STATUTES

PASSED IN THE

PARLIAMENTS

HELD IN

IRELAND.

VOL. VI.

CONTAINING

From the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of George III. A. JD. 177 3.-4, to the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of George III. A. D. 1779-80, inclufive.

DUBLIN:

Printed by "GEORGE GRIERSON, Printer to the King’* Moil Excellent Majefty. 1796.

PRINTED AND PUBLISHED IN GREAT BRITAIN

Digitized by

Google

CONTENTS

OF THE

SIXTH VOLUME.

The Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of GEORGE III. CHAP. IV.

An A a to repeal an A3, in titled, An A a for the more effectual punifbing wicked and diforderly Perfons, who have committed or Jball commit Violences, and do Injuries to the Perfons or Properties of any of His Majejlfs SubjeSs in the Counties of Antrim, Down, Armagh, City and County, of Londonderry, and County of Tyrone, or any of them, or who Jball deliver or publijh threatening Letters9 or who rjljl or ofpofe the Levying the Publiclt Taxes in the faid Counties, or any of them, and for the more ef~ fcBual bringing to JuJlice certain Offenders therein menr tsosusL	Page	X

CHAP. V.

An A a for granting Annuities in the Manner therein provided to fueb Perfons, as Jhall voluntarily Subfcrihe towards the Paif* ing a Sum not exceeding the Sum of Two Hundred and Sixty Prve Thovfand Pounds.	2

a 2

CHAP.

799200

Digitized by

Google

CONTENTS.

CHAP. VII.

An AS to explain and amend an A3 pajfed in this Sejfion of Parliament, entitled, An A3 for granting Annuities in the Manner therein provided to fuch Perfons as Jhall voluntarily fubfcribe towards the raifing a Sum not exceeding the Sum of Two Hundred and Sixty Five Thoufand Pounds. Page IO

CHAP. VIII.

An A3 for continuing and amending feveral Laws now in force relating to His Majefty’s Revenue, and for the more ejffedu-ally preventing Frauds therein*	12

CHAP. XII.

An AS for continuing and amending three feveral Ads, one paffed in the Reign of his late Majejly King George the Se-cond, and the other two in his prefent Majefyjs Reign, fox making the River Lagan navigable, and opening a Communica-t\on by Water between Loughneagh and the Lawn of Belfajl; and for enabling the Commiftoners therein named, to raife Money by AJfignment of faid Duties for the more expeditious and effedual carrying on faid Work.	23

CHAP. XIV.

An A3 for the more ejfedual preventing the forging or altering the Acceptance or Indorfement of Bills of Exchange, or the Numbers or principal Sums of accountable Receipts for Notes, Bills, or other Securities for Payment of Money, or Warrants or Orders for Payment of Money on Delivery of Goods.	30

CHAP. XVI,

An A3 for the more ejfedual proceeding againfl Perfons Jlandtng mute on their Arraignment for Murder, Felony or Piracy. 31

CHAP,

Digitized by v^ooQle

CONTENTS,

CHAP. XVII.

An A3 for granting to His Majefly, His Heirs and Succefforsf the yearly Sums therein mentioned, and for the better Support of the Foundling Hofpital and IVork-boufe of the City of Dublin, and for increqfmg the Fund thereof	Page	31

CHAP. XVIII.

An A3 for the letter regulating the Office of County Treafurers, and the Duty of Clerks of the Crown in refped of Prefent-ments ; and to enable the Or and Jury of the County of Wicklow to raife Money by Preferment for purchafing cf Ground or Houfes adjoining to the Court Houfe of the faid County for the Purpofe of building Additions to the faid Court Houfe.	34

CHAP. XIX.

An A3 for the better and more certain Valuation of Houfes in Counties of Cities and Counties of To wns.	43

CHAP. XXI.

An A3 for amending an A3 pajfed in the third Tear of His Majefy's Reign, entitled, An A3 for the better Regulation of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures.	44

CHAP. XXII.

An A3 for paving the Streets, Lanes, Quays, Bridges, Squares9 Courts, and Alleys within ihe City and County of the City of Dublin, and other Purpofes relative to the fail City of Dublin, and other Places therein particularly mentioned. 45

CHAP.

CONTENT*.

CHAP. XXllI.

An jIQ for the letter Regulation of the Admijfon and PraBlce of Attornics*	Page	47

CHAP. XXIV.

An AB for amending two A8s pajfed in the laft SJ/tons, the one entitled, An Aa for the Relief of poor Infante who are or Jhedl be deferted by their Parents ; the other, entitled, An AB for preventing the fpreading of Fires, and for appointing of Watches in Cities and Towns Corporate, andfor other Purpofes.	51

CHAP. XXV.

An All for amending an A8 pajfed in the third Tear of the Reign of his prefent Majrjly, entitled, An A8 for confirming the Titles and for quieting the PoJfeJJon of Prot cjlants, and for giving Time to Converts from Popery to perform the Requiftes of Conformity prefer tied by the Laws againji Popery*	54

CHAP. XXVI.

An A8 for enforcing a due execution of the Laws relative to Turnpike Roads in this Kingdom.	$5

CHAP. XXVII.

An jiB to amend an AB pajfed in the eighth Tear of his prefent Majcjly, entitled, An A3 for ere Ping new Chapels of Eafe in the Parijh of Armagh, and making fuch Chapels, and thofe that are already ereded in faid Par'tjb, perpetual Cures ; and for making a proper P ror if on for the Maintenance tf perpetual Curates to officiate m the fame ; and for other Purpofss•	61

CHAP.

Digitized by

Google

CONTENTS.

CHAP. XXVIII.

j4* Aft for amending and continuing an Aft pajfed in the third Tear of his prefent Majefly, entitled, An Aft for the more effedual amending and repairing the Road leading from the City of Dublin to the Bridge of Dunleer, and for the better fecuriiig the Debts due or to grow due to the Creditors of the faid Road.	Page	65

CHAP. XXIX.

An A3 for amending and repairing the Road leading from the City of Cork to the Brook which bounds the Counties of Cork and Tipperary near the Foot of Killworth Mountain, and from thence to the Road leading from the Town of Clotimell in the County of Tipperary through the Towns of Clogbeen, JMitchelfown, and to Doneraile in the County of Cork, and for making additional Trujlees for the Turnpike Road between Kilkenny and Callan.	67

CHAP. XXX.

An Aft for amending the Road from Dundalk to Dunleer in the County of Louth.	75

CHAP. XXXI.

An Ad for continuing, explaining, and amending an Ad made in the eighth Tear of the Reign of his prefent Majefly George the third, entitled, An Ad for making and repairing the Road from the Town of Ltflowell in the County of Kerry through the Lands of Ltflowell, Drumin, Skehanrreen, Bu~ negarah, KUhneany, Curragphohg, Kndckenure, Lejftnifky, and Bmanijpig, in the County of Kerry, A tea, Taumpleat-lea, Glanagour, Knockfini/k, Carrigkcrry, Glanduff, Gian-nofare, Ballyline, Ardagh Commons, Ardagh Town, Li-fhilleen, other wife Ltjhereen, Skehanagh, KiUfcannel, and Reens, in the County of Limerick, ending at the Forge on the faid Lands of Reens at the Turn of the Road leading to Newccflle from Rathkeal in the faid County of Limerick„	85

CHAP.



Digitized by v^ooQie

CONTENTS.

CHAP. XXXII.

An Aa for amending the publick Roads*	P*gc	8*9

CHAP. XXXIII.

An A8 for continuing an A3, entitled, An Aa for repairing the Road leading from Tubber, near the Bounds of the Counties of Clare and Galway, to the town of Ennis in the faid County of Clare, and from thence to the North Liberties of the City of Limerick.	1	i	6.

CHAP. XXXIV.

An Aa for making and amending PubFtck Roads in the County of Dublin, and for regulating the affejjtng, applotting and levying of Money in the County of the City of Dub-Tuu	1*6

CHAP. XXXV.

An a3 to enable his Majejly’s Sutjeds of whatever Perfua/ton to tejlify their Allegiance to him.	128

CHAP. XXXVI.

An Aa for amending and continuing an Aa pajfed in the ninth Tear of his late Majejly King George the fecondy entitled,

. An Aa for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Armagh in the County of Armagh to the Town of Newry in the County of Down.	13©

CHAP. XXXVII.

An Aa for preventing Frauds in the Meafurement of Lime.

1J2

CHAP.

3

Digitized by LjOOQle

CONTENTS.

CHAP. XXXIX.

An AB for altering) amending, and making more effeBual) the Laws for repairing the Road leading from the City of Dublin to the Town of Kinnegad in the County of IVeJimeath, and from thence to the Town of Mullingar in the faicd County% and for other Purpofes therein mentioned	Page	133

CHAP. XL.

An A8 for fettUng and preferring a PulTich Library in the City of Armagh for ever) and for enabling the Arehlijhnp of Armagh to appropriate Parts of a Piece -of wefle Ground contiguous to the fold City to certain Ufes for the Benefit of the Inhabitants thereof and to make long Leafes of the Remainder.	141

CHAP. XLI.

Am AB for reviving and continuing feveral temporary Statutes, and to prevent the deflruBive PraBice of trawling for Ftjh m the Bay of Dublin,	148

CHAP. XLII.

4 AB for reviving) continuing, and amending feveral temporary Statutes, and for other Purpofes therein mentioned,	148

CHAP. XLIII.

An AB for explaining and amending an A3 paffed in the Fifth Tear of His prefent Majeflfs Reign, entitled, An A3 for ereBing and eftabli/hing PMck Infirmaries or Hofpitals in . this Kingdom,	150

CHAP,

Digitized by L^ooQle

CONTENTS.

CHAP. XLVI.

An A8 for amending an AS made the loft Seffton of Parliament, entitled, An AS for Badging fucb Poor cu jhall be found unable to fupport tbemfelves by Labour, and other-wife providing for them ; and for refraining fuchf as Jhall be found able to fupport tbemfelves by Labour and Induftry* from Begging.	Page	151

CHAP. XLV1I.

An AS for the better Regulation of the baling Trade in the City of Dublin.	160

TV Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of GEORGE III*

CHAP. It.

An AS for granting Annuities in the Manner therein provided to fuch Perfons as Jhall voluntarily fubferibe towards the ratfing a Sum not exceeding the Sum of one hundred and feventy Jive tbovfand Pounds.	17 I

CHAP. VI.

An AS to explain and amend an AS puffed the Iqf Seflions of Parliament, entitled, An AS for amending the Road from Dundalk to Dunleer in the County of Louth.	182

CHAP.

Digitized by

Google

CONTENTS.

C H A P. XI.

•

An AS to explain and amend an A8 made in the eleventh Tear of the Reign of Ids prefeut Mayfly, entitled, An A3 to enable the Speaker of the Haufc of Commons to tffue his War-rcents to make out new Writs for the Choice of Member•/, to fen* in Parliament in the Room of fuch Members, as fhall die during the Recefs of Parliament, and for enabling the Speaker of the Houfe of Commons to make out new Writs for the Choice of Members to ferve in Parliament in the Room of fuch Members, as fhall during the Recefs of Parliament become Peers of Ireland, and be fummoned to Parliament.

P*ge 183

C H A P. WJ.

An AS for altering and amending an Ad faffed m the twenty

fifth Tear of the Reign of his late Majefiy King George the fecond, entitled. An AS for making and repairing the Road leading from the Town of Athy in the County of Kildare through Part of the Queen’s County , and through the Town of Cqftlecomer in the County of Kilkenny, to the Town of Old Leighlin in the County of Carlow, and from thence to and through the town of Leighlin-bridge in the fold County of Carlow.	1-85

CHAP. XIII.

An AS for altering, amending, and making more ejffeSued an AS, entitled. An AS for repairing the Road leading from the Green of Kilcullen in the County of Kildare to the Town of Athy in the fame County, and from thence through the Town of Stradbally to the Town of Timoho in the Queen’s County.	186

C HAP. XIV.

An AS for repealing an AS made in the thirteenth andfourteenth Tears of the Reign of his p ref cut Majcfty, entitled. An AS to explain and amend an AS mads in the third Tear of the Reign of his late Majefty King George the feccnd, entitled. An AS for the better keeping Churches in Repair, and for other Purpofes,	203

' chap.

byGOCKJ (

CONTENTS.

CHAP. XV.

An A(t for the Improvement of his Majejly s Revenue, and the snore effcShted preventing of Frauds therein; and for continuing and amending Several Laws heretofore made, and * now in Force, relattvi to his Majejly*s faid Revenue.

Page 204

CHAP. XVI.

An Ad for better regulating the Eledions of Members to feroe m Parliament.	220

CHAP. XVII.

An Ato explain and amend the fever a I Statutes now in Force in this Kingdom relative to the Exchange of Glebe Lands, and the Endowment of Churches with new Glebes ; and to remove fome Doubts relative to jaid Statutes, and for other Purpofes.	227

CHAP. XX.

An AH to explain and amend an A SI, entitled, An ASl for paving the Streets, Lanes, Quays, Bridges, Squares, Courts, and Alleys, within the City and County of the City of Dublin, end other Purpofes relative to the /aid City of Dubli i, and other Places therein particularly mentioned; andfor extending the Provifions of the faid Ad to the Baronies cf Saint Sepulchre's and Donor e.	2	30

CHAP. XXL

An Ad to prevent and puni/h tumultuous Riftngs of Perfons within this Kingdom, and for other Purpofes therein mentioned.	230

CHAP. XXII.

An AS for amending an Ad pajfed lajl Seffton of Parliament, entitled. An Ad for the better Regulation of the Bahaig Trade in the City of Dublin.	242

CHAP.

Digitized by

Google

contents.

CHAP. XXIIL

An AS for the Relief cf the Out Penfioners of the Hofpital of King Charles the Second for antient and maimed Officers and Soldiers, of the -army of Ireland•	Page	243

CHAP. XXIV.

An A3 for the better regulating the Pipe Water of the City of Dublin*	243

CHAP. XXV.

An AS for amending an AS pajfed in the eleventh and twelfth Tears of his frefent Majejlfs Reign, entitled, An AS for better regulating the Foundling Hofpital and Work-houfc in the City of Dublin, and increqfing the Fund for the Support there-of; alfo for making a Provifion for appointing a Locum Tenens in cafe of the Death or Abfence of the Lord Mayor, or the Prefident of the Court of Confcience• »	2$Q

CHAP. XXVI.

Am AS for encouraging the Cultivation, and for the letter Prefervationoflrees, Shrubs, Plants, and Roots. 253

CHAP. XXVII*

An AS to amend the feveral ASs of Parliament made in this Kingdom for the more effeSual preventing of Frauds by Tenants*	256

CHAP.

Digitized by Google

CHAP. XXVIII.

An AS to explain and amend an AS made in the third and fourth Tears of the Reign of His prefcnt Majefty, entitled. An A3 for making more convenient the Approaches to the City Of Dublin by making a new Turnpike Road on the South Side, the Weft Side, and the North Side of the faid City, to commence at the Road leading from Dublin to Donnybrook, and to terminate in Cavendijh-Strect.	Page	259

CHAP. XXIX.

Jn AS for regulating of Trials of Peers or Peerejfes in Cafes of capital Offences.	265

CHAP. XXXI.

An AS for amending and rendering more effectual an AS puffed in the loft JeJJton of Parliament, entitled. An Ad for reviving and continuing fevtfal temporary Statutes, and to prevent the deftrudive PraSice of Trawling for Fifb in the Pay of Dublin ; and for explaining and amending one other Ad made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of his prefent Majefiy, entitled. An Ad for explaining and amending an AS pafjed in the fifth Tear of bis prefent Ma** jefty's Reign, entitled. An Ad for erecting and ejiablijbing Infirmaries or Hofpitals in this Kingdom.	266

CHAP. XXXIII.

Jn Ad for the more effedually preventing the plundering of Ships or VeJJ'els which may be wrecked or ftranded on (he Coafts of this Kingdom.	267

CHAP. XXXIV.

An Ad to prohibit the burning of Lime or Li me-ft ones in* any Lime-kiln which had not been ereded before the twenty -fourth Day of March one thoufand /even hundred andfeventy two.	269

i	CHAP.

Digitized by v^ooQle

CONTENTS.

CHAP, XXXV.

An Ad for amending an Ad made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of his frefent Majefty s Reign, entitled, [An A8 for Budging fucb Poor as Jhall he found unable to fupport them-felves by Labour, and otherwife providing for them ; and for refraining fucb as Jhall he found able to fupport themfelves by Labour and lnduftry from begging] fo far as the /aid Ad relates to the County of Limerick, and to the County of the City of Limerick, and for extending the Provifeons of the faid Ad to the Town of Colerain in the County of Londonderry.	Page	270

CHAP. XXXVI.

Are Ad for continuing, amending, and making more effedual an Ad paffed in the thirteenth Tear of the Reign of bis late Majefty Ring George the Second, entitled. An Ad for reft airing the Road leading from Timohoin the Queen’s County through Ballynakill, Durrow, Beggars-Inn, and from thence through the City of Cajhell to the Town of Tipperary in the County of Tipperary.	273

CHAP. XXXVII.

An A3 for continuing an Ad paffed in the ftventh Year of the Reign of his late Majefty King George the fecond, entitled, An 43 Jor making more effedual an Act paffed in the third Tear of the Reign of his prefent Majefty King George the Second, entitled, An Ad for repairing the Road leading from the City of Dublin to the Town of Navan in the County of Meath, and for repairing the Roads leading from the fetid Tmvn of Navan to the Town of Nobber in the faid C°nnty; as alfo for repairing the Road leading from the faid T*wn of Navan to the '1 own of Kells in the faid County.

*79

CHAP.

Digitized by L^ooQle

CONTENTS.

CHAP. XXXVIII.

An A SI fcr confirming and eftablijhing an Agreement made between the fur vising Trufiees named in or ele ded and appointed purfuant to the la ft Will and Codicil of George Vaughan, Ejquire, dcccafcd, and the fur vising Devifees named in the faid Will, concerning the real and perfonal Efiates whereof the faid George Vaughan died feixed or pofftfitd, and for making the faid Agreement effectual, and for incorporating the faid Truftees for the better Execution of fucb of the Charities appointed by. the faid Will, as can it maintained, and for other Purpofes.	Page 2 80

The Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of GEORGE III. CHAP. VIII.

An AB for the Improvement of His Majrfiy’s Revenue, and the more effcBually preventing of Frauds therein ; and for continuing and amending fevered haws heretofore made and now in Force relative thereto.	296

CHAP. IX.

An AB to authorise for a limited Time the Punifbment by bard habour of Offenders, who for certain Crimes are or Jhall become Viable to be tranfported to any of His Majefiy’s Colonies and Plantations %	3*4

C PI A P. X.

An AB for making and keeping in repair a Circular Road round the City of Dublin.	324

CHAP. XI.

An A3 for continuing and amending an AB pnffed in the fourteenth Tear of his prefent Majejly's reign, entitled, An Ad to prevent malicious cutting and wounding, and to funifh offenders called Chaliers.	340

CHAP*

Digitized by

Google

.•CONTENTS.

»

CHAP. XVII.

An Ad to amend and continue an Ad paffed in the thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of his prefent Majejly, entitled, An A8 for the better Regulation of the baking 1 rade in the city of Dublin, and for other Purposes.	Page	350

CHAP. XIX.

Jin A3 for the better Prefer ration of Fijh in Rivers^ Lakes > and Inland Waters*	361

CHAP. XXL

An A3 to explain and amend an A3 pajfed in the third Tear of the Reign of his .prefent Majcjly, entitled. An Ad for the better Regulation of the Linen and Hempen ManufaQurer.

367

CHAP. XXli.

An Alt to explain and amend an A3 paffed in the thirteenth assd fourteenth Tears of the Reign of his prefent Majejly% in tilled, An A3 for amending the publick Roods.	380

CHAP. XXIII.

•An AS to amend ah AS, entitled, An AS for enforcing a due •Execution of the Laws relative to	in	tfnt

Kingdom.	385

CHAP. XX Vi

An AS to explain the Statute of the twenty-eighth fear of Henry tie Eighth, entitled, ’The AS of	3S6

CONTENT!.



CHAP. XXVIII.

An AS for preferring the Health of Prifoncrs in Gaol and preventing the Gaol Difiempcr•	Page	3	86

CHAP. XXIX.

An AS for explaining a Doubt, arifing upon the Laws for fup-plying the City of Dublin with Corn and Flour ; and alfo for leffening the Expenses off applying the faid City with the Articles aforefaid.	388

CHAP. XXXIII.

An AS for preventing the cutting or dejlroying of plant > fiained9 Or printed Linens , Cottonsf Lawns, or Mujlinsy or any other manafadured Goods.	389

CHAP. XXXV.-

An AS to explain and amend an ASy pqffcd in the Jixth Tear of the Reign of his prefent Mmejlyy entitled, An AS for encouraging the planting of	Timber	Trees.	391

CHAP. XXXVI.

An AS for reviving and	continuing	fevetah temporary Sfef

totes*	392

CHAP. XJCXVIL

An AS for* continuing and amending ait Aspajfed in the fifteenth and fixteenth Tears of the Reign of his prefent Majefiy$ entitled, An AS for continuing an AS pajfed in the feventb Tear of the Reign of his late Mbjejly Kbtg George the fe-ctncL, entitled, Art AS for making more ejfeSval an AS pa fid in the third Year of the Reign of his late Majefiy King George the fecondy entitled, s.n AS for repairing the Road leading from the City' of Dublin to the Town of Navan itl the County of Meathy and for repairing the Road leading from the faid Town 0/ Navan to the Town of Nobber irt the faid County ; and alfo for repairing the Road leading from the faid Town of Navan to the Town of Kells in the faid County.	394.

CHAP

Digitized by Google

CHAP. XXXVIII.

.^tn	j/8 for the letter Regulation of the Pelite of the City

of	Corkfand for	other Purfefei relative to the faid

City.	Page	396

CHAP. XXXIX,

yin aft for altering, amending, and making more cfftfiual an aft for repairing the road leading from the town of Nenagh in the county of "Tipperary through the towns of Birr and Firbane in the King's county to Curranaboy-bridge on the turnpike road leading to Athlone in the county of Wflmeath ; and aJJb for other purpofes therein mentioned,	409

CHAP, XLIV.

jin A£t to enable the Chief Juflice, or other jujlice of His Mar Jeffs Court of King's Bench, or the Chief Jujlice, or other JufBcc His fly's Court of CoWuhon Pleas, in the Abfcnce of the Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer to fiqear the Lord Mayor of the City of Lublin into hit Office,	*	423

CHAP. XL\\

jin Aft for the Amendment of the Laos/, with Rcjpcft to Outlawries, returning Special Juries, and the future EJfeOs of Bankrupts in certain Cafes.	ib'.

C H A P, XLVI.

Ata A3 for the further Improvement of the City of Dublin in (be Manner therein mentioned,	,	426

h 2.

CHAP.

Digitized by

CONTE NT a

CHAP. XLVII.

An A8 for afccrt aiding the Boundaries of the Parifb of* Safnt Mary’s on the iferth Eajl Side thereof and preventing Irt-conveniencies arifing from the uncertain State of the fame% end for afeertnining the Boundaries between the County of the City of Dublin and the County of Dubltn in fame Places, where the fame are uncertain, and thereby preventing Per-' ff'ns guilty °f Offences therein from efcaping the Punifbmmt if the Law*	Page	42^

CHAP. XLVIIL

An A ft to exclude Traders from the Benefit of an AS, entitled. An Ad to prevent Frauds committed by Bankrupts % •who do not keep regular Books of Account, and for continuing the faid Law, and other Purpofes.	43Q

CHAP. XLIX.

An A& for the Reliff of his Majefly’s SubjeSs of this Kingdom profejing the Popijh Relig ion.	43*

The Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of GEORGE III*

CHAP. VI.

An A8 for the Relief of his Majejly’s faithful SubjeSs the Pro-teflant Diffenters of this Kingdom ; and to repeal a Claufe in the AS of the Second of Queen Anne, entitled. An A€t tQ prevent the further Growth of Popery, as far as the fame relates to the Protefiant Diffenters.	435

CHAP.

Digitized by

Google

CONTENTS.



CHAP. XII.

jin ji8< for continuing and amending feveral Laws relating tn Bis Majeftfs Revenue, and for the more effeQucdly preventing of Frauds therein ; and for fucb other Purpofes as are therein mentioned.	Page	436

CHAP. XIII.

An AS for explaining and amending an Aft pajfed in the fifteenth and Jixteenth Tears of the reign of George the third* entitled. An AS fbr the better regulating the pipe water of the city of Dublin.	465

CHAP. XIV.

An AS for reviving, continuingf and amending fevered temporary Statutes.	474

CHAP. XV.

jin AS for continuing fevered temporary Statutes, and for amending an AS faffed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Tears of the Reign of his prefent Majefty, for the better'pavings cleanf-ing, lighting, altering, and improving Sackville-ftreet and Marlborougb-ftrect in the City of Dublin, and the Lanes and Avenues leading unto the fame reffedively ; and for enabling (he Corporations Jb- badging tf>e Poor within the County of Wo* terford and theCounty of the* City of Waterford, to unite and become one Corporation ; and alfo for eftabltfbing a Body Corporate within the Town and Parijh of Lifbum^m the County of Antrim for the better Support and Government of the Poor within the faid Town and Parifb.	475

CHAP. XVIII.

An AS to empower Grand Juries to contraS for beeping the fublsck RoajU^ in Repair,	479

CHAP.

Digitized by

Google

CONTENTS,’

CHAP. XIX.

Ass A3 4* prevent Combinations^ and for the further Encou• ragemeat of Trade.	Pa;^c	481

CHAP. XX.

Am A8 fir the better Regulation of the Woollen ManufaSure if Ais Kingdom.	490

CHAP. XXL

A AS to amend and continue an A3 faffed in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Tears of the Reign of His frefent Majefty» entitled, An A3 to amend and continue an A3 faffed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Tears of His frefent Metjefty, entitled, An A3 fir the better Regulation of the Bating Trade m the City of Dublin, and for other Purpofes%	499

CHAP. XXII.

An A3 to amend a Mifiake in an A3 faffed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Tears of His frefent Majefty, entitled, At\ x 3 fir amending the PMck Roads.	50Q

CHAP, xxrvt

An A3 for the better Regulation of the Silk ManufaSure.

Soi

CHAP. XXV.

An A3 to explain an A3, entitled, An AS to prevent Frauds committed by Bankrupts.	509

, CHAP.

*

C 9 H 1 B lf T Sr

C&AP. XXVI.

Ahyadbfor amending the aSs of thejecondand eighth' yettrt of the reign of hit late Majefty ling: George the farfti and of the Jirjb year of hie late Maycfif long Georffe thefecostd, for recovery of.fmaU debts ho afummary way'by Ml bed, or far at they relate to the county of Dublin•	Pige	£14.

CHAP. XXVII.

An- aSt to prevent the mfitStoft of the fnmijbmentof whiffing voder atra& faffed irr the eleventh' and twelfth-flare of hit prefer* Majtjly, entitled. An aS for /A* rtgsdndon of the city of Corip and for other pvnpefce therein mentioned relative

to the faid city9 without JirJl having the perfon9 on whom fuch funi/bment Jball be infiiQedp conviSed by 'a jury.	515

CHAP. XXIX.

An A8 for naturalizing fuch Foreign Merchants\ Traders, Artificers, Artizans, Manufacturers, Workmen, Seamen, Farmers, and others, as Jball fettle in this Kingdom.	517

CHAP. XXX.

An a8 for the reTtef of tenants holding under leafts for Bvet eat laimng covenants fdr perpetualrentwdu	5^

CONTENTS.

CHAP. XXXIV.

An AS to continue akd amend an AS p&fied in tbe feventcentb and eighteenth Tears of the Reign of bis prefent Majefly, in titled, An AS for the Encouragement of Tillage, and rendering the Carriage of Com to the City of Dublin lefs ex-penfive.	Page	535

CHAP. XXXVI.

An AS for regulating the curing and Preparing Provi/ions, and for preventing Combinations among the fevtral Tradefmen and other Perfons employed in making up fuch Provi/ions ; and for regulating tbe Butter Trade in the City of Dublin, and for other Purpofes therein mentioned	,	5Sf

CHAP. XXXVII.

An AS to prevent tbe detejlbhle Pradices of boughing Cattle\ burning of Houfesf Bams, Haggards, and Corn, and for other Pmpefet.	55©

CHAP. XXXVIIL

An AS to prevent vexatious and frivolous Arrefls, and for othep Pnrpofet*	S5i

CHAP. XXXIX*

AnA8	for explaining	an AS made in tbe Eighth Tear of the

teign of her late Majejly jpueen Anney entitled, An ASt fo explaining and amending an A8 to prevent the further Gtmuth of Popery, fo far only as the fame makes a Provtflon fer'be Maintenance of Popijh Prills converted to the Pro-teflon Religion*	556

CHAP;



Digitized by LiOOQle

CrO N T E NTS,.

CHAP. XLI.

An Ad for empowering Grind Juries to prefent Bridges andT^ Toils to be paidfor 'faffing the fame in certain Cafes • Page 558

C.H A P. XLIL .

An A3 for regulating the Baking Trade in the City of Cork*

5H :

CHAP. XLIII. .

An Ad for continuing, altering, amending, and making more ejfcQual an aft of parliament made and pajfed in the feventeenth ■ end eighteenth years of the reign of bis prefent Majefly, entitled, An ad for continuing and amending an a3 pajfed in the fifteenth and jtxteenth yean of the reign of his prefent Majefly, entitled, ‘ An ad for continuing an ad pajfed in the feventh year of the reign of his late Majefly king George the fecond, entitled. An ad for making more ejfedual an a tpajfed in the third year of the reign of his late Majefly king George the fecond, entitled. An ad for repairing the road leading from the city of Dublin to the town of Navan in the county of Mcatby and for repairing the road leading from the /aid town tf Navan to the town of Nobber in the faid county ; and sdfo for repairing the road leading from the fitd town of Na- € *m*u to the town of Kells in the faid county.	568

CHAP. XUV.

An A3 to amend an Ad, entitled. An Ad for making and amending Publick Reads in the County oc Dublin, and for regular. ngy applotting, and le vying, of Money in the County of the City of Dublin.	583	.

Vol. VI.:.

CHAP.'

w

C O N T S- N' T S.-,

CRAP.. XLV.

An Aft for making, and repairing, and Jhortening a Road from ' the Croft of Callan in the County of Kilkenny through the Town of Mullinahone, and by'the Ford of Kilmcre called Blaekfoord and Poorftown to the Town of Clonmell in the County of Tipperary v	Page 584

CRAP. XL VIII.

An A8 for amending an Aft made in the Thirteenth Tear of His late Majefty George the Second, entitled, An.Ait Jtr repacking and amending the Road leading from the Town of Clonmell in the County of Tipperary through the Towns cfClogb-een, Mitchelftown, and to Doneraile in the County of Cork ; and anothey Aft pafjed in the Twenty-ninth } ear of His fuid late Majefty* s Reign, entitled, An Ad for amending and repairing the faid Road, and for other Purpefes.	601

CRAP. XLIX.

An aft for altering, amending and continuing, and making more effectual an aft made in the thirteenth andfourteenth years of the• reign of his prefent Majefty, entitled.. An aft for amending and repairing the road leading from the city of Cork to the brook, which hounds the counties of Cork and Tipperary near the foot of Kilwcrth mountain, and on to Knocklpy turnpike gate, and. other purpofes,	604

CHAP. L..

An'aft for further enforcing a due execution of the laws relative r to turnpike roads in this kingdom.	606

C H a p; LI.'

An aft for ndfting a competent part of the real and perfonal

eflates of the late right honourable fir Henry Caojcndijh La relict deceafed in I rift ee 5 for difeharging a debt due by the faid Jtr lie dry Gavindrb to bis Mijejiy, and f lr the purprfes therein mentioned.	609

A COL-

A

COLLECTION

OF

STATUTES, &c.

A- D,

The Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of GEORGE III. 1773*4*

C H A Pf IVf

<4a AS to repeal an AS, intitled, An AS for the more effectual punching wicked and diforderly Perfons, who have committed or Jhall commit violences, and do Injuries to the Perfons or Properties of any of His Majejlfs SubjeSs in the Counties of Antrim, Down, Armagh, City and County of Londonderry, and County of Tyrone, or any of them, or who Jhall deliver or publfh threatening Letters, or who reffi or oppofe the Levying the Publick Taxes in the faid Counties, or any of them, and for the more ef-fcSual bringing to Jflice certain Offenders therein men-honed.

WHEREAS an aft of Parliament parted In the ele- it (e n G. 3# venth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intitled, c- 5- tqcalci. An a8 for the more ejfefiual punching wicked and difonlerly Perfons, who have committed or Jhall commit violences, and do injuries to the perfons or properties of any of his Ma-jfly’s fuhjeds in the counties of Antrimx Down, Armagh, city and county of Londonderry, and county of Tyrone, or any of them, or who Jhall deliver or publifh threatening letters, or who rejijl or oppofe the levy ing the publick taxes in the fatd counties, or any of them, and for the more tffcftual bringing to juflicc certain offenders therein mentioned, has been found to be no longer neceflary : be it enafted by the King’s molt excellent Majelly, by and with the advice and confent of the Yol." VI.	A	lords

Digitized by

Google

A. D. *773-4-

The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George III. lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefcnt Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, that the aforefaid ad, and every claufe thereof, be henceforth repealed, and made null and void.

CHAP. V.

An Ad for granting Annuities in the Manner therein provided to fuch Perfons, as Jball voluntarily Subfcribe towards the Raif • ing a Sum not exceeding the Sum of Two Hundred and Sixty Five Thoufand Pounds.

Amended

*7.

As a further fupply for 5165 ,oool annuities of 6 per Cent, payable by vice treasurers, £rc. or appointees in London by c. 7. Ac.

TT7E your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubje&s the * * commons of Ireland in Parliament afTerabled, being highly ferifible of the ineftimable blellings we enjoy under your Majefty’s mild and aufpicious reign, and defirous to the utmoft of our power to fupport your Majefty’s government with honour, do moft humbly befeech your Majefty, that as a further fupply to your Majefty a fum not exceeding two hundred and fixty five thoufand pounds (hall be railed by granting life annuities or intereft at the rate of fix pounds per annum with benefit of furvivorihip s and for that pur-pofe be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent Majefty by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons it this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That if any perfon or perfons, your Majefty’s natural born fubje&s or foreigners, (hall within the fevcral times and in manner herein after particularly mentioned pay into his Majefty’s treafury in Ireland any fum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the faid fum of two hundred and fixty five thoufand pounds, to be fubferibed by them in fums of one hundred pounds each, there (hall be paid to fuch perfon or perfons fo paying and advancing the fame refpeclively, their executors, admi-niftrators, or afligns, or to the perfon or perfons legally authorized by them to receive the fame,' by the hands of the vice treafurer or vice treafurers, paymafter or receiver general, his or their deputy or deputies, annuities of fix pounds per annum for each and every hundred pounds fo fubforibed and paid for and during the lives of the perfons to be nominated by the perfons fubferibrng and paying the faid fum and fums refpe&ively, together with fuch additional intereft as (hall accrue by furvivorftiip in manner herein after provided; and that the faid annuities (hall commence from the twenty fifth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and feventy three, and (hall be paid half yearly in equal portions on every twenty fourth day of June and twenty fifth day of December in every year,

II,	And

2ol. per cent.

The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George III.

II. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That a fum of twenty pounds, part of each one hundred pounds, fo to be fubferibed, (hall be paid into the faid treafury on or before the firft day of March in the year one thoufand feven _ hundred and feventy four ; and that a further fum of forty . . . pounds per cent. thereof be paid on or before the firft day of ^	°

June in the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy Marches, four; and that the remaining fum of forty pounds per cent, enlarged c. 7. to compleat the payment of every fuch fubfeription of one f* hundred pounds be paid on or before the twenty fourth day 1 J1111® of July in the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy an(j ^ four; at or before which laft mentioned time all and every July 1774, perfon and perfons having compleated the payment of the fum or fums by him, her, or them fubferibed refpe&ively, the live* named (hall name fuch perfon or perfons, as he, (he, or they (hall f”!*aimany C think proper, to be the perfon or perfons, for and during fool, a* they whofe life or lives the faid annuity or annuities with the faid think fit, &c. benefit of furvivorihip (hall be refpe&ively paid; and that every fubferiber may fubferibe and pay as many fums of one hundred pounds each, as he or (he (hall think fit; and that all and every perfon and perfons fubferibing and paying as aforefaid may name to the rice treafurer or vice treafurers, paymafter or receiver general, his or their deputy or deputies for the time being, one or more life or lives, at his, her, or their diferetion, for the fum or fums by him, her, or them, fubferibed and paid, fo as no more lives than one be named for each di(lin& fum of one hundred pounds fo fubferibed and paid; and every perfon fo fubferibing and paying, or their executors, adminiftrators, or afiigns, (hall receive fuch annuity or intereft as aforefaid, together with fuch benefit of furvivorihip as is herein after provided, for every hundred pounds fubferibed and paid as aforefaid, during the life fo named for every fuch fum of one hundred pounds refpe&ive-ly ; and that every fuch fubferiber may name one and the fame life for fo many of fuch feveral and diftin& fums of one hundred pounds each, fo fubferibed and paid, as fuch fubferiber (hall think fit; and that the feveral nominees in the faid life Nominees di- . annuities (hall be divided by the vice treafurer or vice trea- vided in 3 furers, paymafter or receiver general, his or their deputy or	*c*	M

deputies, into three feparate clafles; the firft clafs to coniift crcm* of perfons of the age of forty year3 and upwards ; the fecond clafs to confift of perfons of the age of twenty years and upwards, but under forty ; and the third clafs to confift of perfons under the age of twenty years; and that the intire intereft of the intire fum fo to be advanced by perfons fubferibing in tfny of the faid clafles, computing fuch intereft at the rate of fix pounds by the hundred by the year, (hall go to and be divided among the perfons fo fubferibing in proportion to the fums by them refpe&ively fubferibed and paid, as the no-A 2	minces

Digitized by

GocJ.e,

A. D.

1773-4-fhap. 5.

Bpoki kept at trealury, with fubferibers names entered, the fums paid, «uid the nominees, and their aces, &c,

The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George III. minees in fuch clafs (hall die, until by benefit of furvivorfhfp the annuity payable to each fubferiber (hall amount to a fum equal to, but never to exceed the intire principal fum originally advanced and paid by each fubferiber: and that the remainder of the faid intereft from time to time, as it (hall accrue, (hall be applied to the credit of the nation \ and that in order to avoid fra&ional divifions, and the expence and difficulty of keeping long and intricate accounts, no didribution of any fum or fums, fo accruing by furvi-vorihip in any of the faid claffes, (hall be made to the fubferibers in any fuch clafs, until fuch fum or fums fo accrued by the fall of lives in fuch clafs, (hall be fufficient to pay an additional inteieft of one half per cent. to the feveral per-fons, who (hall be then intitled to receive the fame ; and that every fubferiber, who (hall not compleat his fubfeription within the times and in the manner aforefaid, (hall forfeit the fum or funis by fuch fubferiber advanced, and the fame (hall be applied to the credit of the nation ; and that if any fubferiber or fubferibers (hal} die, before he, (he, or they (hall have compleated tl^e payment of the fum or fum^ fo fubferibed by him, her, or them refpe&ively as aforefaid, the executors, adminiftratora, or afligns of fuch fubferiber or fubferibers may compleat the payment within the time aforefaid.

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That in the office of the vice treafurer or vice treafurer^, pay mailer or receiver general, his or their deputy or deputies, there be provided and kept one or more book or books, in which (hall be fairly entered the names of all, who (hall be fubferibers, and of all perfons by whofe hands the faid fubferibers (hall pay in any of the faid fums, and alfo of the feveral fums fo paid, and the time when the fame are refpec-tively paid ; the faid entry to be made upon payment of the faid fums ; and alfo in the faid books there (hall be entered the feveral nominees, and the ages of fuch nominees, for whofe lives rcfpe&iyely the faid annuities (hall be payable, at the times when the fame (hall be nominated as aforefaid ; to which books it (hall be lawful for the refpe&ive fubferibers, their executors, adminiftrators and afligns from time to time at all feafonable hours to have refort and to infpedl the fame without fee or reward ; and as well the faid feveral fubferibers as the faid nominees (hall be deferibed in the faid books by their names and fumames, additions, places of abode, and other deferiptions which (hall bed afeertain the perfons ; and every fubferiber upon compleating the payment of the fum of one or more hundred pounds as aforefaid (hall immediately receive from the officer and officers of his Majefty’s treafury one or more debenture or debentures, in which (hall b* mentioned and exprefled the names and furnames, additi-

ons.

Digitize*

'.-•t

The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George III. tins, places of abode, ages, and other defcriptions of the nominee or nominees, and alfo the receipt of the confider-ation money, for which the fubfcriber (hall receive one or more annuity or annuities with fuch benefit of furvivorfhip as aforefaid, during the life or lives of fuch nominee or nominees, whether fuch nominee be the fubfcriber or any other perfon.

IV.	And be it further cna&ed by the authority aforefaid.

That it (hall and may be lawful for any fubfcriber or fub-feribers, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators or af* herein, figns, at any time during the life or lives of his, her, or their refpeclive nominee or nominees by any writing under hand

and feal, or by his, her, or their lad will in writing, to af-fign or devife any one or more fuch (hare or (hares as aforcA faid, payable during the life or lives of fucli nominee or nominees refpedtively, as the cafe may be, to any perfon or perfons, and fo totics juofies ; and no fuch alignments to be revokeablc, fo as an entry or memorandum of fuch aflign^* ment or will be made in books to be kept for that purpofe in the office aforefaid within tl e fpace of two months after fuch affignment or death of the devifor $ and that upon producing fuch affignment or the probate of fuch wall in the office aforefaid to be entered as aforefaid, the party fo producing fuch affignment (hall bring therewith an affidavit taken before fome perfon authorized to take affidavits in caufes depending in any of the courts at the city of Dublin, or in cafe the party amgning (halt not re fide in Ireland, before any perfon duly authorized to take the oath of the party, of the due execution of the faid affignment, which affidavits (hall be feverally filed in the faid office ; which faid entry or memorandum the faid officers of your Majeily’a trea-fury are hereby required to make accordingly, and to file the faid affidavits ; and in default of fuch affignment or devife by deed or will the intereft of fuch fubfcriber fnall go to his executors and adminiftrators for the life of fuch nominee or nominees, as the cafe may be.

V.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore- Guardian or faid, That it (hall and may be lawful for any guardian or truftce of infant truftee, having the difpofal of the money of any infant un- under 12 may der the age of twelve years for the ufe and benefit of fuch f"fan"a^Q infant, to advance and pay with the approbation of the lord fliall he a. chancellor, lord keeper, or keepers of the great feal for the fubfcriber, &c. time being for the purpofes aforefaid, the fum of one or

more hundred pounds, ef the money of fuch infant, and thereupon at fuch time and in fuch manner, a3 is herein before appointed for the naming of lives, to name the faid infant to be a nominee ; and fucli infant upon payment of the faid fum or fums (hall become a fubfcriber within the meaning of this aand be intitled to have and receive during

Share* aflign*

Digitized by



Certificate of nominee's life produced if de> ttiaoded, &c.

If nominee beyond fea, and feem# probable he is living, warrant for payment.

On 3 years negledt to de-■uud, forfeited.

The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George III. his or her life an annuity with benefit of furvivoHhip in fuch manner and proportion as any other fubferiber; and the faid guardian or truttee, as to the faid fum or fums fo advanced, is hereby difeharged, and {hall be accountable only to the faid infant for fuch annuity or annual intereft, as he fhall receive under this ad.

VI.	And to the intent and purpofe that all deceits in receiving any annuity or annuities as aforefaid may be prevented, and that the full advantage of furvivorfhip may be bad, be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That all and every fubferiber and fubferibers, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, upon their demanding any half yearly payment of his, her, or their refpedive annuities, Unlefs the nominee appear in perfon at the time of demanding fuch annuity, fhall, whenever the vice treafurer or vice treafurers, or paymafter general, his or theii deputy or deputies fhall think proper to demand the fame, produce a certificate of the life of his, her, or their refpedive nominee, figned by the minifter or in his abfence by the curate of the parifh, where fuch nominee fhall be then living, upon the day when the faid half yearly payment fhall become due; if fuch nominee fhall be then refiding in the kingdom of Ireland; which certificate the faid minifter or curate is hereby required to make without fee or reward ; and the faid certificate fhall be filed in the faid office of the vice treafurer or vice treafurers, paymafter or receiver general, his or their deputy or deputies, who are hereby authorized and required, whenever he or they fhall find it neceflary, to examine upon oath (which oath he or they are hereby impowered to adminiller) any perfon entitled to an annuity, or any other perfon whatfoever, touching the exiftence of any nominee or nominees.

VII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe any nominee fhall at the time of fuch demand be refident beyond the feas, and any one or more of the barons of the Exchequer for the time being fhall certify that upon proof to him or them made (which proof he and they is and are hereby authorized and required to take in a fummary way) it doth feem probable to him or them, that the faid nominee is living, which certificate is to be given and examination made without any fee or charge, the faid certificate being filed as aforefaid, fhall be a fufficient war* rant for payment of the faid annuity or annuities half yearly to the refpedive fubferibers, their executors, adminiftrators or afligns.

VIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe any perfon, who by the intent of this ad fhall be entitled to receive any annuity or annuities

as

Digitized by v^ooQle

Tie thirteenth andfourteenth Tear* of George III.

M aforeiaid, (hall neglcd to demand the fame in manner aforefaid for the fpace of three years, he or (he (hall for ever lofe and forfeit the fame, as if hia or her refpedive nominee had been dead at the commencement of the (aid three years.

IX.	And to the intent that it may appear upon every counun£k nT half-yearly payment unto and amongft what perfons, and in within 20 days what proportions, the (aid annuities are to be diftributed, before payment* be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That in the (aid office

racry half year within twenty days before the refpedive days of payment there (hall be made up an account of the feverai nominees, whofe deaths are come to knowledge, and of the feverai fnbfcribers who have made default in making demand as aforefaid.

X.	And be it enaded by the authority aforeiaid, That On demand

if any perfons (hall demand payment of any fum for any life	treble

not in being, knowing the fame to be expired, the perfon fo to fubferiber* fa making faid demand (nail upon proof thereof forfeit treble fame daft

the fum fo demanded to any of the remaining fubferibersin	ftc*

the fame clafs, who will fue for the fame, to be recovered by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Dublin, in which no efloign,

Srote&ion, wager of law, or any more than one imparlance tall be allowed ; and that in every fuit for recovery of the laid fum the proof of the exigence of fuch life at the time of fuch demand (hall lye upon the perfon fo demanding aa aforefaid.

XI.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore- Payment after laid. That if any perfon (hall receive one or more half yearly	fobT

payment or payments of the faid annuity or annuities after fenbers in tka the death of any nominee or nominees, for whole life or lives dab, Ire* fuch annuity or annuities was or were payable, it (hall be lawful for any fubferiber in the clafs, in which fuch nominee was named, to require the fame to be repaid into the office of the vice treafurer or vice treafurers, paymafter or receiver general, his or their deputy or deputies, for the benefit of the fubferiber* in fuch clafs5 and in cafe of refufal or negled to pay in the fame within one month after fuch demand fuch perfon fo re-fufingor negleding (hall forfeit treble the fum fo received, to be recovered by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at the city of Dublin in the name of fuch fubferiber who (hall make the demand as aforefaid, in which adion no eftoign, protedion, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance (hall be allowed 5 and upon the trial of the faid adion, the proof that the nominee or nominees were living at the time' fuch. payment or payments, fo required to be repaid, became due and payable as aforeiaid, (hall lie on the fubferiber or

peribu

3

*/

Nominee's death certified in a month after notice.

No fee or re* Ward at treafuiy.

No pc halt yon officer paying on forged or falfc certificate, &c.

Oath or affir-j ination by fub* rfcribcr before » juftice.

The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George III. perfon to whom or for whofe benefit the faid annuity was Cm paid.

XII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That all and every fubferiber and fubferibers, his, her, or their executors, admir.iftrators, and affigns, within one month next after notice of the death of his, her, or their refpe&ive nominee or nominees (hall certify fuch death to the vice trea-furer or vice treafurers, paymafter or receiver general, his or their deputy or deputies for the time being, and fhall alfo within three months after fuch notice deliver or caufe to he delivered up to the faid vice treafurer or vice treafurers, pay-mailer or receiver general, his or their deputy or deputies, his, her, or their debenture, by which he, fhe, or they was or were entitled during the life on lives of fuch nominee or nominees to receive any annuity or annuities as aforefaid, in cafe fuch debenture be in his, her, or their hands or power ; and in default thereof fuch fubferiber or fubferibers, his, her, and their executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, fhall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds, to be recovered by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information in manner as aforefaid, and to be paid and received to the ufe of any perfon who fhall fue for the fame.

XIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid for the better encouraging perfons to advance the faid fum, not exceeding the faid lum of two hundred and fixty five thoufand pounds, upon the terms aforefaid, that all receipts and ifTucs, and all other things dire&ed by this a& to be performed in the office of the vice treafurer or vice treafurers, paymafter or receiver general, his or their deputy or deputies, fhall be done and performed by the officers there without demanding or receiving dire6tly or indiredly any fee, gratuity, or reward for the fame.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe the vice treafurer or vice treafurers, paymafter or receiver general, his or their deputy or deputies, fhall make payment of any annuity or annuities as aforefaid, upon fuch certificate, as is before dire&ed, fuch officer fhall not incur any penalty, forfeiture, or dif-ability, or be liable to any action of the fubferibers for doing thereof, though the faid certificate be forged or falfe, or the faid nominee be dead, unlefs the faid officer did knovr at the time of fuch payment, that the faid nominee was dead, or that the faid certificate was forged or falfe.

XV.	And be it further enadled by the authority afore* faid. That all and every perfon and perfons refiding in the kingdom of Ireland, who fhall fubferibe one or more hundred pounds towards railing the faid fum, not exceeding the fttm of two hundred and fixty five thoufand pounds, fhall gt or before the time of nominating the life or lives, during

I	which

v*

Digitized by

Google

The thirteenth andfourteenth Tears of George III.

“which he, (he, or they (hall be inti’tled to receive fuch annual interefl with benefit of furvivorihip as aforefaid, make oath (or being a quaker, folemn affirmation) before fome juftice of the peace of the county, or county of the city, or county of the town, where fuch perfon or perfons fo nominated (hall refide, to the following effed:

/ A. B. do fwear, that to the lejl of my heUef C. D. of oat^»as to

the parijb of town of

fon or daughter of Irving iu the parijb of

the town of

in the county of	C	P^011*

or county of the city or county of the {as the cafe Jhall he) now livingy or lately in the county of or county of the city or county of the perfon nominated by me for whofe life I have fulferibed the fum of one hundred pounds (or* any greater fum as the cafe Jhall he) is under the age of twenty years, or is of the age of twenty and under the age of forty years, or is of the age of forty years and upwards (as the cafe Jhall be) :

And if any fubferiber (hall nominate his or her own life, f ,°rat^. w^icre. fuch fubferiber (hall make oath or folemn affirmation before natc^hi^awn11^ any juftice of the peace of the county, or county of the life, &c. a city, or county of the town, where fuch fubferiber (hall re- herein, fide, to the effed aforefaid, concerning his or her age refpec-tiveljr; which oath or affirmation, attefted by two or more credible witnefles, (hall be delivered to the vice treafurer or vice treafurers, paymafter or receiver general, his or their deputy or deputies, for the time being, to be by him or them filed in the office of the faid vice treafurer or vice treafurers, paymafter or receiver general, his or their deputy or deputies, before any debenture of debentures (hall be iflued to fuch fubferiber or fubferibers ; and if any fuch fubferiber or fubferibers (hall not be refident within this kingdom, an affidavit to the like effed, to be made before the principal magiftrate or magiftrates of the place where the perfons fo making the fame refide, and to be attefted by two or more credible witnefles, (hall be delivered to the faid vice treafurer or vice treafurers, paymafter or receiver general, his or their deputy or deputies for the time being, to be by him or them filed in the faid vice treafurer or vice treafurers office, before any debenture or debentures (hall be iflued to fuch fubferiber or fubferibers.

XVI. And be it further enaded by the authority afore- surpiiM duties faid, That the furplus or exceedings of the aids and duties by 13 and 14 granted to your Majefty by an ad pafled in this feflion, en- 0; 3-c *•. aP* titled. An aft for granting unto his Majcjly the fevered dutiesy rates, tmpojitionsy and taxes therein particularly exprejfedy to he applied to pay an interejl at t/sc rate offour per cent, per annum,

M

*G&o£

io	72* thirteenth andfourteenth Tears o/*GeOrge III.

A. IX	for fuch part of the faidfcveral principal fonts formerly borrow

1773-4.	ed asJkaH remain unpaid 00 the twenty fifth day of December,

one thoufand/even hundred and feventy three, and to apply tie furplus of feud duties in fuch manner and for fuch purpofes as JhaU de direded by ParKament, over and above what (ball be fufficieot to dilcharge the interdl therein mentioned and provided for, or fo much of fuch furplus or exceeding*, at ,	{hall be for that purpofe neceflary, (hall be applied towards

the payment of the feveral annuities to be granted to the federal fubfcTibers, who (hall advance the faid fum not exceeding the fum of two hundred and fixty five thousand pounds* loool. of r©. *** any part thereof as aforefiaid; and out of the refidue a fum fldue paid to of five thoufand pounds yearly (hall be paid by half yearly Dublin Society, payments to the Dublin Society for the encouragement of *c*	trade, agriculture, and manufa&tires in this kingdom, and

the remaining furplus, if any, to be at the difpofel of Parliament.

Fees on faid XVII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-*65,0001. and faid. That neither the fix pence per pound, nor any other fee* payment of an- foal! be payable to or be deducted or received by the vice trea«> ed for* aCC°iml" ^urcr or treafurers, receiver or paymafter general, clerk of the pells, or any other officer or officers of this kingdom for or on account of the faid fum of two hundred and fixty five thoufand pounds, to be raifed by life annuities with benefit of furvivorfhip as aforefaid, or for or on account of the payment of any of the faid annuities; but that all fuch fees, as fhall arife upon the ifluing of the faid fum of two hundred and fixty five thoufand pounds, or any part thereof, or upon any payment to be made thereout, (hall be duly accounted for and paid to his Majelly, his heirs and fuc-ceffors.

CHAP. VII.

An A3 to explain and amend an A3 paffed in this Sejfion of Parliament, entitled, An /:3 for granting Annuities in the Manner therein provided to fuch Perfons as fhall voluntarily fubferibe towards the raifing a fum not exceeding the Sum of Two Hundred and Sixty Five Thoufand Pounds.

Annuities pay- T7C7HEREAS the annuities payable by an aft, entitled, able by c. 5. f. V f An a3 for granting annuities in the manner therein 1 to vice trea- provided to fuch Perfons as fhall voluntarily fubferibe towards rers, See. tj)g raifing a fum not exceeding the fum of two hundred and ive thoufand pounds, are to be paid by the hands of the vice treafurer or vice treafurers, paymaftfr or receiver, his or Oibfcribers in ^ie*r deputy or deputies: and whereas it hath been found Q. Britain dif- fince the paffing of the faida&, that feveral perfons in Great couragc4by the Britain have been difeouraged from fubferibiog on account

of

Digitized by CjOOQIc

11

The thirteenth and fourteenth Yean of George III.’ of the trouble and expcnce, which may be occafioned by A, D. obtaining remittances of their* annuities to Great Britain :	I773'4*

to remove this difeouragement, and to place the fubferibers Chap. 7. in Great Britain and Ireland upon an equal footing, be it '— enaded by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with remittance, flee, the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal M crcm‘ and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being, from time to time to appoint one or more perfon or perrons to pay in the city of London the annuities mentioned in the laid ad according to rate, that money is current for in Ireland, for fuch fums as have been or (nail be fubferibed, and for which the perfon in titled to receive laid annuity (hall at the time of compleating his fubfeription declare his intention of receiving his faid annuity in the city of London, which faid annuities (hall be paid without any dedu&ion, abatement, or charge whatsoever either for exchange or other-wife.

II.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That

the vice treafurcr or vice treasurers, paymafter or receiver ge- payment in neral, his or their deputy or deputies, (hall from time to London withr time out of the duties, rates, impofitions, and taxes granted out charge, by an ad pa (Ted this feflion of Parliament for the payment among other things of the faid annuities, remit to the perfon or perfons fo appointed as aforefaid fums of money fufficient for the pundual and regular payment of the laid annuities in the city of London at the times mentioned in the laid ad without any charge, dedudion, or abatement whatfoever.

III.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That Eipence of

whatever expences (hall be incurred by fending or remitting	^

from time to time the faid feveral annuities from this king- tic*, &c.°D dom to the city of London, and the payment of the lame

there, (hall be charged upon the faid duties, rates, impofitions, and taxes granted by the faid lad mentioned ad of Parliament ; and that whatever profit (hall be made in the way of exchange by remitting the laid fums, or any of them, lhaU be brought to the credit of the nation.

IV.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That Miniver the perfon or perfons fo to be appointed as aforefaid may, curate’s certify whenever he or they (hall think proper to demand the lame, cateaf ihmuU require from the laid fubferiber or fubferibers in the city of

Loudon, his, her, or their executors, adminiilrators, or af-figns, unlcfs the nominee appear in perfon at the time of demanding the annuity, fuch certificate of the life of his, her, or their refpedive nominee, figned by the minifter, or in . his abfeuce by the curate of 'the pari(h, where fuch nominee

Digitized by v^ooQie

I*

A. D.

1773*4-

And yearly tranlmit account of payment#, time*, and period.

Firft payment of fubfeription enlarged to 31 March,

Continued

annually.

At to drawbacks on fpirits repealed, 21 and 22 G. 3. c. 1$. f. t.

Recital 14 and 15 C. a. c. 8. f. 42.

The thirteenth andfourteenth Tears of George lit. nee {hall be living, on the day when the half yearly payment {hall have become due, in the like manner as the vice treafurer or vice treafurers, paymafter or receiver general^ liis or their deputy or deputies, may do in cafes, w here the nominee {hall be refiding in the kingdom of Ireland; and the faid perfon or perfons fo to be appointed as aforefaid (hall from time to time by all lawful ways and means in hi? or their power examine touching the exiftence, and ufe his or their bed endeavours to difeover the deaths, of any of the nominees of the faid fubferibers in London, and {hall immediately after fuch difeovery communicate the fame to the office of his Majefty’s treafury in this kingdom;

V.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That fuch perfon or perfons, fo to be appointed as aforefaid, {hall once in every year tranfmit to the office of your Majefty’s treafury in this kingdom an account of all fuch annuities, as he or they {hall pay in purfuance of this aft, diltinguifhiDg the refpeftive times of payment, and the perfons to whom the fame have been paid.

VI.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the time for making the firft payment by any perfon, who {hall fubferibe or has fubfenbed towards raifing the faid fum, not exceeding the fum of two hundred and fixty five thou-fand pounds, {hall be enlarged to the thirty firft day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy four.

VII.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That this aft fhall continue until the twenty fifth day of December, which {hall be in the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy five, and no longer.

CHAP. VIII.

An Aft for continuing and amending feveral Laws now in force relating to His Majejly's Revenue, and for the more effectually preventing Frauds therein.

WHEREAS by an aft patted in this kingdom in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of King Charles the fecund, entitled, An aft for the fettling of the cx-cife or new impof upon his Majejly, his heirs and fuccejfors, according to the book of rates therein inferted, it is amongft other things enafted for the more regular and orderly putting in execution the faid aft, that there {hall be an office conftitu-ted and erefted in the city of Dublin, to be called and known by the name of the office of excife or new impoft, and to be managed and governed by commiffioners, not exceeding five in number, and alfo a furveyor, all to be appointed

The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George III.	15

by the lord lieutenant, lord deputy, or other chief gover-	,A. D.

nor or governors of Ireland for the time being, and to be	1773-4.

commiffioned under the great feal of this his Majefty’s realm 5 Chap. 8. which faid commiflioners, or any three or more of them,

{hall have power, and are thereby authorized from time to time with the approbation of the lord lieutenant, lord deputy, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, to choofe and appoint fuch fitting clerks, fcarchers, waiters, meflengers, and all other officers for the city, fuburbs, and liberties of Dublin, and the port of Dublin, and the feveral creeks and members thereof, as they may necefiarily have occafion to employ for the advantage of his Majefty’s fervice; and the fame again from time to time with the approbation aforefaid to difplace, and place others in their room, and to allow them, and every of them fuch yearly wages to be paid quarterly out of the receipts of the faid office, and other accidental rewards for their pains and fervices, 38 the faid commiflioners or the major part of them fhall think fit and reafonable, and as fhall be allowed and approved of by the lord deputy, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being as aforefaid ; and for all the other cities, counties, and parts of this kingdom, and the feveral creeks and members thereof, excepting the city, fuburbs, and liberties of Dublin, and the port of Dublin, and the creeks and members thereof, that the lord treafurer of Ireland for the time being fhall have power and is thereby authorized from time to time to choofe and appoint fuch fitting clerks, fearchers, waiters, and meflengers, as they may neccflarily haye occafion to employ for the advantage of his Majefty’s fervice; and the fame again from time to time to difplace, and place others in their room, and to allow them and every of them fuch yearly wages to be paid quarterly qut of the receipts of the faid office, and other accidental rewards for their pains and fervices, as the faid lord treafurer (hall think fit and reafonable, and as fhall be allowed and approved of by the lord deputy, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being as aforefaid ; and whereas by the faid aft it is likewife enafted, 14 and that all parilhes, parts, and places of the city and county C. 2. c. 8. f. 44, of the city of Dublin, and county of Dublin, and all and every the baronies, parts, and places of the fame, fhall be fubjeft to the rule and government of the faid office : and whereas it is by the faid aft likewife enafted, that the like office and offices, and fo many of them, and in them fuch and fo many fubordinate commiflioners, fub-commiflloncrs, pr coileftors, from time to time fhall be nominated and appointed in all or any of the counties in this realm, and in all other cities, towns, parts, and places thereof, as the (aid

fommiffionert

Digitized by

The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George 111. commiffioners or the major part of them, (hall from time to time think fitting, to be approved of by the lord lieutenant, lord deputy, or other chief governor or governors and privy council of Ireland for the time being, which faid commifn-oners, fubordinate commiffioners, fub-commiffioners, or colle&ors, fhall have for their feveral pains in and about the (aid bufindfes fuch reasonable fums of money allowed them by way of poundage or otherwife, as the lord lieutenant, lord deputy, or other chief governor or governors, and privy council of Ireland (hall think fit: and whereas the lord treafurer of Ireland hath generally rtfided out of this kingdom, by means whereof all clerks, Searchers, waiters, meffengers, or other officers, fo to be chofen and appointed by him, have been conftantly chofen and appointed by the chief commiffioners of excifc of this kingdom : and whereas the Subordinate commiffioners, fub-commiffioners, and col-ledtorg of excife, fo to be approved of by the lord lieutenant, lord deputy, or other chief governor or governors, and privy council a3 aforefaid, have been for many years lafl paft appointed and have a&ed without the approbation of the faid privy council, by which the legality of fuch appointments may be called in queftion: and whereas the quellioning fuch appointment may be produdtive of many inconveniences to the revenue and to the publick : and whereas the appointments by the lord treafurer, and the approbation by the privy council, have been found inexpedient : therefore, to obviate and remove all queftions which have arifen, or may at any time hereafter arife touching the legality of fuch appointments, and the authority of the feveral officers who have adfed, or who continue to adt under them, and to eflablifh for the future the courfe and pradiice which have prevailed, and for many years paft have been found convenient, be it enadted by the King's mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all appointments of fubordinate commiffioners, fub-commiffioners, colledtors, clerks, fearchers, waiters, meffengers, and other officers in the excife, heretofore made or to be made on or before the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy four, by the chief commiffioners of His Majefly's excife, or any three of them, and all judgments, orders, feizures, adts, and things given, made, or done, or to be made or done, by the faid fubordinate commiffioners, fub-commiffioners, colledWs, clerks, fearchers, waiters, meffengers, and other officers, fhall be valid, good, and effedhial in law notwithftanding any informality, inftiffiriency, or defedt in the appointment of

fuck

Appoinc-

ht MrtMth &rdfourteenth Tturs t>f George lit. lueh fubordinate commiffioners, fub-commilfioners, collee-tore, clerks, feanchers, waiters, mdTengere, and other officers, as fully as the fame would have been, if there had been no fuch informality, infuflidency, Ot defed in fucb appointment, and no further.

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, __________

That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one menuorexcife thoufand fcven hundred and feventy four, all and every the officers (hall be fubordinate commiffioners, fub-commilfioners, collectors,

clerks, fearchers, waiters, meflengers, and other officers in ™'y glider the excife hereafter to be appointed, and all appointments hand aud feal, of the laid officers hereafter to be made, (hall be by the with c. gover-chief Commiffioners of excife, or any three or more of them, aPPro^* under their hands and feals with the approbation of the lord lieutenant, lord deputy, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being; and the faid commiffioners, or any three of them, with the approbation of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors ' for the time being, (hall have full power to difplaoe the faid officers or any of them from time to time, and place others In their room, and to allow them and every of them fuch	,

feveral yearly wages, to be paid them quarterly out of the receipts of the faid office, and other accidental rewards for their pains and fervices, as they (hall think fit, to be alfo paid them out of the receipts ot the faid office; fuch officers to to be appointed to be admitted and fworn into their re-fpc6Uve offices as heretofore, and to have the fame powers and authorities, and to be fubjeCt to the fame forfeitures, ^^anld pe-penalties, fufpenfions, removes, and regulations, in all naWcn m by >4 other refpedts, as is and are provided by the (aid ad, or any and <5 C. a. c. other ad or ads of Parliament relating to fuch officers re-fpedtively.

III.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore- To have *1-faid, That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of

June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy four, the faid ^herwfrc as by commiffioners, fubordinate commiffioners, fub-com million- C. governor, ere, or collcdor8, (hall have for their feveral pains in and	*

about the faid bufineffes fuch reafonable fums of money allowed them by way of poundage or otherwife, as the lord lieutenant, lord deputy, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being (hall think fit,

IV.	And whereas the officers of his Majefty's revenue in ajj m

the due execution of their duty have been frequently ob- trates, tUF. (hall ftruded, and violently aflaulted and wounded, to the hazard aflift vvenue and fometimes to the lofs of their lives, in defiance of the °®fcrs j® cxc~ Jaw8 of the realm,, to the terror of his Majefty’s fubjefts, and the breach and dilturbance of the publick peace; and nue ad. whereas it is expedient and abfolutely neceflary effe&ually to execute the powers intended to be given by the laws now

in

Hot ufed by •fficer under furrtyor, &c.

Revenue officers oraffiftants xiay plead general iltue, fee.

Metal plates numbered, and delivered to

The thirteenth andfourteenth Yean of George III.

In force, and to prevent the fa id recited evils in future y therefore, and for the better fecuring and protefting the trade and collefting the revenues of this realm, be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy four, all juftices of the,peace, mayors, fheriffs, portrieves, bailiffs, fovereigns, conftables, headboroughs, and all the King’s Majefty’s officers, minifters, and fubjefts whatfoever, ferving under his Majefly by commiflion, warrant, or other-wife, (hall be aiding and affifting to all and every perfon and perfons, who are or (hall be appointed to manage or colleft fiis revenues, and the officers of thofe revenues refpeftively, and their refpeftive deputies, in the due execution of all and every aft and thing required and enjoined by this or any a£l or afts of Parliament made in this kingdom relative to the revenue of the fame; and all fuch perfons, as fhall be aiding and affifting unto them in the due execution thereof, fhall be defended and fayed harmlefs by virtue of this aft ; and the proper officers of his Majefty’s court of Exchequer in Ireland are hereby authorized, upon application made to them by any known folicitor of his Majefty’s revenues, or any of them refpeftively, upon hi§ producing an order, figned by the chief commiflioners of his Majefty’s revenuet qr any three or more of them, to IfTue writs of affiftants unr dcr the feal of his Majefty’s court of Exchequer to authorize the officers of his Majefty’s revenues to require andde-r jnand the aid ^nd affiftance of his Majefty’s officers, and all other perfons as herein before mentioned.

V. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid writs of affiftance fhall never be made ufe of by any officer under the degree of a furveyor, unlefs fuch officer fhall have a written order, figned by fome fuperior officer of the revenue of the degree at leaft of a fur-, veyor.

VI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That if any aftion, indiftmfnt, fuit, or other profe-. cution fhall be brought or commenced againft any officer of officers of the faid revenues, or any of them, or any other perfon or perfons acting iu their aid or affiftance ip purfu-ance of this aft, or any other aft made in this kingdom relative to the revenues thereof, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch officer or perfon fo profecuted to plead the general iflue, and to give this or fuch other afts and the fpecial matter iq evidence in any of his Majefty’s courts of juftice, or other courts where fuch fuits or profecution fhall be depending ; and the judges of the faid courts arc hereby required to admit the fame.

VII.	And whereas the duties upon carriages have not been cffeftually or properly collefted: be it cnafted by the

authority

Tie thirteenth andfourteenth Tears of Ccpt^e IIL

*!

authority aforefaid, that fmall pieces or plates of brals or A. D* other metal (ball be prepared by the dire&ion of the chief	1773-4.

pomtnifEoners of bis Majtrty's revenue, or any three ojr more	Chap*

of them, numbered in arithmetical prpgreffion, beginning ttith number one, with fueh mark or marks thereupon, as pcrfwu certify* the faid commiflionere (hall think proper, to diftinguirh and *n* identify the feme; and that a fufficient number of the {aid Crania plates, fo marked aud numbered as aforefaid, lhall be fent to ■ #— the coHe&or of every diitrict in this kingdom p> be by him delivered out to every perfon, who has certified or lhall ctr* tify any coach, chariot, berliu, calalh, or chaife upon four wheels, or chaife with two wheels, pqrfuant to an ad made in this kingdom this feflion of Parliament, intituled, An 08 for granting unto hit AJajeJly a duty on beer, ale, Jlrong watery wine, tobacco, hides, and other goods} and mcrchandixes therein mentioned\ and for prohibiting the importation of all gold and Jdver lace, and of all camhrtcks and lawns, except of the nur ptfaQure of Great Britain ; and alfo pursuant to a further ad made im this kingdom this feflion of Parliament, inti* tulcd. An *8 for granting unto hit Majejly the fiveral du-ties, rates, imfxfitiom, and taxes therein particularly txpreffed^ to he applied to pay an interejl at the rate of four per pentuip per annum, for fucb part of the fevcralprincipal fums formerly borrowed at Jbfdl remain unpaid on the twentyffih day qf December one tboufatfd /even hundred and feventy three, and tq apply the furplus of the fold duties in fuch manner, and for fueh purpofes as Jball be aireded by Parliament ; which plate lhall be fixed upon the tranfom of every fuch coach, chariot, berlin, calafii, or chaife.

* VIII. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, Want of f*eh That if any fuch coaph, chariot, berlin, calafh, or chaife, Platc evidence Ml froo? “ft'1- the twenty fourth 4»y of June next be	owner

found, except hackney ot ftage carriages, and carriages kept limbic a* bj (^4 by coach makers for fsle, and hackney chaifcs, and chaife*	bnUu

with two wheels, kept by the makers for fale, without fuch P.roVDh plate Jo fixed as aforefaid, the wspit of fuch plate fo fixed as afbrefaid (hall be deemed fufficient evidence that fuch coach^

Chariot, berlin, calafh, and chaife upon four wheels, and chaife with two wheels, has not beep certified, as is required, by the (aid ad; and every owner of fuch coach, chariot, berlin, calafh, or chaife, (toll without further evidence be ftabie to the penalties infiided by the (aid ads upon any perfon, who (hall peglc& to certify in the manner directed by the faid ads, tq be recovered as by the (aid ad 3 are dire died, unlefs fuch owner (hall prove, that fuch coach had been duly certified purfuant to the faid ads parted this feflion of Parliament, and that fuch plate as. afqyefaid had been fixed thereupon porftnu# to this ad.

Vot. vt	a	nt,	An*

-- Digitized by*

Google

A. D;

1773-4-

Chap. 8*

Commtffconer of excite may determine complaint', and di-red penalties, die.

No difUller to alter poGtion of back or cooler without aotice, penalty

5h

DiftiUers, to prevent frauds. Sec. permits fhall cx-prefs chriftian and firname, and refidence of conGgnec, Sec.

The thirteenth anti fourteenth Tears of George III

IX.	And whereas the feveral laws, heretofore made to prevent frauds in his Majefty’s revenue of cuftoms and excife, have proved ineffectual to anfwer the purpofes thereby intended by reafon of many fecret, dandeftine, and other pernicious pra&ices made ule of to evade the fame; be it enaCted by the authority aforesaid, that from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy four, it (hall and may be lawful for any one or more of the chief commiflionere of excite to hear and determine all complaints, that (hall be made againft any perfon or perfons, who (hall fell any wine, cyder, beer, or ale by retail without licence firft had and obtained for the felling thereof, and to order and dired to be levied all forfeitures, fines, and penalties, that (hall or may be incurred by any perfon or perfons for doing thereof without bcence as aforefaid, in the fame manner, and as effedually to all intents, conftrudions, and purpofes, as any three or more of the faid chief commiffi-oners of excife are now impowered by law to do, with the like remedy of appeal to and for the party or parties who (hall think him, her, or themfelves aggrieved or injured, as hereafter is mentioned.

X.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore-{aid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy four, no common diftiller of fpirits for fale (hall alter or permit, or fuffer the fituation, pofition, or dipping place of any back or cooler, by him or her made ufe of, to be altered, after the (kmc has been fixed by the proper officer, without firft giving notice thereof in writing to the furveyor, or other officer'of excite of the diftrid or divifton, wherein he or (he (hall refide, under the penalty of five pounds (terling for every fuch offence, the fame to be recovered and levied in manner herein after mentioned.

XI.	And whereas many frauds have been pradifed in tht carriage of fpirits and ftrong waters from places, where

. they were diftilled, to the place or places where the fame were intended to be fent, or alledged to be fent: for remedy whereof, be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy four, all permits or let paffes for the carriage of fpirits or ftrong waters from one place to another (hall exprefs the chriftian and firname of the perfon or pci fons, to whom the fame (hall be fent or configned, and the place of his or their refidence ; and the fpirits, or ftrong waters, mentioned iu fuch permit or let pafe, (hall be delivered as direded in fuch permit or let pals, and at no other place or places whatfoever; and if fuch fpirits or ftrong waters (hall be delivered to any other perfon, except the perfon or perfons mentioned in fuch permit or let pafs, or his or their

known

Digitized by v^ooQle

The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George III	*9

known fervants, or at any other place or places than thofc mentioned in fuch permit or let pafs, or if afterwards car- I773“4# ried from the place of the firft delivery to ady other place Chap. 8. without renewal of the permit, then, and in either of the faid cafes, the fpirits or ftrong waters, and the calk and vef-fei in which the fame are contained, (hall be forfeited, in the fame manner as if no permit had been at any time granted for the fame.

XII.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore- DiMlm _ faid, That from and after the faid twenty fourth day °f by t commifli-June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy four, no perfon 0ncr, or perfons whatfoever (hall have or keep in his, her, or their in market cuftody or pofTeflion, or fhali make ufe of, any Rill, black-pot, alembeck, or other veffel, for making or diftilling of any £ aj‘	*

fpirits or ftrong waters, before he or lhe fhali be licenced giftered before thereunto by one or more of the chief commillioners of at work, ftc. his Majeity’e revenue of excife, and fhali, before the fameas herein, be fet at work, be entered and regiftered in the office of excife of the diftrilt, wherein fuch ftill, blackpot, alembeck, or other veflel is intended to be fet at work, which entry or regiftry fhali contain the chriftian and fumame of the perfon, to whom fuch ftill, blackpot, alembeck, or other vef-fel fhali belong, and the true contents of the fame, and the place where fuch ftill, blackpot, alembeck, or other veflel is fixed or intended to be fixed, and the day of the month and year when fuch regiftry is made; and the officer of excife fhali thereupon grant a certificate thereof to the per-	f

fon or perfons making an entry of the fame; and if any ftill, blackpot, alembeck, or other veflel ufed for making or diftilling of fpirits, or ftrong waters, fhali after the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy four, be found or difeovered in the houfe or pof-feffion of any perfon or perfons (other than and except a brafier, or other manufacturer in metal) not entered or re-giftered in manner aforefaid, then every fuch ftill, blackpot or alembeck, or other veflel, ufed for making or dif-tilling of fpirits or ftiong waters, (hall be forfeited and feized ; and all the wa(h and pot ale, which (hall be found therein, (hall be fpilled; and all low wines and ftrong waters, which (hall be found therein, (hall likewife be forfeited.

XIII.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained Idecnlcd ftiUg (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to fuch (tills, black-pots, or alembecks of the dime.ifion of twelve gallons under, as have been or (hall be licenced by the commiffioners of his Majcfty’s revenue of excife, or any three or more of them, for the purpofe of di(tilling certain waters commonly called medicinal waters, or for making experiments and dil-

B a	covcritc

DigittzeiTby Cj!

A. D.

JSft

8 G. 3. c.

td	fbe thirteenth and fourteenth Ttan of George III.

eoveries in natural philofophy, any thing herein Contained to the contrary notwithflanding.

XIV.	And whereas by an aft made in the eighth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, entitled. An aft for the further improvement of hu Majefty's revenue, and for continuing and amending feveral aft* therein particularly mentioned, It is amongff other things enaded, that there (hall be payable to his Majefly, his heirs and fucceflors, for every licence to be granted for felling aquavit® or any kind of ftrong waten or lpirits whatfoever by retail in the city of Dubfin, and within four miles of the TUolfel of the faid city, as well within the franchifes and liberties as without, fuch fura as (hall be agreed to be paid for fuch licence purfuant to the diredions of an aft of the feventcenth and eighteenth of Charles the fecond, in the faid ad recited, fo as none do pay lefs than the fum of fix pounds yearly, and none be compelled to pay more than ten pounds yearly ; and where* as it has been found by experience, that in many inftances the ium of fix pounds is a greater fum, than feveral perfpn^ applying for licences can afford to pay, which has confident bly dimmifhed his Majelly’s revenue : therefore be it enad-Cotnmiflior- ed by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the paf-cr» way granQf this ad, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Jjririts, &c.	chief commiffioners of excife, or the n^ajor part of them,

notwithftandiog to iflue and grant licences for the felling of fpirits and ilrong *	waters by retail in the city of Dublin, and within four miles

of the Tholfel of the faid city, for fuch fum as they ili their diferetion (hall think fitting and reafonable under the circumftances of the cafe, fo as no licence be granted for a lefs fum than three pounds yearly ; nor a greater fum required or taken than ten pounds yearly ; the fajd recited ad or any other law to the contrary notwithftanding.

XV,	And be it further enaded. by the authority afore* faid, That if any perfon or perfons fhall from and alter tbfc faid twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-four, fell any wine, brandy, or fpirits of any kind whatfoever by retail in any houfe, ffiop, or room, or at any fair, affixes, or feffions, or other place whatfoever^ without a licence or licences firtl had and obtained for the felling thereof; the perfon or perfons fo offending therein (hall for every offence by him or he. committed contrary to the true intent and meaning of this ad forfeit a ftun not ex* ceeding the fum of five pounds, over and above all other penalties payable for the like offence by any law or laws now in force in this kingdom.

Magtffrates	XVI. And to prevent the inconveniencies, that may arife

fr0"1 ^agiftrates granting certificates partially or corruptly, lifted from * * he it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That from and

8 G. 3. c. 37* i*. Q or Other law.

Retailing Wine, Stc. without licence 3L Ac*

granting certificates, &C*

ter the twenty-fourth day of June,

pne thoufand feven hunt dred

*The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George Til.

<Jrc3 and feventy-four, all magiftrates, who ufually fell beer, ale, or ftrong waters in cities, counties of cities, boroughs, counties of towns, or towns corporate, (hall be difqualified from granting certificates to entitle any perfon or perfons to obtain licences for the felling or retailing of the fame ; and that any magiftrate, who (hall take, or knowingly fuffer to be taken, any fee or reward for granting a certificate to any perfon or perfons to obtain a licence for felling beer, ale, wine, or ftrong waters, (hall for every fuch offence upon being convicted thereof forfeit the fum of fifty pounds one moiety to his Majefty, and the other n^oiety to the ini»

Former.

XVII.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore-faid, That from and after the laid twenty-fourth day of June, jonipq^errisf there mall be no duty whatfoever paid to hja Majefty, his **• heirs and fucccffors, for or on account of any juniper berries, or any oil extraded from juniper berries, imported into this kingdom.

^ XVIII. And for the better encouragement pf the mak-	qq

ing of oil of vitriol and aquafortis in thiskingdom for the ufe import of briny of the linen manufadure, be it enaded by the authority ftonc,*&c aforefaid. That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June next, where any perfon (hall import crude brimftoneor fekpetre, and (hall make ufe of the fame in extra&ing therefrom oil of vitriol or aquafortis for the ufe of the linen manufacture qf this kingdom, fuch perfon (hall be entitled to receive, and the cotledor of the port or diftrid within which fuch crude brimftone and faltpetre (hall have been imported,

(hall repay to fuch perfon, all fuch duties as have been paid by him on the importation thereof, on his making it appear by affidavit to fuch collector that fuch crude brimftone and faltpetre have been ufed in making vitriol or aquafortis, and that fuch vitriol or aquafortis have been made ufe of, fold, or difpofed of by him for the ufe of the linen manufacture of this kingdom, and for no other purpofe.

XIX.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore- 33 o. s. a find. That an ad made in the thirty-third year of the reign to.	*

of his late Majefty King George the fecond, entitled. An a8 for the better regulating the colleBion of bis Maqejifs revenue, and for preventing of frauds therein, and for repealing an aft yiade the then lajl Jeflion of Parliament, entitled. An aft for continuing and amending feveral laws heretofore made relating to his Majeffs revenue, and for the more cffcBual preventing of frauds m bis Jftajejlfs cufloms and exetfe, qndthe feveral aB: and Jlatutes which are mentioned in the favd aB, and continued there- t © * cj by, and alfo one other ad made in the fecond year of his	^

prefent Majority's reign, entitled, An aB for continuing and amending an aB, entitled, An aB for the better regulating the colleSion of his Mayeffs revenue, and for preventing of frauds therm, and for repealing an aB made the then

4

No dutyftf

Digitized by

Google

9*

The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of Gcogc III.

A. D.

2 773'4-Chap. 8.

3 G. 3. c. 11.

5 O. 3. c.

*5.

lafi fejfmn of Parliament, entitled, yfn a8 for continuing and amending federal laws heretofore made relating to his Majefly's revenue, and for the more effedual preventing of frauds in h 'u Majejly's cujloms and excife, and toe fevered ads and Jiatutcs which i re mentioned in the faid ad and continued thereby, and alfo one other aft made in the third year of his prefent Ma-jefty’s reign, entitled, An ad for continuing and amending two feveral ads of Parliament therein mentioned, and for the more effedual preventing of frauds in his Majejly's eufloms and excife, and for other purpofes therein mentioned, and alfo one other aft made in the fifth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, entitled, An ad for continuing and amending feveral laws relating to his Majejly's revenue, and for the more effedual preventing of frauds therein, and for other purpofes therein mentioned, and alfo one other aft made in the feventh year of his

^ c prefent Majeftv’s reign, entitled, An ad for the further im-^v\	provement of nis Majejly's revenue, and for continuing and

C. 3. c. •),	amending feveral ads therein particular^ mentioned, and alfo one

fave as alter- other aft made in the eleventh and twelfth years of his pre-#c*» ** conti* fent Majefly’s reign, entitled, An ad for the further improve-J	ment of his Majefiy's revenue, and the more effedual pre-

30. artd annually venting of frauds therein, and for continuing and amending fc-and to 24 Jane veral laws heretofore made and now in force relative to his Ma-^787, by 26.	jelly's faid revenue, and all and every the claufes therein re-

* *# c* * * fpeftively contained (except fuch parts thereof as arc altered, repealed, or amended by this prefent aft, or by any or either of the faid recited afts) {hall continue and be in force for the fpace of two years from the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-four, and from thence to the end of the then next fefiion of Parliament, and no longer.

All penalties XX. And be it further enafted by the authority afore-k.7’^ aP~ faid, That all and every the fines, penalties, and forfeitures, and is'c.^a V	by	this	aft	or by the faid feveral afts of Parliament

8.	herein before laft particularly mentioned or recited, or by

any of them (other than and except fuch as by this aft, or by any of the faid recited afts of Parliament herein before laft mentioned are otherwife provided for) fiiall and may be fued for, recovered, levied, and applied in fuch manner and form, and by fuch ways and means, and with fuch powers and authorities, as are prescribed, direfted, and appointed iu and by an aft of Parliament made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of King Charles the fecond, entitled, An ad for fettling the excife or new impofl upon his Ma* jefty, his heirs and fucceffors, according to the booh of rates therein inferted, as fully and effeftually to all intents, con-' • ftruftions, and purpofes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned and expreffed and re-enafted in the body of this prtlcnt aft, with the like remedy of appeal to and for the

party

The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George ITT.	23

party or parties, ho (hall think him, her, or . themfclves	A. D.

aggrieved or injured, as in and by the feid ad of cxcife n	1773-4.

XXI.	Provided always, and be it enaded by the autho- Continued } rity aforefaid, That this ad and the feveral provifions hereby made, (hall continue and be in force for the fpace of two years from the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufend fe-ven hundred and feventy-four, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of Parliament, and no longer; except fuch parts of the feme as relate to the making good and eftedual the appointments of fuch fub-commifiioners, cdl-ledors, clerks, fearchers, waiters, mefiengers, and other officers in the excife, heretofore made by the chief commif-fioners of his Majefty’s cxcife, or any of them, and all ads and things done by the faid officers, or any of them ; and feve and except what relates to the future appointment of the faid officers of excife, or any of them, and to their fe-laries, and other accidental rewards for their pains and fer-viccs, and all ads and things to be done by them, or any of them; which feid feveral parts of this ad fo excepted as aforefeid (hall be perpetual.

CHAP. XII.

An A3 for continuing and amending three feveral Ads, oni faffed in the Reign of bis late Majejly King George the Second, and the other two in his prefent Majefy’s Reign, for snaking the River Lagan navigable, and opening a Communication by Water between Loughneagh and the Town of Belfaf; and for enabling the Commiffioners therein named) to raife Money by Ajffignment of faid Duties for the more expeditious and effectual carrying on faid Work.

WHEREAS by an ad palled in the twenty-feventh Amended

year of the reign of his late Majefty King George 19 and ao G. 3# the fecond of glorious memory, certain duties, rates, and c. 3a. impofitions were granted to his feid late Majefty King George the fecond for the ufe of the corporation for promoting and carrying on an inland navigation in Ireland, to be by them laid out and expended in making the river Lagan navigable, and opening a paffage by water between Loughneagh and the town of Belfeft in the county of Antrim ; and the feid ad was afterwards continued and amended by an ad palled in the third year of his prefent moft gracious Majefty George the third, and both feid ads were by an ad pa{fed in the eleventh and twelfth years of his prefent Majefty’s reign continued for nine years from the twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy three \ and by.tjie laid ad the local commiffioners for laid navigation

*4

A. T). Chap.' i a-

t)M ic» by ** O. i c. 3. continueJ 3* year* Ac. excepted in 3 G.

thirteenth andfm&leenth Yea** tf George If 1.

In order to expedite the finifhing of faid work are enabled to rake money by alignment of the (aid duties for the faid term of nine years ; but from the (bortnefs of faid term it i» forrad, that money fafficient to anfwer faid purpofes cannot be obtained or borrowed upon any affignfhent of the (aid duties dvffag fueh term; and it therefore becomes Beceflary to anfwer the intention of the faid ad, to enlarge the faid tefm, in order thereby to enable the faid commiflioncrs to borrow money for compleating in a fbort time the feid navv gation; and the inhabitants liable to faid duties (that is to lay) the federal inhabitants of that part of the diftrid of iJiburn, commonly know n and difUnguifhed by the gauger's walks of Betfaft, JLifburn, Moira, and HilUbofough, are willing and defirous, that the faid duties (hall be continued for a term of forty one years, (ubjc& however to a provifo or condition for difconlinuing or determining the fame at ibon as faid navigation (hall be compleated, and the expcnces thereof paid off; be it enaded by the King’s irtoft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpi-fitual and temporal and commons m this prefent Parliament mTernblcd, and by the authority of the fame, That the fe« rcral duties and impofitu-ns in and by the faid firft mentioned ad granted to His laid Majefty George the fecond, and chargeable in the manner therein mentioned, be further granted and continued, raifed, levied, and paid unto his Majefty, bis heirs and focceflors, for the term of thirty two years from the twenty fifth day of December, one thoofand feven hundred and eighty two, and no longer, in and throughout that part of the drftrid of Lrifbum, commonly known and dif* tinguifhed by the ganger’s walks of BeHiift, Lifbum, Morra* tadHiHfborough, including fuch parts or parcels of the manors of Hiillboroogh, Kflwarlin, Caftlereagh, and Slot-neats, as were contained in the faid ad of the twenty feventh year of the reign of his late Majefty King George the fecood of glorious memory, but caoepted in the ad of the third year of his prtfent moft gracious Majefty George the third | and that aft faid additional duties fhall be levied and cotiedsdf in the manner, and by fuch ways and means, as the fame are appointed to be levied and cofle&ed by the faid ad of the twenty feventh year of the reign of his late Majefty % and the laid ad, and alfo the faid ads of the third, and of the eleventh and twelfth, of his prefent Majefty, and every claufe or article in faid ads or any of them, fave in fuch particulars or refpeds as the fame may be altered by this prefent ad, fhall remain and continue in full force for the faid fpace and term of thirty two years, from the faid twenty fifth day of December, one thou&ad feven hundred and eighty two.	*

II. A*4

*t%t thirteenth andfovtteetith Ycdti of Ceorge It I.

II.	And be it enacted by the authority afcrdaic}, That A. 1>.

the faid additional duties, as they (hall from time fo time *773*4\ be brought into the receipt of his	Exchequer,	Chap* 14.'

(hall be paid oyer without any tee or deau&ion by the vice-

treafurtlr or receiver-general of this kingdom upon An order or draught, to be figned by the following perfooa, who are by the commiflioners for promoting and carrying on an inland *c. Navigation in Ireland appointed to be local commiflioners for carrying on the faid navigation of the river Lagan (that it tc fay) the right honourable earl of Antrim, the nght honourable ear! of Donegal, right honourable earl of HuUborough, right honourable earl of Moira, right honourable earl of Hertford, right honourable eari of Maflcrenc, right honoufc* able earl of Charlemont, right honourable lord vifeount Gle-rawiy, right honourable lord Beauchamp* honourable Francis Caulfield, honourable Henry Conway, Hercules Langford Rowley, efquire, right reverend lord bifbop of Down, and Connor, lord Bangor, right honourable Willian Brown-low, Francis Brice, William Watts Gayer, reverend Jamea Dixon, dean of Down, William Montgomery, Samuel War* log, reverend Thpmas Waring, reverend Trever Bcnfonr reverend Charles Smyth, Jofcph Henry efquire, right honourable James Fortefcue, Morgan Jdjett, John O'Dell efquire*

Thomas Oregg, Stewart Banks, George Portia, the fove-reign and parifti miniftcr of the town of Belfast, Samuel Smith, and alfo the perions following, who are hereby appointed local commiflioners for faid navigation (that is to fay) Waddell Cunningham, Valentine Jones, George Black*

John Holms, Henry joy, Robert Thoropfon, or to be Ggned by any (even of them, or by any feven of the perfons who lhay hereafter be chofen or appointed in their room, or in the room of any of them, or who may by fubferibing one hundred pounds in the manner herein after mentioned become local commiflioners for carrying on the (aid navigation ; and that all the monies fo anting from faid additional duties (hall be laid out or expended by laid commiflioners, or their orderf in compicating the faid navigation now carrying on from Lilburn through Blair's to Spencer's Bridge, and from thence to Loughneag^h, and paying fuch money, and the intereit thereof as fhall be borrowed for that purpofe.

III,	And for the more effc&ual promoting and expediting 7 commja^, •he faid work, be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That ers may affiga the faid local commiflioners before named, or the pet Cons tolls, for pay. hereafter to be chofen and appointed lock commilliooers,

or any (even or more of them, are hereby impowered, from time to time, and at all times hereafter, to aflign over the laid duties, granted by the faid a&s, or by this prefent aft* and aHo all fuch tolls as fhall or may arife ftom the conveyance of any timber, goods, and merchandize through or along the faid navigation for the purpofe of fecuring the repayment

Digitized by Google

. The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George III. talent of any fum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the fum of ten thouland pounds, which they may be enabled to borrow, and the payment of the intereft thereof, in fuch manner and form as herein after mentioned and appointed, that is to fay, that the {aid local commiflioners, or any feven or more of them, or feven or more of the perfons to be hereafter chofen or appointed local commiflioners for faid navigation, ihall and may at all times hereafter at any of their dated or publick meetings by any inflrument or inftruments, writing or writings, in nature of debentures, or in fuch form as fhall be agreed upon, and approved of bv them, and the perfons advancing their money, under their refpe&ive hands and feals, to aflign over the faid duties and the laid tolls, or order or appoint the fame, or fo much thereof as fhall be fufficient for that purpofe, to be paid for any term or time during the continuance of this a& as a fecurity for any fum or turns of money to be borrowed by them for the purpofe aforefaid to fuch penon or perfons, or their truflees, as (hall advance and lend the lame, to the intent and purpofe that fuch perfon or perfons, or their truflees, or the executors, adminiftrators, or afligns of fuch perfon or perfons, or their truflees, (hall and may be paid or receive thereout fuch yearly intereft, not exceeding the legal intereft, as (hall be agreed upon by the faid commiflioners and the faid perfons for the fums fo to be advanced by them, from the time of advancing the fame unto the end and expiration of twenty years from the twenty fifth day of December, one thouland feven hundred and feventy three, and from thenceforth during the continuance of this a£t until they fhall be repaid their faid principal fum3; and that from and aft^cr the expiration of twenty years from the laid twenty fifth day of December, one thoufaud feven hundred and feventy three, fuch perfon or perfons, his, her, or their truflees, executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, (hall and may after the application of fo much of the faid tolls and duties, as (hall be neceflary to pay off and difeharge the intereft of all principal fums not exceeding in the whole the fum of ten thouland pounds, which (hall be due thereupon, out of the remainder of fuch tolls and duties be paid and receive the fum of fivehuudred pounds annually in addition to the yearly fum or fums which for faid term of twenty years will be neceflary to pay off the interelt of faid principal fums; but after faid term, as faid principal fums (hall be paid offr it is meant (hould go in aid of faid annual fum of five hundred pounds in difeharge of the principal fums due, and in acceleration of the payment thereof, fuch annual fum of five hundred pounds, and fuch yearly fums as by difeharge of any principal fums (hall not be wanting to pay the intereft thereof to be applied in difeharge of the principal fum or

fums

3

Digitized by

The thirteenth andfourteenth Tears of George 111.	if

fams remaining due to fuch perfon or perfons, their truftees, A* D* executors, adrainiftrators, or affigns, according to the pri- 1773-4-ority and order in which (aid principal Turns (hall have been Chap. 12-lent and advanced.	u,

IV.	Provided however, That nothing in this a8t con- Nat to prej»» tained (hall in any fort interfere with or prejudice the dc-

mands of any creditor or creditors, who may have advanced ^	,a

any Turn or Turns of money on any fecurity or fecuritie* granted purfuant to the faid ad of the eleventh and twelfth of his prefent Majefty.

V.	And for the better encouragement of the lending of Debentures money for the purpofes of this ad, and for the making a more booked in unclear, perfed, and certain fecurity to the perfon or perfons mer*c*lor^er> who (hall To advance their money, and for removing all *** doubts concerning the fame, be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That all fuch aflignments or debentures, which

(hall be executed and given as aforefaid for the fum or fums fo to be lent and advanced, (hall be regularly and carefully entered by the clerk or regifter of faid commiffioners in a book to be kept by him for that purpofe in numerical order according to the time and priority, in which the fame (hall have been executed and granted, and to which book all the faid creditors (hall at realonable times have accefs; and the 1 (aid clerk or regifter (hall indorfe upon each and every of the faid aflignments or debentures the number, according to which the lame (hall have been entered in (aid book, ana (hall fub-fcribe his name under fuch indorfement.

VI.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That Intereft paid the colle&or within the faid did rid, who (hall colled the

daid duties, and the treafurer to faid local commiffioners, into	**

whofe hand the faid tolls (hall be paid, (hall out of the firft of the faid duties and tolls, which (hall come refpedively into their hands, pay and difeharge half yearly, as the (kmc (hall become due, all intereft due to the faid creditors refpedively, according to and in fuch order as it (hall appear to fuch collcdor or treafurer from fuch indorfements on the faid aflignments or debentures, that the fame have been granted; and from and after the expiration of twenty years from the faid twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and (eventy three, until which time it is not hereby intended the faid commiffioners (hall be compelled to pay any part of (aid principal fums, next after the payment pf the intereft due to the faid creditors, that fuch collector, and treafurer, (hall pay and apply the fum of five hundred pounds yearly and every year out of the faid duties and tolls to the difeharge and payment of the principal fums, which (hall be then due and owing to the faid creditors, their cxen cutors, adrainiftrators or affigns, together with fo much of faid annual fums as daring faid term of twenty years arc,

to

Digitized by

Apply re-Jhaitukr to the tavigation.

lender of tool «local commiffioner, Ac. may appoint men to ad and MCA

The thirteenth stuffourteenth Terns of 'George HI. to be applied to the payment of the interelt of faid princi* pal fums, but afterwards, as faid principal fums (hall be dif-chargcd, wiH not be wanting for the payment of the intcr-eft thereof, according to a&d in the order aforementioned.

Vlf. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That fticb receipt# and acknowledgments, as fhall be given by the owners or holders pf the faid debentures for the payment of their intereft and principal fums in fuch order and manner 9§ aforefaid (hall be allowed by the treafurer or vice-trcafurerf of this kingdom, or by the laid commiffioners, as fufiicient vouchers or acquittances to fuch coHe&or or treafurer ip all accounts, which they fhall furnifh or fettle of or concerning the duties and toll? before mentioned.

VIH. And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid local commiffioners, or any feven or more of them, or the jperfons to be hereafter chofen and apix>inted local commiffioners, qr any feven or more of them, mail and may, if the fame fhall be found neceflary, for the fpace of twenty rears from the twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy three, after the payment of all rfie intereft due to the faid creditors according to the order and priority aforefaid, and not fooner, apply and expend the remainder of the faid duties and toils to the purpofes of carrying on faid navigation ; and from the expiration of the laid twenty years after the payment of all intereft due to the bid creditors, and after the payment of the yearly fum of five hundred pounds, and fuch annual fums as by drfeharge of any principal films fhall not be wanting to pay the intereft thereof, in difeharge of the principal fums remaining due to the faid creditors according to the order and priority aforefaid, and not fooner, apply and expend the remainder of the faid duties and tolls in profecutiop of the faid work.

IX. Be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That every perfon, who fhall advance or lend the fum of one hundred pounds to the faid local commiffioners upon fuch fecurities as aforefaid, fhall from thenctforth be and continue a local commiffioner of faid navigation to all intents and purpofes what-foever, during fuch time as he fhall continue poflefTed of fuch fecurity or debenture; and that any perfon to whom he fhaH affign the fame (hall be and continue to be a local com-miffioner of faid navigation, during fuch time as he (hall continue to be poffcfled of fuch fecurity or debenture, to all intents and purpofes; and that if the perfon poflefTed of fuch fecurity or debenture for one hundred pounds (hall be a woman, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch woman by writing under her hand and feal to appoint and depute fomc it and proper man to a€t and vote for her at all and every «f the meetings of the local cocomiffiooers of bid navigation y

Digitized by

Google. .

Debentures

Tht tUrtt&tfb and Jfontoentb Yfdrt pf George III,

tion; and that no local commiifioocr, or her representative,

(hall have more than one vote or voice upon any occafion whatfoever.

X.	Apd be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the perfon or perfoos, to whom any affi^tuheat or afiigi*-tnems, debenture or debentures, (hall be given and peifelted by virtue of this aft as afore Su’d, may by indotfetnent there? on transfer the right and benefit of the fame; and fudi in* dorfement upon notice U> the derk or regifter of fuch com* mifliouers, and an entry thereof made in the book kept by him of the orders and proceedings of fuch commiffion-ers, and which fuch clerk ot regifter (Hall Upob requeft vrit^pO^ fee or reward make accordingly, and Upon requeft permit to be viewed at the ufual hour or time of his attendance,

(hall imitle the indorfee or afiignee, or his executors, ad-mi niftrators and aftigns to the foie benefit of the fum or fums fo transferred or afiigned; and that the faid alignment# or debentures may in like manner be again transferred or aT« figned by fu :h afiignee or aflignees, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, and fo from time to time as often as occafion (hall require; and that after fuch affigfi-ment made it (hall not be in die power of the perfon or perform, who made fnch afiignment, to make Void, relcafe, or difeharge the fame, or the fum or Turns thereby transferred or afiigned, or any part thereof.

XL And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That this aft (hall be adjudged, deemed, and taken as a pubfick aft, and (ball he judicially taken notice of by all judges, juitices, and other perfonq whatfoever, without fpecuJly pleading the fame.

XII.	And be it forther enafted by the authority aforefaid, That this aft (hall continue and be in force for forty one ^ ^ years from the twenty fifth day of December one thou&ad ggiX (even hundred and feyenty three, and no longer.

XIII.	Provided always. That the duties granted by ford gaid dudes to afts and this prefent aft witltin t|ic diftrifts aforefaid, (hall ceafe at Toon «s ceafe and determine, as foon as other duties within faid dif- ^hcriemial trift of equal yearly value to the faid duties on beer tad ak

lieu

A poblickaA*

Continued to s$ December

equal yearly

(hall be provided fof at)d granted by Parliament thereof.

XIV.	And provided always. That as fpcm as the (aid Thit id to communication by water between Belfaft and Loughneagh ceafe as (boo (hall be compleated, and all bebts borrowed and otpences ** ^5 commn-incurred on account thereof be paid off, this aft and every	InT*"

thing therein contained, (hall ceafe and determine, and be |itterly void to all intents and purposes whatfoever.

CHAP.

Digitized by t^ooQle

The thirteenth and fourteenth Tcart of George III. CHAP. XIV.

An A & for the more effeSual preventing the forging or altering the Acceptance or Indorfement of Bills of Exchange, or the Numbers or principal Sums of accountable Receipts for Notes9 Bills, or other Securities for Payment of Moneys or War* rants or Orders for Payment of Money on Delivery of Goods•

To forge, alter, &c. felon/, death.

ff. -	.	-"TXTHEREAS	an	aft	patted in the third year of his

being	VV	late	Majefty	King	George the fecond, entitled, An

contained in 7 for the more effeSual preventing and farther punt/bing of for-*5 G 3- c. 37. gery, perjury, and fubomation of perjury, and to make it felo-• Va Y* * ny	bonds, notes, or other fecurities for payment of money,

C e *	1 and for the morcejfeSual tranj^orting felons, vagabonds, andothers 9

has been found ineifeftual: be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this ptefent Parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That if any perfon from and after the firft day of May, one thou-fand (even hundred and feventy four, (hall falfely make, alter* forge, or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be falfely made* altered* forged, or counterfeited, or wittingly aft or aflift in the falfe making, altering, forging, or counterfeiting, any acceptance of any bill of exchange, or the number or principal fum of any accountable receipt for any note, bill, or other fecurity for payment of money, or any warrant or order for payment of money, or delivery of goods, to the value of five pounds, with intention to defraud any perfon whatfoever, or (hall utter or publifh as true any falfe, altered* forged, or counterfeited acceptance of any bill of exchange, or accountable receipt for any note, bill, or other fecurity for payment of money, or any warrant or order for payment of money, or delivery of goods to the value of five pounds, with intention to defraud any perfon, knowing the fame to be falfe, altered, forged or counterfeited, then every fuch perfon, being thereof lawfully convifted according to the due courfe of law, (hall be deemed guilty of felony, and (hall fuffer death as a felon without benefit of clergy.

.CHAP.

The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears tf George IIL CHAP. XVI.

An Ad for the more effectual proceeding agednfl Perfons funding mute on their Arraignment far Murder, Felony or Piracy^

St

A. D.

1*773-4-

BE it enaCted by the King’smoft excellent Majcfty, by

and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual mute on mxw and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament afletn- raiffnment, dec, bled, ,and by the authority of the fame, for the more effee- ton*i<ae^ tual proceeding again ft. perfons Handing mute on their arraignment for murder, felony, or piracy, that if any perfon from and after the firft day of June next, being arraigned on any indictment or appeal for murder or felony, or on any indictment for piracy, (hall upon fuch arraignment Hand mute or will not anfwer direCUy to the murder, felony, or piracy, fuch perfon fo Handing mute as aforefaid (hall be convi&ed of the murder, felony, or piracy charged in fuch indidment or appeal; and the court, before whom he or (he (hall be fo arraigned, (hall thereupon award judgment and execution againft fuch perfon in the fame manner, as if fuch perfon had been convi&ed by verdi& or confeffion of the murder, felony, or piracy charged in fuch indi&ment or appeal; and fuch judgment (hall have all the fame coafe-quences in every reaped, as if fuch perfon had been convi&cd by verdiCt or confeffion of fuch murder, felony, or piracy, and judgment had been thereupon awarded.

CHAP. XVII.

An Ad for granting to His Meyefty, His Heirs and Suceeffors, the yearly Sums therein mentioned, and for the better Support of the Foundling Hofpital and Work houfe of the city of Dublin, and for incrcqpng the Fund thereof,\

WHEREAS by an aCt pafled in this kingdom in the .

eleventh and twelfth years of his prefent Majefty’s ^ fa‘0 reign, intitled, An Adfor regulating and governing the found- n. f. x6. ling hofpital and work houfe of the city of Dublin, and maintaining and fupporting the foundling children then in feud houfe, or out at nurfe in the country, and which Jhould he thereafter received therein, or fent to nurfe therefrom, it was enaCted, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June in the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy two, every poor child and children under the age of fix years, who (hall be found or chi'drea of 6 taken up within the fsud city or liberties thereunto adjoining, J*ar# or fent to the foundling hofpital, (hall be received and kept JThereiii, therein, or fent to nurfe therefrom) and that all children,

who

Digitized by v^ooQle

1773-4* dmp, 17.

Msimer of vtHnig funds to defray the ex-fcncct of the Metals.

Few on faid 400I. accounted for as a further aid*

7Xi iMnefitihamlfovrt&rth ftan wf George lit

who (hall appear to be fix years old, and whofe age fhaQ not be thought to exceed eight yean, and (hall be prefented to the governors of faid hofpital (eleven being prefent) or to the court of affifbmtt, m ford recited ad mentioned, or any. five of them, (hall be by them received; provided there fhall be proper room in faid houfe, and provided fuch child 6t children, fo from time to time to be prefented for idmiffion, fhall appear to be Sound in mind and body: and whereas the number of chddreu of the age of fix yean old and under have of Ute years inenrefed fo Ear beyond the expect tation of the governors, that the ex pence of fupporting them has exceeded every provifion that could be made exdu-five of grants of Parliament; in order therefore that tho funds, appointed for the fopport of the foundling hofpital And work houfe, fhall be applied to the proper uft, be it enacted by tbe King’s moil excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament aflcmbled, aiid by the authority of the fame. That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufaud favew hundred and Seventy four, there fhaii not be Teceivod into the faid hofpital or Sent to nurfe therefrom any chiM, who fhall appear to be of the age of three years old and upwards upon any account whatsoever ; any law to the contrary notwithftanding,

II* And whereas the pnefetit foods for faid hofpital have been found infufficient for the purpofes thereof: be it euacl* ed by the authority afore (aid,' That from and after th# twenty fourth day of June, in the year one thoufand fevea hundred and Seventy four, to the twenty fourth day of June one thoufand Seven hundred rind Seventy fix indufive, and no longer, there fhall be railed, colle&cd, levied, and paid, from and upon every houfe in the city of Dublin, and the liber* . tics thereof, of the value of ten pounds yearly and upwards according to the valuation for tninifters money the him of four pence in the pound yearly, over and above the fume now payable thereout, the fame to be paid by half yearly payments ; four hundred pounds yearly of the produce thereof to be paid into the receipt of hip Majefly's treafury to the ufe of his Majefty, his hejrs and fucceflbre, and the fur* plus after payment of the faid four hundred pounds yearly be paid to the governors of the Said foundin g hofpital and work houfe towards the Support of the laid foundbnj hofpital and work houfe.

III. And be it euadted by the authority afbr$£aid, That the fix pence per pound, and all other foes which (hall or may be payable to the vice trt^furer Of vice treafurers, pay* matter or receiver general of this kingdom upon itfuing or payment of the &id fom Jt four hundred pounds yearly, or m£ afty part tfcffoof, (hail be ic^cwtdb^the laid vice tra*

fercr*

Digitized by v^ooQle

The thirteenth andfourteenth Teart of George HI.*	J|

furer, or vice treafurer's, receiver or paymafter general A. D. for the ufe of his Majefty, his heir .and fuccefTors, dnr- 1773-4 ing the term aforefaid, and /hall be duly accounted for Chap* 17. by him or them to his Majefty, his heirs and fuccef- '*-*0~>T****J fors, as a further and additional aid hereby given and granted*

IV.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That Said duty • the duty on houfes hereby granted /hall be railed, anfwered, collected* and paid unto the governors of the laid hofpital hofpital. during the term aforefaid at the fame time, in the like manner, and by fuch ways and means, and methods, and for fuch

purpofes, fave only as to the laid fum of four hundred pounds yearly, as are appointed and dire&ed by laws now in force relating to the (aid foundling hofpital and work houfe, as fully and effectually to all intents and purpofes as if the fame were particularly mentioned, exprefied, and enabled again in the body of this prefent aCL

V.	And whereas by an ad pafled in the eleventh and Recital11

, twelfth years of his prefent Majefty, intitled. An aft for *“c* IX> better regulating the foundling hofpital and work-houfe in the city of Dubfin, and increasing the fund for the fupport there-of; alfo for making a provtfon for appointing a locum te-nens, in cafe of the death of the lord mayor or the prefdent of the court of confcicncc9 it is among other things ena&ed.

That the governors, of the laid hofpital, eleven at leaft being prefent, (hall have power and authority from time to time to licence all fuch per/ons, as /hall own, keep or drive any cart, car, or other carriage, that (hall bring into the faid city or the liberties thereof, be it for hire or fale, or otherwise, any bricks, ftonfc, fand, gravel, lime, or other materials employed or made ufe of in building or paving, and that for every fuch cart, car, or other carriages, the fum of twenty (hillings be paid by way of fine: And where- Perfon* may as it is found inconvenient, that carts, cars, or other carriages, without licence which arc not employed to cany for fale or hire any of the	^cir*

aforefaid materials into the faid city or liberties, fhould be owa ^ obliged to take out licences as aforefaid: be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons whatfoever, who /hall have any cart, car, or other carriage, employed in bringing into the laid city any bricks, ftones, fand, gravel, lime, or other materials ufually employed in building or paving for their own ufe, and not foi lale or hire, to ufe the fame in manner aforefaid without taking out any licence whatfoever, any thing in the herein before in part recited aft in any wife notwithftandmg.

• CHAP,

Voi. VI.	Q

Digitized by v^ooQle

34

a: d;

*773"4*

The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George III. CHAP. XVIII.

jin Ad for the better regulating the Office of County Treafurers, and the Duty of Clerks of the Crown in refpefi of Prefent-ments ; and to enable the Crand Jury of the County of Wicklow to raife Money by Presentment for purchafing of Ground or Hovfes adjoining to the Court Hoitfe of the • faid County for the Purpofe of budding Additions to the faid Court Noufe.

Amended 16 G. 3. c. >4. f. 66. 26 G. 3. c. 28* f. 51.

doubts on appointment of county treasurer*, Sec.

» G. 4. e. 1j, repealed.

county tre a-futers (hall lay accounts before grand jury, dif-tinguiOung the times of receipts and payments, See. as herein.

YT7HEREAS many doubts have anfen upon * y relating to the appointment of treafurers of

the law* counties,

and the fecurity thereby required to be given by them has been in many cafes inefficient 5 be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent Majefty by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this pre-fent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy four, an a& pafied in •the thirty third year of his late Majefty King George the fecond, entitled, s.n afl for afeertdining the manner of appoint-ing county treafurers and for the more effectual recovery of pub-lick money, and every claufe therein contained, (hall be repealed and made null and void ; and that from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy four, every treafurer of any county in this kingdom (hall at every afllzcs held for the county, whereof he is treafurer, or if in the county of Dublin at every term, lay before the grand jury of fuch county a full, true, and clear date of his accounts, and of all money received and paid by him as treafurer, diftinguifhing the refpe&ive timet of fuch receipts and payments, drawm in the way of debtor and creditor, and (hall therein debit himfelf with fuch fum or fums of money as (hall have been the balance fettled upon the laft ftating of the accounts, or (hall have been handed over to him as the balance by the laft treafurer; and alfo with all arrears due by any colledor, receiver, or other per-fon ; and with the amount of all fuch fums of money as (hall have been preferred to be raffed at the preceding affizes (or ifluable term if in the county of Dublin) fpecifying the fevcral purpofes for which the fame was presented, the feve-ral perfons to whom the fame is payable, and feparately dating the fums to be railed fpon each barony or half barony by name, and upon the county at large ; and further w ith all fines that may be due for the ufe of faid county; and all . fums, if any, which he may have received as treafurer ex-clufive of fuch arrears, pi* fen Ur, cuts of the lail aflizes, ''(or iiluable term if in the county of Dublin ! and fines ; and that he (hall in the faid account take credit for all money

a&ually

--------------Digitized	by

Google—

*£hc thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George III. iduafly paid by him fince the lad account, fpecifying the fums paid, the times of paying the fame, the perfons to whom, and on what account the fame were paid, and whether for the county at large, or for what barony or half barony, and alfo for all arrears and fines that (hall remain unpaid to him, and for all fuch part of the fums prefented at the preceding allizes as (hall not have been paid to him, dif-tinguiihing by whom due, and on what account, and finally (hall (late the balance upon the whole ; and at the foot thereof (hall make an affidavit fworn before one of the judges df affize, or one of the judges of the court of king’s bench if in the c ounty of Dublin, that the above account is a full and fair account, and that every article therein dated is true to the bed of his knowledge and belief; which account and affidavit (hall be lodged with the clerk of the crown attending faid a fuzes, (or term at the king’s bench if in the county of Dublin) to be by him kept among the records of the qounty ; and the faid clerk of the crown is hereby required to enter a copy of the faid account in a book to be by him kept for that purpofe among the records of the county; and he (hall at the foot thereof enter the grofs amount of the queries on the query book for faid affizes, or term if in the county of Dublin, in order that the fame may be compared with the faid account; and that every grand jury may from time to time, as often as they (hall think proper during the affizes, or during any term if in the county of Dublin, examine their county treafurer or any other perfon or perfons upon oath, to be adminidered in open court by the judge of affize, or in the court of king’s bench if in the county of Dublin, touching any voucher or other matter or thing relative to any part of faid accounts; and may enter in the book, wherein the tieafurer’s accounts are entered, fuch obfervations thereon, or on the faid account, as they (hall think proper.

II. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- flTrea^ure)ri faid, That every treafurer (hall keep an office open from CpU^"c‘of the hours of nine in the morning till three in the afternoon in paying perfon* the town, where the affizes were lad held, or if in the coun- entitled to re-ty of Dublin in fome place within the city or precin&s of Dublin, every day for the fpace of eight days next after ^^rein dired-each affizes, (or each term if in the county of Dublin) Sun- ed. days only excepted, for the purpofe of paying all perfons who (hall be entitled to receive any publick money from him : *. and if any treafurer (hall omit to keep fuch open office during the time and hours aforefaid, or fhall wilfully and unne-ceffarily delay to pay any demand, which as treafurer he is required to pay, or (hall accept, demand, or receive any money, matter, or other thing by way of premium, difeount, or reward for paying any money as treafurer, or make any de-

C a	du&ion

Digitized by UooQle

&

A. »•

i 773-4-

Chap. 18.

On vSeaney 1 juft ices of 100L a year freehold, at feflion houfe, (hall elcA a tfeafurer, Ac.

The thirteenth andfourteenth femrt rf George III* duftion whatfoever in paying the Came, or (hati negledfc trt ftate faid account in manner and form herein prefenbed, of negledfc ot refufe to make the affidavit herein required at the foot thereof, and to lay the fame before the grand jury, or /hall have knowingly made any falfe or unfair entry in /aid accounts, or (hall refufe to be examined upon oath, and to trnfwer all fuch queftions as may be aiked of him by the grand jury touching his accounts, or (hall erafe* alter, obliterate, efface, fupprefs, or deffroy any paper, account, af* fidavit, or bpok, which (hall by any law now in force, or hereafter to be ena&ed, be ordered to be kept by him as treafurer, or (hall refufe to pay any perfon legally entitled to receive pubiick money from him, provided he (hall have money applicable to fuch perfon fn his hand, or (hall be guilty of any unfair pra&ice or mi/behaviour in the execution of his office, he (hall upon convi&ion by indi&mcnt or prefentment be finca in ahy fum not exceeding twenty pounds, and be difmiffed from his office of treafurer, and be declared incapable of being ever again elefted or ferving as treafurer; and an entry of fuch nis difmiflion (hall be made in the crown book, and alfo in the book of entry of his accounts kept by the clerk of the crown.

III. And be it further enaded by the authority afore-faid, That from and after the faid twenty foutth day of June, one thoiifand feven hundred and feventy four, whenever the treafurcrlhip of any county (hall be vacant by the death, re-(ignation, removal, or difmiffal of the treafurer, that the jufticc3 of the peace for fuch County> or any feven of them, each having an eflate of freehold therein of the dear yearly value of one hundred pounds at the lead, (hall at the court or feflion houfe between the hours of twelve in the forenoon and four in the afternoon on the firfl day of the next quarter feflions or affixes, whichever (hall Aril happen after fourteen days immediately following fuch vacancy, or in cafe the faid vacancy (hall have happened within fourteen days preceding fuch feflions or affizes, or at any feflions or affizes, or term, if in the county of Dublin, then on the fecund Monday in the next calendar month after fuch vacancy (hall have happened, at the court houfe where the affizes were lad held, or at the feflion houfe if in the county of Dublin, between the aforefaid hours, afTembled, and then and there by the majority of votes of fuch jufticcs, as (hall be prefent, proceed to elect a lit or fufficient perfon to be treafurer of fuch county ; and the fenior jullice prefent, qualiiied to vote •t fuch election, (hall in every fuch aflcmbly prefide as chairman, and (hall take the votes of the other juftices, admini£» ter the oath of qualification herein after mentioned, and (hall pot himfclf give his vote, except in cafe of an equality of Voices.

IV. Provided

Digitized By

C -

The thirteenth andfourteenth Tears of George III,	37

IV. Provided always. That no juftice (hall be allowed to A. D.

£ive his vote in any fuch ele&ion, who (hall be a candidate 1773*4* for fuch treafureHhip, or who (hall not firft take tjie Chap. 18.

following oath, if thereunto required by any perfon pre- v______—v—^ /

fent.	No candidate

to vote,

, 1	,,	Jo/wtar, That Ja prwioul oath

the peace for the comity pf	and	that I have if required.

an efate of freehold in fmd county of the clear yearly value of one hundred pounds JlcrTtng at the leaf above aU charges fayr able out of the fame.

V.	And provided always, That no perfon who (hall at Rccapn?«a|ic« any time hereafter be ele&ed treafurer, (hall be capable of tjcj£ircr ^ ferving in faid office, unlefe he (hall immediately after his ele&ion fn open court enter into a recognizance before the chairman of the meeting and any other juft ice prefent, qua*? lifted as afqrefaid to vote at fuch ele&ion (which recognizance they are hereby impowered to take) in the fum of ten thoufand pounds, in cafe the ele&ion be held for thq treafureHhip of the county of Dublin, in the fujn of five thoufand pounds in cafe the ele&ion be held for the treafureHhip of the counties of Cork or Meath, in the fum of four thoufand pounds in cafe the election be held for the county of Kerry, in the fum of three thoufand five hundred

Kunds in pafe the ele&ion be held for the counties of Wex* d or perry, in the fum of three thoufand pounds in cafe the ele&ions be held for the counties of Qalway, Antrim,

Armagh, Down, Kildare, Cavan, Mayq, Sligo, or Well* meath, in the fum of two thoqftmd five hundred pounds ir\ cafe the eledtion be held for the counties of Donegal* Tipperary, Kilkenny, or Dimcr*ck> in the fum of two thou-iand pounds in cafe the ele&ion be held for the counties of Louth, Tyrone, l^ofconjmon, Wicklow, Monaghan, Car-low, King’s county, or Queen’s county ; in the fum of one thoufand five hundred pounds in cafe the ele&ion be held for the counties of Fermanagh or Clare ; and in the fum of pne thoufand pounds in cafe the ele&ion be held for the counties of Waterford, Longford, or Leitrim 5 and (hal^ procure two fufficient fureties at the fame time to cuter into boundln^ccew# a recognizance in lil^e manner, each )n a fum equal to one uizance, to a? half of the fum in which fuph treafurer (hall bind himfdf; count, the condition of which recognizance (hall be, that fuel) treafurer (hall juftly and truly account in manner and form and at the times by this a& required, pr to be required by pny lajy that hereafter may be made relating to the famet that be (hall at all times juftly and truly pay and account for •all money, which he (hall have received as treafurer; and that fee (fraU duty ^&tbfl*!ty diifhargf (he duties of h'\

Digitized by L^ooQle

3®	The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George III.

A. D. office in every rcfpeft ; and that he, his heirs, executors, or 17 73-4.	adminiftrators, (hall and will upon his death, refigsation, re-

Chap. 18.	moval, or difmiflion, deliver to his fucceflor in office all

1^—books, papers, affidavits, and accounts, dcpofited with or kept by him as treafurcr, and pay and hand over to faid fuq-ceffor iuch balance of money, as fhall appear to be in his hands, or fhall be due by him ; and further, unlefs each of fuch fureties fhall at the foot of their recognizance make affidavit refpe&ively before the fenior, or any juftice preient, who is hereby empowered to take the fame, that he is really and bona fide worth the film mentioned in his faid recognizance over and above all his juft debts, and ekcluiive of any property of which he is tenant for life only ; and that in default thereof fuch cle&ion fhall be null and void ; and the ‘	faid juftices fhall on the next day and at the fame place, and

between the fame hours, proceed in like manner to eled a proper and fufficicnt perfon to be treafurer : and in cafe at any meeting for the eledlion of a treafurer no proper or fuf-ficient perfon fhall offer himfclf to he chofen, or in cafe the perfon, who fhall be chofcn, fhall not comply with and perform all and fingular the requifites herein dire&ed to be performed on the part of fuch perfon ; or in cafe feven juftices qualified as aforefaid to vote, fhall not attend, then the juftices of the peace for fuch county, qualified as aforefaid, or any feven of them, fhall on the Monday next enfuing the time, hereby dire&ed for holding faid ele&ion, aflemble and proceed to election ; and in cafe no treafurer fhall be chofen at fuch aflembly, then on the Monday following, and fo on upon every fucceffive Monday, until a treafurer fhall be ele&ed, who fhall be capable of ferving in faid office, and perform the requilites aforefaid; and every recognizance taken as aforefaid fhall be delivered by the chairman to the clerk of the peace, who is required to attend every fuch af-fembly, to be by him depofited and duly entered in his Ma-jefty’s court of Exchequer, as foon after as he conveniently can enter the fame.

Treafurer* VI. And to prevent any inconvenience that may arife fhall g,vc recop- frorp t|ie <]cf1C|*cncy 0r uncertainty of the fecurity given by nizancc to ma e pCrfong> y,j10	\>c	treafurers	of	counties,	upon	the	com-

ui> full fum required

mencement of this abe it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That every perfon, who fhall be treafurer of any county, on the twenty fourth day of June, one thou-fand feven hundred and feventy four fhall at the next Summer affizes or term, if in the county of Dublin, enter into a recognizance before one of the judges of affize, or of the court of King’s Dench if in the county of Dublin, conditioned as herein before enabled, in fuch fum, as together with the fum he fhall before have been bound in, fhall amount (0 the fujn herein required for any treafurcr tp be electedfqr ' '	.	‘	*	‘	fuch

Treafurer, let.

*The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George III. fuch county to enter into, and h? fhall alfo procure two fuf-ficient fureties at the fame time to enter into a recognizance, of the like condition, each in a fum equal to one half of the fum in which fuch treafurer (hall then bind himfelf, and to mate fuch affidavit at the foot thereof, as the fureties are herein before required to make ; and that in default thereof the judge of afftze, or judge of the court of king’s bench if in the county of Dublin, (hall and he is hereby required to difmifs the faid treafurer from his office, and to caufe fuch difmiffion to be entered in the crown book, and likewife in the book of entry of the treafurer’s accounts kept by the clerk of the crown.

VII.	And in order the more effeftually to oblige every . treafurer during his continuance in office to keep up a good-ex-and fufficient fecurity, be it enafted by the authority afore- 'jftcncc and pro-faid, That the judge of aflize or King’s Bench, if in the perty of furc-county of Dublin, (hall and may at every afflzes (or term) tic*»

if required by the grand jury, examine the treafurer or any other perfon or perfons m open court upon oath touching the exiflence and property of his fureties; and if he fhall find any reafon to apprehend, that either or both of his fureties are dead or infuffirient, he fhall require him to procure another furety or fureties in his or their room, and if fuch treafurer fhall refufe to be examined, or to anfwer upon oath, or to procure other fureties, who fhall enter into recognizance, and make the affidavit by this aft required, he fhall difmifs fuch treafurer from his office, and caufe fuch difmiffion to be entered in the crown book, and aifo in the book of entry of the treafurer’s accounts kept by the clerk of the crown.

VIII.	Be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, No treafurer

That no perfon, being treafurer of any county, fhall during; crown or his continuance in faid office be capable- of being clerk of ^cacc c r 9 the crown or peace, or fhall exercife the office of a juflice	^

of peace therein, or be on a grand jury for fuch county;	recognizance ‘

and that every recognizance to be taken at the afflzes, or depofited in term, if in the county of Dublin, by virtue of this aft, fhall Exchequcr-within three months after fuch affixes or term be depofited'	*

and duly entered by the cleric of the crown in his Majefly’a^

court of Exchequer; and that every recognizance, enter-; ed into by virtue of the aft hereby repealed, fhall before! the firft day of July, one thonfand feven hundred and fe-* venty four, in like manner be depofited and duly entered in faid court and be to all intents and purpofes as valid and in^ as full force, as if the faid aft was not repealed ; and that. fuch procefs may iflue thereon, and on every other recognizance to be entered in faid court by virtue of this aft, aa is ufual in cafes qf recognizances entered into in faid*

•ourt.	c	1

IX.	Provided

ft

Digitized by LiOOQle

40	7*he thirteenth ami fourteenth Tears of Georgt 111.

A. IX IX. Provided always. That all money, whreh at any time 1773*4-	Audi he recovered on any of the (aid recognizances, (full he

Chap. 18.	paid to the treafurer of the county for	the time being, for

whofe ufe fuch recognizance was entered into, and be ac~ Money reco- counted for by him in his next accounts, treafurer d 10	®c farther enaded by the authority aforefaid, That

On d^fmiflion uP°n ^ removal or difmiffion of any treafurer of a county appointee by	fuch perfon, as the grand jury (hall appoint, which appoint-

grand jury,	ment every grand jury is hereby empowered to make, and

ll^rin^ncw^" ^^urc	appointment	then one of the koights of the

election, &c.	(hire for fuch county, (hall, until a new	treafurer is eleded

at heron.	and enters into offiix, be the treafurer,	and be deemed the

fucceffor in office to the perion difmified for the pnrpole* of receiving from fuch perfon to difmifled aH the balance of money, that (hall be* in his hands, and the books, paper*, affidavits, and accounts depofited with or kept by him a*, treafurer; and alfo for the purpofe of receiving from the federal colle&ors or other perfons fuch money as they would have been obliged to pay to laid treafurer, had be continued in office, and for no other purpofe whatfoever: aH which balances, books, papers, affidavits, accounts, and money, fuch perfon is required to receive and detain, until a new treafurer (hall be elcfled and enter into office, to whom be (hall hand over and deliver the fame.

Account, laid XL And be h further	by	tbe	authority	.forced,

jury* Sec!*”	That the feveral accounts, which have been or (hall be aa

9	aforefaid bid before the grand jury, and fworn to by the

treafurer, (hall in all a&toas, profeentioas, or fuits to be commenced againft the treafurer, or his fureties, or his or their heirs, executors, or admintftrators, be allowed in all courts of law and equity as evidence againft fuch treafurer and his fureties, his and their heirs, executors, and admin if'

Annual pre-fern mention coijrtits for treafurer* at affixes or jffia-blc terms.

trators refpe&ively,

XII. And in order to make a fufficient compensation to the treafurer fonthe expence and trouble he may be put to by reafon of his office, be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That it (hail be lawftil for the grand jury of every county at the affixes, or at the ifluablc terras if in the county of Dublin, to prefect to be railed upon the county at large, and paid to the treafurer, fuch fum or fums of mosey, as (hall not in the whole exceed in the year the fum of one hundred pounds in the counties-of Cork and Dublin ; of Gxty pounds in the counties of Meath and Kilkenny; of feventy pounds in the county of Galway; of forty pound* in the counties of Kerry, DonegaU, Derry, Tipperary, Armagh, Rofcommon, Wicklow, Fermanagh, Clare, Water* ford, A ntrim, and Mayo ; of thirty pounds in the eountiea of Tyrone, Leitrim, Kildare, Cavan, Limerick, Louth, Monaghan, Wdbneath, Carlow, King's County, and Wexford |



Digitized by LjOOQle

The thirteenth and fourteenth Teari of George JII. lord ; of twenty five pounds in the county of Sligo ; and of twenty pounds io the counties of Longford, Down, and Queen's County.	>

XIII.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid.

That the clerk of the peace (hail a;tend every meeting of Clerk of peace the juftices of the peace for the purpofe of electing a trea- t0 clc^ *rcafu-furer for the county, whereof he is clerk of the peace, un- ^iil^n^ncL * der the penalty of forfeiting for each off.*ace (unld's he fbaU 0r aeccility. have been detained by hekoefs or unavoidable necciHiy) the

fum of ten pounds, to be levied by diitrcls or fale of liis £oods or ehattles by warrant under the hand and feal of the juftice prefidiug at fuch meeting, and to be paid to the infirmary of the county in which fuch meeting was held.

XIV.	And whereas it is expedient to prevent the mif- Clerk of chiefs that may arife from the clerk of the crowu neglecting co°W of trea^* bis duty in refpedfc of profentuneuts : be it further enacted ^er*« -.vccountj by the authority aforefaid, That every clerk of the crown penalty nor (hall without fee or reward at each affizes (or term, if in the above Si-county of Dublin) enter a copy of the treafurer's account

in manner herein directed, and (hall alfo without fee or reward immediately after the query book (hall be ruled by the judge of aflize (or court of King's Bench, if in the county of Dublin) give to the treafurer a full and perfect copy of all queries discharged at faid affizes or term, figned by himfelf or his deputy $ and (hall within four days after each afliaes (or iftiiable term) give to the treafurer a copy of all the preferments made and allowed at faid affizes or term for the rsufing or paying of money figned likew fe by him-ftlf or his deputy ; and in cafe he (hall neglcdt to give the fame or either of them at the times aforefaid, or to enter the faid account, or the grofs amount of the queries on the query book for faid affizes or term at the foot thereof, and proof of any fuch negledl (bill be made to the fatisfa&ion of	^

the judge of aifizc, or of the court of King's Bench if in county of Dubliu, be (hall be fined in any fum not exceeding five pounds, and be fufpended from his office, until be (hall pay the fame. And every clerk of the crown (hall Queries made within two months after each affizes or term if in the coun-ty of Dublin make up the queries for the fucceeding affizes to carry them or tem\, when he (hall make affidavit in writing before one forward. Sec. of the judges of affize or judge of King's Bench, if in not above the county of Dublin, that he has entered a full, true, and 10 exaft query in the query book upon every prefentment for railing'or paying mopey, and every fine w hatever which has not been accounted for or difeharged, which affidavit (hall be deUvercd to the clerk of the peace to be by him kept and preserved ; and if he (hall omit to carry forward 'every query, 'which (hall not have been difeharged, together with fuch feeder ad (hall have been made by the court thereupon, or

(hall.

Digitized by Google

The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George III.

(hall negleft or omit to enter a full, true, and exaft query upon every one prefentment, made at the laft aflizesor term, if in the county of Dublin, for ratling and paying money, and likewife to frame a query in the query book upon every fine impofed, wherein the county is entitled to any (hare, fpecifying how much thereof the County is entitled unto, and from time to time to carry forward the fame, un-lefs difeharged, or lhall efface, obliterate, tear, alter, de-ftroy, or ftipprefs any record of the county, or lhall refule to make fuch affidavit as aforefaid, he lhall, if convifted thereof by indiftment or prefentment, be fined in any fum no% exceedingonc hundred pound, and be difmiffed from his office of clerk of the crown ; any law, grant, or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding, and be incapable of ever after fenr-ing in faid office.

XV.	Be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That all fines whatfoever, which lhall be impofed by virtue of or in confequence of this aft, and not otherwife herein difpofed of, lhall, when levied, be paid to the treafuier of the county, in which the fame lhall be impofed, to be by him accounted for to the faid county; and that the clerk of the crown (hall * find and keep among the records of the county all affidavits made in purfuance of or by virtue of this aft, except fuch as are direfted by the fame to be otherwife difpofed of; and that it lhall be lawful for the grand jury, and they are hereby required, at the affixes or term, if in the county of Dublin, next after any recognizance lhall be entered in the court of exchequer, under the direction of this aft, to prefent fuch fum of money, as lhall appear upon oath to have been ncceffarily expended in the entering of the fame, to be raifed upon the county at large, and paid to the perfon who lhall have expended the fame.

falfe fwear- And that if any perfon or perfons lhall be convifted of having punifhed ing wilfully and knowingly fwom falfely in any affidavit, or as wilful perju- examination made or had in confequence of or by virtue of this aft, he lhall fuffer fuch punilhment, as perfons guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury are by the laws fubjeft unto.

XVI.	And whereas a doubt has been conceived, whether by the laws now in being grand juries are impowered to prefent money for the purchafing of ground or houfes adjoining to the court houfes or gaols in this kingdom, in order to enlarge the faid court houfes and gaols, and to ereft civil bill courts, jury rooms, and other convenient offices thereon : and whereas the court houfe of the town of Wicklow is at this time too narrow and confined for the bufinefe

Wicklow cf county : be it enafted by the authority aforefaid,

prtizn^Dot12* That	jur7	county	of	Wicklow	at	any	af-

F 9	~	fizes,

Pines, not otherwife difpofed, paid to treafurer, &c.

*Digitizecfby

The thirteenth andfourteenth Tears of George III.	4)

fizes, that fhall be held from and after the twenty fourth A. D, day of June, one thoufend feven hundred and feventy four, 1773*4-are hereby impowered to prefent fuch fum or fums, as they (hall thin* neceffary, for the purchafing of a plot of ground, above 400L .houfe or houfes, adjoining the court houfe and gaol of faid loo*jJJarl3r,t# county, for the purpofc of enlarging and rendering the £rOU11<^ lame more convenient for doing the bufinefs of faid coun- to enlarge the ty, and the judges of ailize are hereby required to con- g*>b firm fuch presentment; provided that the fum fo prefent-ed fpr purchafing fuch ground, houfe, or houfeir, fhall not ' -exceed in the whole the fum of four hundred pounds; and .that no more than one hundred pounds of the fame fhall be raifed within any one year to be applied for the purpofc aforefaid.

CHAP. XIX.

An Ad for the better and more certain Valuation of Houfes in Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns.

WHEREAS a doubt hath arifen, whether all build* ings for charitable purpofes, and other publick buildings in counties of cities and counties of towns, are not	*	’

liable to be valued and charged with a proportion of taxes and rates under the Several ads of Parliament, made for the valuation of houfes: be it cnaded by the King’s moft excellent Majefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament afiembied, and by the authority of the fame. That Publick build-no hofpitals, publick infirmaries, alms-houfes, charity ings uot includ-fchools, publick work-houfes, cuftom houfes, or the offices appurtenant thereto, and that no publick exchanges, may- ™	&c5

oralty houfes, publick market houfes, fhambles for the fade of flefh or fifh, the King’s barracks and guard-houfes, the publick coal yards, and gaols, and houfes of corredion, now built or hereafter to be built, fhall be included in any valuation hereafter to be made by valuators under any ad of Parliament in this kingdom, nor fhall be charged with any part or proportion of Inch rates or taxes 5 and in cafe the fame, or any of them, have been valued by the valuators appointed under the faid # ad, in any valuation or valuations by them cjr any of them heretofore made, that the fame fhall be flruck out of fuch valuation or valuations.

II.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That in-	^

ftead of the oath now taken, the following oath fhall be taken by every valuator hereafter to be appointed under the faid ads, (to wit,)

/ A. B,

44	TAf thirteenth andfourteenth Tears of George III.

A. D. /A. B. do fwear, that / iviUto the bej} of my knowledge* 1773-4. fully and judgment, execute the office of a valuator of dwelling V^V^J houfes, offices, cellars,fables, limeys, and yards in the city of

and in the town of end fuburbs thereof, without favour, affedion, men licit or ill will to any perfon or per fens whatfoever.

So help me Gad*

Not extended III. Provided always That noth mg herein contained J? *n tjiis fhall extend to an aft pafled this feflion of Parliament, en^ Kluon, c. as. titled, An eft for paving the fhrects, lanes, quays, bridges, fqssaresj courts, stud alleys within the ct(y and county of the city of Dublin and other places therein mentioned, und for other purpofes.

CHAP. XXI.

Lappmfub-j«6b to rule*

tin AS for amending an Ad fmffid in the third Tear of His Majejly’s Reign, entitled, An Ad for the better Regulation of the Linen and Hempen Masufadures.

‘\X / HEREAS by an a £1 pafled in the third year of his ^ V Majettyta reign for the better regulation of the linen

34 Lhcruu &c im* hempen manufaSures tappers of white or bleached linen *	*	or	hempen	cjotli	are to be appointed in manner and under and

fubjedl to the rules, orders, and dire&ions therein mentioned ; and whereas many pieces of linen and hempen cloth, bleached or in part bleached, have lately been ttolen out of (evcral bleach greens in this kingdom, and it hath been found very difficult for the owners thereof to prove their property in the fame; for remedy whereof, be it enafted by the King’s moil excellent Majefly, by and wjth the advice and confent of the lords Spiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by t|te authority of the fame. That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy four, no perfon (hall ex-pofc to fale any piece or part of a jpifpe of linen or hempen cloth, which has been bleached or in part bleached, unlefs the name of ibme tapper appointed or to he appointed as aforetaid, and alfo toe name of the county wherein fuch tapper (hall reflde at the time of marking fuch piece or part of a piece, (hall be marked at one end thereof with vennil-lion or (lone blue aftd iize$ and that if any perfon (hall ex-pofe to falc any piece or part of a piece of linen or hempen cloth, not having fuch names marked liereon in manner aforefaid, fuch perfon (hall for every fuch .offence forfeit the-fum of five pounds, to be recovered and difpofed of in the fame manner as is by the (aid a€t dirp&cd with regard to all

" penal]Uea

The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George 1H. penalties and forfeitures therein mentioned, not exceeding fo value the fum of fix pouftds, and alfo fuch piece or part of a piece of linen or hempen cloth; and that if any perfon (hall counterfeit the name of any tapper, appointed or to be appoint** ed as aforefaid, to any piece or pait of a piece of linen or hem-

Een cloth, fuch perfon being thereof lawfully convi&ed (hall e condemned to Hand in the pillory, or to be tranfported for the term of feven years to fome one of his Majefty’a plantations abroad, at the difcretion of the judge or judges who (hall try fuch offence.

II. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That no money fliall be granted or paid by the truftees of the ltaen and hempen marmfa&ures for or on account of any mill, bleach green, or other work to be executed by any individual, or as a bounty to enable him to carry on any branch of the manufacture ; but that every part of the fund under their direction fhall be applied in payment of utenfils, of premiums for the raifmg of flax* of the feveral officers and ferrants neceflarily employed by or attending on the faid truflees, or at the linen and yam halls, and in bounties or premiums oa fach fpecics of the manufactures as (hall be previoufly ascertained from time to time by the faid truilees, and which (hall be be bmugkt to market or exported.

III.	Provided always. That this (hall not extend to prevent or reftain the taid trupees for making good any promise of engagement, entered into by them previous to the firft day of March one thoufand feven hundred and feventy four.

IV.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That ao perfon (hall fell or expofeto fale any piece of plain linen cloth* being of or exceediug the fet of fourteen hundred, made or intended to be of the denomination commonly called ell-wides, that (hall not be when brown, and before the fame (hall be bleached, forty feven inches broad at lead, upon pain of forfeiting fuch piece.

No gram by

truftcc* [or green or work, or bounty to carry oo, See.

Traftees may make good engagement before <&March I774-Line* of or above fet of 1400, eU-widos when browo,

to be 47 isrlw broad,

or forfeited.

CHAP. XXII.

/An A8 for paving the Streets, Lanes, Quays, Bridges, Squares*

Courts* and Alleys within the City and County of the City of DuhTin, and other Purpofes relative to the faid City of Dublin, and other Places therein particularly mentioned.

XXIII. A ND whereas an agreement hath been cn-

jfjL tered into between the corporation of the , Agreement city of Dublin end the company of undertakers of the grand canal in the words following, (to wit) M Re- co. confirmed, folved. That it be agreed between the fubferibers to the a» herein, grand canal and the city of Dublin^ that ia confideration 4	of

Digitized by L,ooQle

The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George III. of the fubferibers fupplying the city with fuch a quantity oF water, hereafter to be afeertained, as (hall amply fupply the feveral inhabitants thereof, the city (hall pay to the faid fubferibers ten per cent. upon the grofs produce of the revenue, that (hall arife to the city from the fale of the faid water; the payment of the faid ten per cent. not to commence ’till the firft day of May, one tnoufand feven hundred and feventy fix ; and the fubferibers alfo engaging that they fltall not ereft any works upon the navigation, which (hall caufe any impurity in the water, fo as to render it unfit for life.” Refolved, That it be alfo agreed, that the fubferibers on their part, and the city on theirs, (hall ufe their bed endeavours to obtain an aft of parliament for ratifying the above agreement as foon as poffible; therefore be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid agreement and every part thereof (hall (land ratified and confirmed.

LXXIII. And whereas the city of Dublin is greatly encreafed in the number of houfes and inhabitants, inlomuch that the lord mayor of the faid city cannot fo ftriftly attend the infpeftion of the markets of the faid city as ufual, and perform the other requifite duties of his office: be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the juftices of the peace for the county of the faid city at the time of their Killing their precept to the (heriffs of the county of the faid city for holding the general quarter feffions of the peace for the county of the faid city (hall from time to time i(Tue alfo a precept to the faid (heriffs, requiring them to return to the faid juftices at the faid feffions forty eight of the moft mantel ur ace refpc&able citizens of the faid city, twenty four of whom to ^ fworn a8 a market jury for the faid city; and the faid (heriffs are hereby required to fummon and to return forty eight fuch citizens of the (aid city for the purpofe aforefaid; and the faid juftices (hall caufe the faid market jury * to be fworn in open court at the faid feffions, one by one (to wit) that he will well, truly, and diligently execute the office of a market juror of the faid city without favour or affeftion, malice, or ill will to any perfon or perfons what-foever. And the faid market jury for the time being, or any x three of them, are hereby required and empowered at fea-fonable hours to viiit the markets, (lore houfes, working houfes, cellars, and (hops in the city or liberties thereof* where provifions or viftuals are fold or made up or making „ up for fale in the faid city or liberties thereof, and to mfpeft the quality of faid provifions and victuals; and in cafe the faid jury or any three of them (hall at fuch times find any ' unwholefome or bad provifion or viftuals, or any provifions or viftuals fraudulently or illegally made up, or provifions or viftuals. in the hands-of any foreftallers, vegirators, or ingrof- I

fen.

A. D.

*773-4-Chap. 22.

Jullictt precept to (heriff to return to feffions 48 of moft relpec-ttbk citizens.

•04 fworn as

The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George III.	47

fers, in every fuch cafe the faid jury or any three of them A. D. are hereby required and impowered to feize the laid provi- 1773*4* fions or victuals, and the pcrfon expofing the fame to fele,	^

or claiming to be the owners thereof, and immediately, or as foon as conveniently can be, to carry or caufe to be carried the faid provifions and vi&uals and the faid perfons before the lord mayor of the faid city, who is hereby required and impowered to hear, determine, and condemu the fame, and to difpofe of the faid provifions aud victuals as he (hall think proper, and' to fine the faid perfons any fum not exceeding ten pounds ; the feid fine to be levied by diflrefs and fale of the offenders goods and chatties by warrant under the hand and feal of the feid lord mayor; and for want of . fufficient diflrefs the party to be committed to the common gaol of Newgate, there to remain without bail or mainprize for one month, or until fuch time as the faid fine (hall be paid: and each market juror to be fwom, or any three of them, (hall have full power and authority to execute the faid office of a market jury from the time of their being fworn, until the next market jury (hall be fworn at the cnfuing general quarter feffions of the peace to be held for the county of the feid city ; and if any perfon or perfons (hall moled or interrupt the faid market jury or any of them in the execution of their office, fuch perfon or perfons, being convi&ed thereof by indi&ment or information, fhall be punifhed by fine and imprifonment in fuch manner, as to the feid court, which tries the offence, fhall feem fit. And if any perfon, being duly fummoned and returned by the faid fheriffs to ferve as a market juror, fhall refufe, neglecf, or omit to appear purfuant to the faid fummons, and take the oath aforefeid, or fhall neglefl or refufe to execute the faid office, it fhall be lawful for the judices at their faid feffions, and they arc heieby required and impowered, to impofe a fine, not exceeding five pounds on every fuch perfon; and the lord mayor of the faid city is hereby required and impowered to iffue his warrant for the levying the faid fine by didrefs and fale of the goods and chatties of the faid perfon, and pay over the feme fo levied, or any other fine3 impofed under this a£t, and not particularly applied to the governors of the blue coat hofpital in the feid city for the ufe of the feid hofpitaL

CHAP. XXIII.

An A3 for the better Regulation of the Admljfion and Pra&ice of Attormes.

WHEREAS the admiflion of attornies in the courts of King's bench, common plea3, and exchequer in this kingdom is of the greated confequepce afKf concern, to the publick in general, and particularly to the fuitors in * the feid courts: and whereas it has heretofore been a fre-3	quent

Digitized by v^ooQle

cs of

TV

nt

* j !■

B. R i

p; or ri1

or dc\ u 4 i»<>lt

praCtue.'c r ncrh on ^omitting attoi uiv s, *•

rty a;u!

The thirtieth and fourteenth Tetri ef George lit. qnent praftice among the inferior dafe of attomies of Grid courts to take apprentices of low education, whofe circtrm-liances or condition offor tune frequently induce them to be guilty of mean and improper practices to the difhonnur of the profeffion, and to the great injury and damage of their clients and the publick in general: for remedy whereof, and to the end that the adrorflion of perfons into the laid pro* feflion may hereafter be properly ordered and regulated, be it ena -red by the King's moft excellent Majefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritua! and temporal and commons in this prtfent Parliament aflembled, and by c the authority of the fame, That from and after the firflday ' of Trinity term, one tboufand ftven hundred and feventy four, it (hall and may be lawful for the judges of the faid court of King's bench, or any two of them, and they are hereby required, to appoint the prothoilotary of the faid court for the time being, or his deputy, and four of the mod reputable praftifm^ attornics of the faid court, to examine all perfons applying to be admitted attornics of the faid court, and for the other purpofes herein mentioned, to continue during the plealnre of the faid court of King** bench, who are hereby required, if attv of the faid perfons fhall be difplaced, disqualified to aft, or difabled to raftice, to appoint one or more perfon or perfons in his or their places, fo that the number of examiners (hall not be lefs than four attorn ies at any time,

IV. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid* That from and.after the firft day of Trinity term, one thou-fand feven hundred and Seventy four, it fhall and may be lawful for the judges of the faid court of common pleas* or any two of them, and they art hereby required, in like manner to appoint the protlionotary of the laid court for the time being, or his deputy, and four of the moll reputable praftifing attornies of the fame court, to examine all perfons applying to be admitted attornies of the faid court, and for the other purpofes herein mentioned, to continue during the pleafure of the faid court of common pleas* who are hereby required, if any of the faid perfons fhall ber difplaced, difqualified to aft, or difabled to praftice, to appoint one or more perfon or perfons in his or their places* So that the number of examiners (ball not be lefs than four attornics at any time.

Tn Exchequer HI. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid the remembran- That from and after the faid firfl day of Trinity term, ons *?r’ ClC&c °Lid tkoufand feven hundred and Seventy four, it ill all and may be * **** c' lawful for the barons of the faid court of Exchequer, or any two of them, and they are hereby required, in like manner to appoint the chief remembrancer, the treasurer, or Second remembrancer, and the clerk of the

pleas

The like in C% B.

4 attornies.

The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George IIL pleas o£ the Exchequer, for the time being, or their re-fpe&ive deputies, and four of the mod reputable pra&ifing attornies of the laid court to examine all perfons applying to be admitted attornies of the laid court, and for the other purpofes herein mentioned, to continue during the plcafure of the faid court of Exchequer, who are hereby required, if any of the faid perfons fhail be difplaced, disqualified to a£, or difahled to pra&ice, to appoint one or more perfon or perfons in his or their places, fo that the number of examiners (hall not be lefs than four attornies at any time.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-

laid, That from and after the lad day of Trinity term, one te±°unlcfit&

thoufand feven hundred and Seventy four, no perfon apply- fidei rc<p,„

ing to be admitted an attorney of the Said courts of King's fites by 7 O. a.

Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer, or any of them, c- 5-,£e proem

(hall be admitted an attorney of any of the courts aforefaid,	**

uulefs over and above and befides the requifites, appointed herein.

to be performed by a certain datute made in this iangdom

in the feventh year of the reign of his late Majedy King

George the fecond, entitled. An ad for the amendment of the

law xlr relation to poptfb folicitors, and for remedying other mif

chiefs m relation to the praQitioners in the feveral courts of law

ana equity, fuch perfon, who (hall apply to be admitted an

attorney, (hall fird procure a certificate of the faid perfons

fo appointed, or three of them, Signed by them. Setting

forth th&L they have driftly enquired and examined into

the morals and qualifications of the perfon fo applying to be

admitted an attorney, and that they think him a proper per-

Ibn to be fo admitted; which certificate fhail be filed in the

court, of which fuch perfon fhail fo apply to be admitted 3

and an atteded copy thereof fhail be produced and openly

read in the faid court previous to his being fwom an attorney

therein.

V.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Noticc ^ That every perfon, who fhail fo apply to be admitted an application attorney as aforefaid from and after the faid lall day of polled on each Trinity term, one thoufand feven hundfed ^nd Seventy four, court one full fhail give notice in writing of fuch his intended application,

to be publifhed and poded upon each of the faid courts one ^	9

full term preceding fuch his intended application, fpecify-ing therein his name and firname, whom he Served, the names and additions of his parents, and, if they be living, where they refide; and that fuch publication of the faid notice fhail be made appear to the perfon fo appointed by the court, or three of them, where fuch perfon (hall lo apply to be admitted an attorney, by an affidavit to be fird filed in the proper office of fuch court or courts, and for Vo*. VI.	D	the

Digitized by Google

Na »f prentice admitted! attorney without affidavit, or as by judges directed, as herein.

N«ne to pra&ice or ufe attorney’s name, unlcfs regularly admitted in fome other court.

The thirteenth andfourteenth Tears of George III. the filing and attefling the copies thereof the fum of two (hillings, and no more, (hall be paid.

VI.	And whereas many inconveniencies and mifehiefs have frequently arifen and daily arife to fuitors and others, by reafon that perfons, who have been legally admitted at-tornies of the courts, but who afterwards refided intirely or for the moll part in the country, do there in like manner take apprentices from amongft the lower clafs of the

' people without education as aforefaid, or any means of fub-iifting themfelves, and caufe them to be fwom attornies of the (laid courts, where it often happens, they never after appear, but become common barreters or promoters of fuits efpecially amongft labouring and induftrious poor people, to the impoverifhing and ruin of ihem and their families: and whereas feveral attornies, who attend the faid courts at Dublin, fufter pet Tons not qualified to profecutc and defend fuits both at law and in equity in the faid courts in their names, whereby great injury does arife to the fuitors and to the publick: therefore be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That no perfon whatfoever, hereafter to be bound an apprentice to an attorney of any of the faid courts, (hall be admitted an attorney thereof, unlefs he /hall make appear to the judges of the court, in which he fo applies to be admitted, by affidavit or affidavits to be filed in the proper office, or an attefted copy or attefted copies thereof, (for the filing and copy of which the fum of two (hillings, and no more, (hall be paid) or in fuch other manner as fuch judges (hall for that purpofe appoint or direct, that as well the attorney, to whom he (hall fo have been bound, (hall have ferved, according to the afbrr-faid a& of the feventh of George the fecond, as alfo that the faid perfon fo applying to be admitted (hall have for the fpace of three years next before the time of fuch application attended for two terms at the leaft in every year at the Four Courts in Dublin, or fuch one of them whereof fuch attorney is a member.

VII.	Provided always, and be it cnadfed by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe of ficknefs or other unavoidable accidents the judges and barons of the faid courts refpec-tively (hall and may make fuch allowances and exceptions, as they in their diferetion (hall think fit.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That no perfon (hall for the future be permitted to piadtice or make ufe of the name of any attorney of any of the faid Four Courts in Dublin, unlels he (hall have been regularly admitted an attorney in fome other of the laid courts; and that from and after the faid firft day of Trinity term, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy four, it (hall

and

6

Digitized by L,ooQle

The thirteenth andfourteenth Tears of George lit.	51

fcnd may be lawful for the judges and barons of the faid A. D. courts refpedively, wherein any perfon not properly auali- '1773-4. fied (hall prefume to a d or pradice of make ufe of the v—"“v hame of any attorney as aforefaid, by order of court to re- Judges niay

tiuire any perfon fo making ufe of the name of any attor- ordcf aPPcar“

*	/	rr .,	. P. . . . . , / ance 111 court,

ney as aforelaid, or ctherwue practicing without being pro1-

perly qualified, as alfo any perfon or perfons permitting nis or their name or names to be fo ufed, and all and every fuch other perfon or perfons as the faid judges or barons refpedively ihall think neCeflary or proper, to appear before them refpedively in open court, and to examine upon oath fuch perfon or perfons in relation to fuch pradice; and if fuch unqualified perfon, or filch perfon permitting his name to be made ufe of as aforefaid, (ball upon fuch order being duly ferved upon him refufe or negled to appear, or if after appearance by his or their voluntary con-feffion, or by proof made by one or more credible witnefa or vvitneffes upon oath, it ihall appear, that fuch perfon or perfons hath or have’ fo acted or practiced, or permitted his or their name or names to be made ufe of as aforefaid, that then and in any of thefe Cafes it (hall and may be lawful for the faid judges and barorts of the faid courts rcipec-tivcly for every fuch offence to punifh fuch unqualified perfon or perfons, or fuch perfon or perfons fo permitting his or their name or names to be made ufe of, as for a contempt of fuch court.

IX.	Provided this ad, or any thing herein contained, Judges ttot fhall not extend or be conllrued to extend to prevent the prevented faid judges of barony or any of them, from examining ^g^araaer^ and enquiring into the charader and qualifications of fuch aruiCqualiiica-perfons, as fhall apply to be admitted attornies in their tions, Jco. tefpedive courts, or from admitting or refuting to admit fuch perfons in fuch manner, and with difcretion, as the faid judges and barons refpedively have heretofore in that behalf lawfully ufed*

CHAP. XXIV.

An Ad for amending two Ads faffed in the tajl Se/font9 the bne entitled, An Ad for the Relief of poor Infants <wbj are $r fhall be deferted by their Parents ; the other, entitled, An Ad for preventing the fpreading of Fires, and for appoint-ing of IVatches in Cities and Towns Corporate, and for other Putpofes.

WHEREAS an ad patted in the lafl feflion of Par- ,t an<j liament for the relief of poor infants, who area. or fhall be deferted by their parents, the provifions of which extend only to pantiles within cities: and whereas Da	it

$2	TZe thirteenth andfourteenth Tears if George III.

Ji. D. it is reafonablc, that other parifhes as well as thofe within 1773*4	cities (hould be obliged to maintain fuch poor children, as

Chap. 24. fhall be deferted and left within the (aid refpedive pa-J fifties: be it exuded by the King’s moft excellent Majefty by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal and the commons in this prefent Parliament aflcmbled, and by the authority of the lame, That in every parifh in this kingdom (except in the cities of Dublin and Cork, for which provifion is made by particular ads of Parliament) a veftry (hall be held annually at fuch time, by fuch perfons, and in fuch regulations, and in veiled with fuch powers, as is dire&ed by the laid firft ad with refped to parifhes within cities; and that the overfeers in fuch parifhes refpedively (hall take up, and provide for the maintenance and education of all fuch children, as (hall i>e deferted and expofed within their refpedive parifhes, at the age of twelve months or nnder, fubjed to the rcftric-tions in the faid firft mentioned ad ; and fuch fums of money, us (hall be neceftary for the purpofes aforefaid, (hall be railed upon the refpedive parifhes in the fame manner, and with fuch remedies, as other parifh ceffes. it and va II. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That G. j. c 15. f. 3 f0 much of the faid firft mentioned ad as direds, that the b*	^ums» to ^ ra*^d in purfuance of the find ad, fhall be

money repealed, aflefied upon the inhabitants of the feveral houfes within fuch cities refpedively according to the minifter’s money payable out of fuch houfes, may be repealed; and that fums aflefled luch fums fhall be afTcfTed by the perfons and in the man->hy value of ner therein directed upon the inhabitants of the feverai houfoa.	houfes within fuch cities refpedively according to the value

of fuch houfes refpedively.

III.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That if any parifh (hall refufe or negled to raife fuch fums, as On ntinifter’t ^	necc^a,7 ^or	purpofes of this or the faid former

complaint of	ad, it	fhall and may	be	lawful to and for the next going

parifh % negled judges of afiize, or one of them, upon complaint made to mifclnl l<*ud s or tbcm hY tbc parifh miniftcr or curate of fuch parifh, of aflize* as *** which complaint fuch miniftcr or curate is hereby required herein. * .to make, of fuch refufal or negled, to order fuch fum to be raifed on fuch pari(h, as he or they (hall think fit, fo as the fame do not exceed the fum of five pounds for each child, which fhall he left expofed and deferted in fuch parifh, of the age of twelve months or under; and the fums fo directed to be raifed fhall be afTefTcd and levied upon fuch parifh by the perfons, in the manner, and with the like remedies, as money prefented by grand juries to be raifed ;	and the fums	fo	levied fhall be paid to the minifler

ot curate of fuch parifh,	and by him applied to the purpofes

of the laid ad; and the judge or judges of ailize, to

whom

T7fe thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of Georg* III.	53

whom fuch complaint (hall be made, are hereby empowered A. D. and required to examine upon oath touching the matter of 1773*4-fuch complaint.	Chap.	24*

IV.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That

if any overfeer, appointed in purfuance of this or the faid Overfrer former ad, (hall refufe or negled to execute the duty of the find office, he fhall forfeit for every fuch offence the Cl 1 fum of ten pounds, to be recovered by civil bill in the name of the roinilter or curate of fuch parifh, in which fuch refufal or negled fhall happen, with full colls of fiiit; and the fum fo recovered fliall be applied towards, the maintenance and education of the deferted children in fuch parifh.

V.	And whereas by an ad parted in the laft feflion of 11 and rt Parliament for preventing the fpreading of fires, and for G* 3* c N* appointing watches in cities and towns corporate, it » en-

aded, That the fums to be raifcd in purfuance of the faid niinifter’!» mo-7

ad, fhall be arteffed upon the occupiers of houfcs within ney repealed.

their refpedive parifhes according to the rate at which fuch

houfes are valued for the colledion of minifters money:

and whereas fuch valuation has been found inexpedient; be

it therefore enaded by the- authority aforefaid, That fo*

much of the (aid ad fhall be repealed, and that fuch fums

fhall be aflerted by the perfons, and in the manner therein

ttire&ed upon the occupiers of the feveral houfes within fuctr

parifhes refpe&ivdy according to the value of fuch houfes

refpedivcly.

VI.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That On complaint

if any of the faid parifhes fhall after the firft day of June of pariflies ner next negled to make provilion for the purpofes in the faid to provide fecond ad mentioned, fo for as the fome relates to provid-	may”

ing fire engines, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the order sol. to be

i’udges of affize, or one of them, upon complaint made to raifed as herein, tim or them of fuch negled, to order any fum not exceeding the fum of fifty pounds, to be raifed upon the pa* rifh guilty of fuch negled; and the fum fo ordered to be raifed fhall be aflerted and levied upon fuch parifh by the perfons, in the manner, and with like remedies, as money prefented by ^rand juries; and the fums fo raifed fhall be paid to the minifter or curate of fuch parifh, and by him applied to the purpofes of the faid fecond ad; and the judge or judges of affize, to whom fuch complaint fhall be made, are hereby empowered and required to examine upon oath touching the matter of fuch complaint.

VII.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That Defendant* if any adion or foit fhall be commenced or profecuted may plead gt ns* again ft any perfon or perfons for any thing, which fhall be ral muc, Scc. done in purfuance of this ad, or of the two ads herein mentioned, the defendant or defendant* may pkad the ge- a publick a<$*

neral

Digitized by

Google

54-

A, D, <773-4-

7he thirteenth and fourteenth Years of George III. neral iflue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence ; and this aft (hall be deemed a publick aft, and judicially taken notice of as fuch. •

CHAP. XXV.

jin ASl for amending an An pajfed in the third Year of the

Reign of his prefent Majijiy, entitled, An Act for confirm-ing the 'Titles and for quieting the Pojfejfwn oj ProtcjLants% and for giving 'Time to Converts from Popery to perform t/jc Requifitcs of Conformity preferibed by the Taws againfl Popery.

Recital 3 o. ^TXTHEREAS by an aft pafled in the third year of yc*	VV	the	reign	of	\iis	prefent Majcfty, entitled, An a8

for confirming the titles and for quieting the pffeffon of pratef-fonts, and fur giving time to converts from popery to perform the requifites of conformity, preferibed by the laws againfl po~ j>ery> it is enafted, that the title, pofiefiion, eftate, or intereft of any proteftant in or to any mefiuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments in this kingdom, (hall not be avoided or impeached by aid of the laws made in this kingdom to prevent the growth of popery, or by the aid of any of the faid laws, by means or colour of any right or pretended right, which accrued twenty years before the then feflion of Parliament, if no fuit had been commenced or proiecuted within that time claiming fuch right; and if iome perfon or perfons of full age, of found memory, out of prifon, in this kingdom, and * difeovered, the right being in a woman, had been in being fometime w ithin twenty years before the firlt of the then feflion of Parliament, or nefore the commencement of twenty years before the (irll day of the then feflion, who might have fued for fuch right; and whereas the laid law has had many falutary effefts, and it is expedient to extend the benefit of the fame in general againfl all claims of the fame nature* not fued for or p^o-fecuted within twenty years; be it enafted by the King** mod excellent Majefly, by and with the advice and confcnt of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament afltmbled, and by the authority of the lame, That the title, pofleflion, eftate, or intereft of any proteftant in or to any lands, •tenements, or hereditament a in this kingdom, (hall not be avoided or impeached by- the *	aid	of the laws made in this kingdom to prevent the growth

of popery, or by the aid of any of the faid law’8, by means or by colour of any right or pretended right, w’hich arofe or accrued twenty years before the firft day of the prefent feflion of Parliament, if no fuit has been commenced or pro fecuted within that time claiming fuch right; and if fome

perfoa

Digitized by

Google

, The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George III. ' perfon or perfons of full age, and of found memory, and out of prifon, and in this kingdom, and difeovert, (the Tight being in a woman) hath been in being fome time within twenty years before the firft day of the prefent fef-fion of Parliament, or before the commencement of twenty years before the firft day of the prefent feflion of Parliament, who might have fued for fuch right; nor by the aid of the faid laws, or any of them, by means or colour of any right or pretended right, which (hall or may have arifen or accrued twenty years before the commencement or profecu-tlon of any fuit claiming fuch right, if fome perfon or perfons as aforefaid of full age, and of found memory, and out of prifon, and in this kingdom, and difeovert, (the right being in a woman) (hall have been in being at any time before the commencement or profecution of fuch fuit, who might have fued for fuch right.

II. Provided, That nothing herein contained (hall bar, defeat, or prejudice any judgment or decree heretofore obtained by any perfon or perfons whatfoever in any court of law or equity, or any fuit now depending, grounded on the popery laws, which hath been duly proceeded upon.

CHAP. XXVI.

An AEt for enforcing a due execution of the haws relative to Turnpike Roads in this Kingdom.

Not to defeat judgment*, or decrees, &c.

revived and continued to 04 June 1790, &c. by 17 and i3 G. 3. c. 36. f. xo.

WHEREAS turnpike roads are become general in Reftrained this kingdom, and it is of great moment to the	3*

inland commerce of and the intercourfe within this king- c* dom, that the laws heretofore made, and thofe that (hall forced 19 & 20 hereafter be made, for the levying of tolls for the making G. 3, c. 50. and repairing thofe roads, be duly and faithfully executed : be it cnadled by the King’s moft excellent Majelly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the treafurers of the turnpike roads in this kingdom refpeclively, (hall on or before the firft day of Odobcr one thoufand feveo hundred and feventy four, depofite with the clerks of the peace of the counties refpe&ively, through which the turnpike roads of this kingdom or any parts thereof are carried, full, true, and fair copies of all contra&s made with the commiflioners of the faid turnpike roads refpe&ively, for making and repairing the faid roads refpeftively. or any bridges on them, and all the orders made by the commiflioners, or a competent number of the commiflioners of the turnpike roads of this kingdom rcfpe&ively for any purpofe or purpofes whatfoever, any ways relative to the faid turnpike roa^i

rcfpc&ivdy.

Digitized by

Google

,	Tbi	thirteenth	attffourteenth Teart of George III.

A* D.	refpedively, down to the faid firfl day of Odober, one tboe-

1773*4*	^an<^ ^evcn hundred and feventy four; and all fuch con-

Chap. 26* trads and orders as aforefaid, to be made after that day, within one calendar month after the making of the fame, and after the firfl of October, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy four, yearly and every year on every firft day of Odober the full annual produce of the toll of the tnmpikc roads of this kingdom refpedively/ and the expences of collcding the fame.

Penalty ael. II- And be it further enabled by the authority afore-per month. faid, That every treafurer of any turnpike board in this kingdom, who fhall fail to comply with the faid orders hereby given, or with any of them, fhall forfeit the firm of twenty pounds for every calendar month, during which be fhall fail after the times aforefaid refpedively to comply with the faid orders, or any of them j which faid penalty or penalties fhall be fued for by civil bill, levied, and recovered, as is direded, and by the fame rules in allrefpe&s, given by the laws which have created that judicature in the cafes provided for by thofe laws, in the name of the clerk of the crown of that county where the civil bill ought to be brought; and in tliofe cafes where there (hall be no treafurer, or where the treafurer (hall be an abfeonding or infolvent perfon, the faid duties, hereby required to be performed by the treafurer, fhall be performed by the per-lon or perfons refpedively, who do or fhall receive the tolli of the faid turnpike roads refpedively or any part of the faid tolls from the gats-keepers, or immediate colledors of the faid tolls refpedively ; and if the faid duties being incumbent on the faid laft mentioned perfons (hall not be performed by them as aforefaid, the perfon or perfons, refpcc* tively receiving the faid tolls or any part of them as aforefaid, may be fued for and compelled to pay the faid po nalty or penalties as aforefaid; and the clerks of the crown of the counties in this kingdom refpedively are hereby required upon the application of any perfon, who (hall firfl depofite with them refpedively twenty (hillings for every civil bill to be brought ay aforefaid to indemnify them refpedively from the coils of a difraiflal, (hall permit fuch furta as aforefaid by civil bill to be carried on with effed in their names, and after a decree obtained fhall fee the faid penalties duly and effedually levied; and the faid penalties when levied (hall be difpofed of in manner following, (that is to fay) in the firfb place a fum not exceeding forty (hillings fhall be deduded thereout for the cofts and expences of each fuit by civil bill; and one tenth part of each penalty to the perfon who fhall promote the faid fuit; one other tenth part to the clerk of the crown for his trouble therein j one other tenth part to the ^fork of the peace for his trouts

The thirteenth andfourteenth Yean of George III. ble; and the remainder of the faid penalties (hall be given to the governors of the infirmary of that county, where the penalties (hall be incurred, for the ufe of that infirmary; and the clerks of the peace are hereby required to prcferve all the faid papers and writing* to be fo depofited with them carefully in their offices refpe&ively, and to foffer them at all (eafonable and convenient hours to be infpe&ed during the time of the affixes and quarter feffions of the counties of this kingdom refpe&ively by every literate perfon, who (hall defire it, which the judges of aflizc and the juftices of the quarter feffions refpe&ively are hereby authorized and required upon complaint to enforce a due compliance with, and to order in all cafes of ne-gled thofe offences to be proceeded againft as for a failure in the performance of the duties of their offices refpec-tively.

III.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

That no tampike commiffioner (hall fign any order for pay- for turnpike or ing, nor ftiall any treafurer of any turnpike board, pay any bridge, by the fum to any perfon whatfoever for making or repairing any	c*n"

turnpike road, or any part of any turnpike road, or for F making or repairing any bridge or any turnpike road in this kingdom, till the perfon fo applying (hall firft produce to fuch commiffionerg and treafurers, or other perfon or perfons receiving the tolls as aforefaid refpe&ively, * on affidavit fwom by the perfon or perfons, who have or hath been principally employed in making or repairing fuch road or bridge, before two juftices of the peace tor the county where the road or bridge, in refpecfc of which the application (hall be made, mall be of the following tenor :

I	do fwear, that 1 have been principally T*ie

employed in making or repairing (as cafe Jhallhappen) perches of the turnpike road of	Ijing from

in the county of	(or	as	the	cafe	Jhall

happen ) the bridge of	made on the tarn-

pike road of	in	the	county of

being the part cf the faid road, or the bridge on the faid road,

(as the cafe Jhall happen) which	ha	h	contracted or

been employed to make or repair ; and that the faid road or bridge is well, ejfe&ttally, and durably made and repaired according to the faid	his contra fl, or the terms on which Jje

war employed; which I have peruf d and read ; and that I have lodged a duplicate of this affidavit with the clerk of the peace of the county of

Which duplicates the clerks of the peace of the counties of Durlfcatef this kingdom refpedively arc hereby required to keep and JSrk acT***

prcferve *

No payment

Digitized by google

5&	The thirteenth andfourteenth Tears of George III.

A. D.	prefervc diligently amongft the records of that county, and

1773-4.	to fuffer them to be read and infpe&ed by every literate per-

Chap. 26. Tons who fhall defire it, during the affizes and quarter feffi-ons to be held for the county, on pain of fuch cenfure and punifhment as publick officers negle&ing the duties of their office are by law fubjedt to; and the judges of affize and juft ices of the peace at the quarter feffions are hereby authorized and required in cafe of negledt or failure herein to order thofe offences to be proceeded againft accordingly.

If order fign- IV. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That •d, src. before the commiffioners of any turnpike road in this kingdom, ancqual funi w^°» before fuch affidavit as aforefaid fhall be produced to forfeited. them, fhall fign or make any order for paying aiiy money for making or repairing any turnpike road or any part of any turnpike road in this kingdom, or for making or repairing any bridge' upon any turnpike road in this kidgdom, and the treafurer or other perfon who fhall receive the tolls as. aforefaid, who fhall make the faid payments, or any of them, fhall forfeit a fum equal to the fum, that fhall be fo ordered to be paid ; to be fued for, recovered, levied, and difpofed of as the penalties aforefaid are herein before dire&ed to be.

Erectors kc. V. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That Honnd to make the executors, adminiftrators, and afligns of all perfons, •r repair roads. w|,p jjavc or whQ {hall have any debenture, mortgage, or affignment of the tolls, or of any part of the tolls of any turnpike road in this kingdom for making or repairing any turnpike road or any part of any turnpike road in this kingdom, or for making or repairing any bridge or any turnpike road in this kingdom, or for performing any contract relative to any turnpike road in this ■*	kingdom, fhall, as far as the value of fuch debenture,

mortgage, or affignment extends, be as much bound to make and repair fuch road or bridge, and to perform every fuch contra^, as the perfon or perfons were, who firii undertook to make or repair fuch road or bridge, or to perform fuch contract.

Affidavit at VI. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That b* * rfon TiWjC in ^ Ca^CS w^cre k fhall be alledged, That any turnpike kdgbig°emhH2- commiffioners or commiffioner or any other perfon have or xlemcnt of tolls hath mifapplied, waited, or embezzled the tolls or any part at breach of of the tolls of any turnpike road in this kingdom, or broke or not performed any agreement or contra^ relative thereto, the fo^diargefTAc. P^011 fo alledging (ball make or caufe to be made one or more ms herein men- affidavits, as if in a caufe depending in the court of chancery or court of exchequer between the King’s attorney general

at

The thirteenth andfourteenth Tears of George III.	y

at the relation of the perfon fo alledging plaintiff and the A. D. perfon or perfons fo complained againft defendant or defend- 1773-4. ants. Hating the charges of fuch mifapplication, wafting, or Chap. 26. embezzlement, or breach or nonperformance of fuch agree-ment or contract againft the perfon or perfons complained againft particularly, and that the relator is not prompted to the proceeding by malice or ill will to any perfon whatsoever, and that the proceeding has not been meditated or contrived to favour or protect the defendant or defendants againft a more adverfary or againft any other proceeding, and that the relator is worth two hundred pounds above all his juft debts, or that he is ready and willing to give fuch fecurity to be anfwerable for coils, as the court (hall think leafonable ; and upon the filing of every fuch affidavit the King’s attorney general is hereby required to permit a motion to be made in his name to the court of chancery or court of exchequer for an order, that the perfon or perfons complained againft (hall anfwer the affidavit or affidavits fo to be made; and upon the coming in of fuch anfwer the court (hall or may according to the juft ice of the cafe either difmifs the complaint with cods, or order that a bill or information (ball be filed in the name of the attorney general at the relation of the party complaining againft the perfon or perfons complained againft, and that he or they (hall in due time anfwer the information or bill; and the court (hall proceed in the moll fummary courfe as ia poffeffary caufes, and order an examination of witneffes, and hear the caufe, and make fuch decree therein, as (hall be agreeable to the rules of equity and juilice; and for that purpofe (hall diredt all proper enquiries, and award cofts at the diferetion of the court to or againft the relator ; and at any ftage of the caufe order the relator, if the court (hall think it juft, to give fecurity to anfwer for cofts, if the bill or information (hall be difmiffed, with a reciprocal right of appeal to tlve parties; and if in any cafe it (hall appear, that the relator has eutered into a collufion with the perfon or perfons complained againft or (hall to favour the perfon or perfons complained againft forbear to profecute his fuit, the court (hall and may, and are hereby required to, order the caufe to be carried on by any other perfon, who (hall lend his name for that purpofe, in the relator’s name, entering into a reafonable fecurity to indemnify the relator from cofts; and the relator in every fuch cafe (hall be decreed to one fourth of the fum recovered, and to the cofts expended in carrying on the fuit; and the refidue of the fum recovered (hall be applied to the performance of the broken or not performed contract, or to the making or repairing the negledted road or bridge (as the cafe (hall happen) and the

court

Digitized by

Google

fo	The thirteenth andfourteenth Tears of George III.

A* IX court (hall give proper and neeeila ry orders for thofe pur-1773-4. pofes.

Chap. 26.	VII. Provided always, and be it ena&ed by the authority

t--—aforefaid, That no fuit grounded on this ad (hall be com-No fuit for menced (except in the cafe of fuch contradors as aforefaid) ^le^compUint ^ m7 mi^aPph’cation or embezzlement of fuch tolls as in ^ years, &c. *fo*tf*id, unkfs fuch complaint as aforefaid (hall be made within four years after fuch misapplication or embezzlement; ■or againft the executor or adminiitrator of any perfoo charged with fuch mifapplication or embezzlement (except as aforefaid) uulefs a fuit (hall have been commenced againft the perfon, whom fuch executors or ad-mini(I rat or s (hall reprefent, in the life time of fucb per-foci.

Prefcntment at fummer affixes, not above 3I. a year.

Treafnrtr, Bec. (hall draw up an account of toll received and how applied, fire, pt nalty sol per month.

VIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the grand juries of the counties in this kingdom refpcdhrely at the fummer affixes to prefent any fum not exceeding three pounds a year to the clerk of the peace of each county for doing the duties herein required, to be levied as other county taxes, if it (hall appear to them, that thofe duties have been faithfully performed, but not otherwise; which preferments may be traverfed and tried in the ordinary courfe.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That the treafurer of every turnpike road in this kingdom* or other perfon or perfons receiving the tolls or any part of the tolls of any turfipike road in this kingdom from the collc&ors or collector of thofe tolls, (hall on or before the firft day of O&ober, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy four, draw up an account of the tolls received by fuch perfon or perfons from the time of the lad account dated by fuch perfon or perfons, his or their predeceffor or predeceffors, with the turnpike board of that road, and date fully and particularly how the tolls fo received from the time 0/ fuch lad account have been applied, paid, or difpofed of, and to whom, and (hall hgn fuch account in the prefence of two or more literate perfons, who (hall fubfenbe the fame as witnefTes, and (hall depofite the fame with the clerk of the peace of thofe counties refpe&ively, through which fuch turnpike road doth run, on or before the firft day of October, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy four; and every fuch treafurer and other perfon (hall yearly and every year hereafter diaw up and lodge an account, fuch as herein before is directed in all rcfpe&s, with the fame clerks of the peace refpe&ively, on pain of forfeiting twenty pounds for every calendar month during which fucb perfon or perfons (hall negleft or fail to comply with the laid lad mentioned.

duties

Digitized by

Google

The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George IXZ.	^

duties hereby enjoined: and if in fuch accounts, or any -of A* IX them, any wilful overcharge fhafl be made, or wilful error 1773-4* committed, every perfon, guilty of fuch overcharge or er* ror, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit a fum equal to the amount of the fum twice told or reckoned, that the publick fhall be attempted to be defrauded of by fuch wilful overcharge or error 5 which faid penalties herein lad fpecided (hall be dertc*. to pro-fued for, levied, and didributed in all refpeds, as the other penalties herein before fpecified are diredied to be; and the clerks of the peace of the refpedive counties of this kingdom refpedively arc hereby required to preferve all fuch accounts, and to permit the fame to be infpeded in all refpeds, as the other papers herein before direded to be preferved and infpeded are direded to be; and in this lad particular the clerks of the peace of this kingdom refpedively are to be under the fame controul as in the other indances herein before mentioned.

X.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforeiaid, A publick ad. That this ad (hall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick ad, and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, judices, and other perfons whatfoever, without fpecially pleading the lame.

CHAP. XXVII.

An AB to amend an AB pqffed in the eighth Tear of Ins prefoot Majtfty* entitled. An A3 for ereBingneuo Chapels of Eafe in the Pari/b of Armagh, and making fuch Chapas, aid thofc that are already ereBed in faid Part/b, perpetual Cures ; and for making a proper Provijion for the Maintenance of perpetual Curates to officiate in the fame; and for other Purpofes.

*IX7rHERJEAS by an ad paffed in this kingdom in the Amended *1 ’ ’ fecond year of the reign of her late Majedy Queen Q. y Anne, entitled, An AB for the exchange of glebes belong-ing to the churches in this kingdom, it is among other things enaded, that the laid lands fo given in exchange for fuch glebes, or any part thereof fo exchanged, (hall be held and enjoyed by fuch redors, and vicars, and their fucceflbrs for ever, as glebe, notwithdanding the fame did formerly belong to any archbifliop, bifhop, tenant for life or in tail, with the confent of the perfon immediately next in remainder: and whereas it hath been found expend ve, and inconvenient, and tmpofiible in many cafes to obtain fuch confent: therefore for the better and more fpee-dy execution of the good purpofes of the faid in part recital

v

Digitized by Google

A* I* cited a<5l, relative to exchange of glebes belonging tci *773r4#	churches In this kingdom, be it enadled by the authority

* Chap. 27.	aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for every

perfon or perfons, being fei/cd of an ellate tail in pofTeflion tenant tail, in jn any	by	}u*s	or	thejr	deed	or	deeds	under his or their

poflcflion may exchange lands 1 a glebe

>5.

Re&ors, tie. may exchange gleb* or demefne for convenient lands as by 2 Anne c. to.

hands and feals to exchange fuch lands or any part thereof at a glebe for the incumbent or minifter of any pariftl having fchool demefne, a£ual cure of fouls, or for a demefne for a mailer of any y 1 G. 2. c.	jn	fuch	manner and to fuch effedl, as perfons

Tcized of an eilate tail in pofleflion of any lands are enabled to grant fuch lands, as a glebe for the incumbent of any pariih having a&ual cure of fouls by an a£l that paflTed in the firft year of his late Majefly King George the fecondi entitled. An a8 for rendering wore effectual an afl, entitled, An act for the better enabling of the clergy having eure of fouls to reftde upon their rtf pc Hive benefices, and for the encouragement of protejlant fchools within this kingdom of Ireland, arid under fuch rtilri&ions as he or they might have done by virtue of faid in part recited acl, which palled in the fecond year of her late Majefty Queen Anne, or any other ail now in force in this kingdom.

II.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the feveral redlors, vicars, and other perfons having any cure of fouls in this kingdom, or for the mailer of any free fchool, by deed or deed* to exchange fuch glebes or demenfes as lie at a diilance from the pariih church or free fchool, or any part of fuch glebe* and demefne*, with any lay corporation, or body corporate or politick, for lands of equal value, worth, and pur-chafe, lying near and convenient to the faid church of fchool, in fuch manner and form, as by the acl made in the fecond year of her late Majefty Queen Anne, entitled. An aCl for the exchange of glebes belonging to churches, is di-redled.

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That it ihall and may be lawful for any lay corporation, or

with new glebe, body corporate or politick, by proper deed or deeds in writing not exceeding under their corporation feal, and inrolled within fix months in the rolls office of his Majefty’s high court of chancery in this kingdom, and for which inrollment the fum of thirteen (hillings and four pence, and no more, (hall be paid over and above die cxpences ufually paid to the engrailing clerk for the fame, to endow any church, chapelry, or perpetual curacy, appropriate or impropriate, having no glebes or not above ten acres of glebe, with a new glebe ; provided the faid new glebe of any one church, chapelry, or perpetual curacy as aforefaid, which ihall be fo endowed as aforefaid, (hall not exceed forty acres at the mod; and laid lands, fo

granted

Corporations

may endow

40 acres, &c.

inrollment

I3».4d.

Digitized by L,ooQle

; fhon I

, lumcient. Sec,

The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George III.	^	6}

granted by fuch endowment is aforefaid, (hall be confidered A. D. as glebe lands to and for all the intents, purpofes, and advan- 1773-4. tages of the feveral ftatutes now in force in this kingdom Chap. ‘27. for the encouragement of building and improving upon glebe or church lands.

IV.	And whereas an aft made in this kingdom in the Rcc-lta| If an<| eleventh and twelfth of his prefent Majefty King George the 12 G. j. c. 16 third, entitled, yin ad for erecting parochial chapels of cafe in 9* for tnaking parifhes of large extent, and making fuch chapels and thofe that

are already ereded perpetual cures, and for making a proper provifion for the maintenance of perpetual curates to officiate in the fame, and alfo in like manner for making appropriate pa~ ri/besperpetual cures, it is among other things enafted, That fuch appropriate cures, as in faid aft are mentioned, fhall be hereafter deemed perpetual cures with the confent of the archbiftiop, biftiop of the diocefe, the dean and chapter of faid diocefe, and of the dignitary to whofe dignity fuch pa-rifli or parifties are appropriated, teftified in writing under their hands and feals, from the time fuch writing is entered in the regiftry of the diocefe, and in the regiftry of the me-tropolitical court of the province : and whereas there is ^nubt whether fome room to doubt from the words of faid aft before re- con'ent of Incited, whether the confent of the biftiop of the diocefe <bop fingly is fufficient in fuch cafes: therefore in order to remove i faid doubt, and for the better explanation of faid ftatute, be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, that no parifti with cure of fouls, appropriate or annexed to any dignity 6r part of the corps thereof, (hall hereafter be charged, or made a perpetual cure, purfuant to faid aft, without the exprefs confent of the archbiftiop of the province, where fuch parifti lies, firfl had in writing under his hand and feal, and regiftcred in the diocefan and metropolitical regiitry of faid province.

V.	And whereas in the laft in part recited aft it is en-afted, That it (hall and may be lawful for the chief gover- 1 nor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, with *01n(?eri^ the aftent and confent of fuch perfons as are mentioned in fhall be made at the aft of the fecond year of King George the firft, en- by 11 aud 12 titled. An ad for the real union and divifion of parifhes > to G w thout ^ unite appropriate parifties, and to difappropriate appropriate

parifties, or part of fuch parifties, and to unite fuch d ap- and chapter, propriated parifhes or part of fuch parishes to another pa-rifh, and to ereft fuch divided and united parifties into new parifties, with all parochial rights: be it further cn-afted by the authority aforefaid, that no difappropriation of appropriated parifhes in the manner above mentioned (hall or may be made in any diocefe without the confent of the dean and chapter under their corporate leal, two thirds at

leail

No difappr* , priation with

Digitized by

l f and i %

G. J. c. 17. £ 3

biihopt, Ac. Improving on gcbe or de-tnefne, not entitled to certificate, cm left fit for re$dcnce.

The thirteenth xmdfourteenth Tears of George III. leaft of the members of laid chapter being prefect and coa-fentiog.

VI.	And whereas by an aft made In the eleventh and twelfth of his prefent Majefty Kang George the third, entitled, An aS for rendering more ejfcQual the federal laws for the better enabling the clergy having cure of fouls to rcftde upon their beneficcsy and to buud on their refpeQive glebe lands, and to prevent dilapidations, and for the encouragement of prat flout fchools within this kingdom of Irelandy it is among other things enafted, that in all cafes where any archbiflnp, bilhop, or other ecclefiaflical perfon (hall from and after the palling of faid aft obtain a certificate for ereft-ing new buildings or for making other necelTary improvements on a new fite within his demefne, glebe, or menial lands, in fuch manner as is by the laid in part recited aft direfted, fuch archbilhop, bilhop, or other eede-fiallical perfon, his executors or adminiftrators refpeftively, (hall from his next and immediate fuccelTor in Head of three fourths of fpeh fum have and receive the full fum comprif-ed and fpecified in fuch certificate ; provided that fuch fum lhall not exceed the clear value of two years income : and whereas it hath been doubted, whether perfons, who lhall build or make improvements or have fo built or made improvements upon the demefne, glebe, or menfal lands, lhall be intitled to the faid fum not exceeding the clear value or two yeai*8 income, although they have not compleated or {inilhed their faid buildings and improvements fo as to make them fit and proper for the refidence of themfelves and their fucceffors : now for the removal of faid doubt, and the better explanation of faid aft, be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the archbilhops, biftops, and other ec-defiaflical perfons, and all mailers of free-fchools, who have at any time heretofore or lhall hereafter fo build and make improvements upon their demefne, glebe, or menfal lauds, lhall not be entitled to a certificate for a fum not exceeding the clear value of two years income of fuch archbifhoprick, bilhoprick, ecclcfiallical benefice, or of fuch free-fchools, except they (hall have previous thereto refpeftively compleated and finilhed their faid refpeftive buildings and improvements agreeable to memorials approved of for that purpose, and made them fit and proper for the refidence of themfelves and their fucceffors, but lhall receive three fourths only for fo much of the fame, as lhall be expended on faid buildings and improvements before the death or removal of the laid archbilhops, bifhaps, fchool mailers, and other ec-deiiaftical perfons, in like manner as direfted by thetwelfth of George the firff, entitled, An ad to amend and explain an off, entitled, A,n ad to encourage building of houfes, anfl

making

The thirteenth and fourteenth Teats of George III. making other improvements oh church lands, and to prevent di- A. D. lapiilations.	(	1773-4.

VII.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid,

That the matters of the feveral freefchools, who are now Schoolmafters, entitled to three-fourths of the fums expended by them in	C°

erecting buildings and making improvements upon their de- pr0vementsby mefne or menfal lands by virtue of the ftatute of the firft of 1 G. 2 c. 15. his late Majefty King George the fecond, entitled, An aft ^all de iscluded for rendering more effectual an aft, entitled, An aft for the in^an<l*aO* better enabling the clergy having cure of fouls to ref de upon '	7>

their refpeftive benefices, and for the encouragement of protejlant fchools within this kingdom of Ireland\ {hall for the future be included and comprized in the a& of his prefent Majefty King George the third, entitled, An aft for rendering more effectual the feveral laws for the better enabling the clergy hav* tag cure of fouls to re fide upon their benefices, and to build on their refpeftive glebe lands, and to prevent dilapidations, and for the encouragement of protejlant fchools within this kingdom of Ireland, and to all the benefits and advantages of faid a&* and {hall be entitled unto and have a certificate for a fum not exceeding two years income of the clear yearly income of faid fchool; in which clear yearly income the feveral fines received and expended upon faid buildings and improvements (hall not be included ; provided fuch buildings and improvements (hall be made under the fame appointments, reftric-lions, and limitations, as required by the faid a£t of the firft of his late Majefty before mentioned* and upon new feites, to be approved of by the archbifhop of Armagh for the time being under his hand and archiepifcopal feal, and (hall be compleated and finifiled fo as to be fit and proper for the refidence of the mailer of fuch fchool and his fuo coffers.

CHAP. XXVIII.

An Aft for amending and continuing an Aft peffed in the third Ttar of his prefent Majefty, entitled, an /{ft for the more ejfeftual amending and repairing the Road leading from the City of Dublin to the Bridge of Dunleer, and for the better fecuring the Debts due or to grow due to the Creditors of the faid Road.

WHEREAS an afl was puffed in the third year of Recital 3 O.

his prefent Majefty, entitled, An aft for the more 3. c. 30. ejfeftual amending and repairing the road leading from the city of Dublin to the bridge of Dunleer, and for the better fecuring the debts due or to grow due to the creditors of the faid road : and whereas feveral years of the term of forty one years,

Vol. VI.	E	for

Digitized by v^ooq le

The thirteenth and fourteenth Yean of George III. for which the faid aft was to continue, are fince elapfed, and it is reafonable, that the faid term (hould be renewed for the better fecuring the debts, which are owing to the faid creditors of faid road : and whereas the making the new line between the feven mile Hone and the fign of the car and horfe on the hill of Clonard on faid road, mentioned in faid aft, by which it was propofed to carry faid road to the weftward of its prefent courfe, from the difficulty and expence which, it has been found, would attend the fame, has not been attempted $ but the faid road might be greatly improved by other lines not fo difficult or expenfive to make: and whereas feveral parts of the faid road between the fourteenth and eighteenth mile Hones are extremely crooked, hilly, and inconvenient to travellers, and a road can be made much more level and convenient to travellers and the publick between faid mile Hones by a line to the eaHward of the prefent road : therefore be it enafted by the King’s moH excellent MajeHy, by and with the advice and confcnt of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of 31 tmfteestnay the fame, That it,(hall and may be lawful to and for the lay out new truHees of faid turnpike road, or any thirty one or more of lines, See. them, in cafe they (hall be enabled thereto by the tolls of the faid road, and that the fame fhall appear to them to be an improvement to the faid road and an advantage to the publick and travellers, to lay out any new line or linesto the eaHward of the prefent road between the fourteenth and eighteenth mile Hones, which, they may judge, wnll beHan-fwer the purpofe afortfaid, to be thirty feet wide in the clear ; and to ascertain the grounds through which the fame (hall pafs with fuch exceptions and reilriftions however to prevent fuch new road from doing a real injury to any perfon, and with fuch p.\>vifoes and claufcs for fecuring to the owners of any grounds* through which fuch new road (hall be carried, a fatisfaftion and recoinpence proportioned to any lofs they may fuHain thereby, as are contained in faid aft of the third of his prefent MajeHy relative to the new road or line in faid aft mentioned, and intended to have been made between the faid feven mile Hone and the faid lign of the car . -and horfe.

Stop up the II* And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That •Id road, dtc. the faid truHees, or any thirty one or more of them, where they fhall find any part of faid old road by means of faid intended new road become ufelefs and unneceflary, may order fuch part of faid old road to be Hopped up as foon as fuch new road fhall be finiffied and opened fertile ufeofthc publick ; and where the inheritance of the ground of fuch part of the faid old road to be Hopped up, and of the new

66

A. D.

17 73-4-Chap. 28.

The thirteenth andfourteenth Tears of George III	,6?

road to be opened, belong to the fame perfon, to give up A. D. fuchpart of the faid old road in lieu and exchange for the *773*4* new part, with fuch other fatisfadion as may be thought reafonable by faid truilees, or any thirty one or more of them.

III. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That 3 G. 3. c. 30. the faid act, with fuch alterations as are made therein by an<1 *his vthis prefent act, and alfo this prefent ad, (hall be and con- MatlDi7i/and tinue in force for the term of forty one years from the fird cna of next of May one thoufand feven hundred and feventy four, and feffion. from thence under the end of the then next feiliou of Parliament.

CHAP. XXIX.

An A3 for amending and repairing the Road leading from the City of Cork to the Brook which bounds the Counties of Cork and Tipperary near the Foot of Killworth Mountain^ and from thence to the Road leading from the Town of Clonmell in the County of Tipperary through the Towns of Clogheen,	*

Mitchelflown, and to Doneraile in the County of Corky andfor making additional Trujlees for the Turnpike Road between Kilkenny and Callan•

WHEREAS the highways or roads leading from the	^

city of Cork to the brook, which bounds the creafed and con-counties of Cork and Tipperary near the foot of Kilworth tinued to 1 Aug, mountain, and from thence to the road leading from the town of Clonmell in the county of Tipperary through the towns of Clogheen, Mitchelftown, and to Doneraile in the eounty of Cork, are dill ruinous and bad, notwithftanding the feveral provifions made by and in an ad made in the feventh year of his late Majedy King George the fecond, entitled, An a3 for making more ejfe3ual an ad pa fed in the fifth year of the reign of his then prefent Majefty King George the fccondy entitled, An ad for repairing the road leading from	^ G 1 z 10,

the city of Cork to the brook which bounds the counties of Cork fave as altered,, and Tipperary near the Foot of Killworth mountain, and for and herein other purpofes herein mentioned: and whereas the aforefaid veiled, highways and roads cannot be effedually amended and kept in good repair, and the purpofe and intent of the faid ad fulfilled, without fome further provifion be made for that purpofe, therefore be it enaded by the King’s mod excellent Majedy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the laid ad made in the feventh year of his late Majedy King E 2	George

Google

fS	The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George III.

A. D. George the fecond, and all and every the claufes therein I773"4*	contained, or thereby continued, altered, or amended, cx-

Chap. 29.	ccpt what are hereby altered or amended, (hall be of full

force and effed, and fhall continue and be executed, from the twenty fifth day of March in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and feventy four, for and during the term of thirty one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of Parliament, for the intents and purpofei in the faid ad and the ad therein recited, and herein after • mentioned, as if the fame powers and authorities granted and given by the faid adt and the faid ad therein mentioned Were herein again repeated and re-enaded in the body of this prefent ad ; any thiqg in the faid former ad contained to the contrary notwit hftanding.

Truftees ntm- And ** cna&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the *d, &c.	perfons	herein	after	named, and none other, be the truftees

for putting the faid ad and this prefent ad in execution; and that on the death of the herein named truftees, or their fefufing to ad in faid truft by writing under their hand* and feals, that then it lhall and may be lawful for the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them during (aid former and this prefent ad to eled in the room of fuch perfon or perfons fo deceafed or refufing, and fo on from time to time, one or more fit and able perfon or perfons to be joined with the furviving truftees in the execution of this and the aforefaid ad, fo as that the whole number of faid truftee3 fhall amount to fifty, and no more, that is to fay, his grace the duke of Devonfhiie, the right honourable Richard earl of Shannon, William earl of Inchiquin, John James earl of Egmont, Edmond earl of Cork and Orrery’, Edward earf of Kingfton, George lord vifeount Middleton, John lord vifeount Clanwillhm, Stephen lord vifeount Mountcalhell, John lord baron, Lille, John lord barun Kirgfale, lord K'ngf-borough, fir Robert Tilfon Deane, baronet, Jofeph Deane efq uirr, Richard Townflicnd, John Hyde, right honourable John Holy Hutchinfon, William Brabazon Ponfonby ef-quire, Denham Jcphfon fenior, efquire, Denham Jephfon junior, efquire, honourable Jofeph Lyiaght, honourable James Lyiaght, Nicholas Lyfaght efquire, Richard Long-fielcl efquire, Riggs Falkner efquire, Attiwell Wood efquire, Abraham Devoulhire elquire, James Denis efquire, fir Join Conway Cohhuift, baronet, James Kearney efquire. Sent Leger Sent Lcger ehjuire, Richard Aldworth efquire, Thi>-mas Adderley efquire, faint John Jeffcrys efquire, Edward Broderick efquire, William Toufon efquire, James Bernard efquire, honourable Colville Moore, honourable Robert Moore, honourable William Moore, Arthur Hyde efquire, Henry Cole Bowen efquire, Boyle Ayiworth dquire, Peter

The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George 111.	6g

Carey efquire, Mathias Henley efquire, Walter Atkins, ef- A. D. quire, reverend Mr. Stopford, Henry Peard efquire, Henry 1773-4* Mitchel efquire, Samuel Hoare, Chriftopher Hendley ef- Chap. 29. quire, Edmond Roche efquire, fir James Lawrence Cotter, v—-baronet, reverend Richard Purcel, reverend Charles Perceval, George Bowles efquire, Walter Croker efquire, reverend Stephen Bellelton, Richard Aldworth junior, efquire,

Chichefter Saint Leger efquire, Weftrope Watkins efquire,

Nicholas Green Evans efquire, William Love efquire, Bad-ham Thornhill efquire, reverend Edward Delany, reverend ,

Croneter Donden, Thomas Moore efquire, honourable John Lyfaght, Maurice Copinger efquire, William Anderfon efquire, Taylor Croker efquire, Mr. John Boyle, Mr. Thomas Andrews, and Mr. John Hennefy.

III.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That ^ ho*rd after the paffing of this ad, a meeting or board of the faid monthly, trullees, or any feven or more of them, (hall be held the

firft Monday in every month at leall; the firft meeting or board purfuant to this ad to be at fome convenient place in the city of Cork, of which the treafurer or receiver (hall give due notice 5 and the faid trullees lhall adjourn them-felves, and afterwards meet there or at any other place or places on or near the faid highways or roads to be repaired, as the faid trullees or any feven of them fhall think convenient 5 and if it (hall happen, that there lhall not appear at any meet- po^cd by ing or board, which lhall be appointed to be had or held by treafurer/ the faid trullees or in purfuance of this ad a fufheient number of trullees to ad at fuch meeting, and to adjourn to any other day, then and in fuch cafe the receiver or treafurer to the (aid trullees lhall appoint the faid truilees to meet at the houfe, where the meeting of the faid trultees was lalt appointed to be had, or at fome other convenient houfe on or near the faid roads on that day fortnight, upon which fuch lall meeting or board was appointed to have been held, of which fuch receiver or treafurer is hereby required to give due notice.

IV.	And be it eoaded by the authority aforefaid, That Eredtun^ the faid trullees, or any feven or more of them, lhall and may P:k«. ered or caufe to be ereded fuch other or more gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes, and toli-houfe or toll-houfes, and in

Inch places upon or adjoining to faid roads, as they lhall think proper or convenient: provided that no fuch gate, turnpike, or toll houfe be ereded nearer unto the city of Cork than the Hone called the one mile (lone.

V.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That Lctre tolls the faid trullees, or any feven or more of them, lhall have an<l contract power to make leafes from time to time of the faid tolls ^or rePair> of faid roads or any part thereof for any term not exceeding

two years; and alfo to contract with any perfon or per-

fons

70

A. D.

1773-4-Chap. 29.

Security by ContraAorn payable quarterly.

Law agent appointed by treafurer.

Toll contractors not to repair.

The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George III. fons for the repair of the faid roads or any part thereof for any term not exceeding two years ; and that all leafe* and contracts hereafter to be made for any longer term than two years from the time of making thereof lhall and are hereby declared to be void to all intents and purpofes what foe ver.

VI.	And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That every perfon, who (hall hereafter during the continuance of this and the faid former ads take or contract for the faid tolls, or any of them, {hall at the time .he (hall fo take or contradt for the fame, perfedt bonds and warrants to the treafurer payable quarterly each after each for the fame to be drawn, filed, or approved of by the law agent of the board ; and {hall at the fame time procure one or more folvent and refponfible perfon or perfons to join him as furety therein, if the laid truftees or any feven or more of them {hall think fit to require the fame; and upon the nonpayment of the faid bonds, as the fame {hall re* fpedtively become due, the fame {hall carry legal mtcrtlt until paid.

VII.	And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid truitees, or any feven or more of them, by writing under their hands and feals {hall and may at any of their meetings nominate and appoint a law agent or attorney for the purpofe of tranfadting all the law bufinefs of the board ; and the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, fhall and may at any of their meetings order the treafurer to pay the faid law agent or attorney from time to time his bills of coft, whofe receipt for the fame {hall be a fufticient voucher for the faid treafurer on his account with the board.

VIII.	And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That no perfon or perfons, who fhall after the t wenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy four, take or contradt for, or be in any wife concerned in the taking or contra&ing for the tolls of faid roads, or any part thereof, fhall in his or their own name, or the name or names of any other perfon or perfons undertake, agree, or contract for the repair of faid roads, or any part thereof; and any perfon or perfons who {hall from the faid time undertake, agree, or contradt for the repairing, making, or amending faid roads or any part thereof, fhall take an oath before faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, and which oath they have hereby power to adminifter, that he or they do undertake the fame for his or their own ufe, and not for the ufe of or in tmft for or for the benefit of any perfon or perfons concerned in the taking or contracting for the tolls of laid roads, or any pjut thereof.

IX, And

The thirteenth andfourteenth Tears of George III.	71

IX.	And whereas it may be found ufeful to alter and	Ai D.

change parts of the faid road by making other ftraight or	1773-4-

convenient lines different from the prefent: be it ena&ed Chap. 29.. by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful V—— to and for the faid trupees, or any feven or more of them, to ^ay fct °.ut ascertain, deferibe, mark out, and fet apart, any part or parts n°t ga or proportions of the lands convenient to faid road, not being walled park, a garden, walled park, whereof the wall (hall be at the leaft five feet high, orchard, yard, or meadow, planted walk, or avenue to an houfe, as they the faid truftees, or feven or more of them, fhall judge necefTary for carrying the fame in a convenient line or fines: and the faid truftees, or feven or more of them, are hereby further authorized and im«* powered to treat and agree with the owners and others in* terefted in the faid ground, to be made ufe of in carrying the faid road in fuch line or lines, for fuch recompence and fatisfa&ion to be made for the fame out of the tolls and duties arifing by this and the faid former a&8, as the faid truftees, or feven or more of them, fhall think fit and rea*

{finable ; and in cafe any perfon or perfons fhall negleCt or warrant to refufe to treat or agree as aforefaid, or through any difabi* (heriflf to return lity, through non age, coverture, or fpecial limitation, or jury to inquire by reafon of any other impediment, cannot or otherwifethc vaiuc* howfoever refufe to difpofe of their refpe&ive interefts in fuch lands, as the faid truftees, or {even or more of them, fhall think convenient for the making fuch line or lines as aforefaid, in every fuch cafe the faid truftees, or feven or more of them, are hereby authorized and impowered to iffue forth their warrant or warrants to the fheriff or fheriffs of the county, where fuch ground doth lie, to impannel and return before the faid truftee3, or any feven or more of them, at fuch time and place within the faid county, as fhall be appointed by faid warrant or warrants, a fufficient jury, who upon their oaths (which oaths the faid truftees, or feven or more of them, are hereby empowered and 1 equired to adminifter) fhall enquire into the true and real value of fuch ground to be made ufe of for the faid highway or road; and fuch verdicts and inquifitions, as fhall be fo found and returned by the faid jury ascertaining the value of fuch ground, fhall be final and conclufive as well to the faid truftees as to thefeveral and refpeCtive owners and proprietors of fuch ground notwithftanding any difability or incapacity whatsoever ; and the (aid ground fhall be afterwards from thenceforth deemed and taken as a part of the highway and road to all intents and purpofes whatfoever.

X.	And whereas the late Hugh Norcott efquire, deceaf- Treafuref ed, James Norcott, and William Norcott efquire, and feveral may fue other perfons have contracted debts with, and they or their debtors,

reprefentatives

Digitized by LiOOQle

'

7'he thirteenth ana fourteenth Tears of George III reprefentatives Hill remain indebted to the t ruftces appointed by the aforclaid f(*rmer acts of the fifth of George the fe-cond, and feventh of George the iccond, or fome of them, or their treafurer, and have executed bonds and warrants to confefs judgments tlureon, or pafftd other fecurities or vouchers to the faid truflcep, or lorr.e of them, or to their tieafurer, or remain dill indebted by book account or other-wife to faid treafurer, or for or on account of faid roads; be itena&edby the authority aforefa!d, That the faid trta-furer, or fuch other perfoii as (hall from time to time be appointed in his Head, (hall have full power and authority and he is hereby authorized and required to a(k, demand, fue for, recover, and receive from faid perfons fo indebted, their heirs, executors, ad min id rat ors, or afligns, all, each, and every of the faid debts, dues, and demands, in his own name, or in the name or names of the perfon or perions to whom the fame were or 3re made payable, and to iffue process or execution thereon forth of any court of law or equity in his own name, or in the name or names of the period or perfpns to whom the fame were or are made payable; and all fume of money, when fo by him received and reco-TCred^re^^in Wed, (hall be veded in and be to the ufe of the aforefatd the ti uflees, &c trudees for the like purpofes, trulls, and ufes, as any other as herein. (urns received by virtue of or under this or the faid former a&s; and in the mean time, and until the faid (urns fo due (h^)l be received and recovered, that the fame (hall be, and the fame are heteby declared to be, and to dand as a charge upon the real and perfonal edate of the perfons rcfpe&ivrly, who c >ntratled the faid debts, into whole hands foever the fame (hall come; faving neverthelefs the right of fuch per* fon or perfons who have been purchasers of the fame, or who h ve obtained any judgment or judgments, mortgage or mortgages, from or agaiuit the faid perfons, or any of th-m, before the twenty fifth day of March, one thou* land (even hundred and feventy four, bona Jide9 and for full and valuable ponlideratjon, without notice of fiud debts.

^ May on no- XI. And w hereas feveral perfons, having or holding lands i^ncroachuients or 8r0k!I^ near highways or roads, haVv* encroached aoulevy colU.* thereon, whereby tic iame ha.e be Jd render d Ids convenient to carriages and droves of catt.e palling and repairing : be it enabled by the authority aforeiaid. That the faid tritflees, or any (even or more of them, (hall give notice in writing to the tenant or tenants or owner or owners of (uch ground, where fuch incioachnient or incroaehments have been or (hall be made, to remove the fame, and enlarge the faid road to its former width, at his or their own expence; and in cafe fuch tenant or owfncrs (hall not remove the fame,

and

The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of Geoge III.	7J

and enlarge faid road as aforefaid, before the next monthly A. D. meeting or board, that then and in fuch cafe the laid trui- 1773-4, tees, or feven or more of them, (hall and they are hereby Chap. 29, authorized and required to caufe the faid incroachment to be removed, and the road to be enlarged as aforefaid, and to levy *he expences and cods thereof upon the goods and chat* ties of faid tenant or owners fo offending in fuch manner, as any fum may be levied by virtue of this or the laid former ads.

XII.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, Account of That all fuch perfons, as lhall undertake, agree, or contrad fumsexpetickd for the repairing, making, or amending faid roads, or any #a Vlt* part thereof, (hall give in, and deliver to faid trtiftees, or

feven or more of them, at their monthly board or meeting a clear, full, and true account of all fuch fums, as they have expended in the altering, amending, or making faid roads, describing the parts altered, made, or amended, and the manner in which the fame was done ; which accounts they (hall, if required, verify by affidavit, which the faid truf-tees, or feven or more of them, are hereby ixnpowered to adminider.

XIII.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That

any number of the faid truftees, not lefs than feven, lhall f/	2	’ **

be deemed a fufficient number to do and perform any aft or 7 G. a. c." aa

or deed, direded by or mentioned in the aforefaid ads of the

fifth of George the fecond, and feventh of George the fe*

cond, as fully as if the number of feven had been therein re-

fpedively mentioned 5 any thing in the faid ads or either of

them to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XIV.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, Expence of

That the faid treafurer (hall, out of fuch money as (hall be	^

in his hands, in the firft place pay and difeharge the ex-

pence of procuring this ad of Parliament; and that if any fuch (hall be commenced againft any perfon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this ad, that in every fuch cafe the adion (hall be laid in the refpedive counties of Cork and of the city of Cork, and not elfewhere; and the defendant or defendants in fuch adions may plead the general iffue; or if in replevin, avow, that he or they aded by virtue of this ad, and may give this ad and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done by the authority of this ad ; and if it (hall appear to be fo done, or that fuch adion or adions (hall be brought in any other county, that then the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants, avowant or avowants; and upon fuch verdid, or if the plaintiff (hall be nonfuited or diicontinue his adion, after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared, or if on any demurrer judgment (hall be

give*

Digitized by v^,ooQle

The thirteenth andfourteenth Tears of George III. given againft the plaintitT, the defendant or defendants (hall and may recover treble cods, and have the like remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in any other caies by law.

A publick ad. XV. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-faid, That this ad (hall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick ad, and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fiich, by all judges, judice6, and other perfons whatfoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

XVI.	And whereas it has been often found difficult to colled a board of truftees, named and appointed in and by

13 GT. a. c. 15. an ad of Parliament made in this kingdom in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late Majefty King George the fecond, entitled. An a8 for amending and repairing the road leading from the town of Clonmell in the County of Tip* per ary through the Towns of Clogheen$ Mitcheljlown, and to Doneraile in the county of Cork, on account of the greatnefs of the number which conftitutes a board, whereby the btf* finefs of the faid turnpike board cannot be properly coo-duded: therefore be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, A	1,137	That where any greater number of truftees than five is re-

fident or noJ*"	to	d°> eftablifh, or confirm any ad or deed under

the faid ad of Parliament of the thirteenth of George the fecond, it (hall and may be lawful for any feven of the truf-tees therein named, or thereby appointed, or to be appointed, whether they be refidents of the county of Tipperary or not, to do and perform any ad or deed direded by or mentioned in the faid ad of Parliament of the thirteenth of George the fecond, as fully and effed ually as if the number of feven had been therein mentioned, any thing in the laid ad to the contrary in any wife notwithftand-ing.

XVII.	And whereas the turnpike road between Kilkenny and Callan is much out of repair, and it would tend to the improvement of the fame, if a number of additional truftees be appointed for faid road : be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the perfons following be appointed truftees in addition to thofe already appointed for faid road, that is to fay, the lord bifhop of Oflory, Sir William Evans Morres, baronet, Sir John Blunden, baronet, Haydock Evans Morres efquire, John Butler efquire, Ralph Gore efquire, Henry Flood, cf-

Suire, the mayor of Kilkenny for the time being, Eland lofTom efquire, Recorder, and the Recorder for the time being, Jofeph Mathews efquire, Jonah Wheeler efquire, Clayton Bayly efquire, Arthur Webb efquire, Patrick Welch efquire, John Waring efquire, John Waters efquire, Edmund Butler efquire, the reverend Thomas Pack, An-3	tfiony

Additional

truftees.

Digitized by Google

The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of Gtorgr IIL thony Blunt, fenior, efquire, Anthony Blunt, junior, e£ A. D quire, John Gore efquire, Cbriftopher Hewetfon efquire, *773*4^ James Wemys efquire, Thomas Butler efquire, Francis Lodge efquire, Robert Sharman efquire, William Waters, fenior, efquire, Mathew Keough, fenior, efquire, the reverend William Auflin, Peter Blunt efquire, Henry Qeale efquire, George Smith efqnire, and William Colles efquire.

XVIII.	And be it ena^ed by the authority aforefaid,	aj(Cr_

That the turnike boards for fuperintending the bufinefs of QZtc\jZt laid lad mentioned road be held alternately at the city of kenny and Kilkenny and town of Clonmel, whenever fuch meeting fhall Clonmeli. be appointed.

CHAP. XXX.

An AS for amending the Road from Dundali to Dunleer in tbd county of Louth.

WHEREAS the expence of amending the road from Dundalk to Dunleer in the county of Louth hat been paid for many years pad by the landholders and inha-' bitants of the feveral baronies, through which the (aid road has been made, which has been very burthenfome to them y and as it is reafonable, that all perfons, who travel on (aid* road, fhould contribute to the repair thereof: therefore be it ena&ed by the King*® mod excellent Majedy by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and the commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the firffc day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy four,' for amending the laid road from Dundalk to Dunleer in the Trufless county of Louth, it fhall be lawful for the governor cuflot named. rotulorum, high iheriff, knights of the (hire, and members of Parliament of the faid county, and all fuch other members of Parliament as refide in the faid county, the judices of the peace of faid county, the magidrates of the feveral towns corporate in faid county, and the report and vicars of the feveral parifhes in faid county, all for the time being, together with his grace the lord primate of all Ireland, the right honourable chief baron Foder, the honourable Mr. juftice Tenifon, John O'Neil efquire, Sir Patrick BeUew, baronet, Francis Leigh, Thortias Fortefcue, MatheW Fortefcue, Henry Bellingham, Chicheder Bolton, Dixie Coddington, John William Foder, captain Stafford, John Thomas Foder, John Leigh, reverend William Foder,

James Tifdall, junior, Henry Shiell, William Tifdall, Henry 'ofter, Alan Bellingham, junior, William Fortefcue,

O’Brien Bellingham, Tenifon Sfcmth, John Tifdall, Henry

Coddington*

Digitized by LjOOQle

The thirteenth andfourteenth Tears of George III.

7 toered turnpike, and take toll.

amended 15 and 16 G. 3. c 6,

tketoO.

Coddington, William Coddington, Mcredyth Workman, John i age, Richard Bolton, George Ball, efquires, the reverend William Murray, captain Law, Benjamin Thomp-fon, Henry Hughes, Anthony Fuller, John Eaftwood, Zacharias Maxwell, Hamilton Gordon, Andrew Fofter, John Page, Nicholas Sharpe, Richard Skelton, and Charles Lefler gentleman, or any feven or more of them, who are hereby nominated and appointed trultees of faid road to authorize fuch perfon or perfons, as they (hall appoint, to ereft one gate or turnpike upon any part of the faid road between the houfe called the white houfe of Lurgan Green and the road from Lurgan Green to Ardee, through the con^no.ns of Drumilkin by the lands of Whiterath, and from thence to the great road from Ardee to Dundalk, and alfo a toll houfe, and there to demand and take the tolls following, before any horfe, mare, gelding, mule, cattle, coach, berlin, chariot, calalh, chaife, chair, waggon, cart, car, or other can iage, (hall be peimitted to pats through fuch gate, viz. for every coach, berlin, chariot, calalh, chaife, or chair, drawn by fix horfes or more, the fum of two (hillings and fix pence ; for every coach, berlin, chariot, calaih, chaife, or chair drawn by four horfes, the fum of one (hilling and fix pence; and for every coach, berlin, chariot, calalh, chaife, or chair drawn by two horfes, one /hilling ; for every carriage, commonly called a chair or chaife with one horfe, marc, or gelding, lix pence ; for ■every waggon, wain, cart, or carriage with four wheels, the breadth thereof being not lefs than lix inches at the foie, and the Itreaks thereof let on with flat or rofe headed nails, and the fore axlctree of fuch carnage being fo much (horter than the hind axletree, that the wheels of fuch carriage /hall roll at leall ten inches of the road in breadth on each lide of fuch carriage, and the wheels thereof placed at fuch a diitance from each other, that the fpace from the middle of the one track> made by fuch wheels on the road and the middle of the other track, (hall be from four feet ten inches to five feet, drawn by three or more horfes, three pence; for every waggon, wain, cart, or carriage with two wheels, the breadth thereof being not lefs than fix inches at the foie, and the ftreaks thereof fet on with flat or rofe headed nails, two pence; for every waggon or wain with four wheels, narrower than fix inches, ten (hillings; for every waggon or wain with two wheels, narrower than fix inches, having two or more horfes, five (hillings ; for every car or cart having but one horfe, mare, gelding, or mule, the breadth of the wheels thereof being three inches at the foie, and the ftreaks thereof fet on with flat or rofe headed nails, one penny halfpenny; for every car or cart having, but one horfe, mare, gelding, or mule, the breadth of the

wheel*

The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George III* wheels thereof being four inches at the foie, and the ftreaks thereof fet on with flat or rofe headed nails, one penny; for every car or cart narrower than three inches, one (hilling; for every horfe, mare, gelding, mule, or afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, one penny ; for every drove of oxen or neat cattle the fum of one (hilling and eight pence by the fcorc, and (p in proportion for any greater or lefFer number ; for every drove of calves, hogs, fheep, or lambs, the fum of ten pence by the fcore, and fo in proportieft for any greater or lefler number; and for every horfe, mare, gelding, mule, cattle, coach, berlin, chariot, calaih, chaife, chair, waggon, wain, cart, car, or other carriage travelling on Sundays from funrife to funfet double the aforelaid tolls; which faid refpe&ive fum and fums of money (hall be demanded and taken in the name of or as a toll or duty; and the money fo to be raifed as aforefaid is and (hall hereby be veiled in the faid truftees ; and the fame and every part thereof (hall be paid, applied, difpofed of, and affigned to and for the feveral ufes, intents, and purpofes, and in fuch manner, as is herein after mentioned and dire&ed: and the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, are hereby impowere^ by themfelves or any perfon or perfons, by them or any feven or more of them under their hands and feals thereunto authorized, to levy the toll or duty hereby required to be paid upon any perfon or perfons, who (hall after demand made thereof neglcdl or refufe to pay the fame, by diftrefs of any horfe or horfes, or any cattle or goods, upon which fuch toll or duty is by this a:t impofed, or upon any other of the goods and chattels of. fuch perfon and perfons who ought to pay the fame, and may detain and keep the fame, until fuch toll or duty with the reafon-able charge of fuch diftraining or keeping (hall be paid ; and it (hall be lawful to and for fuch perfon or perfons fo diftrained, after the fpace of four days after fuch diftrefii made and taken, to fell the goods fo diftrained, returning the overplus, (if any be) upon demand to the owner thereof, after fuch toll, duty, and reafonable charges for dif-training and keeping the lame (hall be dcdufled and paid.

II.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That out of the firft money ariftng from the profits of rxprnccs paid the faid gate or turnpike to be ere&ed, the faid truftees or	101,16

any feven or more of them, (hall firft pay and difeharge the cxpence of procuring this a£l of Parliament, and of erecting fuch gate 6r turnpike, or building fuch toll houfe; a<nd from and after fuch charges and expences (hall be fully fatisfied and paid, that then and from thenceforth the pro* fits arifing, and the toll to be colle&ed at faid gate or turnpike, to be ere&ed or fet upon the faicLroad from the town

of

Toll after

Digitized by v^.ooQle

A. ».

^773-4-Chap. 30.

Permitting paflage to avoid tollt rot.

ft may appoint treafurer, ovcrfeer, &c.

The thirteenth and fourteenth Years of George III. of Dundalk in the county of Lowth to Dunlecr in the Dud county, (hall be applied towards the amending of the laid road.

III.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons whatsoever, owning, renting, or occupying any land near unto the faid gate or turnpike, to be ereded in purfuance of this ad, (hall, for gain, reward, or otherwife permit any perfon or perfons whatfoever to J>afs through fuch land with any coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chaife, chair, waggon, wain, cart, car, or other carriage, or riding, or driving any horfe, afs, or mule, or *ny fort of cattle, to avoid the payment of the toll hereby appointed to be paid, and being thereof convi&ed upon oath before the faid trullees, or any Seven or more of them, or before any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the pud county of Lowth, who are hereby impowered and required to adminifter fuch oath, (hall forfeit and pay to the trullees, authorized to put this ad in execution, the fum of ten (hillings; to be levied by diitrefs and (ale of the .offenders goods by warrant under the hand and Seal or under the hands and Seals of the faid trudees, or any Seven or more of them, or fuch judice or judiccs, rendring the overplus to the owner (if any be) the charges in taking and

. difpofingof the faid goods being firft deduced.

IV.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the Cud trudees, or any twelve or more of them, at their firft meeting or any fuccecding meeting by writing under their hands and feals (hall and may eled, nominate, and appoint one fit perfon to be treafurer, and one fit perfon to be coflc&or of fuch money, in the name of fuch toll or duty, as (hall he due and payable by virtue of this ad, and alfo may appoint one or mqre fit perfon or pet Sons to be ovcrfeer or overfeers to amend the faid road, and from time to time to remove fuch treafurer or colledor as they (hall fee occafion, and appoint a new one in cafe of death or of fuch removal 5 and fuch perfon or perfons, as is or are by this ad liable to pay the (aid toll or duty, is and are hereby required to pay the fame after the rates aforefaid to the (aid colledor of the faid toll or duty, in that behalf from time to time appointed as aforefaid for receiving the faid toll or duty ; and fuch treafurer or colledor (hall upon oath, if thereto required by the truftees, or any feven or more of them, or before one or more juftice or juftices of the peacef refiding near the road aforefaid, which oath fuch truftees, or any three or more of them, or fuch juftice or juftices, is and are hereby impowered and required to adminifter, on the firft Tuefday in every month, or oftener if required, during the continuance of tins ad, give in a true, exad, and perfed acoount in writing under their rclpedive hands

Digitized by v^ooQle

The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George III.	7$

of all monies, which he and they, and every or any of A. D. them, (hall to fuch time have received, paid, and difburfed *773*4 by virtue of this a& by reafon of their refpe&ive offices. Chap. 30. for which oath no fee or reward (hall be taken; and in cafe any money fo received (hall remain in their or any of their hands, the fame (hall be paid to the {aid truftees, or any ieven or more of them, or to fuch perfon or perfons as the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, (as they are qualified to a&) (hall by any writing or writings under their hands and feals authorize and impower to receive the fame; and the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, to .whom fuch account (hall be given, (hall and may, out of the money arifipg by the toll or duty, make fuch allowance unto the {aid treafurer or colle&or, overfeer or overfeers,

•for and in confideration of his and their care and pains re-fpe&ivtly taken in the execution of his and their office and offices, as to them (hall feem meet, fo as fuch allowance ta fuch treafurer do not annually exceed in the whole the lom of twenty pounds, and to fuch colle&or the fum of fifteen pounds, and to fuch overfeer or overfeers not exceeding one (hilling for each pound fuch overfeer or overfeers (h?11 expend in amending fuch road.

V.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- Materials

laid, That it (hall be lawful for the laid overfeer on over- raifrd on btb-feers, and fuch perfon or perfons as he or they (hall appoint,	given,

to dig, raife, gather, take, and carry away any gravel,

fand, ftones, or other materials, out of the feveral grounds of any perfon or perfons, not being an orchard, yard, planted walk or walks, lawn, or avenue to the manh m houfe of any perfon, where any fuch materials are or may be found, and from time to time to take and carry away fuch and fo much thereof, as the {aid overfeer or overfeers in their refpe&ive places (hall judge neccfiary for the amending the faid road, paying fuch rates for fuch materials to the owner or occupier of the ground, from whence the fame (hall be digged, raifed, gathered, and carried away, as the faid truftees, or any feven of them (hall adjuge rea-. fonable ; and in cafe of any difference between fuch owner or occupier and the faid truftees touching the damage afore-faid, the juftices of the peace, at the next general quarter feffions to be holden in the faid county may and (hall ad* judge, affefs, and finally determine the fame.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- Annoyances (aid, That it {hall be lawful for the overfeer or overfeers, removed, and fuch perfon and perfons as he or they {hall appoint,

from time to time to remove and prevent annoyances on any part of the faid road, hereby intended to be repaired, or within twenty five feet of the center of the faid road, by filth, dung, allies, rubbifh, .watercourfes, {inks, or

drains

Digitized by L^ooQle

to	The thirteenth andfourteenth Tears of George III.

A. D.	drains running into the laid road, and to cleanfe any ditch

1773-4.	or watercourfc adjoining to the faid road, or which may be

Chap. 30. neceflary to carry off the water therefrom, and to cut down, lop, or top any trees growing within twenty five feet of the center of faid road, which are nearer to each other than fifteen feet, or any buflies growing in the faid roads or in the hedges adjacent to the faid road, at a height not exceeding five feet, the owners or occupiers negle&ing to cut down fuch trees or buflies, or to remove fuch annoyances, for the fpace of ten days after notice in writing given for that purpofe under the hands of feven of the faid truftees, the charges whereof fliall be reimburfed to the faid overfeer or overfeers by fuch owners or occupiers neglc&iog to cut down the faid trees or buflies, or to remove fuch other annoyances as a fore fa id ; and if after removal of any fuch annoyances as aforefaid any perfon or perfons fliall again offend in like kind, eveiy fuch perfon or perfons fo offending, and being thereof convi&ed upon oath before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the faid county, fhall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay unto the faid truftees ten (hillings, to be levied in manner aforefaid.

Drains and VII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-archcsnude, faid. That it fliall and may be lawful for the faid overfeer or overfeers by order of the faid truftees, or any feyen or more of them, to cut and make drains through any grounds lying contiguous to the faid road, and to er r£t arches of brick or done thereupon, and alfo to widen any of the narrow parts of the faid road to any breadth, not exceeding forty two feet in the clear, by opening, clearing, and laying into the faid road any ground of any perfon or perfons lying contiguous to fuch road, not being an orchard, yard, planted walk, or avenue to the manfion houfe of any perfon, and alfo to caufe ditches or trenches to be made in fuch places and in fuch manner, as fuch overfeer or overfeers by onier of the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, fhall adjudge neceflary for the amending of the faid road, making fuch reafonable fatisfadtion to the owner or occupier of the ground, which fhall he fo laid into the faid road, or through which any fuch drain or drains fhall be cut, or on which any fuch arch or arches fliall be made, for the damages which he or they fhall or may thereby fuflain, as fhall be aflefled and judged by the juftices of the peace, or the major part of them, at the next quarter feflions to be holden for the faid county of Louth, in cafe of any difference concerning the fame ; and if any owner or occupier of any water-courfes, ditch or ditches adjoining to the faid road, fhall negledt or refufe to fcour or clean fuch water-courfes, and to make fuch ditches fo deep and in fuch manner.

Digitized by

Google

The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George 1TI. '	* Jj

tter, asthe furveyor or furveyors (hall adjudge proper and ' A. D. convenient, after eight days notice (hall be given for .that.	1773-^..	•

purpofe by fuch overfeer or overfeers to filch owner or-own* Chap; 50. v. crs, occupier or occupiers, it fhall be lawful for the over-feer or overfeers to fet any man or men to work to fcour * or deanfe and make the fame, and by warrant from-any feven or more of the truflees, to levy the charge thereof « upon the perfons goods or upon the eftate of the owner or * owners, occupier or occupiers, of fuch water-courfes, ditch' * or ditches, by diftrefs and fale of his, her* or their goods ? and chatties, rendering the overplus (if any be) to the faid owner or occupier after all charges paid.

VIII.	Provided always. That no perfon or perfons hav- Toll only ing occafion to p^fs through the gate, where the toll or duty once 4 day. is taken, and who fhall return the fame day upon or with

the fame horie, mare, or gelding, afs, mule, cattfe, coach, chariot, berlin, chaife, chair, calafh, waggon, cart, car, or other carriage, except carts and cars with wheels narrower than thrfee inches, (hall be liable or compellable the fame day to pay the fame toll or duty more than once.

IX.	And for preventing-frauds and abufes in the faid toll Difpoffng of. or duty, be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, tic^ct t0 avoi<i That if any perfon or perfons having paid the toll or duty penalty rot. by this a6t granted and made payable, and having fuch note

or ticket, notes or tickets, as hereby dird&ed, fhall give or difpofe of the faifle to arty perfon or perfons in order* to	>

avoid the payment of the faid tpll or duty, tvery fuch perfon giving, difpofmg, or offering, and the perfon receiving fuch note or ticket, notes or tickets, and being thereof con-vi&ed upon oath before the $aid truftees, or any feven or more of them, or before any one or more juftice or juftices . of the peace for the faid county of Louth, which oath the	*

faid truftees and the faid juftice or juftices are hereby im-, powered to adminifter, (hall refpe&ively forfeit and pay the ium of ten (hillings 5 to be levied, recovered,- and- difpofed of as any other penalty or forfeiture is dire&ed to be levied, recovered, and difpofed of by this a&.

X.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, y truftees That, the faid truftees, or any feven of them, may and are may compound, hereby impowered from time to time, as they (hall fee convenient or think fit, to compound or agree by the year or

otherwife with any perfon or perfons ufing to travel through the faid gate or turnpike to be ere&ed, with any horie, marc, or gelding, afs, or mule, or cattle, or with any coach, berlin, calafh, chaife, chair, waggon, cart, car*-or other carriage, for any fum oY fums of money to be paid quarterly from time to time* after fuoh agreement (hall be made.	.	..

Vol. VI.	F	XI.	Provided

Drgttized bV

Google

f 2 •	Tfc thirteenth anJfmrkerth Tears of George IH.

Ai D.	XL Provided alfo, and Jt is hereby declare. That a*

1773-4-	petfon (hall be charged with ant of the toll* or duties afore-

Chap* $0* faid, who (hall pafs through the faid gate or turnpike to t>«

V.	^*sr*~**~t elvftcd by this ad* Who (halt carry any quantity of {tones, Perfon* c*. gravel, or other materials for repairing the fatd road, or Steptad,	any of the foada in the foid connty, nor fhall any perfon

or perfon* be chargeable with the faid toll or duty going to or returning from any of the fairs of markets of Lurgaa Green aforefeid; or tor any carts or cars with fix, three* or four Inch wheels, loaded with com in the ftraw, fax* or hay only, or with turf only, in the months of May,

* June, July of Auguft, or with com, flour, meal, or potatoes, paffing through fuch gate towards Dundalk, or xe-^ turning empty the lame day, or with coals or cockles, lime, lime&one, or with dung, or other manures only» nor (hall tny toll or duty be demanded or taken at .the faid gate or turnpike to be erefted for any horfe, mare, gelding, ala. Or mule* or other cattle going to water, or tor any poft-borfc carrying the mail or packet} nor fhall any toll or duty be demanded or taken for the horfes of foldiers palling, that are upon their march, or for waggons, carts, car*, or other carriages attending them; or for horfes, waggons* carts, cars, or other carriages travelling with vagrants fait by paifes, or with prifoner# transmitted from one part of the kingdom to another#

Continued td XIL And be it further enafted by the authority aforif-1ft June 1815. f*id, That the toD or duty hereby granted fhall take place and have continuance from and after the firft day of Jane in the year of ouf Lord one thoufand feten hundred and feventy four, for and during the term of forty one yejaffs.

1% Truftec* XIII. And be it further enafted by the authority afore-on vacancy	laid. That for the continuing a fufficient number of fit per-

may elect	fQns to be truftces for putting in execution all and every

sar*	powers	m	this aft contained, for and during the con-

m ' tinaance thereof, it fhaH and may be lawful for the laid truftees, or any twelve or more of them, upon the death or refignation of any of the truftees mentioned hi this ad, or of *uiy perfon'that fhall be hereafter elefted, fn?to tippe to time, and at all times hereafter during tl* term aforefatd, to cleft,. nominate, and appoint, in the room of foch truf-tce or tniftees fo deeeafed Or refigning, fo many more fit perfon or perfbns living in the feid county of Louth to be joined with tlie faid trnftees in the execution of aQ and every of the power and powers m them repofed by virtue of this aft ; and all and every perfon and perfons, fo to be chofen truftee or tritftees, to join in putting thir aft into execution as they are herein before «pialifi5l to d$, ihafl and may, and are hereby impowered to aft to iH intent* and purpofes in at fuU, huge, and ample mppaefe at the

faid

The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George III. ^	8j

laid truftees are by this all impowered to do9 and fo totiei A. IX forties as often as occafion (hall require.	1773-4.

XIV.	And be it further enalted by the authority afore* Chap. 30. (hid, That the faidtraders, or any twelve or more of them,	#

(hall meet at tKe faid town of Dundalk on the firft Monday Meeting at in June next in the fd&ons houfe; and the (aid truftees (hall Dundalk, afterwards meet there, or at any other place or placet near the faid road, that the faid truftees, or any feven ot more of them, (hall think proper and convenient, as often as it (hall be necefTary for the putting this a& in execution, except in fuch cafes where a greater number is exprefsly re* quired by this a&; and that the faid truftees, or any (even or more of them, (hall meet at the faid town of Dundalk on the firft day of every fpring and every fummer aftizes in every year during the term aforefaid, for the granting money to amend the faid road, and for the doing any other neceflary bufinefs; and that no money (hall be granted at any board for amending the (aid road, unlefs it (hall appear by the affidavit'of two credible peifons, who can read and write, that fuch fum is necefTary to repair or make fo many perches of fuch road at the rate of fo much by the perch, and that a fmaller fum will not be fufficient to repair or make tl*e fame; and that no money (hall be paid ^y the treafurer to any overfeer, unlefs the faid overfecr maketh oath before a board of the (aid truftees, that the faid fum hath been faithfully and hondft)f' expended in amending of making fo many perches of the (aid road, and for his wages at not more than twelve pence for each pound fo expended in amending or making faid road, and that he did attend the faid work diligently and carefully, and (hall produce to the faid board an exalt account of the number of men,	#

horfes and cars, employed each day at the (aid work; and (hall fwcar to the truth of the (aid account; and then and not fooner the faid board (hall give an order to fufch over* feer on the treafurer for the payment of the (aid account; andiif it (hall happen, that there' (hall not appear at any meeting, which (hall be appointed to be had and held by the faid - truftees, a fufficient number of truftees to all at 'fuch meeting and to adjourn to any other day, then and in fuch cafe the treafurer by notice in writing to be affixed on the laid gate or turnpike at lead twenty days before the next meeting, (hall appoint the (aid truftees to meet at the houfe, where the meeting of the (aid truftees was laft appointed to be had, or at fome other convenient houfe near the faid road; aod that the faid truftees at their firft meeting and at other fubfequent meetings (hall defray their own charges and expences.

X V. And whereas the faid road may be laid out in a Power to more convenient line between the town of Caftlebellingham A^tcn F 2	andr ■

Googl

e

*4 ■ -	•	The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George III.

A. D. and the white houfe at Lurgan Green : be it further enaded 1773-4, , by the authority aforefaid, That'it fcaH and may by law-Chap. 30. ful to and for the (aid truftees* or any feven or more of them, to fhorten or make more convenient the faidrroad by laying it out, and making it in fuch diredioit, as they ihall think proper, between the faid town of Caftlebelljngham and the white houfe at Lyrga* Green, by and with the confent of the tveral proprietors of the land through which fuch new road (hall be laid out and not otherwife; and that whenever .fuch new*road Hi all. be laid out, the fame (hall be made and from , time to time repaired by the;tolls to arife by virtue of this ^d, and (hall be .thenceforth* a part of faid turnpike road, fubjed to all the rules, provifoes and regulations, to whieh the prefent road is by this ad made fubjed, and that fo much of the prefent road, as (hall be contained be* tween the pouty, where the faid new road (hall begin, and the point w'here it (hall end, (hall from thenceforth ceafe to be a part of the faid turnpike road, or to.be fubjed to any of the powers or regulations herein enaded, but (hall be and ever continue to all intents* and purpofes, as if this prefent ad never had been made.

No place of XVI. Provided always, and be it further enaded by the profit to truftcc. authority aforefaid, That no . perfon or perfons, appointed by this ad a truftee or truftees for putting this ad in execution, (hall have or accept of any place of profit arifing out of or by reafon of the toll or duty by,this ad laid or granted, but fuch perfon or perfons (hall .be incapable from the time of accepting and continuing to enjoy fuch place of profit of ading as a truftee.

W Suit* laid in XVII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforo-Louth.	faid, T^hut if any futy (hall be commenced againft any perfon

or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of-this ad, that in every fuch cafe the a& ion (hall be laid in *the faid county of Louth, and not elfewhere; and the defendant or defeu-' dants in fuch adion or^adipns to be brought may plead the general iftue, and give this ad and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be bad thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuauce and. by the authority of this ad ; and* if it (hall appear fo to be done, or that fuch action or adions (hall be brought in any other County, that then the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants r and upon fuch verdid, or if the plaintiff (hall be non-fuited or difeontimw his adion, after the defendant or defendants (hajl have appeared, or if on any tiemurret judgment (hall he given againft the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants (hall and may recover treble cofts, .and have the like remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in any other cafes by law.

XVIII. And

Tfe thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George 111.	S$.

XVIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority A.^. D. aforefaid, That this aft (hall be‘deemed, adjudged, and I 773’4* taken to be a publick aft, and be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juftices, and other perfous whatfoever A publick a&. without fpecially'pleading the fame.*

-* C HA P. XXXI.

An A9 for continuing, explaining, and afhendlbg an 'Ad made in the eighth Tear of the Reign of his brefetit AT ajfly George the third\ entitled, An Ad for mating and' repairing the Road from the Town of Lijlowell* in the (foiltity bf Kerry through the Lan'ds of Lijlowell, Drumin, Skehdnirectt} %Bu- .	r

negarah, Killmeahy, Curragpbolig',' 'KnoAftihrcg hlfjinjfky, and Binanifpig, in the County of Kerry,* A fa, TauVnpte titled, Glanagour, Knoctjini/k, Carrigkerry', (jlarillujfcGlatt-nojlare, BaHyline, Ardagh Commons, Ardagh ‘lowh,^ Li-‘ JhiUeen, other wife Ltfhcreen, Skebanztgk, Kitlfratine I, and Rtens, in the County of Limerick, ending at the Fbrge on the faid Lands of Reens at the Turn of the Road leading to Newca/He from Rathlcal in the fold County of Limerick*	.	9; ‘	*

•	.	»	J	"	»	\	j

WHEREAS it is provided by the faid aft, -that the truftees therein named, or any tw.elve or * more of them, fhall be imported by writing ’ under their hands and feals to mortgage the iolls theYcby^gtanttd, -or any part thereof, for any term or time during the continuance of the faid aft as a fecurity .for any fum or fuins of money by them to be borrowed for making and repairing fuch road to the y>erfon or perfous, or his or their truftees, Who * fhall advance and lend the fame, to fecure the repayment thereof with lawful* intereft,' or lefs if the fame can be had: and whereas Thbmas, earl of Kerry, John, earl of Wan-desford, William vifeount Crofbie, Edward Denny cfquire,' truftees named in the faid recited aft, with others have fub-• feribed feveral fdma of money for making and repairing the * faid toad according to the faid aft, but which fums have proved altogether inefficient'for making and repairing the •fames and whereas irom the low ftate of turnpike credit in this kingdom, it is apprehended, that a fumcient fum will not, nor is likely to be, fubferibed for making and repairing the faid road : and it is conceived, that if the term fo the feid retitfcd aft mentioned to be granted of the tolls and duties bf the faid road Was enlarged, and the truftees empowered to grant a leafe or leafes of the faid tolls and duties fen* all or any part of the faid term to fuch perfon or perfortfi, as fhould contraft for the making and repairing the * faid road> and keeping the fame in repair from time to

time

[ years from I May 1774.

Advert Ue-meftt for meeting to contrad.

The thirteenth and fourteenth Yeart of George IIL time during fuch term, at fuch rent or rents, and under fuck conditions as fhould he con traced for, that fuch road may be made and repaired according to the intent of the laid recited ad: he it enaded by the King’s moft excel* Tolls granted lent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords Continued OP^kual 2nc^ temporal and commons in this prefent Parlia-81 years from mcn* affemblcd, and by the authority of the lame, that the foils or duties of the laid road, by the^faid recited a& granted, fhall take place and have continuance from the firit day of May in the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy four, for and during the term of eighty one years, from thence to be computed and ended.

II.	And be it ena&cd by the authority aforefatd. That within a month after the commencement of this ad the trailed (hall caufe an advertifement to be publiihed in the Munfter journal, printed in the city of Limerick, in which a day {hall be appointed for a general meeting of the truflees pot lefs than fifteen days after fuch publication in the town of Liltowcll in the county of Kerry; and in fuch advertifement it fhall be declared, that the chief purpofe of fuch meeting (hall be to receive propofals from fuen perfon or perfons, as are willing to contrad for the making and repairing the laid road, and keeping the fame in good repair during the continuance of fuch corn rad, in confidcration of having the faid tolls and duties affigned and feeured to fuch perfon or perfons, during the continuance of the Knn for which the tolls fhall be granted by this ad, or for fuch part thereof as fhall be agreed upon.

III.	And be it enaded by the authority afbrefaid, That umLrIandtin* ** lhall and may be lawful for fuch truitees fo a/Temblcd and feals farm Pur^uant ^ch advertifement, or any number of them noV

Ids than fifteen, by roftrument in writing under their hands and feals to farm and fet the laid tolls or duties at fuch annual rent, as fhall be offered for the fame, to the hightfc' and faired bidder, or to convey and affign the faid tolls or duties for fuch part of the term for which the ad fhall have continuance, to fuch perfon 01 perfons as fhall oblige thcm«t felves to make and repair the faid road, and keep the fan\e in com pleat repair during the faid term, and fhall give fufii-cient fecurity tor the perfbrpiance of the fame, fubjed to fuch refervations, claufes, reftridions,; and agreements, afe the faid truflees fhall think fit.

IV.	Provided always. That the prefent creditors, or two thirds of them in number and in the value of their debts, or perfons duly authorized under the hands and feal of fuels creditors, or two thirds of them in number and value, lhafl be adually prefent at fuch meeting, and consenting to fuck agreement 01 agreement*.

V. And

15 truflees

the tolls to beff bidder.

9-^ds of Creditors prefer t and contenting.

The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George II{.

V.	And be it farther enabled by the authority aforefaid,

That if by the nou-attendance pf a fufficient number of fuch truftecs, or of tjie creditors or perfons authorized by thenr^ pr by any other fatality or chance, the truftecs lhali not be able to make fuch agreement, they ffiajl in that cafe caufe Adyertife another advertifement to be publifhcd in th<t Muntter Jour- fl,rther in« cty nal as aforefaid, appointing another meeting at the faid town	^

pf Liftoweli not lefa than fifteen days after fuch a<JveFtife-ment, and declaring the caufes which rendered the formey meeting ineffectual, and that the meeting then advert ifc4 (hall be for the fame purpofes as the former, and fu from time to time till the faid truftecs can haye an effcftual meet* ing for the purpofes aforefaid ; and the faid truitees at fuch fecond or any fubfequeQt meeting (hall haye povycjr to aft^ as they might at the former meeting.

VJ. And for as much as there is reafon to apprehend from the low ftate of turnpike credit, and the fcarcity of money, and of fubftantiaj perfons to undertake the making and repairing the fa>4 road, that the faid truftees may not be able notwithftanding their beft endeavours to carry this aft into execution, and to get the laid road made and repaired by the means aforefaid; be It enafted by the authority afore-faid, That in fuch cafe it (hall and .may be iawfuh fuf the faid truftees, gr any number of them uof lefs that) twenty tribes pne, at a meeting to be held on a day appointed by adver- at meeting tifement as aforefaid at the faid town of Liftowell, tp exe- may execute cute aq inftrument or deed in writing under their hands and * dedarat^a feals, declaring their having ufed their beft endeavours to raife mopey for making and repairing tji£ faid rpad^ turnpike, and to carry the purpofes of this aft into execution, then enJet- * and that all their endeavors had proved ineffeftual, and that proving from thenceforth they wijl not levy, nor caufe to be levied,ll C any toljs upon any part of the faid road, nor ereft or caufe to be erefttd any turnpike gate upon the faid road, or any part thereof,

VII.	Provided always, That the perfons, who have hereto-	creth-

fore advanced money, or (hall hereafter advance ir*oney, for tor* urchin and niaking and repairing the faid road, or two-thirds of the cwiftatiaf.

Cud perfons in number and value of the fums advanced by

them, or fuch perfons as (hall be by them or two-thirds of them as aforefaid duly authorized under thpir hands ~nd feals^

(hall be prefenf at the execution of fuch writing and con? iruting thereto.

VIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore- Dcpolired

faid. That one part of the faid deed or inftrument ihall be	**

depofited with the clerk of the peace of the county of Li- lJLacs?* merick, and another with the clerk of the peace of the county

of Kerry, and ihall be by him or them kept among the records* in his qr their office or offices j and from the time the fa;d in liniment*

Goode

The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George III*

A. D. ments fhall be fo depofited in.thefaid offices refpedively, no 1773-4. gate fhaD ever after be eroded or tolls levied on the faid road Chap. 31. or any part thereof by virtue of this or the faid recited former tfd, but the faid road fhall be confirmed thence-forward as a publick road to be made by prefentments of the grand juries, as if thfs ad and the laid recited* ad haa never .been made.

Additional ; IX. And for as much as it has been fometimes found dif-trullcc*.	ficult	to procure a fufficient number of truftees to meet and

carry the faid recited ad into execution: be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, that the following perfons fhall be and are hereby appointed truftees in conjundion with thofe that are now' truflees for camming this ad into execution, with the fame powers as are veiled in the former truftccs, that is to fay, William lord bifhop of Limerick, Launcelot Hill efquire, Hugh MafTey of Stoneville efquire, William Sandes efquire, Stephen Creaghe efquire, the reverend dean Hoare, John Creaghe efquire, Gerald Blennerbaflet efquire, Richard Fitz-Gerald efquire, Maurice Hewfon efquire, George Gun the younger efquire, William Raymond of Drummin efquire, reverend Robert Hewfon, Robert Hickfon efquire, James MafTey of Stoneville efquire, Robert Day efquire, John Marfhall efquire, Thomas Franks the younger efquire, Edward Croker the younger efquire, Launcelot Sands efquire, Arthur Herbert efquire, Terry Monfell efquire, Henry Blennerhaflet efquire, Mr. Crofbie Morgell, and the reverend Thomas Graves of Ballymacel-7 G. 3. t. ligut.

f t. f*vc as	x. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That

forMSx^ear*.	ret*tC(^ a&> an<^ an<^ CVC1J the powers and autho-

,	'	rities,	articles, rules, penalties, and claufes therein contained,

except fo much therebf as is hereby altered, fhall be of full force and effed, and fhall continue to be executed, during the faid term of eighty one yearS hereby granted, fubjed to the alterations* made by this ad, as if the fame p#wers and authorities granted and given by the faid ad were herein ,	again	repeated and re-enaded ; any thing in this or the faid

* ApablickaA, former ad contained to the contrary notwithflanding.

XI.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That this ad fhall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a pub-lick ad, and be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges,4 juflices, and every other perfon whatfoever without fpecially pleading the fame*

C H A'P



D zed by

Google

The thirteenth andfourteenth Tears of George III. CHAP. XXXIE.

An A3 for amending the puhlich Roads.

8?

A. D.

1773-4

WHEREAS it is neceffary, that feme alterations ,

fhould be made in the laws for amending the pub- ^ c 2%. lick roads, and to avoid the confufion that may arife from 5 G. 3. c. a multiplicity of ads of parliament relative to the fame fub- *4 repealed &c. jed, it is thought expedient to repeal one of the laid laws ; fcc ,7 0f be it ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent Majeffy, by and faid aft revived with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal by ia & 20 G. and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the 3-	2a.

authority of the fame, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June* one thoufand feven hundred and feventy four, an ad palled in the fifth year of the reign of his pre-fcnt Majelly, intitled, An Ad for the more effectually amending the puhlich roads y and every claufe therein contained, except the claufe for repealing the feveral ads of parliament therein particularly mentioned, and except fuch part thereof as relate to the county of Dublin, (hall be repealed and made null and void.

II. And for amending the publick roads, or for making Prefcntmenu flew roads where neceffary throughout this kingdom, be it at affizes to re-further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That from and j^fg^clear* after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven &c>al herein, hundred and feventy four, it lhall be lawful for the grand jury of any county, at any aflizes held for fuch county, to prefent any publick road in fuch county, or any part thereof, to be repaired, or any part of any publick road, which is not of the breadth of twenty one feet in the clear, to be widened to any breadth not exceeding thirty one feet, nor lefs than twenty one feet in the clear; and alfo to prefent any new road to be laid out and made from market town to market town, or from any market town to the fea, through any part of fuch county, except through the deer park ©f any perfon, or through any field inclofed with a wall five feet high at leaft, with lime and Hones dr bricks, or through the houfe, offices, gardens, or orchards of fix years growth of any perfon who inhabits a houfe built with lime and Hones or bricks; and to appoint one or more per-fons, who can read and write, to overfee and carry into execution every fuch prefentment; and further to prefent all ‘ fuch fum or turns of money, as lhall appear neceffary, to be raifed upon any barony or half barony, for which a high donHable has been ufually appointed in fuch county, to be expended in repairing, widening, or making any publick road in fuch barony or half barony as aforefaid, which half barony lhall be confidered and charged as a barony, and in paying wages to the overfeer appointed as aforefaid, after a

rate

7S? thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George I IT.

A.	rate not exceeding the rate of one (hilling in the pjund for

1773-4.	each pound prefented to be expended by fueli overfeer.

Chap. 32. HI. Provided always, That no lum of money (hall be fa prefented for the repairing of any road, uuiefs an affidavit

Affidavit	fwom by two credible perfons, who can read and write,

aud^li^cratc^	^>c^orc one of the judges of affize, or before any two joffice*

before a^udge t*le P°ace inch county, in the following form, be firlt or a jt-ft'ice.-, laid before the grand jury, firft laid before

grand jury. County of 1	of and of	da

J fwear, that they have lately meafnred perches of the road from	to	between

and	all	in	the	barony	or	half	barony of	in

this county, and that it null require the fum of	eff	dually

to repair the feud	perches	with	gravel or fmau fones%

being at the rate of	by	the	perch, which they verily be*

lieve 14 the leaf the fetid	perches	can	be effectually repaired

for.

No prcfetit- tVf And provided always, That no part of the money -- for repair f0 prefcmted (hall be paid ort account of any presentment fop vit by1* over-*" l^lc rePair °f any road by the treafurer of any county, until feer befo'c a the affidavit of one of the overfeefs, who can read and write, judge allowed, appointed by the grand jury, fworn before one of the judges of affize, in the following form, (hall be allowed by the grand jury and by the judge of affize.

County qfl ffhereas the fum of	wot	prefented	at

J	offices,	in	the	year	for

fiid county, to be expended in repairing perches of the road from	to	between	and	in	the	barony	or

half barony of	at	the	rate	of	by	the	perch*

and the fum of	for	qverfeers	wages, at	petaa

for each pound. Jfow J	of	do	f wear,

that I have expended faithfully and boneflly the fum of in repairing effectually with gravel or fmafl jhmes perches qf tlya Jhid road, which fum, with my wages, at	pence for each pound\

makes in the whole the fum of	and	that	every	part	of /aid

perches is twenty one feet wide in the clear within the ditches, drains, or fences, and is fourteen feet wide with gravel Of fmallJiones.

except where the road prefented to be repaired is inclofed bn both fides w ith walls built with lime and ftones or bricks, and is not twenty one feet wide between the fame $ in which cafe, inftead of the words (twenty one feet wide iff the clear within the ditches, drains, or fences) {hajl iuTcrted thefo

wo*d%

The thirteenth andfourteenth Tears of George III. word* (enclofed oti both fdes with walls built with Rme ahd fames or bricks, Jive feet high,

V.	Aik! provided alfo, That no money (hall be fo prefen ted for the widening of any publick road, unlefs an affidavit fworn by two credible perfons, who can read and write, before one of the judges of affize, or two juitices of jjf a ^oaTuST the peace for fuch county, in the form following be firii laid {J^or/grand before the grand jury,	jwy.

County of 1	if	tmd	of

J	do	fwtar,	that	they	have	lately	meafurtd

perches of the road from	to

between	and	aH	in	the barony

or half barony of	in	the	feud	eomty	/	and	that	no	part	of

fuid perches is twenty one feet wide in the clear of ditches, drainsy'or fences, or enclofed on both fides with walls built with Rme andJloues or bricks, fvc Jett high, and that it will require the fum of	to	widen	the	fasd	perches	to	the

breadth of	in	the	clear, and to male fences injlead of

tbofe which Jball be taken down or dejlroyed in order to widen the fame, being at the rate of	by	the	perch, and that/aid Jam

is a reafondble charge, and is the leqjl* they verily believe, that Jaid work can he cjfsftually done for.

And that no money {hall be paid by the treaTurer of any county on account of fuch presentment, unlefs an affidatit by i ovcr&er of oar of the overfeerv, fworn before the judge of affize, in allowed by Ihe form following Audi be allowed by the grand jury and S?"** jW the judge of affize,	judjea, &c.

County of \ Whereas the fum of	was	preferred	by	the

j grand jury of Jmd cdunty at	affixes

in the year	to	be	expended	in.	widening

perches of the road from	to	between

and	all	in	the	barony	or	half

barony of	in Jaid county, and the fum of

for overjeers wages, at	pence for each pound.	Now

7	of	do fwear, that I have faith*

JuHy and bonefily expended the fum of	in	widening

perches of Jaid road; which Jim with my wages, at pence for each pound, makes m the whole the fum of and that every part thereof is now feet wide in the dear of ditches, drains, or fences, and that new fences are made isjltad of tbofe that have been taken down nr dtffroyed in order to widen the jafou.

VI.	Provided always, That if any part of any publick when <he vMf be the boundary between any two baronies in fuch road a bound** fcodhty or between any barony of half barony in fitch coun- *7» half only

7

Digitized by

pitfentcd, &c. ashcrein.

Prrfmt-®«nt for new road from market to ifoar-ket ordirt&ly tkt fra, &c, as herein.

Reqvefting mr road earned ii> prt lcut-mect, &c.

The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George III. ty, and a barony or half barony in any adjoining county; fo as that one fide of fuch road is in one barony or half* baro-' ny and the other fide in another, it (hall not be lawful for any grand jury to prefent more than half of the fum, that (hall appear neceflary, for repairing or widening fuch road, and half the overfeers wages, to be raifed on either of the baronies or half baronies, between which fuch part of faid road is the boundary ; and that in the affidavit, to be made before the money can be prefen ted for repairing or widening fuch road, and alfo in the affidavit to be made by the over-feer before the faid money .can be paid, inftead of the word*

(all in the barony of	)	{hall	be	iuferted	thefe	words

(which faid perches are' the mearing between the baronies of .	and	in fqid county r	or between the barony or half barony of	in	faid	county t

end the barony of	in the county of	)	as	the cafe

{hall happen to be ; and that no money fhall be paid by the treasurer of any county on account of fuch preferment, unlefs it {hall alfo appear to the judge of affize, and to the grand jury, that an equal fum.hath been prefented to be raifed for faid work on the adjoining barony.

'VII. And be it further enaded.by the authority afor^feid. That it {hall and may be lawful for the grand jury of any. county at any affizes held for fuch ebunty to prefent fuch fum or fums of money, as {hall appear to them neceflary te lay out and make any new road through fuch county, or any part thereof, from market town to market town, or fiom any market town dire&ly to the fea, or to make fences thereto not exceeding the rate of one {hilling for each perch of fuch fence, to be raifed either upon fuch county, and ex-. pended in laying out and making fuch new road, or in making fences and paying wageq to the overfeers, after a rate not exceeding the rate of one {hilling in the pound for each pound prefented to be expended by fuch overfeer, or upon .any barony in fuch county, and expended in laying out and making -any^part of fuch new road or fences within fuch barony, .and in paying wages to the*overfeer after the jatc aforefaid.

* VIii. Provided always, That ip every presentment, made . for the laying out of any new road, the name of the perfon. reqoefting the fame be inferted; and that no fuch prefentment {hall he made, unlefs it {hall fir ft appear by affidavit fwom before any two juftices of the peace for fuch county, th£t a map of fuch new road has been depofited with tne treafiirer of fuch county twenty one days at leaft before the firft day of fuch affizes, in order to be infpe&ed by all ptrfons whom it Aay concern, (which .m^p is to be kept by the clerk of the crown among the recotds of the county) and that-cither k tpe fevcral owners or occupiers of the lauds, through yyhkh '............................. •	*-•	*	‘fuck

Digitized by v^ooQle

The thirteenth andfourteenth Tears of George III.	93

fuch new road is to be made, hive con fen ted thereto, or elfe A. D. that' no part of fuch intended new road is to be made through 1773-4* the deer park of any perfon, or through afiy field enclofed Chap. 32. with- a wall five feet high at leaft, built with lime and flones or bricks, or through the hbufe, offices, gardens, or orchards of fix years growth of any perfon who inhabits a houfe built with lime and flones or bricks, without tfre confent of the owner thereof; and that a notice, fetting :fortb that an application is intended to be made at the next affizes for a prefentment to lay out a new road from	to

diftinguifhing the feveral lands and baronies or barony, through which the fame is to be made in fuch county, and the number of perches it is to be made through each town	t

land, has been perfonally Served upon or left at the houfe of each occupier of the land, through which the fame is to be made in fuch county, twenty one days at leaft previous to the firft day of fuch affizes, and that another fuch notice has been polled upon the door of the county court houfe Seven days at leaft previous to the firft day of fuch affizes.

IX.	Provided alfo. That no money Shall be prefented for Affidavit tor the making of any new road, unlefs an affidavit (worn by two new road, credible perfons, who can read and write, before one of the judges of affize, or before any two juftices of the peace for fuch county, in the form following be firft laid before the grand jury.

County of)	of and	of

) do fivedr, that it will require the fum of to mate	perches	of	the	new	wad	lately	laid	out	from

to	" between	and

mil in the barony of	in	the	fold	county, thirty feet

wide in the clear at the leaf}, and fourteen feet wide at the leaf}, with gravel or Jmall flones, being at the rate of by the perch, which, they verily believe, is the leafl the faid perches can he effectually madefor.

And that no part of the money fi> prefented Snail be paid on Affidavit by account of fuch’ prefentment by the treafurer of any county, ticafurcr. until the affidavit of one of the y verfeers, who can read and write, appointed by the grand jury, fworn before one of the judges of affize, in the following f ^m fhall be allowed by the grand jury and by the judge of affize.

County ofl IVbereas the fum of	was prefented	at

3	affixes	in	tpe year	for faid county,	to

be expended in making	perches	of	the	new	roa^from

to	.between	and '*	all

in the barony of	at tht raft of	by	the

fersb,

Nf» payment till affidavit by i ovcrfecr.

Presentment for new road may be traverf-cd, or tried at next affizes, un-lefe cauic.

Such presentment traverf* f4, ft c.

thirteenth andfourteenth Teart	Georgp TIL

fttch, and the fum rf	for overfeers wages at

fence for each found* Now i	of	doJwear,	tbqt

d have expendedfaithfully and bonejlly the fum of in making	ferrites of the faid new road\ .and

that tin faid	fercbes	are	thirty	feet	wide at

the leaf in the clears, Wtfhib the ditches, drains, or fences, and euttt effectually made fourteen feet wide at the leaf, with gravel or fmall fortes between the twenty fifth day of March and the twenty fifth day of jluguf in the year	which fum,	with

my wages at	fence for each found, maker in the

whole the fum of

And that no money (hall be paid by the treasurer of atxj county on account of any prefentment for fences, unlefs it (hall appear to the grand jury by the affidavit of one of the overfeers fworn before the judge of affize, that the number of perches of fences prefented to be made has been made purfciant to faid presentment, and unlefs the faid affidavit be allowed by the grand jury and judge of affile.

X,	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afbrefaid, That if any perfon (hall tbinkjvimfelf or herfelf aggrieved by any preferment for. making any new road, fuch perfon may traverfe the fame at the fame affizes, in which fuch preferment (hall be made ; and fuch traverfe may be tried at the faid affizes, and if not then tried, (hall be tried at the afe fizes next en Suing, unlefs good caufe be (hewn to the contrary; and the jury, who (hall try the traverfe, {hall true verdift give, whether any and what damages will accrue thereby to fuch perfon ; which verdict (hall be conclu-five to fuch perfon ; and upon the fum fo found for damages being paid to him or her, or depofited with the treasurer, for his or her ufe, it (hall be lawful for the overfeer to proceed and lay out or make fuch new road purfuant to the preferment without the interruption of fl>|ch perfon ; and it (hall be lawful for the grand jury to prefent at their diferetion the font fo found for damages, to be raifed upon the county or upon the barony or baronies, through which the faid road fhall be made, in proportion to the length it fhali be made through each barony ; and that the grand jury of any county may alfn prefent any old road, or &iry pact thereof, to be {topped jup,. where any new road to anlwer the purpofes of the old one bath been or (hall be made, except Such old roads concerning which forts are npw depending either in law or equity.

XI.	Provided always. That it Yhftll bt .lawful for any perfon, who (hall think himfelf or herfelf aggrieved by fuch presentment for flopping up any old road, to traverfe

4	fuch

HUM

i ^nn

*Tbe thirteenth andfourteenth Teats of George III, fiiqh presentment at the fame or at the next affizes after fuch preferment fliall be made; and fuch traverfe fhall be tried Ly a jury ; and in cafe fuch prefent-tnenf (hail not be traverfed, or if traverfed a verdi£l fliall be found fot the prefentment, fuch prefentment /hall be cov filmed.

XII.	And be it further enacted by the authority afore- VeArie* in laid, That the Veftries of the feveral parifhes in the feveral Clfj*rs» *c- f,Ave cities in this kingdom (except the cities of Dublin and Cork)

and that the vcltries of the feveral parifhes in the feveral paving,’clcanf-corporate or borough towns in this kingdom, and in the ,n?. °f for market town of Lurgan ih the county of Armagh, may *amP*»ficc* and. are hereby impoWercd, if they think fit, to prefent fuch fum or fimi9 of money, as they (hall think neceilary, to be raifed upon the inhabitants of fuch parifhes refpe&ive-ly living within the bounds of fuch cities and towns, for the paving, gravelling, and cltanfing the feveral ftreets or lanes through fuch part of every fuch parifh, as is in fuch cities and towns, or for lamps to enlighten the ftreets or lanes in fuch cities and towns t and alfo to appoint proper perfons to hppfot and levy the fum or fums fo prefented by the faid veil 17, and to allow the faid perfons any fum not exceeding twelve pence, for each pound fo applottcd and levied, for	,

their trouble in appiotting and levying the fame, and to appoint proper perfons to be dire&ors or overfeers for the expenditure of the money fo prefented, who fhall be obliged to account upon oath fo the veftry of fuch parifh for the fame, and to allow the faid perfons any fum not exceeding two /hillings for each day every fuch director or overfeer /hall be ncceffarily employed in dire&ing or overfeeing fuch Work*

XIII.	Provided that no perfon fhall have a right to vote	ae

At any fuch veftry, Until lie /hall have fiilt taken the follow-	”

iag oath, if thereto required by any pari/hioncr, which WOrtb iocl. and oath the mmiller or curate of fuch parifh is hereby impow- not tenant at ered to adminiAer:	wiH-

I A. B* do Jwear, that I am a hou/bolder of tins parifh, and that I live •unthin the hounds of this city or town, and that 1 am worth one hundred founds, over and above all the ddts I ov^e, and that I am not a tenant at will for the hovfe I live in*

XIV.	And whereas the roads in this kingdom are very drawn with much damaged by the narrow wheels of cars, carts, and wheels under drays, and by the ilreaks being fet on fuch wheels with fprigs or high headed nails : for preventing of which, be it forfeited, with further eaa&ed by the authority aforefaiar That from the 59. $d. to the "	twenty	fcizor» dec. as

herein.



* Digitized by

3d by Google^

96	,	The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George III.

A. D. twenty fourth day of June, one thoufend feven hundred and 1773*4* feventy four, every owner or driver of any cart, car, dray. Chap. 33. or waggon, the wheels of which {hall be of lefs breadth or gauge than three inches at the lead from fide to fide at the bottom or foie, when worn, and when the ftreaks or iron, with which fuch wheels are bound, (hall be fet on with fprigs or high headed nails, (hall forfeit the fum of five (hillings and five pence, as alfo fuch cart, car, dray, or waggon, whenever any fuch cart, car, dray, or waggon (hall be ufed or drawn on any publick road in this kingdom, to the perfon feiz-ing the fame ; for the recovery whereof it (hall be lawful for any perfon to feize any fuch carriage, as alfo any horfe or* bead of draft in fuch car, cart, dray, or waggon, with all the hamefs or accoutrements thereunto belonging, wkh all convenient fpeed, * deliver up the faid horfe, or bead of draft, into the cudody of the condable, pound-keeper, or pariih officer of the dime or of the adjacent parifii or liberty, where fuch feizure (hall be made, who are hereby required to receive and retain the fame for the fpace of twenty four hours, unlefs fooner delivered by virtue of a warrant from a judice of the peace of the county, where fuch feizure (hall be made, in manner hereafter direfled ; provided that the perfon fo feizing the fame (hall within the fpace of twenty four hours make oath before fome judice of the peace of fuch county, who, being fatisfied that fuch offence has been committed, (hall iffue his warrant under his hand and feal to the condable, pound-keeper. Or parifh officer, in whofc cudody fuch horfe or bead of draft is, requiring him to deliver the fame unto the perfon named in fuch warrant, he firll paying to fuch condable, pound-keeper, or parifh offi-. cer the fum of one (hilling for each horfe or Dead of draft '	for his trouble in detaining the fame ; and upon delivery of

' fuch didrefs to the perfon named in fuch warrant the fame .	, (hall be to the foie ufe of the perfon or perfons fo named in

faid warrant, unlefs the owner of the faid bead or beads at the time of fuch feizure {hall before the delivery of the fame pay to the perfon orperfons named in fuch warrant the fum of fivq {hillings and five pence ; on payment whereof the faid condable, pound-keeper, or parifh officer, fhall-delivtr fuch-bead or beads, with all their hamefs to the owner or owners of them, he or they paying the faid condable, pound-keeper, or parifh officer, one {hilling for each bead for his care and trouble in keeping the fame ; and that if any per-foo fh&ll hinder or with force obdruti the feizing or carrying off any fuch feizure or didrefs for the aforefaid offence, <*	or any of them, or fhall refufe the fame, or (hall ufe any vio-

lence to any perfon concerned in making fuch feizure or k	diftrdi*

6

- Jt.

Digitized by

GooffI<

Tie thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George III.	97

diftrefs, every perfon fo offending (hall upon due proof made A. D. upon oath before any one juftice of the peace for the coun- 1773-4. ty, city, or county of the city or town, where fuch offence Chap. 32. is committed, (which oath fuch juftice is hereby impowered l*—-y— and required to adminifter) forfeit for every fuch offence the fum of forty (hillings to the perfon, who (hall be obftru&ed in making fuch feizure, or in carrying off the fame, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offenders goods and chattels by warrant of fuch juftice of the peace under his hand, and lead; and the feveral colle&ors or receivers of the tolls and cuftoms in the feveral cities, towns corporate, market towns, or fairs, or of the feveral bridges in this kingdom (for the paffage over which tolls are paid) are hereby required and impowered to demand and levy from all perfons double the tolls or cuftoms, they are by the laws now in force or by triage enabled to receive, who (hall carry any	&c	coj-

goods liable to pay any fuch tolls or cuftoms, in or through ]e&cd on the any city, town corporate, or market town, or fairs, or over different car-any fuch bridges in this kingdom, upon any car, cart, dray, ri*gc*» or waggon, which (hall not have the wheels thereof of the breadth or guage of three inches at the lead from (ide to fide at the bottom or foie when worn, or in cafe the ftreaks or iron, with which the wheels thereof are bound, (hall be fet on with fprigs or high headed nails: and if it (hall appear upon due proof made by one credible witnefs upon oath before any one juftice of the peace of the county, city, or county of the city or town corporate, where fuch collectors or receivers (hall be employed to colled, the tolls or cuftoms, (which oath fuch juftice is hereby impowered and required to adminifter) that fuch colledor or receiver Taf the tolls and cuftoms hath not obliged the owner or driver of any fuch car, cart, dray or waggon, to pay fuch double tolls or cuftoms for fuch goods, luch collector or receiver, knowingly fo offending againft this ad, (hall forfeit the fum of five pounds for every fuch offence, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of his goods and chatties by the warrant of fuch juftice of the peace under his hand and feal, one moiety thereof to be for the ufe of the informer, and the other for the county Infirmary 5 and that the colledors of the tolls of the feveral turnpike gates in this kingdom are hereby impowered and required to oblige the owner or driver of every fuch car, cart, dray, or waggon, to pay thirteen pence toll at each and every turnpike gate, which if fuch gate keeper (hall negled to do, it (hall be lawful for any juftice of the peace of the county, in which fuch turnpike gate is, by warrant under his hand and feal to order any fum, not exceeding twenty (hillings, to be levied off the goods and chattels of fuch gate keepex for every fuch offence, on due proof Von. VI.	O	being

98

A. D.

1773'4-Chap. 32.

County preferment *.> r llllion, gaol, or for’any load.

The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George Ilf. being made thereof by one credible witnefs upon oath before iuch juft ice, (which oath fuch juftice is hereby impow-ered to adminilier) or upon his own view; and that the owner or driver of any waggon, wain, cart, or carriage with four wheels, the breadth thereof being not lefs than fix inches at the foie or bottom thereof, and the ilreaks thereof being fet on with fiat headed nails; and the force axle tree of iuch waggon, wain, or cart, or carriage being fo much (horter than the hind axle tree, that the wheels of fuch carriage fhall roll at leaft ten inches of the road in breadth on each fide of fuch carriage, and the wheels there* of placed at fuch a dillance from each other, that the fpace betw een the middle of the one track, made by fuch wheels on the road, and the middle of the other track, (hall be from four feet ten inches to five feet, (hall not be obliged to pay more than two pence toll for any fuch waggon, wain, cart, or carriage with four wheels, at any turnpike gate for palling on any turnpike road in this kingdom in the fame day j and that the owner or driver of any cart with two fuch wheels, drawn by not more than two horfes, mares, geldings, or mules, or of any car or cart with two wheels, the breadth thereof being four inches at the bottom or foie when worn, and the ilreaks thereof being fet on with flat headed naib:, (hall not be obliged to pay more than one penny toll fur fuch cart or car with two wheels, drawn by net more than one horfe, mare, gelding, or mule, at any turnpike gate, for pafiii>g on any turnpike road in this kingdom the lame day ; it being the intention of this ad that the owners or drivtrs of fuch carriages with four wheels and w ith two w heels (hall not be obliged to pay more than once in the fame day at any gate or gates on the fame turnpike road, or divilion of fuch turnpike road upon their producing to the gate keeper or gate keepers of fuch gate or gates a ticket from the gate keeper of the firft gate they have pafftd through.

XV.	And be it further eiin&ed by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall be lawful for the gcand jury of any county at the ainzes toprefent, that fuch fum or futns of money, as they ft al. think neceflary, (hall be raifed upon fuch county at large to be expended ia. building, rebuilding, enlarging, or repairing the ieftions houfe, gaol, work houfe, or houlc of correction, or any bridge or part of a bridge, or any gullet or pipe under any road, or any w*all or part of a wall, necelfary to the fupport of any road in fuch coun* ty, or for the gravelling or filling over any fuch bridge, gullet, or pipe; and alfe for the wages of the overfeer of any fuch woik, not exceeding twelve pence for each pound to be by him expended agreeable to fuch prefentment.

XVI.	Prc7

Digitized by Google

A. D.

1773-4-Chap. 3*.

On affidavit

The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George ILL	gg

XVI.	Provided that no money (hall be fo prefented, tin-iefs it (hall appear by the affidavit of two credible perfons, who can read and write, fworn before one of the judges of aflize, or before any two juftices of the peace of fuch county, that the fum therein required is a reasonable charge, and f °hn at that the work is neceflary, and cannot beeffe&ually execut- fonable for new ed for a fmaller fum, to the beft of their judgment ; and or rc-buiiding, provided that if the affidavit (hall be for building a new fef- effing* an-fions houfe, gaol, work houfe, or houfe of concision, or ncxc<** bridge, or for rebuilding an old one, that then and in fuch

cafe a plan and eflimate of the work (hall be annexed to fuch affidavit, in which the following words Shall alfo be ia-ferted after the words fmaller fum according to the plan and eflimate hereunto annexed; and that no prefentment for any new bridge (hall be confirmed by any judge of aflize, unlefs it Shall firft appear to fuch judge, that art affidavit and efli-mate for fuch new bridge had been laid before the grand jury of fuch county at the laft affixes, and (hall be certified by the foreman of fuch grand jury, that the fame had been laid before and read unto fuch grand jury ; but this Shall not extend to new bridges prefented inftead of old ones, which were carried away or deftroyed ; and that the whole turn of mo- preferment ney fo prefented for fuch work Shall not be paid by the trea- no* P furer of any county on account of any fuich presentment,	ac-*

Until it Shall appear to the grand jury, and to the judge of count .and e<-affize, by the affidavit of one of the oveifeers appointed for penditurc, &c. fuch work, who can read and write, fworn before one of • the judges of aflize, that the faid fum fo accounted for hath % been faithfully and honeftly expended in the execution of the work, for which fuch money was granted by fuch preferment, to the belt of his Skill and judgment; and until the faid account hath been allowed by the grand jury, and by the judge of affize;» and that where any preferment exceeding one hundred pounds Shall be granted for the building, rebuilding, or repairing of any feffion. houfe, gaol, work houfe, or houfe of corre&ion, or any bridge, in fuch cafe the judge of aflize is hereby impowered to order fuch part of any fuch preferment to be paid by the treafurer to the overfeer, on the overfeeris affidavit being allowed by the grand jury, that as much of the work is done according to the preferment, as amounts to the fum required; which fum is hereby limited not to exceed two thirds of the preferment; provided that the overfeer gives Security before one of the judges of affize to finiffi the work purfuant to the preferment,

XVII.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore- Where bridge, faid. That it (hall not be lawful for the grand jury of any *c- * counjy county to prefer more than half the fum, that (hall appear

G 2	Vo	1

I juftice of 100I. a year freehold, may order 5I. to repair fudden damage.

appoint over-fee™,

grand jury, lie. impowered to raife money by presentment for repairing pnblick roads. Set* as herein.

The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George III. to them by the affidavit of two credible perfons, fworn before the judge of affize, or before any two juftices of the peace of fuch county, to be neceflary for the budding, rebuilding, or repairing of any bridge, gullet or pipe, or for the filling or gravelling over the fame, which is the boundary between fuch county and any adjoining county, and half the overfeers wages, to be raifed upon fuch county ; and that in the affidavits to be made, before the money can be fo prefented or accounted for, inftead of the words (in find county) ffiall be inferted thefe words ; which is the boundary between this county and the county of	)

and that no money ffiall be paid by the treafurer of any county on account of fuch presentment, unlefs it (hall alio appear to the grand jury and to the judge of affize, that an equal fum hath been prefented to be railed for laid work on the adjoining county 5 and that any juftice of the peaoe hf any county in this kingdom, having an eftate of freehold in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of the clear yearly value of one hundred pounds at leaft within fuch county, may under his hand and fcal order any fum not exceeding five pounds to be expended in repairing any bridge on a publick high road, feffion houfe, houfe of correction or gaol, within fuch county, which may be fuddenly damaged, and which opght to be repaired by fuch county ; provided it (hall appear to him by the affidavit of two credible perfons, who can read and write, that the repair of fuch bridge, feffion houfe, houfe of correction, or gaol, cannot be delayed to the next affizes without prejudice to the county, as they verily believe $ which affidavit the faid juftice is hereby empowered to take, and the laid juftice may alfo appoint proper over-feers to repair the fame ; and the grand jury of every fuch county is hereby impowered to raife by prefentment at the next affixes, the fum fo expended in repairing any fuch bridge on a pubhek high road, feffion houfe, houfe of correction* or gaol, upon any fuch county at large, to be paid to the overfeer or oVerfeers, fo appointed by fuch juftice, upon his or their producing to them fuch affidavit as is before mentioned, and fuch warrant under the hand and feal of the {aid juftice, as» alfo an affidavit fworn by one or more of fuch overfcers before the judge of affize, that he or they have faithfully andhonefty expended the fum fpecified in (aid affidavit in repairing fuch bridge, feffion houfe, houfe of correction, or gaol; and that any juftice of the peace qualified as aforefaid upon the affidavit of two fubftantial houfholders, who can read and write, may in like manner order any fum of money, not exceeding the fum of forty (hillings, to be expended in repairing any hole or had ftep which may happen in any road by a fudden foil of rain or other accident*

and

Digitized by

Tie thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George III. and may appoint an overfeer to repair the fame; and the grand jury of every county are hereby impowered to raife by prefentment upon the barony, in which fuch road is, the fura fo expended, on fuch ovetifeew performing fuch requires as the above mentioned overfeers of bridges are required to perform ; provided that no juft ice of the peace fhall make or have authority to make above one fuch order for any bridge or road between aflizes and aflizes, nor for any road in any barony in which he has not a freehold of the dear yearly value of one hundred pounds ; and alfo that no money (hall be paid by any treafurer to any overfeer appointed by any juftice of the peace in manner aforefaid, unlefs it fhall firft appear to the grand jury and judge of af-fize by the affidavit of fuch juftice, that he viewed fuch bridge or road, before he gave any orders for repairing the fame, and that the repair thereof feemed to him necefiary to be made; and that he viewed the fame, fince it was repaired, and that the work feemed to him to have been well executed, and the whole of the money to have been honeftly expended, and that he has an eftate of freehold in the county (if the order was for a bridge, gaol, feffion houfe, or houfe of correction) or in the barony (if the order was for a road) of the clear yearly value of one hundred pounds, and that he made only one fuch order fince the laft aflizes.

XVIII.	And be it Further enaCted by the authority afore-faid. That whenever the overfeer, appointed by the grand davit «f expea-jury for any work prefented to be done, (hall happen to diture allowed, die, before he has accounted for the fame, and after a part wa£ei P^d. or the whole of the money prefented for the fame hath been expended by him in the execution thereof, that in cafe an , affidavit fworn by any credible perfon, who can read and * write, before the judge of aflize, in the form preferibed by this aCt for the overfeer to have fworn, be allowed by the grand jury and judge of aflize ; in which affidavit, inftead pf the words (I have faithfully and honeftly experuled) may be inferted thefe words, (to the left of his belief and opinion was expended by	who	is	now dead) the

money declared by faid affidavit to have been expended, together with the wages (if prefented) fhall be paid by the treafurer, any thing herein contained to the contrary not-withftanding.	;

XIX.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, Money in That whenever it fhall happen, that any fum of money pre- ?e*JBrer 4 . , footed to be raifed fhall not be expended agreeable to luch on Othe?work presentment, and accounted for within a reafonable time af- in the county, ter fuch presentment was made, that then it fhall and may be lawful for the grand jury of the (aid county to represent fuch fum of money'then in the treafurer’s hands to be

expended

Google

1C2

A. D.

1 773‘4-Chap. 32.

Pm ions having frriy, n ay «rc<5‘. a bruise and uke toil.

No material#

ra:l»d on f ;a Chore or ) uniiw road, renal:y >» per

load.

Comity jrrcrd

juries may r ule l.irh funis of morn y ai* they f: all think proper. for ehe pur j>o!m herein mentioned, a t* red 17 and »S G. 3. c. ai. f. 10.

The thirteenth and fourteenth Years of George III. expended on fome other work in the barony, upon which the former fum was prefented to be raifed, or in the county if it was raifed upon the county at large.

XX.	And that it fhaU be lawful for any perfon or per-fons, who now have or hereafter (hall have any ferry over any river, except in ci'.ies and towns corporate, to ered and fupport a bridge at big or their own expence over fuch r ver in the place of fuch iferry, and to take and receive for pafiing fuch bridge fuch toll, and no more, as they are intirled to receive for prfling fuch ferry.

XXI.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid^ That it fhall not be lawful to or for the overfeer or overfeer* of any road, bridge, or wall, to learch for, dig, raife, or carry away any grivel, flo i.s, kind, or other materials finm any beach or i'ea fhore, whk.i i - 1 pubhVk road, or a bulwark, or defence to any towns or publjek roads adjoining the fame; and that every perfon who fh *11 be convicted thereof on the oath of any one credible witnefs b-fore any one ju 'ice of the peace within his juviitli&ion, (hall for every fuch offence ferfeit the fum of fi .e fhillings for every cart load or car load of fuch gravel, Rones, fand, or other mateiials fo dug, raifed, or carritd away, any thing in this act to the contrary notwithflanding.

XXII.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore-faid, That it dial! be lawful fbr the grand jury of any coin): ty at the aRize by presentment to raife fuch fum of money, as they (hall think fit, not exceeding five pounds on fuch county at large for paying a fccretary for his trouble in drawing and entering the presentments, and attending fuch grand jury during fuch affizes; and alfo any fum of money not exceeding five pounds for an interpreter at fuch affixes ; and alfo any fum of money not exceeding ten pounds in the whole to be paid to the eleik of the crown in lieu of fees for perfons difcharg< d at quarter feflions and affixes, and for his attendance at fuch affizes 5 and alfo any fu:n of mo-nty not exceeding ten pounds in the whole, to be paid to the clerk of the peace of fuch county for his trouble in executing the faid office ; and alfo any fum of money not exceeding one hundred pounds in the whole for an accurate furvey and map of fuch county ; and alfo any fum of money that (hall be ncceffary for paying one half year’s rent of the court houfe or fellions houfe, gaol, workhoufe, or office for keeping the records of faid county in, where fuch office is taken and rented for that purpofe by the grand jury ; and alfo any fum of money not exceeding twenty pounds in the whole fqr the building or repairing of gallowfes, pr for bolts, fhackles, Rocks, whipping poRs, ducking

ftools? or pillories, or for clpanfing of neceffary houfes of '

>03

The thirteenth andfourteenth Years of George III. gaols, or for mile ftones, or finger pods; and alfo any fum of money that fhall be necefTary for the expence of conveying of any prifoner accufed of capital offences to the county gaol, fo as the fame do not exceed the fum of fix pence for each mile, every fuch priloner fhall be fo conveyed to fuch county gaol; and alfo for the recovering of publick money from treafurers, colleftors, or receivers, their executors, adminiflrators, or fureties, upon fuch bills of coft being laid before the grand jury, and verified by affidavit fworn in court.

XXIII.	Provided always, That no fum of money fhall be paid by the treafurer of any county for or upon account w,t5l')Ut

of any fuch prefentment, (except for the falaries of the fee re-	cxPen

tary to the grand jury, the clerk of the crown, and of the clerk of the peace, or for rent) until it fhall appear to the grand jury and to the judge of affi/.e by the affidavit of one of the perfons, to whom fuch fum was granted, fworn before one of the judges of afiize, that fuch fum hath been faithfully and honettiy expended, agreeable to the prefentment by which fuch fum was gra ited.

XXIV.	And be it further enafled by the authority afore- Grand juries faid. That the grand jury of each county fhall every year to appoint con-appoint a proper perfon to be high conftable for each ba- to rony or half barony in fuch county, for which high conila- uvc Pcacc# bits have been heretofore appointed ; and fhall alio appoint

four proper perfons to be fub-conftables for every fuch barony or half barony to affill in carrying this a& into execution, and to preferve the peace at the affizes, feffions, and elections, and at all times in fuch county ; and may, if they fhall think proper, at each affizes prefent any fum not exceeding eight pounds to be raifed upon fuch barony or half barony, to be paid to fuch four fub-conRabies for their trouble in executing faid office by the treafurer of fuch county upon their producing to him a certificate from the clerk of the peace of fuch county, that they had at fome quarter feffions, or adjournment thereof for fuch county fince their appointment to fuch office duly qualified themfelves, agreeable to an a& palled in the fecond year of her late Majefly Queen Anne, intitled, An a£t to prevent the further growth of po- <• pery. And that the grand jury of every county may at c0llct5lor» of eaeh affizes appoint a proper perlon to colledt the money prcfentmcnt4 prefented to be raifed upon each barony or half barony in appointed, whoi fuch county, as alfo the proportion of fuch barony or half to enter into barony prefented to be raifed on the county at large, and may prefent any fum not exceeding nine pence in the pound, ^ aiuj pAy to be raifed and paid as wages for colie&ing the fame on fuch public producing the treafurer’s certificate of his having paid the money us herein fame purfuant to his recognizance ; provided, that themcntlone ’

faid

No payment

Crown clerk! to file affidavits, maps, plans, ana eftimates, and give trea-furer copies of preferments, Scq. penalty jl.

The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George lit. faid fum prefented as wages (hall not be railed, unlefs the perfon or perfons, who (hall fo colledl, lhall enter into a bond with warrant of attorney with two fufificient fure-ties to the treafurer of the county, to be approved by the grand jury at the afiizes, or by the juilices of the peace at the quarter fefiions, for the collecting and paying of all fuch publick money, as he or they are required to collect to fuch treafurer on or before the fecond day of the next af-alfizes ; and that every collector appointed as aforefaid may by writing under his hand and feal appoint a deputy collector or deputy collectors to aflill him in collecting the pub-lick money, for whom he (hall be anfwerable; and in cafe the grand jury (hall negleCt or omit to appoint a collector for any barony in fuch county, or that a collector being appointed (hall fail to give the fecurity required, the high con-llable of fuch barony (hall to all intents and purpofes be deemed the collector within his diitriCt; and (hall in like manner on giving the fecurity aforefaid, and not otherwife, be intitled to receive the fum prefented as wages for his trouble in collecting fuch publick money ; and the feveral conftables of each county are hereby required to aid and af-fift the collector or collectors, deputy collector or deputy collectors, or high conltable of fuch county, in collecting the publick money fo prefented to be raifed in fuch county, as alfo all perfons impqwered to levy publick money ; which, if any conltable fo required (hall refufe to do, every fuch conftable fo refufing lhall upon conviction by the oath of two credible witneffes before any two juilices of the peace of the county, city, or town corporate, where fuch offence lhall be committed, forfeit for every fuch offence a fum not exceeding ten pounds, to be levied together with the charges by dill refs and fale of the goods of the offender by warrant of any two juilices of the peace for fuch county, city, or town corporate, where fuch offence lhall have been committed ; and that all perfons, impowered to levy or colleCl publick money, lhall, and may, and arc hereby impowered to levy the fame by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of all fuch perfons, who lhall refufe to pay the fame, and after the fale of fuch didrefs to retain the money which the faid perfon ought to pay, rendering the overplus (if any) after deducing one {billing in the pound for the trouble of levying the fame, or one (hil-liug for every warrant,

XXV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afbre-faid, That the clerks of the crown refpe&ively throughout this kingdom lhall file and keep amongil the records of each county within his province all affidavits, maps, plans, and eftimates made purfuant to this a&, and /hall within four days after every afiizes deliver to the treafurer of each

county

The thirteenth andfourteenth Tears of George III. County without fee or reward, copies of all the presentments made at faid affizes, and alfo of all queries cKfchaiged at the fame, Signed by himfelf, and for every default thereof, that he (hall forfeit the Sum of five pounds, to be recovered by any perfon who (hall fue for the fame by civil bill; and fuch clerk of the crown (hall alfo at every ailizes deliver to the grand jury a true and faithful' return of all queries and prefentments, which have not been duly accounted for and discharged; and if he (hall wilfully negleCt fo to do, he (hall upon conviction thereof by evidence to the Satisfaction of the court be incapable of aCting in the (aid office for the future. And that the treafurer of every (*>unty (hall give copies of fuch prefentments, as (hall receive from the clerk of the crown, to any of the overfeers mentioned in fuch prefentment, or to their order, on demand, or within ten days after fuch overfeer (hall apply to him for the fame, without fee or reward ; and that every treafurer (hall make up his accounts upon oath of all his receipts and payments at every affizes, and lay them fairly written the iaft day of the faid affizes, or Sooner if required, before the grand jury of fuch county where he is appointed treafurer, to be viewed, allowed, or disapproved of by the (aid grand jury, who (hall caufe the lame to be entered in the county book, with fuch remarks as they (hall think (it to make thereon ; and tha£ no treafurer (hall compound for any money to be raifed on the publick, nor make any deductions whatfoever for any fum, he (hall pay to any perfon, but fuch a3 he (hall account for; and if the treafurer of any county (hall offend herein, or negleCt to make up his accounts as aforefaid, or to keep an office open every day (Sunday only excepted) for the fpace of fourteen days immediately next after every affizes, from the hours of nine in the morning 'till three in the afternoon, in the town wherein the affizes were lad held, or (hall during that time refufe to pay the amount of all fuch queries, as (hall have been difeharged, if demanded, without fee or reward (if he (hall have publick money to pay the fame) he (hall be fined by the judge of affize, or be committed without bail or mainprize to the county gaol at the diferetion of fuch judge of affize.

XXVI.	And be it further enaCted by the authority afore-laid, That the treafurer of each county (hall, within one month after he (hall have received fuch copies of the presentments, ilfue his warrants to the Several perfons, who under the provilion in this ad are to be the collectors for levying and colk&ing the Sums to be raifed off each barony or hall barony, in order to anfwer the prefentments made at fuch affizes; which Sums every perfon, to whom fuch warrant is directed, is hereby impowered and required to

raife

Treafurer after receiving copies of preferments flull iilue warrants to collectors,

io6 A. D.

1773‘4-Chap. 52.

Collector* in 10 day« after receiv Mg warrant (hall fend to the fcm-fchal rector, &c. at herein.

penalty iol, fcy civil bil),

The thirteenth and fourteenth Teats of George III. taife and levy, and to pay to the treafurer on or before the fecond day of the next affizes ; and in cafe any perfon (hall refufe to pay his or her proportion thereof, fuch perfon, as (hall be impowered to collet the fame, (hall and may levy the fame by diilrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of fuch perfon, rendering to him or her the overplus, if any, after deluding thereout at the rate of twelve pence for each pound for his trouble in making fuch diilrefs; and in every fuch warrant (hall be inferted the names of the feveral manors, parishes, or denominations, contained in that portion of the county, which fuch perfon is to colled from, as the fame is contained in the county book, and alfo the whole fum to be collected by fuch perfon, and the portion thereof which each manor, parilh, or denomination is to pay, according to its contents in the county book, or as it has been ufually rated at.

XXVII.	And whereas it has been found very difficult in many cafes tp ascertain the proportion each perfon is to pay 5 whereby much obdrudion has arifen to the collection of the money required by the tieafurcr’3 warrant to be levied: therefore be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That every perfon impowened to receive the fame, to whom fuch warrant (hall be fent, lhall, within ten days after he (hall have received fuch warrant, deliver or fend to the fenefchal, redor, vicar, curate, or church wardens of each manor, parilh, or denomination of land mentioned in fuch warrant, or in cafe there be no fenefchal, redor, vicar, or curate, or church warden of the fame, then to any principal reliding inhabitant (if he lhall be required fo to do by any two landholders of any fuch manor, parilh, or denomination of land, or if he lhall find it necelfary fo to do) an account in writing figned by himfelf, of the fum he is required by the faid warrant to levy upon the faid manor, parilh, or denomination, and to defire that the faid fum may be applotted thereon ; and every perfon, who lhall receive fuch account, is hereby required, under the penalty of ten pounds, to be recovered by civil bill before the judges of aflize by any perfon who lhall fue for the fame, to poll up within fix days after the receipt thereof on the door of the church, or any other confpicuous place in faid manor, parilh, or denomination, a notice figned by himfelf, fetting forth, that the landholders and inhabitants of

are hereby required to meet at on the	day	of	to chufe two or more

perfons to applot the fum of	required to be

levied upon fuch manor, parilh, or denomination, by the warrant of the treafurer of this county : at which meeting the landholders and inhabitants then prefent lhall chufe two

or

Digitized by

The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George III.	ioj

or more perfons to be applottcrs, and the perfons fo chofen	A. D.

(hall applot the fame fully and juftly, as foon as they con-	1773-4.

veniently can; and fhall upon the back of, or underneath Chap. 32. their applotment, make oath before any juitice of the peace for fuch county, that they have made the faid applotment juftly according to the bell of their Ik ill without favour, affection, or malice; and (hall within thirty days after being fo chofen, deliver the fame to the perfon, who is im-powered to collcdl the fame, under the penalty of forfeiting for every day they (hall omit to deliver the fame after the faid thirty days the fum of ten (hillings to be recovered by applotten in civil bill before the judge of affize, by any perfon who (hall jc days deliver fue for the fame ; and the collector on receiving fuch full l.° collector and fufficient applotment is hereby authorized and required jo^for* to levy tlie (aid money according thereto ; and alfo any fum every day omit* of money, not exceeding ten (hillings, for the applotteris ted, fees, by diftrefs and fale of the goods of every pe fon refu- ^4 *C8» fing to pay the proportion therein applotted for him or her to pay rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner ; and in cale no full and fufficient applotment fhall be returned, within thirty fix days after fuch account was fent or deliver* ed, then in fuch cafe it (hall be*lawful for the colle&or, or his deputy, or the high conftablc, into fuch manor, parifh, or denomination to enter and diftrain the whole or any part thereof, and by fale of fuch diftrefs to levy the full fum he is required by the treafurer’s warrant to levy upon fuch manor, parifh, or denomination ; and that it (hall be lawful for the grand jury of any county at any affizes held for the ' fame, to prefent all fuch fums of money, as now are or at any time hereafter (hall be unpaid or in arrear, out of any barony or half barony, to be raifed and levied on fuch barony or half barony, which the fame was originally required by the treafurer’s warrant to be levied upon, if they thinly fit, and to prefent all fuch fums of money, which have hitherto been or at any time hereafter (hall remain unpaid on account of the abfeonding or infolvency *of any collector, or other perfon impowered to collect or receive publick mor.ev, who is or (hall be infolvent, to be raifed and levied either upon the county or upon the barony or half barony, in which the fame was before levied, if they think fit 5 which fums (hall be levied in the fame mauner, and fubjeft to the fame rules, regulations, provifions, and powers, as the money to be levied by virtue of this a£l is to be fubjeCt;	v

and in cafe any money fo detained or fecreted by any collector, treafurer, or other perfon impowered to collect or receive publick money, (hail be hereafter recovered, it (hall be paid to the then treafurer, and be prefented by the grand jury to be expended in executing fome work or works in the faid county at large, or fcareny or half barony, which

Digitized by v^ooQle

Colledor dying before receipt, another at feflions on fecurity till one appointed by grand jury.

Prcfcntment tmy be traver* fed.

On entrv in crown book if luffkient in fubftancc, though not in form.

The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George IIL are fo charged, fuch as grand juries hare power to prefent on the county, barony, or half barony reipedively. And that if it ihall appear to any judge upon due proof by two credible perfons upon oath at any affizes within one year after any quere, or any prefentment by which money was granted, has been difeharged, that the court was deceived by any affidavit for difeharging fuch quere, and that the money was not expended agreeable to the prefentment, the judge of affize may, notwithftanding fuch quere was difeharged, fine or iflue procefs in fuch cafe againft the over-feer or overfeers mentioned in fuch prefentment, as if the quere had not been anfwertd. And that if any lordfhip, manor, or parifh, (hah be fo large, that one conftable (hall not be fufficient to do the whole office of conftable within the faid lordfhip, manor, or parifti, it (hall be lawful to make and appoint two or more conftables for fuch lordfhip, manor, or parifh in fuch manner, as fuch one conftable was formerly appointed for the (ame ; which (aid new conftable or conftables (hah have fuch and the (ame power and authority, as any other conftable hath, or by the laws of this realm ought to have.

XXVIII.	And be it farther enacted by the authority aforefaid, That if any colledor, appointed by the grand jury of any county, (hall happen to die, before he (hall have colleded the publick money, it (hall be lawful for the juftices of the peace of fuch county at the quarter-feffions, or any ac^ournment thereof, to appoint another fit and proper perlon to colled the publick money in the place of fuch colledor deceafed upon his giving fufficient fecurity to perform the requifites aforefaid, until a colledor (hall be appointed by the grand jury of fuch county aforefaid.

XXIX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall be lawful for any perfon, who (hall think himfelf or herfelf aggrieved by the prefentment of any grand jury, to enter one or more traverfe or traverfes in open court to fuch prefentment; which traverfe or traverfes (hall be tried immediately, or at the next affizes.

XXX.	Provided always, That fuch traverfe may be tried upon the entry of any prefentment in the crown boojt, and the traverfe taken thereto, without making up any record for the purpofe, fo that fuch entry in the crown book be fufficient in fubftance, though it may be defedive in point of form. And that every overfeer, appointed by the grand jury for making or repairing any publick road or wall ne-ceflary for the lupport of any road, (hall be impowtred to dig for, raife, and carry away any gravel, (tones, fand, or other materials, which may be wanted for the building, rebuilding, enlarging, or repairing of any bridge, gullet, pipe, or wall neceffary for the fupport qf any road, or for the

making.

Digitized by v^ooQie

The thirteenth andfourteenth Tears of George 111. making, repairing, or preferving of any road, whether it be in fuch county or adjoining county, and to make drains, in order to carry off the water that may injure any bridge, gullet, pipe, wall, or road, in or through the lands of any perfon not being a deer park, garden, orchard, haggard, or yard, or in the planted walk, avenue, or lawn, to the manfion houfe of any perfon, and to carry away the faid materials; and that fuch overfeer (hall make fuch fatisfa&ion to the owner or occupier of the land, for what damage may be done thereby, as (hall be affeffed by three fubftantial householders of the county, in which he was appointed overfeer, one to be named by each of the parties, and the third by the next, or any neighbouring juftice of the peace, who (hall be fwom by fuch juftices of the peace to be appraisers of fuch damages, and to make a true eftimate of fuch damages to the beft of their (kill; and that if any perfon (hall obftru& or prevent fuch overfeers in digging for, railing, or carrying away fuch materials, or in making fuch drains, fuch perfons (hall upon convi&ion by oath of one credible witnels before any one juftice of the peace of fuch county, city, or town corporate, where fuch offence (hall have been committed, forfeit for every fuch offence a- fum not exceeding five pounds; to be levied together with the charges by diftrefs and fale of the goods of the offender, by the warrant of any one juftice of the peace of fuch county, city, or town corporate, where fuch offence (hall have been committed.

XXXI.	And that a Sufficient recompence may be made __ ___

to any perfon injured by the taking of any fuch materials, eftimate, (worn as (hall be neceffary for the building, rebuilding, enlarging, to before a juror repairing of any bridge, gullet, pipe, or wall, neceffary^^1* for the Support of any road, be it further ena&ed by the jury, authority afore faid, That the eftimate of fuch damages as aforefaid, made by the perfons appointed for that purpofe, and Sworn to by them before two juftices of the peace of fuch county, may be laid before the next grand jury of fuch county, who may prefent fuch fum or fums of money, as Uiey mall think a Sufficient recompence for fuch damages as aforefaid, not exceeding the fum fo eftimated, to be raif-ed off the county at large, and paid to fuch perfons by the treafurer of fuch county; and that every fuch overfeer may give notice to the owner or occupier of the land adjoining to the roads, he is appointed to overfee, to fcour the drains or ditches, or to cut or clip the hedges by the Sides of fuch roads at a height not exceeding five feet, which if the owner or occupier (hall negle& to do within ten days after the Serving of fuch notice, any juftice of the peace of the county, in which fuch road is, may by warrant under his hand and Seal, order the rverfeer of fuch road to have the (aid drains

or

Appraiser's

Digitized by

Got $Ie

A. D. or ditches eflfedlually fcoured, or the hedges cot or clipped 9 1773-4. and may by fuch warrant authorize fuch overfeer to levy the Chap. 32. ex pence attending thereon off the goods of fuch owners or occupiers, together with fucli wages to the faid overfeer, as the faidjuitice (hall think fit, not exceeding eighteen pence for each day that the faid overfeer (hall neceffarily be employed in attending and performing fuch work.

48 hours	XXXII.	And	be	it	further	enabled	by the authority

civafeToTklb *^wrekid# That if the owner of occupier of any land ot eonlbbie to rc- houfe adjoining any publick road, (hall after notice given to move nuifanre him or her by the overfeer of fuch road, or by the fubconfta-within 21 teet ble of the barony, to remove any dunghill, dirt, rubbifh, or farcinCCUtrC' ** other nuifance which may be laid upon any part of ftfch road, oppofiteto his or her land or houfe, or within twenty one feet of the centre of fuch road, or to make fewers or pipes for the free pafTage of any water that may be obftrufb ed by the palling of cattle into his or her land, or to his or her houfe from fuch road, fo as to injure fuch road, forty eight hours next after fervice of fuch notice perfonally or at his or her houfe or ufual place of abode, that then End in every” fuch cafe the overfeer of the faid road, or the fubconftablc of the barony, or any other perfon may complain of the refufal or neglcdl to remove the faid dunghill, dirt, rubbifh, or other nuifance or to make fuch fewers or pipes by the faid owner or occupier of fuch land or houfe, to any jullice of the peace for the county, where the faid dunghill, dirt, rubbifh, or other nuifance (hall be laid, and thereupon it (hall and may be lawful for the faid juflice of peace to iflue his warrant or fummons, requiring the party or parties fo complained of to appear before him at a certain place therein mentioned within fix days after fuch ferried of the faid warrant or fummons to anfwer the faid complaint ; and the faid jullice (hall and may in the prefence of the faid party or parties complained of, or in his, her, or their nbftnce, if duly fummoned, he, fhe, or they refufe or neglcft to appear at the time and place appointed in fuch warrant or fummons, examine into the matter of the faid complaint; and if it (hall be manifell to the faid jultice upon fuch examination by confeflion of the party, or upon qath of one credible witnefs, that the faid complaint was well founded, it (hall and may he lawful for every fuch jullice of the peace, upon every fuch offence proved as aforefaid, to fine the owner or occupier of fuch land or houfe in any fum not exceeding twenty (hillings, and by his warrant or warrants to levy” the fame by dillrefs and fale of the offendets goods ; and the money arifing by fuch fale over and above tlie amount of the faid fine to pay the faid owner or occupier of the faid land or houfe, and the faid fine levied as afore* faid the faid jullice (hall apply in manner following, that U

to

I



e -

The thirteenth andfourteenth Teart of George III.	Ill

<o (ay, in the firft place to defray the expence of removing A. D. the faid dunghill, dirt, or rubbifh, or other nuifance, ana	1773-4.

in making fuch fewers or pipes; and the reiidue of the	Chap. 32.

faid fine the faid juftice fhall pay to the minifter and church-wardens of the parifh, wherein fuch dunghill, dirt, rubbifh, or other nuifance fhall have been laid, for the life of the poor of the faid parifh.

XXXIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority Extended to

aforefaid, That every perfon, who fhall build any houfe or ftreets and lanes

pait of a houfe within twenty five feet of the centre of any °*

*	.	/	...	i	v	,	J	town,	by	15	v*.

road, (except m cities or market towns,) or keep any cur, c ^

dog, maftiff, or bull dog, at any houfe within fifty yards of any road, without having a block of wood of the weight of five pounds at the leaft fattened to the neck of every fuch dog, or fhall lay any turf, dung, dirt, ftraw, rubbifh, or the fcouring of any ditches or drains, or other filth, or any ftones or timber upon any part of any road, or within twenty one feet of the centre of any road, or fhall fteep or dry any flax, or burn any weeds or bricks, within one hundred yards of any road, or build any lime kiln within fifty yards of any road, or fhall cut any turf, or make any turf ttack within twenty one feet of the centre of any road, or fhall pull down any part of any bridge, or injure any mile ftone or finger pott, or fhall dig any pit, or make any ditch, or (hall build any wall, within fifteen feet of the centre of any road, or put up any fign pott or May bufh within twenty five feet of the centre of any road, or fhall leave any car or cart in the night time from fun fet to fun rife on any part of any road, or in the ftreets of any city or town, through which travellers ufually pafs, without leaving a paffage twenty one feet at leaft in breadth for travellers, or winnow any com on any part of any road, or (hall alter any road* not being firft authorized fo to do by due courfe of law, or (hall leave the carcafe of any dead horfe, mule, afs, or other beaft, or. fkin any dead horfe, mule, afs, or other beaft, on any road, or within one hundred yards of the centre of any road, or fhall lead or drive any car or cart with timber, boards, or iron laid croffways on fuch car or cart, or ferape the gravel off any road, fhall upon convi&ion by the oath of one credible witnefs before any juftice of the peace of the county, where fuch offence fhall be committed, or upon the view of any fuch juftice, for every fuch offence forfeit a fum not exceeding ten (hillings, to be levied by dillrefs and fale of the goods of the offender by the warrant of any one juftice of the peace of the county, city, or town corporate, in which fuch offence fhall be committed : And that if any perfon fhall draw any mill ftone on any road without fupport-ing fuch mill ftone by a carriage on wheels, fuch perfons fhall upon conviction by the oath of one credible witnefs before 1	any

Digitized by

Google

A. D.

1773’4-Chap. 32.

Laying on land in $ miles of city, 1 of town corporate, any filth without covering with lime or wrth, 5h

any one juftice of the peace of the county, where fuch offence (hall be committed, forfeit a fum not exceeding forty (hillings, to be levied by diftrefs and (ale of the goods of the offender by the warrant of any one juftice of the peace of the county, or city, or town coiporate, in which fuch offence (hall be committed; and that if any perfon (hall draw any timber, boards, or fticka, without fuppoiting the ends of fuch timber, boards, or fticka on a carnage or carriages on wheels of the breadth of three inches at the leaft on any road,'which was made or repaired with money granted by the grand jury of any county or turnpike board, fuch perfon (hall upon conviftion by the oath of one credible witncfa before any one juftice of the peace within his jurifdiftion, or upon the view of fuch juftice, forfeit a fum not exceeding five (hillings to be levied by diftrefs and (ale of the roods of the offender by the warrant of fuch juftice, and alfo fuch timber, boards, or fticks, to the perfon who fhall fetze the fame ; and that the grand jury at any affizes may pre-fent any houfe or part of a houle, or lime kiln, hereafter built contrary to the intent of this aft, to be pulled down. Or that any juftice of the peace within his juriidiftion may by his warrant order any dog kept contrary to the intent of this aft to be killed, or any pit or ditch to be filled up or levelled, or any wall to be thrown down, that (hall be hereafter made or built contrary to this aft, as alfo the neceflary ex pence attending thereon, to be levied by diftrefs and falc of the offenders goods and chatties; and that any perfon may take and carry away all fuch turf, dung, dirt, ftraw, or rubbiih, com, filth, fcouring of ditches or drains, or (tones as he (hall find fo laid upon any part of any road, or within twenty one feet of the centre of any road, and apply the fame to his own ufe, and may kill any dog, that (hall be kept contrary to this aft, without being lued or profecuted for fo doing.

XXXIV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That every landholder or occupier of land, who (hall lay, or caufe or fuffer to be laid, upon his land within three miles of any city, or within one mile of any town corporate in this kingdom, for manure or any other purpofe any filth, offals, or blood, or the fcrapings of daughter houfes or of (hambles, or the emptyings of privies without immediately covering the fame with fuch quantities of lime or earth, as (hall be fufficicnt to prevent any annoyance therefrom, (had upon the view of any juftice of the peace within his jurifdiftion, or upon the information of one ere* dible witnds, forfeit the fum of five pounds for every fuch offence, to be levied by diftrefs and fide of the goods and chatties of the offender, by the warrant of fuch juftice of the peace within his jurifdiftion under his hand and feaL

XXXV.	And

Digitized by

The thirteenth andfourteenth Tears of George III.

XXXV.	And be it further ena^ed by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall be lawful for the judges of aflize in their feveral and refpe&ive circuits from time to time to order one or more warrants in nature of an execution to iflue, dire&ed to the high (heriff or other officer lawfully autho- Judges war-sized within the fevcral and refpe&ive counties, and counties

of cities and towns, where any perfon was made treafurer, fajc 0p colle&or, or overfeer of any publick work, impoweringrents and profits fuch high (heriff, or his under {heriff, lawful deputy, ortoc levyarreaxs other officer lawfully authorized, by fale of the* goods and^^1^^^ chatties, or fufficient part thereof, or by or out of the rents, colle&or/oTer-* iflues, and profits of the lands and tenements of any fuchfeer, or furctiea, treafurer, colle&or of the publick money, or overfeer, or their fureties, who (hall not have accounted for and paid the publick money, they ought to have accounted for and paid or expended, and who (hall be found to be in arrear for the fame, or any part thereof, to raife, levy, and collet fuch fum or fums of money, for which they fhall be fo in arrear, and pay the fame when levied to the treafurer of the county ; for the colle&ion of which fuch high fheriff, or his under (heriff, or lawful deputy, or other officer lawfully authorized, fhall be intitled to receive one (hilling for every pound he (hall fo collect, to be levied in manner aforefaid from fuch perfon and perfons, againit whom fuch warrant fhall iflue as aforefaid; and that it (hall be lawful for every judge of aflize to enquire of, hear, and determine all and every offence, matter, and caufe, that (hall grow', come, or arife, by reafon of this ftatute, and to lay on fuch rea-fonable fines as (hall be thought meet; w'hich fines (hall be levied by the high (heriff, or his under (heriff, or by the colle "dor of any barony, or his deputy, as the faid judge of aflize (hall direft, as all county or barony taxes are hereby appointed to be levied, and (hall be paid to the treafurer of fuch county, to be expended in fuch manner as the grand jury of fuch county (hall dire&, after deducing one (hilling in the pound for levying the fame.

XXXVI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority Defendants aforefaid, That if any perfon (hall be fued, molefted, or may plead ge-troubled for putting in execution any of the powers con- nerai ,ffuc> ghra tained in this adt, or for doing any adt, matter, or thing ^dente^o^ purfuant thereto, fuch perfon (hall and may plead the gene- avow on’trea-ral iflue and give the fpccial matter in evidence, or may avow furcr’* warrant, the taking any diftrefs on the treafurer’s warrant merely and have trcbU without going into other title or authority; and if the co *" plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall be nonfuited, and judgment given

againft him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwife, or a verdict pafs for the defendant or defendants, or a difmifs upon a civil bill, fuch defendant or defendants (hall have his, her, or their treble >eofts; to be xccovercd by fuch Vol. VI.	H	method

Gock e

114	The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George III.

A. D. method and manner as where by law cofts are given to dr-

1773*4* fendants; and that the folcmn affirmation or declaration of

Chap. 33. a quaker (hall be adjudged and taken to be of the lame force and effect to all intents and purpofes, in any cafe where by this ad an oath is required to be taken, as if fnch quaker had taken ari oath in the form preferibed, or in the ufual form.

Juftiae* to XXXVII. And be it further enaded by the authority a^and^ni‘* aforefaid, That his Majefty’s juftices of the peace arc hereby m r * authorized to put this ad in execution, and to adminifter the feveial oaths herein before direded to be taken within their feveral and refpedive jurifdidions; and that one moiety of all forfeitures and pecuniary penalties to be inflided by this ad, and not other wife applied, (hall be paid to the informer with full cofts; and the other moiety to the trea-furer of the county infirmary for the benefit of fuch infirmary ; and that if any perfon, convided of any offence by this ad, (hall not be able to pay the penalty he or (he has incurred, it (hall be lawful for the juftice or juftices of the peace, before whom fuch perfon was convided, to fend fuch perfon to the w*ork houfe or houfe of corredion of the county, there to remain at hard labour for fuch time as the faid juftice or juftices (hall think proper, not exceeding three months.

Perjury, falfe XXXVIII. And be it further enaded by the authority affirming, forg- aforefaid, That every perfon, who (hall be guilty of wilful "me11, punifticd and corrupt perjury, or of falfe affinning, or of forging as wilful per or counteifeiting the name of any juftice of the peace, and jury.	be thereof convided by due courfe of law, (hall incur the

pains and penalties, which by law are enaded agaioft wilful and corrupt perjury.

Prefcntment XXXIX. And be it further enaded by the authority afore-° r^rch for^* faid, That it (hall be lawful for the grand jury of any coun-Foot^path with lY* or county a city, or county of a town, to raife by ftiles, not under presentment fuch (um or fums of money, as fuch grand jury 3 feet, on the (hall think neceffary, not exceeding twelve pence per perch, ' ^or mak,n£ or repairing a foot path with ftiles, not left <ronlent.Cl ^ICr * than three ^eet wide, on any road in fuch county, or along the fide of any road, with the confcnt of the occupier of the land, upon any barony in fuch county in which fuch foot path is neceffary, fubjed to fuch method of account as the prefentment3 for publick roads are by this ad made fubjed unto; and that if any perfon (hall ride or drive any horfe, beaft, or cattle, knowingly, willingly, or unnecef-farily, on any fuch foot-path, fuch perfon (hall upon con-vidion by the oath of any one credible witnefs before any one juftice of the peace within his jurifdidion, or upon the view of any one fuch juftice, for any fuch offence forfeit a fum not exceeding five (hillings, to be levied by warrant

under

Digitized by LjOOQie

The thirteenth andfourteenth Tears of George III.

Under the hand and feal of fuch juitice by diftrefs and tale of the horfe, beaft, or cattle, fo ridden or driven on fuch foot path, which penalty (hall go to the informer*

XL. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That this aft (hall extend to counties of cities and Extended to counties of towns, and that the grand juries thereof (hall be empowered to prefent fuch fum or futns of money, as *** wn## they (nail think neceflary, on the county at large of fuch eity or town in the fame manner, and for the fame purpofes, and fubjeft to the fame method of account to all intents whatfoever, and to do every other aft, that the grand juries of the feveral counties in this kingdom are by this aft enabled to do, although the words, in the barony or halfbarony of	be not inferted in the affidavits laid

before fuch grand jury.

XL I* And belt further cnafted by the authority afore- Prefentments* faid, That all prefentments made, or money to be levied, &c. in^onfe-accounted for, or paid, in confequence of the aft hereby 4ucncc 5 Gj repealed, (hall be levied, accounted for, and paid in man- accounted for, ner preferibed thereby, or by this aft, fubjeft to the and paid, rules, provifoes, and regulations, therein or herein contained*

XL 11. And whereas by au aft paffed in the eleventh year Veftries in of his prefent Majefty, inti tied, An a 3 to explain and amend Ulfter, held i ft an a9 pxsjfed In the fifth fear of hit Maiejly King George the third, mtitled, An a3 for amending the publick roads, it is Thursday, in provided, that a veftry (hall and may be held in every pa- September rifh or union in the province of Ulfter on the firft Tuef- l***Yt% indead day, Wednefday, or Thurfday, after, the feaft of Saint Michael in every year for the purpofes mentioned in the ’	’	**

laid aft i and whereas the days for holding fuch veftry mentioned in the faid aft have proved inconvenient: be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That fuch veftry (hall, inftcad of being held on the days mentioned in faid aft for the purpofe aforefaid, be hereafter held on the firft Tuef-day, Wednefday, or Thurfday, of September in every year*

XLIII. And whereas the perfon or perfon$ appointed colleftor or colleftors of money prefented at veftries, held under and by virtue of the faid aft, frequently refufe to account for or pay the money colleftcd by him or them to direftor or direftors mentioned in the faid aft, as the faid aft appoints : for remedy whereof, be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That upon fuch refufal of any colleftor t>r colleftors to account for or to pay the money collefted, or which (hould be collefted by him or them, any juftice of the peace of the county, feized or poflefled of three hundred pounds a year, (hall on the complaint of any fuch direftor or direftors fpxpmon the colleftor or colleftors fo re-

H a	fufing

Digitized by L,ooQle

Ii6	7he thirteenth and fourteenth Tears cf George III.

A.' D. fufing to account for or to pay before him ; and if fuch collcftor 17 73”4* or colleftors fo to be fummoned fliall not fliew fufficient caufe for fuch refufal, or for not collefting the fum or fums prefent-O-olleaors C(j at fuch veftry, the juftice (hall forthwith by warrant un-count S&c° n ~G der his hand and feal caufe the fum or fums received, or 3,c. 9. fummoned which ought to have been received without wilful de-by a juft ice, fault, by fuch colleftor or colleftors, to be forthwith le-?"yied withaU^C* v*e<^	g°0<^8	and	chatties of the colleftor or collec-

cofts on hii tors, together with the cofts of fuch warrants, and of warrant, dec. the conliables trouble in levying the fame; and fliall pay the fame to the direftor or direftors of the parifh, to be applied by them purfuant to the prefentment of the faid veftry.

GHAP, XXXIIL

An Ad for continuing an Adf entitled, An Ad for repairing the Road leading from 7ubber9 near the Bounds of the Counties of Clare and Galway, to the town of Ennis in the faid County of Clare, and from thence to the North Liberties of the City of Limerick.

•3 O. 2. c. 25.	HERE	AS	an	aft	was parted in the feventh year of

▼ * the rei gn of his late Majefty King George the fecond, entitled. An ad for repairing the road leading from Tubher, near the hounds of the counties of Clare and Galway, to the town of Ennis in the faid county of Clare, and from thence to the north liberties of the city of Limerick; which aft hath an-fwered the purpofes, for which the fame was made, but the faid aft will expire on the firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy five : And whereas it is neceflary, to continue	that the feveral provifions therein contained fhould be con-

laid aft,	tinued for a further term as well for the purpofes of com-

pleating the faid road, as keeping the fame in repair : be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent Majefty by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That for the better furveyir.g, or-tmfttes dering, amending, and keeping the fame in good repair, the' right honourable William carl of Inchiquin, the right honourable Piercy Windham earl of Thomond, the right reverend Robert lord bift.op of Killaloe, the right honourable Marcus Patcrfon, lord chief juflice of his Majefty’s court of common pleas, fir Lucius O’Brien, baronet, Francis Pierpoint Burton efquire, the honourable William Henn, one of the judges of his Majefly’s court of King's Bench, . William Burton efquire, Crofton Vandelure efquire, Edward O’Brien efquire, Nicholas Wcfby efquire, James

O’ Briea

Digitized by O^ooQle

The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George III.	117

O’Brien efquire, John Harrifon efquire, collector of En- A. D. nis, as alfo all fuch perfons as now are or (hall hereafter 1773-4. from time to time be put into the commifiion of the peace for Chap. 33. the faid county of Clare, and alfo all fuch clergymen bene-ficed in the faid county, as now are or (hall hereafter be rc-lidcnt within the fame, who are hereby nominated and appointed truttees of the faid roads, and the furvivors of them, 5 ^ ercA they, or any five or more of them, or fuch perfon or perfons as turnpikes, they, or any five or more of them, fhali authoririze and appoint, (hall and may ere£l or caufe to be ere&ed one or more gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes, in, upon, or acrofs any part or parts of the faid highways or roads, and alfo a toll houfe or toll houfes, and there fhali receive and take the toll, the tolls and the duties following, before any horfe, mare, gelding, afs, or mule, cattle, coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chaife, or chair, waggon, wain, cart, car, or other carriage, fhali be permitted to pafs through the fame, viz. for every coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chaife, or chair, drawn by	t

fix horfes, mares, geldings, afles, or mules, or more, the fum of one (hilling; and for every coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chaife or chair, drawn by any lefs number of horfes, geldings, or mares than fix, and more than one, the fum of fix pence ; for every waggon, wain, cart, car, or other fuch carriage with four wheels, drawn by any cattle, the fum of five (hillings ; for every wain, cart, car, or carriage w’ith two wheels drawn by more than one horfe, mare, or gelding, afs or mule, or other cattle, the fum of four pence ; for every carriage commonly called a chair or chaife with one horfe, marc, gelding, afs, or mule, the fum of three pence; for every car or other carriage drawn by one horfe, mare, gelding, afs or mule, the fum of three half pence ; for every horfe, mare, gelding, afs, or mule, laden or unladen, and not drawing, one penny ; for every drove of oxen or neat cattle, the fum of ten pence per fcore, and fo in proportion for any greater or IcfTer number ; for every drove of calves, hogs, fheep, or lambs, the fum of five pence per fcore, and fo in proportion for any greater or letter number; which faid refpe&ive fum and fums of money fhali be demanded and taken in the name of or as a toll or duty, and the money fo to be raifed as aforefaid is and fhali be hereby veiled in the faid truttees, and the fame, and every part thereof fhali be paid, applied, difpofed of, and afligned to and for the fevc-ral ufes, intents, and purpofes, and in fuch manner, as is herein after mentioned and dire&ed; and the faid truttees, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered by them-felves or any perfon or perfons, by them or any five or more of them under their hands and feals thereunto authorized, to levy the tolbor duty hereby required to be paid upon any perfon or perfons, who fhali after demand made there*

3	.	of

The thirteenth andfourteenth Teary of George 111. of negleft or refufe to pay the fame, by diftrefs of any horfe or hoifes, or other cattle or goods, upon which fuch toll or duty is by this aft impofed, or upon any other the goods and chatties of fuch perfon or perfons who ought tq pay the fame, and may detain and keep the fame, until fuch toll or duty, with the ryafonable charges of fuch diftrainiog or keeping the fame, {hall be paid ; and it {had and ma? be lawful to and for fuch perfon or perfons (q diftrainfng, after the fpace of five days after fuch diftrefs made and taken, to fell the goods fo diftrained, returning the overplus, if anj be, upon demand, to the owner thereof after fuch toll, du? ty, and reafonable charges for diftraining and keeping the fame (hall be dedufted and paid,

* um mn II. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That •apence*applied Pu* of the firft money, ?m*fing by the profits of the feveral tP the road, turnpikes fo to bc erefted, the (aid truftees, or any five or jnore of them, {halj firft pay and difeharge the expence of procuring this aft of Parliament, and of erefting fuch turnpike or turnpikes, or building fuch toll hqufe or toQ houfes j and from and after fuch charges and expences (hiQ _ be fully fatisfied and paid, that then and from thenceforth • the profits arifing, and the toll to be coQefted at any turn? pike or turnpikes to be erefted and fet up upon the fak} load leading from Tubber near the bounds of the counties of Clare and Galway to the town of Ennis in the faid couth J ty of Clare, and from thence to the north liberties of the city of Limerick, (hall be applied for and towards the repair of the faid road only, and not elfewhere.

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore-	j

paff^Ttp mde	any	perfon or perfon? whatfoever owning,

tpjjj	renting,	or	occupying	any	land	near unto any turnpike to

be erefted in purfuancc of this aft, fhall, for gain, reward, or otherwife wittingly or willingly permit any perfon of

*	perfons wfiatfoever to pafs through any gate, paffage, of

•	way, with any coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chaile, of chair, waggon, wajn, cart, car, or other carriage, or riding or driving any horfe, afs, or mule, or any other fort of cattle, to avoid the payment of the toll hereby appointed to be paid, apd being thereof convicted upon the oath of one or more witpefs or witpefles before the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, or before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace qf the county, wherein fuch offence or offences (hall be comipitted, who are hereby empowered and required to admipifter fuch oath; every perfon fo offending (hall forfeit and pay to the truftees, authored tq

penalty fa. ’ put this aft in execution, the fum of fix (hillings; to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offenders goods by wan

mi

Side gac

The thirteenth andfourteenth Tears of George III. rant under the hand and feal, or the hands and feals, of the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, or fuch juftice or juilices, rendering the overplus to the owner (if any be) the charges of taking and difpofing of the faid goods being firft deducted.

IV.	And t>e it further enabled by the authority aforc-foid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid truf- cr*^^* tees, or any five or more of them, to ered one or more gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes, on the fide of the faid highways or roads acrofs any lane or way leading out of the laid road, and to build one or more toll houfe or toll-houfes, and there to take and receive fuch toll, as is appointed by this ad

to be taken, fo as the fame do not extend to a double charge in cafe of palling through any other of the turnpikes to be ereded by virtue of this aft between Tubber aforefaid and the faid town of Ennis, and from thence to the north liberties of the city of Limerick aforefaid.

V.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Colledors and That the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, at their fnnreyors ip-firft meeting, or any fucceeding meeting, by writing under P°intcd ac their hands and feals (hall and may eled, nominate, and ap- moved* point one or more fit perfon or perfons to be receiver or receivers, colledor or colledors of fuch money in the name

of fuch toll or duty, as (hall be due and payable by virtue of this ad ; and alfo one or more fit perfon or perfons to be furveyor or furveyors to fee the condition of the faid high way or road, and to fee that the fame be repaired and amended, and that the money arifing and expended by virtue of this ad be duly applied ; and from time to time to remove fuch colledors, receivers, and furveyors, or any or either of them, as they (hall fee occafion, and appoint new ones in cafe of death, or of fuch removal; and fuch perfon or perfons, as is or are by this ad liable to pay the toll Or duty, is and are hereby required to pay the fame after the rates afore-laid to the faid receiver or receivers, colledor or colledors, of the faid toll and duty in that behalf from time to time appointed as aforefaid ; and the perfon or perfons fo appointed as aforefaid for receiving the faid toll or duty, and fuch furveyor or furveyors as aforefaid, (hall upon oath if thereunto required by the (aid truftees, or nnjr five or more of them, or before one or more juilice or juilices of the peace refiding near the laid high way or road aforefaid (which oath the (Said accotintaVk tniftees, or any five or more of them, or fuch juftice or	**

juftices, is and are hereby impowered and required to adminif-ter) on the firft Tuefday in every month, or oftener, if required, during the continuance of this ad, give in a true, exad, and perfed account in writing under their refpedive

hands,

X

Digitized by

Google

no A. U. 1773-4-Chap. 33.

iflcwanee to *olle&ox% furveyor*, and other*, a* herein, on default, imprifoned till payment.

The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George III. hinds of all monies, which he and they, and every or any of them, (hall to fuch time have received, paid, and difburfed by virtue of this ad by reafon of their rtfpefti\*e offices, for which oath no fee or reward ffiali be taken ; and in cafe any money fo received (hall remain in their or any of their hands, the fame (hall be paid to the faid truftces, or any five or more of them, who (hall by any wanting or writings under their hands and feals authorize and impower to receive the fame, and (hall be difburfed and laid out in amending the faid high way or road according to the true intent and meaning of this ad, and not otherwise ; and the faid truflces, or any five or more of them, to whom fuch account (hall be given, (hall and may, out of the money arifing by fuch toll or duty make fuch allowance to the faid receiver or receivers, collector or colleftors, and the faid furveyor or furvevors, for and in confidcration of his and their care and pains rtfpeftively taken in the execution of his and their office and offices, and to fuch other perfon or perfons who have been or ffiali be affifting in and about procuring the faid high ways and roads to be amended and repaired by advancing or laying out any moneys, or otherwife relating thereto, as to them (hall feem good; fo as fuch allowance or allowances to fuch colleftor or colleftors do not annually exceed in the whole the fum of thirty pounds; and to fuch furveyor or furveyors the fum of two (hillings and fix pence per diem> during fuch time or times as he or they (hall refpeftively be employed in the tepair of the faid roads; and fo as fuch allowance or allowances to any other perfon or perfons, who (hall be employed by virtue of this aft, do not exceed the fum of fifteen pounds yearly to each perfon ; and in cafe the faid receiver or receivers, col-leftor or colleftors, of the aforefaid toll and duty, or any of them, (hall not make fuch account and payment unto fuch perfon and perfons according to the orders and direfti-ons of the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, as aforefaid, that then the faid juftices of the peace at any fp<s cial feffions or meeting of them, to be holden for the county in which the faid receiver or receivers, collcftor or coileftors, have afted or been employed, and made fuch default as afore-faid, (hall and are hereby required and empowered to make enquiry, and finally to determine of and concerning fuch default, as w ell by conftffion of tbe faid parties themfelvcs, as by the teftimony of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles upon oath, which oath they are hereby required and im-powered to adminifter without fee or reward ; and if any perfon or perfons (hall he convifted thereof by fuch juf* tices, the faid juftices fhall upon fuch conviftion commit the party or parties to the common gaol of the (aid coun-ty, where fuch offence (hall be committed, there to re-

mail*

77* thirteenth andfourteenth Years of George III.	I2j

main without bail or mainprize until he or they (hall have	A. D.

made a true and perfe& account and payment as afore-	1773-4*

faid.	Chap. 33,

VI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, v——

That it {hall and may be lawful to and for the faid furveyor Surveyors or furveyors, and fuch perfon or perfons as he or they (hall ^^aiic ma" appoint, to dig, raife, gather, take, and carry away any gravel, furze, fand, flones, or any other materials, out of any

wafte or common of any parifh, town, village, or hamlet, in or near which any founderous or ruinous places of the faid highways or roads do lie, and for want of fufficient gravel, furze, fand. Hones, or other materials there, to dig, gather, raife, take, and carry away out of the wafte or common of any neighbouring town, village, or hamlet, without paying any thing for the lame; and where there is not fufficient of fuch materials in any commons or wafte grounds near adjoining, it (hall and maybe lawful for them by order of the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, to dig, raife, and gather the fame in the feveral grounds of any perfon or perfons, not being a garden, orchard, yard, or meadow, planted walk or walks, or avenue to a houfe, where any fuch materials are or may be found, and from time to time to carry away fuch and fo much thereof, as the faid furveyor or furveyors Ihall adjudge neccflary for the repairing and amending the faid highways or roads, paying fuch rate for fuch materials, and for the damage to the owner or occupier of the ground, from whence the fame (hall be digged, raifed, gathered, and carried away, as the truftees appointed, or to be appointed to put this a& in execution, or any five or more of them,

(hall adjudge reafonable ; and in cafe of any difference between fuch owner or occupier and the faid truftees, touching the value of the materials, and the damage aforefaid, the judges of affize, or the juftices of the peace at the next general affixes and general gaol delivery or quarter feftions to be hoi-djm in the county, where fuch materials fhall be digged, raifed, or gathered, and from whence the fame (hall be carried away, may and fhall adjudge, afTefs, and finally determine the fame.

VII.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore- an„

faid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid fur- penalty 10s! veyor or furveyors, and fuch perfon or perfons as he or they (hall appoint from time to time, to remove and prevent annoyances on any part of the faid highways or roads, hereby intended to be repaired, by filth, dung, afhes, rubbifh, wa-tercourfes, finks, or drains, running into the highways or roads, and to cleanfe any ditch or watercourfes adjoining to the faitf road, or to cut down, lop, or top any trees or bufhes

growing

Digitized by

Google

1X2

A. D.

1773-4-Chap. 33.

Surveyors to make drains, widen the road. Sec,

The thirteenth and fourteenth Teart of George TIL growing in the faid highways, or in the hedges or banks adjacent to the faid highways, and to take ana carry away the fame (the owners or occupiers negle&ing to cut down fuch trees or bufhes, or to remove fuch other annoyances for the fpace of eight days after notice in writing given for that purpofe under the hands of five of the faid truftees) the charges whereof fhall be reimburfed the faid furveyor or furveyors by fuch owners or occupiers neglecting to cut down the faid trees or bufhes, or remove luch other annoyances as aforefaid ; and, if after the removal of any fuch annoyances, any perfon or perfons fhall again offend in the like kind, every fuch perfon or perfons fo offending and being thereof convi&ed upon oath before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace of the faid county, where fuch offence fhall be committed, for every fuch offence fhall forfeit and pay unto the faid truffees, where fuch offence fhall be commited, the fum of ten (hillings, to be levied in manner aforefaid,

VIII.	And be it further enaCted bj the authority afore-faid, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid furveyor or furveyors by order of the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, to make or caufe to be made, caufe-ways, and to cut and make drains through any grounds lying contiguous to the faid roads, and to ereft arches of brick, timber, or ftone thereupon, and alfo to widen any of the narrow parts of the faid highways or roads by opening, clearing, and laying into the faid highways or roads any grounds of any perfon or perfons lying contiguous to fuch highways or roads, not being a houfe, garden, orchard planted walk, or avenue to a houfe; and alfo to caufe, ditches or trenches to be made in fuch places and in fuch manner, as fuch furveyor or furveyors by order of the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, fhall adjudge necef-fary for the better amending and keeping the faid highways and roads in good repair, making fuch reafonable fatisfac-tion to the owner or occupier of fuch ground, which fhall be fo laid in or unto the faid highways or roads, or through which any fuch drain or drains fhall j>e cut, or on which any fuch arch or arches (hall be made, or through which any fuch (hortened road (hall be earned, for the damages which he or they fhall or may thereby fuftain, as fhall be aflefied and judged by the next going judge or judges of affize, or by the juftices of the peace, or by the major part of them, at the next general affizes or quarter feflions to be holden for the county, in which fuch ground fhall be laid into the faid highways or roads, or through which any fuch drains, ditch or ditches, fhall be cut or made, or on which fuch arch or arches fhall be ere&ed or made, or fuch caufcways made, in

'The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of Gcofge III	1*5

#a(f of any difference concerning the fame ; and if any A. D. .owner or occupier of any watercourfes, ditch or ditches, 1773-4. adjoining to the {aid highways or roads, (hall negleft or Chap. 33. retufe to fcour or deanfe fuch watercourfes, and to make fuch ditches fo deep, and in fuch manner, as the furveyor ,or fujrveyors (hall adjudge proper and convenient, after eight days notice (hall be given tor that purpofc by fuch, as (hall be appointed by him or them, to fuch owner or owners, it /hall and may be lawful to and for the furveyor or furveyor*

Jto fet any man or men to work to fqour or cleanfe and jnake the fame, and by warrant from any five or more of the faid truftees to levy the charges thereof upon the perfons, goods, and eftates of the owner or owners, occupier or occupiers of fuch watercourfes, ditch or ditches, by dif* trefs and fale of his, her, and their goods and chatties, rendering the overplus (if any be) to the {aid owner or occupier after all charges paid,

IX.	Provided always, That in cafe there (hall be more than ope gate or turnpike in, acrofs, or on the fide of the /aid highway or roads between the faid town of Ennis and pity of Limerick, no perfon or perfons having paid the faid toll or duty at the firft gate or turnpike, through which fuch perfon or perfons (hall pafs, and produce a note or ticket that the laid toll or duty wa* paid (which note or ticket the faid receiver or receivers, colle&or or collectors,» is and are hereby required to give gratis) (hall be liable to pay any toll or duty at any other of the faid gates or turnpikes upon or on the (ide of the (aid highway or road, fuch perfon or perfons delivering fuch note or ticket to the faid receiver or receivers, collector or collectors, of the faid toll or duty at the latter gate or turnpike the fame day | pnd no perfon or perfons having occafion to pafs the place

pr places, where the toll or duty is taken, and who (hall re- Toll oace * turn the lame day, or with the fame horfe, mare, gelding, day. pfs, or mule, cattle, coach, chariot, berlin, chaife, chair, ca-la(h, waggon, cart, car, or other carriage, (hall be liable or compellable the fame day to pay the (aid toll or duty more than once on the faid road.

X.	And to prevent frauds and abufes in the {aid toll or Difpofing duty, be it further enaCted by the authority afore&id, Thattickct t0 c.va<ie \f any perfon or perfons having paid the toll or duty by this penalty aft granted or made payable, and having fucb note or ticket,

notes or tickets, as hereby directed, (hall give or difpofe of the fame to any perfon or perfons in order to avoid the payment of the faid toll or duty, every fuch perfon giving, dif. pofing, or offering, and the perfon receiving, fuch note or ticket, notes or tickets, and being thereof convi&ed upon the oath of one or more witnefs or witnefles before the faid

truftees,

Digitized by LjOOQ ie

124

A. D.

* 773-4-

Chap. 33.

Ele&ion day* toll free.

The thirteenth andfourteenth Tears of George III. truflees, or any five or more of them, or before one or more juftice or jultices of the county, wherein fuch offence or offences (hall be committed (which oath the faid truftees and the faid juftice or juftices are hereby impowered to adminif-ter) (hall refpeft ively forfeit and pay the fum of ten {hillings, to be levied, recovered, and difpofed of as any other penalty or forfeiture is directed to be levied, recovered, and difpofed of by this aft.

XI. Provided, and it is hereby declared. That during the continuance of this aft all coaches and paflengers on horfeback fhall pafs and repafs toll free on the day or days. On which there (hall be an eleftion for knight or knights of the (hire to ferve in Parliament for the faid county of Clare, or citizens for the faid city of Limerick, or for any burgefs to ferve in Parliament for any borough of the faid county 5 any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-flanding.

$ truftees	XII.	And	be	»t	further enafted by the authority afore-

*uy compound. That the faid trullces, or any five or more of them, may and are hereby impowered from time to time, as they fhall fee convenient or think fit, to compound or agree by the year or otherwife with any perfon or perfons ufing to travel through any turnpike or turnpikes, to be erefted in puifuance of this aft, with any milch cows, horfe, mare, or gelding, afs or mule, with any coach, berlin, calalh, chariot, chaife, chair, waggon, cart, car, or other carriage, for any fum or fums of money to be paid quar-'	terly,	from	time	to	lime,	after	fuch agreement fhall be

made.

Petfonsex- XIII. Provided alfo, and it is hereby declared, That no 4ropted.	perfon	fhall	be	charged	with	any	of the faid tolls or duties

aforefaid for palling through any of the turnpikes to be erefted purfuant to this aft, who (hall carry any quantity of flones, gravel, or other materials for repairing of the faid roads, or any of the roads in faid parilhts in which the fame do lie, or any of the neighbouring parilhes ; nor fhall any perfon or perfons be chargeable with the faid toll or duty For any carts, cars, or waggons, loaded with com in the flraw only, nor for any ploughs, harrows, or other implements of hulbandry, in order to the ufing or repairing of the fame in the feveral parilhes, in which the faid highways nr roads hereby intended to be repaired do lie ; nor fhall any toll or duty be demanded or taken at any of the turnpikes to be erefted for any horfe, marc, gelding, afs, or mule, or other cattle going to water, or for any poll horfe carrying the mail or packet, or for fuch horfe as is or fhall be ufed only to ride on by the owner or driver of any waggon, cart, or carriage, provided fuch horfe pafs through the laid turn-

pijte

The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George IT I.	125

pike or turnpikes with fuch waggon, cart, or carriage; nor A. D. (hall any toll or duty be demanded or taken for the horfes 1773-4. of foldiers palling, that are upon their march, or for waggons. Chap. 33. carts, cars, or other carriages travelling with vagrants fent by pafles, or with prifoners, tranfmitted from one part of the kingdom to another.

XIV.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore- Continued to faid. That the toll or duty hereby granted fhall take ift Jane neat, place and have continuance only from and after the firft

day of June next for and during the term of forty one years.

XV.	Provided neverthelcfs. That if at any time before Unleft adj«~ the expiration of the faid forty one years all parts of the faid dication of rbad fhall be fufficiently amended and repaired, and (hall be1,111 ccs*

fo adjudged by the authority of the faid truftees, appointed or hereafter to be chofen by virtue of this aft, by an adjudication under their hauds and feals, that then from and af-, ter fuch adjudication made the faid tolls and duties fhall ceafe and determine, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Meeting of That the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, fhall ^ eci* meet at Ennis on the laft Monday in May next, and the

faid truftees fhall then adjourn themfclvefc, and afterwards meet there, or at any other place or places near the faid highways or roads to be repaired, as the faid trullees, or any five or more of them fhall think proper or convenient, as often as it fhall be neceflary, for the putting this aft in execution. And if it fhall happen there fhall not appear at any meeting, which fhall be appointed to be had or held by the faid truftees, a fufficient number of truftees to aft at fuch meeting, and to adjourn to any other day, then and in fuch cafe the clerk to the faid truftees fhall by notice in writing to be affixed at the refpeftive gates or turnpikes at leaf! ten days before the faid meeting, appoint the faid truftees to meet at the houfe* where the meeting of faid truftees was laft appointed to be had or held, or at fome other convenient houfe near the faid roads, on the day fortnight next after the day upon which faid laft meeting of the faid truftees was appointed to be had or held; and the faid truftees at their firfl meeting and at all their fubfequent meetings fhall defray their own charges and expences.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it further cnafted by Tr^flee not the authority aforefaid, That no perfon or perfons, ap- t0 acccpt pi^e pointed or to be appointed by this aft a truftee or truf- of profit, tees for putting this aft in execution, fhall have or accept of any profit arifing out of or by reafon of the faid

toll or duty by this aft laid or granted, bpt fuch perfon

Digitized by v^.ooQle

A. D.

A&iont laid in Clare or Limerick.

defendant* may plead general iffuc, fee.

A publick a dt.

The thirteenth andfourteenth Tears of George III, fon or perfons (hall be incapable after fuch time of accepting and continuing to enjoy luch place of profit of a&ing as a truftee.

XVIII.	And be it further ertaded by the authority aforefaid. That if any fuit (hall be commenced againft any perfon or perfons for any thing done in pttrfuance of this a£l, in every fuch cafe the aft ion (hall be laid in the faid county of Clare or city of Limerick, and not el ft where j and the defendant or defendants in fuch a&ion or attions to be brought may j^lead the general i/Tue* and give this ad and the fpetial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuanc* and by the authority of this ad; and if it (haO appear fo to b« done, or fuen a&ion or a&ioas (hall be brought in any other county, that then the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants; and upon fuch verdict, or if the plaintiff /halite nonfuited, or dilcontinue his action after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared, or if any demurrer or judgment (hall be given againft the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants (hall and may recover treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cafes by law.

XIX.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That this a& (hall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick a&, and be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juftices, and other perfons whatfoever, without fpeciaUy pleading the fame.

CHAP. XXXIV.

An AS for making and amending Publick Roods in the Court-ty of Dublin, and for regulating the offcjfng, applottmg, and levying of Money in the County of the City of Dublin.

II.^^ND whereas the faid county of Dublin is divided

Co Dublin

diffmntWo. -rt into the baronies of Balrothery; Coolock, Caftle-iik», each biro- nock, Nethercrofs, half barony of Rathdowne, Ncwcaftte, nv containing and barony of Uppercrofs; and it is expedient to feparate from the laid barony of Uppercrofs that part of the liberty of St. Sepulchre’3 to the north of the circular road, includ-ing the precin&s of the cathedral church of St. Patrick’s, and the liberty of Donore, and to conftitute and fotm them into two diftinft baronies: be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That all that part of the liberty of St. Sepulchre's, within faid barony of Uppercrofs, which lies to the north of the circular road, including the precindb of the

cathedral

the number of acre* herein mentioned.

Prefemment

Tie thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George III.

Cathedral church of St. Patrick’s, (hall be feparate from the faid barony, and be to all intents and purpofes a diftinft barony, and be called and known by the name of the barony of St. Sepulchre’s; and be rated by the treafurer as containing one thoufand five hundred and feventy two acres, in the apportioning of all money prefented to be railed on the county at large. And that fuch parts of the laid barony of Uppercrois, as are known by the name of the liberty of Donore, (hall be feparated from faid barony, and be to all intents and purpofes a diftinft and feparate barony, and be called and known by the name of the barony of Donore, and be rated by the treafurer as containing two thoufand eight hundred and ninety acres, in the apportioning of all money prefented to be raifed on the county at large. And that the remaining part of faid barony (hall be a diftind and feparate barony in itfelf, and be called and known by the name of the barony of Uppercrofs, and be rated by the treafurer as containing nineteen thoufand and forty two acres, in the apportioning of all money prefented to be raifed on the county at large. And that the half barony of Rathdowne (hall be called and known by the name of the barony of Rathdowne.

XXIV.	And whereas many preferments made by the grand juries of faid county remain unpaid, from the money within 4 years raifed from the fame having been fecreted and carried away arrca” by by Charles Alder, the late treafurer of faid county 2 be it Jjjththc fum» further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall be recovered front lawful for the grand jury of faid county at the next Eafter him or his or Michaelmas term, or any future Eafter or Michaelmas furctic*» &c* term, within the fpace of four years after the (lift day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy four, to raife by presentment fuch fums of money off the feveral baronies refpe&ively, and off the county at large, as ftiall appear to them to have been expended by the overfeers appointed heretofore by prefentment for that purpofe, or due by preferment, who by reafon of the failure of faid treafurer have never been paid the money prefented to them for the ufes aforefaid ; provided that no more than one half of each fum remaining unpaid by faid Charles Alder fhall be prefented at any* one prefenting term within faid four years. And that it (liall be lawful for the grand jury of faid county at Eafter or Michaelmas term in any year to prefent fuch fum or fums of money, as (hall hereafter be recovered from the faid Charles Alder, his executors or adminiftrators, or from his fureties, their executors or adminiftrators, to be expended in forae work or works in the barony upon which the former fum was prefented to be raifed, or in the county, if

it

6

Digitizectby CjOO^Ic

After all juft allowances.

The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George III. it was to be railed on the county at large, to fuch ufes at county presentments are granted.

XXV.	Provided always, that no fuch preferment {hall be made or allowed, unlefii the fum fo presented (hall appear to the faid grand jury and the court to have been due over and above all payments made by the faid treafurer, and over and above all juft allowances whatsoever.

CHAP. XXXV.

jin a3 to enable his Majefiy's SubjeSs of whatever Perfuafion to teflify (heir Allegiance to him.

17,18 G. 3. TT7HEREAS many of his Majefty’s fubje&s in this c 49-	VV kingdom are defirous to teftify their loyalty and al-

-4* 22 G 3 C lcg*ancc to his Majefty, and their abhorrence of certain

31	G. 3. c. ai. doctrines imputed to them, and to remove jealoufies which

1 1	thereby have for a length of time fubfifled between them

32	G. 3. c 21. an(j others his Majefty’s loyal fubje&s, but upon account

of their religious tenets are by the laws now in being prevented from giving publick aflurances of fuch allegiance, and of their real principles and good will and aftettion towards their fellow fnbje&s : in order therefore to give fuch perfons an opportunity of teftifying their allegiance to his Majefty, and good will towards the prefent conftitution of this kingdom, and to promote peace and induftry amongft. the inhabitants thereof, be it ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent Majefty by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, Papifts may That from and after the firft day of June, one thoufand before B. R.	feven hundred and feventy four, it (hall and may be

a juftice	lawful for any perfon, profefling the popifh religion, to go

tak^aud ihb- bcf°rc judges of his Majefty’s court of king’s bench, fcril»e oath of or any juftice of the peace for the county in which he aliegianct^and] does or fhall refide, or before any magistrate of any city or town corPoratc wherein he does or fhall refide, and there take and fubferibe the odth of allegiance and declaration herein after mentioned; which oath and declaration fuch judges of the king’s bench, juftices of the peace, and magiftrates are hereby enabled and required to admi-nifter:

/ A. B. do take Almighty God and his otifa Son Jefns Cbrijl my Redeemer to nuitnefs9 That I will be Jaitnful and beur true allegiance to our moji gracious fmcreign lord King George the

thrdp

The thirteenth andfourteenth Years of George III.	129

third, and him will defend to the utmqft of my power againfl	A. D.

oil conjpiracies and attempts whatever, that jball be made	J 773-4-.

againfl bis perfon, crown, and dignity, and I will do my ut- Chap. 35.

*wy/ endeavour to difckfe and make known to bis Majefly, bis burs, all treafons and traiterous conspiracies, wbico may be Jormed againfl him or them ; and 1 do faithfully protnife to maintain, fupport and defend, to the utmofl of my power the fucctjflon of the crown in his Majeftf s family againfl any per-fin or perfens what fever ; hereby utterly renouncing and abjuring any obedience or allegiance unto the perfon taking upon bimjeif the ftile and title of prince of Wales in the lifetime of his father, and who fence his death is faid to have afl'umed the ftile aid title of king of Great Britain and Ireland by the name of Charles the third, and to any other perfon claiming or pre-tending a right 'to the crown of thefe realms ; and 1 do Jwear, that 1 do reject and deteft as unchriftian and impious to believe, that it is lawful to murder or deftroy any perfon or perfons what • fitver for or under pretence of their being bereticks; and alfo that unchriftian and impious principle, that no faith is to be kept with hereticks ; I further declare, that it is no article of my faith, and that 1 do renounce, rejefl, and abjure the opinion, that princes excommunicated by the pope and council, or by any authority of the fee of Rome, or by any authority whatfo-ever, may be depofed o* murdered by their fubjefis, or by any perfin wbatfiever; and I do promife, that 1 will not bold, maintain, or abet, any fuch opinion, or ary other opinion, contrary to what is exprejjed in this declaration; and I do declare, that I do not believe, that the pope of Rome, or any other foreign prince, prelate, ftate, or potentate hath or ought to have any temporal or civil jurifdidion, power, fuperiority, or frt-em nence, direBly, or indireftly, within this realm ; and I do fhmnly in the prefence of God, and of bis only Son 'Jefus Chrifl, my redeemer, prefefi, tflifey, and declare, that 1 do nuke this declaration, and every part .thereof , in the plain and ordinary fenfe of the words of this oath, without any evaflon, equivocation, or mental refervation whatever, and without any difpenfation already granted by the pope, or any authority cf the fee of Rome, or any perfon wh atever; and without thinking that 1 am or can be acquitted before God or man, or ahfidved of this declaration, or any part thereof, although the pope, or any other perfon or perfons, or authority whatfoever jball difpenfe with or annul the fame, or declare that it was sail and voidfrom the beginning.

So help me God.

II.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That of the officer of the court of King’s bench, juftices of the returned to peace, and magiftrates of the city and towns corporate fhall clerk of council yearly within twenty one days after the fixft day of Decern-

Vo*. yi.	I	ber,

Digitized by

Google

The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears 0/* George III. bcr, return to the clerk of the privy council of this kingdom, or his deputy, a true and perfecl lift under his or their hand of every fuch papift, as fhall in the courfe of the preceding year have taken and fublcribed fuch oath ; in which lift the quality, condition, title, and place of abode of fuch papift fhall be fpecilied.

CHAP. XXXVI.

An A?l for emend in* and continuing an yin pajfed in the ninth 7tar of his late Majcjly King George the fecondy entitled, An yl8 for repairing the Road leading from the Town of ylrtnagh in the County of Armagh to the Town of Newry in the County of Down.

WHEREAS an aft was pafTed in the ninth year cf the r:ign of his late Majefty King George the fecund, entitled, sin act for repairing the road leading from the to van of Armagh in the county of Armagh to the town of Rc-ury in the county of Down ; and whereas, the term of forty one years, for which the faid aft was to continue, is near expiring, and it is reafonable, that the faid term fhould he renewed, for the better fecuring the debts which are owing to the creditors of the faid road ; and whereas part of * the faid road, lying between the town of Market-hill and the town of Ncwry, runs over fteep hills, which are very inconvenient to and dangerous for travellers and carriages, and a more level and fafer line of road may be made on the north tall fide of the old road from the town of Market-hill, fo as to fall in with the old turnpike road near the chuch of Mulliglr.fs on the north weft thereof; and whereas the tolls, referved by the faid recited aft, are inefficient for the payment, and the intertll of the debts contiafted for making of the faid old turnpike road, and for keeping of the fame in proper repair : therefore be it enafted by the King’s moil excellent Majefty by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament afTembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the perfons hereafter named fhall be and are hereby nominated and appointed truftees from time to time, together with the truftees named in or by virtue of the faid former aft, to carry this aft into execution, that is to fay, Richard lord primate of all Ireland, the reverend Hugh Hamilton dean of Armagh, the reverend Richard Marlay reftor of Logilly, the reverend Arthur Jocob prebendary of Kilkby, and their fuccefTors refpeftively, Thomas Me. Cart of Armagh, Maxwell Clofe of	and	Richard

Olpherd of Armagh, all of the county of Armagh efquires, , and that it fhall' and may be lawful to and for the laid truf-6	tecs

Digitized by *

*The thirteenth andfourteenth Years of George III,	131

tees of the faid turnpike road, or any nine or more of them, A, D. in cafe they fhall be enabled thereto by the tolls of the faid 1773-4 road, and that the fame fhall appear to them to be an im- Chap. 3 6. provement to the faid road, and an advantage to the publick and to travellers, to lay out a new line of road from the 9 truftees

town of Market-hill north eaft of the old turnpike road, jf enabled

1	t	r	r	r tt *	,r . ,	by tolls, and an

and to	carry' on the lame,	lo as	it may tall into	the old	turn- improvement

pike road near the church of Mulliglafs on the north well and publick ad-

thereof, in fuch manner as they may judge will beft anfwer v^ntajtc, layout

the fafetv of carriages and travellers, and to lay out the 3 ncw ^ne’

fame thirty feet wide in the clear, and to afeertain the

grounds through which the fame fhall pafs, with fuch re-

' llri&ions and exceptions as fhall prevent fuch new road from

doing a real injury to any perfon, and with fuch* provifoes

and claufes for fecuring to the owners of any grounds,

through which fuch new road fhall be carried, a fatisfa&ion

and recompence proportioned to any lofs they may fuftatn

thereby.

II.	And be it enacled by the authority aforefaid, That Stop old road

the faid truftees, or any nine or more of them, where they	ncW

(hall find any part of the faid old turnpike road by mean* of

faid intended new road become ufelefs and * neceflary, may order fuch part of faid old road to be flopped up, as foon as fuch new road fhall be finifhed, and opened for the ufe of the publick; and where the inheritance of the ground of fuch part of faid old road to be flopped up, and of the new road to be opened, belong to the fame perfon, to give Up fuch part of faid old road in lieu and exchange of the new part, with fuch other fatisfaflion as may be thought rea- . fonable by the faid truftees, or by any nine or more of them. j

III.	And whereas the tolls appointed by the faid a£l of Toll to be the ninth of his late Majcfty King George the fecond are taken. infufficient for keeping the faid road in proper repair, and.

to difeharge the fums of money raifed for the making the faid road, and to pay the intereft of the fame : be it enacled by the authority aforefaid, That the faid truftees fhall receive and take for every coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chaife, or chair drawn by fix horfes, geldings, or mares, the fum of one (hilling, over and above the fum of one (hilling and fix pence appointed by the faid adl to be re*

' ceived and taken ; for every coach, berlin, chariot, calafh,.

chaife or chair drawn by any lefTer number of horfes, geld-* ings, or mares than fix, or more than two, fix pence over and above one Hulling to be paid by the faid a& ; and for every coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chaife, or chair • drawn by two horfes, geldings, or mares, fix pence over and above fix pence to be paid by the faid adl ; for every cart or other carriage drawn with two horfes, geldings or I 2	uiares,

Digitized by

132	.	The	thirteenth	and fourteenth Tears ©/“George III.

A. D. marcs, the fum of four pence over and above four pence to 1773-4. .be paid by the laid adi; for every carriage commonly called a chair, or chaife with one horfe, mafe, or gelding the fum of three pence over and above three pence to be paid by the faid ad ; for every car or other carriage drawn but hy one horle, mare, or gelding, the fum of one halfpenny over and above one penny halfpenny to be paid by the faid ad ; provided that every waggon, wain, cart, or carriage with four wheels, the fellows of which (hod with iron and flat headed nails (hall be nine inches broad, inilead of paying ten (hillings diddled by the faid adi to be paid, (hall pay only the fum of fix pence for the fame; and every wain,

• cart, or carriage with two wheels, the fellows of which, (hod with iron and flat headed nails, (hall be nine inches broad, drawn by more than two horfes, mares, geldings, or oxen, inflead of paying two (hillings and fix pence, directed by the faid adi to be paid, (hall pay only three pence.

$ G. 4. c. 19. IV. And whereas it is enadted by the faid in part recited f. 19. repealed, adl, that all coaches ?md paflengers on horfe back, (hall pafs and repafs toll free on the day or days on which there (hall be an ekdtion for knight or knights of the (hire to ferve .. in Parliament for the faid county of Armagh, or for any -burgefa to ferve in Parliament for any borough in the (aid county : be it enadled by the authority aforelaid, That the faid recited claufe may be, and the fame is hereby repealed ■	and made void.

9G 1 c/19. V. And be it enadled by the authority aforefaid. That as alrercd, and the faid adl of the ninth of his late Majefty King George this conti- the fecond, with fuch variations as are or may be made

from cx ira'ion t^crc*n by Pre^ent a&» *°d alfo this prefent adl, (hall the«oi?>iraUOn be an^ continue in force for the term of forty one years from the expiration of the faid adi.

CHAP. XXXVII.

An A& for preventing Frauds in the Meafurement of Lime.

fctplained “Y7T7 HEREAS lime is now become of general life and amended V V throughout this kingdom in the manuring and im-by *6 G. 3.C. provement of lands, and it will be highly advantageous to 5 *	.	agriculture	to prvent frauds in the fale thereof: be it enadi-

ed by the King’s mod excellent Majefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the lime fold only authority of the fame, That from and after the firil day of by mealure, as May, one thoufand feven hundred and feveDty four, no lime herein. * whatioever (hall be fold otherwife than by meafure ; and that every velTcl, wherein it (hall be meafured (hall be Ramped

Digitized by

Google

The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George III.	Ijj

cd or fealed by fume magiftrate or other publick oflicer of	A. D.

fome corporate or market town in the county, where the	j 773-4.

laid lime {hall be meafured, or the next adjoining county ±*~*~yT****J thereto, with the Itamp or feal which hai uluslly been ufed fur the ilamping or fealing of mcafures, and Hull be of the fire and dimentions and contain the quantities following, that is to fay, every bufhel (hall be twenty inches diameter in the bottom, and twenty one inches in the top at lead, and contain eight gallons, each gallon containing two hundred and feverity two cubical inches, and the fourth part of an inch; and that every perfon, who dial! fell lime other-wife than by mcafure, or in any veffel which fhall not be (lamped, and w hich (hall not contain the quantity and be of the fize and dimenfions aforefaid, (lull forfeit for every offence the fum of five pounds ; to be recovered by any per- penalty 5L fon who (hall fue for the fame by civil bill, in the manner in which civil bills are allowed to be brought in this kinge dom ; and that in every fuch fuit, upon* proof being made by the perfon fuing of the fale of the lime, it (hall lie upon the perfon fued to prove, that the faid lime, fo fold, w>as meafured in a veffel (lamped, of the content*, lize, and di-menfionsby this a£l required, fairly and honeltly filled ; and upon failure of his or her proving the fame that the plaiutiff (hall be decreed to the penalty fued for,

IL Provided that no fuit (hall be commenced for or by Suit in 6 reafon of any penalty or forfeiture incurred by any offence mouth*, contrary to this a£l, unlefs the fame be commenced within the fpace of fix months, next after fuch offence (hall be committed ; and that if a decree (hall be given againft the plaintiff, the defendant fhall have double colls, to be recovered by civil bill.

CHAP. XXXIX,

jfu Ad for altering, amending, and making more effiduaf, the Laws for repairing the Road leading from the City of Dublin to the Town of Kinnegad in the County of Wejlmeath, and from thence to the Town of Mullingar in the faid County, and for other Purpofes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS by an atSl paffed in the fifth year of tht T

reign of his late Majefty King George the fecond, created! and entitled. An ad for repairing the road leading from the city o/* further powers Dublin to the town of Kinnegad in the county of Wejlmeath, ?LVe» by ** fevcral tolls and duties were granted and made payable for o 3 C 39’ repairing the faid road, which faid a£l was to commence 3 C* * from the twenty fifth day of March in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and thirty one, and from thence to continue in force during the term of twenty one years $

and

Google

The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George III. and whereas by another ad patted in the feventh year of his laid Majdly’s reign, entitled, yin art for mating more effertu* al the fiart puffed in the fifth year of his [aid Majefty, and for the other pnrpofes therein mentioned, certain tolls and duties, in lieu of the tolls and duties made payable by the faid former aft, were granted and made payable for repairing the faid road, and by which faid ad of the fifth year of his laid late Majefty, and all and every the powers, autho-ritico, articles, rules, penalties, and claufes therein contained, except what wcic altered by the faid ad of the feventh year of his late Majeity, were continued from and after the expiration of the faid term of twenty one years for and during the further term of twenty one years, and from thence to the end of the then next ft (lion of Parliament: and whereas the tru flees, appointed to put the faid ad into execution, have borrowed and contracted for the fmn of fif*

.......... teen thoufand pounds Jler/itig9 which they alledge to be due

and applied, &c. on the credit thereof, which is (till unpaid, and have ap-rplied the fame, together \n ith the tolls collected by virtue of the faid aft, in amending the faid road, and for the other pnrpofes by the faid ad required; which faid fum, fo al-ledged to be borrowed, is all due and unpaid to the creditors of the faid road, and the faid acts are now near expiring, and it is necefTary for the fecuring of the faid creditors, and alfo for the more effedual keeping the faid road in repair, that the faid ad, with the feveral alterations herein contained, {hall be further continued from the expiration of the faid further term of twenty one years: wherefore be it enaded by the King’s mod excellent Majefty by and • with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and tem-- pond and commons in this prefent Parliament afTembled, and by the authority of tlie fame, That the faid ads, made in the fifth and feventh years'of the reign of his faid late ' Majefty King George the fecund, and all and even' the powers, authorities, articles, rules, penalties, and claufei therein contained, except what arc lureby repealed, altered, or explained, fhall be of full force, commence and take t iled, and (hall continue and be executed from and after the laft day of this prefent fettion of Parliament, for and during the further term of twenty one years, and from thence to the end of the then next fettion of Parliament, for the intents and pnrpofes in the faid ads and herein after mentioned, as fully as if the fame powers and authorities, granted and given by the faid ads, were herein again repeated and re-enaded in the body of this prefent ad ; any thing in the faid former ads to the contrary thereof uotwithftanding.

Toll* received II. Provided always, and be it cnaded by the authority only as l>y 7 G. afore fail!, That the tolls and duties made payable by the 2' c 2,1	faid act of the feventh veur of the reign of his faid late Ma-

■>	o

. J

13+

A. D.

1773-4-Chap. 39.

i5cool. alledged to be borrowed on credit thereof

Digitized by Google

7 ruftcet

The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George III. jefly, in lieu of the tolls and duties made, payable by the laid a£f of the fifth year of the reign of his laid late Majef-ty, (hall be the only tolls and duties, which in virtue of the faid former ads, or either of them, fhall be taken or received during the continuance of the laid former acts, and of this ad.

III. And be it further enafled by the authority afore-faid, That the'knights of the Ihire for the counties of appointed, Dublin, Kildare, Meath, and Weft meat h, and the representatives, in Parliament for-the city of Dublin, as alio his grace the molt reverend the lord primate of all Ireland, his grace the molt reverend the lord archbiihop of Dublin, the right reverend the lord hilltop of Meath, and the right reverend the lord biihop of Kildare, all for the time being, his grace the molt noble William duke of Ix-inHer, the right honourable Thomas earl of Wellmcath, the right honourable George earl of Gianard, Brmfley earl of Lanefborough,

Robert earl of Belvedere, Garret earl of Momington, Edward earl of Kingfton, the right honourable George lord vifeount Belliield, the right honourable Edward Michael lord baron Longford, John lord baron Annaly, Simon lord baron Irnham, the honourable lord Charles Fitz-Gerald, the right honourable Edmond Sexton Perry, the right honourable Thomas Conolly, the right honourable Anthonjr Malone, the right honourable John Helv Hutchinfon, the right honourable Nathaniel Clements, fir Fitz-Gerald Aylmer, fir Mathew Aylmer, fir George Tuite, fir Kildare Dixon Burrows, fir Samuel Broadllreet, fir Pigot William Piers, fir Duke Gifford, fir Lucius O’Brien, lir Richard Levinge, fir Marcus Lowther Crofton, fir Richard St.

George, and fir James Nugent, baronets, lir Thomas Blackball, and fir Michael Cromie, knights, the honourable Mr. j nil ice Malone, the honourable Barry Barry, the honourable Richard Rochford Mervin, the honourable Robert Moore, the honourable Edward Nugent, the honourable Robert Paekenlram, and the honourable Robert Rochfort the reverend St. George A I he, the reverend Richard Cane, the reverend dean William Digby, the reverend dean Richard Handcock, the reverend dean Cutts Hannan, the reverend dean Daniel Letablere, the reverend doelnr Shem Thompfon, Ulick Wall Allen, Richard Allen, Michael Aylmer, Jofeph Afh, Michael Aylmer junior, and Thomas Atkinfon, efquires, lieutenant colonel William Burton, Mathew Bathurit, Robert Barry, Peter Brre, Robert Byrue,

Thomas Burgh, William Burgh, John Bourke, junior,fetid Walter Bermingham, efquires, colonel Hugh Cane, Thomas Croker, Robert Clements, Theophilus Clements, Maurice Copinger, John Carrol, Thomas Coghlan, Jehu Cramer,

Benjamin Chapman junior, William Chapman, Edward

Crofton,

The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George III.

Crofton, James Cane, and Lyons Cane, efquires, colonel Daniel Chenevix, George Clibborn, Michael Clarke, William Coane, Thomas Copperthwaite, James Coppcrihwaite, and Charles Croker efquires, Francis D'Arcy, Simon Dig-by, Nehemiah Nixon Donnellan, Thomas Dillon, Peter Delamer, Walter Dowdal, Dennis Daly of Calile Daly, Dennis Bowes Daly, Miles Dowdal, John Dalton, Chrillo-pher Dee, and Walter Evans, efquires, alderman Francis retherfton, alderman Richard French, Richard Frtnd, James Frafer, Samuel Foller, Richard Fitz-Gerald, Gcr-ra!d Fitz-Gerald, Oliver Fitzgerald, William Fitz-Gerald, Pierce Fitz-Gerald, Cuthbert Fetherfon of Mofltownj Thomas Fetherfon of Bracklin, Robert Forde, John Fuller, Abraham Fuller, and Jofeph Fuller, efquires, Henry Gore, James Glafcock, Arthur Grueber, Nicholas Gay, David Geoghegan, Heftor Graham, and John Gt>dley, efquires, George Hart, Jofiah Hort, Jofeph Henry, Guftavus Hume, Robert Hudfon, John Hartford, Charles Hampfon, efquires, William Handcock, Guftavus Handcock, John Hill, Francis • Hopkins, John Handcock, Walter HufTey, William Judge, Richard Jones, Michael Keating, Nicholas Kempiton, William Knox junior, and Samuel Kathrens, efquires, Gorge^

. Lowther, Edward Leftie, William Lyfter, Francis Lounds, Charles Levinge, and George Lowther, efquires, Aldermam Willoughby Lightburne, Guftavus Lambert, and Charles Lambert, efquires, Richard Malone, Edmond Malone junior, Henry Malone, Hugh Henry Mitchel, and Richard .Maloney efquires, colonel Thomas Marley, William Moore, Arthur Magan, George Paul Monk, Arthur M‘Guire, Richard Mercer, George Meares, James Moore, Dalton M‘Carthy, Thomas Mullock, Alexander Murray, and James Gill M‘Donnel, efquires, Ulyires North, Lcvallin Nugent, Peter Nugent, Walter Nugent, Charles North, Rowland Owen, John Nugent of Kiltomb, James O’Reily, Hugh O’Reily, Allen O’Reily, and Thomas O’Rcily* efquires, major general John Pomeroy, Henry Pomeroy, and Arthur Pomeroy, efquires, lieutenant colonel William Piers, Chriftopher Pallas, Abraham Pilkinton, William Brabazon Ponfonby, William Pollard, Hercules Langford Rowley, Stephen Radcliff, John Reynell, John Rochfort, George Rochfort, Richard Robinfon, and Robert Reynell, efquires, colonel Robert Sandford, Samuel Spencer, Ralph Smyth of Ralphfdale, Sydenham Singleton, Neal Segrave, John Segrave, James Shiel,, Edward Symes, and Joh* Smyth of Violetftown, efquires, WTilJiam Sherlock, efquire, lieutenant colonel Richard Sherlock, Robert Sib-thorp, and Charles Sterne, efquires, Robert Tighe, Daniel Tighe, Wentworth Thewles, Garret Tyrrel, John Tyrrel of Clonard, George Tyrrell, and Duke Tyrrell, efquires,

captain

The thirteenth andfourteenth Tears of George III. captain Garret Tyfrel, John Tyrrell of Clermont, Grorge Tyrrell of Grange, Agmondifham Vefey, Jofeph Verf-choyle, and Richard Underwood, IJans Wood, Samuel Winter, Adam Williams, Hugh Wilfon, Richard Wilfon,

John Warren, John Warburton, and Stephen Wybrants, cfquiies, and major Robert Waller, be truftees for putting the faid former afts and this prefent aft in execution, and all the powers and authorities therein and herein given and enacted to all intents and purpofes 5 and all other perTons heretofore named, appointed, or elefted truftees, in or by virtue of or under the faid former afts or either of them,

/hall henceforth ceafe to be truftees for putting the faid former adts or either of them in execution, of all or any of the powers or authorities therein or herein enafted ; and on the death or deaths of any of the faid truftees hereby appointed, or on refuial 7 may any of their refufal to aft, that then it (hall and may be cleft othex*. lawful to and for the reft of the faid truftees hereby appointed, or any feven or more of them, during the continuance of the faid former afts and of this aft, to cleft or appoint in the room of fuch perfon or perfons fo deceafed, or refufmg to aft fo many more fit and able perfons living in tlie county of Dublin, county of the city of Dublin, and counties of Kildare, Meath, and Weftmeath, to be joined with them ,in the execution of the faid former afts and of this aft 5 and all and every perfon and perfons, fo elefted and appointed, fliall and may and are hereby impowered to ait to all intents and pitrpofes, as the faic} truftees or any feven or more of them are by the faid former afts or by this prelent aft impowered to do, and fo from time to time as often as there fliall be occalion.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore- Surveyor* to faid. That it (hall and may be lawful for the furveyor or raiie material*, furveyors of the faid road, or fuch perfon or perfons as he or they (hall appoint, by order of the faid truftees or any five or more of them, where there is not fuflicient gravel, furze, fand, ftones, or orher materials, neceflary for the repairing faid road, to be had in any common or wafte ground adjoining thereto, to dig, raife, and gather the fame in the fevera! grounds of any perfon or perfons, not being the deer park of any perfon, or a field enclofed with a wall five feet high or more, built with lime and ftone or bricks, cr a garden planted with trees, or orchard of fix years growth of any perfon who inhabits an houfe built with lime and ftones or brick*, or the planted walk or walks or yard to any houfe built with lime and ftone or bricks, where any fuch materials are or may be found, and from time to time to carry away fuch and fo much thereof, as the faid furveyor or furveyors in their refpeftive places (hall adjudge ^icceffary for the repairing and amending the faid fyghwayi

V

Digitized by v^ooQle

13*

A. D*' 1773*4-Chap. 39-

7 at 1'oard may lay out foot-path from Dublin to I.cix lip.

i2oi. thereon.

The thirteenth andfourteenth Teart'of George III. or roads, paying fuch rate for fuch materials and for th* damages to the owner or occupier of the ground, whence the fame (hall be digged, railed, gathered, and carried away, as the faid truftees, appointed or to be appointed to put the faid former ads and this ad in execution, or any feven or more of them fhall at a general board adjudge reafonablc : and in cafe of any difference between fuch owner or occupiers and the faid trullees touching the value of the materials and damage aforefaid, the judges of affizes, or the juftices of the peace, at the next general affizes or quarter feffions, to be holden in the county where fuch materials lliall be digged, raifed, or gathered, and where the fame (hall be carried away, may and fhall adjudge, afllfs, and finally determine the fame, upon a petition by any of the faid parties to be by them preferred ; any law to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftauding : and in all cafes where damages have heretofore been or fhall hereafter be fo agreed upon or aflefled, and have been or fhall be fo paid by the faid truftees, it fhall and may be lawful for the furveyor or fur-vcyors of the faid road, or fuch perfon or perfons as he or they fhall appoint, by order of the faid truftees or any five or more of them, to dig, raife, gather and carry away gravel, and other neceflary materials for the repair» of laid road in fuch grounds, where gravel and other materials were before fo taken and paid for, at all times hereafter during the continuance of the eftate therein of fuch owner or owners, occupier or occupiers, fo paid or hereafter to be paid as aforefaid, or of any perfon or perfons claiming or deriving by, from, or under them, or any of them; and that not-withftanding any manner of inclofures of or buildings hereafter to be eredted in or upon fuch grounds, paying damages for the fame in manner aforefaid*

V.	And whereas from the vail concourfe of cattle, cars, and carriages, that daily pafs and repafs the faid turnpike road, particularly that part thereof between tjie city of Dublin and the town of Leixlip (the fame being a particular avenue leading to the faid city, ;) a foot-path is extremely neceflary for the convenience of paflengers on the faid part of the faid road: therefore be it enadled by the authority aforefaid. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid truftees, or any leven or more of them, at a general board, at any time or times hereafter, when to them it fhall feem fit and expedient, to make, lay out, and conltrudt, or caufe, or procure to be made, laid out, and conftru&ed, a foot-path for the faid purpofes from the city of Dublin to the town of Leixlip, or any part or parts thereof; provided that the fum to be expended in making and forming the faid foot-path, fhall not in the whole exceed the fum of one hundred and twenty pounds flerling, being as computed

at

Digitized by

Google

The thirteenth and fourteenth Years of George III. at the rate of one {hilling by the perch and no more; the fame to be paid and payable out of the money arifing by and from the fcveral tolls and duties herein before mentioned.

V I. And provided neverthelefs, That intereft due to the feveral and rcfpe&ive creditors of the faid road {hall be firft paid and difeharged ; and that there (hall alfo remain a fufficient fum, being part of the faid tolls and duties, in the hanefs of the faid tmflees, to amend and keep in intire and thorough repair the faid high road and every part thereof; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwit iiilanding.

VII.	And whereas by the faid adl of the fifth year of his late Majefly, it is provided and declared, That during the continuance of the faid act, all coaches, and paffengers on horfeback, (hall pals and repafs toll-free on the day or days, on which there /hall be an election for knight or knights of the (hire to ferve in Parliament for the faid counties of Dublin, Kildare, or Weftmeath, or for any burgefs to ferve in Parliament for any borough in the faid counties refpe&ively, any thing in the faid a6l to the contrary notwithllanding; by means of which faid provifoe or claufc great frauds have been committed in refpe6t to the tolls or duties by the faid former a£ts granted or made payable; for remedy whereof be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, that the faid provifoe or elaufe in the faid adt of the fifth year of the reign of his faid late Majefly be and hereby is henceforth repealed and made void to all intents and purpofes what-foever.

VIII.	And whereas by the faid adls of Parliament, as alfo by one other adl patted in the twenty third year of the reign of his faid late Majefly King George the fecond, entitled, An a El for the more effectual amending and keeping in repair the feveral turnpike roads in this kingdom, and for the letter fecuring the creditors of the faid roads, or by fome or one of them, the trullees of turnpike roads are diredlcd and enabled from time to time to nominate a cl^k or regifler, as alfo a treafnrer, and furveyor or furveyors of the faid road : be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the faid trullees of the faid Kinnegad turnpike road, or any feven or more of them, at a general board {hall and may, out of the money arifing from fuch tolls and duties, make fuch allowance to the clerk or regiller, treafurer and furveyor or furveyors,^of faid road for the time being, or appoint fuch falaries for them refpedlively, as to the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, {hall feem good ; fo as fuch allowance or falary for fuch clerk or regifter {hall not exceed the yearly fum of thirty pounds, and for fuch treafurer the yearly fum of fifty pound* fterling, and for

fuch

‘3*

A. D.

1773‘4-

Chap. 39.

Intereft to creditors firft paid, and luffi-cient for repair.

f. 12. of 5

G. 2. c. 16. repealed.

23 G. 2. c 16.

clerk’s falary 30I. a year,

treafurer 50I. furveyors 30L

Digitized by

Google

140

A. D.

• 1773'4-

Chap. 39.

jG a. c. 16.

•) G. 2. c. II. *3 G. 2. c. 16. and 6 G. 3. c. i.j. favc as hereby re| caled, alttrtd, or explained, continued dining this aft.

T restorer's fklaries in Wed-mcath and Kind’s County increafcd to 30I, a year.

Tolls within id miles, of Dublin Bril applied near the gates.

Apublick aft

The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George III, fueh furveyor or furveyors, the yearly fum of thirty pound* fieriing in the whole.

IX.	And be it Further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the faid feveral afts paded in the fifth, feventh, and twenty third years of the reign of his laid late Majefty King George the fecond, as alfo one other aft pafled in the fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majclly, entitled. An aEt

. for the more effectually amending the public* roads, and all and every the powers and authorities, articles, provifocs, rules, penalties, and clanfes therein contained, except what are hereby repealed, altered, or explained, {hall, together with all and figular the powers and authorities, articles, rules, and claufe$ herein contained, be of full force and effeft, and (hall continue, and be executed and obferved by the faid truflees and their fucceffors, for and during the continuance of this prefent aft.

X.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That - it (hall and may be lawful to and for the grand juries of the

county of Wellmeath and King’s County to encrcafc the falaries of the treafurers of the laid counties refpeftively to a fum, not exceeding thirty pounds a yean in the whole for each of faid treafurers.

XI.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the tolls, which fhall be paid at the feveral gates, that IhaH be erefted in purfuance of this aft within ten miles of ihe city of Publin, or the rents that fhall be referved under leafes to be made by the faid truftees of the faid gates or tolls within the aforefaid didance of the faid city, (hall be applied in the firil place to repair the parts of the roads next adjoining to the faid gates refpeftively, and fuch parts as fhall be ncarefl to the faid gates, before the remote parts of the fame fhall be repaired, and that the repairs dia?l l>e carried on from time to time as aforefaid, according to the didance of the parts to be repaired from the faid gates refpeftively.

XII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That thi$ prefent aft fhall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick aft, and fhall be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, judices, and all other periQiw whatfoever, without fpegially pleading the fame.

CHAP,

—

Google

The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George III.

CHAP. XL.

An Ad for fettling and preferring a Pultich Library in the

City of Armagh for ever, and for mulling the Archbtjhop of Armagh to appropriate Parts of a Piece of vuajle Ground cotiilgHOHs to the faid City to certain Ufa for the Benefit of the Inhabitants thereof, and to make long Leafes of the Remainder,

YU’HEREAS the mod reverend father in God Richard lord aichbif.iop of Armagh, primate and metropolitan of all Ireland, out of his generous inclinations to the publick good of this kingdom, for the propagation of the Chrifliat; religion as> by lavv eilablifhed, and for the encouragement of learning, bath at his own cofls and charges erected and built a houle upon a fpot of ground, part of the clhtc of the fee of Armagh in the city of Armagh, and hath fitted and prepared the principal part of the faid houfe for a publick library for ever, for the ufc of all perions who fhall refort thereto at the hours to be appointed for the library-keeper's attendance, and fhall conform themfelves

The honfe built by arch-bithoo of Armagh for a public!;. lihiary, ground, and all appurtenances, with 10 acres, and all gilts or devife* to ofr thereof, fre« from all taxes, utilels exprdUy by name.

to die rule?, orders, and directions of the governois thereof for the time being ; and hath alfo provided all things convenient for the better order, ufe, and (landing of the books intended to be kept therein ; and hath likewife fitted and prepared the remainder of the faid houfe for the accommodation and habitation of a perfon to be appointed library-keeper and his furceflbrs, keepers of the faid library, for ever; and hath alfo laid out a piece of ground for a court to the faid houfe, which houfe is fituated in Abbey-flreet in the faid city, the faid houfe and ground for a court containing in front to Abbey-flreet aforefaid one hundred and fifty three feet, as likewife ten acres of land, part of the town land of Lifanally, the ellate of the fee of Armagh, near the faid city of Armagh, now in the poflefiion of the faid arch-bifhop, for the accommodation of fuch library-keeper: at the fuit therefore of the faid Ricliard lord archbifhop of Armagh, be it ena&ed by the King's mofl excellent Majefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament af-fembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the houfe before mentioned to have been built by the faid Richard lord archbifhop of Armagh, the ground on which it flands, and the faid court, and all other appurtenances to the faid houfe and library belonging, together with the faid ten acres of land in the town land of Lifanally, from the time of palling this a6l be a&ually fettled and veiled; and thar all lands, tenements, fum or fums of money, books printed

and

Digitized by v^ooQle

1^2	The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears nf George III.

A. D. *nd manuferipts, and all other things of what kind or na* 1773*4*	ture foever, which (hall at any time from thenceforth be

%Chap. 40.	given or difpofed of, whether perfonally, or by deed, or

will* to the ufe of the faid library, or office of library-keeper, be veiled in the archbifhop of Armagh for the time being, the reverend dodlor Hugh Hamilton dean of Armagh, the reverend dodlor A rthur Jacob chanter of the cathedral church of faint Patrick's, Armagh, the reverend Alexander Bidet chancellor of the faid cathedral, the reverend dodlor Francis Hamilton treafurer of the faid cathc-dial, the reverend Charles Walter Congrave, mailer of arts p	archdeacon	of	Armagh,	the	reverend	dodlor	William God-

ly the prebendary of Mullagbrack, the reverend dodor Henry Lefiie, prebendary of Ballymore, the reverend Brabazon Difney, prebendary of Loughall, and the prebendary of Tynan when militated, the fame being now vacant, and their fuccefTors feverally for the time being, for ever in trull, and to and for the refpedive ufes, intents, and purpofes, herein before mentioned to be intended concerning the fame refpcdively, to the ufe of the faid library, or library-keeper, \	for ever, and to fuch ether ufes, intents, and purpofes, as

(hall be declared or appointed by the perfon and perfons giving, granting,, or devifing the fame, and to no other ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoever; and that the fame ihall remain, continue, and be in the faid truftees and their fuc-ceflbra for ever unalienable, and without their being capable of forfeiting, felling, incumbering, or othenvife difpoling of the fame, otherwife than as hereinafter mentioned ; the faid houfe, and library, an$ ground for a court thereunto belonging, in the faid city of Armagh, to be and remain free from all manner of taxes, impofed or hereafter to be impofed by adt of Parliament, unlcfs the fame (hall be charged exprelly and by name, any law, ufage, or cuftom to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithilanding.

Created a II. And for the better prefervation of all the faid books, cr.rpoiat.on for an(j 0f the faid houfe and library, with their and every of yt-rj ofth bcicin their appurtenances, and for making the faid library more ufeful to the publick, be it further enadlcd by the authority aforefaid, That the lord archbifhop of Armagh for the time being, and the reverend dodlor Hugh Hamilton dean of Armagh, the reverend dodlor Arthur Jacob chanter of the cathedral church of faint Patrick’s Armagh, the reverend Alexander BilTet chancellor of the faid cathedral, the reverend dodlor Francis Hamilton treafurer of the faid cathedral, the reverend Charles Walter Congrave, mailer of arts, archdeacon of Armagh, the reverend dodlor William Godley prebendary of Mullaghbrack, the reverend dodlor Henry Leflie, prebendary of Ballymore, the reverend

Digitized by v^ooQle

governors.

The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George 111. rend Brabazon Difney, prebendary of Loughall, and the prebendary of Tynan, when inllituted, the fame being now vacant, and their fucceffors, feverally, for the time being, for ever, be created a corporation or body politick for the purpofes herein contained only, and be appointed governors and guardians of the laid houfe and library, built and appointed ercCted by Richard lord archbifhop of Armagh ; and that herc:iiOWCr* ^ the laid governors and guardians be authorized to eleCt two perfons of the diocefe of Armagh to be joined with them in the a fore fa id trull as governors and guardians of the fa id houfe and library; and upon the death or refignation of any fuch eleCted governors and guardians from time to lime to eleCl other fit peifon or perfons to be governors or guardians in their room ; and that the faid governors and guardians for the time being in their own names, and deferiptions as aforefaid, as by the title of governors and guardians of the library ereCted by Richard lord archbifhop of Armagh at Armagh, (hall have power, and be authorized, impowered, and enabled to accept, take, and receive all fuch gifts, grants, and legacies as aforefaid, and to Hand and be feized, and poflefTed thereof for ever, to the ufes, and under the trulls aforefaid, and be capable to fue for the fame in any court of law or equity, the flatute of mortmain, and all other laws, llatutes, ufages, or culloms to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithilanding: and that they, the faid governors and guardians, or any three or more of them, the archbifhop of Armagh for the time being being prefent, and of that number, but in cafe of his being Tick, or abfent out of this kingdom, or during the vacancy of the faid fee, that then any five or more of the faid governors and guardians fhall have power and authority and be authorized to meet together from time to time, and .as often as there fhall be occafion, to confider of and to make fuch reafonable rules and orders for the better government and management of the faid houfe and library, as they lhall think necefiary and convenient; to which rules and orders, by the faid governors and guardians made as aforefaid, the library keeper for the time being (hall for ever be fubjedt, and fhall from time to time obferve, on pain of being fufpended from the faid office or employment, and from the income, profits, and lodgings thereunto belonging, at and during the pleafure of the faid governors and guardians.

111.	And be it further enacted by the authority afore- if obftin.itc y laid, That in cafe the faid library-keeper fhall continue days, 5 (archbi-obftinate feven days after his being fufpended as aforefaid,	l)	rc“

and will not obferve the orders, rules, and directions of movc> the faid governors and guardians, that then, and in fuch «afe, the faid governors and guardians,, or any five or

more

Digitized by Google

>44

A. D.

1773‘4-Chap. 40.

another appointed.

Appointment of librarian vefted in arch-bilhop, See.

7'he thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George IH. more of them, the archbifhop of Armagh for the time being being prefcat and of that number, fhall have power and be authorized to meet together, and to deprive and remove the faid library-keeper off and from the faid office or employment, and to take from him the income, profits, and lodgings to the faid office belonging, from the time of his continuing and being declared obflinate as aforefaid, and alfo that another library-keeper be nominated and appointed, in like manner as if the library-keeper fo deprived or remover!, was naturally dead.

IV.	And be it further epa&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the nomination and appointment of a library-keeper for the faid library, and of his fuccefibr and ftic-ccfTors from time to time, fo often as there fhall be occafion, upon the death of the library-keeper for the time being, or upon the furrendcr, forfeiture, or other avoidaoce of the faid office, be vefted in the archbifhop of Armagh for the time being; and that the perfon fo nominated and appointed, and none other, fhall‘be library-keeper for the time being, and hold that office during his good behaviour, and be intitled to the lodgings and apartments in the faid houfe allotted for the keeper of the faid library, or fuch part3 thereof as the faid governors and guardians fhall think fit, and to the faid court thereto belonging, and land aforefaid, and to the falary to the faid office belonging* Provided the perfon fo nominated and appointed library-keeper, be a prefbyter of the church of England or Ireland as by law eftablifhed, and that he fhall have taken the degree of mailer of arts in one of the univerfities or colleges of that part of Great Britain commonly called England, cr Ireland, and that before his admiflion to the office of library-keeper, he fhall give to the faid governors and guardians fecurity to the value of five hundred pounds fler-lir.;r by recognizance, with fufiieient fccurkies, that none of the f.iid bo*iks fhall be loft, or otherwife embezzled, and fhall alfo take the oath following, viz.

I.ibrari&n'* I A, B. do fwear, that I will ufe my utmofi care and rrt-d**	deavour	to	prefet've	all	the	books	and	other	things,	which	are	or

Jhall be committed to my charge by the governors and guardians of the public library, built and erected in /Irmagb by Richard Lord Archbfloop of Armagh, and that I will not wittingly or willingly fuffer any of the faid books dur ing my continuance in the ojjice of library-keeper to be lent abroad, (unlefs permitted fo to do by an order of the governors and guardians at the ge-neral vi/itation) given away or embezzled, or to be any wife damnified through my fault; and that I will to the utmofi of my power obferve all fuch fatutes, rules, and conjhtutions already made, or which Jhall hereafter be made, concerning the 4	faid

Digitized by L^ooQie

The thirteenth andfourteenth Tears of George III.	145

faid office of library-keeper, while the fame fhall continue in A. D. force* and Ifhall continue in the faid office.	1773*4-

So help me God. Chap. 40.

Which faid oath the archbiftiop of Armagh for the time Admrniftercd being or in cafe of his being abfent, or being fick, or of ^ the vacancy of that fee, any two or more of the laid governors and guardians, (hall be authorized and impowered to adminifter, and to tender the fame.

V.	Provided always. That it may be lawful for the faid or fc™y governors and guardians, or any three or more of them, to °atc* 0f change any book or books, which (hall be given to the faid and buy others, library, and where there (hall appear to be duplicates in

the lame, for otfier books to be put into the faid library, or to (ell fuch duplicates, and with the money anting by the fale thereof to buy fuch other books, as they (hall think proper* to be put into the faid library, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith(landing.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- 3. archbiftiop

laid. That the faid governors and guardians, or any three	°r	un

or more of them, whereof the archbifhop of Armagh, un- „ ?0vCmor lefs then fick, or out of this kingdom, or thac the faid fee under his hand fhall happen to be vacant, (hall always be one, and in cafe f:al (hull of fuch abfcnce or ficknefs that one of the governors afore-	r;nci

laid, whom the faid archbifhop (hall Under his hand and a f 111 c8* c' archiepiftopal feal appoint to be prefent and of that number, (hall on the day preceding or next after the general

annual viTitation of the faid diocefe at Armagh perfonally vifit every year the faid library, and infpeft the (late and condition of the fame, and of every thing therein contained, and at fuch their vifitation make fuch orders and rules, and give fuch dire&ions concerning the fame, as to them, or the major part of them, (hall feem nece(Tarv and convenient; and that the faid governors and guardians may adjourn their faid vilitations to fuch further time or times, as they, or the major part of them, (hall think fit.

VII.	And whereas it is neceflary, that the faid govcf- Archbiftop,

nors and guardians fhould have due notice of the time and or on abfcnce place tor their meeting to execute the truit repofed in them or ncgle£ any by this adl: be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-	2	day»

faid. That the archbifhop of Armagh lor the time being,

or in cafe of his abfence or negleA that then any two of the faid governors and guardians, be dire&ed to give due notice or fend fummons to each of the faid governors and guardians, of the time and place intended for the meeting of the faid governors and guardians for the purpofes afore-faid two days at lealt before the time of fuch meeting.

Vol. VI.	K	VIII. And

Digitize;

Google

146	The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George I1L

A. D. VIII. And wjiereas feveral other pubk'ck ai$«weB *1 p«i-1773*4-	^te buildings have within tbefe few years fell pail been

Chap. 40.	erc&cd in and about the laid city, and further buddings

and enlargements to the faid city are now carrying on; and it being represented that a parcel of fend adjoining to the faid city, and containing nine acres one rood, and thirty feven perches, Irifti plantation meafure, which it part of the eflate of the archbifhoprick of Armagh, and is fur-.rounded on every pait by land the property of the fiud fee, and that the fame being coarfe and fwampy no part thereof hath ever been let, except a fmall fpot which was demifed by Hugh, formerly lord archbifhop of Actnagh, for the term of forty years in the year one thoufand (even hundred and thirty fix to the government for a barrack, which barrack fell down in ruins many years ago, and a new barrack is now building on other ground the eftate of the faid fee, and that the red of the f&id land has been walle ground ferving principally for holding fairs, and from the fwampy condition in which it retains, is unhealthy, and in many refpe6ta a nuifance to the faid city: at the fuit therefore of the faid Richard lord archbifhop of Armagh, and the humble fuit of the fovereign and burgeffes Wafte land of the city of Armagh, be it further ena£fed by the autho-vefted in arch- rity aforefaid, that the faid parcel of wade fend, contain-hifl>op and fuc- *ng njne acrc8> one rood, and thirty feven perches as afore-te on, c. faid, with all buildings which fhall dand thereupon, fhafl be and remain veded in the faid Richard lord archbifhop of Armagh and his fuccelfors archbifhops of Armagh for ever, to tne intent and purpofe that the faid Richard lord archhidiop of Armagh or his luccefTors may and are hereby authorized to caufe fuch roads, as he fhall think neceflhry, to be made through the faid ground from the faid city to the roads leading on each end of the faid ground from the ground* par- faid city to different parts of the county, and to parcel out celled out in the remainder of the faid ground into fb many divifion% il.vifions for the ag foe or fhafl think proper, and by deed under his or purpots ciiin thejr hand and archiepifcopal fe«d to appropriate fuch divi-*ons, or fo many of them as he or they feall think fit, fevendly for the ufe of holding fans and for holding markets, and for fuch other ufes as he and they fhall judge to be mofl advantageous to the inhabitants of the laid city, from thenceforth to remain fo -appropriated for ever 5 and to demife and leafe by indenture under his and their band and archiepifcopal feal the remainder of fuch divifions, as alfo fuch part of the divifion to be appropriated for markets, as fhall be necefiary for (hambles, from time to time, for any number of years not exceeding fixty years, taking fuch fines upon each demife and renewal, arid leferving thereupon fuch annual rent, as he and they fhall think fair

and



- D^tgecLtoy Google

Tfc tfcirtfcyth andfqwieeQtb fcqn tf Georgy III.	fj.y

and reafonable, fuch rent to be made payable to the (aid A. I), archbifhop and his fucceffors.	1773-4^

IX. And be it further enabled by the authority afore- .Chap. 40. £pdd, That all fuch fines and rents, fo to be paid ffom tim£ to tinpe to the faid archbi/hop and hisffucceffors, /hall be Applied only applied by him and them from time to time to /uch ufes ** and purpofes, as (hall appear to him and them to be of ta2C0U** jnoft advantage to the faid corporation and thje inhabitants of tb/e (aid city, ?#d (or no other ufe or purpofe what-foever.

And for the better carrying this plan inio execut’on, Archbiftop and for removing any obllru&ions which might proceed may exchange from irregularity or inconvenience in the out lines of th^ Part#

/aid wade ground, or any parts thereof, iri forming fuch divifions as aforefaid, that the faid archbifhop or his fuc-* .ceffors may, and is, and are hereby authorized to exchange fo much of other land, the eftate of the faid fee, as wH he necefiary for thofe purpofes, for a part of equal value of the (aid wade land, ascertaining the quantities and parts fo to be .exchanged by writing under his or their hand and archiepifcopal Seal, and lodging in the office of the regift er ,of the (aid fee fuch writing, or a duplicate thereof, together with a furvey of the part? fo exchanged one for t;he pthe^ ccrtifiedunder the hand and archiepifcopal feal of the laid archbifhop, or his fucceffors ; Saving nevertheless to his hlajedy, his heirs and fucceffors, and Saving to all other peifon and perfons, bodies politick and corporate, their heirs, executors, admiuidrators, and fucceffors, other than the (aid Richard lord archbifhop of Armagh, and his executors, adminiflrators, and fucceffors, the faid fovereigu, burgeffes, and corporation, and inhabitants of the city of Armagh, all fuch right, title, or interell, as they or any of them had, or may or might have, in, to, or in any wife concerning the premiffes herein before mentioned, or any part, parcel, or particular thereof hereby intended to be yelled in the aforefaid truftees feverally, for the refpe&ive .ufes, intents, and purpofes before mentioned, as if this a& iad never been made.

XL And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That Aptiblicka& this ad (hall be deemed, taken, and allowed in all courts ^ * twithin this kingdom as^a publick ad, and that as fuch all judges (hall take notice ther.e9f without Specially pleading the fame.

K?	CHAJ.

Digitized by v^ooQle

I

The thirteenth andfourteenth Tears of George lit CHAP. XLI.

An Aft for reviving and continuing feveral temporary Statutes f and to prevent the dejlmQrve Practice of trawling for Fijb in the Bay of Dublin.

WHEREAS the feveral temporary laws and ftatute* herein after mentioned are found to be of general ufe, and fit to be revived and continued; be it enafted by the King's mofl excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled,. and by the au-20 G. a. c 6. thority of the fame, that an aft paffed in this kingdom in perpetual. the twenty ninth year of the reign of his late Majefty King George the fecond entitled. An aft for better regulct-ing juries, and all and every the claufes and provifoes therein contained, fhall be revived and continued in force for ever.

Tiiht*	.X And whereas an aft paffed in the firft year of the

Teign of his late Majefty King George the fecond, entitled, An aft for the more eafy recovery of tythes and otljer ecclefiajti« i G. * r. i2. cal dues of fmall value, which faid aft was afterwards from at rn tithes and tjme to tjmc continued by feveral fubfequent afts, but is tctuaJ ****	ncar	c*Pr™g:	it	enafted	by	the	authority afbrc-

faid, that the faid recited aft, and all and every the claufes therein contained, fo far as they relate to the recovery of tythes and other ecclefiaftical does of fmaB value, be made perpetual.

Juries.

C PI A P. XLII.

An Aft for reviving, eontmuing, and amending feveral temporary Statutes, and for ether pvrpofes therein mentioned.

Corporation*. HI. A ND whereas by the charters of feveral boroughs ,/jL and corporations a majority of the burgeffes, or n* cliief ma- other members of fuch boroughs or corporations, arre rcqwV giftiate, profit- cd to be prefent at the {wearing of the portrieve or other ©raliumbcrof	magiftrate of the fame, which is frequently attended

mrmbeM at with g^at inconvenience to the members of fuch boroughs fwcaiing, &c. and corporations : for remedy whereof, be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, that no perfon, who hath been or (hall be duly elefted into any fuch office, fhall be in any wap fued, molefted, or profecuted for or on account of any ob-jeftion, which fhall he taken, becaufe there had not been a fufficient number of burgeffes or other members of fuch borough or corporation prefent at the fwearing of fuch officer;

-V,

The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George III.	149

6cer j provided fuch officer (hall have taken the oaths re* A. D. ejuired by law in the prefence of two of the burgefles or f 1773-4. members of fuch borough or corporation in the publick Chap. 42. market houfe, or toll houfe, or ufual place of holding af- ~ femblies of fuch borough or corporation, between the hours oaths publick* of ten in the morning and ttiree in the afternoon ; and *7 fuch officers (hall be deemed legal officers of fuch boroughs or corporations: and all corporate aft9, which have been or (hall be done by them, (hall have the fame force and effeft, as if fuch officers had been refpeftively fworn purfuant to the direftkm of the faid refpeftive charters.

* IV. And whereas by an aft made in the fifth year of the Hofpitah reign of his prefent Majefty, entitled, An ad for ending and erc&ed in cotm-eftabrifhingpublick infirmaries or bofpitals in this kingdom, it is lY towns, u by cnafted, That hofpitals or infirmaries (houki be erefted in f G’ 3* c* the county towns of feveral counties therein mentioned, or at a diftance not exceeding one mile from the court houfe of the faid county towns ; and among!! the reft that an hofpital or infirmary (hould be erefted in the county town of the county of Leitrim, or at a diftance not exceeding one mile from the court houfe in the faid county town: and whereas the town of Carrick upon Shannon is the county town for the faid county of Leitrim, and that it has been found imprafticable to purchafe or procure a fee form grant or perpetual leafe of any ground in the faid town of Car-rick upon Shannon, or within one mile of the court houfe in the faid town, whereon an infirmary or hofpital could b« erefted for the benefit of faid county of Leitrim purfuant to the faid ftatute; and whereas a perpetual leafe of two acres of ground at a pepper com rent have been granted in the town of Mohill in tht- faid county of Leitrim for the purpofe of erefting thereon an hofpital or infirmary purfuant to the faid aft: be it enafted by the authority afore-faid, that the governors of the hofpital or infirmary of the County of Leitrim may accept of the grant of the faid leafe of two acres of ground in the town of Mofiill aforefaid, and upon the ground thereby granted ereft an infirmary or hofpital, which (hall be deemed and taken to be the hofpi-pital or infirmary of the county of Leitrim; and the faid infirmary or hofpital, and th$ governor* and gqveraefles thereof for ever hereafter (hall be fubjeft to the fame government and regulations, and have and enjoy all and every the fame powers, rights, immunities, privileges, gifts, grants, benefits, advantages, and emoluments whatfoever, as fully and cffeftually to all intents and purpofes by virtue of the faid recited ftatute or otherwife, as if the faid inlir-piary or hofpital had been erefted in the faid town of Carrie^

Digitized by Google

*5°

A. D.

judgment*.

3 O. i. c. 7.

perpetual.

The thirteenth dndfourteenth fettrs of teeorge ill., rick upon Shannon, or within one mile of the court houle therein, any thing in the faicl recited ftatiite to the contrary tfotwithftanding.

V. And whereas an aft paflM in the tfiird year of the reign bf his late Nlajefty King George fhe fecond, entitled. Ah a8 for the Better difcovery bf judgments in the courts of King stench) Common Pleas, aria Exchequer at ttuhfin, and for the greater fecurlty of pur chafers; which faid aft has beCft continued by feveral afts of Parliament, but is near expiring, arid which was a very beneficial law : be it en'dfted by the authority aforefaid, that the faid aft, and all and every claufe, article, and thing therein contained, (hall be continued and be in force for ever.

CHAP. XLIUt.

Am ended

15 and 16 G. 3 c. 31. f. a.

Meath bofpi-t*l rOalii.ihed the co. Dublin infirmary, as by S G. 3. c. ao.

preOntments by term grand juries, 19 and 20 G. 3 c. 44. f. 21.

Kn Ah for explaining and amending an Ah pajfed in the fifth Tear of His prefent Majeflfs Reign, entitled, An Ad for ere ding and ejiablijhing Pubfick Infirmaries or Hof pit ah in this Kingdom.

WHEREAS by an aft patted in the fifth year of His prefent Majefty’s reign, entitled, An ad forered-trig and efiabftfhing pub/icl infi/yharies or hqfpitals in this ling* iclom, it is enafted, That receptacles be Founded for tne poofj who are infirm and difeafed, in the feveral counties drift in the manner therein mentioned; and whrieas the county bf Dublin by mi flake or omiffion hath not been provided for by the faid aft, and the faid county by the greit number of infirm and difeafed poor therein Hands greatly in need of an hofpital or infirmary, maintained and cftdbliflied as thofe of other counties have been by laid aft: dnd whereas the feveral perfons, who have at a very conli-derable expence to themfelves by private fubferiptiohs erefted at the expence of two thoufand pounds and upwards a budding fituated at a place called the Comb in the faid county of Dublin, known and called by the name of the Meath Hot-pital, are willing without fee or reward to .give up laid building witli all its furniture, utenfils, and appurtenances to th£ ufe of faid county for ever : be it enafted hj the king’s mod excellent Majefly, by and with advice dna con-fent bf the lords fpiritual and temporal ^nd commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That faid building, called the Meath Hofpital, Ihsft from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy four, be created and founded, erefted, and eftablifhed the hofpital or infirmary for faid county bf Dublin, and be for ever hereafter deemed and

confideitd

The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George III.	151

conKdercd to all intents ahd pnrpofes the hofpital for faid ^ j) county, to l>c endowed with and intitled to all emoluments, 1773-4. rights, liberties, privileges, and advantages, as folly and ef- y_	J

feftuaHy as any other cormty hofpital in and by faid aft provided for and mentioned.

II.	Provided always. That the annual fom or falary of The annual one hundred pounds-, uftnrHy granted to the phyfieian and f^ary pbyfi-

r	,	r	.«	«	1	v	.	„. K J	.	ciani,	appropri-

iorgeon* be paid and appropriated to the maintenance and atc(j t0Jfc ge-

general fund for neceffoncs in faid hofpital, and that in all ncral fund, &c. other iftpefts fold hofpital fhall be fubjeft to the Hke rules and regulations as the other county hoTpitals in faid aft men-tfonfcdj fave only that the prefent phyficians and chirurge-ons of faid Meath Hofpital (hall be appointed the phyficians and chirurgeons of fold intended infirmary for the county of Dublin ; and that it may be lawful for faid phyficians and chirurgeons, or a majority of them, to deft a phyfieian pr chirorgeon in the room of any phyfieian or chirurgeon, who from time to time by death, removal, or otherwise (hall make a vacancy in foid hofpital, in confideration of their having ferved foid hofpital gratis thefe feventcen years paft, ancJ their having had a principal (hare in the fupport thereof during that period, and in erefttng foid building, as well as the relinquisling in behalf of themfelves and their fuccef-fors in foid hofpital all claim or title to the annual fola-ry of one hundred pounds, which they othertoife would be intitled to in confequence of foid aft ; any thing heretofore or in laid aft mentioned to the contrary notwitfa-ftindmg.

CHAP. XLVI.

An AS for amending an Act made the lajl tiejfton of Parti-ahtenfy entitled, An Act for Badging fudh Poor as Jhall be fbukd unable to fupport themfelves by *Labour, and other*

Kui/e providing for them ; and for refraining fuch% as Jhall he found aide to fupport themfelves by Labour and Indufry% froih Begging.

WHEREAS the above mentioned aft by the fignal , p charity of feVeral wdl difpCfed perfons, and by the y c. %o. attention and care of the corporation created by the foid	G. a. c. 57.

aft for the county of the city of Dublin, has already in the foid city been happily carried into execution, as for as could be expe&ed oonfidering the (hortnef's of the time, and * the many impediments arifing from the different jurisdictions in and about the foid city: in order to remove thefe impediments, and to render the execution of the foid aft impediments, more eafy and compleat, be it enafted by the King’s mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of rcUI‘

the

Digitized by Google

*s*

A. D.

1773-4-Chap. 46.

County grand juiy to prefent *» by laid ail,

and handover to city treahircr in proportipn to the poor in the city houfe of induftry.

Msgiftrttet mar fend beg* fear* to the houfe of induf-try.

Beggar* eom ynitted till next board.

The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George IlL the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy four, all and every part of the feveral places in and about the city of Dublin within two miles of his Majelly’s cafUe of Dublin, whether belonging to liberties or to the county at large, (hall be exempted from the jurifdiftion of any other corporation created by the faid ad, and be fubjeft only to the corporation created by the faid ail for the county of the city of Dublin, and that in as full and ample manner as any other part of the county of the city is now fubjeft by the faid ad.

II.	And whereas by this means a confiderable part of the poor of the county of Dublin, will be transferred to the jurifdiftion and care of the corporation for the county of the city ; and doubts have arifen, whether the grand juries for the county of Dublin, were enabled by the faid ail to prefent and levy money for the fupport of a houfe of induftry in the faid county : be it enafted by the authority afore-faid, That the grand jury of the county of Dublin in Eafter term in every year be empowered and required to prefent fuch fum, and to be levied in the manner in the faid ad is mentioned; and alfo that they be further impowered to hand over fuch portion of the money, collefted under any fuch future prefentment, to the corporation for the county of the city, or their treafurer, as {hall be adjudged reafon-t able, in proportion to the number of poor received from the county at large into the houfe of induftry belonging to the county of the city of Dublin.

III.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the corporation created by the faid aft for the county of Dublin, and all the magiltrates of the county of Dublin, be and are hereby impowered to fend beggars and drolling vagrants to the houfe of induftry in the county of the city of Dublin, in fuch number and on fuch terms as the corporation for the county of the city of Dublin Ihall think themfelves enabled to receive, who are hereby impowered to

_ receive tberp.

IV.	And for the more effeftual fupprefEon of vagrant beggars within the limits of the jurifdiftions of the corporation for the county of the city of Dublin, be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That any member of the faid corporation may on view dr information of a credible witnefe commit any perfon taken in the aft of begging to the houfe of induftry, there to be detained in the divifton of the houfe allotted for the helplefs poor, till his cafe ftiall be examined at the next general board, who may difpofe of

(ulK

-—■— _ 30gle

The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George III. fiich perfon fo committed according to the regulations of the faid ad.

V. And whereas a number of young and able bodied perfons follow the feveral occupations of news crying, cleaning (hoes, and carrying balkets from the markets, and are

News cryers,

in the intervals of fuch employment expofed to idlenefs	c!^cr,»

3nd vice: 'and whereas fuch perfons might be more ufefully	c^m

engaged in labour, and fuch employments might be execut- mitted as a ed by perfons partly difabled, who mull otherwife be taken vagabond, into the houfe of induftry: be it ena&ed bv the authority aforefaid, That any perfon following any of the faid occupations within the limits of the jurildi&ion of the corporation for the poor in the county of the city of Dublin after the twenty fourth dav of June next, without a licence from the faid corporation (fuch licence to be granted without fee or reward) (hall be deemed an idle perfon, and be liable to commitment as a vagabond.

VI.	And whereas a number of perfons in order to evade And vender the penalties of the faid ad againft vagrant beggars, and at 0f fmali wares, the fame time to excite compallion, and avoid betaking them- unlcfs liccnfcd. felves to ufeful labour, have recourfe to hawking about fmail

wares, whereby they cannot eard a fubfiftence : in order to prevent fuch indired begging, be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That any member of the corporation for the poor of the county of the city of Dublin may commit any perfon offering fuch fmali wares to (ale within the limits of the jurifdidion of the faid corporation, without a licence from the faid corporation (fuch licence to be granted without fee or reward) and that fuch perfon (hall be deemed an idle perfon, and be liable to commitment as a vagabond, unlefs fuch perfon be provided with a licence as a hawker and pedlar.

VII.	And whereas the manner of appointing preachers Corporations to recommend the charitable purpofes of the faid recited ad for poor (hall differs from the ecdefiaftical order ufual in fuch cafes: be it apply to dioce-enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the corporation

for badging the poor in the feveral counties of cities and 60 1 * counties of towns in this kingdom (hall by letter uqder their corporation feal, or by deputation from their body, apply to the archbiftiop, bi(hop, or ordinary of their refpedive diocefe, requefting him to require fermons to be preached for the fupport of the faid charity by the minifter of every parifh, or fome properly qualified perfon, to be provided by him, on fuch one particular Sunday between the firft day of January and firft day May in every year, as (hall by the faid archbifhop, bifhop, or ordinary, be judged moft proper and convenient ; and that upon fuch requifition the (aid archbiihop, bifhop, or ordinary, fhaii iffue his mandate for this purpofe to Lis clergy,

’	VIII. Ai*4

Digitized by Google

Beggar* apprehended and clothed* and detained till re-imourfcd.

Lord mayor prefident

The ibirrmth tod fourttensb Tears of George IIL

VIII.	And whereas many of the vagrant beggars appre*

hended and compelled to go into the houfe of inddhy, purfuartt to the potoet veiled ih the corporation by the former ad* were either deftitute of cloaths, or covered with filch cloths* as after being wadted became offno ufe, and the corporation Urtrt therefore put to the expence 6f providing them with cloaths: be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the corporation (hall have power to detain in the faid hettife filch pferfons, as (hall hereafter be apprehended irtd clothed at the expence of the corporation* until they (hall by their labour have reimbursed the expence of parchafihg fuch cloaths.

IX.	And whereas it is (it, that the lord mayor of the c(ty of Dublin* on account of his knowledge of the cir-

at ailembiy. Sec. chmftances and condition of the Faid city, and his constant' rfeftdence therein, and iriore efpeciaily from the dignity* of his office, do prelide at the meetings of the faid corporation : be it therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid. That When a fui'ficient quorum are aflembled, he, if prefcnt, Shall always take the chair, and do all the duties of a pre-fident or head of the corporation, as laid down in faid ad j and in his abfence* one of the reprefentatives of the faid city in Parliament, or the fenior juftice, as dirtded by the raid ad; and ih their abfence any other member of the corporation* Whom a majority of the faid quorum (hall appoint to take the chair.

Meetings may ' X. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That be held out of ^fte corporation, created for the county of Dublin* may, if they (hall thihk fit, hold their feveral meetings at fuck places, as to them (hall fetth convenient, out of the faid county; any daufe ih the (aid aft to the contrary notwith" Handing.

XI. And whereas a doubt has arifen, whether fuch cor-' potations, as have neglected to meet at the time prescribed by the faid ad, have no# power to meet in order to carry iftto execution the purpofes of the faid recited ad : in order therefore to remove fuch doubt, be it enaded by the authority aforefaid* that the faid feveral corporations are hereby empowered to meet at fuch time or times, as they (hall think proper, and to adjourn from time to time, and do all matters and things, which they are empowered to do by the faid ad, m as full and ample a manner as if they had met at the time ptfefcribtd by the faid ad.

XI I. And whereas the faid ad for badging the poor in this kingdom extends only to the creating of corporations, for the purpofes of the faid ad, within counties at large, or In tbuhtiCs of cities* or counties of towns in this kingdom ; and Whereas the town, of Belfaft in the county of Antrim^

the county.

Corporations may meet. See.

»rpoi crewed fur Bella it.

Digitized by v^ooQle

The thirteenth landfourteenth Tears of George III. tiiiri, is a populous and weaifhy town, arid the fa id towri^ and parifh thereof contains as many inhabitants as feveral of the cities or counties df towns in this kirigdotn, but, not Being a county within itfelf, cannot Have the benefit of the (aid law in as ample arid Rill a manner as is found neceflary ; and whereas the inhabitants of the hud town arid parifh of Belfaft have by voluntary fubfcriptiohs and contribution railed a fund of money for thfc fupport of the poor within the faid town and parifh, and for the better answering that laudable interitiori, have erected a poor houfe and infirmary for the receptiori of the faid poor and of Tick perfons ori certain grounds adjoinirig to the laid town, which have been granted Dy the right honourable Arthur eati of Donegall to certain trullees for the ufes afotefaid : and the faid inhabitants aredefiroud, that the faid hofpital and infirmary, and the grounds whereon the fame are built, fo granted by the faid earl of tionegall to faid truftees herein after named* and that a body corporate ffioiild be formed, and to continue For ever, for the better cdrrying into execution under proper regulations the. charitable and huriiane defigri of maintaining the poor of the faid town and parifh : be it enabled by tne authority afdretaid. That from and after the firft day of June, one thoufand feveri hundred rind reverity four, the right honourable Art hut earl of tirinegall, James Lewis, the fovereign of the Taid town of fcelfaft, and his fqcceflbrs for the tiirie bfeing, Heriry Skelfengton and George Hamilton efquirea, representatives ir) Parliament for tfye faid town, and the reprefentdtives in Parliament for the faid town for the time bfeing, the prerent vicar and church wardens of the faid parifh. and their fucceflors for the time being, James Makay, Williairi Laird, and James Crumby* and fuch perfons as fhall contribute to fuch charity ashetein after mentioned, fhall For ever hereafter be in name and fa& pne body corporate in law for the charitable purpofes afore-faid, ana fhall have perpetual fuccelfeon, and be called and diftinguifhed by the name of thfe prefident and afliftants of theBelfaft charitable fociety; and that the faid Arthur earl

lord Donegall

of jDonegall fhall be prefident thereof during hi*3 life; and prefident for that they the faid prefident and his afliftants mall be enabled hfc» to plead *nd fue, and to be impleaded and fued, by that name in all bis Majefty’s courts, of Juflice ; and fhall and jhay appoint a common feal and feaTs for the ufe of the faid corporation ; and fhall have power and authority to meet together, as often as there flnll he occaflon; and the faid pre-iident ana his afliftants, and their fucceflbrs, or any five or more of them, being fo aflembled, fhall have power to make 5 may make fuch reafonable laws, rules, orders, and regulations for the and alter rules, Jjctter government and management of the kid infirmary &c-

and

Digitized by L,ooQle

*5*

A. D«

^773-4-Chap. 4 6.

like powers ai to beggars, bj 11 and i z G. 3. c. 30.

I guinea fob-fcrihern, members one year.

Meeting and > adjournment.

Grounds granted by lord Donegall veiled in faid corporation for the poor of fielfaiL

The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George III. and poor houfe, as they (hall think neceflary and convenient* and to revoke or alter the fame at their diferetioo ; and that it (hall and may be lawful for the faid prefident and afllftants to make fueh and the like bye laws and regulations, and to exercife fuch and the like powers, with refpeft to the poor and all idle and flurdy beggars within the (aid town and parilh of Belfafl, as the corporations created by virtue of the laid a61 within counties at large, and counties of towns and citie&, are enabled to do.

XIII.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That every perfon who (hall fubferibe and pay the fum of one guinea to the faid corporation for the fupport and maintenance of the faid poor, (hall from thenceforth be and continue for the fpacc of one entire year a member thereof to all intents and purpofes, as fully and efic&ually, as any of the perfons herein before named*

XIV.	And be it enaAedby the authority aforefaid. That the faid corporation (hall for the firft time hold a meeting on the firft day of June next, in the market houfe of the faid town of Belfaft, and that it (hall and may be lawfiil for them afterwards to meet at, and adjourn to, fuch times and places within the faid town and pariftt, as they (hall think fit; and in cafe the prefident (hall not attend, that they (hal( and may have power to appoint fuch other member of their corporation to prefide and a& in his place and ftead at fuch meeting, as they may judge proper; and that they and their fucceffors (hall and may upon the death; refigna-tion, or removal of their prefent prefident eleA, and chafe fuch member of their corporation to be prefident thereof, as they (hall think fit.

XV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That all and every the grounds, which have been fo. granted by the faid Arthur ean of Donegall by the feveral deeds herein after mentioned to the truftecs therein named, for the ufe of the faid poor houfe and infirmary, and the charitable defign of erecting any buildings thereon, or for anfwering any ufeful purpofe for the maintenance, relief, or accommodation of the poor of the faid town and parifh of Belfaft, that is to fay, all that piece and parcel of ground, fituate, lying, and being on the north fide of the ftreet commonly called Carrickfergus-Peterihill, in the town of Belfaft aforefaid, containing in front next the faid ftreet three hundred and fixty two feet, or thereabouts, be the fame more or lefs, and extending backwards in the weft fide thereof eleven hundred and fifty feet, or thereabouts, be the fame more or lefs; and on the eaft fide thereof twelve hundred and fix feet, be the fame more or lefs; and in breadth at the rear, three hundred and twenty feven feet, be the fame more o» lefs, granted by the faid Arthur earl of Donegall by deeds of lcafe and releaie^

bearing

The thirteenth andfourteenth Tears of George III. bearing date refpe&ively the fifth and fixth days of July, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty eight, to certain truf-tees therein named, as the fame is more particularly deferibed by a map thereunto annexed; and alfo all that piece or parcel of ground, fituate, lying, and being on the north fide of the ftreet, commonly called Carrickfergus-Peterfhill, in the faid town of Belfaft, containing in front next to the faid ftreet one hundred and forty feet of affize or thereabouts, be the fame more or lefs, and extending backwards on the weft fide thereof eleven hundred and ninety feven feet, or thereabouts, be the fame more or lefs ; and on the eaft fide thereof twelve hundred and nine feet, or the reabouts, be the fame more or lefs, and in breadth at the rear one hundred and eighty feet, or thereabouts, be the fame more or lefs, granted by the faid earl of Donegall to Henry Joy by deeds of leafe and rcleafe, bearing date refpe&ively the twenty firft and twenty fecond days of March, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy one, as the fame is more particularly deferibed by a map thereunto annexed 5 and alfo all that piece or parcel of ground fituate on the north fide of Car-tickfergufs-Pcterfhm in the faid town of Belfaft, containing in iront one hundred and forty feet, or thereabouts, and extending backwards one hundred and fifty feet, granted by the faid Arthur earl of Donegall to James Lewis by indenture of leafe bearing date the twenty fixth Day of April, one thou- * fand feven hundred and feventy one, as the fame is more particularly deferibed by a map thereunto annexed, and alfo all that piece or parcel of ground containing two acres plantation meafure, be the fame more or lefs, granted by the faid earl of Donegall to the faid James Lewis by leafe bearing date the twenty fixth day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy one, as the fame is particularly deferibed by a map thereunto annexed, fhall from and after	t

the firft day of June next, be vefted in the faid prefident and afiiftant8 of the charitable fociety of Belfaft, and their fucceflbrs, for and according to the feveral eftates and in-terefts granted by the faid feveral deeds ; fubjeft however fubje& to to the feveral rents, refervations, conditions, claufes, and ^^deeds &c covenants therein contained on the part of the faid grantees	*

and leflees, their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, and afiigns, to be paid, done, and performed; and alfo that all and every fuch fum and Aims of money, as have been fubferibed, paid, and laid out on fecurities for the purpofe aforefaid, and all the fecurities, given, taken, and obtained for the fame, fhall from and after the faid firft day of June be vefted in the faid prefident and afliftants, and their fucceflbrs; and they fhall and may be enabled to fue for and recover the fame to and for the pious and charitable ufes and purpofes of maintaining and fupporting the poor of the faid town and parifh of Belfaft before mentioned,	XVI.	And

Digitized by L^ooQle

licence in mortmain pur-chafe looot. a year, &c.

ij*	TU	Giwa*	Iff-

A. D. 5fVJ. And bft ft fatfhfr #na#yd by *h* futbqrjty tfeffb 1773-4. foid, Th# tfee foid prdideflt a^4	M mf

Chap. 20. wi&QPt licence in mortmain purch^fr, ^e, qr rccfiye 497 manors, fond#, tenant#, annuities, or kre4ft*flWPtfc io .May without ppffefiion, reyerfiou, or coatiogepcy, not e*see(}ing tfec value of one thoqfond pound? # y«*r in the \yhpfo, of the alienation, gift, or devifo of any perfoa or pexfqn§ foiving 9, right, and sot being ojtheryvife (fcfobftd, *9 ahent grant, oy devife $)>e fom*; whfofc perfpo op geffaqt* P9t oth&wfc difobled, is and are hereby enabled tp transfer and gnuit the fooie accordingly, pr any goods, chat*fos, #nd perfon*! eifotp whatfoever, a# weft for the. enlarging the foid iobepaary and poor hoofe, w taking any other houfo pr piece pf ground <*n or near foid town of Bclfoft, which the na^jorky of the (aid corporation ft Quid thioft moft conyefoent, for the relief, fupport, and maintenance of the maiiped, fick, arid inform perfons, who ape to reqejve the benefit qf Uve foid infirmary and poor houfe.

XVII* And be it furtherena&edby tfie authority afore&id. That the foid president and afliilant# fqr the foid ipfitm$ry and poor houfe, and their fqcccflbrs, lh*£l have power and authority to recoycr all legacies, gifts, pod bequ^fo?, made to any perfon or perfan# whatfpeyer in truft for the foid infirmary and poor houfo, or for any of the charitable purpofcs •of the fome,

XVIII.	And he it further enafl^d by the authority afote-foid, That k (hall and may be lawful tp and for the (aid pre-fident and alEudants for the foid infirmary and poor houfo from time to time by indenture under their common foal to demifo or kafo any lands, tenement#, qr heredk^naents., veft-.cdor to be y<$ed in them in purfoance pf this ad, or any part or parcel thereof, for any term or number qf years, .not exceeding the term of thirty one year# ; fo as upon zcvery fuch demifo or leafe -there be reformed and made payable half yearly tq the foid pmfident and afiiilants for the faid infirmary and poor houfe, and their fucccfiors, during •the foid term, as much rent as at tlve time of making fuch leafe can be really had for the fame from .a fiolvcnt tenant, and fo as no ifine, or income, or other confideration be .taken for therfoxne, other than the foid rents to be referyed Ho the foid psefident and ,afiiftants, and tb^ir fuccefiprs ; and fo fts every foch demifo or leafo be made in poffefiion, and jnot in reverfioq.

May eleA XIX. And whereas Mr. Richard Burke, furgeon, hath on ** vPw^^edfhr many years in the county of Clare. with great certificate* *c.	to hbnfeif and benefit to that county, and hath been

(lately-approved of 39 a proper perfon to be ele&ed furgeoq •to the infirmary.of the foid county by the ..unanimous voice /of the governors aadgoverneffes of the faid infirmary; bdt tlve l	foid

May recover legacies and guts in truth

May by indenture demife not above 31 yean, Stc.

Digitized by

Google

The thirteenth and fourteenth Ytars of Gtorgc III. laid Richard Burke, on account of his having ftudied principally in foreign countries, is noty difabled from making ftrid proof of his having regularly ferved an apprenticeship to the laid profeflioii: -be it eaaded by ^he authority aforefaid, that the governors and govemeffes of faid infirmary may eled, if they (hall think fit fo to do, the laid Richard Burke as furgeon to the faid county infirmary, he producing a certificate from the furgeon general in this kingdom, and of two other able furgeons, to be appointed by the, faid furgeon general, of his the faid Richard Burke’s ability and fkill in furgery, if the faid governors and goveraefies of the faid infirmary (hall require the kune ; any thing in the laid ad contained to the contrary notwitb-ftanding.

XX. Provided always, That the faid Richard Burke, if fo clewed, (hall and may be removeable from the £aid office, in manner as is preferihed by the faid ad.

XXf. And whereas the laid recited ad has not been yet carried into execution in the counties of Wexford and Armagh, county of Wicklow, and King’s county in this kingdom, in which counties great inconveniencies have arifen on account o£ the repeal of two ads of Parliament, one made in this kingdom the thirty third of the late King Henry the eighth, entitled, An aQ for vagabonds, and another ad made in this kingdom in the eleventh year of King Charles the firft, entitled. An a£t for ereSing houfes of corre&ion, and for the puni/hing of rogues, vagabonds, and fiurdy beggars,

1and other lewd and idle perfons : be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, that the faid two lad mentioned ads of Parliament, and every thing therein contained, (hall he in foil force in the counties of Wexford, Armagh, Wicklow, and King’s county, in which the faid ad, entitled, An off for hadging fucb poor as Jhall be found not able to fupport them-felves by labour, and othervj’ife providing for them, and for refraining fucb as Jhall be found able to fupport themfelves by fa hour or induflry from begging, has not been carried into execution ; any thine hi the faid laft mentioned ad to tlie contrary uotwithftanding.

159

A. B.

1773’4-Chap. 33.

Ro move able.

33 H. 8. rj* and 10and IT C. 1. c. 4.	-

pealed by 11 and 12 G 3. c. 30. (hall be in fuU force in the placet herein mentioned, &c«

CHAP.

Digitized by L.ooQle

The thirteenth andfourteenth Tears of George tit CHAP. XLV1I.

160

A. D.

*773-4-

An AEt for the letter Regulation of the baking Trade in As City of Dublin*

Amended' TT7HEREAS it is highly neceflary to regulate the m* 15 and 16 G. VV nufa&ure of bread in the city of Dublin, and to and	c*	the	many	frauds and unfair pra&ices made ufe of

i7#	*	*' * in carrying on faid bufinefs, by which bread is rendered un*

whoiefome, and the price enhanced, to the great opprefiion of the poor: for remedy whereof, be it ena&ed by the King’s moll excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, that from and after the firll day of Augufl, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy four no perfon (hall none to bake make Cr bake for fale, or fell or expofe to fale, any bread nr (u r an	cjty	Q£ j)ubh‘n, or tfoe liberties thereof, or within

the liberties of faint Sepulchre’s* Thomas court, and Do-tiore, unlefs fuch perfon fhall firfl regiftcr his or her name and place of abode in fome book, to be kept for that pur-pofe by the lord mayor of the city of Dublin, and thefeoc-fchals of the faid liberties of faint Sepulchre’s, Thomas-court, and Donore refpe&ivcly, within their refpc&ive jurif-didions, in which entries refpe&ively fhall be alfo expreflied the refpc&ivc times of making fuch entries.

Oath previous II. And be it cna&ed by the authority aforefaid, That to regiftry. no perfon fhall he regiftered in the manner herein before direded, unlefs he or {hefhall fwear, or, being of the people called quakers, affirm, in the following manner, that is to fay,	t

/ A. B« do fwear or folemnly affirm as the cafe fhall re-quire* that I will not enter into any unlawful combination whatfoever to raife the price of breads or of corn, meal, or floury of into any unlawful combination not to bake; and that I will not knowingly make, bake, or felly or permit to be made, bakedy orfoldy for my ufe, any bread, in which any other ingredient or mixture flail beput, fave only the genuine four of meal of the grain, and falty watery and barmy or ysaf, of eggs, or milk.

Which oath the lord mayor of the city of Dublin, and the faid fenefchals for the time being refpe&ively, are im-powered and required to adminiftcr within their refpective jurifdidions.

III.	And

ior ituc in xjun« lin till name and abode regiftcred.

Digitized by Google

Penalty 5U

Iffy tlirtuvtk andJbnrtee&h tear* of George III.'

III.	And btf H eqaCfed by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon do qr (bail from and after the time afcrdaid make or bake for fak, or fell, or expofe tq fak, any bread Within the city pf Ouhlin, or the liberties thereof, or within the liberties of faint Sepulcre’s, Thomas-court and Ponore, without having been regiftered, and having taken the oath, or made the affirmation, as herein before is directed, he, (he, or they, fo offending therein, and being thereof convi&ed in manner herein after mentioned, fhali for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of five pounds; tp be recovered and applied in the manner herein after di-

tc&ed.	.	e

IV.	And be it cna&ed by the authority aforefaid, That w|lej^ ^ no perfon or perfons (hall from and after the time aforefaid whit* loaves* make or bake, for fale, or fell, or expofe to fale, within the

laid city of Dublin, or the liberties thereof, or within the liberties of faint Sepulchre’s, Thomas court and Donore* any loaf or loaves of wheaten or white bread, fave of the refpe&ive avoirdupoife weights herein after mentioned, that is to fay, loaves of wheaten bread to weigh refpe&ively at the leail eight pounds, fix pounds, four pounds, and one pound $ and loaves of white bread to weigh refpe&ively at the lead fix pounds, four pounds, two pounds, and one

V.	And be it epa&ed by the authority aforefaid. That

any perfon or perfons (hall from and after the time afore-Vc.	c. 16.

faid make, or bake for fale, or fell, or expofe to fale, within

the city of Dublin, or the liberties thereof, or within the

liberties of faint Sepulchre’s, Thomas court, and Donore,

any loaf or loaves of wheaten or white bread, deficient im

the weights herein before refpeCtively fet for the fame, he,

(he, or they, fo offending in the premises, and being there- , of convicted, (hall forfeit the - penalties inflicted by an aCk of the fird of George the fecond, entitled, jin a3 for regu» lating the price and office of bread and the markets in the cafe of bread deficient in weight.

VI.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That Baker'sname every perfon or perfons, who (hall from and after the time weight aforefaid make, or bake for fale, or fell or expofe to fale,

within the faid city of Dublin, or the liberties thereof, or * within the liberties of faint Sepulchre’s, Thomas-coUrt, and Donore, any fort of wheaten or white bread, (hall from time to time caufe to be fairly imprinted or marked on every loaf of fuch bread the name of the baker of fuch bread, and alfo the number of pounds fuch loaf (hall weigh ; and that every perfon, who (hall fo make or bake for fale, or ihall fell or expofe to fide, any loaf or loaves of wheaten or Vol. VI.	I*	white

Digitized by LjOOQle

If real name of baker not marked, 20s.

Tthe thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George III. white bread, which (hall not be fo marked as aforefaid, (hall upon conviftion thereof, according to the method* prefcribed by an aft patted in this kingdom in the firft year of George the fecond, entitled, An aS for regulating the price and affile of bread and the markets, be punifhed in fuch manner, and under fuch penalties, regulations, and allowances, as are fet forth in faid aft, in cafes where bread is deficient in weight.

VII.	And be it cnafted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons (hall after the time aforefaid make or bake for fale, or fell or expofe to fale, within the city of Dublin, or the liberties thereof, or within the liberties of faint Sepulchre’s, Thomas court, and Donore, auy loaf of fuch wheaten or white bread, on which the real name of the perfon, who baked fuch loaf or loaves, (hall Jipt be marked as aforefaid, he, (he, or they fo offending in the premiffes, and being thereof convifted iu the manner

; herein mentioned, (hall forfeit for every fuch offence the fum of twenty (hillings ; to be recovered and applied as herein is mentioned.

VIII.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the time aforefaid it (hall and may be

ried	before lord lawful for any perfon, lawfully authorized to jdo the fame, in

he	the day time to feize and take every loaf of wheaten or

***	*	*	white bread, which (hall at any time or times be found not

v	marked, as herein before direfted, and to carry the fame

before the lord mayor, in cafe the fame be found within the city of Dublin or the liberties thereof, or before the fene-' fohals of faint Sepulchre’s, Thomas-court and Donore, or the liberties thereof rqfpeftively, in cafe the fame be found ^ in their% refpeclive jurifdiftions | and if the magiftrate, before wbom any fuch bread is brought, (hall find fuch bread not marked -according to the directions herein before men-tioned, then and, in every fuch cafe all fuch bread, not fo marked, fhall be forfeited ; and the fume fhall be given away to the perfon fazing and informing, or to and amonglt .	the poor of the parifh or place, in which the fame fhall have

heen fo feized, or in fuch other manner as the magiflrate who fhall adjudge thefame to be forfeited, (hail diredt.

Maa’flrjte* IX. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That miy enter place* ^ (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid magillrates far fale,exa- within their refpeftive jurifdiftfons at all times hereafter %a nnne, fuze ^ the day time to enter into any houfc, outhoufe, fhop, or fa '1 * 1A‘t ri,ori* other place belonging to any perfon who fhall make, or bake for fale, or who fhall fell any bread, aud there to ft arch and examine into the ingredients, w hich they fhall find any fuch perfon uiing in making bread, or which he •	'	huih

If not marked,

feized and car-

Digitized by

Google

The thirteenth ohdfourteenth Teats of George III.	163

Ifoth ufed in making bread, and to view, weigh, and try all bread, which /hall on any fuch fearch be found ; and if on fuch fearch, any dough or bread fhall be found, in which any fuch ingredients, not herein allowed to be ufed,

(hall be made ufe of, then and in every fuch cafe it lhall and may be lawful to and for fuch magiftrates refpcclively to feize fuch ingredients, dough, and bread, and to diipoie of the fame in fuch manner as they fhnll think ft, and alfo to commit the perfon or perions in whofe cuilodv they fhall find fuch ingredients, dough, or bread, to the common gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize fuch number of days, not exceeding twenty days, as fuch magistrates refpe&ively lhall according to their diferetion think lit to order and diredt.

X. And be it Cna&ed by tlm authority aforefaid, That ____________________

if any perfon orperfons lhall wilfully oppofe, refill, hinder, or fcarcii, *1. obllnid any fuch fearch as aforefaid, he, fhe, or they fo offending therein, and being thereof convicted in manner herein mentioned, lhall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of live pounds; to be recovered and applied in manner as is herein diredled.

Obftruiliag

•	XI. And be it enadfed by the authority aforefaid, That Market

from and after the time aforefaid, the clerk of the rtfpec- j't^tMr0 live markets, or fuch other perfon as lhall be authorized ur	^	t;r

appointed for the purpofc within the city of Dublin and the $.c. toid with liberties thereof, and the liberties of faint Sepulchre’s, Tho- the price*, und mas court, and Donore, lhall weekly return and certify upon *“•

oath to the loid mayor of the city ot Dublin, and the laid fcnefchals refpedlivcly, the quantity of wheat, and of hour, and meal of wheat, which lhall be fold each market day in the faid refpedlive markets, and the refpeclfve prices for which the fame fhall be fo fold ; in which certificate fha’l be expreffed the different forts of flour, whether foil, fecond.--, or thirds, and the prices for which the fame lhall be vcfpre-tivcly fold ; and that the laid lord mayor of the city of Dub-; lin, and the faid fenefchals refptctivcly, lhall from time to	‘	•

‘ time caufe entries to be made of fuch returns in books to	-

be by them refpedtivcly kept for the purpofe ; and to which all perfons at reafonable hours may have recourfe without paying any fee or reward for the fame.

XII.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That NcgYtf, or if any clerk of the faid markets, or other perfon who lhall	*1.

be legally authorized to make fuch certificates and returns, lhall wilfully negledt or omit to make fuch returns and cv.r-*- tilicates, or lhall knowingly make any falfe return or ceiri-j 6cate, every perfon fo offending lhall upon convi&ion thereof upon oath before the faid magillrates refpe&ively within

*	thrir refpedfive jurifdi&ions forfeit and pay for every fuch

L 2	offence

:

t

Digitized by LiOOQle

164

A. D.

1773-4-Chap. 47.

Dublin col-Ic&«>r to return import weekly.

And by merchants and factors the quantity import'd or lent to and io!d by them, on each diflin-guifhiug lpecica of flour and • prices, ice. ,

\Wck1y cn-tric< o return* and middie price.

The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George III. offence any film not exceeding the fum of five pounds, as fuch magiftrate, before whom fuch offender or offenders Avail he convicted, (hall think fit to order; which forfeiture fhall be applied in manner herein directed.

XILI. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the time aforefaid the collcdor of the port of Dublin fhall return every week to the lord mayor of the city of Dublin an account of the quantity of wheat, flour, and meal of wheat, imported each week into the port of Dublin, with the names of the refpedive perfons importing the fame.

XIV.	And be it enaded by the authority aforc&id. That from and after the time aforefaid every merchant, fador, or other perfon or perfons who fhall import any W'heat, flour, or meal of wheat, into the port of Dublin, or to whom any meal or flour fhall be configned or fent from any part of this kingdom, fhall return weekly to the lord mayor of the city of Dublin upon oath, or affirmation, if quakers, which oath or affirmation the faid lord mayor is hereby impowered and required to adminiflcr, an account' in writing of the refpedive quantities of wh?at, meal, and flour of wheat by them imported, or fent to them from any part of this kingdom in each week; and alfo an account of the quantity of wheat, meal, and flour of wheat,

.diftinguifhing the different fpecies of flour by them fold rcfpedively during fuch week, and at what prices refpec-tively; to which returns the refpedive merchants, fadors, or other 1 perfons making the fame, fhall fign their refpedive names, and the time of making the fame; and in cafe the faid lord mayor fhall fufped the truth of fuch returns, it lhail and may be lawful to and for the faid lord mayor to ' fummon fuch merchant, fador, or other perfon or perfons to attend before him, and to examine him or them touching the truth of fuch return upon oath, or being of the people called q.iakers upon affirmation, which oath or affirmation the faid lord mayor is hereby impowered to adminifler; and in cafe any fuch merchant, fador, or other perfon or perfons fhall make a falfe return, or fhall refufe or wilfully negled to make fuch return, or fhall hinder or obfliud the laicl lord mayor in making fuch fearch, he, fhe, or they fo offending therein, and being thereof convided in manner herein mentioned, fhall forfeit for every fuch offence the fum of five pounds; to be recovered and applied as herein mentioned.

XV.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefiid, That the laid loid mayor fnall caufe entries of all fuch returns, and alfo of the middle pi ice of wheat, having refped not only to the price of all wheat, meal, and flour of wheat, fold in the fold markets, but alfo of all wheat, meal, and

flour

Digitized by v^ooQle

The thirteenth andfourteenth Tears of George III, flour of wheat fold by the merchant, fa&or, or other per-fon importing the fame, or to whom the fame Hi all be lent fiom any part of this kingdom, to be made weekly, in books to be kept at the tholfel or market houfe for that purpofe, and to which all perfons at feafonable hours may have recourfe without paying any fee or reward for the fame.

XVI.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That the faid lord mayor and fenefchals fhall from time to time afeertain within their refpe&ive jurifdi&ions the aflize and weight of honfhold bread according to the table of aflize hereunto annexed, having refpedl to the middle price of wheat, and middle price of flour, and to make fuch allowance to the baker as they fhall think fit, not lefs than the fum of eleven (hillings for each quarter.

XVII.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That when any afiizes fhall be ftruck by the faid lord mayor and fenefchals within their refpe&ive jurifdi&ions purfuant to the directions of this a&, and fhall be publifhed, as is direded by an a& made in the firft year of his late Majcfty*s reign, entitled, yin ad for regulating the price and ajR%e of tread and the markets, every baker or feller of bread, who thafl ad contrary to the orders for fuch aflize fo ft ruck aqd publifhed as aforefaid, fhall upon eonvi&ion thereof, in the foamier in the faid ad mentioned, be fubjed to the like penalties; to be recovered and applied in the fame manner, as are inflided by the find ad upon perfons baking or felling of bread contrary to the diredions of the faid ad.

Aflize of houfthold by tabic annexed, rel'pcCting middle price of wheat and flour. Sec.

Bakers a&ing contrary to af-fize publifhed a* by i G. a. C. 16, fubjedl to penalties thcre-

XVIII. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid,	If bread raifed

That in cafe the lord mayor and fenefchals refpfcdivelv in by taking flour ftriking fuch aflize fhall find, that it will raife the price of	middle

bread to take flour into the aflize, then and in fuch cafe price of wheat they fhall refpedivelv ftrike the aflize upon the middle price only,

of wdieat only : but if they fhall find, that the pi ice of bread leflcned, on wiUl be leflened by taking flour into the aflize, then and in Amended io fuch cafe the aflize fhall be ftruck according to the middle &2oG. 3.0.21. price both of wheat and the medium price of all kinds of flour brought to the market taken together, and twenty eight (tone and a half of fuch flour fhall be deemed equal to a quarter of wheat.

XIX.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, Laws a# to I’hat the feveral laws now in force relative to the aflize of aflize repealed bread, fo Far only as the fame are inconfiftent with this pre- ®°ly far a®. feat act, be repealed \ and that in cafe any perfon fliall be

fiitd cr otherwife impeached for any thing done in execu-	*

tion df this a&, the defendant may plead the general ifliie, tfld give the fpecial matter in evidence; and if a verdict

- fhall

Digitized by

Google

Penalties and forfeitures fine otherwise provided recovered before lord tnayor, &c.

Profecmion in 3 months.

French roll* is ul'ual.

No fine on deficiency of a loaf on oath of equal weight with the reft when put in.

X O. t. c. 16.

and 29 G. 2. c. 11 as to price and fizcof bread, and of markets, altered and

The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George III.

(hall pafs for the defendant, or the plaintiff be non-fuited, or judgment (hall pafs for the defendant in fuch fuit, fuch defendant fhall recover treble cofls.

XX.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the feveral penalties and forfeitures herein before mentioned, except in fuch cafes as it is herein before otherwife provided, fhall be recovered upon convidion by the confeffion of the party, or by the oath, or (if the perfon be of the people called quakers) by the affirmation, of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, before the faid lord mayor, or the laid fenefchals within their refpedive jurifdidions, to be levied by way of diftrefs upon the goods and chatties of every fuch offender by warrant from the faid lord mayor or fene-’ fchals refpedivcly, before whom fuch conviction fhall be, returning the overplus; the faid forfeitures to be distributed amongft the poor, in fuch manner as the faid lord mayor or fenefchals refpedivcly fhall direct.

XXI.	Provided always, That no perfon fhall beprofecut-ed for any offence committed againft this ad, unlefs fuch profecution be commenced within three calendar months after fuch offence committed.

XXII.	Prpvided alfo, That hothing herein contained fhall be conftrued to prohibit the baking or felling of French rolls, in fuch manner as has been accufiomed*

XXIII.	Provided always. That if any loaf, after it has eothe out of the oven, fhall not be of the proper weight, and it fhall appear by the oath or oaths of any journeyman, or other credible witnefs or witneffes, before the lord mayor of the (aid city for the time being, the chief ma-giftrate or magiilrates, juflice or juflices of the peace, and iaid fenefchals, within their refpedive liberties, that fuch loaf was, at the time the fame was put into the oven, of equal weight with any other loaf of the fame kind of bread baked at the fame time and in the fame oven, and which fhall appear to have the due and proper weight, which fuch loaf ought to have, there fhall be no fine paid for the deficiency of fuch loaf, in cafe the fame fhall be good bread in t?vcry other refped 5 but the fame fhall and may be forfeited at the diferetion of the lord mayor, or chief magif-trate or magiflrates, juflice or juflices of the peace, and (aid fenefchals, within their refpedive liberties.

XXIV.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the faid recited ad, fo far as the fame is not hereby altered, and alfo one other ad made in the twenty ninth year of the reign of his late Majefty, entitled, An a8 for reviving and amending the fever/1 a Els therein mentioned, fo far as the faid ads relate to the regulating the price and the

. / 1

The thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of George III. fize of bread, and the better regulating the markets, except fuch parts thereof as are not hereby altered, and alfo this prefent a6fc, (hall be and continue in full force from the laid firll day of Augufl, one thoufand feven hundred and Seventy four for two years, and from thence to the end of the continued hy then nextvfeffion of Parliament, and no longer.	1	*

19 and 70 O. 3* c. i$. f. 1. id and 20 G. 3. c. ai. f. 3.

21 and 22 G. J* c. 40.

A TABLE

Digitized by v^ooQie

yXr thbfeentf]	OnAfourteenth Heat’s of George III.

B

E

Of the ASSISE of BREAD,

In Pounds, Ounces, and Drachms^ Avoirdu-poife Weight.

Note, The Ounce 14 divided into Eight Drachms.

Price of tie	
Quarter of Wheat.	
L s.	1/.
* 0	0
* O	6
I I	0
I I	6
I 2	0
I 2	6
1 3	0
9 3	6
* 4	0
* 4	6
< 5	0
* 5	6
1 6	0
I* 6	6
« 7	0
^ 7	6
1 8	0
I 8	6
1 V	0
1 9	6
I *o	0
1 10	6
t 11	0
1 11	6
1 12	0
* it	6
* *3	0
} *5	6

HOU8HOLD LOAF.

Penny.	4 Penny.	6 Penny.
lb. os. dr.	lb. oz. dr.	Ib. oz. dr.
2 5 1	942	*3 *4 4
ft 4 *	006	*3 9<>
ft 3 a	8 *3 »	13 3 7
* 2 4	8 ro 0	12 is 0
2 1 6	8 6 6	12 TO ft
210	832	la 5 6
202	8 r 0	12 1 4
I IS 4	7 14 2	** x3 *3
1 14 7	7**4	11 9 3
I (4 2	7 Q 2	>*5 5
* *3 5	706	if 20
* *3 *	742	10 14 4
1 12 4	720	10 u 0
1 12 0	700	10 7 0
1 11 4	6 ij 6	10 4 6
in 0	6 11 6	10 1 6
1 to 4	6 10 0	9 *4 7
1 10 0	680	9*21
1 9 f	662	9 9 4
: 11	644  626	967 9 4 3
182	6 1 2	9 * 7
1 7 7	5 *5 6	» *5 4
I 7 4	5 *4 2	8 13 2
1 7 1	5126	8 11 0
167	S 11 2	887
1 6 4	596	8 6 6
1 6 1	584	| < 6

12 Penny.

lb. oz. dr.

27 13 © 27 2 o 26 7 6 *5 140 25 4 4 24 11 4 24 3 ft 23 10 b 23 2 6 22 11 s 22 4 o 2* 13 O 21	6	o

20 I4 O 20 9 4

ao 3 4

*9 »3 ^ 1952

*9	3	o

1813	6

18 8 6 18	3	6

17 15 o 17 lo 4 176 a 17 1 6 16 3 4 t6 9 4

Digitized by

Google

|	HOOSHOLD	LOAF.

I £ennv.	A.	t^mnv,	A	P#nn«	itPcooy.

4 Penny, lb. oz. dr.

6 Peony lb. oz. dr.

lb. oz. dr.

5	7	ft	8	ft	7	16	*5	6
5	4	o	6	1	0	16	2	0
$	4	6	9	15	c	*5	14	ft
5	3	4	7	13	' 3	15 10		6
5	2	4	7	11	S	*5	7	a
5	1	ft	7	9	7	IS	3	6
$	O	ft	7	8	ft	>5	0	4
4	15	o	7	b	5	14 «s		2
4	>4	9	7	s	1	14 to		2
4	*3	O	7	3	4	14	7	0
4	12	o	7	ft	1	H	4	ft
4	11	o	7	0	5	14	1	2
4	IO	o	6	i5	ft	*3 U		4
.4	2	ft	6	<3	7	13 II		6
4	8	ft	8	ift	4	*3	9	0
4	7	4	6	It	ft	>3	0	4
4	6	4	6	10		>3	4	0
4	$	6	£	8	6	13	1	4
4	$	o	B  4	7	4	*2 15		0
4	4	ft		6	ft	12 12		4
4	3	ft	4	J	1	12	lo	2
4	2	4	4	4	0 .	12	8	0
4	I	6	6	ft	7	12	$	6
4	I	ft	4	t	4	12	3	4
4	o	4	6	0	4	12	1	4
3	»5	4	5 «S		5	11 15		4
3	15	0	5	*4	%	ll		0
3	*4	4	5 «3		S	11	it	2
3 13		6	5 ift		4	tl	9	2
3	13	•	5	it	4	11	7	4
3	it	4	5	IO	6	11	5	4
3	12	o	5	9	7	11	3	6
3	II	t	5	9	0	tl	ft	0
3	IO	6	5	8	1	11	0	2
3	IO	o	5	7	ft	IO 1ft		4
3	9	4	5	6	3	IO	12	6
3	9	o	5	5	4	IO	11	0
3	8  8	4	5	4	6	IO	9	4
3		o	5	4	0	IO	8	0
3	7	4	5	3	1	IO	6	2
3	7	0	5	2	3	IO	4	6
3	6	2	5	1	5	IO	3	2
3	5	6	5	0	7	to	1	6
3	5	4	$	0	1	IO	0	2
3	5	0	4 *5		4	9 i5		0
3	4	4	4 14		6	9	»3	4
3	4	o	4 *4		0	9	12	0
3	3	4	4 *3		3	9	IO	6
3	3	0	4	12	6	9	9	4
3	2	4	4	12	0	9	8	0
3	2	2	4	II	3	9	6	6
3	1	6	4	IO	6	9	5	4
3	I	2	4	10	0	9	4	0
3	1	o	4	9	4	9	3	0
3	0	4	4	8  8	7	9	1	6
3	o	2	4		2	9	0	4

Digitized by v^ooQle

Price of the	
Quarter of Wheat.	
/. /.	
3 *	0
3 a	6
3 3	0
3 3	6
3 4	0
3 4	6
3 5	0
3 S	6
3 6	0
3 6	6
3 7	0
3 Z	6
3 8	0
3 8	6
3 9	0
3 9	6
3 io	0
3 *o	6
3 II	0
3 *i	6
3 I*	0
3 I*	6
3 13	0
3 *3	6
3 14	0
3 14	6
3 15	0
3 *5	6
a 16	0
3 16	6
3 17	0
3 17	6
3 i*	0
3 18	6
3 19	0
3^19	6
4 0	0

HOUSHOLD LOAF.

Penny.			4 Penny.			1 6 Penny.		
lb. oz. dr.			lb. oz. dr.			lb. oz.		dr.
0	11	7	2	IS	6	4	7	6
0	11	*1	2	15	2	4	7	1
0	11	6	* IS		0	4	6	4
0	11	5	2	14	6	4	6	0
0	11	4	2	14	2	4	S	4
0	11	4	2	14	0	4	5	0
0	11	3	2	13	4	4	4	2
0	11	2	2	13	0	4	4	0
0	11	2	2	12	7	4	3	4
0	11	0	2	12	4	4	2	7
0	IT	0	2	12	0	4	2	2
0	II	0	2	II	7	4	I	7
0	IO	7	2	II	S	4	I	3
0	IO	7	2	II	2	4	O	7
0	10	6	2	11	0	4	O	4
0	IO	6	2	IO	S	4	O	0
0	IO	5	2	IO	3	3	15	4
0	IO	$	2	IO	0	3	IS	1
0	IO	4	2	9	6	3 14		S
0	IO	3	2	9	4	3	14	2
0	IO	3	2	9	1	3 *3		6
0	10	2	2	8  8	7	3 13		3
0	IO	2	2		5	3	12	7
0	10	f	2	8	3	3	12	4
0	IO	1	2	8	0	3 12		1
0	IO	0	2	7	6	3	II	6
0	9	7	2	7	4	3	II	2
O	9	7	2	7	2	3	II	0
0	9	6	2	7	0	3 10		4
0	9	6	2	6	6	3 10		1
0	9	5	2	6	4	3	9	6
0	9	4	2	6	2	3	9	3
0	9	4	2	6	0	3	9	0
0	9	3	2	5	6	3	8  8	S
0	9	3	2	S	4	3		2
0	9	3	2	5	2	3	8	0
0	9	2	2	5	0	3	7	5

12 Penny, lb. oz. dr.

8 IS * ‘4

I 13

8 12

8 ii

8 io 8 8 8 8

I’ 8 8 8 8 8 8

5 4 3 2 I I O

7 iS 7 i4 7 13 7 i» 7 I* 7 I© 9

7 o

A * ^

Th*

Digitized by boodle

The fifteenth andfixteenth Tears of George III.

The Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of GEORGE III. CHAP. It.

17* A. D.

jin Ad for granting Annuities in the Manner therein provided to fuch Perfons as Jhall voluntarily fubferibe towards the ratfing a Sum not exceeding the Sum of one hundred and feventy five thoufand Pounds.

WE your Majefty’s mod dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the commons of Ireland in Parliament aflembled, being highly fenlible of the ineflimable blefiings we enjoy under your Majelty’s mild and aufpicious reign, and defirous to the utmoft of our power to fupport your Majelly’s government with honour, do mod humbly befeech your .Ma-jedy, that as a further fupply to your Majedy a fum, not exceeding one hundred and feventy five thoufand pounds, (hall be raifed by granting life annuities, or intered, at the rate of fix pounds per annum, with benefit of furvivorfhip : and for that purpofe be it ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent Majedy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this pre-fent Parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, that if any perfon or perfons, his Majedy’s natural born fubje&s, or foreigners, {hall within the feveral times, and in manner herein after particularly mentioned, pay into his Majedy’s treafury in Ireland any fum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the faid fum of one hundred and feventy five thoufand pounds, to be fubferibed by them in fums of one hundred pounds each, there {hall be paid to fuch perfon or perfons fo paying or advancing the fame refpe&ively, their executors, adminidrators, or affigns, or to the perfon or perfons legally authorized by them to receive the fame, by the hands of the vice treafurer or vice treafurers, paymafter or receiver general, his or their deputy pr deputies, annuities of fix pounds per annum for each and every hundred pounds fo fubferibed and paid for and during the lives of the perfons to be nominated by the perfons fubferibing and paying the faid fum and fums refpec-tively, together with fuch additional intered as ihall accrue by furvivorlhip, in manner herein after provided; and that the faid annuities (hall commence from the twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy five, and fnall be paid half yearly in equal portions on every twenty fourth day of June and twenty fifth day of December in every year.

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That a fum of twenty pounds, part of each one hundred

1	pounds

A further fupply to raife 1750001. by life annuities or in-tereft at 61. per annum, with benefit of fur-vivor, and fubferibed in 100L each. Ac. as herein mentioned.

Suhfcriptioas paid into the treafury, Ac. as herein.

*Thcfifteenth andfifteenth Tears of George III. pounds To to be fubfcribcd, (hall be paid into the faid trea* fury on or before the firft day of February in the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy fix; and that a further fum of forty pounds per cent, thereof be paid on or before the firft day of May in the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy fix; and that the remaining fum of forty pounds per cent, to com pleat the payment of ttery fuch fubfcription of one hundred pounds, be paid on or before the twenty fourth day of June in the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy fix ; at or before which laft Mentioned time, all and every fobfcriber or fubfcribers, or the aflignee or aflignees of fuch fobfcriber or fubfcribers, having compleated the payment of the fum or fums fo fuhfcribed, (hall name or caufe to be named in manner herein after mentioned fuch perfon or perfons, as he, fhe, bt they .fiiall think proper, to be the perfon or perfons, for and during whofe life or lives the faid annuity or annuities tvith thfe faid benefit of furvivorlhip (hall be refpe&ively paid; and that every fubfcriber may fubfcribe and pay as many fums of one hundred pounds each, as he or (he (hall •*nr:my rocl. think fit; and that nil and every perfon and perfons fub-ascach;h ok.'fit, feribing and paying as aforefaid, his, her, or their aflignee

ojmt i or Qr a|pgrne^s may natne to the vice treafurer or vice treafa-mnre lives, fo as	6 n J	.	«	.	.	.	.	.

no more ttun i	paymafter or tfccetVet general, his or their deputy or

ftr each loci,	deputies for the time being, one or more life or lives, at

®rC*	hi:;, her, or tlieir diferetion, for the fum or fums fo fub-

fcril>ed and paid, fo as no more lives than one be named for each diftinA fum of one hundred pounds fo fuhfcribed and paid ; and every perfon fo fubferibing and paying, his, her, or their affignee or aflignees, or the executors, admi-hiflrators, or affigns of fuch fubfcriber or fubfcribers, his, heV, or their aflignee or aflignees, a3 the cafe may be, fhaAl receive fuch annuity or intereft as aforefaid, together with fuch benefit of ftirvivorfhip as is herein after provided, for every hundred pounds fubferibed and paid as aforefaid, during the life fo named for every fuch fum of one hundred pounds refpe&ively; and that every fuch fubfcriber, his or her aflignee or affignees, may name one and the fame life For fo many of fuch feveral and diftinft fums of one hundred pounds each fo fubferibed and paid, as fnch fubfcriber, nominee* di- his or her aflignee or aflignees, (hall think fit; and that the vi.Ud in 3	feveral nominees in the faid life annuities (hall be divided

<fcdTe»,	by the vice treafurer or vice treafurers, paymafter or receiver

general, his or their deputy and deputies into three feparate clafies; the fiift clafs to confift of perfons of the age of forty years and upwards; the fecond claf3 to confift of perfons of the age of twenty years and upwards, but under forty ; and the third clafs to confift of perfons under the age of twenty years; and that the entire iatcreft of the

entire

Digitized by v^ooQle

Thefifteenth end JtxUeitfh Tears of George HI. entire fum fo to be advanced by perfons fubferibing in any of the faid clafles, his, her, or their aflignee or aflignees, computing fuch intereft at the rate of fix pounds by thf hundred by the year, (hall go to and be divided among the perfons fo fubferibing, his, her, or their aflignee or afjig- imcr*ftdi-nces, in proportion to the fums fo fubferibed and paid, as v.ldcJ pfopor-the nominees in fuch clafs (hall die; and the entire intereft * j°° of the fura advanced (hall be paid to the fubferiber, his or in each clafc her aflignee or aflignees, whofe nominee Shall be the furvi- die, Ac. vor of the nominees of each clafs, during the life of fuch furviving npminee; and that in order to avoid fra&ional diviiions, and the expence and difficulty o£ keeping long and intricate accounts, no distribution of any fum or fums, fo accruing by furvivorffiip in any of the faid clafles, (hall be made to the fubferibers, or the aflignee or aflignees of fuch fubferibers in any fuch clafs, until fuch fum or fums fo accrued by the fall of lives in fuch clafs Shall be fufficient to pay ap additional intereft of one half per cent, to the feverad perfons, who fhall be then entitled to receive the fame; and that every fubferiber, his or her aflignee or aflignees, who Shall not compleat his or her fubfeription within the times and in the manner aforefaid, Shall forfeit the fum or fums by fuch fubferiber, his or her aflignee or aiflgnees advanced, and the fame Shall he applied to the credit of the nation; and that if any fubferiber or fubferibers, or the aflignee or aflignees of any fubferiber or fubferibers.

Shall die, before he, She, or they Shall have compleated the payment of the fum or fums fo fubferibed by him, her, or them refpe&ively as aforefaid, the executors, adminiftrators, or afiigns of fuch fubferiber or fubferibers, or of fuch aflignee or aflignees, may compleat the payment within the time aforefaid.

III.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- Payment* cn-faid, That in the office of the vice treafurer or vice treafu- *cr°din u**‘ rers, paymafter or receiver general, his or their deputy or *ury* deputies, there be provided and kept one or more book or books, in which Shall be fairly entered the nantes of all, who Shall be fubferibers, and of all perfons by whofe hands the faid fubferibers fhall pay in auy of the laid fums, and alfo of the feveral fums fo paid, and the time when the fame are refpe&ively paid; the faid entry to be made upon payment of the faid fums; and alfo in the faid books there anj nominee* Shall be entered the feveral nominees, and the ages of fuch and their age*, nominees, for whofe lives refpedlively the faid anuuities fliall infpefted with-be payable, at the times when the fame Shall be nominated out cc’ ^ as aforefaid; to which books it Shall be lawful for the re-fpe&ive fubferibers, their executors, ’administrators, and afligns from time to time, and at all feafonable hours, to have refort, and to infpeft the fame without fee or reward;

3	and

Digitized by booQle

m

A. D.

1775-6. Chap. 2.

Afiignable totic*, by deed or will.

’ not revoke-able*# entry made, and affidavit of due execution produced, &c.

Thefifteenth andfixteenth Tears of George lit. and the faid feveral fubferibers, or the aflignee or aflignees of fuch fubfenbers, who (hall have compleated the payment of the fums fubferibed, as the cafe (hall happen, and the faid nominees, fhall be described in the faid books by their names and fimames, additions, places of abode, and fuch other deferiptions as fhall belt afeertain the perfons; and every fubferiber, his or her aflignee or aflignees, upon com-pleating the payment of the fum of one or more hundred pounds, as the cafe fhall happen, fhall immediately receive from the officer and officers of his Majefty’s treafury one or more debenture or debentures, in which fhall be mentioned and exprefled the name and firname, addition, place of abode, age, and other deferiptions of the nominee or nominees, and alfo the receipt of the confideration money for which fuch fubferiber, his, or her aflignee or aflignees, (hall receive one or more annuity or annuities with fuch benefit of furvivorfhip as aforefaid, during the life or lives of fuch nominee or nominees, whether fuch nominee be the fubferiber or any other perfon.

IV.	And be it further cna&ed by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful for any perfon or perfons intitled to fuch annuity or annuities as aforefaid, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or aligns, at any time during the life or lives of his, her, or their re-fpe&ive nominee or nominees by any writing under hand and feal, or by his, her, or their laft will in writing, to aflign or devife any one or more fuch (hare or (hares as aforefaid, payable during the life or lives of fuch nominee or nominees refpe&ively, as the cafe may be, to any perfon or perfons, and fo toties quoties; and no fuch alignment to be revokeable, fo as an entry or memorandum of fuch alignment or will be made in books to be kept for that purpofe in the office aforefaid, within the fpace of two months after fuch alignment or death of the devifor; and that upon producing fuch alignment or the probate of fuch will in the office aforefaid, to be entered as aforefaid, the party fo producing fuch alignment fhall bring therewith an affidavit, taken before fome perfon authorized to take affidavits in caufes depending in any of the courts at the rity of Dublin, or, in cafe the party aligning fhall not rcfide in Ireland, before any perfon duly authorized to take the oath of the party, of the due execution of the faid alignment; which affidavits fhall be feverally filed irr the faid office; wrhich faid entry or memorandum the faid officers of his Majeily’s treafury are hereby required to make accordingly, and to file the faid affidavits; and in default of fuch alignment or devife the interefl of the perfon or perfons intitled to fuch arinuity or annuities fliall go to his, her, or their executors and admini-

*	ill a	Lora

Digitized by

Google

The fifteenth andfixteentb Tears of George III.	j	75

ftrators for the life of fuch nominee or nonfiqees as the cafe A. D. may be.	1775-6.

V.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, ' Chap. 2.

That it (hall and may be lawful for any guardian or truftee, v v—

having the difpofal of the money of any infant under the Guardian age of twenty one years for the ufe and benefit of fuch in-

font, to advance and pay with the approbation of the lord %l mZj with chancellor, lord keeper, or keepers of the great feal for the lord chancellor’s time being for the purpofes aforefaid the fum of one or more approbation hundred pounds of the money of fuch infant, and thereupon i^fant^’ho at fuch time and in fuch manner, as is herein before appoint- ^au fubferi-ed for the naming of lives, to name the faid infant to be a ber. nominee; and fuch infant upon payment of the faid fum or fums fhall become a fubferiber within the meaning of this aft, and be intitled to have and receive, during his or her life an annuity with benefit of furvivorfhip in fuch manner and proportion as any other fubferiber; and the faid guardian or truftee, as to the faid fum or fums fo advanced, is hereby difchai ged, and (hall be accountable only to the faid infant for fuch annuity or annual interell, as he (hall receive under this aft.

VI.	And to the intent and purpofe that all deceit in re- Certificate of ceiving any annuity or annuities as aforefaid maybe prevent- life of nominee ed, and that the advantage of furvivorfhip may be fairly had, produced, if de-

be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That all sanded, figned

.	r	'	r	•	•	y i 1 r \	•	by mimfter or

and every perton or perions intitled to luch annuity or an- curatc as herc-

nuities as aforefaid, upon their demanding any half yearly in. payment of his, her, or their refpeftive annuities, unlefs the nominee appear in perfon at the time of demanding fuch annuity, (hall whenever the vice treafurer or vice treafurers, paymafter or receiver general, his or their deputy or deputies, (hall think proper to demand the fame, produce a certificate of the life of his, her, or their refpeftive nominee, ligned by the minifter, or in his abfence by the curate of the parifh where fuch nominee (hall be then living, upon the day when the faid half yearly payment (hall become due, if fuch nominee (hall be then refiding in the kingdom of Ireland; which certificate the faid minifter or curate is hereby required to make without fee or reward ; and the faid certificate (hall be filed in the faid office of t he vice treafurer or vice treafurers, paymafter, or receiver general, or his or their deputy or deputies, who are hereby authorized and required, whenever he or they (hall find it neceflary, to examine upon oath, which oath he or they are hereby impowered to admi-niftcr to any perfon intitled to an annuity, or any other perfon whatfoever, touching the exiftence of any nominee or nominees.

\ II. And be ii further enafted by the authority aforefaid.	If beyond fea.

That in cafe any nominee (hall at the time of fuch demand a b?.reirs ceni-*	ficate that on

17$

a. n.

*775*$*

Chap. i.

fummaiy proof he probably it living, warrant for payment.

On t yean

ncglcd to demand forfeited.

Half year

accounts of nominee's deaths. Sec.

On demand knowing the _ life expired, treble to fub-feribers in fame ciais fuing.

Payment after nominee's death repaid for futUcnbers in the daft.

Tbf jfeeatb md fodmlt Tu*f* of George III. be refident beyond the fcas, and any one or more of the barons of the exchequer for the time being (hall certify, that upon proof to him or them made, which proof he and they is and are hereby authorized and required to take in a luminary way, it doth feem probable to him or them* that the (aid nominee is living, which certificate is to be gives, and examination made, without any fee or charge, the (aid certificate being filed as aforefaid, (hall be a fufficient warrant for payment of the (aid annuity or annuities half yearly to the perfons fo refjpe&ivcly intitled to the fame.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore, faid, That in cafe any perfon, who by the intent of this a<$ (hall be iotitled to receive any annuity or annuities as aforefaid, (hall negle& to demand the fame in manner aforefaid for the fpacc of three years,. he or (he (hall for ever lofe and forfeit the (ame, as if his or her refpe&ive nominee had been dead at the commencement of the faid three years.

IX.	And to the intent that it may appear upon every half yearly payment, unto and amongft what perfons, and in what proportions, the faid annuities are to be diftributed, be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That in the faid office every half year, within twenty days before the refpc&ivc days of payment there (hall be made up an account of the feveral nominees, wfhofe deaths are come to knowledge, and of the feveral perfons intitled to fuch annuities, who (hall have made default in making demand ay aforefaid.

X.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon (hall demand payment of any fum for any life not in being, knowing the lame to be expired, the perfon making fuch demand (hall upon proof thereof forfeit treble the fum fo demanded to any of the remaining perfons intitled to annuities in the fame clafs, who will fue for the fame, to be recovered by alt ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Mo lly’s courts of record at Dublin, in which no efloigii, piote&ion, wager of law, or any more than one imparlance (hall be allowed ; and that ia every fuit for recovery of the faid fum the proof of the exigence of fuch life at the time of fuch demand fliall lie upon the perfon fo demanding the fame as aforefaid.

XI.	And be it further ena&rd by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon (hall receive one or more half yearly payment or payments of the faid annuity or annuities after the death of any nominee or nominees, for whofe life or lives fuch annuity or annuities was or were payable, it (hall be lawful for any perfon, intitled to an annuity in the clafs in which fuch nominee was named, to require the fame to be repaid into the office of the vice treafurer or vice trea-lurcrs, pay mailer or receiver general, his or their deputy or

deputies,

Digitized by LjOOQle

The fifteenth andfixteenth Tears bf George III. deputies, for the benefit of the perfcm* intitled to annuities rt fuch clafs, and in csrfe of refafal or neglell to repay tHb fame within one month after fnch demand, fuch pcifon fo fefufing or neglelttng (hall forfeit treble the fum fo received, to be recovered by a&ton of debt, bill, plaint* or information in afty of his Majefty’s courts of record at the city of Dublin in the name of the perfon, who (hall have made fuch demand as aforefaid, in which alliop no effoign, pro-tcHkm, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed; and upon the trial of the faid &6tion the proof that the nominee or nominees were living at the time fuch payment or payments fo required to be repaid became due and payable as aforefaid, (hall be on the perfon, to whom or for whofe benefit the faid annuity was fo paid.

XII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That all and every perfon and perfons intitled to fuch annuity	*d

or annuities within one month next after notice of the lu a month after death of his, her, or their refpe&ive nominee or nominees notice.

(hall certify fuch death to the vice treafurer or vice treafu-rers, paymafter or receiver general, his Or their deputy or deputies for the time being, and (hall alfo within three ■ fnontha after fuch notice deliver or caufe to be delivered up to the faid vice treafurer or vice treafurers, paymafter or receiver general, his of their deputy or deputies, the debenture or debentures, by which he, (he, or they was or ..were intitled during the life or lives bf fuch'nominee or nominees to receive any annuity or annuities as aforefaid in cafe fuch debenture or debentures be in his, her, or their hands or power ; and in default thereof (hall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds, to be recovered by allion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in manner as aforefaid, and to be paid and received to the ufe of any perfon who (hall fue for the fame.

XIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, for the better encouraging perfons to advance the faid

fiuki, not exceeding one hundred arid feventy five thoufand t	fce at

pounds upon the terms aforefaid. That all receipts and if-	*'

fues, and all other things directed by this alt to be performed in the office of the vice treafurer or vice treafurers, paymafter or receiver general, his or their deputy or de- , puties, (hall be done and performed by the officers there without demanding or receiving direftly or indireHly any fee, gratuity, or reward for the fame.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the . No penalty

authority aforefaid, That in cafe the vice treafurer or vice on paying on

treafurers, paymafter or receiver general, his or their depu-	or	faife

, K 1 « „	,	*	^	c	.	1	certificate,	or

ty or deputies, (hall make payment of any annuity or an- noraince ^

nuities as aforefaid upon fuch certificate, as is before direH- jng dead, un-

id, fuch officer (hall not incur any penalty, forfeiture, or kf* knowing.

difabiHty, ‘or be liable to any allion for doing thereof,

though the faid certificate be forged or falfc, or the faid

Vol. VI,	M,	nominee

. .digitized' by

C x e

178	Thefifteenth andfixteenth Years of George III.

A. D. nominee be dead, unlefs the faid officer did know at the 1775-6.	time of fiich payment, that the faid nominee	was dead, or

Chap. 2.	that the faid certificate was forged or falfe.

\>^**~>r**+*J XV. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-Oath by fub- faid. That all and every perfon and perfons refiding in the forc'uominat-0" kingdom Inland, who fhall fubferibe one or more bun-dred pounds towards raifing the faid fum, not exceeding one hundred and feventy-fiye thoufand pounds, his, her, or their affignee or affignees, (hall, at or before the time of the nominating the life or lives, during which he, (he, or they fhall be intitled to receive fuch annual interdt with benefit of fui vivoifhip as aforefuid, make oath, or being a quaker, foie mn affirmation, befoie fome juflice of the peace of the county, or county of the city, or county of the town, where fuch perfon or perfons fo nominating fhall reiidc, to tlie following efleft:

as to perfon,

abode,

and age.

I A. B. do /wear, that to the heft of my belief C. D. of the parijh of	in	the	county of

or county of the city, or county of the town of (as the cafe fhall be) fon or daughter, or reputedfon or daughter, of	now	living	or lately living in the

pari/h of	in	the	county	of

or county of the city9 or county of the town of the perfon nominated, is under the age of twenty years 9 or is of the age of twenty and under the age of forty years, or is of the age of forty years and upwards, as the cafe fhall be.

Oath cf age, where lub-feriittr name* hib own life;

oath attcflcd by two,

And if any perfon intitled as aforefaid fhall nominate his or her own life, fuch perfon fhall make oath or folemn affirmation before any juilice of the peace of the county, or county of the city, or county of the town, where fuch perfon fhall refide, to the effect aforefaid, concerning his or her age refpe&ively; which oath or affirmation, attefled by two or more credible witnefTcs, fhall be delivered to the vice treasurer or v’ce treafurers, pay mafler or receiver general, ^iis or their deputy of deputies for the time being, to be by him or them filed in the office of the faid vice treafurer or vice treafurers, paymafler or receiver general, his or their deputy or deputies, before any debenture or debentures fliall be iffued to fuch perfon or perfons; and if any perfon or perfons fo intitled as aforefaid, fhall not be relident within this kingdom, an affidavit to the like effect to be made before the principal magiflrate or magiflrates of the place, where the perfons fo making the fame refide, and to be at tell ed by two or more credible witneiTes, fhall be delivered to the faid vice treafurer or vice treafurers, pay-mailer or receiver general, his or their deputy or deputies for the time being, to be by him or them filed in the faid vice treafurer or vice treafurers office, before any debenture ci debentures fliall be iffued 10 fuch perfon or perfons.

XVI. And



*Thefifteenth andfixteenth Tears of George 111.	179

XVI.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore- A. P. laid. That the furplus or exceedings of the aids and duties 1775-6. granted to his Majefty by an aft paffed in this fefiion, enti- Chap. 2. tied, An a3 fot granting unto his Majefiy the fcvcral dutiss, <—

rates y smpofitiqnsy and taxes therein particularly expreffed, to Surphu duties

he applied to pay an inter ell at the rate of four pounds per cent. f\ ' aPP*:t* rr - rrJ,	.	.	r	,	r	r-	,	:o fold armui-

per ann. for fucb part of the feveral principal juris formerly t-

borrowed, as Jball remain unpaid on the twenty fifth day of

December one thoufand feven hundred and feventyfive, and

for fveh other purpofes as are therein mentioned, over and

above what fhall be fufficient to difeharge the interefl and

annuities therein provided for, or fo much of fuch furplus

or exceedings as fhall be for that purpofe neceflary, (hall

be applied to the payment of the feveral annuities to be

granted to the feveral fubferibers, or their affignees, who

(hall advance the faid fum, not exceeding one hundred and

feventy-five thoufand pounds, or any part thereof as afore-

faid; and that the refidue of fuch furplus be applied in fuch

manner, as is herein after direfted.

XVII.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore-

faid. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the lord Chief ^over-lieutenant, or other chief governor or chief governors of perfunctory0* this kingdom for the time being, from time to time to jn London, appoint one or more perfon or perfons to pay in the city of London the annuities granted by this aft, according to the rate that money is current for in Ireland, for fuch fums as fhall be fubfenbed, and for which the perfon intitled to receive faid annuity, fhall at the time of compleating his fubfeription, declare his intention of receiving his faid annuity in the city of London 5 which faid annuities fhall be paid without any deduftion, abatement, or charge whatfo-ever, either for exchange or otherwife.

XVIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore- Vice treafurers faid, That the vice treafurer or vice treafurers, pay mailer or to remit to^ receiver general, his or their deputy or deputies, fhall from cnt^oTpunjiual time to time out of the duties, rates, impolitions, and taxes, payment, granted for the payment among other things'of the faid

annuities, remit to the perfon or perfons, fo appointed as aforefaid, fums of money fufficient for the punftual and regular payment of the faid annnitics in the city of London ... at the times herein before appointed for the payment thereof, without any charge, deduftion, or abatement whatfoever.

XIX.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore- Expencc of faid. That whatever expences fhall be incurred by fending remitting

or remitting from time to time the faid feveral annuities charged ou faid from this kingdom to the city of London, and the pay- ciutic** meat of the fame there,. fhall be charged upon the faid duties, rates, impofitions and taxes 5 and whatever profit fhall be made in the way of exchange by remitting the faid fums, or any cf them, fhall be brought to the credit of the nation.

M 2	XX.	And

Digitized by Google

The fifteenth andfixteenth Teari of George IIL XX- And be it further enafted by the authority aftwe-faid, That the perfon or perfons, fo to be appointed as aforefaid, may, whenever he or they (hall think proper to demand the fame, require from the perfon or perfons loti-tied to receive the laid annuity or annuities in the city of London, unlefs the nominee appear in perfon at the time of of oomintCl, life, demanding the annuity, fuch certificate of the life of his, her, or their refpeftive nominee, figned hy the rainifter, or in his abfence by the curate of the parifh, where fuch nominee (hall be living, on the day when the half yearly payment (hall have become due, in like manner as the vice trea-furer or vice trea hirers, pay mailer or iccciver general, his or their deputy or d<^mties, may do in cafes, where the nominee (hall reiide in the kingdom of Ireland; and the laid perfon or perfons, fo to be appointed as aforefaid, (hall from time to time by all ways and means in his or their power examine touching the exigence, and ufe his or their bed endeavours to di(cover the deaths of any of the nominee of the perfon or perfons fo entitled as a/brefcid, and (hall immediately after filch difeovery, communicate the fame to ‘ the office of his Majefty’s treafury in this kingdom*

And once a XXL And be it further enabled by the authority afore-sccount!llni*t	^at	fuch	perfon	or	perfons,	fo	to	be appointed as

aforefaid, fhall once in every year tranfmit to the office of your Majefty’s treafury in this kingdom an account of all fuch annuities, as he or they (hall pay in purfuance of this aft, diftinguifhing the refpeftive times of payment, and the perfons to whom tile fame have been paid.

Fee* on find XXII. And be it further enafted by the authority afore-fum accounted faid, That neither the fix pence per pound, nor any other ft**	fee, (hall be payable to, or be dedufted or received by the

vice tieafurer or vice treafurers, receiver or paymaftcr general, clerk of the.pells, or any other officer or officers of this kingdom, for their own ufe for or on account of the faid fum of one hundred and feventy-five thouiand pounds, .	to be raifed by life annuities with benefit of furvivorfhip as

aforefaid, or for or on account of the payment of any of the (aid annuities; but that all fttch fees, as fhall arife upon the iffiiing of the faid fum of one hundred and feventyive " thoufaiul pounds, or any part thereof, or upon any payment to be made thereout, (hall be received and duly accounted for and paid to his Majeily, his heiis and fqccefTors. fluapliw duties XXI11. Provided always, and be it further enafted by by 13 & i4 G, the authority aforefaid, That if the furplus or exceeding of 3* c. a. Sc 15 & the duties, granted in the laft feiiion of Parliament by an t6 G. 3. c. 1	entitled,	rf/i	ad	for	granting	unto	Ins	Mtijefi, the froercl

a mourning 0^1 (/n/jtSy ra/CSy impo/itions and taxes therein particularly exprefied^ or 24 June, or tv lx applied to pay an interefi at the rate of four pounds per 23 Dec. 177 centum pci annum, for fuch part of* the federal principal fams

formerly

Appointee# «J*y icquiic nke certificate

Digitized by Google

y'he fifteenth and fixtteath Yctori of Gcofge III.	I	Si

formerly borrowed, at fhaU remain unpaid on the twenty fifth A. D. day of December one thoufand /even hundred and feventy three9	1775-6.

and to apply the furplus of the /aid dutiee in- fitch manner and Chap. 2. for fitch purpofis, as fhalt be dsreQed by Parliament ; or v granted by an a& palled in this prefent fefiion, entitled* *1u or 1777, to ad for granting to hit Majfiy the fevered duties, rates, im» fo»oook loan, poftions, and taxes therein particularly expreffed, to be applied &€*

/o an interejl at the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, for fitch part of the fevered principal fitms formerly borrowed, as Jball remain unpaid on the twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy five, and for fuch other purpofis at are therein mentioned, remaining in the hands of the vice treafurer or vice treafurers, receiver or paymaftef general, his or their deputy dr deputies, aftier payment of the feveral films appointed to be paid by this or the faid recited ads, or any other ad now in force in this kingdom, (hall on the twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy five, or any twenty fourth day of June, or twenty fifth day of December, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy fix, or one thouiafKl feven hundred and feventy feven, amount to the fum of ten thoufand pounds or more over and above all in-tereft, annuities, and charges, payable thereout at faid time, that the vice treafurer or vice treafurers, receiver or pay-rnafter general, his or their deputy or deputies, fhaU as of* ten as fuch furplus fhaU fo happen, purchafe loan debenture* therewith, as foon as, and from time to time, whenever they can be procured at or under par, until the whole of fuch furplus (hall be expended therein.

XXIV. for rendering the purchafe of debenture* ps aforefaid more eafy, be it ena&ed by the authority afore- offnch Airprus”1 faid. That die vice treafurer or vice treafurers, receiver of and for fale of paymafter general, his or their deputy or deputies, (UaU% debentures in whenever fuch furplus ffiall fo happen, advertife in one or t% ^ more of the pubiick news papers the amount thereof, and for all perfons dtfirous of felling debentures to apply and fignify the number of the debenti*rcj the name 0/ the pre-fent owner, and the value for which it will be fold at the , treafury on a day not more than twelve days diflant, to be mentioned in faid advertisement; and in cafe on faid day	*	1

there (hall not be application iufficient to exhauifc the whole 4 • of (aid furplus, then that they or he (hall again advertife iu like manner, and fa to continue to do from time to time for applications to be made on fome one day in every fucy cefiive week, while any part of the faid furplus (hall remain; and on each of faid days fo mentioned the vice treafurer or vice treafurers, receiver or paymailer general, his or their deputy or deputies, (hall then and there proceed to purchafe

i8a

A. D. 1775-6.

The fifteenth and fixteenth Tears of George III. the debentures, that (hall be offered at or under par, until the whole of fuch furplus be expended; always purchafing firft thofe which (hall be offered for the fmaller value j and the laid vice treafurer or vice treafurers, receiver or paymafler general, his or their deputy or deputies are required to cancel immediately every debenture fo purchased 5 and that the refidue of any furplus, which (hall remain in the hand* of the vice treafurer unapplied as before direfted, (hall be difpofed of in fuch manner, as (hall hereafter be appointed by Parliament.

CHAP. VI.

An Ad to explain and amend an A3 pqffed the left Sejfwns of Parliament, entitled, An A8 for amending the Road from Dundalk to Dunleer ip the County of Louth.

tj tnd *4

6. 3 c. 30.

*j Truftes* may ere<ffc other turnpike* from Dunleer to Dundalk.

‘TT7rHEREAS by an aft paffed in the laft feflions of ” Parliament for amending the road from Dundalk to Dunleer in the county of Louth, the truftees mentioned in faid aft are not permitted to receive tolls from perfons tra* veiling on faid road, except at fuch gate as (hall be erefted by their order between the white houfe of Lurgan Green and the road from Lurgan Green tp Ardee, through the commons of DrumiOcin by the lands of White Rath, and from thence to the great road from Ardee to Dundalk, by which means many perfons travelling from Dundalk to Dunleer pafB through fajd commons of Drumiikin without paying toll at faid gate, to the very great diminution of the tolls neceffary for the repair of faid road: therefore be it enafted by the King’s moil excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament aflcmbled, and by the authority of the fame. That for amending the road from. the houfe of Matthew Caffidy in the bridge ward of Dundalk to the town of Dunleer aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful for the truftees mentioned in faid aft, or any feven or more of them (from the pafling of this aft) to authorize fuch perfon or perfons, as they (hall appoint, to ereft one or more gate x>r gates, turnpike or turnpikes, in, upon, or acrofg any part or parts of the faid road from Dundalk to Dunleer, between the road leading from laid turnpike road to the houfe formerly inhabited by Mr. James Matthews de-ceefed in Haggdrdftown and the faid white houfe of Lurgan Green, and alfo a toll houfe or toll houfes, and there to demand, receive, and take the tolls and duties, which the faid truftees are empowered to take by the (kid aft at the gate now erefted uppn faid rpad during the term mentioned in faid aft.

CHAP.

Digitized by v^ooQle

Thefifteenth andjixteenth Tears of George III.	183

A. D.

CHAP. XI.	1775-6.

jin AQ to explain and amend an AS made in the eleventh Tear of the Reign of his frefent Majefiy, entitled. An Ad to enable the Speaker of the Houfe of Commons to ijfue his Warrants to make out new Writs for the Choice of Members, to fen* in Parliament in the Room of fuch Members, as Jhall Ate during the Recefs of Parliament, and for enabling the Speaker of the Houfe of Commons to make out new Writs for the Choice of Members to feme in Parliament in the Room of fuch Members, as Jhall during the Recefs of Parliament become Peers of Ireland, and U fummoned to Parliament.

*YT^HEREAS by by an aft paflld in the eleventh year t r G. j.c, * * of the reign of hisprefent Majefiy, entitled, (An alt 10. recited, to enable the fpeaker of the houfe of commons to ijfue his warrants to make out new writs for the choice of members to ferve in Parliament in the room of fuch members as Jhall die during the recefs of Parliament%) the fpeaker of the* houfe of commons is required to iffue his warrant to the clerk of the crown tq make out new writs in the room of members who die dur-ring a recefs of Parliament for more than twenty days, whether by prorogation or adjournment, the deaths of fuch members having been certified in writing to him under the hands of two members of the houfe of commons, and fourteen days notice being firfl given by the fpeaker of the houfe of commons thereof, and of his intentions to iffue fuch warrants, by inferting fuch notice in the Dublin Gazette : and whereas inconveniences might arife, if fuch notice Ihould be inferted in the Dublin Gazette, and fuch warrant (hould be iffued by the fpeaker of the houfe of commons, in the cafe of the death of a member which (hall not be certified to the fpeaker of the houfe of com metis fo long before the adual meeting of the houfe of commons , for the difpatch of bufinefs, as that the faid notice may be inferted, and the fourteen days expired, before the faid meeting of the houfe of commons, t.r in the cafe of the-death of a member, againft whofe e led ion or return a petition had been prefented to the houfe of commons, and was depending at the time of fuch prorogation or adjournment : for preventing the fame be it enaded by the King’s moll excellent Majefiy by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fafrse, that nothing in the faid ad contained extends, orfhall be conftrued to extend, to require the fjpeaker of the houfe of commons to infert notice in the Dublin Gazette*, or iffue his warrant to make out a new wilt iq the room of any mem-

*	ber

Digitized by L-ooQle

SjvaVcr

luring rtcefs Vvc 20 flays H»al 1 flufc war* *nt* for new vrits. Sec.

Lilce notice and regulations as where members die during receft.

Thefifteenth andfixteenth Years of George JIL ber deceafed, whofe death (hall not be duly certified to the fpeaker of the houfe of commons fo long before the adual meeting of the houfe of commons for the difpatch of bufi-nefs, as that the fpeaker of the houfe of commons may fie able to infert notice thereof, and of his intention to iQue fuch warrant, fourteen days at the leaft before fuch meet* jng of the houfe of commons, or for the eJc&ioo of a member to ferve in Parliament for ^ny county, city, borough or place in the room of any member deceafecj, again# whpfe elcdtion or return for fuch county, city, borough, or place, a petition had been prefented to tl^e houfe of commons, gnd was actually depending at the time of fuch prorogation or adjournment,

II.	And whereas it would tend fHll farther to promote the purpofes of the faid a&, and to prevent thofe inconvo* nienciet and diforders which may be occasioned for want of piore fptedy ek&icps of members of the houfe of com* fhons, if the provifions of the faid a£t were extended to the pafes of members, who (hall become peers of Ireland: be it , cna&ed by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the end of this prefeqt feffion of Parliament it (hall and may be lawful for the fpeaker of the houfe of commons for the time being during the reeds of parliament for more than twenty days, whether by prorogation or adjournment, and be is hereby required, to iffuc his yvrants to the clerk of the crown to make opt new writs for ele&ing members of the houfe of commons in the room of fuch members, as (hall during fuch recefe become peers of Ireland, as fopp as h* {hall receive notice by a certificate under the hauds of two. members of the houfe of commons, that a writ of fum* mons hath been iffued under the great fcal of Ireland to fummon the faid members of Parliament,

III.	Provided that after the receipt of fuch certificate the like notice in the Publin Gazette (hall be given by the fpeaker, as is required in the cafe of members deceafed { and fuch notice and warrant (hall be fubje& and liable to the fame exceptions and regulations as are required by the faid a& and by this prefent a& in the cafe of notices to given, and warrants to be DTued in the room of member^ dying during a recefs.

CHAP,

Digitized by

Google

Thefrftvntb rndfatmth Tears if GftXft IJ1,	if	j

A- D,

CHAP. XU.	1775-&

4m 4$ fir aktnug and amending an Ad faffed in tie twenty fifth T$ar of the Reign of hie late Mqejty King George tie fecondj entitled, AnAd for making and repairing the Road leading from the Town of Athy in the County of Kildare through Part of the fyeen’f- County, and through the Town of Caftlecomer in the County of Kilkenny, to the Town of Old Leighton in the County (f Carlow, ami from thence to and through the town of Leigldin-hndge m the /aid County of Carlow.

YT7HEREAS by an aft mack and pafled in the twenty- *5 q. 2. e.

’ ’ fifth year of his late Majefty King George the fecond, *9- recited, entitled. An a3 for making and repairing the road leading from the town of A thy in the county of Kildare through part of the Qyeeu's county, and through the town of CqfUcomer in the county of Kilkenny to the town of Qld Leighton in the county ef Carlow, and from thence to and through the Town of Leighton-bridgc in the/aid county of Carlow, feveral tolls and duties are charged on fiorfes, mares, geldings, cattle, eoachee, berlins, chariots, cakihes, chairs, waggons, wains, carts, cars, or other carnages palling and repaffing through the faid roads; and among# other duties ortolls a duty or toll of one penny for every car pr other carnage drawn by one horfc, mare, or gelding, excepting carts and horfea loaded with turf; arid whereas the laid tolls and duties are inefficient to keep the faid roads in repair, and pay the intereft of the fevcnil films railed oa the credit of the laid aft, therefore it will be neceijary to increafe part of the faid tolls and duties: therefore be it enafted by the King’s noil excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and coafcnt of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prelent Parliament affem^ bled, and by the authority of the fame, that in lieu of the &id toll or duty of one penny on care and carriages drawn but by one horfc, marc, or gelding, excepting carts and horfea loaded with turf, the fum of two pence be paid for every car or carriage as aforefaid, drawn but by one horfc, marc, or gelding, paffing or repaffing on laid road, excepts ing carts and Kories loaded with turf, to the perfoo or per-~ loss named in the laid recited aft, or the furmore of them, or to any five or more of them, or to fueh perfon or perfons, as they, 01 the fiirvivor of them, or any fire or more of , them fhall authorize or appoint, to and for the ufcs and purpofes in the laid recited aft fct forth; the (aid toll or duty to be paid and recoverable in fuch manner and form as the other tolls and duties are paid and recoverable in and by the faid aft.

II.	And

Digitized by v^ooq le

if 6	The fifteenth and fixteenth Tears of George III.

A. D. II. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, 1775-6. That all and every the tolls and duties mentioned in the faid aft, and all and every the dairies and matters contained Said a&, not therein, not altered or amended by this aft, (hall be in full othcrwife alter- forcc. jt not being intended by this aft to alter or amend eo, in orce. tbc famc but in the particular aforefaid.

CHAP. XIII.

An Aft for altering, amending, and making more effcQual an AB, entitled. An A8 for repairing the Road leading from the Green of Kilcullen in the County of Kildare to the Town of Athy in the fame County, and from thence through the Town of Stradbally to the Town of Timoho in the Queen's County.

WHEREAS an aft of Parliament was made and paifed in the ninth year of the reign of his late Majefry George the fecond, entitled, An aEt for repairing the road leading from the green of Kilcullen in the lounty of Kildare to the town of Athy in the fame county, andfrom thence through the town of Stradbally to the town of Timoho in the Queen's county : And whereas it is found by experience that the tolls and duties granted and made payable by the faid aft, have not been fufficient to pay the interefts of the debts contrafted for making the faid roads, and alfo to keep the fame in fufficient order and repair; and that notwithilanding the expence already made thereupon the faid road is now in a ruinous condition ; and the tolls and duties granted by the faid aft were to take place and continue from the tenth day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and thirty feven, for forty one years, and no longer; and it is found expedient to make the feveral proviftons herein after mentioned, for the more elfeftually amending and repairing the laid road, and keeping the fame in good order and repair, and for fecuring the debts now due, or which (hall hereafter become due, on account of the (aid roads for the honed and fair creditors: be it enafted by the King’s mod excellent Ma-jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, that for the better furveying, ordering, amending, and keeping in repair the faid highway or road, the right honourable William duke of Leinfter, Richard earl of Cavan, Charles eari cf Drogheda, William earl of Befborough, William eari cf Shelburne, Jofhua lord vifeount Allen, William lord Afh-brooke, the right reverend doftor Richard Jackfon bifhop of Kildare, the right honourable Thomas Conolly, lord Charles Fitzgerald, fir Fitz-gerald Aylmer baronet, fir Kildare

The fifteenth andfixteenth Tears of George III.	187

dare Dixon Burrowes baronet, the leverend Cadogan Keat- A. D. fng, clerk, the reverend Henry Beatty, clerk, the reverend 1775-6* Anthony Weldon, clerk, the fovereign of the town of Athy Chap* 13* for the time being, his Majefty’s juftices of the peace fpr v— the counties through which faid roads run, Arthur Pomeroy, Maurice Keating, John Bourke the elder, John Bourke the younger, the honourable Edward Stratford, and John Stratford, William Burch, Thomas Burgh, efquires; the right honourable earl of Wandesford, the reverend Henry Tufon, the reverend Arthur Conolly, clerk, the reverend John Hunt, clerk, Henry Boyle Carter, Roger Palmer,

Richard Levinge, Peter Bere, Ponfonby Moore, John Dig-by, Simon Digby, William Burton, major Edward Harman, Thomas Alien, efquires, James Varieties, Charles Dowling Medlicott, Thomas Fitzgerald, William Harrington,

George Daker, George Chapman, Jofeph Chapman, gentlemen, Jofeph Higgmfon, efquire, Thomas Ryvcs, John Annefley, Steward Weldon, Robert Fi(h, Benjamin Fifti,

James Carrol, Robert Power, Francis Yates, Francis Brown, efquires, Daniel Brown, Alexander Bradford, Hunt Chambre, Jofhua Johnfon, William Percival, George Warren, Richard Beard, Walter Fitzgerald, William Pillfworth,

Thomas Pillfworth, gentleman, major general Walfh, captain Philip Colby, John Barrington, Robert Green, efquires,

Chriftopher Baggot, James Hoyfted, Thomas Fitzgerald the younger, Benjamin Bennet, William Richardfon, Richard Wolfe, Michael Archbold, gentlemen, John Smith,

John Higginbotham,	Weftenra,	Michael	Keat-

ing, William Bunbury, efquires, William NafTau Green, gentleman, Bowen Southwell, John Hobfon, Godfrey Green, Jofeph Deane, Vere Hunt, efquires, Daniel Man-fergh, Henry Bowen, Jofeph Purcell, Lewis Moore, Abraham Rider, John Jackfon, Henry Dickfon, Michael Lewis,

Thomas Rawfon, gentlemen, John Bambrick and David Latouche, efquires, the reverend Thomas Carr, D. D. and the furvivor or furvivors of them, lhall be and are hereby nominated and appointed truftees of the faid road, and they or any five or more of them, or fuch perfon or perfons as they (hall authorize and appoint, (hall and may after the firft day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy fix, ere&, or caufe to be erefted, one or more gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes, in, upon, or acrofs any part or parts of faid highway or road, and alfo a toll-houfe or toll-houfes, and there (hall receive and take the tolls and duties following, before any horfe, mare, gelding, cattle, coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chaife, chair, capriole, wain, cart, car, or other carriage (hall be permitted to pafs through the fame, to wit, for every coach, berlin, chariot, calaih, chaife, or chair drawn by fix horfes, geldings, mares, or mules, two

(hillings;

Digitized by CjOoq le

lS8	The fifteenth andfixUenth Years of -George 111.

A. D. (hillings; and for every coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chaife. Chap . 13. or chair, drawn by four geldings, mares, or mules, one 1775-6. (hilling and fix pence } and for every coach, berlin, chariot, ^ *—— calafh, chaife, or chair drawn by two horfes, marcs, geldings, afles, or mules, one (hilling 5 for every waggon, wain, cart, or carriage with four wheels, five (hillings j for every waggon, wain, cart or carriage with two wheels, drawn by three or more horfes, geldings, mares, mules, affes, or beads of draft, three (hillings; for every waggon, wain, cart or carriage of two wheels, drawn by two horfes, geldings, mares, mules, afTes, or beads of draft, fix pence 5 for every carriage, commonly called a chair, or chaife, or capriole, drawn by one horfe, gelding, mare, or mule, fix pence; for every cart, car or other carriage having but one horfe, mare, gelding, mule, afs, or beait of draft, two pence, except cars and other carriages laden with turf only, and drawn by one horfe, gelding, mare, mule, afs, or bead of draft, which are hereby excepted from any of faid tolls; for every horfe, mare, gelding, mule, or afs with any perfon riding thereon, two pence 5 for every horfe, mare, gelding, mule, or afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing or having any perfon riding thereon, three half pence; for every drove or fcore of oxen, cows, or neat cattle, two (hillings and fix pence, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler number; for every drove of calves, hogs, (beep, goats, or lambs, one (hilling and three pence by the fcore, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefTer number; and for every carriage, whereon (hall be carried on or borne any mflldone, two (hillings and fix pence: which (aic( refpe&ive fum and fums of money (hall be demanded and taken in the name of or as a toll or duty; and the money fo to be raifed as aforefaid, is and (hall hereby be veiled in the faid truflees; and the fame and every part thereof (hall be paid, applied, and difpofed of, and afugaed to and for the feveral ufes, intents, and purpofes, and in fuch manner as is herein after mentioned and dire&ed ; and the (aid truflees, or any five or more of them, are hereby empowered by themfelves, or any perfon or per-fons by them or any five or more of them, under their hands and feals thereunto authorized, to levy the toll or duty hereby required to be paid upon any perfon or perfons, who (hall after demand made thereof neglefl or refufe to pay the fame, by diftrefs of any horfe or horfes, or other cattle, or goods, upon which fuch toll or duty is by this aft impofed, or upon any of the goods and chatties of fuch perfon or per-fona who ought to pay the fame, and may detain and l^eep the fame, until fuch toll or duty with the reafonable charges of fuch didraining and keeping (hall be paid; and it (hall and may be lawful to and for the perfon or perfons fo dif-training, after the fpace of five days after fuch diflrefs made

and

Digitized by

Google

Thefifteenth andfifteenth Tear* rf George lit. and taken, to fell the goods diftrained, returning the overplus (if any be) upon demand to the owner thereof, after fbch toll, duty, and reafonable charges for didraining and keeping the fame, (Hall be deduced and paid*

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority aibro-feid, That out of the firft money arifing from the profits of the Several turnpikes to be ereded, the find truftees or any five or more of them, (half firft pay and difeharge the expence of procuring this ad of Parliament, and of ereding fuch turnpike, or turnpikes, and building fuch toll houfe or toll houfes; and from and after fuch charges and expen-ces (hall be fully Satisfied and paid, that then and from thenceforth the profits arifing, and the toll to be coHedcc! at any turnpike or turnpikes, that now are or (hall hereafter be ereded or fet up on the road leading from the greem of Kilcullen in the county of Kildare to the town of Athy in the faid county, and from thence to the town of Timo-hoe in the Queen’s county aforefaid, (hall be applied for and towards the repair of the (aid road, beginning fuch repairs at the green of Kilcullen, and continuing the fame diredly on through the town of Athy to the bounds of the county of Kildare; and after the faid road from the green of Kilcullen to the bounds of the county Kildare (hall be com-pleatly amended and repaired, all arrears of intereft now due* on the feveral fums of money advanced by the refpeftive creditors of the (aid turnpike road upon the credit of the tolls efiablifhed by the faid recited aft of the ninth of George the fecond, (hall be difeharged, that then, and not before, the profit arifing by faid toll, and all fuch fum or fums of money as (hall be borrowed on the credit of faid toll, (hall be applied towards making and keeping in repair the faid road from the bounds of the county of Kildare to the town of Timoho in the Queen’s county; and after thofe purpofet are compleated, that from thence forward the produce of faid tolls (hall be dittributed and paid impartially and without preference to each creditor towards the difeharge of in-tereit proportionably to his or her principal fum advanced or to be advanced on the credit of (aid tolls; fuch payments »ot to exceed the rate of fix pounds fterling by the hundred yearly.

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore-' permitting faid. That if any perfon or perfons whatsoever owning, rent- paflige to avoid ing, or occupying any land near to any turnpike now ereft- toll; ios.

ed, or hereafter to be erefted in purfuance of this aft, (hall for gain, reward, or otherwise permit any perfon or perfons whatfoever to pafs through any gate, paffage, or way with any coach, berlin, chariot, calalli, chaife, or chair, or capriole/waggon, wain, cart, car, or other carriage, or driving or drawing any horfc, afs, mule, or any fort of cattle,

to

Digitized by CjOOQle

Side gates fo a» no double charge, &c.

5 Truftees may appoint collt&or* and furveyons, &c.

fifteenth andfixtetnth Tears of George lit. to avoid the payment of the toll hereby appointed to bfc paid, and (hail be thereof convifted upon oath or oaths of one or more witnefs or witneffes before the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, or before one or more julli9e or juftices of the peace for the eounty, wherein fuch offence or offences (hall be committed, who are hereby empowered and required to adminifter fuch oath, and to hear and determine upon the fame in a fummary way, fuch perfon or per-fons (hall forfeit and pay to the truftees, authorized to put this aft in execution, the fum of ten (hillings to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods by warrant under the hand and feal or under the hands and feals of the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, or fuch juftice or juftices, rendering the overplus (if any be) to the owner, the charges in taking and difpofing of the faid goods being firfi de* dufted.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore-faid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the (aid truftees, or any five or more of them, to ereft one or more gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes, on the fide of the highway or road acrof6 any way or lane leading out of the faid road, and toll-houfe or toll-houfes, and there to receive and take fuch toll as is appointed by this aft to be taken ; fo a6 the fame do not extend to a double charge in cafe of palling through any other of the turnpikes, now erefted or hereafter to be erefted by virtue of this aft from the road leading from the green of Kilcullen in the county of Kildare to the town of Athy in the fame county, and from thence to the town of Timoho in the Queen’s county aforefaid.

V.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, at the firft meeting or any fucceeding meetings by writing under their hands and feals (hall and ma^ elect, nominate, and appoint one or more fit perfon or perfons to be receiver or receivers, colleftor or collectors, of fuch money in the name of fuch toll or duty, as (hall be due and payable by virtue of this aft, and aifo one or more lit perfon or perfons to be furveyor or furveyors to view the condition of the faid highway or road, and to take care that the fame be made, amended, and repaired, and that the money arifing and expended by virtue of this aft be duly applied, and (hall and may from time to time remove fuch colleftors, receivers, and furveyors, or any or either of them, as they (hall fee oc-cafion, and appoint new ones in cafe of death or of fuch removal; and fuch perfon or perfons, as is or are by this aft liable to pay the faid toll or duty, is and are hereby required to pay the fame after the rates aforefaid to the faid receiver or receivers, colleftor or colleftors, of the faid toll or duty in that behalf from time to time appointed as aforefaid'

Digitized by v^opQle

The fifteenth andfixttenth Tears of George III.	191

laid for receiving the laid toll or duty 5 and fuch receiver or A. D. receivers, colleftor or colleftors, furveyor or furveyors, as 1775-6* aforefaid (hall upon oath before the faid truftees, or any five Chap. 13. or more of them, or before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace refiding near the highway or road aforefaid, . which oath fuch truftees, or any five or more of them, or fuch juftice or judices, is and are hereby impowered and required to adminifter on the firft Tuefday in every month, or oftener, if required, during the continuance of this aft, give in a true, exaft, and perfeft account in writing under their refpeftive hands of all monies, which he and they, and every or any of them, fhall to fuch time have received, paid, and difburfed by virtue of this aft by reafon of their refpeftive offices, for which oath Uo fee or reward fhall be taken; and in cafe any money fo received fhall remain in their or any of their hands, the fame fhall be paid to the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, or to fuch perfon or perfons as the faid truftees or any five or more of them fhall by writing or writings under their hands and feals authorize and empower to receive the fame, which fhall be difburfed and laid out in amending the faid highways or road, and for the other purpofes herein mentioned, according to the true intent and meaning of this aft, and not otherwife ; and the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, to whom fuch account fhall be given, fhall and may out of the money ari-fing by the faid toll or duty make fuch allowance to the receiver or receivers, colleftor or colleftors, and the furveyor and furveyors, for and in confideration of his and their care and pains refpeftively taken in the execution of his and their office and offices, and to fuch other perfon or perfons, who have been or fhall be affifting in and about procuring the faid highway or road to be made, amended, and repaired by advancing or laying out any money, or otherwife relating thereunto, as to them fhall feem good ; fo as fuch allowance or allowances to fuch colleftor or colleftors do not annually exceed twenty pounds, and to fuch furveyor or fur-veyors any fum not exceeding two fhillings per day, during fuch time or times as he or they fhall be refpeftively employed in the repair of the faid road 5 and fo as fuch allowance or allowances to any other perfon or perfons who fhall be employed by virtue of this aft, docs not exceed the fum of fifteen pounds yearly to each perfon ; and in cafe the faid receiver or receivers, colleftor or colleftors of the aforefaid toll or duty, furveyor or furveyors, or any of them, fhall not make fuch account or payment unto fuch perfon or perfons according to the orders or direftions of the faid truftees, or any five or more of them as aforefaid, that then the faid juft ices of the peace, at any fpecial feffion or meeting of them to be holden for the county, in which fuch receiver

Digitized by v^ooQle

9	Tbt mdjbuemb Year* Charge III.

j D. cefrer or rteefaert, colt&ot or cofta&drs, feriwyor or fur-

Ch^ vtyors* have *&ed or been employed and made fueh do* Aat)- *- fault at aforefaid, (batt and are hereby respired «ftd impow-ered to make inquaryv and finally to determine of and coo* cernmg fueh default, as well by the eorifeffloft of the ibid parties themfekess w by the teftimony of one or more credible witnefo or witnefles upon oath* which Oath they are empowered and rt^ttired to admintter without lee or reward ; and if any perfon or petfons ffcall be CoAVi&ed thereof by fueh juflices, the faid jufticCs faafl upon fuch Con-tiftion commit the party or parties to the common gaol of the county, where fueh offence ftiail be committed, there to remain without bad or mainprise until he or they ftiail hare made a true and perfect account and payment as afore* faid.

Turnpike® at VI. And the better to pretent frauds, and the avoiding fords in the payment of the faid tofts, duties,* or ciiftoms,- be it Amber truftcc®, U ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That it fhaU and may be lawful to and for (he (aid truftees, Or any nibe or mom of them, to make, ere&, and fix one or more gate or gates® turnpike or turnpikes, at or on the feveral and refoe&ive roads leading to the feveral fords or paffages in or through the river Barrow at and between the towns and lands of Miltown and Magenny in the faid county of Kildare,* and there to levy, collect, and take the feveral and fefpedrivC tolls, duties, or cuftoms aforefaid, to be paid and applied to the ufes- and in the manner aforefaid.

Surveyor® VII. And be it fiirther ena&ed by the authority afore-mav raifc ma- faid* That it (hall and may by lawful to and for the furvey*

! *;riak*** ^crc* or and furveyore, and fuch perfon or perfon* as he or they ia*	fhall appoint, to dig, raife, gather, take, and caErry away

any gravel, furze, fand, Hones, or othef materials, out of any wafte or common of any parifh, town, village, or hamlet, in or near which any founderouS or ruinous places of the faid highway or road do lye ; and for want of fulHcient gravel, furze,- fand, Hones, or other materials there, to dig, gather, mife, take and carry away the' fame out of the* wafte or Common of any neighbouring parifh, town, village,-or hamlet,- without paying any thing for the fame; and Where there is not fufficierit of faid materials in any common of wafte grounds near adjoining, it ftudl and may be" lawful for them by order of the faid truftees or any five of more of them in writing to dig, raife, and gather the famo in the federal grtmhds of any perfon or pcifons, not being built upon, and not being a park,* garden, orchard, yard, or meadow, planted walk or walks, or avenue to a houfe, Where any fuch materials are or may be found, and from time to time to carry away fuch and fo much thereof, as the laid furveyor or furveyors in their refpjciive places fhdl I	adjudge

The fifteenth andfxteenth Tears of George III.	193

adjudge neceffary for amending and repairing the faid high- A. D. way or road, paying fuch rates for fuch materials to the 1775-6. owner or occupier of the ground from whence the fame (hall Chap. 13. be digged, railed, gathered, and carried away, as the truf- ^■—v tees, or any five or more of them, appointed or to be appointed to put this a£l in execution, (hall adjudge rcafonab^e; and in cafe any difference between fuch owner or occupier and the faid truftees touching the damage aforefaid (hall arife, the judge of aflize at the next general affixes and general gaol delivery to be holden in fuch county, where fuch materials (hall be digged, raifed, or gathered, and from whence the fame (hall be carried away, may and (hall adjudge, affefs, and finally determine the fame.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- Annoyance* (aid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the furveyor removed, 3m or furveyors, and fuch perfon or perfons as he or they (hall

appoint, from time to time to remove and prevent any annoyance or annoyances on any part of the faid highway or road hereby intended to be made, amended, or repaired, by filth, dung, afhes, rubbifti, water-courfes, links, or drains running into the faid highway or road, and to cleanfe any ditch or water-courfes adjoining to the faid road, and to cut down, lop, or top any trees or buihes growing on the faid highway, or in the hedges or banks immediately adjoining upon the faid highway, and to take away and remove the fame, the owner or occupier negltding to cut down fuch trees or bufhes, or to remove fuch annoyance or annoyances, for the fpace of ten days after notice in writ^ ing given for that purpofe under the hands of five or more of the (aid truftees, the charges whereof (hall be reimburfed by fuch owner or occupiers neglecting to cut down the faid trees or bufhes, or to remove fuch other annoyance or annoyances as aforefaid. And if after the removal of fuch annoyance or annoyances any perfon or perfons (hall again offend in like kind, every fuch perfon or perfons fo offending, and being thereof convicted upon the oath of one or more witnefs or witneffes before one or more juftice or julti-ccs of the peace for the (aid county, where fuch offence (hall be committed (which oath the faid juftices are hereby required to adminifter, and to enquire into and determine upon the faid offences in a fummary way) (hall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay unto the faid truftees where fuch offence (hall be committed, ten (hillings, to be levied • ia manner aforefaid.

IX.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, Caufeway* That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid furveyor and

or furveyors by order of the (aid truftees, or any five or madc* more of them, to make or caufe to be made caufeways u;>on the faid walk, and to cut and make drains through Vol. VI.	N	any

Digitized by LjOOQle

^94	77>rfifteenth andfixteenih Tears cf George HI.

A. D	any grounds lying contiguous to the faid roads, and to ere&

I775>6.	arches of brick, timber, or ftone thereupon, and alfo to

Chap. >3. widen any of the narrow parts of the faid highway or roads ^ by opening, cleaving, and laying into the faid highway * or road any ground of any perfon or perfons lying contiguous to fuch highway or road, fuch ground to be ufed in any of the ways above mentioned, not being built upon, and not being a park, garden, orchard, yard, planted walk, or avenue to a houfe, and alfo to caufe ditches or trenches to be made in fuch places as aforefaid, and in fuch manner as the faid trullees, or any five or more of them, (hall adjudge neceflary for the better amending and keeping of the faid highway or road in good repair, making fuch reafonable fatisfa&ion to the owner or occupier of fuch ground, which (hall be fo laid in or unto fuch highway or road, or through which any fuch drain or drains (hall be cut, on which any fuch arch or arches (hall be made, for the damages which be or they (hall or may thereby fuftaia, as (hall be aflefTed and adjudged by the judge or judges of the afiizes to be holden next after the fame (hall be done, or by the juftices of the peace, or the major part of them, at the next general afiizes or quarter feffions to be holden for the county, in which fuch ground lies, which (hall be laid into the faid highway or road, and through which any fuch drain or drains, ditch or ditches, (hall be cut or made, or on which fuch arch or arches (hall be ere&ed or made, or fuch ground (hall be laid into the faid roads, in cafe of any difference - concerning the fame, which the faid judges of aflize or juftices at the quarter fefiions are Hereby authorized to hear and determine in a fummary way ; and if any owner or occupier of any water-courfes, ditch or ditches, adjoining to the faid highway or road, (hall negle& or refufe to fcour or cleanfe fuch water-courfe or water-courfes, and to make fuch ditch or ditches fo deep, and in fudh tnanner as the furveyor or furveyors (hall adjudge proper and convenient, after eight days notice (hall be given for that purpofe by fuch furveyor or furveyors, or fuch perfon or perfons as (hall be appointed by him or them, to fuch owner or occupier, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the furveyor and furveyors to fet any man or men to work to feour or cleanfe and make the lame, and by warrant in writing under the hands and feals of any'five or more of the faid trdffees to levy the charges thereof upon the goods or eftates of the owner or owners, or occupier or occupiers, of fuch water-courfes, ditch or ditches, by diflrefs and fale of his, her, or their goods and chatties, rendering the overplus (if any be) to the laid owner or occupier of all charges paid.

Complaint X. Provided always, and be it enafted. That if any fuch *7 owncr at owner or occupier (hall find hita or herfelf aggrieved by the

Digitized by

Gc 5k

The fifteenth andfixtetnlh Tears of George 111.	19J

faid furveyors in making or enlarging fitch watcr-courfes,	A. D.

ditches, or any of them, of or to nnneccfiary or umxafon-	177 j ?).

able diinenfions, or in more inconvenient places or greater C!i: p. 13-

number than fball be neccfTary, or ffiall demand or require _______________*

unrrafonable fums of money for doing the lame, it (hall be lawful for fuch owner or occupier to complain to the ne <t quarter fefiions of the peace to be hold- n fur the county, where fuch caufe of complaint flir.ll mile, giving eight days notice to the faid furveyor thereof, which .court Hull have full power and authority to give fuch relief in the prtmifles, as (hall be jull; and if fuch caufe of complaint (hall happen within fourteen days before the holding of fuch next quarter feffions, it (hall be lawful in like manner to make fuch complaint at the fecond quarter feflions, to be holden in fuch county after the caufe of fuch complaint (hall arife.

XI.	And whereas the faid highway or road leading from xhf road the green of Kilcullen in the county of Kildare to the town iWteneJ. of Athy in the fame county, and from thence to the town of Timoho in the Queen's county, may be confiderably (hort-ened, and made much more convenient for travellers, if the fame was carried more (Iraight, and in a more direct line: be it ena&ed by the authority afore faid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid trullees, or any five or more of them, to afeertain, deferibe, and fet apart fuch a part and proportion of the lands adjoining or contiguous to the faid highway or road, as they the faid trullees, or any five or more of them, (hall adjudge neccfTary for carrying the fame in a more direft line, provided that no part of the faid lands fo to be fet apart be built on, and that the fame be not part of any garden, orchard, yard, planted walk, or avenue to a houfe, or of any park or paddock for deer, or any field inclofed with a (lone wall five feet high made with lime and fand^ and the faid trultees, or any five or moie of them, are hereby further authorized and impovvered to treat and agree with the owner or owners, or others in-terefted in the faid ground to be made ufc of in carrying on the faid road (Iraight as aforefaid, for fuch recompence and fatisfa&ion to be made for the fame out of the ti U3 and duties arifing by virtue of this aft, as the faid trullees, or any five or more of them, (hall think fit and reafonable ; and in calc any perfon or perfons (hall neglcft or refufe to treat or agree -as aforefaid, or through any difability by nonage, coverture, or fpecial limitation in any fettleme.it or fcttlements or by reafon of any other impediment, cannot, or otherwise howfoever (hall refufe to, difpofe of their refpeftive intc-refts in fuch land, as the faid trullees, or any five or more of them, (hall think convenient for the (hortening the faid road, in every fuch cafe the faid truftees, or any hve or more of them, are hereby authorized and impowered to iflue N z	forth

Digitized by i^ooQle

9 truftccs may borrow on al-fjgument of loll.

Older to pay intcrclt, be.

The fifteenth andfixteenth Tears of George III. forth their warrant or warrants to the fheriff or (herifis of the county, wherein fuch ground doth lie, to impannel and return before the faid trullees, or any five or more of them, at fuch time and place wnthin the faid county as fhall be appointed in fuch warrant or warrants (of which day and time for hearing, notice is to be given to the party at leafl five days before) a fufficient jury, who upon their oaths, which faid oaths the faid trufteqs, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered aftd required to adminifter, fhall enquire into the true and real value of fuch ground to be made ufe of for the faid highway or road ; and fuch verdids or inqui-fitions, as fhall be found and returned by the faid jury, af-ccrtaining the* value of fuch ground, fhall be final and con-clufive as well to the (aid truftees, as to the feveral and re-fpedive ow ners and proprietors of fuch ground, notwith-flanding any difability or incapacity whatfoever.

XII.	And forafmuch as the money to be colleded by fuch receipt of the faid toll will not at prefent be fufficient for the fpeedy repairing of the faid highway or road: be it cn-aded by the authority aforefaid, That the faid truflees, or any nine or more of them, fhall and may, and are hereby empowered from time to time, by writing under their re-fpettive hands and feals to aflign over the faid toll or duty hereby granted, or any part thereof, the cofts and charges whereof arc to be borne and paid out of fuch toll or duty, for any term or time during the continuance of this ad, as a fecurity for any fum or fums of money, by them to be borrowed for that purpfe, to fuch perfon or perfons or their trmtees as fhall advance or lend the fame, to fecure the repayment thereof, with lawful intereil, or ltfs, if the fame can be fo had ; wrhich money borrowed fhall be applied and difpoftd of towards all or any of the purpofes by this ad mentioned.

XIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority afbre-faid, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid truitees, or any nine or more of them, from time to time during the continuance of this prefent ad to make out warrants or orders in writing under their hands, direded to the treafurer or receiver of the faid tolls; requiring him to pay thereout to the perfon or perfons named in fuch warrant or order, their executors, adminiftrators, and afiigns, the growing intereil of the fum of money mentioned in fuch warrant or order, as the fame fhall from time to time become due, until fuch time as the principal fum mentioned in fuch warrant or order fhall be paid off and difeharged at one entire payment, or otherwise; provided that no warrant or order to be iffued to the faid treafurer or receiver by virtue of this ad fhall be for any greater fum than fifty pounds.

XIV.	And

Digitized by v^ooQle

Thefifteenth andJixteenth Tears of George III.	19*

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-	A. D.

{aid. That all and every perfon or perfons, to whom luch	1775-6.

warrant or order fhall be given, his, her, or their executors	Chap. 13.

or adminiffrators, may by endorfe merits or luch order or orders or receipts transfer the rights and benefit of the fum Transferable mentioned in fuch warrant or warrants, order or orders, ^y indorlemenc. which endorfement8 upon notice to the treafurer or receiver of the faid tolls, and an entry or memorial thereof made in • a book to be kept for that purpofe, which the faid treafurer or receiver (hall upon xequefl without charge, fee, or reward, make accordingly, and {hall on the like requeft permit to be viewed at reafonable hours without fee or reward, fhall entitle the indorfee or afiignee, his or her executors, adminiffrators, or afligns, to the foie benefit of the fum fo transferred or afiigned ; and that the laid warrant or ordec may in like manner be afiigned or transferred by fuch alfig-nee, his or her executors or adminiffrators, and fo toties quo-tics, and that after fuch aflignment it fhall not be in the power of the perfon or perlons, who made fuch afiignment, to make void, releafe, or difeharge the faid afiignment, or the fum thereby transferred or alligned, or any part thereof.

XV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- Numbered, laid. That the treafurer or receiver of the faid tolls (hall arithmetically number all the warrants or orders, which

(hall be given or delivered out in purfuance of this a&, as they fhall be delivered out, commencing by number one, and {q continuing the numbers until the whole be arithmetically numbered.

XVI.	And b$ it further ena&ed by the authority afore- Surplus 200I. {aid. That the feveral toils and duties hereby made payable drawn by bailor (hall be applied and paid to and for the pumofes herein be- at At*V*

fore mentioned, and alfo t# the difeharge of the intereft of fo much money as fhall be borrowed in purfuance of thia ad; and that all the furplus of the laid tolls and duties hereby made payable, over and above what (hall be fufficient ta difeharge the faid intereit, and make and repair the laid toad, fhall be applied in difeharge of the principal money fo borrowed or to be borrowed in the manner hereinafter mentioned, viz. that when and as often as fuch furplus received by the faid treafurer or receiver fhall amount to the fum of two hundred pounds, then the faid treasurer or re-, cciver (hall caufe the number of all the warrants or orders, . which fhall be iflued and delivered out in purfuance of this aand the fums therein contained, to be written on feveral tickets or pieces of parchment, and to be rolled and fealed up, and put into a box or uni, and well mixed together,

^nd an indifferent perion, to be appointed by the laid truf-teea, or any five or more of them, fhall pubiickly bet we n

Google

Toll st ift gate.

The fifteenth andfixleentb Tears of George III. tlic hours of ten and twelve in the forenoon of a day, to he by tlie faid truflees or receiver publickly ndvertifed in the Dublin Gazette for that purpofe at lead twenty days before, at the town of Athy draw out of fuch a box or urn as many of the faid tickets of pieces of parchment, as the films theiein contained fhall amount to the faid fum of two hundred pounds; and the perfon or perfons, the number of whofe warrant or warrants, order or otders, his, her, or . their executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, fhall, within twenty days after the faid warrants or orders fhall be fo drawn, be paid by the faid treafurer or receiver the principal fume to him or them refpeftively due, with the rntereft for the fame till paid, and fhall upon payment thereof deliver up his or their feveral and refpeftive warrants or orders to the faid treafurer or receiver to be cancelled, which he is hereby required to cancel accordingly, and the interefl payable by virtue of fuch warrants oi orders fhall ceafe from the expiration of twenty days, to be counted from the day of drawing faid tickets or pieces of parchment,

XVII.	Provided always. That in cafe there (hall be more than one gate or turnpike in* acrofs, or on the fide of the faid highway or road between the faid green of Kilcullen in the county of Kildare to the town of Athy in the fame county, and from thence to the town of Timnho in the Queen’s county, no perfon or perfons having paid the toll or duty at the firft gate or turnpike, through which fuch perfon or perfons fhall pafs, and producing a note or ticket that the faid toll or duty was paid, which note or ticket the faid receiver or receivers, colleftor or colIeftoEs, is and are hereby required to give gratis, fhall be liable to pay any toll or duty at any other of the faid gates or turnpikes upon the faid highway or rood, fuch perfon or perfons delivering the faid note or ticket to the faid receiver or receivers, col-kftor or colleftors, of the faid toll or duty, at the latter gate or turnpike the fame iky ; and no perfon or perfons having rccafion to pafs the place or places where the toll or duty fo taken, who fhall leturn the fame day upon or with the fame horfe, mare, gelding, afa, mule, cattle, coach, chariot, berlin, chaifc, chair, calafh, waggon, cart, car, or other carnage, fhall be liable or compellable the fame day to pfcy the faid toll or duty more than once in the fame * road.

Tickers given XVIII. And for preventing frauds and abufes iri the faid to avoid toll,	toll or duty, be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That

los*	if any perfon or perfons, having paid the faid toll or duty by

this aft granted and made payable, and having fuch note or ticket, notes or tickets, as hereby direfted, fhall give or difpofe of the fame to anv rerfon or oerfons in order to avoid the payment of the kid toll or duty, every fuch perfon giv-1	mg

Digitized by

Google

The fifteenth andfixleenth Yeart of George I IT.	199

mg, difpofing, or offering, and the perfon receving fuch A. D. note or ticket, notes or tickets, and being thereof convitl-	1775-6.

<sd upon the oath of any one or mote witnels or witnefles Chap. 13. before the laid trupees, or any five or more of them, or be-	*

fore one or more juftice or juftice* of the peace for the county where fuch offence or offences (hail be committed, which oath the faid truftees and the faid juftice or juftices, are hereby empowered to adminifter, and to hear and determine the faid- offences in a fummary way, (hall refpe&ively forfeit and pay the fum of ten (hillings, to be levied, recovered, and diipofed oL as any other penalty or forfeiture is directed to be levied, recovered, and difpofed of by this a£t.

XIX.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That Toll free on during the continuance of this ad, all coaches and paffen- eic,aK>n5* gers on horfeback (hall pafs and repafs toll free on the day

on which there (hall be an election for knight or knights of the (hire for the faid county of Kildare or Queen's county, or for any burgefs or burgeffea to ferve in Parliament for any borough or boroughs in the faid counties refpeCtirely, any thing herein contained to the contrary natwithftand-ing.

XX.	And be it further enaCted by the authority afore- Five tmftecs faid. That the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, may compound, may and arc hereby impowered from time to time, as they

fhajl fee convenient or think fit, to compound or agree by the year or otherwise with any perfon or perfons ufing to travel through the turnpike or turnpikes, now ere&ed or to be ereCted, wirh any milch cows, horfe, mare, or gelding, * afs, or mule, or with any coach, berlin, calafti, chaile, chair, waggon, cart, car, or other carriage, for any fum or fume of money, to be pid quarterly from time to time after fuch agreement (hall be made.

XXI.	Provided alfo, and is hereby declared, That no Exempt from perfon (hall be charged with any of the tolls or duties afore- lo^

laid, .who (hall pafs through any of the turnpikes, now ere&ed or to be ere&ed by virtue of this awho (hall carry any quantity of (tones, gravel, or other materials for making or repairing the faid road, or any of the roads in the pa-riihcs in which the fame do lie, or in any of the neighbour-ing parifhes, nor (hall any peifon or perfons be chargeable with the faid toll or duty for any carts, cars, or waggops loaden with corn in the draw only, -nor for any plows, harrows, or other implements of hufbandry in order to the-, ufing or repairing of the fame in the feveral parifhes, which the laid highway or load hereby intended to be made or re-paired do lie; nor (hall any toll or duty be demanded or taken at any of the turnpikes now ere&ed, or to be erected for apy horfe, mare, or gelding, afs, or mule, or other cattle going to water, or for any poll horfe carrying the

mail

Digitized by

Google

Continued to ift April 1837.

On adjudication of truftees, and r. pay nit nt, toll decreased half.

Vacancies

(applied.

The fifteenth andfifteenth Years of George III. mail or packet, or for fuch horfe as is or (hall be ufed only* to ride on by the owner or driver of any waggon, cart, car, or carriage ; provided fuch horfe pafs through the (aid turnpike or turnpikes with fuch waggon, cart, car, or carriage ; nor (hall any toll or duty be demanded or taken for the borfes of foldiers palling, that arc upon their march, or for waggons, carts, cars, or other carriages attending them, nor for horfes, waggons, carts, cars, or other carriages travelling with vagrants fent by pafles, or with prifoners tranfmit-ted from one part of the kingdom to another.

XXII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-faid, That the tolls or duties hereby granted, (hall take place and have continuance from and after the firft day of April, one thousand feven hundred and feventy dx, for and during the term of fixty one years.

XXIII.	Provided nevcrthelcfs. That if at any time before the expiration of the faid term of fixty one years, ail the parts of the faid road (hall be fufficiently made, amended, and repaired, and fo adjudged by the majority of the truftees appointed, or hereafter to be chofen by virtue of this aA, by an adjudication made, and after repayment of fuch fums of money as have or (hall have been advanced or borrowed, with intereft for the fame, and the cods and charges thereof, then and in fuch cafe the faid tolls and duties (hall be decreafed refpedively one half of their prelent amount payable by virtue of this a&; the faid relerved moiety to be applied towards keeping up. and preferving the (aid road in repair.

XXIV.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore-laid, That for the continuing a fufficient number of abk perfons to be truftees for putting in execution all and every the powers in this a<ft contained for and during the continuance thereof, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, upon the death of any of the faid truftees, or their removal, or refufmg to a& in the faid truft, from time to time, and at all times hereafter, during the term aforefaid, to ele&, nominate, and appoint in the roorn of filch truftee or truftees, fo deceafed, removed, or refufing to a&t another fit and able perfon, or fo many more fit and able perfons, living in the faid county of Kildare and Queen's county, to be joined with the faid truftees in the execution of all and every thd powers in them repofed by virtue of this a& ; and all and every perfon and perfons fo to be chofen truftee or truftees to join in putting this a£ in execution, as they arc herein before qualified to do, (hall and may, and are hereby impowered to, a& to all intents and purpofes in as full, large, and ample manner, as the faid truftees are by this a& impowered to do, and fo. lattes quotics, as often as occafion (hall require.

XXV.	An<*

Digitized by Google

The fifteenth andfixteenth Tean of George IIL	201

XXV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- A.' D. laid, That the clerk and treafurer of the faid turnpike (hall 1775-6. fourteen days previous to the firft day of May in every year Chap. 13. during the continuance of this a61, give public notice by ad- s~v***^y vertifement in the Dublin Gazette, of a board to be held Board at

in the town of Athy in the county of Kildare, on the faid Athy firft day of May between the hours of eleven and three o’clock, at which the faid truftees, or any nine or more of them, (hall and may proceed to examine the feveral accounts of the faid turnpike; and the faid clerk and treafurer are hereby authorized and dire6ted to produce their refpedlive books containing entries of the fevcial receipts and payments of money, and of all accounts whatfoever relating to the faid turnpike; at which board the feveral creditors of the faid turnpike, or their agents, may regifter their refpe6rive debentures, and fettle their feveral accounts with the faid clerk and treafurer; and receive from faid truftees fuch payments of intereft or principal, as the funds of (aid turnpike wili enable the faid truftees to make fuch payments to be made, in fuch manner, and under fuch reilridtions as are already mentioned in this aft.

XXVI.	And be it further enafted by the authority Meeting aforefaid, That the faid truftees, or any fifteen or more of appointed, them, (hall meet at Athy in the county of Kildare on the

firft day of April next $ and the faid truftees may then adjourn themfelves, and afterwards meet there, or at any other place or places near the faid highway or road to be made or repaired, as the (aid truftees, or any five or more of them, (hall think proper and convenient, as often a3 it (hall be necefiary for the putting this aft into execution ; and if it (hall happen, that there (hall not appear at any meeting, which (hall be appointed tq be had or held by the faid truftees, a fufficient number of truftees to aft at fuch meeting and tq adjourn to any other day, then and in fuch cafe the clerk of the faid truftees by notice in writing, to be affixed at the refpeftive gates or turnpikes at lead ten days before the next meeting, (hall appoint the faid truftees to meet at the houfe, where the meeting of the faid truftees was laft appointed to be had, or at fome other convenient houfe near the faid road, on that day fortnight upon which fuch laft meeting of the truftees was appointed to have been held; and that the faid truftees at their firft meeting and at all other fubfequent meetings (hall defray their own charges and ex pences.

XXVII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted Noplace of by the authority aforefaid, That no perfon or perfons, ap- profit to truftee. pointed or to be appointed by this aft a truftee or truftees for putting this aft in execution, (hall have or accept of any place of profit arifing out of or by reafon of the toll or *	(Juries

Digitized by Google

Actions laid in Kildare or Queen’* county,

Apublickad.

Tolls, Bee. l>y 9 G. 2. c. 23. to ceafe.

Continuance 41 years from ift April, 1776.

To ceafe on adjudication of truftces and repayment.

The fifteenth and Jtxteentb Tears of George III, duties by this aft laid or granted, but fuck perfon or per-Tons (hall be incapable from the time of accepting and continuing to enjoy fuch place of profit of afting as a truftcc or truftees.

XXVIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That if any fait {hall be commenced againft any perfon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this aft, that in every fuch cafe the aftion fhall be laid in the county of Kildare or Queen’s county, and not dfewhere; and the defendant or defendants in fuch aftion may plead the general MW, and give this aft and the Ipecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pur-fuance and by authority of this aft ; and if it ihaU appear fo to be done, or fuch aftion or aftions {hall be brought in any other county, that the jury {hall find for the defendant or defendants; and upon fuch verdift, or if the plaintiff {hall be nonfuited, or difeontinue his aftion, after the defendant or defendants fhall have appeared, or if on any demurrer judgment {hall be given againft the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants fhall and may recover treble cods, and have the like remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in any other cafes in law.

XXIX.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That this aft IhaU be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick aft, and be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juft ices, and other perfons whatsoever, without fpecially pleading the fame,

XXX.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That from and after the firft ddy of April, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy fix, the fcveral tolls and duties granted in and by the faid recited aft made in the ninth year of his faid late Majefty, and all the provifions therein, which are not hereby re-cnafted, fhall ceafe and be utterly void.

XXXI.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That the feveral tolls and duties hereby granted, and all other the provifions and regulations herein contained, fhall take place and have continuance from and after the faid firft day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy fix, for and during the term and fpace of forty one years, and no longer.

XXXII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That if at any time before the expiration of the faid term and fpace of forty one years, all parts of the faid road fhall have been fufficiently amended and repaired, and {hall be fo adjudged by the majority of the truftecs appointed or hereafter to be chofen by virtue of this aft, and if repayment fhall have been made of fuch money, as fhall have been advanced or borrowed on credit of the faid tolls or duties, with all intereft for the fame, and if all the cofts

and,

Digitized by

Google

The fifteenth andfixteenth Tears of George IIL	203

and charges attending the fame fhaD have been paid and	A. D.

fatisfied, in fuch cafe the (aid tolk and duties (hall ceafe and	<775-6.

be utterly void, any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithilaoding.

CHAP. XIV.

jin Aft for repealing an Aft made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of the Reign of his frejent Majefty, entitled.

An Aft to explain and amend An Aft made in the third Tear of the Reign of bis late Majefty King George the fecond, entitled. An Aft for the better keeping Churches in Repair, and for other Purpcfcs.

WHEREAS the pariihioners of feveral parifhes in this ^

kingdom have negleded or refufed to make pmvi- 3> c IO# TCm fion at their refpedive veftries for the repairs of the churches pealed, extendU or chapels within their refpedive parifhes, and to defray the in£to P411**1*8 neceffary charges for the performance of divine fervice there-in, to the difgrace and difeouragement of the eftablifhed religion : and whereas an ad made in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, entitled, An Aft to explain casd amend an aft made in the third year of the reign of his late Majefty King George the fecond, entitled, An aft for the better keeping churches in repair, was intended to remedy faid abufes \ but the provifions made by the faid ad extend as well to thofe parifhes, in which there had been no fuch default, as to thofe in which there had : and whereas it is not reasonable, that the innocent fhould be confounded with the guilty ; be it enaded by the King's moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembAed, and by the authority of the fame, that the faid recited ad of the laft feffion, and every thing therein contained, be from henceforth repealed.

II.	And to the end that Parliament may be informed of A fpccjai^. the ftate and condition of the feveral churches and chapels turn to both in this kingdom, and of the condud of the parifhioners houfes by iftof thereof with refped to the particulars herein before menti-	as

oned, in order that an adequate remedy may be provided for the reformation of fuch abufes, be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the deans, archdeacons, prebendaries, and all redors, vicars, and perpetual Curates within this kingdom, (hall upon the belt information make a fpeci-al return to the clerks of both houfes of Parliament on or before the firft day of the next feflion of Parliament of the true, ftate, age, and condition of their refpedive parifh churches and chapels, and whether they are fafe and fit for

'v	the	*

Digitized by L,ooq le

The ffieenth andJixteenth Yean of George III. the refort of the parifiiioners to have divine fervice performed therein, and whether the faid churches and chapels re* fpe&ively have been from time to time provided with fuch ufeful and decent requifites, as are neceffary for the due celebration of the facrament, and the regular performance of divine fervice according to the rites and ceremonies of the church of Ireland, and whether any taxes, and to what amount, have been applied for or levied for five years previous to the firft day of December, one thoufand fevea hundred and feventy five, to anfwer the purpofes afore-faid.

CHAP. XV.

An Aft for the Improvement of his Majeflfs Revenue, and the more effectual preventing of Frauds therein; and for continuing and amending feveral Laws heretofore made, and now in Force, relative to his IVlajeJif s faid Revenue.

Brewer, re- "YTTT HERE AS the feveral laws heretofore made for the tailer, or dif- V V improvement of your Majefty’s revenue, and the tiUer refufing prevention of frauds therein, have on account of many dan-gauge ^akTac- °e^nc pra&iccs to elude the fame proved ineffe&ual to an* count,* and fee fwer the feveral purpofes thereby intended : be it ena&ed by the whole finilh- the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice. ed» 30I.	and	content	of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons

in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That if any common or retailing brewer, or retailer of beer or ale, mater or diftiller of aquavits or ftrong waters, his or her fervant or Tenants, fhall from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy fix, refufe or deny any gauger or gaugers, fearcher or fearchers, to enter into his or her houfe, brew-houfe, ftill-houfe, out-houfe, ftore-houfe, or other place whatfoever, where the brewing or diftilling bufinefs or any part thereof is carried op, of or belonging to fuch common or retailing brewer, or retailer of beer and ale, maker or diftiller of fpirits or ftrong waters ; or if fuch gauger or gaugers, fearcher or fearchers, having entered, (hall not be permitted to remain therein to gauge the coppers, fats, keeves, and other vefTels of fuch common and retailing brewer, or retailer of beer and ale, or diftiller, and to take an account of the quantities of liquors brewed, or in any procefs of brewing, and the quantities of wafh, low wines, finglings, and fpirits, or of any other liquors or ingredients whatfuever ufed or ready to be ufed in fuch houie, brew-houfe, ftilling-houfe, out-houfe, ftore-houfe, or other place as before mentioned, and to fee the whole brewing or dii-tilling coirpleatly finiftied, and the liquors tunned or ftored,

fuch

204 A. D. 1775-6.

Digitized by

Google

The fifteenth andfixteetith Tears of George III.	205

filch common or retailing brewer, or retailer of beer and A. IX ale, and diftiller, fhall for every fuch offence forfeit the fura 1775-6. of thirty pounds.	Chap. 15.

II. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- --------------

faid, That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June, Brewing pans one thoufand feven hundred and feventy fix, no perfon fhall let out for hire or lend any pan for brewing to any peifon an(j or perfons whatsoever; and that every perfon offending herein (hall forfeit every fuch brewing pan, and alfo a fum of five pounds.

Ill And whereas by an a& paffed in the fifth and fixth 5 G- 3- c 16. years of your Majefty’s reign, entitled, An ad for continuing and amending feveral laws relating to his Majejlfs revenue, and for the more effedual preventing of frauds therein, and for other purpofts therein mentioned, it was amongfl other things cnaCfced, that from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, no perfon or perfons whatfocvei fhall fuffer his, her, or their goods, w^res, or merchandizes in the faid recited ads particularly and Tefpe&ively mentioned, to remain or lie on the cuftom houfe xjuay of the port of Dublin for any longer fpace of time, than in the faid recited ad for that purpofe therein particularly mentioned, exprefied, and declared, under the penalties in the faid ad for that purpofe particularly mentioned : and whereas it hath been found, that the good effects intended by the faid law have not been promoted: be it enaded by the authority aforefatd, that from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy fix, all goods, wares, and merchandize Go‘>d* landed which fhall be landed out of any fhip or other veffel on the	^

faid quay, fhall be taken away from off the faid quay by not taken away the refpedive owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, or three days, other perfon or perfons to whom the fame fhall be configned, at the refpedive times herein after mentioned, that is to nPcua /> fay, that each and every calk of fpirits, wines, and other liquors or liquids, fhall be taken and carried away from off the faid quay within the fpace of three days commonly called working days, that is to (ay, three days, not being Sundays or holidays, after the fame fhall have been fo landed : and that each and every cafk, or other package of weigh-able or dry goods, (hall be taken and carried away from off the faid quay within the fpace of fix working days, after the fame fhall have been fo landed; and if any perfon or perfons fhall contrary to the directions herein contained permit or fuffer his, her, or their fpirits, wines, liquors, or other liquors, to lie or remain on the faid quay for any longer fpace of time than three working days, after the fame fhall be fo landed on the faid quay, that then and in that cafe every cafk of fpirits, wines, liquors, or liquids fhall be

fubjeCi

Digitized by LiOOQle

20$

A. d_

Surveyor*

may feizc fuch "oods, and fell by au&ion for

non-payment.

No au&ion on lei's by com-miftiouers for duties, penalty igl. to king and informer.

The ffiicnth midfixtunth Years of George III. fubje& and liable to and charged and chargeable with the penalty of two GuHings for every fuch calk of fptrita, wines, liquors, or other liquids, for every day the fame (hall remain on the (aid quay over and above the faid three working days, one half whereof (hall be paid and payable to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other half to fuch perfon or perfons who (hall give information of fuch goods continuing or lying on the faid quay from and after the faid time ; and in cafe any perfon or perfons (hall permit or fuffer any of his, her, or their calks or packages of weigh-able or dry goods or merchandizes to lye or remain on the (aid quay for any longer fpace of time than fix working days, after the fame (hah be fo landed on the (aid quay as aforefaid, that then and in that cafe every calk or package of weigh-able or dry goods (hall be fubjetft and liable and chargeable with a penalty of two (hillings for every fuch calk or package of weighable or dry goods, for every day fuch caik or package (hall fo remain on the faid quay, over and above the faid fix working days ; one half whereof (hall be paid and payable to his Majcfly, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other half to fuch perfon who (hall give information of fuch goods continuing or lying on the (aid quay from and after the fame time.

IV.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Thai the furveyor or furveyors of the faid quay be and are hereby empowered and required to feize fuch goods, wares, and merchandize continuing on the faid quay after the expiration of the faid working days hereby allowed, and lodge the fame, or a fufficient part thereof, in hi3 Majefty’s (lores as fecurity for the amount of fuch penalties aforefaid ; and in cafe the owner or owners of fuch goods, ware3, and merchandize do or (hall neglc& to pay fuch penalties within the fpace of three months, next after the fame (hall be fo feiz-ed, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch furveyor or furveyors to fet up and fell the fame by publick au&ion, and to.apply the money ariiing thereby to the payment of fuch penalties, and the cods and charges attending the fame, rendering back any overplus thereon to fuch owner or owners of fuch goods or merchandize.

V.	And whereas the differing goods to be fold by auc-

tion on the cuitom-houfe quay contributes to the incon* veniencies before mentioned : for remedy whereof, be it en-a£ted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the. twenty fourth day of June, one thoufoad feven hundred and feventy lix, no goods or merchandize of what kind or nature (oever (hall be fold by au&ion or cant on the faid quty, unlefs the fame (hall be fold by order of the commiflioncrs or payment of his Majefty’s duties ; and in cafe any per-on or perfons (hall from the time aforefaid fell or attempt ’	to

Digitized by

Google

5The fifteenth andfifteenth Tears of George III, to fell any goods, liquors, wares, or merchandise by au&ion on the (aid cuftom houfe quay, that fuch perfon or perfons,

(b felling or attemptingto fell the fame by au&ion, (hall for-feit and pay -the fum of twenty pounds fterling, for every time fuch perfon or perfons (hall fell or attempt to (ell fuch goods by au&ion on the faid quay 5 one half thereof to be applied to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other half to the perfon or perfons who (hall give information thereof.

VI.	Provided always. That it (hall and may be lawful Damaged for any perfon or perfons to fell or difpofe by publickcant Euods on lar~ any damaged goods, wares, or merchandize, which (hall rcl>ort be landed on the faid quay : provided the furveyor or fur-

veyors of the cuftom-houfe quay (hall report by writing under his or their hands to his Majefty’a commiflioners, that fuch goods, intended to be fold by au&ion, are really damaged ; and provided that fuch damaged goods (hall be fo fold by auftion within fix days, after the fame (hall be landed, otherwife that fuch damaged goods (hall be fubje& and liable to the feveral penalties and feizures herein before mentioned.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- Spirits, tea% faid, That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of&c- 011 l>oard ‘u June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy fix, if any herein^run^or* brandy, rnm, or other fpirits, except cordial waters in calks attempted to be under fifty gallons gauge, or any teas in any package what- run, the vcifcl, foever (excepting fuch teas at (hall be dire&ly brought from

Great Britain, and proved to have been exported from thence) or any tobacco in any package containing lcf3 than five hundred pounds weight, (hall be found on board any (hip, veflel, or boat in any port or harbour in this kingdom, or hovering within three leagues of the (hore of this kingdom, or (hall be difeovered fo to have been, although bulk (hall not appear to have been broken, or any of the faid goods or commodities before mentioned run or attempted to have been run out of fuch (hip, veflel, or boat,

(fave only and except in cafe of unavoidable neceflity and difirefs) of which neceflity and diftrefs the matter, purfer, or perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip, veffel, or boat, (hall immediately after the arrival of fuch (hip, veflel, or boat, into any bay, harbour, river, or creek of or belonging to this kingdom, give notice and proof before the colle&or, or other chief officer of the revenue-refident at the neareft port where fuch (hip, veffel, or boat (hall arrive, fuch (hip, veflel, or boat, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition, and apparel (hall be forfeited, over and above any other penalty or forfeiture

Digitized by t^ooQle

*o8	Thefifteenth andfixteenth Yeats of George III.

A. D« feiture for the faid offence by any law now in force in this 17 75-6.	kingdom.

Chap. 15. VIII. And whereas by an a& made in the eleventh and K-**~>T****J -twelfth years of his Majcfty’s reign, entitled. Ah ad for 11 and 12 G. the further improvement of his Majefifs revenue, and the weffc&uai!* more tffcBwd preventing of frauds therein? and for continuing and amending fevered laws heretofore made and now in force relative to his Majejiy's faid revenue, it is amongft other things ena&ed, that from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy two, if any perfon or perfons on board any (hip, boat, or veffel, being within the limits of any port or harbour of this kingdom, or being within three leagues of any of the (bores of this kingdom, (hall with arms forcibly refill or prevent any officer of his Majefly’s revenue from boarding or entering into fuch (hip, boat or veffel, to fee, furvey, and make • fearch for excifeable goods and commodities, that might be found therein, or elfe permitting them fo to do, (hall after fuch entry make refi Hence, and by force of arms (hall prevent or hinder fuch officer or officers from feizing and carrying away fuch excifeable goods or commodities, which by any law now in being they have power to ftize, then and in either of the faid cafes fuch (hip, boat, or veffel, with all guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition, and apparel, and all prohibited goods and commodities found therein, (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized and profecut-ed, as therein after is dire&ed: and whereas the faid claufc in the faid (latute hath proved ineffe&ual to anfwer the fe-veral purpofes thereby intended, and the officers of his Ma-jefty’s revenue having boarded or entered into fuch (hip, boat, or veffel, have not been permitted or have been prevented to fee, furvey, and make fearch for excifeable goods and commodities therein, or reffrftancc hath been made to refilling offi- them, but without force of arms, to prevent or hinder fuch cert entrance, officer or officers from feizing or carrying away any fuch Sec on board excifeable goods or commodities, which by any law in be-

ftnp.the veficl. .	, P ,	r-	r	11

&c forfeited.' ,ng th<7 had a power to fei/c: for remedy whereof, be it enaded by the authority afore faid, that from and after the twenty fourth day of June, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and feventy fix, if any perfon or perfons on board any (hip, boat, or veffel, being within the limits in the faid recited ad mentioned, (hall refill or prevent any officer of his MajeHy’s revenue from boarding or entering into fuch Ihip, boat, or veffel, or from feeing, furveying, or making fearch for excifeable goods and commodities, or elfe permuting them fo to do (hall prevent or hinder fuch officer or officers from feizing ar.d carrying away fuch excifeable goods or commodities, # or (hall or may be found

therein,

I

Digitized by

Google

To prevent

The fifteenth and fixteenth Tears of George III. therein, and which by any law now in being they have power to feize, though fuch refinance, hindrance, or prevention fhall not be with arms or by force of arms, then and in fuch cafes fuch fhip, boat, or veflel, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition, and apparel, and all goods and commodities found therein, fhall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized and profecuted as herein after directed.

IX.	And whereas perfons importing excifeable goods, or purchafmg fuch goods from merchants importers, obtain fending out permits for the quantities fo imported or purchafed, and un- undcr cover of der cover of fuch permits do lend out fmuggled goods of gfc^good*U^ic« the fame quality and quantity, keeping in their pofTeflion * ** herein. *

the goods which were fairly entered : and whereas upon information of fuch fraudulent pra&ices the offenders have eraded all forfeiture by producing teflimony, that the good* feized in their pofTeflion were the fame identical goods, which had been fairly imported: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventv fix, all goods mentioned in fuch permits, as fhall or may be granted to any perfon or perfons for the carriage of any excifeable goods, fhall be conlidered and taken into the account of goods, for which fuch perfon is entitled to have credit as goods legally imported, and that auy furplus or exceeding, which (hall be found in the cuf-tody or pofTeflion of any perfon or perfons, and for which fuch perfon or perfons cannot produce a permit , or certificate of entry, fhall be deemed and taken to have been run, and fliall be forfeited, as fully and effc&u-ally to all intents and purpofes as if fuch goods had been actually run.

X.	And whereas by an a& made in the firfl and fecond r O. 3. c. 7. years of his M^jefly’s reign,‘entitled, An ad for continuing f* >9-

and amending an ad, entitled, An ad for better regulating the	ended

collection of his Mafifty's revenue, and for preventing fraud4 for f^ir tra,ieT# therein, and for repealing an ad made the lafi fejfton of Parli- only, obtained ament, entitled, An ad for continuing and amending fcveral by fmuggUis, laws heretofore made relating to his M. fifty's revetiue, and for ^c* tie more ejfcdual preventing of frauds in his M(fifty's caftoms and excife, and the feveral ads and jlatutes which are mentioned in the find ad and continued thereby, it is among other things cna&ed, That from and after the firfl; day of May, cne thoufand feven hundred and fixty two, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the owner or owners of any goods and merchandizes feized for being run, or intended to be run, and to and for the mailer op commander of any Ihip or veffel feized for the breach of any of the laws of excife, to apply, ai by law may now be done in cafes to be heard and deter-Vol. VI.	O	mined.

Digitized by

£o°gki

210

The fifteenth andfifteenth Tears of George III.

A. D. mined in the court of Exchequer for writs of appraifement 1775-6. and delivery : and whereas the benefit, intended by the (aid

Chap. 15. hft recited a<fi, for fair traders only, hath been in many in-v fiances obtained by fmugglers applying for and obtaining writs of appraifement and delivery for {hips and other vei-fids, actually employed in illicit and contraband trade, to the great detriment of his Majefty’s revenue, and to the prejudice of the fair trader: for remedy whereof, be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy fix, no writ of appraifement or delivery (hall iffue for any fhip or other veflel whatfoever, unlefs the perfon fo applying for fuch writ of appraifement or delivery fhaU produce a confent in writing under the hands of three or ‘more of the chief commiffioners of lu*3 Majefty’s revenue of cxcifc for the granting of fuch writ of appraifement ot deliver)^

\V hi el cam-	XI. And for the more effectual colle£ling and receiving

not rtgif- the feveral and refpectivc duties on coaches, chariots, berlins, tfred, liable to calafhc$, and chailes with four wheels, and chaifes with two andT of this wheels, be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That from fcihoiij&c. and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy fix, all and every perfon and perfons,in whofc pofieffion any of the aforefaid carriages, liable to the a-forefair] duties, (hall or may be found at any time or times within the refpeftive times mentioned in and by an a& made in the prefent feifion of Parliament, entitled, An act for granting unto hix Mayfly an additional duty on the feveral commodities, goods, and merchandises t herein mentioned, and for prohibiting the importation of all gold and filver lace, and of alt cambricks and lawns, except of the manufacture of Great Britain, and al-ft> in and by one other a<fi made in the fame feflion of Parliament, entitled, An aft for granting to his Majejly thefeve-ral duties, rater, impfttions, and taxes therein particularly ex-prejfed, to he applied to pay an interejl at the raft of four pounds per centum per annum for fuch part of the feveral principal fums f r.ncrly borrowed, as fhall remain unpaid on the twenty jifh day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy Jive, and for fuch other purpofes as are therein mentioned, in any diftrift in this kingdom, wherein fuch perfon or perfons Avail be then reiident, and wherein fuch carriage or carriages hath or have not been regifiered, fhall be fubje.fi and liable to the payment of, and (hall pay the feveral and refpe<fiive duties, to which fuch carriage or carriages are by the faid recited afts made fubjeef or liable* and (hall incur all fuch penalty or penalties, as fuch perfon or perfons is or are liable to, in cafe fuch carriage or carriages had not been at all regifiered, notwithftanding fuch carnage or carriages hath or have been regifiered in any other diftrfifi> or that fuch

t	perfon

The fifteenth andfixteentb Tears of George III.	ill

‘perfon or perfons fhall have paid the faid duties in any other ‘ A. D. place or places whatfoever, where fuch carriage or carriages 1775-6. liable to the faid duties hath or have been registered, unlefs Chap. 15. fuch perfon or perfons fhall produce the receipt or receipts	^

of the coiledtor of the difliLi, where fuch carriage or ca.t riages hath or have been regiitered, and lhall permit the officer or officers, appointed to collect and receive the faid duties to take a copy of fuch receipt or receipts.

XII.	And alio be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, Sum* re-eived That fuch officer or officers fhall charge himfelf or them- charged >n felves in his or their ledger or ledgers, or other accounts*

with fuch fum or fums of money as he or they fhall have received or may receive as and for the duty or duties of fuch carriage or carriages.

XIII.	And in order the more effedtually to prevent cabriolet* and frauds in the duties arifing, or which may arife, upon the garden chairs, • aforefaid carriages; be it cnadted by the authority aforefaid, LO That all cabriolets or garden chairs, which by the faid re- utic*‘

cited adts, or either of them, are exempted from the payment of the duties thereby granted on coaches, chariots, berline, calafhes, and chaifes with four wheels, and chaifcs with two wheels, in cafe the wheels of fuch cabriolets or garden chairs fhall exceed four feet in diameter, then and in fuch cafe fuch cabriolet or garden chair fhall be deemed, couflrued, and taken as a carriage fubjedt and liable to the feveral and refpedtive duties in the faid recited ads particularly mentioned, and fhall accordingly pay the fame.

XIV.	And for the better fecuring the feveral duties ini- Card*, fold,

pofed on playing cards ; be it enabled by the authority afore- *c* ^ot |hmp-faid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, c * * ’	*

one thoufand feven hundred and feventy lix, no playing

cards fhall be fold or expofed to fale, or played with, which {hall not have been fealed, marked, and damped, as by the feveral laws enadted in this kingdom is required ; upon pain that every perfon, who fhall from and after the time aforefaid fell or expofe to fale, or knowingly play with, any fuch cards, which fhall not have been fealed, marked, or damped, as by the faid feveral laws is required, fhall forfeit for every * pack of fuch cards fo fold or expofed to fale, or played with, the fum of five poundsJierling.

XV.	And whereas conftables have frequently refufed or ne- CmfUhle not glcdled to attend the officers of the revenue in the execution attend ng ofli er of then duty in cafes, where by law the prefence or attendance 4OS or a

of a conllable is made neceflary 5 be it enadted by the au- ,m^r‘ unmCilL tbority aforefaid, That from and after the twenty fourth day ot June, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy fix, any conitable, who fhall refute or rtegledt to O a	attend

Digitized by Google

Kecital,

7 ti. 3 c» 17- f- 9-

4). yearly for licence to retail fpirits pursuant to j 7 and 18 C. *. c. 19. f. a.

To prevent •ollufive l’ei-zur.s, where duties exceed prime coil. Scc.

7 hr fifteenth and fifteenth Tears of George 111. attend any officer of the revenue in the fame parifh or dr£ trie*, f r which fuch conllable is appointed, in any cafe where by law the prut nee or attendance of a conllable is made iiecefliny in the execution of the duty of fuch officer, lhall for every Inch 1eluf.1l or negled. forfeit the fum of forty lli'Hings ; and in default of payment thereof ffiall fufferone mouth’s imprifoiunent.

XVI.	And whereas by an a& made in the feventh and eighth years of hi*3 Majelly’s reign, entitled, sin ad far the further improvement of his Majefy’s rei'enue, and for continuing and amending feveral ads therein particularly mentioned, it was amongll other things enacled, that there (hould be payable to his Majelly, his heirs and fucceflbrs, for every licence to be granted for felling aquavitor any kind of llrong waters or fpirits whatfoever, by retail in any city, town corporate, and the liberties of the fame, fuch fum, as (hould be agreed to be paid for fuch licence purfuant to the directions of an adf of the feventeenth and eighteenth of his late Majelly King Charles the fecond, in faid ad recited, fo as none do pay lefs than the fum of four poujufi yearly, and none be compelled to pay more than five pound* yearly : and whereas it lias been foundby experience, that ia many inltanees the fum of four pounds is a greater fum, than feveral perfons applying for licences can afford to pay, w hich has conliderably diminiflied his Majelly’s revenue: therefore be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the palling of this adl, It (hall and may be lawful to and for the chief commillionersof excife, or the major part of them, to ifiue and grant licences for the felling of fpirits and llrong waters by retail in all towns corporate and the liberties thereof in this kingdom for fuch, as they in their diferetion fhali think fitting and reafonable under the circumllanccs of the cafe; fo as no licence be granted for a lefs fum than three pounds yearly, nor a greater fum required or taken thaa five pounds yearly ; the faid recited ad, or any other law, to the contrary notwithllanding.

XVII.	And whereas it hath been found, that whenever the duties due and payable to his Majelly on any commodity exceed the prime coll of fuch commodity, collufive feir ures have been concerted between the fmuggler and the officer or officers of his Majcfly’s revenue, who made or prr tended to make fuch feizures for his or their own advantage: for remedy w hereof, be it enaded by the authority aforcM* That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thou fa nd feven hundred and feventy fix, all brandy, geoeva, rum, or other fpirits, which (hall hereafter be feized and condemned as being illegally imported into this kiugdom, /hall be fold by inch of candle according to law ; and tbit

tbc



Thefifteenth andfixteenth Tears of George III. the produce of fuch feizure (hall be divided in fuch manner* as that a fum equal to the amount of the duties, which would, in cafe fuch brandy, geneva, rum, or other fpirits had been fairly imported into this kingdom, have been due and payable to his Majefty for fuch fpirits at the refpe&ive time ot times of fuch feizure or feizures, (hall be to the ufe of your Majefty, your heirs and fucceftors ; and the remainder thereof, clear of all expences, cofts of fuit, and charges what foe ver, (hall go and be to the ufe of the pcrfon or perfons, who (hall feize or difcover, or give information of and prove the fame to have been illegally imported as afore-faid.

XVIII.	And whereas no (lock hath been taken by the gauger or officers of excife on fpirits at the diftill^ries of the feveral diftiHers of the city of Dublin for fome years pad, on account of different places being made ufe of by diHillers for the purpofes of iloring their fpirits, and great frauds are committed under the pretence of rectifying fpirits, allcdged by the feveral diftillers to be foul, foetid, or returned to them by the perfons, to whom they were fold, as unfit for faie: for remedy whereof, be it enaded by the authority aforefuid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy lix, every dilliller (hall keep his, her, or their fpirits together in a (tore or (lores in or adjoining to their refpedive diftilleries in calks not lefs than one hundred gallons each, with their bungs eafy of accefs for the gaugers to dip and gauge the fame, under the penalty of twenty pounds : and in cafe the officer of excife within his refpedive walk or diftrid (hall find any dill or ft ills at work, and declared by the dilliller, or any perfon employed by him or her, to be at work for the purpofe of rectifying fpirits, and (hall 'not find a proper dccreafe equal to the charge of the ftill from the (lock of fpirits, or that any diftilleror dillillers (hall refufe to declare, what is then in the ftill, then and in either of the faid cafes it (hall and may be lawful for fuch officer of excife to charge the diftiller, as if the faid dill was filled with low wines, and fuch diftiller (hall pay the duties due and payable to his Majefty accordingly j and if fuch dilliller (hall declare, that he is diililling faints, then it (hall be lawful for fuch officer of excife to charge the diftiller, as if the faid ftill tv as filled with potale, and fuch diftiller (hall pay the duties due and payable to his Majefty accordingly.

XIX.	And whereas by an ad paiTed in the third and fourth years of his Majefty’s reign, entitled, An ad for continuing and amending t*zvo feveral ads of Parliament therein mentioned, and for the moreeffedualpreventing of frauds in his Majefty's cuftoms and excife, and for other purpofes therein mentioned, it is errad-fd, that no dilliller or dillillers for fale (hall fet in his, her.

Stork hot tak«*n from lUring fpirits at different places, &c.

fprirft* (hall ha kept in calks n >r under too gallons, acceC* to gau jers eafy, penalty sol.

19 anu 2C G.

3. c. 12. f. 18.

f 8.

3. c. at.

Digitized by '



no diftiller

fhall l'cc in vdH ior fermenting wafh of imo1j(Tc% kfs tl.^n 4co gallon* at one time, penalty lol.

S G 3. c.16. f 5

difttfirrs fliall fuppiy officers %vith iights, penalty 5I.	.

The fifteenth andfixteenth Tears of George Ilf. or their backs, or other veffels made ufe of for fomenting wafh of mobiles, or fugar, any lefs quantity of wafh than four hundred gallons at any one time, on paimof forfeiting ten pounds for every fuch offence, to be recovered in man-, ncr therein mentioned : and whereas it was the intention of the faid aft, that not lefs than four hundred gallons of wafh, made from fugar or molafies, fhould be fet in any one back or veffel: be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That no diftiller or di(fillers from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy fix, (hall fet in any back or veffel, made ufe of for fermenting wafh of mobiles or fugar, any lefs quantity than four hundred gallons at any one time, on pain of forfeiting ten pounds (ierling for every fuch offence.

XX.	And whereas by an aft made in the fifth and fixth years of his Majefty’s reign, entitled, Jn. a3 for continuing, and amending federal laws relating to his Majcfiy's revenue, and for the more ejftCLial preventing of frauds therein, and fir other purpofes therein mentioned, it is among other things tn-afted, That every common brewer of beer and ale,, and every common diftiller or maker of low wines, fpirits, equa-, vita, or fttong waters for fale within this kingdom, (halloa every vjfit, made by any officer or officers of excife after fun fet in the evening, and before fun rife in the morning, at the refpeftive brew-houfes and ftill-houfes of fuch brewer or diftiller, furnifh and fuppiy fuch officer and officers, on demand made by him or them, \vkfi lights fufficient to enable fuch officer or officers to fearch, furvey, and examine the (lock of beer, ale, fpirits, aquavita, and ftrong waters then on hand belonging to fuch brewers and diftillers refpeftively, under the penalty, of forfeiting the fum of five pounds for every time fuch brewer or diftiller (hall negleft or refufe, on demand made as aforefaid, to fuppiy fuch lights as herein is directed : And whereas diftillers (ince the palling the faid recited aft have made and continue to make their (Idling, houfes fo very dark, that no officer of excife can even in the day time take an exact and true account of the (lock on hand, whereby great frauds are committed by diftillers for fale: for remedy thereof, be it enafted by the authority aforefajkt, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy fix, every diftiller or diftillers (hall on every fuch vifit as well by day as by night furnifh and fuppiy the officey. or officers of excife, on demand made by him or them, with lights fufficient to enable* fuch officer or officers at all tim^s to fearch, furvey, examine, view, and gauge all the (lock of wafh, potale, finglings, or low wines and fpirits, of or belonging to fuch diftiller or diftillers, as well by day as by night, under the

penalty

Digitized by

The fifteenth andfifteenth Tears of George 111.	215

penalty of forfeiting for every fuch negled the fum of five A. D. pounds fterling.	1775-6.

XXI. And be it further enabled by the authority	Chap. 15.

aforefaid, TirJ: from and after the twenty fifth day of	**—t

March, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy fix, there No duty on fhall not any duty whatfoever be paid to his Majelly, his	^re**d

tieirs or fuccertors, for or on account of any bread or buif-

cuit of the manufa&ure of this kingdom exported out of the fame.

XXII.	And whereas by an ad parted in the thirty third 33	*•	c	,®«

year of the reign of King George the fecond, entitled, An aft

for letter regulating the colleftion of his Majcfiy*s rvalue, and for preventing of frauds therein, and for repealing an aft made the lafl fejfion of Parliament, entitled, An at1 for continuing end amending feveral laws heretofore made relating to his Ada-j<PS‘ revenue, andfor the more effectual preventing of frauds in his Mairjly*s cujloms and excife, and the f veral a8s and j)a~ tutes which arc m-ntioned in the ftid aft and continu'd thereby, an^ by another act parted in the fifth year of his prefent Majcfty’s reign, entitled, An aft for continuing and amending 5 G. 5. c. 16. fever al laws relating to Ids Mijeflf s revenue, and for the f- l0# more ejfeftnal preventing of frauds therein, and for other pur-J>ofes therein mentioned, federal drawbacks are given of the fe-veral duties impofed upon fpirits made or (Milled within this kingdom upon the exportation of fuch fpirits, fo that no more than one third part of a penny per gallon of the inland excife paid upon fuch fpirits fhall remain on the fame when exported: and whereas by an ad parted in the prefent fefiion of Parliament, entitled, An aft for granting unto f,y ^ his Majelly an additional duty on the feveral commodities, goods, fertion, c. 9. and merchandizes therein mentioned, and for prohibiting the im- additional portation of all gold and filver lace, and all cambricis and f diftiUcd lawns, except of the manufafttsre of Great Britain, a further heie additional duty of four pence per gallon was granted upon fpirits made or diftilled within this kingdom, but the claufe for allowing the drawbacks upon the exportation of faid fpirits hath by miftake been omitted in the faid ad : be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the when here and twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and ba* ley not a&ovo feventy fix, when and as often as here and barley (hall not Pcr exceed nine pence the ftone, the rates, and prices of fuch ^ 9^drawback bere and barley to be ascertained in the fame manner as is of all inland directed by an ad made in the t\Venty iv'nth year of his excife on fpirits late Majefty’s reign,entitled, An aft for the further encouragement	ftrc,r‘S -

of tillage, it fhall and may be lawful for any perfon in any fea port, or upon any navigable river, to export and fhip pff as merchandize (within any of the ufnal and allowed porta by law, and that * the common quays for exportation,

J	•	qr

Digitized by C-ooQle

15 and *4 G,

3. c. t. f. 12.

doubts as to commiflloners power to refute licence to ufc flills in towns, dec*

Withdrawn •n change of abode, tec.

3G 3. c. ti. f. 10. repeal* d.

The fifteenth andfixteenth Tears of Geofge III. or quays to be appointed for that purpofe, and within the ufual hours,' for account of himfeif or any other) to be exported into foreign parts, in the prefence of fome fwom officer of excife to be appointed by the commiffioners or fub-commiffioners of excife, upon notice thereof to them to be given at the office of excife within the limits of the refpettive diftrids of the refpedive ports or places from whence the fame ffiall be fo /hipped, any fort of fpirits or ftrong waters diftilled in this kingdom ; and fuch officer fhaU certify the quantity of fuch fpirits or ftrong waters fo (hipped off to the commiffioners or officers of excife of the refpedive diftiids, who are hereby required to make an allow, ance, or to repay, in the way of drawback all inland excife. which (hall have been paid for fuch fpirits or ftrong waters fo exported, unto the perfon or perfons fo exporting the fame within one month after fuch exportation.

XXIII.	And whereas by an act paffedin the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his prefent Majclly? entitled. An ad for continuing and amending federal laws now $n force relating to his Majejifs revenue, and for the more ef fe dually preventing frauds therein, it 1*6 amongft other things enaded, that no perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall have or keep in his, her, or their cuftody or poffeffion, or (hall make ufe of any (till, black pot, alembick, or other veffel for making or diddling of any fpirits or ftrong waters, before he or (lie ffiall be licenced thereunto by one or more of the chief commiffioners of his Maje/ty’s revenue of excife: and whereas fome doubts have been conceived concerning the power of the commiffioners of excife to refufe licences ia confequence of the faid ad to perfons refiding within the precinds of market tow'iis pr towns corporate : be it cna&-ed by the authority aforefaid. That licences ffiall be granted by the faid commiffioners without fee or reward to all diflil-lcrs or perfons intending tp ered diftilleries, who adually refide wdthiu any town, where markets are ufually held at ilated times, and in which fuch markets were actually eftab-liffied before the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufaad feven hundred and feventy four.

XXIV.	Provided always. That it ffiall and may be lawful for the faid commiffioners to withdraw their licences, if the perfons to whom they are granted, (hall change their place of. abode ; and alfo from all perfons who ffiall be legally convided before the commiffioners or fub-commiffioners of excife of any fraud or offence aguinll the laws of excife, which ffiall fubjed them to a penalty of fire pounds or upwards.

XXV.	And whereas by an ad made in the third and fourth years of his Majefty’s reign, entitled, An ad for continuing and amending two feveral ads of Parliament therein

*	mentiontdi

z*.

Digitized by

Google

Thefifteenth andJixteentb Tears of George III. mentioned, and for the more ejfc&ual preventing of frauds in his Maj fly's cujlcms and excife, and for other purpofes therein mentioned, it is amongft other thing* ena&ed, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, all walh and potale, which fhould be found in any honfe, out houfe, or other place (not belonging to a common diftiller of fpirits, aquavita, or ftrong waters, for fale) and where no ft ill, black pot, or alembick Is fet and fixed for diHilling of the fame, (hall be fpillcd by any officer of bis Majefty’s revenue of excife, who (hail find and difeover the fame, unlefs the fum of ten pence for every nine gallons of potale, or the like fum for every fix gallon* jof molafles or fngar wafh (being the duties due and payable to his Majefty therefrom) be immediately paid, or fufficient fecurity given to fuch officer of excife for the payment thereof: and whereas tjie faid claufe hath been found ineffectual to anfwer the purpofes thereby intended: therefore be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy fix, the faid claufe in the faid recited a6t (hall and may be, and the fame is hereby repealed, made void, and of none effect, to all intents and purpofes what-foever ; and that from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy fix, all walh and potale, which (hall be found in any houfe, out houfe, or other place not belonging to a common diltiller 6f fpirits, aquavit*, or ftrong waters for fale, and where no (till, black pot or alembick is fet and fixed for diddling of the fame, may be fpilled by any officer of his Majefty’s revenue of excife, who (haH find or difeover the fame.

XXVI.	And whereas the importing of tobacco (talks into this kingdom is productive of great frauds to the diminution of his Majefty’s revenue, and the detriment of the fair trader: in order to prevent the fame, be it enacted by* the authority aforefafd, That from and 'after the twenty fourth day of June, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and feventy fix, no tobacco ftalks or ft cm* dripped from the leaf fhali be imported into this kingdom under penalty of the forfeiture of the fame, or the value thereof

XXVII.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore faid, That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy fix, all bacco ftalks or Items in any package whatfoever (hall be feized and forfeited, if found on board any (hip, veflel, 01-boa t, in any port or harbour in this kingdom, or hovering ^rithia three leagues of this kingdom, or (ball be difeovered

W*(h and put-

ale of common diftillrr, &c. may be fpillad by the omeep.

■ No tobarc# (talks imported, or forfeited.

Seized •» board, A c. tho’ bulk not biokc, except lc^aliy imported, Ac.

Digitized by LjOOQle

T obocco and (talks, after coo demnation, dcflroycd.

Securities, m whole «»r pvnt, for goods r.in, or lb intcuried, void.

35

G. 2 r, to.

The fifteenth and fixteentb Tears of George III. fo to have been, although bulk (hall not appear to have beei broke, or any of the laid tobacco ftalks or Hems run, or attempted to have been run, out of fuch (hip, veffel, or boat, fave only and except fuch tobacco ftalks or ftems as have been ftripped from tobacco legally imported into this kingdom, and for which his Majefty’s full duties (hall have been paid, and have been put on board any (hip, boat, or vefTel to be fent coailways by cocket from one port to another in this kingdom.

XXVIII.	And be it enaded by the authority aforeiaid. That from and after the Lift mentioned twenty fourth day of

;[uue, all tobacco ftalks and ftems, which (hall be feized and egally condemned, and which after condemnation will not fell publickly for the full duties payable to his Majefty, (hall be burned, or otherwife deftroyed ; and that the commiffion-ers of his Majefty*8 revenue may, if they (hall think fit, caufe the officer, or other perfon making fuch feizure, to be rewarded, in fuch manner as they (hall think proper, fuch reward not to exceed one penny per pound weight, in lieu of all other allowances.

XXIX.	And whereas goods and merchandizes have from time to time been fm iggled into this kingdom to the great detriment of hio Majelty’s revenue and the fair trader : in order to prevent the fame, be it enaded by the authority afore-faid, That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thpufand feven hundred and feventy fix, all contracts, notes, bills, bonds, judgments, mortgages, or other fccurities, given or executed by any perfon or perfons, where the whole or any part of the confideration of fuch fecurity or fccurities (hall be for any goods, wares, or merchandizes, which (hall be run or brought into this kingdom with an intent to run the fame to defraud his Majefty, his heirs and fucccffors, of the duties now payable, or which (hall at any time hereafter be lawfully impofed upon any fuch goods, wares, or merchandizes, (hall as between the contrador or contrailors, drawer and drawee, conuzer and conuzee, mortgagor and mortgagee, obligor and obligee, and all and every perfon and perfons haring notice that any fuch note, bill, bond, mortgage^ judgment, or other fecurity, was given and executed for goods lo run, or intended to be run, be utterly void to all intents and pur-pofes whatfoever.

XXX.	And be it further enacted by the authority afore*, faid, That an ad made in the thirty third year of the reign of his late Majefty King George the freond, entitled, An ad for Letter regulating the colic dion of his Majefiy*s revenuet and for preventing of frauds therein, and for repealing an a8 made. the lajl fejions of Parliament, entitled, An aft for continuing

and

The fifteenth and fxieenth Teare of George III. and amending federal laws heretofore made relating to his Ma-jeffs revenue, and for the more effectual preventing of frauds in his Majefy's aijloms and excife, and the feveral ads and fatutes which are mentioned in the faid ad, and continued thereby , andalfo one other ad made in the full and fecond years of his Majefty’s reign, entitled, An ad for continuing and amending an ad, entitled. An ad for better regulating the col* led ion of his Majefy's revenue, and for preventing frauds therein i and for repealing an ad made the lafl fejfion of Parliament, entitled, An ad for continuing and amending fevered laws heretofore made, relating to his Majefy's revenue, and for the move effedual preventing of frauds in his Majefy's Vufoms and excife, and tl>e feveral ads andfatutes which are mentioned in the faid ad, and continued thereby, and alfo one other ad made in the third and fourth years of his Majefty’s reign, entitled, An ad for continuing and amending two feveral ads of Parliament therein mentioned, and for the more effect tual preventing of frauds in his Majefy's cufoms and excife, and for other purpofes therein mentioned, and alfo one other ad made in the fifth and fixth years of his Majefty’s reign, entitled, An ad for continuing and amending feveral lews relating to his Majefy's revenue, and for the more effedual prevent-trig of frauds therein, and for other purpofes therein mentioned, and alfo one other ad made in the feventh and eighth years of his Majefty’s reign, entitled. An ad for the further improvement of his Majefy's revenue, and jor continuing and amending feveral ads therein particularly mentioned, and alfo one other ad made in the eleventh and twelfth years of his Majefty’s reign, entitled. An ad for the further improvement of his Majefy's revenue, aud the more effedual preventing of frauds therein, and for continuing and amending feveral laws heretofore made and now in force, relative to his Majefy's faid revenue, and alfo one other ad made in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his Majefty’s reign, entitled. An ad for continuing and amending feveral laws now in force relating to his Majfy's revenue, and for the more ejfedually preventing frauds theriin* and all and every the daufes therein refpedive-jv contained (except fuch parts thereof as are altered, repealed, or amended by this prefent ad or by any of the laid recited ads,) (hall continue and be in force for the fpace of two years from the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy fix, and from thence to the end of the then next fefiion of Parliament, and no longer.

XX XI. And be it further enaded by the authority afore-faid, That all and every the fines, penalties, and forfeitures,

* infiiiied. by this ad, or by the faid feveral ads of Parliament herein before tail particularly mentioned or recited, or

by

x G. 3. c. 7*

3 G. 3 c. at.

5 G, 3. c. 15.

7 G. 3. c. a7.

ft and 12 G.

3* c* 7*

13 and 14 G. 3. c. 8.

conti ailed by 17 and 18 G. 3. c. 8. f 37.

and 192nd 20 G. 3. c. 12. f. 18.

and annually by 26 G. 3. c. at. f. 37-

Penalties fave as provided, by 14 and 1$ C. 2. c. 8. with like appeal.

Digitized by v^.ooQle

22p

A. D.

1755-6.

Continued 1 year* from 14 June 1776, *c.

When alove 4co> officer to appoint a deputy before poll commenced.

The fifteenth andfixteentb Tears of George III. b y any of them (other than and except fuch as by this or by any of the faid recited ads of Parliament, herein be* fore lad mentioned, or otherwife provided for) (hall and may be fued for, recovered, levied, and applied in fuch manner and form, and by fuch ways and means, and with fuch powers and authorities, as are prescribed, direded, and appointed in and by an a6t of Parliament made in the four* teenth and fifteenth years of the reign of King Charles the fecond, entitled, jin ad for fettling the exeife or n-nu unpefi upon his Majefiy, bis heirs ajtd fuccejfors, according to the book of rates therein inferted, as fully and effectually to all intents, conftrudions, and purpofes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned and exprefled and re-enaded in the body of this prefent ad, with the like remedy of appeal to and for the party or parties who fhall think him, her, or them-felves aggrieved or injured, as in' and by the faid ad of ex-cife is provided.

X \X1I. Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority aforefafd. That this ad, and the feveral provifi-ons hereby made, fhall continue and be in force for the fpacc of two yeais from the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy fix, and from thence to the end of the then next fefijon of Parliament, and no longer,

CHAP. XVI.

An Ad for better regulating the Elections of Members to ferve in Parliament.

WHEREAS the idlenefs and diflipation, caufed by the length of time frequently fpent in the poll at eledions for members to ferve in Parliament, are productive of many evils, and are of dangerous tendency to the freedom pf eledion : be it enaded by the King’s moll excellent Majefiy, by and with the advice and confcnt of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefeut Parliament afTembled, and by the authority of the fame, That in all cafes where the eledion cannot be determined upon view, and a poll fhall be demanded, the fheriff or other returning officer or officers on every eledion, whenever it fhall appear, that upon the lall or any former eledion the number of eledors have exceeded four hundred, fhall before the commencement of the poll appoint one deputy to take the poll under him or them, at the fame time, and in the fame court houfe, or if there fhall not be convenient room therein, in the ne'treft convenient place ;and fhall not during fuch eledion adjourn for any longer time than fiom day to

Digitized by

7*he fifteenth andfixleenth Tears of George III. day, except from Saturday to Monday, unlefs with the confent of all the candidates. And that every fheriff, and other returning officer and officers, and every deputy, lhall, before he proceed to take the poll, take and fubferibe in open court, if thereunto required by any ele&or, the oath following, which any elctlor is hereby impowertd to adminifter.

adjourn only from day to day, uitiei* hf coufuit, See.

I	do	fiveary	that 1 will honcfily and imparti-

ally •without favour to any candidate take the poll at this clccl'nn ; and that I have not directly or indirectly received, nor twill herea fter receive, any money, gift, reward, prowife, contract, or fecurity for sitoney, or other reward for or in rejpyfi of the conduct 1 fhall obferve during the enfuin? pell\ or the return 1 fl?all wetke at the chfe . thereof which lull words, that is to fay, or the return IJ,ball make at the chfe thereof\ Hull be omitted, when the oath is adminiilcr-ed to a deputy, and inltead thereof there lhall he ir.lertcd thefe words : and that 1 will make a fair and true return of the poll to be by me taken to the returning officer, who has appointed me, whenever and as often as I fhall be the' eunto required by him.

II. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That	**e-

cvery returning officer or officers, who lhall have appointed ftTuiofc poll a deputy, may from time to time during the poll, as he lhall book, on notice, think proper, remove fuch deputy, and appoint another »n<l deliver to perfon deputy in his room ; and that fuch deputy lhall, up-	to	r<*c

on notice given to him by the returning officer each day, ^ f nuin crs* alofc his poll book, and deliver in the fame immediately to rrfulin» poll laid officer, who lhall tot up therefrom the number of book, *c penal-votes polled on faid day for each candidate, and caufe the yot*°°dmittc4 tot thereof for each candidate to be read aloud, and en- afterwards, tered in his poll book in open couit; and if fucb deputy vend, fhall refufe to deliver his poll book, when required by the returning officer, or lhall continue to take the poll, after he fhall have been directed by him to flop, and before he lhall be again directed by him to proceed, or after his deputation fhall be revoked, he lhall forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds ; (to be recovered by any perfon, who will fue for the fame in any of his Majefty’s courts of record, to and for the u{e of fuch perfon filing) and every vote admitted by him after fuch refufal, direction to Hop, or revocation, lhall be cotifidcred null and void to all intents; but the perfon, who gave fuch vote, is not thereby difabled to give bis vote at fuch ele&ior bcfoie the fneriff or other returning officer.	.	.

Li I. Provided always, and be it enabled, That fuch re- deputyaew ap. moral and new appointimeot of a deputy, and fucb notices pouitmcat, Ac.

to

Digitized by LjOOQle

Poll n«t dof-on riot, hut

adjourned, interrupting poll, cRacing or dcftrojring books, tec. fo lony, tranfpor-Ution.

Ko officer to Return more than by writ required, Ike.

Voter,if required, fhali declare whether a rent charge, lee.

The fifteenth andfixteenih Yean of George IIL \o the faid deputy to clofe the poll and deliver up the book, fhall be made publickly and proclaimed in the place, where fiich deputy refpedively fhall take the poll, by the fhcriff or under fheriff, or fome perfon to be appointed for that pur-pofe by the fhcriff.

IV.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons (hall violently and outrage* oufly difturb the courts or other affembly duly holdert for the ele&ion of a member or members to ferve in Parliament, or interrupt the proceeding of the prill, fuch diflur-bance or riot (hall not be any excufe to the returning officer, nor afford him any pretence for doling the poll; or making a return, but the court or other fuch affembly as aforefaid (hall thereupon be adjourned for fome convenient time, as the occafion may require ; and, if it fhould be necefTary, (hall be further continued by adjournment from time to time, till fuch difturbance lhall have ceafed, \vhen fuch returning officer Hi all return, and again proceed on taking the poll; and every perfon, who (hall be convi&cd of having violently and outrageoufly diflurbed the court fo as to interrupt the proceeding of the poll, or of having wilfully effaced, obliterated, tom, altered, or dellroyed the whole or any part of the poll book of the returning officer, or his deputy, whereon any thing relative to the faid ele&ion hath been entered, or of having forcibly or fraudulently taken or fecreted the fame, or any fitch part thereof, or the writ or precept for holding fuch eledion, he fhali be adjudged guilty of felony, and be tranfported for feven years to fome one of his Ma jelly’s plantations abroad.

V.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That no fheriff or other returning officer or officers fhali upon aiiy pretence whatfoever return more than the number of perfons, he dull by his writ or precept be required to return; and that in cafe of an equality of voices for any two of more candidates upon the clofe of the poll he fhali be 2t liberty to give his calling voice, whether otherwife legally qualified to vote or not at fuch eledion ; and if any ffieriff or returning officer fhali return more than the number of perfons, lie fhali by his writ or precept be direded to return, and fhali be convicted thereof in any of his Ida-jelly’s courts of record, he fhali forfeit and lofe the fum of two thoufaud pounds, to the perfon who fhali have profccut* ed him to conviction ; and he fhali be adjudged and he is hereby declared to be incapable of ever after voting at any eledicn for members to ferve in Parliament.

VI.	And whereas the permitting perfons to vote by virtue of rent charges of a fmall yearly value is a great inlet to perjury, and tends to deilroy the freedom of elections; be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That every perfon,

tendering

The fifteenth andfixteenth Tears of George III.	223

tendering his vote as a freeholder at any ele&ion for a	A. D.

member to ferve in Parliament, (hall, before he be admitted	1775-6-

to poll, declare, if thereunto required, whether his freehold Chap. 16. confifts in rent charge; and that no perfon (hall have a right to vote, nor (hall be admitted by any returning officer to poll at any election of a member to ferve in Parhament by virtue of a freehold, confiding of a rent charge of a lefs yearly value than twenty pounds ; any law, ftatute, ulage, or cudom to the contrary notwith-danding.

VII.	Provided always, That no fee farm rent (hall pce farm not be deemed a rent charge within the meaning of this a rent charge, aft.

VIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore- Freeholder** (aid, That every perfon, offering to vote at any election for

a member to ferve in Parliament as a freeholder, (hall, before y	°	’

he (hall be admitted to poll, if required by any other elector, take one of the oaths or affirmations following, that is to (ay, if his freehold (hall not confid of a rent charge, then he (hall take the following oath, (or affirmation if he be a quaker:)

/	of	in	the

county, city, or town of	(as the cafe (hall be)

do /wear, (or if a quaker do folemniy and truly affirm) that 1 am a freeholder, and have a freehold conjifiing of la id or lands, or of a tenement or tenements, or hereditaments, (as the cafe (hall happen) lying or being at

in the county, city, or town of

(as the cafe (hall b?) of the clear yearly value of forty (hillings at the leaf above all charges payable out of the fame, .and tnat I did not receive the fame, nor vsas the fame granted to m:, fraudulently in exchange for a freehold in this or any other county, and that / have been for fix calendar months previous to the day of the tefis of the writ or precept for holding this election in the actual ptfjejfion of thefaidfreehold,or in the receipt of the rents or profits thereof, and that 1 ha ve not been polled before at this election :

So help ms God\

But if his freehold (hall confid of a rent charge, then that oatjj ifircxxt he (hall take the following oath, or affirmation, if he be charge, a quaker.

1	of	in	the

county, city, or town of	(as the cafe (hall

be) do fiwear, that 1 am a freeholder, and have a freehold lonjiling of a rent charts upon land or lands, tenement or tenements.

Digitized by

Google



Satd oath* in* fte.nl of that required by

21 vi. a c. io. i. j.

Oath where the freehold by marriage fcttle-ment, d*.-fccut, devife, prefentation, or promotion.

The fifteenth and fifteenth Tears of George III. meats, hereditament or hereditaments, or all or any of them (as the cafe fhall be) lying and being at	in	the

county, city, or town of	(as	the

cafe fhall be) of the clear yearly value of twenty pounds, above alt charges payable out of the fame, and that 1 did not receive the fame, nor was the Jame grafted to me, in exchange fir a freehold in this or any other county , and that I was in pojffefion of the faid rent charge, and had a right to receive, and did receive to my own ufe one year's rent at the leaf, arifing therefrom twelve calendar month* at the leaf before the prejent vacancy happened : and that I have nit refunded, nor will 1 rejund any part thereof, and that 1 have not been polled before at this election.

And the laid oath or oaths, affirmation or affirmations, refpeftively, as the cafe fhall require, fhall be adminiflered and taken in lieu and (lead of the oath or affirmation required by a certain aft of Parliament, made and paffed in the twenty firft year of the reign of his late Majeily King George the fecond, entitled, An aft to amend and make more vffeftnal an aft, entitled, An aft fir the better r gulat-tng deft ions of members to ferve in Parliament, and for the vi ore effeft Ha I quieting of corporations♦ and fretting the right of perfons, wi'O have or /hall be el:fted into the effect of aldermen and burgejjes within any corporation of this king-dom.

IX,	Provided always That if the freehold, whether it be a rent-charge or other eftate, by virtue of which any perfon fhall tender his vote, fhall have come to him by marriage, marriage fettlement, defeent, prefentation to a benefice, devife, or by promotion to fome office, to which fuch freehold (hall have been annexed, then the words in the firll mentioned oath, And that 1 have been for fix calendar month, previous to the day of the t efts of the writ or precept for hid' ing this eltftion, in the aftual pojfeffioti Gf the faid freehold, or in the receipt of the rent and promts thereof, or the words in tlu* lull mentioned oath. And that I was it poffejfion of the faid nr charge, and had a right to receive and did receive to my own uft one year's rent at the leaf arifing therefrom twelve calendar months at the leafi, before the prefent vacancy happened. fhall be omitted, if the perfon tendering his vote fhall defire it, and inflead thereof fhall be inferted, in which ever pf the faid oaths fuch perfon fhall take the words following, And that the faid freehold came to me by marriage, marriage fittlenient, defeent, devife, prefentation, to a benefice, or by promotion to fome office, to wknh fuch freehold is affixed (as the cafe fhall be) before the prefent vacancy happenedAnd if jtny eleftor fhall require the fame, the following words

fhall

The fifteenth andfixteenth Tears of George III.	225

ftafl be added tofuch oaths refpeftinly, that is to fay, And	A. D.

that lam not a papifty nor married to a pa pi ft, and I do not	1 775-6.

educate, or fuffei- to he educated\ any of my children under the aye Chap. 16. of fourteen years in the popifh relief on ; and that I am of the age of twenty one years, as 1 verily believe.

X.	Provided always, that where a convert from the po* Convert** pifh to the proteftant religion {hall tender his vote upon any

eleftion for a member or members to ferve in Parliament, the words, married to a papifty (hall be omitted, and the following words fhall be inferted in their (lead, if required by filch convert, have / fince my conformity to the protejlant religion married any papifinow living.

XI.	Provided always, That every (berifF, or other re- Oaths admi-tnrning officer or officers, or his or their deputy, fhall have niftcred by re. full power and authority to adminffier the refpeftive oaths turning officer, or affirmations in this aft mentioned, but not to any per- or ut?» _ fon whofe freehold is by the *fta now in force required to

be regiftered, until it fhall appear to him or them, that fuch freehold had been duly regiftered in manner thereby preferibed.

XII.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore- Repeated by faid, That no peffon whatsoever fhall be admitted to vote as 21 and 22 G. 3. an inhabitant on any eleftion for arty member or members c- 21. f. 1.

to ferve in Parliament for any borough in this kingdom, f * c*,5' where the right of voting is vefted in the proteftant inhabitants in general, or m the freeholders or inhabitants, until fuch perfod fo tendering his vote, in cafe of any objection made^thereto by airy eleftor, fhall take the following oath, or if a qrtaker affirmation, in (lead of the oath direfted by an aft made in the third year of his prefent Majefty, entitled, An ad for the more effeftual preventing bribery arid corruption in the eleftions of members to ferve in parliatnenty and the magijirates of cities, boroughiy and towns corporate, that Is to lay,

I	dofwear,	or {if aqua-

ber) do affirm, that I am an inhabitant of (here naming the place where fuch eleftion is) and that my houfe is fit stated in	and my next neighbours

are	and	I	have been an inhabitant of the faid

borough far theft fix months lafi pafi, and that I am not nor have L been within thefe fix months lafi pafl an inmate or lodger «with any other perfon in faid borough, but have paid the vjndl and cufiomary taxes and ceffes in faid borough as an houfe-hoi* dir, which have been legally demanded of me : and that I did not divide my houfe in order to multiply votes at this eleftion • and that 1 did not come to rtfide in faid borough, fince the prefent vacancy happened, nor in order to give my vote at-this eleftion.	So help me God.

Vol. VI.	P	And

Palfc oath

Jiuniford as wil-iil perjury.

After tefle no gift, &c.

The fifteenth and fifteenth Tears of George II ^

And if any candidate, or any perfpn having a right to vote, (hall require it, thefe words (hall be added to the faid oath: jfnd that I am of the age of twenty one years, as I verily believe : and if the fame (hall be in like manner required, the following words fhall alfo be added, and that I am not a pa-fifiy nor married to a papift, and do not educate or fnffer io be educated, any of my children under the age of fifteen years in the popijh religion : provided, that if a convert from the popifh religion fhall tender his vote, inflead of thefe words (nor married to a papift) then fhall be inferted in the laid oath the following words, that is to fay, Nor have I fince my conformity to the protejlant religion married any pa-pijl now living.	,

Which oath or affirmation the fenefchal, or returning officer of fuch borough, or bis or their deputy or deputies appointed as aforefaid, is hereby impowered and directed to adminifler to fuch voter at the requeft of any elector; and on fuch voter fo taking the faid oath, or if a quaker, the faid affirmation, then and not before fuch fenefchal or returning officer fhall admit fuch vote; and the faid oath or affirmation, if a quaker, fhall be abfolutely final and concluiive evidence to the faid fenefchal or returning officer of fuch borough, or his deputy, that the perfon fo taking faid oath, or making faid affirmation, is qualified to vote at fuch election ; and no fuch voter fhall be liable to any further feru-tiny or examination whatfoever J>efore fuch fenefchal or returning officer, or his deputy, on any fuch election.

XIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That if any fheriff, or other returning officer, his or their deputy or deputies, eledtor or other perfon taking^the oath, or oaths, or affirmation herein before mentioned, or any of them, fhall be guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury, or fali'e affirming, he fhall and may be profecuted for the fame by ip-didtment or other wife, as perjury in any court of record may pow be profecuted, and, being thereof convicted, he fhall incur and fuffer the pains and penalties, which by law are or may be inflicted in cafes of wilful and corrupt perjury.

XIV.	And bo it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That no perfon hereafter to be elected to ferve in Parliament for any county, city, town, or borough within thy kingdom, after the tefte of the writ of fummon6 to Parliament, upon the calling or fiimmoning of any Parliament hereafter, fhall by himfclf, his friends, or agents, or any employed on his behalf, and at his colt and charge, before his election to ferve in Parliament for any county, city, town, or borough within this kingdom, directly or indirectly give, prefent, or allow to any perfon or perrons, having voice or vote in

fuch

Thefifteenth andfifteenth Tears of George IT I. filch ele&ioo, any money, meat, drink, entertainment, or proyifion, or make any prefent, gift, reward, or entertainment, or ftiall at any time hereafter make any promife, agreement, obligation, or engagement, to give or allow any money, meat, drink, provision, present, entertainment, or reward, to or for any fuch perfon or pcrfoi.s in

rticular, or to any Inch county, city, town, or borough general, or to or for the ufe, advantage, benefit, employment, profit, or preferment of any fuch perfon or perfons, place or places, in order to be ele&ed or foi being elected to ferye in Parliament for fuch county, city, town, or borough.

XV.	And he it further ena&ed and declared by the authority aforefaid, That every perfon and perfons lb gir^ giving, ing, prefent ing, or allowing, making, promising, or engag- duabied* ing, doing, acting, or proceeding, fhall be and are hereby declared and enacted djiabled, and incapacitated upon fuch election to ferye in Parliament for fuch couqty, city, towq, borough, pr place, and that fu^cb perfon or perfons Ihalf be deemed and taken, and ^re hereby declared and on* acted to be deemed and taken, not to be members in Parliament, nor fhall a£t, fit, pr have any vote or place in Parliament, b it (hall he and are hereby declared and enacted to be, to all intents, conitru&ions, and purpofes, as if they had been	returned or elected	for	the

Parliament.

Perfon vf®

'V

CHAP. XVII,

An Aq to explain and amend the feveral Statutes now in Force in tbit Kingdom relative to the Exchange of Glebe Lands, and the endowment of Churches with new Glebes ; and to remove fomc uoubts relative to jaid Statutes, and for other Purpofcf.

WHEREAS a doubt hath arifen, wither underth?

feveral ads of Parliament now in force in this {a1'#* dom relative to the exchange of glebe lands, and for other purpofes, a tenant for life of lands in poffefljon is empower, ed and authorized by virtue of the faid acts to exchange fuch lands, or any part thereof, in like manner and for fucl| pnrpofe3 as tenants in tail in poffeflion are enabled and authorized to do by virtue of faid adts o^ny of them : now, in order to remove faid doubt and for the better and more Tenant L in fpeedy execution of the good purpofes intended by faid poffeflion may ads, be it enacted by the King’s molt excellent Majeffy by t>y deedex-and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and ^ranf^n&#c temporal and commons in thi^ prefent Parliament aifcrqbled, b°Jf cL i. c. x<( Pa	and

under reftrifli-on3 hy 2 Anne, c. io.

The fifteenth and fifteenth Tears bf George ITT* and by the authority of the feme* That it (hall and may bt lawful to and for every perfon or perions, being feixed of ti eftate for life in pofleffion in any land3, by his or their deed or deeds under his or their hands and ft*ala to exchange fuch lands, or any part thereof, as a glebe for the incumbent of min liter of any parifh having attual cure of fouls, or for a demefnc fot a matter of any free fchool, in fuch manner anA in fuch effect as perfons, feized of an eflate tail in pottera* on of any lands, are enabled to grant fuch lands* as a glebe for the incumbent of any parifh having aftual cure of fouls by an aft that patted in the firtt year of his late Majclty KingGeorge the fecond, entiteld, An ad for rendering more ft fie dual an ad, entitled, An adfor the better enabling of the ckrgj having cure of fouls to rejide on their refpedive beneficer, erd for the encouragement of proltfiant fchools noitk'm this kingdm of Ireland; and under fuch reftriftions as he or they might have done by virtue of an aft, entitled, An ad for the exchange of glebes belonging to churches in this kingdom, which patted in the fecond year of her late Majelty qoeen Anne, or any other aft now in force in this kingdom.

II. And whereas there is fome room to doubt from the fevzral laws and ftatutes now in force in this kingdom’rcla-ti e to the endowment of churches, chapels, perpetual curacies, and free fchools with new glebes or demefne lands* whether fuch endowments* or any of them* as aforftaid can be made under the powers and by virtue of the feveral fta* tutes now in force in this kingdom for that purpofe, in any cafe where fuch church, chapel, or perpetual curacy, or free fchools, fo to be endowed with fuch new glebe or demefnc, (hall at the time of faid intended endowment be poftcflcd of ten acres of glebe lands in perpetuity to fuch church, To encourage chapel, or perpetual curacy, or free fchool belonging : now, clergy to build in order to remove faid doubt, and for the better encouragement of the clergy^ to build glebe houfes, and to refide within their refpeciive jjarifties, be it enafted by the authority aforelaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for any ecclefiii-tical or lay corporative, or body corporate or politick, and for every perf;n or f>erfon6 feized of an eftate in fee, or for life, or in tail, of any Lands in pofleflion, without the con-fent of the next heir, or next in remainder, under the fe7C-tel rules, limitations, and reftriftions of the faid fevcral ftatutes in force in this kingdom for that purpofe, and in pur-fuance of the fame, to endow with new glebe and demefue any church, chapel, perpetual curacy, or free fchool, though fuch church, chapel, perpetual curacy, or free fchool, fhould at the time of faid endowment be in pottHtton of more than ten and under twenty acres of glebe lands or demefne to fuch church, chapel, perpetual curacy, or *	*	"	free

glebe houfes and relidc, See,

Yhe fifteenth andfixteenth Years of George III.	22$

free fchool, of right belonging; provided that fuch quan-	A. D.

tity of land fo granted, together with all other glebe to	1775-6.

Inch church, chapel, perpetual curacy, or free fchool be- Chap. 17, fore belonging, fhall not exceed forty acres, plantation >— meafure.

III. Provided, That nothing in this aft contained fhall Statute as to extend or be conftrued to extend to alter or take away	or from the force of the feveral laws and flatutes now m force new>

in this kingdom relative to the exchange of glebe lands, or the endowments of churches with new glebes; but the fame and every part theieof fhall remain and be in full force, as if this aft had never been made, fave where they or any of them are altered or amended by this aft.	’

IV.	And whereas the mother church of the parifh of Cathedral in Armagh hath been in ruins for a time paft the memory of Armagh deemed man, infomuch that the fite of faid church cannot at this day thurchfo^all be fufficiently afeertained; and whereas the cathedral church kgai pur.

of faint Patrick’s, fituate in the city of Armagh, hath been pofei, &c. hitherto made ufe of from its convenient fituation to all parts of faid parifh to ferve for all the legal purpofes of a parifh church within faid parifh : be it enafted by the au- ^ thority aforefaid, That all afts, had and done heretofore in laid cathedral church as the mother church of laid parifh, fhall be and are hereby declared to be as good and valid in-law to all intents and purpofes, as if the faid cathedral church had been the mother church of faid parifh, and that for the future the faid cathedral church of faint Patrick’s,

Annagh be deemed and taken to be the mother church of laid parifh of Armagh for all legal purpofes whatfoever within the faid parifh without prejudice to the rights, privileges or immunities, of faid cathedral; and alfo fav-ing to his grace the lord archbifhop of Armagh, his fuc-cefiors, and the dean and chapter of faid cathedral, and their fucceflors, their feveral ^nd refpeftive^ and diftinft rights, privileges, and immunities in laid cathedral; anything in this aft contained to the contrary in any wife notwith-JUndmg.

CHAR

Digitized by v^ooQle

The fifteenth andfixteenth	of George Ilf.

CHAP. XX.

230 A. D.

Every claufe relating to extending yrovifi-on% herein to l>a-Tpuy of Doaore repealed by 19 and 20 G. 3. c. 44- ( I7‘

An Aft to explain and amend an Aft, entitled. An Aft for paving the Streets, Lanes, Qrtays, Bridges, Square!, Courts^ and Alleys9\nuithin .he City and County of the City of Dublin, tnd other Purpo/es relative to tie fa id City of Dubli,iy and ether Places therein particularly mentioned % and fir extending the Provifions of the /aid Ad to the Baron; es of Saint Sepulchre*s and Doaore.

No part of the XXVlII. A ND wberea9 it is highly conducive to the ^rouUd» leafed	xjL	health	and welfare of the citizens of Dub-

ior buildii.g. tin, that the pkalure grounds, belonging to the hofpital for the reception of lying-in women, fhotild remain and continue to and for their ufe and recreation, as they' have heretofore been : be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall not be lawful for the governors or guardians of faid hofpital, or their fuccefiors, to leafe out the whole or any part or parcel of faid pleafurc grounds for the purpofes «f building thereon.

Fufnfter* sVc. XLIII. And whereas by the faid former a& of the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his prelent j 3 and 14 G. ^lajefly provision is made for eftablifhing a market jury, 3. c. 22. i. 73. confiding of twenty four refpt&able citizens of the (aid city, part of forty eight to be returned by the (hcriffs of the faid city ! and whereas it may prove very inconvenient to the publick, if barrifters at law, phyficians, attorn its at law, or furgeons, fhall be liable to be put upon the faid jury: be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That baniders at law, phylicians, pra&ifmg attornies at law, and furgeons, following their bufinefs as fuch, (hall be exempt from ferving upon the faid market jury, and fhall not be liable to be returned by the fheriffs of the faid city for that purpofe.

G H A P. XXI.

An Ad to prevent andpnnifh tumultuous Pifings of'Perfms within this Kingdom, and for other Purpofes therein mentioned.

0 Riotous af* feinhling of White Boys,

iunifhed as creia.

WHEREAS it has frequently happened of late yean in different parts of this kingdom, that feveial per fens calling themfelves’White Boys and others as well by night as in the day time have in a riotous, diforderly, and tumultuous manner affembled together, and have abided and injured the perfons, habitations, and properties of many of

kis

Digitized by Google

Theffteefith andfixteenth Tears of George III.	231

Ws Majefty’s loyal and faithful fubjefts, and have taken and carried away their horfes and arms, and have compelled them 1775“^* to furrender up, quit, and leave their habitations, farms. Chap. 21, and places of abode, and have with threats and violence im-pofed fundry oaths and folemn declarations contrary to law, and folicited federal of his Majefty’s fubjefts by threats and promifes to join with them in fuch their mifehievous and iniquitous proceedings, and have alfo fent threatening and incendiary letters to feveral perfons to the great terror of his Majefty’s peaceable fubjefts, and have taken upon them-felves to obftruft the exportation of corn, grain, meal, malt, and flour, and to deftroy or damage the fame when intended for exportation, and have alfo deftroyed mills, granaries, and ftorehoufes provided for the keeping of corn ; which, if not cffeftually prevented, mull become dangerous to the general peace of this kingdom and his Majefty’s government therein: and whereas for putting a flop to and pu-nifhinjr fuch enormous outrages and offences an aft paffed in this kingdom in the fifth and fixth years of the reign of hi« prefent Majefty, entitled, jin aft to prevent for the future tv muhuotis ri/Ings of perfons within this kingdom, and for other purpofes therein mentioned ; which aft hath been from time to time continued and is now in force, but hath been found iufuflicient for the purpofes thereby intended, and for preventing and punifhing fuch wicked and unlawful praftices : be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and * with the advice and con fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, that no perfon or perfons (hall be indifted, or fuffer any pains or penalties, under the faid recited aft paffed in the fifth and fixth years of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for any offence which (hall be committed by him, her, or them from and after the firft day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy fix ; but that nothing herein contained (hall be conftrued to take away anv of the force or effeft of faid ftatute, fo far as it relates to offences which have been committed or which fhall be committed on or before the faid day.

II. And be it further enafted by the authority afore- Perfons arm-faid, That if any perfon or perfons from and after the firft ed with any of-day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy fix, fenfive weapon, being armed with any fire arms, firelock, piftol, or any of- £r fenfive weapon or weapons whatfoever, or having his, her, Jc fine> jmpril or their face or faces, body, or bodies, difguifed in any man- fonmept,

Jier Whatfoever, or wearing any particular badge, drefs, or hsreia. uniform not ufually worn by him, her, or them upon his, her, or their lawful occafiohs, or afluming any particular name or denomination not ufually aflumed by his Majefty’a fubjefts upon their lawful occafkms, fhall rife, affcmble, or ;	'	appear

Digitized by boogie

WUftil and malicious rif-

a.feiony’

After fhnfet, 6r fccfoi e 6 in forenoon, to af-fault or injure habitation or property, take boric, money, Ac. felony, death.

Tie fifteenth and fifteenth Tears of Gctfrge III. appear by day or by night to the terror of his Majefty** fubje&s ; every perfon (o offending, being thereof lawfully convidled upon indi&ment, (hall be adjudged guilty of aa high mxfdcrueanor ; and the court, before whom fiich perfon or perfons fhall be tried, fhall have power and authority to punifh fucli offender or offenders by fine and imprifonment, and to award pillory, whipping*, or other corporal puni(h-ment, with fecuiity for the future good behaviour of th« perfon or perfons fo convi&ed as in the diferetion of the court (hall feem meet.

III.	And be it ena&ed by the authority a fore fa id, That from and after the firft day of March, one thoufand fe*en hundred and feventy fix, if any perfon or perfons rifing or affembling in manner herein before mentioned, or in any other manner whatfoever fave as herein after is declared, (hall either by day or by night wilfully or malicioully (hoot at, mdim, or disfigure any perfon or perfons in any dwelling houfe or other place, or (hall knowingly fend any letter with or without any fi&itious name or names thereto fubferibed, demanding any money, fire arms, ammunition, or other thing or things, or threatening to injure the perfon or property of any of his Majefty's fubjeCt 8 ; or if any perfon or per-(out (hall by gift, promife, or threats procure any of his Ma-jefty's fubje&s to join in any of the aforefaid offences, or vfhall unlawfully compel, or by force, threats, or menaces attempt to compel, any of his Majefty’s fubjetts to quit his, her, or their habitation, farm, pofleffion, place of abode, or lawful employment, all and every perfon and perfons fo offending, being thereof lawfully conviited, (hall be adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall fuffer death as in cafes of felony without benefit of clergy.

IV.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Thit from and after the firft day of March, one thoufand feren hundred and feventy fix, if any perfon or perfons'fhaH at any time after fun fet and before lun rife, or before the hour ef fix in the forenoon though the fun fhould be arifen, mt-licioufly affauk or in any manner whatfoever malicioufly injure the lwbitation, property, goods, or chatties of any other, perfon or* perfons, or (hall forcibly and malicioully break into his, her, or their houfc, bam, or out houfe, or (hall malicioufly caufe any door to be open by threats, menaces, or fhall forcibly take or cany away any horfe, geld* ing, mare, or mule, or any gun, fword, or other offenfive weapon, or any money, or goods, or chatties, without the confcnt of the owner, or fhall caufe the fame, or any of the fame, to be delivered to them by threats or menaces, all And every perfon or perfons fo offending, being thereof law* fiddly convicted, fhall be adjudged guilty of felony, and (hill

fuffer

Digitized by ^.ooQte

i

Said offences.

^Fht jifteHtth andfifteenth Tears of George III. fuller death as in cafes of felony without the benefit of

<*«rgy-

V.	And be it further ena6ted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons fhall after the hour of fix in the forenoon, the fun being rifen, and before fun fet, commit any of the offences lad* herein before mentioned, ^eCn*tin^foa” he, (he, or they fo offending, (hall oh convi&ion thereof *

be punifhed by fine and imprifonment, pillory, whipping, or fuch other corporal punifhment as the court in their dif-cretion (hall think fit to impofe.

VI.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That Magiftrates, it (hall and may be lawful for every juftice of the peace, frc-ma3* aPPrc-fheriff, under (heriff, mayor, bailiff, or other peace officer,

within the limits of his or their refpeftive jurifdi&ions, Ci\ on kiUmgar taking with them the neceffary affiflance, (and they are here- hurting, by impowered and authorized to command all his Majefty’s fubje£ts of age and ability to be aflifting therein) t<K apprehend, difperle, refill, and oppofe all perfons concerned in any of the unlawful a£to before mentioned in this a£t; and if any perfon or perfons fhall happen to be killed, maimed, or hurt, in the apprehending, difperfing, refilling, or oppoting any fuch offenders, then every fuch juftice of the peace, fheriff, or other peace officer, and all and fingular perfons being aiding and aflifting to them or any of them, fhall be-freed, difeharged, and indemnified as well againft the king's Majefty, his heirs, and fucceffors, as againft all and every’

Other perfon or perfons, or for or concerning the killing, maiming, or hurting any fuch perfons.

yIf. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, affifhabet. That all and every perfon or perfons, who fhall from and or knowingly after the firft day of March, one thoufand feven hundred ^onccal *^)“s and feventy fix, aflift, abet, or fuccour any perfon or per- ony* fons to commit any of the offences aforefaid, or fhall wilfully and knowingly conceal any perfon or perfons, who have committed any of the offences aforefaid (for which Sentence of death as in cafes of felony, may be awarded)

4very perfon or perfons fo aiding* aflilling, abetting, fuc-. couring, or concealing fuch perfon or penons, fhall on be-. ing lawfully convi&ed thereof be adjudged guilty of felony,

And fuffer death as in cafes of felony without benefit of clergy.	,

VIII.	And in order to prevent for the future the feveral Satisfaction outrages and offences herein before mentioned be it further f°f cvezT enafted by the authority aforefaid, That fatisfa&ion and affiae^" Amends nftay be made in manner herein after mentioned to fitting forth all and every perfon and perfons, his, her, or their executors the injury, and or administrators, for all and every injury and damage whicK^^^8^* ftudl be done or committed againft his, her, or their perfon	9

or #

Digitized by v^ooQle

*3+

A. D.

1775-6. Chap. 21.

Talfcd n othtr publick money, 'extended 19 and 70 G. 3. c. 19. f 6.

Traverfe if prefentment above jl. &c.

Thefifteenth andf.xteenth Tears of George III. or perfons, habitations, poffeflion, property, goods, or chatties, by any offender or offenders againft. this a& ; and that every perfon or perfons, his, her, or their executors or ad-minillrators, who (hall fuftain any fuch injury, lofs, or damage by any of the offences herein before mentioned, may fue for and recover fatiafa&ion and amends for the injury lofs or damage, incurred or fuflered as aforefaid, at the next affixes to be held for the county where fuch offence was committed, by exhibiting to the judge or judges of affize, his, her, or their petition, praying fuch fatisfa&ion and amends for the injury, lofs, or damage fullained as aforefaid, and therein fetting forth particularly the injury and damage done to his, her, or their perfon, habitation, property, goods or chatties, and the particular value thereof, by w hat number of perfons he, (he, or they believe fuch injury or damage was done or committed, and of what religion he, fne, or they believe fuch offender or offenders, or any of them, was or w'ere, with the names and deferiptions of fuch of faid offenders, as he, (he, or they (hall know, and fuch particular deferiptions of fuch others of them as he, (he, or they can give ; and the matter (hall thereupon be examined by fuch judge or judges of affize in open court in the prefence of the grand jury, impannelled and fworn at faid affixes, on the oath of the party affaulted or injured as aforefaid, and iuch other evidence as. can be produced touching the faid offences, according to the nature thereof; and if on conlidera-tion of the matter fuch judge or judges of affize fhaU be of opinion, that the perfon or perfons preferring fuch petition hath or have fully proved the Cevcral matteis aforefaid, and the value of the injury or damage fullained as aforefaid,

* fo as to entitle him, her, or them to fatisfhclioo and amends, the faid grand jury (hall thereupon, and they are hereby required, purfuant to the due&ion of fuch judge or judges of affize as aforefaid, to prefent fuch fum or fums of money, as the perfon or perfons fo affaulted or injured in his, her, or their perfon, habitation, pofieifiou, property, goods, or chatties, ought in their opinion to have and receive for the lofs, injury, or damage by him, her, or them fuftaibed as aforefaid, to be railed eilher 011 the county, barony, towa or towns, parifh or parities, in or near which fuch offence ffiall have been committed, and in fuch proportions as they (hall think fit; which fum fo prefented a$ aforefaid (hall be applotted, levied, and raifed by fuch ways and means, and in fuch manner and form, as other publick money prefented at the affixes ffiall be applotted, levied, and raifed with* in fuch county purfuant to the laws now in force.

IX.	Provided, that if any perfon or perfons (hall find himfelf, herfelf, or tliemfelves aggrieved by any prefentment to be made in purfuance of thi* ad, fuch perfon or perfons,

in

Digitized by

Google

Notice of

%he fifteenth andfixteenth Teats of George Ilf. in cafe the fum prefcnted to be railed do exceed the futn- of five pounds, (hall or may at the laid affizes traverfe the fame ; which traverfe (hall be tried at the fame or the next enfuing affixes, as the judge or judges, who (hall allow the fame, (hall think fit; and if on fuch traverfe the ifTue (hall be found for the traverfer, fuch prefentment (hall be difcharg-ed, otherwife the fame (hall be final and conclufive to all perfons.

X.	Provided always. That every perfon or perfons apply-

ing for fuch prefentment (hall by himfelf; herfelf, or them-	^

fclves, or hy fome perfon or perfons for and on his, her, iifllcd'in toWn or tlicir behalf, (hall within forty eight hours after fuch in- or market, &c. jury and damage done or committed as aforefaid, or within examination of a reafonahle time after he, (he, or they (hall be at liberty, ^y^iteVhivh give notice thereof, unto fome of the inhabitants of fome notice, town or village near unto the place, where fuch fad (hall be committed, and (hall within fix days after fuch fad committed give notice to the high conllable of the barony, and

to the church wardens of the parifii, where fuch fad (hall be alledged to have been committed (if fuch high conftable and church wardens (hall refptdively refide within fuch barony and parilh,) who are hereby required forthwith topub-lifh the fame in the Several market towns of the barony and	<

parifh, where fuch fad (hall be fo alledged to have been committed ; and that alfo within fix days after fuch notice, fo given as aforefaid, either the perfon or perfons fo injured (hall give his, her, or their examination upon oath, or that examination upon oath (hall be given by his, her, or their fervant or fervants, or family, who are in his, her, or their houfe, or who had the care of his, her, or their habitation, poffeilion, property, goods, or chatties, before fomejuitice of the peace of the county inhabiting within the barony where fuch fad (hall be committed, or near unto the fame, thereby fpecifying whether he, (he, or they do know the perfon or perfons, who committed fuch fad, or any of them ; and if upon fuch examination it (hall be confefled, that he, (he, or they do know the perfon or perfons, who committed the faid fad,' or any of them, that then he, (he, or they (hall be bound by recognizance to profecute fuch offender or offenders by iudidmeut or otherwife according to the laws of this kingdom.

XI.	Provided alto. That every prefentment, to be here- Prefentment after made by virtue of this ad, (hall be made at the next d«ju alli?c*, &c. affizes after the fad committed, and (hall be read in open

court; and (hall not be made at any other affizes, unlefs fuch fad (hall be committed fo near the time of holding inch affizes, that due notice cannot be given before the firlt day of fuch affizes according to the diredion of this ad ;

in

Digitized by v^ooQle

ij6	The jifUenli andJUaemth Tears nf George III.

A. D. in which cafe it (hall and may be lawful for the perfon of 1775-& perfona, who (hall have fuftainod fuch injury or damage, to Chap, a 1. prefer his* her, or their petition, and to obtain fuch pra fentment, at the next enfuing affixes after fuch due notice fhaE be given as aforefaid.

Notreraorcd XII. Provided alfo. That no fuch prefentmeut (hall at **7	any time be removed by sertwrari, or the profecutioo there*

nor Qua&cd! uP°n oth^rwiSe delayed than by fuch traverfe as aferrCud, and that for fuch time only as (hall be ncccflary for the trial of fuch traverfe ; nor (hall any fuch preferment be at any time quafhed for any informality, imperfection, or dded io form whatfoever.

Copies of pre-fentment* and warrants, delivered, fee 6d.

$ O. 5. c. 8.

Magi ft rates may feize arm* nr ammunition

XIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore-faid, That the clerk of the crown for the county, where fuch presentment (hall be made, (hall, on requeft to him made, make and deliver to any perfon or perfona defiring the fame true copies Signed by him of all fuch prefentments, and of warrants for levying of any money grounded thereupon : for each of which there (hall be paid to the faid clerk of the crown the fum of fix pence only, and no more 3 and fuch clerk of the crown is hereby required to make and deliver the fame accordingly.

XIV.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore-laid. That all and every perfon and perfons, who hath or have been guilty before the firft: day of December one thou-fand feven hundred and Seventy five of any of the offences created by the aforefaid aft pa (Ted in the fifth and forth years of bis prefent Majefly’g reign, (other than fuch as are indifted, or m aftual and lawful cuftody for the fame, and other than fuch perfon or perfons who hath or have been guilty of murder, or been guilty of burning houfes, com, or hay; or who hath or have been guilty of maiming or disfiguring of any perfon) (hall by virtue of this aft be pardoned, acquitted and difeharged of the fame, provided Such perfon or perfons (hall on or before the firfl day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy fix, Surrender him, her, or themSelves to any of the juftices of his Majefb’s court of King’s Bench, or to any one or more of his Ma-jefty’s jullices of the peace in and for the county where be.’ (he, or they did commit foeh offence or offences, and (ball enter into a recognizance, with fureties, to keep the peace and be of good behaviour for the term of (even years; which recognizance (hall be returned by fuch jufttce to the next affixes, and (hall there remain among the records of the county.

XV.	And whereas notwtthftanding the laws now m being for the better Securing the government by difarming papilla there it good rcafoa to fcifpeft, that Several perfona

contrary

4

Digitized by v^.ooQle

The fifteenth andfinttentb Tears of George III.,

Contrary to the true intent and meaning of faid lairs have arms and ammunition in their cuftody and power ; by means thereof many of the mifehiefs herein before mentioned have happened : be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the firil day of March, one thoufand feven of papifU, or > hundred and feventy fix, it (hall and may be lawful for any rc,Putc|?\ one or more juftice or jullices of the peace, and for all lccnicd* mayors, (heriffs, and chief magiftrates of cities and towns *	.	^

corporate, within their refpe&ive jurifdi&ions, from time to time, as well by night as by day, to fearch for, feize, and carry away, or caufe to be fearched for, feized, and carried away, all arms and ammunition whatfoever, belonging to or in the cuftody or poffeflion of any papift or reputed papiil, not duly licenced to keep and carry the fame, or in the hands or poffeflion of any perfon or perfons in trail for them or any of them, and for that purpofe to enter into any dwelling houfe, out-houfe, office, held, or other placo belonging to fuch papift, or reputed papift, and into the dwelling-houfe, out-houfe, office, field, or other place belonging to any other perfon whatfoever, where he or they {hall have reafonable canfe to fufpeft, any fuch arms or ammunition (hall be concealed ; and fuch arms and ammunition, fo taken and feized (hall by the perfon or perfons fo friz in g and taking the fame be preferred for the ufe of his Majelly, his heirs and fucccffors, to be difpofed of as he or they (hall think (it; unlefs it (ball appear, that the (ame were forcibly taken and carried away from fome of his Ma-jefty^s fubjeda in manner herein before mentioned 5 in which cafe fuch arms and ammunition (hall be delivered to the perfon or- perfons, from whom the fame were fo forcibly taken ; and in cafe any fuch juftice or juftices of the peace, or other chief magistrate aforefaid, after fuch fearch made (hall have caufe to fufpe£t, that any arms or ammunition remain concealed and not feized as aforefaid, he and they is and are hereby required to caufe fuch perfon and perfons, whom he or they (hall fufped to have concealed the fame, to be brought before him or them, and to he examined upon his, her, or their corporal oath concerning the (ame.

XVI.	Provided always, That no perfon (hall be con- No penalty vi&ed or incur any penalty for any offence upon any confef- on fuch difeo-£on or difeovery, he or (he (hall make on being examined up- Tcr7> on oath as aforefaid, nor (hall any fuch examination be given in evidence againft the perfon fo examined, unlefs fuch per* fon (hall be iodi&ed for having committed wilful perjury in filch examination.

.XVII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority Rrfofingto aforefaid. That every fuch perfon or perfons, who upon deliver, declare,

demand

Digitized by

Google

have, ftc fine, imprisonment, it c.

The fifteenth andfxieenth Tears of 'Georg* TIL A. I). demand or fearch made for fuch arms or ammunition as 1775-6. aforefaid fhall refufe to deliver up the fame as afore laid, and Chap. 21. alfo to declare and manifeft to the juftice or juftices of the >r^^J peace, mayor, (heriffs, or other chief magi ft rates aforetrid, ©r d if cover fuch what arms and ammunition he, (he, or they, or any other to arms as they his» her, or their knowledge, or with his, her, or their privity, have, or (hall hinder or difturb the delivery thereof to the (aid juftice or juftices of the peace, or other chief tnagiftrate as aforefaid; and alfo every peifon and perfons who (hall refule to make difeovery upon his, her, or their oath, to be adrainiftered by fuch juftice or juftices of the peace or other chief magiftrate aforefaid, concerning the premifea aforefaid, pr behig fummoned by writing under the hand of one or more juftice or juftices of the peace, whereof notice in writing to be given to him or her, or left at his or her ufual place of abode, (hall without reafonablc caufe refufe or negle& to appear before fuch juftice or juftices of the peace, or other chief magiftrate as aforefaid, to be examined as aforefaid, every fuch peifon or perfons fo offending (hall, on being lawfully convicted thereof, be pun idled by fine and imprifonment, or fuch corporal pu* niftiment of pillory or whipping, as the court, before whom fuch perfon or perfons (ball be tried, Shall in their difcnrtioa think proper.

XVIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe any perfon or perfons, who (hall ap? pet Tuns maimed prehend, take, profecute, or convict, or who (hall ufe his, or wounded in hcr> Qr their cn(Jcavollrs to apprehend, take, profecute, or

Tteward, not abovr 50I. to

pi uiccuting,

not above Tool, tn executor* of thof« killed.

convict, any perfon or perfon6 guilty of any of the offences aforefaid, Shall happen to be maimed or wounded for or on account thereof, fuch perfon or perfons, fo maimed or wounded as aforefaid, (hail be entitled to fuch reward, nut exceeding the fum of fifty pounds, as the grand jury of the county aforefaid (hall with the approbation of the judge or judges of aflize diredf and appoint; and in cafe any perfon or perfons fhall happen to be killed in the apprehending and taking, or endeavouring to apprehend and take, any offender or offenders again ft this a£t, or in making purfuit after him, her, or them, that then the executors or admmiftra-tors of the perfon or perfons, to whom the 1 ight of atimi-niftration of the perfonal eltate of fuch perfon or perfons fo killed fhall belong, fhall be entitled to and receive fuch feward, not exceeding the fum of one hundred pounds, as the grand jury of the county aforefaid (hall with the approbation of the judge or judges of ailize direft and appoint; the faid laft mentioned rewards to be alio raifed by the pre-

fcntinent

Digitized by

Google

J

*Tbe fifteenth and fifteenth Tears of George III. fentment of the grand jury of fuch county, where fuch faft {hall be committed, and to be applotted, levied, and raifcd in fuch manner as other publick mooey prefeated at the aflizea {hall be raifcd, applotted, and levied.

XIX.	And whereas the gaols of this kingdom have of Breaking gaq^ late been frequently broke open, and the prifoners confined t0 r*,cu^ therein fet at large: he it enafted by the authority afore- " Amended faid. That from and after the palling of this aft every perfon r7 AUd 18 G. 3. Or pmons, ,who {hall by force or violence break open any c. 36 f. 7. 8.

faol or prifon with an intention to refeue and enlarge him, er, or themfelves, or any other prifoner or prifoners therein confined on account of any offence, though the fame be not capital, all and every perfon or perfons, who (hall commit fuch offence, and (hall be found guilty thereof, (hall fuller death as in cafes of felony without benefit of clergy, and (hall and may be tried before the trial or attainder of the perfon or perfons fo enlarged, any law or ftatute to the contrary in any wife notwithlkmding.

XX.	And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Rcfcuingca-faid. That every perfon, who (hall refeue any perfon com- pital offenders, xnitted by a juftice of the peace on a mittimus for treafon, *cl°Dy> death, felony, or any of the offences herein before mentioned pu-nifhable with death, from a conltable, or any perfon legally authorized for that purpofe, before the perfon or per-ions fo committed (hall be lodged in gaol, (hall, on being convicted and found guilty thereof, fuffer death as in cafes of felony without benefit of clergy.

XXI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Impofing . That all and every perfon or perfons, who (hall by force, vio- oath, Sec. fine, lence, or menace unlawfully impoi'e or tender any oath Cr P]Uory»or whip-oaths on any book or in any other manner anyTolemn p engagement on or to any perfon or perfons, (hall on conviction thereof be fined, imprifoned, pillored, or whipped, according to the diferetion of the judge, before whom he or they (hall be fo convifted j and that it (hall not be neceflary in any indictment for faid offence to fet forth the faid oath or oaths or folemn engagements particularly.

XXII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That all and every juilice of the peace in this king- ^ ^ dom (hall have full power and authority to fummon any per- cutc^on refuM fon or perfons within his jurifdiftion, whom he (hall have imprifonxnant, caufe to fufpeft to be capable of giving material evidence concerning any offence or offences committed againft this aft, and to examine him, her, or them relative thereto on hip, her, or their oath or oaths, concerning any of the of-fences aforefaid, and, if he (hall fee caufe, to bind fuch per-

fon

Juflicc* may , fummon evidence co profe-

Digitized by Google

Signals to encourage fuch Wcetir gS mif-dtmcauor*

A juftice in foreign county tnay illue wai-lar.t, commit, ba l, or dif-chargc, &c. as herein.

Former laws

as to laid offence* i ot repealed.

Thefifteenth andfiyeteenth Tear* of George III. fon or perfon9 in recognizance to appear and profccutc at the next affizes; and in cafe fuch perfon or peijfons, who (hall be fummojied for that purpofe, (hall refnfe to fubmit to fuch examination, or to enter into fuch recognizance, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch jnftice of the peace to commit the perfon or perfons fo refuting to the publick gaol of the county, where he is a juftice of the peace, on-til he, (he, or they (hall fubmit to fuch examination, or enter into fuch recognizance, or be difeharged by due courfe of law ; provided no fuch examination (hall fubjed the

E examined to any profccutton or penalty whatsoever, or rmitted to be given in evidence againft the perfon fo examined, unlefs fuch perfon (hall be indi&cd for haring committed wilful perjury in fuch examination.

XXIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the anthority afore-faid, Thdt every perfon who by found of drum, horn, mo-tick, fire, (hooting, or other fignal, (hall knowingly excite, encourage, or promote fuch unlawful meetings at afore* faid, (hall be adjudged guilty of an high mHdeameanor; and that all acceffarieS before and after any of the offences aforc-faid (hall and may be tried and convidrd, although the principal or principals be not taken or convicted.

XXIV.	And to prevent any defed in the execution of this ad, be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That if any juftice of the peace of the county, where any offence is committed, happens to be in another county, he, or any juftice of the peace for fuch foreign connty, may upon proper information iffue his or their warrant to ar-reft any perfon offending againft this ad ; and the perfon arrefted (hall be brought before tuch juftice of the peace; who is hereby impewered upon due examination and probable caufe appearing to him or them either to commit the offender to prilon, or to admit him to bail, if the offence, with which he is charged, be a bailable offence, or to dif-charge him if no fufficient caufe for his detainer (hall ap-' pear; and that fuch juftice of the peace (hall return all examinations and recognizances, taken by or entered into before him, to the next affizes to be held for the county, in which fuch offence is alledged to have been committed; and fuch juftice of the peace (hall or may be examined on the trial of fuch offender in the proper county ; and be (ball and is hereby required to attend and give evidence on fuch trial, unlefs prevented by fome fufficient reaibn, verified by the affidavit of the party, or fome other credible perfon, and approved of as a rcafonable excufe by the court.

XXV.	Provided always, and be vt further ena&ed by the authority afoiefaid, That nothing herein contained (ball be

conftrucd

V

The fifteenth andfxteenth Years of George 111.	241

con ft rued in any fort to repeal or alter (fave as herein be-	A. D.

fore mentioned) any ad of Parliament or law now in force	1775-6.

relating to the offences herein before mentioned; but that Chap. 21. inch ads and law or laws (fave as aforefaid) (hall remain in full force, as if this ad had never been made.

XXVI.	Provided, that nothing herein contained (hall Peaceable

extend or be conitrued to'extend, to the peaceable meetings meet,ui:=» *c* of any number of perfons for their lawful cccaiions, or at	*

any fair or market, or reputed fair or market, or any cufto-

mary affembly for innocent fport or recreation, not prohibited by or contrary to any law now in force.

XXVII.	And be it further enaded by the authority Read in court aforefaid, That every datife herein contained, (hall be read every aflizes. publickly in open court on the fecond day of every aflizes,

and the firft day of every quarter feflions of the pcac^ in every county of this kingdom.

XXVIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority ^ed^oTfuch aforefaid, That any two or more juftices of the peace, nfingoraf. having reafonable caufc to fufped any perfon or perfons fembiing, fum-guilty of any fuch unlawful rifing, affembling, or appearing moned to

as aforefaid, or of having been in any unlawful affembly to ^PPcar a®***, the terror of his Majefty’s fubjeds as aforefaid, or of intending fo to be, may fummon, and they are hereby required to fummon, before them the perfon or perfons fo fuf-peded to be guilty, and bind him, her, or them overby hia, her, or their own recognizance, to appear at the next enfuing aflizes, or general gaol delivery to be held for the county, in which he, (he, or they (hall refide, to anfwer fach matters as he, (he, or they (hall then be charged with, and to be of good behaviour in the mean time; and in cafe of refufal to appear to enter into fecurity as aforefaid, that then fuch juftices of the peace (hall have power, by warrant uuder their hands and Seals, to commit every fuch perfon or perfons to the common gaol of the county, there to remain until fuch perfon or perlons (hall fubmit to appear and enter into fuch fecurity as aforefaid, or until discharged by due courfe of law.

XXIX.	And whereas it is intended, that this law (hall be jonIne^^Bn° in force no longer, than publick neceffity (hall require : be pufiict neceffi-it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That this ty:

ad (hall continue in force to the twenty fourth day of Junfe Continued t© one thoufand feven hundred and feveuty eight, and no Ion- H June j8^o,

-	ay	f.	».

A«iendod *7 and 18 G. 3. c. 36. f. 7, 8 lo and 20 G. 3. c if f. 6. a6 G. 3. c. S4.

Vo... VI. *	CL .	CHAP.	f	73

Digitized by

*4*

A. D.

Amended 17 and 18 G. 3. c. 17.

13 and 14 O. ' 3. c. 47. i. 4. and 5.

I G* & c.

No bread (old in Dublin or liberties fate white ami lion {hold.

Lord mayor and ferrefchals fi-.a'l afeeruin afTtze and Weight by table I G. 2. c. 16.

.<4^, as hereip.

Th&ffteenth andjtxteewth Ttari of George IH.

CHAP. XXII.

An AH for amending an An paffed lajl> Seffim of Parfiamoat, entitled, An Ad for the bettor Regulation of the Baking Tftuk in the City of Dublin.

WHEREAS by an a& pa (Ted the lad fcilton oi Parliament, entitled, An ad for the better Regulation of the Baking Trade in the city of Dubhoy it if among other things ena&ed, That if any perfon do or (hall after die fir It day of Aitguft, one thousand fovea hundred and feventy four, make or hake for fal^ or fell or expofo to fale, within the city of Dublin, or liberties theicof, or within the liberties of Saint Sepulchres, Thomas Court and Donore, any loaf or loaves of wbcaten or white bread, fave of the rcfpe&ive avoirdupoife weights therein. mentioned, the perfon fo offending, and being thereof conrided, (hall forfeit th^ penalties- inflicted by ap ad made in the firft year of the reign of King George the fc-condi entitled* An Ad fir the regulating the price end affine of hready and the marhts: and whereat uumberlefa frauds tod impp/itioos have been pratified oa the ftubHck, nojwith-ftandingi the moll vigikitt attention, of the magilhrate: far remedy whereof, beh ena&ed-by the King’s moil excellent Majeliy by and with the advice andcanfent of the lords fpi-ritual and temporal and1 commons in this prefeui Parliament aflembkd, ana by the authority of the fasoe, That from and after the twenty fourth any of June, one thoufand feven hundredond leventy fix, noperfon or perions whatfoexef (ball make for fale, or fell or expoft to fale, in the city of Dublin or liberties thereunto adjoining, any fort or forts of bread other than white and boufehold* and that the lord mayor of the city of Dublin, and the fcnefohals of the (aid feveral liberties (ball from time to time afeertain within their refpe&ree jurifdi&iona the affiz< and weight of laid white bread, according to the tabic annexed to (aid aft of the firft year of the reign of King George the fscoad,for white bread, having refpeft to tbit middle price of wbeit, and middle price of Sour, and to make fuch allowance to the baker as they (hall think fit, ftotkfs than the fora of eleven fbiBmga for each quarter; and that fold afiize (hall he published; and the bakers and fellers of bread, who (hall ad contrary to &ch aflizc, fhall be punifhed in the fame manner injaid ad mentioned, and be fubjed to the like penalties to be recovered and applied m the fame manner as are in Aided by the faid ad upon perfons baking or feb ling of bread contrary to the faid ad; any thing con-4	tsvagi

Digitized by

Google

The fifteenth mtdfudeertth Teari of George III.	*43

tanked in the laid aSt of the lad feffion to the contrary not* A. D. trithftandiag.	177^*6.

II.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained (hall	—v—

be conflrued to prohibit the baking and felling of French French rolls tolls in fads manner, as has been accufbomed.	** u^ua*#

CHAP. XXIII.

*An An for the Relief of the Out Penfioners of the Hof pit al of King Charles the Second for antient and maimed Officers find Soldiers, of the Army of Ireland'%

XXPHEREAS the out penfioners of the hbfpital of To prevent ^ * King Charles the fecond, for antient and maimed Officers and foldiers of the army of Ireland, have of late	^

fuffered great impofitions and diftrefles from the fraudulent pra&ices of money lenders, from whom the faid outpen-fioners frequently take up money on terms many times molt u furious and oppreflive: for the prevention of all which &bufes and mifehiefs, be it ena&ed by the King’s molt excellent Majefty by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame.

That all aflignments, bargains, fales, contrafts, orders, letters, or powers of attorney, irrevocable, or conveying in-tered, and agreements or fecufities whatfoever, made by any out penfioner, for, upon, or in refpeft of any fum or fums of money due, or to become due, for or on account of the penijon of the faid hofpital, to fuch out penfioners as have Been or (hall be admitted thereunto, {hall from and after the twenty fourth day of June, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and feventy fix, be abfolutely null and void to all intents and purpofes.

CHAP. XXIV.

An A3 for the better regulating the Pipe Water of the City ,	(f Dublin.

WHEREAS the inhabitants of the city of Dublin have not of late been fufficiently fupplied with water, which hath been occafioned by the great increase of the inhabitants of the (aid city, and infufficiency of the works formerly conftru&ed to fupply fuch a number : and whereas the lord mayor, {heriff, commons, and citizens of the city of Dublin havfc for many ages pad been feized and pof-feiled of * wattfr-couri* from the river Dodcer, beginning Q^3	~	at,

Every houfe owner m Dublin, Hull pio-vidc a branch , 01 leaden pipe from inaio pipe.

Powers of the

corporation for regulating : he \»atcr couile of ttie ti«y of Dubhn.

fThe fifteenth nndfixteenth Tears of George III. at the weir at the foot of Ballnudery Hill* and paffing through the lands of Temple Oge and other lands to the city of Dublin, and at a great expcnce have made a bafon or refeivoir for water and other works: and whereas the laid corporation of the city of Dublin, to promote as much as in it lay, a fupply of water adequate to the confumption of the inhabitants of the laid city of Dublin, entered into a contra# with the company of undertakers of the grand canal for an ample fupply of pure wat^r at an expence of ten per cent, upon the grofs produce of the revenue that (hould arife to the laid corporation of the city of Dublin from the fale of the faid water, which contra# has been confirmed by an a# of Parliament ; and whereas it would tend to the health, fafety, and convenience of the inhabitants of the faid city, if the owner or occupier of every houfe in the faid city (hould be obliged to take a leaden branch from the water mains to fupply fuch houfe refpcc-tivcly : therefore, to enable the faid lord mayor, {heriffs, commons, and citizens of the city of Dublin more effe#u-aliy to carry the faid laudable purpofes into execution, and that the inhabitants of the faid city may have a regular, fuf-ficient, and conllant fupply of pure water, be it ena#ed by the King’s moilexcelle.it Majcily by and with the advice and coufent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the twenty fifth day of March, one thoiifand feven hundred and feventy feven, every owner or occupier of every houfe in the faid city of Dublin (belli, and they are hereby required, under the dire#ioo of tlxe proper officer or olficers of the faid city to provide for the ufe of fuch houfe or houfes one branch or leaden pipe of the ufual and accuflomcd dimenfions to convey tbc watir from the feveral main pipes, that now are or hereafter may be laid in the feveral ftreeln, alleys, yards, courts, fquares, lanes, or on the quays in the faid city, into fuch houfe or houfes in the faid city.

II. And the better to enable the faid lord mayor, {heriffs, commons, and citizens of the city of Dublin to conftru# new mains of larger dimenfionB than heretofore ufed, and to extend the faid works, be it ena#ed by the authority aforc-faid, That from and after the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundied and feventy feven, every owner or occupier of every houfe in the faid city of Dublin (hall pay to the faid lord mayor, (heriffs, commons, and citizens the city of Dublin, or to the officers or colle#ors by them appointed, the following fums only, and at the following rates for water ; for every dwelling houfe paying fifteen (ki£'mgfc and upwards miniftcr’s money the annual rent

oy

Google

The fifteenth andfifteenth Years of George I IT.

fum of twenty millings ; for every dwelling houfe paying from ten (hillings to fifteen (hillings miniiter’s money the annual rent or fum of fifteen (hillings \ and for every dvrelling houfe paying lefs than ten (hillings mini Iter* s money the annual rent or fum of ten (hillings.	t

III.	Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority Where not aforefaid, That where the minifter’s money is not afeertainedj a^cr^j^^to then fuch houfe or houfes fhalf be chargeable with and pay at ** ra c the rates before mentioned according as rated by the work

houfe books.

IV.	And whereas many houfes are let out in lodgings or	^m

tenements to divers tenants: be it enaded by the authority the foregoing aforefaid, That then and in fuch oafe the foregoing rent, rent (him be payable at the rates herein before mentioned, (hall be paid $ P*‘d, and the and the faid lord mayor, fheriffsi commons, and citizens are

hereby impowered to levy the fame from the owner of |eVy thc l;imc owners of fuch houfes or tenements, or from the occupier or by diftref% as occupiers of any part or parts of fuch houfes or tenements the in fuch manner as other diftrefles and fales arc by this ad directed j and fuch occupier or occupiers of fuch ten©*	’

ments, being parts of houfes, are hereby required and au^ thorized to pay fuch fums, as are herein before mentioned, in purfuance of this ad, and to dedud the fame out of the rent of his or their holding! ; and the owners or proprieties are required to allow fuch dedudions and payments up* on the receipts of the refidue of the rents j and all fuch tenants, paying fuch annual rents for water as herein charged,

(hall be acquitted and difeharged for fo much, as faid rent amounts to, as if the fame were adually paid to fuph perfons , to whom the rents of their holdings (hould have been due . and payable.

V.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That w-atcr ufrAiii every brewer, malt tier, diftiller, fugar-baker, tanner, (kinner,

dyer, and every other perfon or perfons, who (hull make ufe by agreement of the faid water in their feveral occupations or manufactures, (hall pay for the faid water agreeably to the prefent mode according to their refpedive confumptions and agree* ments for that purpofe between them and the, faid c’ty : pro* vided the faid fum (hall not exceed the fum of twenty pounds Jn any one year for each portion.

VI.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That ^

If any perfon negled or refuTe to pay the annual rents here- ^v; N in before mentioned for twenty one days after perfonal de- th‘hc(\*c tnand thereof, or demand in writing left at the place of abode or occupation of the perfons fo diroded to pay the laid rents, it (hall and maybe lawful to and for the faid brd •mayor, (heriffs, commons, and citizens of the faid city of I)ubliu, or their officers or receivers appointed to receive the faid annual rents, by warrant upder the haiU and.leal of the

lord

a.

Google

246	The fifteenth andfixteenth Tears of George III#

A. D,	lord mayor of the faid city for the time being (which wta-

1775-6.	rant the faid lord mayor is hereby authorized and required

Chap. 24. to grant) by and with the aififtance of the high conflabk of the faid city of Dublin 5 or of a conftableof the pariib or place, where fuch negleft or refolal (hall happen (who h required to be aiding a?d affifting, to enter into the houfes or lands within the (aid city, occupied by perfona fc chargeable with the faid rents, and to diftrain their goods and chatties; and if the faid annual rent (hall not be paid within twenty one days after fuch diftrefs together with the cofts of the faid diftrefles, to he afeertained by any two or more juft ices of the peace for the county of the city of Dub; ljn, then to fell fo much and fuch part thereof as will be fufheient to pay the (aid rent, with all cods and charges attending fuch diftrefs and fale, returning the overplus (if any) to the owners of fuch goods and chat ties.

Diftrefs mwAc VII. And be it ena&cd by the authority aforefaid, for money. That where any diftrefs is made for any money to be levied bf darned lawful, t^8 a<c^ diftrefs jtfclf (hall not be deemed unlawful, aor the parties making fuch diftrefs be deemed trefpafiers oa account of any default or want of form in any proceedings relating thereto, nor yet be deemed trefpa&rs ah tmda on ac> count of any irregularity afterwards done by the party or parties diftraining, byt the pcafon aggrieved by fuch irregularity may recover full fatisfa&ion for the fpccial damage in an a&ion on the cafe.

Unlefc tender VIII. And be it tnaAcd by tha authority afore&d, before aAion*	That no plaintiff (hall recover in any a&ionfor any fuch i*

defeudants°bc- , *egularity, trefpafs* or other proceedings, i£ tender of fuf fore iftue may ficient amends (hall be made by or on behalf of the parties, pay into sourt. who committed or caufo to be committed any fuch irregularity, Uefpafs, or wrongful proceedings, before fuch adfa‘01 brought; and in cafe no fuch tender (hall have been made before a&ion commenced, it* (hall be lawful for the defend ants in any fuch a&ions by leave of the court before ifiue joined to pay into court fuch fum of money, as he or they . . fhall think fit, whereupon fuch proceedings or order aad judgment (hall be had, made, and given in and by fuch court, as in other aftions wherein the defendants arc aUowed to pay money into court.

Corporation * IX. And be it cna&ed by the authority afbrefaitf ^nay regulate That the lord mayor, fheriffs, commons, and citizens of thi asVy 6^g’ f *c P*! Dublin maJ and are hereby empowered to make fich 15.	*' regulatibns for the better improvement of the (aid works,

and to lay down fuch mains upon fuch conftru&ions, as to £hem may feem expedient, from the place called the city bafon through the federal ftreets, alleys, yards, courts, fquares, and lanes on. the quays of the fai$1 city of Dublin?

and

Google

i-4*h of rent

Vke fifteenth andJixteenth Tears of George III. and they are hereby appointed confervators of the fa id water and water-courfe from the faid bafon to and through the feverai places aforefaid with the fame powers, rcfericiioiYS, refervations, and penalties, and fubjtd to the fame appeal, as is dire&ed and appointed by an ad of Parliament palled in this kingdom in the fexth year of the reign of his late Majdly king George the fixft, entitled, yin ad for cleaning and repairing the water-courfe leading from the riverDv-deer to the city of Dublin, and to prevent the diverting and corrupting the waters therein*

X.	Provided always, and be it cnaded by the authority

aforefaid, That in cafe any houfe in the faid city thall at	water

any time or times hereafter from the twenty-fifth day of ai day«ftcvef-March, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy feven, for lively.

the fpaee of twenty one day6 fucceffively want water through the negligence or inattention of the faid lord mayor, iheriSs, commons, and citizens, or by the negligence, corruption, or inattention of any of the officers employed by them in the faid works, in fuch eafe, and not otherwife, it (ball and may be lawful for the owner or occupier of fuch houfe <ir houfes to retain out of the annual rent, which they are direded to pay by this ad, one fourth part of their faid rent for the faid year, in which fuch omiffion or default (hall happen, as a compenfation for fuch want or detention of water,

XI.	And be it farther coaled by the authority afoYefaid,	w

Tliat the faid mayor, fhcrifFs, commons, and citizens of the mortgage laid oity of Dubliu, may, and they are hereby impowered to, rents, borrow at intereft upon the credit of the faid rates and rents •

fuch fums, as they lhaH find neceffary for the purpofes of this ad, and may demitc cur mortgage the faid rents, or any part thereof, the coils of fuch mortgages to be paid out of fiich rent, as a fecurity to any perlon who ihaH advance fuch fum or fums, by writing under the common feal of the laid corporation in the form or W the effect fob lowing *

4‘ By virtue of an a d made in the fifteenth and fixtfenth 4t years of the reigu of his Majcfty King George the third u for regulatiog the pipe water of the city of Dublin,

44 the lord mayor, vberiffs, commons, and citizens of the 44 city of Dublin, in confederation of the fum of *	to	the treafurer of the faid lord mayor,

44 fheriffs, commons,* and citizens of the city of Dublin in 44 hand paid, do grant, bargain, fell, and deraife unto “	his	executors,	adiniuillrators,	and

44 afligns, fuch proportion of the whole rents ariling by 44 virtue of the faid ad, as the faid fum of 14	doth	or (ball bear to the whole fum of mo-

“ ney

Digitized by

Google

24R

A. D. 1775-rt. Chap. 24.

The fifteenth andfixteenth Tears of George III. u ney advanced or to be advanced on the credit thereof, to “ be had and holden from this

u day of	in	the	year of our

“ Lord	for	and	during	the conth

u nuance of the faid aft, unlefs the faid fum of li	with	intereft	at	the	rate	of

**	per	centum	per	annum	(hall	be	fooner	repaid and

“ fatisfied.”

eopie* entered. And that COpjeg Qf jQ] fUgh mortgages or fecuritiea (hall be entered in the books or other records of the faid corporation of the city of Dublin.

Transferable XII. And be it further enafted by the authority afore-by indorfement. faJ<J, That ail perfons, to whom fuch mortgage or fecurity (hall be made, andalfo all perfons to whom the fame (hall come by fuchjndorfement, as is herein after mentioned, may from time to time transfer their right, title, intereft, or benefit to the faid mortgages or fecuritics, and the faid principal and intereft thereby fecured, to any other perfon orperfoni by indorfing on the back of fuch fecurities the following words:

“ I do transfer this mortgage or fecurity with all my M right and title to the principal hereby fecured, and to “ all the intereft now due upon the fame, unto u	his	executors,	adminiftrators,	and

M afftgns. Dated this	day of

G. H.

XIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore-faid. That fuch transfers and aftignments (haU entitle fuch aflignees, their executors, adminiftrators, and afligns to the benefit thereof and payment thereon ; and fuch aflignees may in like manner alfign or transfer the fame again, and fo toties qUoties ; and that it (hall not be in the power of fuch perfon, who (hall have made fuch affignment, to make void or difeharge the original fecurity or monies thereby due.

^ad*de*°ee* XIV. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, cqu grec. That all perfons, to whom fuch mortgage, fecurity, or affignment (hall be made, (hall be (in proportion to the fums mentioned) creditors on fuch rents, on credit whereof fuch Aims are advanced, in equal degree one* with another, and (hall have no preference in refpeft of tne prior advancement of fuch money, or prior date of fuch mortgage or other fecurity.

So toties . quoties. Sec.

XV.	And

Digitized by

Google

The fifteenth anJfix/eentb Tears of George III.

?XV. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the property of fuch lender fhall be deemed and adjudged in all courts of law and equity to be perfo-nal and not real eilate, and fhall not be deemed or adjudged fubjeft to or to be affected by any of the laws to prevent the Perfonal pro, further growth of popery, or fubjeft to any difeovery under the fame.	J	*

not to po-

pery laws.

XVI.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, 6 G. i.c. 16. That all the claufes of the aforefaid aft, palled in the fixth in force, Xave at year of the reign of his late Majefty King George the firfl, altered.

not hereby altered or varied, fhall be in force as fully, as if this aft had not been m&de.

XVII.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, Defendant* That if any aftion or fuit fhall be commenced or any reple-

vin brought againil any perfon for any thing done by him avow gene-under and in purfuancc of this aft, the defendant or de* r*lly, *c. fendants, avowant or avowants, or others making conufance in fuch aftion, fuit, or replevin, may plead the general iffue, or avow, or make, conufance generally, that the plaintiff |s indebted to the faid corporation of Dublin in a certain fum of money by virtue of this aft, and that the fame ftill remains due, and give this aft and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trials thereupon, and that the dillrefs, or other matter or thing for which fuch aftion, fuit, or replevin fhall be fo brought, was taken or done in purfuance and by authority of this aft; and if in fuch aftion, fuit, or replevin the jury fhall find for fuch defendant, avowant, or perfon making conufance, or if the plaintiff fhall be nonfuited or difcontinue,-or if by default, or upon any demurrer, judgment fhall be given for fuch defendant or avowant or perfon making conufance, in any of the cafes aforefaid, fuch defendant or avowant, or perfon making conufance, fhall have double cofls, and fuch remedy for recovering the fame, as any defendant may have for cofls in any other cafe by law ; and, if the plaintiff fhall have proceeded by way of replevin, lhallalfo have judgment fora return of the diflrefs |ak?nl

XVIII.	Provided always that nothing herein contained No rent for fhail extend to charge any brewer, or other perfon entitled ^ter noTdc-^ to and pofltffed of the ufe of any part of the water of the rived under faid river Dodeer by title not derived under the faid lord corporation, mayor, fheriffs, Commons, and citizens, with the payment of the rent for any water or watei-courfe, to which

they are fo entitled, and whereof they arc now in poffcf-fion.

XIX.	Saving neverthelefs to the King’s mod excellent Saving right Majefly, and all bodies politick and corporate, and every otiier8‘ other perfon whatfoever, except the lord mayor, fheriffs, commons, and citizens of the city of Dublin, and the

*	ftveral

\

Digitized by

Google

The fifteenth andJixteentb Tears of George III. feveral guilds within the faid city, all fuch right, title, and intcreft in the faid water and water-comics, as they would have had, if this ad had never been made.

XX.	And be it further enacted by the authority afore-laid, That all the cofts and charges in preparing, drawing, obtaining and palling this ad, thall be deduded, as foon as may be, out of the fit ft money received by virtue thereof; and that this ad (hall be deemed a pubiick ad, and judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juftices,. and other perfona without fpccially pleading the lame,

CHAP. XXV.

An A3 for amending an A3 faffed in tie eleventh and twelfth Tears of his frefent Mayfly's Reign, entitled. An A3 for better regulating the Foundling Hofpital and Workhoufe in the *7 G. 3. c. 57. City of Dublin t and inereajtng the Fundfor the Support then-f 4*	of; a!fo for making a Provifion for appointing a Locum

Tenens in cafe of the Death or Abynct of the Lord Mayor, or the Frefident of the Court of Confcience%

11 and fa G. XX^HEREAS by an ad palled In the eleventh and 3 c. 11. f jo. ** twelfth years of the reign of his prdent Majefly, entitled. An aff for the better regulating the foundling bojfital and worl-houfe in the city of J)ubtiH> and iticreafing the fundfor the fupport thereof; alfo for making q fmifion for appointing 0 locum tenens in eafe of the deqth or abfcnce of the lord mayor x or the prefident of the court of conference, the affiftants appointed by the governors of the foundling hofpital and work-houfe of the city cf Dublin, or any five of them, are im-powered to put in force and execution all and every the laws, rules, orders, and regulations, which have been or fiutH from time to time be made or ordained at any of their (aid quarterly or other general meetings or affcmblies, wherein eleven at lead fhaH have been prefent; and whereas every rule, order, regulation* and by-law fubfifting on the twenty third day of June one thoufand feven hundred and feventy two* is thereby made good and valid, fubjeCf neverthelefs to be amended, altered, or made null and void by the faid governors thereby created, or any twenty one of them, or more: be it euafted by the King’s mod excellent Majefly '	by	and with ffie advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and

temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament affenv bled, and by the authority of the fame, That the governors of the foundling hofpital and work-houfe of th^city of Dublin, (hall have full power and authority to make and ordain rules, orders, by-laws and other regulations at their

quarterly

A pubiick t51.

(hi! adt and 6 G 1. c. »6. (f*ve as alfcred) in force by i»y' and to G. 3.

«. rj. f. ,9.

G. 3. «. 4«.

?8 G. 3. c. 5a

Theffleenih aadf*tsentb Tears of George 111. quarterly or other general meetings or aflemblie* to be hold-en in purfuance of the faid a&.

II.	Provided always That no rule or regulation, here* after to be made by the faid governors (hall have t ho force of a bye law, uufefi fuch rule or regulation Shall be confirmed, twenty one governors at the leaft figning the fame at a Quarterly general meeting, the fame having been firft ptopofed at feme general meeting fourteen days at leaft previous to faid quarterly meeting or affembly, and notice given of its being to be taken into consideration in the fum-tnons for the faid quarterly meeting ; and that no bye law, at any time hereafter to be made, (hall be repealed, altered, or fufpended, except at a general quarterly meeting or af-fembly, twenty one governors at leaft being prefent, and alfo except the repeal, alteration, or fufpenfion thereof (hall have been propofed at fpme general meeting or affembly fourteen days at the leaft previous to fuch quarterly meeting or afTem-and notice given thereof in the fummons for fuch quarterly meeting or aflembly.

JII. And he it ena&edby the authority aforefaid. That if any governor (hall accept of or enjoy anyplace of profit, or any Salary or emolument, under the faid corporation, he Shall ceafe to a& as a governor, fo long as he Shall enjoy the fame.

IV.	And whereas by tbe Said it was enafted, That all and every poor child and children under the age of fir years, who (hall be found or taken up within the Said city and liberties thereunto adjoining, or fent to the foundling hofpital, Shall he received and kept therein or fent to nurfe therefrom ; and that all children who Shall appear to be fix years old, and whole age ShaD not be thought to exceed eight years, and (hall be preferred to the faid govetnors, eleven at leaft being prefent, or to the court of affiftants, in faid recited a ft mentioned,' or any five of them to be received or admitted into the faid houfe, Should be by them received, provided there Should be proper room in the faid boufe, and provided fitch child or chfldrcn, fo from time to time to be prefented for admiftion, Shall appear to be found in mind and body r and whereas the number of clttldren of the age of fix years and under have of late years incrcafed fo far beyond the expeftation of the faid governors, that the expence of fupporting them has exceeded every provifion, that could be made, exchiltve of grants of Parliament: in order therefore that the funds, appointed for the fupport of the foundling hofpital and work-houfe, Shall be applied to the proper ufe, be it emtfted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and feventy fix, there (hall not.be

received

Not bye Kiw»f

uniefs umfinn* ed, tt filing, at quarterly

meeting, pro* poled dayta . before at a general meeting, and notice in the luminous.

No i

nor to cojoy place or emolument under corporation.

n and 12 G.

3. c. 11. f. 16. recited.



Digitized by

Google

13 and 14

0. 3- c- 17. f. I-IT rdTernors or $ amftanes may reduce fines.

Quarterly meetings by 11 and 12 G.

3. c. 11. f. to. altered ta ad February, ift May, Auguft, and Novemberj unltfs Sunday.

No order of affiftant* valid, iinlcf* 5 prefent fign the 000k lame day.

11 and 12 G 3. c 1 r. f. 31. recited.

The fifteenth and fixteenth Tears of George lit. received into the laid hofpital or Tent to nurfe therefrom anf child, who (hall appear to be above the age of one year old, upon any account whatfoever, any law to the contrary not-withftanding.

V.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the faid governors or any eleven or more of than, or the court of afiiilants or any five of them, may in cafes, where any fine is incurred or liahle to be impofed by virtue of laid firft recited ad, impofe or inftid only fuch part of fuch fine according to the nature of the offenoe committed, as they in their diiicretion (hall judge proper j (o as fuch fiae to be impofed by them (hall not be lefs than twenty (hillings ; any thing in the (aid ad to the contrary notwiih-(landing.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That inftead of the dap in the faid ad appointed for the feveral quarterly meetings or aflemblies, faid quarterly, meetings or aftemblies (hall be held on every fecond day of February, firft day of May, firft day of Augult, and firft day of November, in eveij year, unlefs any of faid days fhould happen to fall upon a Sunday ; in which cafe fuch meeting or afTembly (hall be held on the Monday immediately following; and that every ad, matter, or bufinefs, by the faid recited ad or by this prefent ad ordered, direded, or allowed to be done at any of faid quarterly meetings or afTemblies, (hall and may be done on any of faid days herein before for that purpofe mentioned, except that the court of affiftants (hall be always cleded on the firft day of May in every year, or, if (aid day (hould happen to fall upon a Sunday, qu the Monday immediately following,

VII.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid,

no rule or order relating to the internal management of the faid hofpital, which (hall be made at any meeting of the court of aftiftants, (hall at any time be valid or conftrued to be fo unlefs five members, who were prefent at fuch meeting, (hall on the fame day lign their names in the book, in which the orders and resolutions relative to the fame are ufually entered.

VIII.	And whereas by the faid firft recited ad it was enaded, That for the better fupport of the foundling hofpital and work-houfe, and for the maintenance and education of all the children which have been or (hall be received • therein, there (hall be charged upon and paid into the faid governors and their fucceflors from and after the twenty fourth’day of June one thoufand feven hundred and feventy two for ever thereafter for all and every the houies within the feveral pariihes of Dublin, and the liberties of Saint Sepulchres, Thomas Court and Donore, and the liberties

of

Digitized by

Google

'	Tiefifteenth and fifteenth Tears of George HI.	M

mf Chrift Church and Saint Patrick’s thereunto adjoining, A. and within the fuburbs of (aid city, whether in (aid county or city, in all fuch places extra-parochial within the (aid county and liberties, the fum of fix pence in the pound yearly and every year for every pound of the yearly rent of every fuch houfe or houfes, as the valuations are returned for the colled ion. of minifter’s money, in the city, fuburb9, and liberties aforefaid ; and wheie no fuch valuations are or (hall be returned for the colledion of minifter’s money, or fuch houfe or houfes as are or (hall be built in a place extra-parochial, a new valuation may be made in the manner mentioned in (aid ad*

IX.	And whereas it has been found extremely difficult to afcertain the valuation of feveral of thofe houfes, where- afcertain valui-by the funds intended for the fupport of the (aid hofpital t»<m of feveral have been confiderably diminifhed: and whereas feveral houfc*, fuch to houfes, not charged with minifter’s money, are neverthclefs M crcin* charged with parifii or county cefies: be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid governors, until a valuation of fuch houfes for the collection of minifter’s money (hall be made, to charge all fuch houfes with fix pence in the pound, and with all other taxes chargeable thereon, for the ufe of the faid foundling hofpital ?nd work-houfe, to be afeertained by and applotted according to any pariih or county cefs, which hath been or (hall be made to charge any fuch houfe with the payment of any pariih or county cefs.

CHAP, XXVI.

An Act for encouraging the Cultivation* and for the better Prefervathn of Trees, Shrubs, Plants, and Roots.

WHEREAS the feveral ads of Parliament made for a8 O. 3. c. 36.

the encouragement of planting and for preferving 31	3 c. 40.

of timber trees, woods and underwoods, herein after mentioned, have not had the defired effed; and to avoid the oonfufion, which may arife from the multitude of the laws relative to the fame fubjed, it is thought expedient to repeal the faid feveral ads, and to make one new ad containing all fuch parts of the faid ads, as are proper to be continued, with fuch alterations and additions as are herein after contained : therefore be it enaded by the King’s mod excellent Majefty by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame.

That from and after the firft day of May one thoufand feven hundred and feventy fix an ad of Parliament palled in the.

tenth

1

'775-6.

Digitized by

I© W. 3. C 12,

4 Anne, c. 9.

9 Anne, c. 5.

*G. 1.«. g.

and fo much of 5 G 2. c. 9. a* relates to planting timber tiec% repealed.

Spoiling or deftroying timber or fruit tree, young trees or (hoots, without confcnt of owner, Ac.

Ti* fjhmtk vUjmmb Tm* if Gcorgt lit tenth year of the feign of his btt Majefty King WiflhJh the third, entitled* Am ad fir plaiting ami prefixing timber tries and woods, and alfo another ad of Parliament paffed ia the fourth year of her fete Majefty Queen Aane, entitled, An ad fir explaining and potting he execution an aBfirplmtmg and prefervtng trees axd woods, andfir explaining akd putting in execution an ad to avoid and prevent misdemeanors in idle and lewd perfont in barking of trees, and alfio another ad of Parliament paffed in the ninth year of her fete Majefty Qixen Anne* entitled* An ad far the further explaining and putting in execution an ad for planting and preferring timber trees am woods, and alfo another ad of Parliament paffed in the eighth year of the r^rgft of his fete Majcfty King George the firft, entitled, An ad for repealing part of an nR peftd in the tenth year of King WilBam the third* entitled* An oQ fir planting and preferring timber trees and woods, and nije fir giving further emoorisgement to plant and prrferve timber trees and woods, and aKo fo much of aa ad paffed in the fifth year of the reign of hit fete Majefty King George the fecond* entitled* Ait ad to encourage tht improvement of barren and wafle land and bogs, and planting of timber trees and orchards* as relates to the planting of lusher trees* fhaH be repealed and made m»H and raid.

II. And be it etnded by the authority afbrefeid, That from and after the firft day of May one thoafend feven hundred and feventy fix, every perfoo who (hall wilfully cut down or break down* bark* burn* pluck up* lop* top* or otherwife damage, fpofl, or deftroy, any timber tree, or fruit tree, or any young trees or (hoots, or any part thereof, without the confent of the owner or owners thereof firth

had and obtained, or who fhall be aiding or affixing in io doing* or who fhall have m his* her* or their pofTefbos any timber (Tree, or any kind of wood, underwood, poles, (licks of wood, (boots or young tires, fhrubs, plants* or roots* ' and fhall not give a fatisfa&ory account*, that he* (he, or they came fairly and honcfUy by the feme, or who fhall fia up in any church or chapel the green branches of any tree or fhrab, or any part of any tree or ftsrub* having- the haws on it, except holly, bay, buniftina, yew* or ivy, and (hall be thereof comri&ed upon the oath of. any one credible vrit-* nefs before any one of bis Majefty’t jufticea of the peace within his jutifdi&ion, Audi for every fuck offence forfeit and pay fuch fom of money, not exceeding fire pounds* as to fuch juft fee Audi feesi meet, together with the charges previous to and attending fuch conviction, to be afeertained by fuch juftice who (hall convi& the offender, and upon non-payment thereof, fuch juftice (hafi commit fuck offender to tbs oomasDH gaol, or houfe of oosre&ion of fuch county

Digitized by v^ooQle

The ffieenb afkdJixieentb Teats of George III.	IjJ

1yy warrant under hia band and feal, there to remain wkh- A. D. out bail or mainprise for any time not exceeding fix months, 1775-6. or until the (hid penaky and charges fiiaH be paid.	Chap.	26.

III.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- v—

foid, That all oak, beech, afh, elm, larix, fycamore, wal- Tries deem-ttut, chefnut, cherry, time, poplar, alder, quicken, or mountain afh, holly, timber, fallow, afp, birch, cedar, ana every pi tie and fir trees, (hall be deemed and taken to be timber other art. trees, within the true meaning and proviiion of this ad, and of every other act now in force in this kingdom relative to timber trees.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore* Deftroying faid, That every perfon, who (hall from and after the firfl or tak‘P£ day of May aforefaid, wilfully cut down, or break down,

pluck up, or fpoil, bum, or deftroy, or take, carry, or nurfery, See. convey away any fhrub, plant, or root, fhrubs, plants, or roots, out of the nurferies, gardens, woods, or fields of any other pertois without the confent of the owner or owners thereof firfl had and obtained, or who (hall be aiding or nffifting in fo doing, or who fhali make ufe of any gads, withs, bows, or backhands, made of wood, on bis or their plows, harrows, cars, carts, harnefs, or tackle, or ia Wciofe cuffody or pofleflion any gads or withs (hall be had or found, or who (hall make ufe of any fcollopt of oak or afh, or any other timber tree for thatching of houfes, or who (ball put up any May bu(h oppofite or near to his or her houfe, or fuffer any May bufh to be fo put up, or to remain for the fpace of three hours oppofite or near to his or her houfe, or who (ball keep any bark or rind o£ trees in his or her houfe or poffefion, not being a known tanner or dyer, or perfon lawfully poffeffed of trees or woods, or not having lawfully obtained the fame from fome perfon f’o pofTefTed of trees or woods, and (hall be thereof convicted upon the oath of any one credible witnefa before any one Juflice of the peace within his jurisdiction, fhali forfeit and, pay fuch fum of money, as to fuch juflice fhali feem meet, not exceeding forty (hillings, together with the charges previous to and attending fuch convi&ion, to be afeertained by fuch juflice who (hall convift faid offender; and upon nonpayment thereof fuch juflice fhali commit fuch offender to the common gaol or houfe of correction of fuch county by warrant under hia hand and feal, there to remain without bail or mainprize for any time not exceeding three months, or until the (aid penalty and charges fhali be paid.

V.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. Clerk of That if the clerk of the peace of any county fhali negle6t or peace not filing refufe to keep on a feparatc file among the records of fuch icParate» or county, or to enter in an alphabetical book, every certifi-

1	cate,	planting	as	by

6 G. 3. c. 17.

Digitized by v^ooQie

Juftice* to ioforce, as kcrein.

The ffieenth andJixteenth Tears of George ITI. cate, which (hall be delivered to him by any perfon relative to the planting of trees, which fuch clerk of the peace i* ordered and direded fo to do by an ad palled in the lixth year of his prefent Msyefty, entitled, An a8 for the encouraging of the planting of timber trees ; every clerk of the peace fo offending, lhall forfeit the fum of five pounds for every fuch offence, to be recovered by any perfou who (hall fue for the fame by civil bill.

VI.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore-laid, That his Majefty’s juffices of the peace within their feveral and refpedive jurifdidions are hereby authorized to put this ad in execution, and to adminiffer an oath to any fuch credible witnefs or witneffes as lhall appear before theip; and that one moiety of all fuch forfeitures and pecuniary penalties to be infiided by this ad, and not other-wife applied, lhall be paid to the informer with full colb, and the other moiety to the poor of the parilh ; and that it lhall and may be lawful for any conftable or other perfon by warrant under the hand and leal of any one juftice of the peace to make fearch in all fufpeded houfes and places within the jurifdidion of fuch juftice for any timber or fruit trees, flicks, (hoots, (hrubs, plants, roots, or bark; and if fuch contlable or perfon lhall. find any fuch in the poflellion, houfe, out-houfe, field, or ground of any perfon fufpeded to be guilty of any of the offences aforefaid, he lhall bring fuch fufpeded perfons before fuch juftice of the peace; and if fuch fufpeded perfon lhall not make full and clear proof to the fatisfadion of fuch juftice, that fuch timber, or fruit tree, Hicks, (hoots, (hrubs, plants, roots, or bark, were fairly and honellly bought by fuch perfon, or given to him or licr by the owner or proprietor thereof, in default thereof, and not otherwife, fuch fufpeded perfon lhall be judged, and deemed, and lhall Hand convided of a.hreach of this ad, and lhall be fubjed to the feveral penalties^ herein direded for fuch offence.

CHAP. XXVII.

An A3 to amend the federal Ads of ParTiamcn* made in this Kingdom for the more effectual preventing of Frauds by Te-

4 0.i,c. 5.

f.3.

WHEREAS by an ad of parliament made in the fourth year of the rtign of his late Majefty King George the fiift, entitled, An act to explain and amend an a cl, entitled, An ad for the more cffedual preventing ojfrauds committed ly tenants, it is enatted amongft other tilings,

That

Digitized by v^»ooQle

*The fifteenth andJtxteenth Teart of George III.

That in cafe the leflee or his affigns, or other perfon or perfons claiming or deriving under a leafe, (hall permit and firffer judgment to be had and recovered on ejedment to be brought, as therein mentioned, by leflor or landlord having right by law to re-enter for non-payment of rent, and execution to be executed thereon, without paying on demand the rent afeertained in the manner therein mentioned to be in arrear, together with full coils, or depofiting the fame in a court of equity on filing a bill within fix months after execution executed, then and in fuch cafe the faid lef-fee, or his afGgns, and all other perfons claiming or deriving under the laid leafe, (hall be barred and foredofed from all relief or remedy in law or equity, other than by writ of error for reverfal of fuch judgment, in cafe the fame (hall be erroneous ; and the landloid or leflor (hall thenceforth hold the demifed premifes, difeharged from fuch leafe: and whereas a doubt hath lately been entertained, whether under the conflrudion of the faid lad mentioned ad after the rent in arrear (hall be afeertained, as by the faid ad direded, the faid rent fo afeertained ought not to be demanded from the leflee, or his affigns, or other perfon or perfons claiming or deriving under the (aid leafe: and whereas ever*fince the making the lad mentioned ad of parliament it hath not been the pradice, after the afeertaining of the (aid rent in arrear to make any fuch demand thereof, and if the fame (hould be neceflary, it is apprehended, that the greated part, if not all, of the evidions, which have been had under ejedments for non payment of rent fince the making of the faid lad mentioned ad, may be impeached, which may be productive of great litigation, and throw the landed property of* this kiogdom into great confufion : for remedy whereof be on	by

it enaded by the King's mod excellent Majedy, by and cje&m<nt on with the advice and confent of the lords fpintual and tem- Acutes for non* poral and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and demand by the authority of the fame, That no evidion of any leflee, fronJ ^ or his afligns, or other perfon or perfons claiming or deriving under any leafe of any demifed premifles, by virtue of an tjedment for nonpayment of rent, grounded on the faid ads of parliament for the more eflcdual preventing frauds committed by tenants, or any of them, which at any time heretofore hath been had, or which (hall hereafter be had, (hall be in any manner affeded or impeached, on account of the not making fuch demand as aforefaid of the faid rent, after the cfci rtaiuing thereof in manner aforefaid, nor (hall it be neceflary hereafter to make fuch demand.

II. Provided always, That nothing herein contained (hall Suits dein any fort affed any fuit either at law or in equity, which pending not hath been militated and is now depending for the purpofe of Vol. VI.	•	R	defeating

Digitized by L,ooQle

»J*

4. n.

I77J • Chap. 27.

Lcffof may Wing cjed-ment for rent or tythes or erckfiailical dues, as on leafe of lands, where 1 year due, and right to re-enter.

‘frh'rr tr-nams ahivond, fixing copy of f roceen :tg» in r ic<j!fi't-nt Oil the principal hnulf, OI fi tuiwv.4 pliice, if i<: tythtn or til** ><>u 1 hutch door,

The fifteenth andJixteenth Tears of George III. defeating any evi&ion of any leafe under the faid recited *&§ of parliament,, or any of them, on account of the omii£o& of making fuch a demand as aforefaid; but the plaintiff or plaintiffs in fuch fuits may, if they think fit, proceed there-in, and the faid qucfticm in fuch fait or fuits (hall be determined according to the trtie conflru&ion of the faid recited a&s of parliament, any thing in this ad to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

III.	And whereas a doubt hath been conceived, whether under the aforefaid laws an eje&ment for nonpayment of rent, referved upon leafes of great or fmall tythes or o-ther ecclefiaftical dues, may be brought for the evi&ion of fuch leafes in cafe of nonpayment of fuch rent: be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That as often one whole year’s rent fhail be due or in arrear to any lcflbr of any leak: of great or fmall tythes or other ecclefiaftical dues, or any of them, and fuch lclfor hath right by law to re-enter or rcpoiTefs the premifes fo demifed, for the nonpayment of fuch rent, fuch leflbr may bring a£ion of ejc&ment for recovery of fuch great or fmall tythes, or other ecclefiaftical dues, or any of them, arid proceed thereupon in the feme manner, and fhail be entitled to the feme lemedy and relief, and be fubjeft to the fame provifoes and conditions, as in cafe of an ejectment for nonpayment of rent referved upon a leafe of lands or other premifes.

IV.	And whereas tenants before the expiration of their leafes, being in anrear to their landlords or lcfTors, frequently abfeond, and leave the demifed premiss wafle and untc-iianted, fo that no fummons or notice in ejc&ment for nonpayment of rent can be ferved for the recovery of the demifed premifes, hill an application is made, and an order obtained from one of the courts of common law, for ful>-ftituting fome other mode of fervice thereof, wheTeby a great delay is often occafioned to fuch landlords or leffors, and the arrear of rent aue to them becomes confequcnily greatly increafed, before they can evi£t fuch leafes under the aforefaid laws: be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That in all cafes where the tenant or tenants of any de-mifed premifes (hall abfeond, and cannot be found, upos affixing a copy of the declaration, lummons, and notice in ejectment for nonpayment of rent upon fome confpicuous part of the principal houfc in and upon the demifed pre-mifer,, and, if there be no houfc thereon, upon feme other pubfick and conspicuous place upon the faid demifed prc-ir.ifcs, and in cafes of ejectment for nonpayment of rent refer ved upon leafes of tythes, or other ecclefiaftical dues, upon the chm\h door of the parifh or union of parifhes, where::* fuch tythes or ecclefiaftical dues arc payable, and

I



Digitized by

Google

The fifteenth andfixteenth Tears of George III. if there be no church in fuch parifh or union of parifhes, upon fome other publick and confpicuous part of fuch pa-xifh' or union of parifhes, the fame fhall be a fufficient Service of fuch fummons and notice in ejectment without any rule or order of any court for that purpofe previoufly had or obtained.	TTsca

V. Provided always, That before fuch fervice of fuch 0f abending fbmmons atod notice (hall be allowed by the court, in which and diligent fuch eje&ment fhall be brought, as fufficient fervice of the fcaich. fame, it fhall be made appear to fuch court by affidavit, that the tenant or tenants of fuch demifed premifes, or tythes, or ecclefiaftical dues, hath or have abfeonded, and though diligent fearch hath been made for him, her, or them, he, fhe, or they cannot be found; and provided alfo that fuch fummons or notice fhall have been fo affixed one month before any further proceedings fhall be had in the laid eje&ment.

CHAP. XXVIII.

An Ad to explain and amend an Ad made in the third and fourth Tears of the Reign of His prefent Majefiy, entitled.

An .18 for making more convenient the Approaches to the City of Dublin by making a new Turnpike Road on the South Side, the Weft Side, and the North Side of the /aid City, to commence at the Road leading from Dublin to Jjonnybrook, and to terminate in Cavcndi/h-Strcct.

«

WHEREAS it hath been found by experience, that Repealed, five, the regulations contained in an ad of Parliament &c. a» in mar-made and palled in the third and fourth years of the reign £in k°ok. of his prefent Majcfty, entitled, An ad for making more convenient the approaches to the city of Dublin, by making a n*<w turnpike road on the fouth fide, the <wejlfide, and the north fide of the faid city, tq commence at the road leading from Dub-/in to Donnybrook, and to terminate in Cavendi/hfireet, are not fufficient to anfwer the purpofes thereby intended; and that fince the paffing of faid ad, many houfes have been built to the northward of Me. Donnell’s lane, whiqh will make it highly inconvenient to have the road therein mentioned made in the diredion pointed out by faid ad; but that it will he much more advantageous to the inhabitants of the city of Dublin to have the faid road made to the northward of Ecclet-flreet: therefore for the furveying, making* amending, and keeping in repair a circular road fixty feet wide in the clear at the lead round the city of Dublin, beginning at the wall of the river Anna Liffey, to the eaft-ward of the sparine nurfery, and from thence to the new f R 2	bridge

Digitized by

Google

*The fifteenth andfifteenth Tears of .G?orge III. bridge lately built on the fouth of Kilmainham, and from thence acrofs the faid river Anna Liffey at or near Ifland-bridge, and to bfe continued on the outfide of hi* Majefly’t park the Phoenix, from thence to the northward of the fields of Henry Meredylh, efquire, near the road leading from Dublin to Finglafs, and frqm thence to the northward of Ecdes-ftreet in Dorfet-flreet, and from thence to the wall of the river Anna Lifley to the eaflward of the £)dph

manufaftory, lately kept by--------—• Alhbourne, in fuch di-

reftion as the faid truftces, or any fifteen or more of them, under their hands and feals (hall order and direft, be it en-^afted by the King’s moll excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for die members of both houfes of Parliament for the time being, and for the truftees named in the faid aft, or elected fince palling the fame, and for every juftice of the peace for the county of Dublin and city of Dublin, having an eftate of freehold in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of the clear yearly value of two hundred pounds at the leaft within cither of the faid counties, or any feven or more of them, or fuch perfon or perfons as they, or any feven or more of them, (hail authorize and appoint, to ereft or caufe to be erefted one or more gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes, in, upon, or acrofs any part or parts of the (aid road, and alfo a toll houfe or toll houfes, and there to demand, receive, and take, inflead of the tolls and duties in the former aft, which from and after the paffiag hereof (hall ceafe and be hereby repealed, the tolls and duties following, before any horfe, mare, or gelding, cattle, coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chair, waggon, min, cart, car, dray, or other carriage, (hall be permitted to pafs on the faid road; that is to fay, for every coach, berlin, chariot, cilafh, chaife, or chair, drawn by fix horfes or bcafU of burthen, or more, the fum of one (hilling and fix pence; for every coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chaife, or chair drawn by lefs number than fix, and more than two, the fum of one (hilling; for every coach, bcrlm, chariot, ca-lufh, chaife, or chair, drawn by two horfes, fix pence; for -every carriage, commonly ca’led a chaife or chair with one horfe, mart, or gelding, the fum of three pence; for every carriage called a brewer’s dray with wheels narrower than nine inches the fum of five (hillings and five pence; for * every waggon, wain, cart, or carriage with four wheels, the breadth thereof being not lefs than fix inches at the foie, and the ftreaks thereof fet on with flat or rofe headed nails, and the fore axle tree of fuch carriage being fo much porter 3	than

7'he fifteenth andfixteenth Tears of George III.	261

than the hind axle tree, that fuch carnage (hall roll at leaft A. D» ten inches of the road in breadth on each fide of fuch car- 1775-6) riage, and the wheels thereof placed at fuch a diftance from Chap. 28. each other that the fpace between the middle of one trsiok, made by the wheels on the road, and the middle of the other track, (hall be from four feet ten inches to five feet, drawn by three or inore horfe*, three pence; for every . waggon, wain, or cart or carriage with two wheels, the breadth thereof, being not le£s than fix inches at the leaft, and the (Ireaks thereof fet with flat or rofe headed nails, two pence; for every waggon, wain, or cart, with four wheels, narrower than fix inches, ten (hillings; for every waggon, wain, or cart with two wheels, narrower than fix inches, having two or more horfes, five (hillings; for every carr or cart having but one horfe, mare, gelding, or mule, the breadth of the wheels thereof being three inches at the foie, and the ftreaks thereof fet on with flat or roft headed pails, two pence; for every cart or carr having but one	,

horfe, mare, gelding, or mule, the breadth of the wheels thereof being four inches at the foie, and the ftreaks thereof fet on with flat or rofe beaded nails, one penny half penny; for every carr or cart having but one horfe, mare, gelding, or mule, with the wheels narrower than three inches, one (hilling; for every horfe, mare, gelding, mule, or afs, laden or unladen, not drawing, one penny; tor every drove of oxen or neat cattle, the lum of one (hilling and eight pence by the fcore, and alfo in proportion for any greater or letter number; for every drove of calves, hogs,

(beep, or lambs, the fum of ten pence by the fcore, and fo in proportion for any greater or lelTer number; which faid feveral fums of money (hall be raifed and levied by and veft- . ed in the faid truftees, and (hall be by them paid, applied, and difpofed of, and aftigned to and for the making or repairing the faid circular road, and for the feveral ufes, intents, and purpofes, and under the feveral regulations, in and by the (aid former aft or by this aft particularly mentioned and fet forth; and that the faid truftees (hall be veiled with all fuch powers and authorities, as in and by the faid former aft are granted, except where the fame are hereby altered, and that they may alfo be vetted with fuch other powers and authorities, as are herein and hereby granted ^ and appointed.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enafted by the Authority aforefaid, That no gate, turnpike, or toll-hoofe {hall be erefted, or tolls paid upon any part of the prefent road made by lord vifeount Fitzwiliiam between the foutH wall of the faid river Anna Liffey, and the road leading frpm Dublin to Ponny brook,

-	III.	Pro-

Digitized by

7 may con* tra& for pur-chafe or rent of ground*, See,

The fifteenth andfixteenth Teari of George IIL HI. Provided alfo, That no prt of the intended road (hall be made through any patt of the eftates of the right honourable the lord Palmerftown, or of Henry Monck, efq. without their confent, or the confent of their refpeftire heirt previoufly had.

IV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That no gate, turnpike, or toll-houfe ftafl be crefted, or any toll demanded at any turnpike gate between his Majefty’s calUc of Dublin, and any part of {aid circular road, except by order of the faid truftees, or any fifteen or more of them, under the penalty of ten pound* fterling, to be levied off the goods and chatties of the per-fon levying fuch toll, or keeping fuch gate, upon conv&i-on thereof before any juftice of the peace of the county of Dublin or county of the city of Dublin, who are hereby authorized to hear fuch complaint, and upon conviftion to iffue their warrant accordingly.

V.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, fhaS be, and are hereby authorized and empowered from time

. to time to treat, contraft, and agree with the feven! owners, proprietors, occupiers, ana perfons interefled in any lauds, tenements, houfes, buildings, grounds, or hereditaments, through which fuch road is to be made, foi the purchafc thereof, or by way of rent for the fame, or other-wife, as the faid refpeftive truftees, or any feven or more of them, fhall think fit, and to pay for the fame and for any lofs or damages in any manner, as in and by the faid former aft is direfted; and alfo that it fhall and may be lawful for all bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate, corporations aggregate or foie, and all feoffees.in trufl, executors, adm!-niftrator?, guardians, committees, and other truftees what-foever, for and on behalf of any infants, femes covert, lu-naticks, ideots, or ceftui qiie trufts, and for all and every perfon and perfons whomfoever, who are or fhall be feized, pofTefled of, or interefted in any wife in fuch lands, tenements, houfes, buildings, ground, or hereditaments, to treat with the faid truftees, any feven or more of them, for the purchafe of fuch lands, tenements, houfes, buildings, grounds, or hereditaments, and to copvey the fame to faid truftees, in fuch mariner and form as in and by faid former on refufal jury aft or by this aft is direfted; and that fuen truftees in cafe fummontd, exa- 0f the negleft or refufal of fuch owners, proprietors, occu- 4 piers, or perfons interefted as aforefaid, to treat or agree for the purchafe of fuch lands, tenements, houfes, buddings, grounds, aad hereditaments, or any part or parts thereof in manner as in faid formed aft or in this aft is fet forth, frail have fuch power and authority to fummon juries, and’to

examine

liunation on oath, 6c c.

TheJifeentb andfixteenth Tears of George III.

'examine perfons upon oath, and to adjudge compcnfation Co fuch owners, proprietors, occupiers, or perfons intcreft-«d as aforefaid, and to charge the fame upon the tolls in foch manner, and under fuch regulations, powers, and authorities, as in the faid former ad is particularly fet forth 5 and that it (hail be lawful for the faid (rutlees, or any feven or more of them, with their workmen or agents, to take down fuch houfes, buildings, and tenements, and to lay the ground whereon the fame were ereded, and alfo fuch other grounds, lands, and hereditaments as aforefaid, or fuch part thereof, into (uch new road, as they (hall think fit; and that fuch new road, when fo laid out aud made, fhall become a common highway, and be repaired, and kept in repair, and the annual rents thereof paid, and the payment of the tolls of fuch road enforced under fuch regulations, authorities, and powers, as in the faid former adi or by this ad is particularly fet forth, any provilb in the faid former ad to the contrary thereof in any wife not wit lift anding.

VI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforr-faid. That all fuch other powers and authorities for the making, repairing, furveying, and keeping in repair the laid circular road, or for colieding and afligning the tplta thereof, and all other powers and authorities whatsoever, given to the truftees in and by the faid former ad, and not herein particularly repealed, (hall and may be continued to the faid truftces appointed by this ad, in fuch manner and form, as in and by the faid former ad is fet forth.

VII.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore- A yearly fu-faid, That it (hall be lawful for the faid truftees, or any P««uendiiir feven or more of them, every year to appoint one fuperin-

1	r \ r 1	KX	rr-it	UQtiti	UiYUufO.

tendant every year for the fouthem aiviiion ot laid road, and one fuperintendant for the nortliern divihon of faid road; and that the furveyor and furveyors appointed or to be appointed purfuant to the faid former ad, and fuch per-f?n or perfons as he or they (hall appoint from time to time to remove and prevent annoyances on any part of the faid road, or within thirty feet of the centre of faid road, by filth, dung, afhes, rubbifh, fewers, or drains running into the faid road, and to clean fe any ditch, fewer, or water courfe adjoining to the faid road, or which may be necefory to carry qff the water therefrom.

VIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the toll or duty hereby granted (hall take place and have continuance from and after the tvventy-luih diy of i\prii one thoufand feven hundred and fevcnty-fi>: for and during the term of forty on$ years,

IX.	And



Digitized by L.ooQle

Tirfifteenth andJixteetub Tears of George III.

Af D* IXt And be it farther enabled by the authority afore* 1775-6. (aid, That no money (hall be granted at any board for the Chap. aft. making or repairing of any part of the faid road, uolefs it V	(hall appear by the affidavit of two credible peifons, who

can read and write, fwora before any two jufticcs of the peace for the <pounty or city of Dublin, that fuch a fum is accef-(ary to make or repair fo many perches of laid road at the fate of fo much by the perch, and that a (mailer fum wifi not be fufficient to repair or make the lame; and that no fnojpey (hall be paid by the treafurer to any overfeer of fiud foad> unlefs fuch overfeer (hall deliver to fuch treafurer an affidavit, fworn before a board of the faid truftees, or be* fore any two juftices of the pcace for laid county or ci-ty, that the faid fum hath been faithfully and honefUy expended in making or repairing fo many perches of the faid road, and for hia wages at not more than eighteen pence for each pound fo expended in makiog or repairing laid road, and that he did attend hud work diligently and carefully, and (hall alfo produce an exad account of the number of men, hprfes, and cam, employed each day at the laid work, and (hall fwear to the truth of the laid account; and if it (hall happen, that there (hall not appear at any meeting, which (hall be appointed to be had and held by the faid truftees, a fufficient number of fuch truftees to ad , at fuch meeting, and to adjourn to any other day, then and in fuch caie the treafurer by publilhing notice in the Dublin gazette at leaft twenty days before the next meeting (hall appoint the laid tnjftees to meet at the place, where the meeting of faid truftees was laft appointed, or at fome other convenient place near the faid road; and that the faid truftees at every meeting (hall defray their own charges and expences.

X.	And be it (further enaded by the authority afbrefaid. That in any fait to be commenced againft any perfon of perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this ad the defendant or defendants may plead the general ifiue and give the fpecial matter in evidence, and have fuch other advantages, as in the faid former ad is in fuch cafe fcf forth.

XT. And be it further enaded by the authority afore, faid. That this ad (hall be decn>e<h adjudged, and taken to be a publick ad, and \>e judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juftices, and other perfons whatsoever, Without fpecially pleading the fame.

CHAP,

The fifteenth and fxteenth Years if George III;

CHAP. XXIX.

jfm Aft far regulating ofTials of Peers or Peerejfes in Caftt of cap ital Offences •

"IY7HEREA S upon the trials of peers or peerefles it ap- on trial cf * * pears to be juft and reafonable, that all pea's, who pee™ for trea-have a right to fit and vote in Parliament, (hall be fummon- *™thc ??crc ed to attend upon fuch trials: be it enafted by the King’s *gdn(UheD* moil excellent Majefty by and with the advice and confent of King’t period the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this pre- tfr title, or fent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame,	0,1

That upon the trial of any peer or peerefs for any treafon,.^^ ’ M the overt aft whereof (hall confift in compaifing the death of the King, or in levying war againit the King, or in adhering to the King's enemies, or otherwife afting againft the perfon or title of his Majefty, or for mifprifion of fuch treafon, all the peers who have a right to lit and vote in Parliament, (hall be duly fummoned twenty days at leaft before fuch trial to appear at every fuch trial: and that every peer fo fummoned, and appearing at fuch trial, (hall yote in the trial of fuch peer or poerefs fo to be tried; (hall vote, every fuch peer firft taking the oaths mentioned in an aft made in the firft year of King William and queen Mary, ^	^	^

entitled, An a3 for abrogating the oaths of fupremacy and daration 30 allegiance, and appointing other oaths ; and alfo every fuch C. a. peer fubferibing and audibly repeating the declaration mentioned in an aft for the more effeftually preferving the King’s perfon and government by difabling papilla from fitting in either houfe of Parliament, and made in the thirteenth year of the reign of the late King Charles the fccon(L

CHAP,

Digitized by LiOOQle

between eaft point of Howth and of JLamh-Bay, penalty as herein.

Doubted

■whether the provifion 13 and 14 d. 3. c '43. extends to Meath hofpital, now the county hofpital, fee.

The fifteenth andfixteenth Tears of George III.

C H A P. XXXI.

An A % for amending and rendering more effectual an Act faffed in the laft fijion of Parliament, entitled. An Act for reviving and continuing ftveral temporary Statutes, and to . prevent the deftruflive Practice of Trawlingfor fijh in the Pay of Dublin ; and for explaining and amending one other Adi made i.i the thirteenth andfourteenth 1 ears oj the Reign of his prefent Maje/ly, entitled, v An A3 for explaining and amending an A3 faffed in the fifth Tear of his prefent Ma~ jefifs Reign, entitled. An Act for ere ding and tjtablijhiug Infirmaries or Hofpitals in this Kingdom.

WHEREAS the pra<flice of trawling, as now carried on in the broad of Lamb-Bay, between the call point of the hill of Howth and the eaft point of the ifland called Lamb-Bay, tends to injure the fifbery thereof and of the bay of Dublin : be it enacted by the Icing’s moft excellent Majeftv by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiiitual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament afTembled, and by the authority of the fame. That if any perfon or perfons (hall from and after the twenty-fifth day of March in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and feventy fix take ordeftroy any fifh whatsoever in the broad of Lamb*Bay between the eaft point of the hill of Howth and the eaft point of the ifland called Lamb-Bay by trawling, fuch perfon or perfons (hall, on due proof made before any one or more juftice or juftice3 of the peace of the county or county of the city of Dublin, forfeit and pay the fnm of ten pounds, together with the boat or veflcl which (hall be employed in fuch trawl fifhing, with all her tackle, fails, and rigging thereunto belonging, together with fuch fifhing trawls and geer made ufe of in fuch trawling ; the faid furn of ten pounds to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods of the perfon or perfons fo offending, one moiety thereof lo the ufe of the marine fociety, and the other mo»ety to the ufe of fuch perfon or perfons as (hall inform and profecute to conviction the perfon or perfons whq fhall be found guilty of trawling as aforefaid.

II. Whereas in and by the faid act of the tlurteenth and fourteenth of his prefent Majody it is enacted, that the building called the Meath hofpital, fituated as in faid act is mentioned, fhall from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and feventy four be created, founded, erected, and eftablifhed the hofpital or infirmary for the county of Dublin: but a doubt hath been conceived, whether the provifion thereby made as to the bodies corporate and governors thereby mentioned and provided • 4	v	for.

Digitized by booQle

The fifteenth andfifteenth Tears o/George III. for, or in refpc& of the feveral infirmaries and hofpitals in the feveral counties mentioned in an a& made in the fifth year of his prefent Majefty touching county hofpitals therein mentioned, doth extend to the faid bofpital lately called Meath hofpital, and now the county hofpital, under the prefent circumftances thereof; therefore be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That his grace the lord archbifhop iof Armagh for the time being, the lord high chancellor for jlie time being, the bifhop of the diocefc, and the rector or yicar of the parifii in which the faid hofpital, heretofore and j?ow called as aforefaid, is fituated, and alfo every donor and contributor to the faid hofpital as herein after mentioned* (hall be a body corporate, governors and governor, .of the (aid hofpital, with like powers as the governors of other bounty hofpitals in the faid ad of the fifth year of his pre-fent Mujdly ; and that as to the donors and contributors to the faid hofpital they fhall be governors as follows; (that is to fay) every donor of any fujn not lefs than ten pounds (hall be a perpetual member and governor; and every per* fon, wjio fhall fubferibe and pay annually for the ufe of the faid hofpital one guinea, fhall be a member of the faid body corporate and governor for one year from the time pf fuch fubfeription and payment, and no longer.

267 A. D.

»775-0-

5 O. 3. c. to.

CHAP. XXXIII.

Vi.	>	‘	.

An A,! fir the more effectually preventing the plundering of Slips or VcJJ'ch which may he wreck;d or firaue/eef on the Coajis vf this Kingdom.

WHEREAS the laws, hitherto of force in this king- Former laws dom, have not been found fufficient cffedually to infufficient, $c. prevent the dealing, plundering, and carrying away goods from vcfTcls in difirefs, ilnmjed, or in danger of bring /handed or wrecked, or driven bn fhore on the coafls of this kingdom : be it enafted by the King's moll excellent Majefty by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpi-ritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, that every perfcn and perfpns, who fhall get or have in his, her, or their cudody or poflVfljon, ‘ any partx>r parts pf any fhip or veffel fo in ciflrefs, flranded, wrecked, or driven on fhore as aforefaid, or of the tackle, furniture, fails, ammunition, or cargo thereof, or of the goods belonging to fuch fhip op vefTel (knowing the fame fo to be) (hail, within the fpa$e of three days next after fuch per fon or perfon$ fhall known ingly have got or had the famejn his, her, or their cudody or^fleflioji, give notice tofome bne of his Mnjefty’s juftices of the peace of the county, in yrhich fuch perfon or perfons

Digitized by t^ooQle

Delivered unembezzled U 48 hour* . after demand" to a juft ice or revenue officer.

Thefifteenth Aridfifteenth Tears of George III. itiafi be refident, or to the next refiding officer of his Ma-jeftv** revenue, that br> die, or they hath or have part of inch (hip or veflel, or of the tackle, furniture, (ails, ammunition, or cargo thereof, or the goods thereunto belonging fas the truth - (hall be) in his, her, or their cuftody or poU fcffiofi, and of the place or places where the fame (hall be depofited at the time of giving fuch notice ; and if any per-fon or perfons (hall neglect or omit to give fuch notice as aforefaid, and (hall be thereof lawfully convided upon an iadidment, he, (he, or they (hall fuffer imprifonment for fuch term, not exceeding fix months, as the judge or judges of affize, before whom fuch perfon or perfons (hall be convided, (hall in his or their diferetion think fit.

II.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That every perfon or perfons, who (hall fo have any part or parts of fuch (hip or veflel, or of the tackle, furniture, fails, ammunition, or cargo thereof, or of the goods thereunto belonging, in his, her, Or their cuftody or pofleffion, (hal| deliver the fame within forty eight hours after demand, and without wilful imbezzlement, to any of his Majefty’s jufti-tes of the peace of the county where the fame (hall be, or to any of the officers of his Majefty’s revenue, who (hall demand the fame ; and every perfon and perfons, who (hall negled, refufe, or omit to deliver the fame as aforefaid, (hall be deemed to have ftolen the fame, and being thereof law-%	fully	convided,	(hall be adjudged guilty of felony $ and it

(hall be fufficient in any indidment for any offence againft this ad to aver and prove, that fuch parts of any (hip or veflel mentioned therein, or the' tackle, fails, furniture, ammunition, or cargo thereof, had been on board, or did ^	belong	to fuch (hip or veflel, without averring or proving

• that the property thereof was in any particular perfon or perfons.

Retd in every HI* And be it further enaded by the authority afore-market town (aid, That this ad (hall in every year be publickly read ill foil market on the market day next preceding Michaelmas day in the publick market place of every market town in this kingdom, fituate within five miles qf the fea, by the chief magiftrate of every fuch market town having a chief magiftrate, or by fome perfon appointed by him, and iq places, where there is not a chief magiftrate, by the clerk of the market, or by fome perfon appointed by him j and every chief magiftrate or clerk of the market, who (hall negled to read or have the fame read as aforefaid (hall forfeit five pounds, to be recovered by civil bill by the party who (hall firft foe for the fame.

within 5 mile* Of the fea, a* herein.

CHAP,

Digitized by L.ooQle

The Jifteentb andftxteenth Tears of George ill.	269

A. D,

CHAP. XXXIV.

An A3 to prohibit the burning of Lime or Li me-ft ones in any Lime-kiln which had not been ended before the t wenty-fourth Day of March one thoufand fewen hundred and/twenty two.

BE it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent Majefty by. Lime not and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual burned within and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament affem- *hc iam^# *“	,

bled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after before a^Mar. the firft day of April next, it (hall not be lawful for any 1772* perfon to burn, or caufe to be burned, any lime or lime-ftonea whatsoever within the publick lamps of the city of Dublin or the liberties thereof in any lime kilns, which had not been ere&ed before the twenty fourth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and feventy two; and that if any perfon (hall after the time afor$faid burn any lime or litne-ftonc within the publick lamps of the faid city or the liberties thereof in any other lime kiln than as afbrefaid, he (hall for every fuch offence be liable to the penalty of fifty penalty 50L pounds; one moiety to be paid to the informer, and the other moiety to the church-wardens of the pan(h where fuch lime (hall be burned, to be by them applied to the ufe of the poor of fuch parifli 5 fuch penalty to be recovered by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of his	\

Majcfty's courts of record in the faid city.

II.	Provided always. That fuch fuit (hall be commenced Suit in 6 within fix months, after that the faid offence (hall have been months, committed.

III.	And be ‘it ena&ed by the authority aforelaid. Summoned That it (hall be lawful for the lord mayor, or any of the aldermen of the (aid city, upon complaint made of fuch to offence having been committed, to fummon the perfon, complaint, again ft whom fuch complaint (hall be made, to attend him at fuch time and place, as (hall be mentioned in fuck fum-mons, to anfwer fuch complaint; and if it (hall appear by the confeffion of the party, againft whom fuch complaint (hall be made, or by the oath of one or more witneffes, that he has been guilty of fuch offence, he (hall iffue his warrant to the (heriffs of the city of Dublin requiring them to abate the kiln, wherein fuch lime or lime-ffones (hall have been burned, which fuch (heriffs are hereby required and * empowered to do.

IV.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That Defendants if any ad ion or fuit (hall be commenced or profecuted for may plead any thing, which (hall be done in purfuance of this ad, die	^ue»

defendant

Digitized by

Google

*7°	72*ftftetnth an&Jtxtcmtb Tears of George III.

A. D- defendant or defendants may plead the general ifiue, and 1775*6* g*vC the fpccial matter in evidence.

V.	And be it ena&ed by the authority afordaid, That A pubhek ad. this a & Audi be deemed a publick a&, and that judicial notice (hall be taken thereof.

CHAP. XXXV.

!

An A3 for amending an A3 made in the Eleventh and T-utefftb

lean of his prejent Majefty's Reign, entitled, [An Act for	I

Badgn.g jucb Poor as jball be found unable to fup port them-felves by Labour, and otberwi/e providing for them ; and fer	I

reft i mining fucb as Jball be found able to fupport t barf elves	I

by Labour and lndujtry from begging] fo far as the faid A3	\

relates to the County of Limerick, and to the County of the City of Limerick, and for extending the Provijions of the	,

faid A3 to tbe Tozvn of Colerain in the County of London* derry.

if	and	ra	IT 7HEREAS by an a& of Parliament made and patted	I

C. 3.	c.	30.	V V in the eleveoth and twelfth years of the reign of his

prefect mod excellent Majefty, entitled, An ad for bodging	\

fucb poor as Jball be found unable to fupport tbemfelves by labour9	j

asset otherwife providing for them, and for retraining fuih as	1

Jball be found able to fupport tbemfelves by labour or tnduftrj	(

from begging, it was among other things ena&ed, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and feventy two, there fhould be, and one body politick and corporate was thereby, created and ere&ed in every county, and in every county of a city, and in every county of a town in this kingdom, confifting as therein was provided; which corporation fhould be called by the name of the prefident and afliftants inttituted for the relief of the poor, and for punifhing vagabonds and fturdy beggars for the county of	(adding the proper name

of fuch county) with fuch duty, authority, and power, as by the faid act are provided ; and whereas the president and afliftants inllituted for the relief of the poor, and for pnniih-ing vagabonds and flurdy beggars for the county of the city of Limerick, being a corporation created and ere&ed by the faid a£V, have been enabled by the charity of fevrral well difpofed perfons to ere'ft at a very confidcrable expence a large and commodious houfe of indultry for the reception of the poor upon a lot of ground lying contiguous to the faid city, and within the liberties of the fame, which they have procured for the purpofe: and whereas the prcfident and aflulantb inllituted for the relief of the poor, and for punching vagabonds and fturdy beggars for the county of Limerick, being another corporation created and erected by

the

Digitised by



J

The fifteenth and fixtetnth Tears of George III.	2JI

ihe laid aft, have railed a confiderable fum for the purpofe	D.

of erefting an houfc of induftry for the poor of the faid	1775*6*

county, but have not yet expended any part thereof upon Chap. 35.

account of fome doubts relative to the fite of fuch houfe of	.

induftry : and whereas it is judged by botli the faid corpo-	'	'

rations, that by making fome additions to the faid houfe of induftry already erefted, it may be rendered fuiHcieiit for the poor of both counties, by which, and by uniting the faid two corporations into one, much prefent and future expence may be faved: therefore be it enafted by the King’s moil excellent Majefty by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament ^flembled, and by the authority of the fame.

That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid prefident and afliftants inftituted for the relief of the poor, and for puniftiing vagabonds and fturdy beggars for the county of Limerick, to lay out and expend fuch fums as have been already railed, and (hall hereafter be raifed, for fuch purposes, in erefting fuch additional or other buildings for an hodfe of induftry for the faid county of Limerick upon the faid lot of ground fo belonging to the faid prefident and afliftants for the relief of the poor, and for punifhing vagabonds and fturdy beggars, for the county of the city of Limerick, and in maintaining the poor therein, in the fame manner as if the -faid lot lay within the body of the faid county at large ; and that the laid lot of ground (hall be deemed and taken for all the purpofes of the faid recited aft within the faid county at large; and that the grand jury of the faid county of Limerick be impowered and required to prefent fuch iums, as may be neceffary, for the erefting, maintaining, and fupporting fuch houfe of induftry, in as full aud ample a manner, as if the faid lot of ground lay within the body of the county at large.

II And be it enafted by the audiority aforefaid. That Said corpo-it (hall and may be lawful to and for the above mentioned ration* map bodies corporate, if they (hould think fit, by an inftrument in unitc wr*-writing under their refpeftive corporation feals to unite themfeivcs into one corporation, upon fuch terms, as they * fnall judge proper for the common concerns of both ; and fuch united corporations (hall from and after the execution of fuch ipftrument of union, be deemed and taken to be one corporation, by the name and ftile of the joint prefidents and afliftants for the county of Limerick, and county of the city of Limerick. .

III.	Provided always, That thirty days at the leaft pre- 30 days no. vious notice be given in the publick news papas of the city ticc thcicof. of Limerick of tn<i time and place of the meeting of the faid corporations for the purpofe of uniting themfeivcs.

IV.	Provided

Digitized by LjOOQie

A* 15.

3>s+

Each may •« in rtlpec. tive juriWic. did ions.

A corporation cre> cd for the town of Coierain for maintaining the poor, dec.

7ik jSfteenth andfixteenth Tears of George III.

IV.	Provided always, That notwithftanding fuch union each of the (aid corporations may do any alt, matter, ok thing within their refpeftive jurifdiftions, as if this alt had never been made; any thing herein to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

V.	And whereas the faid alt extends only to the creating of corporations for the purpofes of the faid aft within counties at large, or in counties of cities, or counties of towns in this kingdom : and whereas the town cf Coierain in the county of Londonderry is a populous town, and the faid town and parifhes thereof contain as many inhabitants as feveral of the cities or counties of towns in this kingdom, but not being a county within itfelf cannot have the benefit of the (aid law in as ample and full a manner, as is found neceffary: and whereas the inhabitants of faid town and panfhes of Coierain have by voluntary fubferiptions and contributions raifed a fum of money for the fupport of the poor within the faid town and panfhes : and whereas the faid inhabitants are defirous, that a body corporate fhouid be formed, and to continue for ever, for the better carrying into execution under proper regulations the charitable and humane defign of maintaining the poor of the faid town and parifhes: be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the firft day of May one thoufand feven hundred and feventy fix the; mayor of the faid town of Cole-rain for the time being, the reprefentatives in Parliament for the faid town for the time being, the rtftors of the parifhes of Coierain and Killowen of faid town, with the church-wardens of (aid parifhes for the time being, the reverend William Smyth, Hugh Lyle, cfquire, Bartholomew Me Naghtcn efquire, John and Charles Galt, Robert Gween fenior, Robert and Thomas Rice, and Alexander Lawrence, and fuch perfons as (hill contribute to fuch charity as herein after mentioned, (hall for ever hereafter be in name and faft one body corporate in law for the charitable purpofes' aforefaid, and (hall have perpetual fucctflion, and be called and diftinguifhed by the name of the prefident and afiiilants of the Coierain charitable fcciety; and that the mayor of faid town for the time being, (hall be and continue prefident during his mayoralty ; and that the faid prefident and his afiiftants fhall be enabled to plead and fue and to be impleaded and fued by that name in all his Majefty’s courts of juftice, and fhall and may appoint a common feal or feals for the ufc of the faid corporation, ar:d fhall have power and authority to meet together, as often as there fhall be occafion; and the faid prefident and his afiiftants, and their fucceflors, or any five or mere cf them, being fo afltmbled, (hall have power to make fuch reafonable laws, rules, orders, and regulations for the belter government of the poor and

poor-

Digitized by

The fifteenth andfixteenth Tears of George III.	2	73

poor-houfe, as they (hall think neceflary and convenient, A. D. and to revoke or alter the fame at their diferetion ; and that	1775*6.

it (hall and may be lawftil for the faid prefident and aflift-ants to make fuch and the like bye laws and regulations, and to exercife fuch and the like powers, with refpeft to the poor and all idle and fturdy beggars within the faid town and pariflies of Colerain and Killowen, as the corporations created by virtue of the faid recited aft within counties at large, and counties of cities, and counties of towns, are enabled to do.

VI.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That 1 every perfon, who (hall Jubfcribe and pay the fum of one I^mber^or guinea to the faid prefident and alliftants of the Colerain ( year. Charitable Society for the fupport and maintenance of the

poor of the faid town, (hall from thenceforth be and continue for the fpace of one entire year a member thereof to all intents and purpofes as fully and effeftually as any of the perfons herein before named.

VII.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That

the faid corporation (haU for the firft time hold a meeting prudent on the firft day of May next in the market-houfe of the faid appointed on town of Colerain 5 and that it (hall and may be lawful for fummous. them afterwards to meet at and adjourn to fuch times and places within the faid town and parities, as the prefident (hall from time to time think fit to appoint by reafonable fuinmons, and to adjourn fuch meeting from time to time, as the members theu prefent or the greater part thereof (hall fee occafion ; and in cafe the prefident (hall not attend, that they (hall and may have power to appoint fuch other member of their corporation to prefide and aft io his place and (lead at fuch meeting, as they may judge proper.

CHAP. XXXVI.

An Act for continuing, amending, and making more effectual an A el pafied in the thirteenth Tear of the Reign of his late Maje/ly Kjn% George the Second, entitled, An Ad for repairing the Road leading from Timckoin ibt Queen's County through Ballynakill, Durrvw, Beggars-Inn, and from thence through the City of Cajhell to the i 0 jun of I ipperary in the County of ltpferary.

YI7HEREAS by an aft pafied in the thirteenth year V * of the reign of his late Majefty King George the fecond, entitled, An ad for repeating the road trading from T ini oho in the Queen's county through Ballynakill, Durrow, jBeggars-Jim* and from thaice through the eiiy of Cajhell, to the tozvn of Tipperary m the county of Tipper ary, itvcral tolls

Vol. VI.	S	and

Digitized by

Google

*74

A. D.

1775-6. Chiip> 36.

13 G. c. 14 comn.tied from id May I776* 4* vt-ars Sec. Save at altered

Truftcet

turned.

The Jiftemtb andfixteentb Tears *f George III. and duties were granted and made payable for repatriftg the faid road; which aft was to commence from the focond day of June in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and forty, and from thence to continue in force for the term of forty one years: and whereas the trufteet appointed to put the faid aft in execution confidered the faid road in two divifions, one called the Leinfter divifiou, and the other the Munfter divifion, the whole containing in length upwards of forty miles, and borrowed fereral fums of money on the credits of the tolls and duties arifing within each divifion only; which fums they kid out and expended in and towards the repair of that part of the faid road, which is fituate within the divifion, on the credits of the tolls whereof the faid fums were tfftpeftivcly advanced and lent: and whereas the tolls and duties collected by the faid aft have proved infuf&cicnt to pay the fums fb borrowed, or the interdt thereof, and to keep the (aid road fufficiently repaired, and the length and extent of the faid road cannot be effectually fupported and kept in repair by the tolls and duties made payable by the faid aft; be it malted by the King’s moil excellent 'Majelty by and with the advice and con lent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament aflerabled, and by the authority of the fame, That the (aid aft made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late Majeffy King George the fecond* and all and every the authorities, powers, articles, rules, penalties, and ckudcs therein contented, except what are hereby varied or altered, (hall be of full force and dfeft, and lhail continue and be executed from and after the firil day of May in the year of our Lord one thou fend feven hundred and feventy fix, for and (hiring the further term of forty one years, and from thence to the end of the then next fefiion of Parliament, for th* iutents and purpofes in the faid aft and hereafter mentioned, as if the fame powers and autlkorities granted and given by the (aid aft were herein again repeated and re-euafted in tiie body of this prelent ad ; any thing in the (aid former aft contained to the con* tmry notwithllanding.

li. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the perfons herein after named, and thofe who (hall be eleft* ed in their (lead, according to the rules and orders in the faid former act contained, and none other, (hall be the truf-tees for putting the laid former aft. and this prefent aft in execution, (that is to fay) for the Leinfter diviiion the right honourable Charles earl of Drogheda, the right honourable Robert earl of Roden, the right honourable Edmond lord ▼ifeount Mountgarret, She right honourable Thomas lord baron Knapion, the right honourable William lord vifeount Afhbrookc, the right honourable John lord Dawfon, the

4	right

Thejfhentb andfixtnnib Tears of George III. right reverend Jofeph Dean lord bifhop of Leighlin and Ferns, the right reverend William lord bifhop of Offory, Sir Robert Staples, Sir William Barker, Sir Richard St. George, Sir John Parnell, baronets, the fevcral members of Parliament for the Q2ecn,s county and county of Kilkenny for the time being, the members of Parliament and chief magillrates of the borough of Ballynakill for the time being, the incumbents of the feveral parifiies through which the Leinfler divifion of the faid road pafles, for the time being, and their fucceifors, the honourable Edmond Butler, the honourable John Dawfon, Hunt Walfii, Philips Colby, John Parnell, Robert Stubber, Thomas Pigott, John Lyon, John Hely, Garret Nevill, Hilliard Hely, Frederick Trench, John Barrington, Denny Baker Cuffe, John Bre-reton, Stephen Fitzgerald, Richard Vicars, Robert Flood, Luke Flood, Edward Flood, Edmond Butler, captain Pierfe Butler, Richard Philips of Philipfborough, John Warren* H.nry Larieve, William Hanlon, Robert Lawrenfon, William Batler, and John Lawrenfon, efquire3, the reverend dean Wallh, the reverend do&or Henry Candler, the reverend do&or Arthur Jacob, the reverend Frederick French, the reverend Philip Wallh, the reverend Nicholas Fufter, the reverend John Dalton Harwood, Michael Jacob, Henry Lewis, Hugh Bathorn, and John Elliot, gentlemen; and that the following perfons aud thofe who lhall be ele&-ed in their Head, according to the rules and orders in the faid former a& contained, and none other, lhall be trulleea for putting the faid a& and this prefent a£f in execution for the Munfter divifion, (that is to fay) the mod reverend Michael lord archbifhop of Calhel, the right honourable Stephen lord vifeount Mount Cafhell, the right honourable John lord vifeount Chnwilliam, the right honourable Robert lord Kinglborough, the right honourable fir Thomas Maud, baronet, the members of Parliament for the county of Tipperary for the time being, the members of Parliament and chief magrdrate of the city of CalheU for the time being, the incumbents of the feveral pari files through which the faid Muniler divifion of faid road partes, tor the time being, and their fucceflors, Francis Matthew, Henry Prittie, Cornelius O’Callaghan, Richard Pennefea-ther, fenior, William Pennefeather, Richard Permefeather junior, Wray Pallifer, Mathew Jacob, John Power, John Bagwell, Stephen Moore of Marlfield, William Barton, John Lapp Judkin, Richard Butler Hamilton Lowe, Daniel Gahan, Robert Bradfhaw, Richard Underwood, Benjamin Lockwood, Samuel Alleyn, Benjamin Bunbury, Thoma3 Bunbury, William Latham, Edward Moore, James Bad ham Thornhill, Francis Lodge, and William Baker Squires, the reverend John Lord, the reverend Lawrence S 2	Ncligan*

Digitized by CjOOQle

A. D.

1775'6* Chap. 36.

binder diviilnn of lilt rtud,

Munftcr

divifiun.

The toll.

7l.e fifteenth endfixteenih Tears of George III. Neligan, the reverend Richard Fitz-Gcrald, WOliam Lock-wood, Paul Phelan, Samuel Cooper, Thomas Surman, William Ruflel, James Ruflel, Robert Bradfhaw of Alleen, Francis Weyland, Samuel Bradfhaw, Thomas Lamphier, Richard SadliVr, and William Hamerfly, gentlemen, and fhall be invefted with all the powers and authorities in the laid former ad and in this prelent ad given aud enaded to all intents and purpofes.

III.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore-faid, That that part of the faid road, extending from Ti-mohoc in the Queen’s county through Ballynakill and Dur-row to the bounds between the counties of Kilkenny and Tipperary, fhall hereafter be diflinguilhed and known by the name of thc'Leinfler divifion of the faid road ; and that that part of the faid road, extending from the bounds between the faid counties of Kilkenny and Tipperary through the city of Cafhell to the town of Tipperary in the county of Tipperary, fhall hereafter be diflinguilhed aud known by the name of the Muniler divifion of the faid road.

IV.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore-faid, That the feveral tolls and duties granted by the faid former act fhall be collecled and paid according to the di-redlions of the faid ad until the firfl day of Novtmber one thoufand feven hundred ami feventy fix ; and that from and after the faid firfl day of November one thoufand feven hundred and feventy fix for and during the continuance of the faid former and this prefent ad, the truflees herein named, or any ftven or more of them, or thofe by them authorized and appointed, fhall and may take and receive the refpedive tolls and duties following, before any horfe, mare, gelding, afs, or mule, cattle, coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chaife, chair, waggon, wain, cart, car, or other carriage fhall be permitted to pafs through the fame; (that is to fay) for every coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chaife or chair, drawn by fix or more horfes, geldings, marcs, or mules, the fuai of two fhillings and fix pence ; and for every coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chaife, or chair drawn by any number of horfes, geldings, mares, or mules, ids than fix, and more than two, one (hilling and fix pence; and for e^ery coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chaife or chair drawn by two horfes, geldings, mares or mules, thirteen pence; and for every carriage, commonly called a chair or chaife, drawn by one horfe, mare, gelding, or other bead, fix pence; and fer every waggon, wain, cart, or carriage with four wheels, draw'n by three or more horfes or ether beads, two (hillings; and for every waggon, wain, cart or carriage with two wheels, drawn by'fimre than two horfes, mares, geldings, mules, or other beads, one (billing and fix pence ; and For every cart, or other carriage with two wheels, and drawn

by

Digitized by LjOOQle

Tie fifteenth, and fixteenth Tears of George III.

*77

by two horfes, marcs, geldings, mules, or other beads,	A- I),

fix penfe ; and for every car, or other carriage drawn by	1775-6.

o**e horfe, mare, gelding, or other bead, two pence; Chap. 56. (excepting cars laden with turf? and for each and every of them, one penny) and for every horfe, mare, gelding, mule, or afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, one penny halfpenny ; and for every drove of oxen, or ntat cattle, one frilling and eight pence, by the fcore, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler number; and for every drove of calves, hogs, fheep, or lambs, ten pence by the fcore, and . fo in proportion for any greater or lefler number; and for every carriage, whereon fhall be carried or borne any mill- •	}

. ftone or milldones, five {hillings ; which faid refpc&ive fum . and fums of money fhall be demanded and taken in the narpe of or as a toll or tolls; and the money thereby to be raifed and colle&ed, is and fhall be vefied in the faid truflees, fub-je& and liable to the payment of the debts now due to the creditors of the faid road, which faid debts are hereby made a charge upon the faid tolls in manner hereafter mentioned (that is to fay) that the tolls ariling, and to aiife or be pollc&edon the Leinfler divifion of the iaid road, fhall be applied and difpofed of for carrying this ad into execution and for keeping in repair that divifion of faid road, and for payment of the fums neretofore borrowed, and which fhall be hereafter borrowed on the credit of the tolls of that divifion of the faid road only, and the intereft due and to grow due for the fame; and the tolls arifing and to arife or be colleded on the Munfter divifion of the faid road fhall be applied and difpofed of for carrying this ad into execution, and for keeping in repair that divifion of the faid road, and for the payment of the films heretofore borrowed, and which fhall be hereafter borrowed, on the credit of the tolls of that divifion of the faid road only, and the interell due and to grow due for the fame.

V.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. Toll bur That no perfon or perfons fhall be obliged to pay any of-once a day the tolls herein before mentioned more than once in the cach ^ivillon* fame day within either of the divifions of the faid road ; but every perfon having paid the toll or duty hereby impofed at any one of the gates, erected or to be tre&ed on the faid road between Timahoe in the Queen’s county through Bal-lynakill and Durrow, and the bounds between the counties of Kilkenny and Tipperary, on producing a note or ticket thereof (which the receiver or receivers of the faid tolls are hereby required to give without fee or reward) fhall be permitted to pa(s free through all the feveral gates on the faid divifion at any time during the day in which he has paid the (aid toll as aforefaid; and fo in like manner having once paid the (aid toll at any one of the gates on the laid other

divifion

Digitized by LiOOQle

The fifteenth andfixteenth Tears of Georg* Ilf. divifion of the faid road between the bounds of the faid counties of Kilkenny and Tipperary through the city of Cafhell to the town of Tipperary in the county of Tipperary, fhall, on producing fuch ticket or note thereof, be admitted at any time during the faid day to pafs through the other gates of the faid divifion of the faid road; but it is the true intention and meaning of this ad, that every perfon fhtll pay twice on the fame day, in cafe he fhall travel over more of the faid road, than is contained in one divifion of the fame.

Exempt from loll.

Clerk’s falary not under lot. nor above sol. a year.

A publick

VI.	Provided, and it is hereby declared. That no perfon fhall be charged with any of the tolls or duties aforefaid on paffing through any of the turnpike gates on either divifion, who fhall carry any (tones, gravel, or other materials for repairing the faid roads, or any of the roads in the parifhes, in which the fame do lie; nor fhall any perfon be chargeable with the faid toll or duty for any cars, carts, or waggons, laden with corn in the ftraw only, nor for any plows, harrows, or other implements of hufbandry, in order to the ufmg and repairing the fame in the feveral parifhes, in which the faid road docs lie; nor for any horfe or any other cattle going to water, nor for any poll-horfe carrying the mail or packet, nor for fuch horfe as fhall be ufed only to ride on by the owner or driver of any waggon, carr, or carriage, provided fuch horfe pafs through the faid turn* pike with fuch waggon, cart, or carriage; nor fhall any toll be takeo for the horfes of foldiers pafftng that are upon their march, or for waggons, carts, cais, or other carri* ages attending them, or fur the horfes, cars, or other carriages travelling with vagrants fent by paffes, or with pri-foners tranfmitted from one part of the kingdom to another.

VII.	And be it further cna&ed by the authority afore-

faid, That the falary or wages of the clerk or receiver, to be appointed by the faid truftees of each divifion for carrying the faid former and this a & into execution, fhall not be lefs than ten pounds nor exceed the fum of twenty pounds yearly.	*

VIII.	And he it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That this adl fhall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick a&, and fhall be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juftices, and other perfons whatfoever, without fptcially pleading the fame*

pHAP,

Tie fifteenth andfifteenth Tears of George III.	*79

A. D.

CHAP. XXXVII.	1755-6.

A AS for continuing an A3 faffed in the fcvtntb Tsar of the Reign of bis late Majtfiy King George the J'econd, entitled, An AS for making more effeftual an Ad pafftd in the third l ear of the Reign of bis prefent Majejly King George the Second, entitled. An AS for repaying the Road lead-ing from the City of Dublin to the Trwn 1 f haven in iht County of Meat by and for repairing the Roads leading from the /aid Town of Navan to the Tvwn of Nobber in the /aid County i as a\fo for repairing the Road leading from the jaid Town of Kansan to the T9 vert of Kells in the Jaid County.

WHEREAS by an ad of Parliament patted in the third year of the reign of his late hfajefty King George the fecond, entitled. An aft for repairing the road ieading from the city of Dublin to the town of Navan in the county of Meath, it was provided amongft other things, that die tolls and duties thereby granted fbould take place and have continuance only from and after the tenth day of May in the year of our Lord one tboufead (even hundred •nd thirty? for and during the term of twenty one years: and whereas by another act of Parliament patted in the fe-	%

venth year of the reign of his feid late Majelly lving George the fecondj entitled, An aft for making more effeftual an aft faffed in the third year of the reign of bis prefent Majejly King George the fecond, entitled. An aft for repairing the road leading from the city of Dublin to the town of Navan in the f'mnty of Meath, and for repairing the roads leading jrotn fhe Jaid town of Navan to the town of Nobber in the Jaid county, as affo for repairing the road leading from the fnul town of Navan to the town of Kells in the f aid county, it was among other things enacted, That the (kid ad made in the third year of his faid late Majefty's reign, and all and every the powers, authorities, articles, rules, penalties, and claafes therein contained, (except what were thereby altered) fhouid be of full force and effedt, and fliould continue and be executed, from and after the expiration of the faid term for and during the further term of ,twenty«four' years, and from thence to the end of the then next fefliun of Parliament: and whereas tlic faid a£t wiH expire at the end of this prefent fefliou of Parliament; be it cnaded by the King’s moil excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament attembled, and by the authority of the feme, That the faid laft mentioned ad aru} the foid former ad, as the feme is thereby amended, altered, and confirmed, and all and every the authorities, powers,

articles.

Digitized by L.ooQle

7 G. 2. C. 21, Sc 3 G. 2. c. 19. as amended, continued further two years, Sec.

to 1811, Ac. as to road from Dublin to Na-van, 19 & 20 G. 3. c. 43. Amended 17, *8 G. 3. c. 37.

The fifteenth and fixteenth Tears of George III. articles, rules, penalties, and claufes therein contained, (hall be of full force and effect, and (hall continue and be exe-cuted from and after the expiration of the faid terms of twenty one years and twenty four years for and during the further term of two years, and from thence to the end of the then next fefiion of Parliament, for the intents and purpofes in the faid ad mentioned, as if the fame powers and authorities granted and given by the faid ad were herein again repeated and re-enaded in the body of this prelent ad; any thing contained in the faid ad of the feventh year of the reign of his faid late Majefty King George the fecond to the contrary notwithftanding.

CHAP. XXXVIII.

An Art for confirming and eftablijbing an Agreement made between the fur vising 'I rnfiees named in or elerttd and appointed pwfuant to the lad Will and Codicil of George Vaughan, Ejquire, deceafed, and the fttmjinjing Devijeu named in the Jaid Will, concerning the real and perfonsd Efiates whereof the faid George Vaughan died feezed or poJJefedj and for making the faid Agreement ejfedual, and for incorporating the faid Trufiees for the better Execution 'of fuch of the Charities appointed by the faid WiUx as can. he maintained, and jor other Purpofes.

Recifsl will \\/HERE AS George *Va ugh an of Bui^raitagh m the of G'Vaughan, VV county of Donegall, efquire, deceafed, was in and *3 June, 1753. before the year one thoufand feven hundred and fifty-three feized in fee Ample of and in the manor, towns, lands, fee farm rents, tenements, and hereditaments herein after mentioned, and pofTefled of a coniiderable perfonal eftate and leafehold interells; and being fo feized and poffeffed did duly make and publilh his laft will and teflament, attefted according to the form of the llatute for devifmg real eftate&, bearing date on or about the twenty third day of June, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and fifty three, and did therein and thereby give, devife, and bequeath all hi* eftate in the county of Fermanagh, and all other his lands of inheritance, freehold leafes, and leafes for years, unto the moll reverend father in God, George, then archbifhop of Armagh, the right reverend William then lord bifhop of Derry, and his fucceffors, the right reverend Robert then lord bifhop of Clogher, and his iucceftors, the right reverend Robert then lord bifhop of Raphoe, and his fucceffors, the right reverend Edward then lord bifhop of Elphin, fince deceafed, the right reverend Jofeph then lord bifhop of Kilmore, fince deceafed, the right reverend Henry then . lord bifhop of Meath, fince deceafed, the right honourable 1	St,

Digitized by CjOOQle

The fifteenth andfifteenth Tears of George III.	2

St. George Caulfield then lord chief juftice of his Majefty's A. X> court of King’s-bench in Ireland, the right honourable 1775.5* Henry Singleton theh lord chief juftice of his Majefty’s A>1 court of Common-pleas in Ireland, fince deceafed, the re-.yerend Thomas Bernard, clerk, then re&or of Maghera,

. and now dean of Derry, the reverend Mr. Goulding, clerk, archdeacon of the diocefe of Derry, the reverend Richard Ledie of Londonderry, Anthony Fofter of the city of Dublin, efquire, now the right honourable Anthony Fofter lord chief baron of his Majefty’s court of Exchequer in Ireland, and Andrew Knox of Prehen in the county of Londonderry, efquire, fince deceafed, their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, and afligns for ever, upon the feveral trulls, intents, and purpofes therein mentioned and appoint-, ed; that is to fay, that the faid truftees and fuch other perfon and perfons as ftiould from time to time fucceed in the faid trull purfuant to a claufe for that purpofe contained in the faid will, do and lhall in the firll place lay out - and apply the yearly fum of two thoufand pounds fterling in the manner therein and herein after mentioned; and upon further trull that the laid truftees out of the refidue of the yearly rents, iffues, and profits of tfie real eilate and leafehold interells devifed and bequeathed to them as afore-faid do and (hall pay all chief rents and other rents, that the fame (land chargeable with, and all fines for renewal, and the refidue thereof, to Alice Vaughan his wife for her fife, provided Ihe (hould fo long continue a widow, and after her death or marriage to Bafill Brooke his nephew, and one of his coheirs for hfe, and after hfs death to Guflavus Brooke his nephew for life, and after his death to Henry . Parte his nephew and one other of his coheirs for life, and after his death to William Newburgh his coufin for hfe, and after his death to Arthur Newburgh his coufin for life, and after his death to the heirs male of the furvivor of them the faid Bafill Brooke, Quftavus Brooke, Henry Harte, William Newburgh and Arthur Newburgh, and for default of ifiue male of fuch furvivor then to the heirs male of the (aid BafiH Brooke, remainder to the heirs male of the faid Guf-tavus Brooke, remainder to the heirs male of the faid Henry Parte, the remainder to the heirs male of the faid William Newburgh, remainder to the heirs male of the faid Arthur Newburgh, remainder to the incorporated fociety for promoting Enghfti proteftant fchools; and the faid George Vaughan in and by his faid will did direct, that the faid yearly fum of two thoufand pounds fterling (hould be applied in manner following; that is to fay, firll to the payment of his debts, then to the payment of annuities and pecuniary legacies bequeathed by his will, and then in the purchafe of lands of inheritance in fee fiqiple until fuch lands

fa

&

Digitized by v^ooQie

The fifteenth and fifteenth Tears tf George III.

A- ®* to to be purehafed, together with hts fee Ample eftafe

1775-6. thereby devifed, fhould amount to the dear yearly value of Chap. 38. four thoufand pounds fterling; and the feid George Vtughan m and by his faid will did further dired, that when and fo foon as mch purchafes Ihould be complcated, that his trnf-tees fhould fet apart the faid eft ate in the county of Fermanagh, and fo much of the other fee (imple eftates in the county of Donegall, and leasehold mterefts, and of the lands to be pnrehafed as afbrefaid, as (hould make up and amount to the clear yearly value of two thoufand pounds fterling, artd be beft circumftanced, and moft fit to anfwer the charitable purpofes in the faid wifl and herein mentioned, and the refidue thereof amounting, according to the intention of the teftator expreffed in his faid will, to one other yearly fura of two thoufand pounds fterling, to be fettled by his truftees, upon and to the ufe of the faid AKce Vaughan during her life or widowhood, remainder to the faid Bafill Brooke for life, remainder to the faid Guftavus Brooke for life, remainder to the faid Henry Haste for life, remainder to the faid William Newburgh for life, remainder to the faid Arthur Newburgh for life, remainder to the heirs male of the fnrvivor of them the faid Bafill Brooke, Guftavus Brooke, Henry Harte, William Newburgh, and Arthur Newburgh, and for default of iflue male of fuch funrivor then to the heirs male of the faid Bafill Brooke, remainder to the heirs male of the faid Gtiftavos Brooke, remainder to the heirs male of the laid Henry Harte, remainder to the heirs male of the faid William Newburgh, remainder to the heirs male of the faid Arthur Newbmgh, remainder to the incorporated fociety for promoting Englifh proteflant fchools; and the faid George Vaughan in and by his faid will did give and bequeath all fndi debts and arrears of rent (except a bequefl to his poor tenants out of the arrears of rent) as (hould be due to hfm at the time of his death; and aB his plate, furniture, flock of cattle, and all other his perfonal eftate (his leafes only excepted) to the faid Alice Vaughan, clear and difeharged from the payment of any of his debts or legacies, fhe, on a fchedule or inventory being taken thereof giving fecurity for equal value being forth coming at her deceafe for the ufes of his will in general, and more particularly as a fund fpr building a church and charter fchool as in the faid will is mentioned; and the faid George Vaughan, in and by his faid will did direA and appoint, that after compleating fuch purchafes as aforefaid, the faid yearly fum of two thoufand pounds fterling intended for charitable ufes fhould be applied in manner following: that is to fay, that his truftees fhould in the firft place, by, with, and out of the yearly rents and profits thereof make and cred on fuch place, and according^ to fuch plan or

model.

Digitized by LiOOQle

Thefifteenth and fxHetdh Tears of George III. model, as he by writing under htt lmnd and feal (which	A.

writing the faid teftator omitted to leave behind him) (hould	j 77545.

direct and appoint, one or more good and (tibibmtial btriW- Chap. 3$, ing or buildings fnfftcient to receive and lodge three hundred boys, and two hundred girls, together wkh proper fchool rooms, work-honfes, and apartments for the fovcral mafters and rarftreflbs that fhall from time to time here the care and inftro&ion of fuch boys and giiis, together with all proper onthonfes; ftich buddings to be caMed and known by the name of the charitable charter fchool, ere&ed and endowed by the laft will and teftament of George Vanghan, efquire; and in the next place make and ere& a church, and enclofe a church yard, on fuch place and according to fuch phn or model as he (hould dire& and appoint: and in cafe he (houid die without making any fuch appointment (which event has happened) then that fuch buddings, church, and church yard fhould be made on fuch part of the faid eftate in the county of Fermanagh, and after fuch form and manner, as the faid tniftees (hall dircA and appoint ; and after fuch buildings fhould be made and ere&ed, the faid George Vaughan in and by his faid will did direct and appoint, that the faid yearly fum of two thoufand pounds ftcrling (hould be employed in fuch manner and under fuch regulations and reftri&ions, as he by writing under bis hand for that pnrpofc (hculd dire# and appoint; and in cafe he fhonld die without making fuch direction or eppoiirtmcnt (which event has happened) then in maintaining, bringing up, cducatirg, and inftru&ing three hundred boys and two hundred girls in the faid fchrol in the fercra! branches of the linen macufa&ory and hufbandry theiem mentioned, in fuch manner as the (aid truftces fh*H from time to time think mod fit, convenient, and ufefui for the ftipport, maintenance, and inftru&ion of fuch boys and girls, as (ball from time to time be admitted cr received iirto tlie (aid fchool; and the faid George Vanghan in and by his faid will did dire A and appoint, that when am! fo often as bis trufteea by death or otlicrwife fhould be reduced to the iiumbct nine, then they, and the fnnrivors and furvivor of them, fhould clccl and make choice of fo many' and fuch other fit and proper perfons to he trullces together with the then remaining truHecs, as (hall complete and make up the number thirteen at moft, and that reafonafele notice of all meetings jn order to the tranfa&ing of any bnfinefs of weight or mo-mci.t relating to the faid trulls (hall be given to the feveral truftccs for the time being; and that the faid truftees (hail have power to make leafes for three lives or thirty one years, and of renewing leafes for ever, under the reftri&ions in the' faid will mentioned; and the faid teftator did give and bequeath fome pecuniary legacies, and did dire&, that the •	fame

1

Digitized by v^ooQle

executors in (kid will,

codicil 18 Sept. 1758,

executors in codicil, Sec.

executors renouncing, Ac.

admimftration with will annexed to Gufta-vu* Brooke,

The fifteenth andfixteenth Tears of Gedrge III. fame (hould not be paid or bear intereft, until his debts (hould be Bril paid, and did appoint his wife his executrix, and in cafe fhe (hould die before him, he did appoint the (aid Andrew Knox, William Lenox of the city of Dublin, ef» quire, the reverend Mr. Goulding, clerk, archdeacon of the diocefe of Derry, and the reverend Richard Lefi^e late curate of the parifh of Fahan in the county of Donegall, clerk, executors of his faid lail will and teftament; and the faid George Vaughan, on or about the eighteenth day of September, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and fifty eight, made a codicil to his (aid will, and thereby did dire& his truftees to permit his niece Mary Sampfon to have and take the iffues and profits arifing from a leafehold iq-tereft, which he held under the fee of Derry (except a past thereof therein excepted) and did revoke fome of the pecuniary legacies bequeathed by his faid will, and did bequeath fome other pecuniary legacies, and did revoke the appointment of the faid William Lenox and archdeacon Edward Goulding as his truftees and executors, and did appoint the reverend do&or Edward Ledwich, now dean of Kildare, as a truftee and executor of his laft will and teilamcot in their place: and whereas the faid Alice Vaughan, and Arthur Newburgh died in the lifetime of the faid George Vaughan, and the faid George Vaughao died on or about the fifth day of April, in the year one thoufend feven hundred and fixty three, without iflue, and without revoking or altering his faid will and codicil, or either of them: and whereas the executors named and appointed in and by the lail faid will and teftament and codicil of the faid George Vaughan did by writing under their hands and feals renounce the execution thereof, and refufe to take the probate thereof, and thereupon admini ft ration under the feal of his Majefty’s court of prerogative in Ireland of the goods and chatties, rights and credits, of the faid George Vaughan, was granted and committed to the faid BafiU Brooke ; and the (aid Bafill Brooke having died on or about the fifth day of January, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty eight, thereupon adminiftration of the goods and chatties, rights, and credits, which were of the faid George Vaughan at the time of his death unadminiftered by the faid Bafill Brooke deceafed, with the will and codicil of the faid George Vaughan annexed, was granted under the feal of the faid court of prerogative unto the faid Guftavus Brooke ; and whereas the real and leafehold interefts of the faid George Vaughan at the time of making his (aid will did produce a clear yearly income of two thoufand three hundred and fifteen pounds iler* ling or thereabouts, and did afterwards in his lifetime produce a greater yearly income j^and the faid George Vaughan

did

Digitized by LnOOQie

remainder of

Tihe fifteenth andfixteenth Tears of George III. did exprcfsly devife the furplus thereof over and above the yearly fum of two thoufand pounds fterling to his wife and other relations as aforefaid, and moft probably did apprehend fuch furplus to be of confiderable yearly value; but the faid George Vaughan, having by his codicil otherwise difpofed of his leafehold interefl under the fee of Derry, and his other leafehold interefts having expired in or about the qooSi* year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy, nothing now re- ycar> &c. mains to anfwer the charitable devifes in the faid will of the aa herein, faid George Vaughan, or the provifion which he did intend to make for his relations and devifees, fave only his real eftates in the counties of Fermanagh and Donegall, which in the whole are of the clear yearly value of one thoufand two hundred and eighty four pounds fifteen {hillings fterling, or thereabouts, and no more, and are totally infufficient to enable the faid truftees within any reafonable period of time to purchafe as much lands of inheritance, as together with the faid eftates in the counties of Fermanagh and Donegall (hall be fufficient to produce a yearly income of four thoufand pounds fterhng; and until fuch purchafes {hall be made, no part of the charitable purpofes intended by the faid George Vaughan can take cffe& in poiTeflion, neither can any benefit ever arife to the- devifees for life named in tlie will of the faid George Vaughan ; and it will be more for the advantage as well of the charity as of the relations and devifees of the faid George Vaughan to divide the faid eftates between them, fo as mat the feveral parties interefted may enjoy an immediate benefit therefrom, than to wait for an event fo very remote as compleating the purchafes diredled by the faid will of the faid George Vaughan: and whereas an agreement has been made between the moft reverend father in God Richard lord archbifhop of Armagh, primate and metropolitan of all Ireland, the right reverend and right honourable Frederick lord bifhop of Derry, the right reverend John lord bifhop of Clogher, the right reverend John lord biftiop of Raphoe, the right honourable Saint George Caulfield, the reverend Thomas Barnard do£or in divinity and dean of Derry, the reverend Richard Leflie clerk, the right honourable Anthony Fofter lord chief baron of his Majefty’s court of exchequer in Ireland, the reverend Edward Ledwich, do&or of laws, dean of Kildare, the honourable William Scott, efquire, fecond baron of the faid court of exchequer, the reverend Richard Woodward, dotftor of 9 laws, dean of Clogher, and the right honourable fir Arthur Brooke baronet, truftees appointed by or ele&ed purfuant to thelaft will and codicil of the faid George Vaughan, and the faid Guftavus Brooke, one of the ncphcw3 and devifees

Digitized by CjOOQle

2% 6

A. D.

1775.6. Chap. 38.

Tiefifteenth andfixtemth Teart rf George 111. of the (aid George Vaughan, aad adminiftrator of all and fiBgular the good* aad chatties, fights and credits, which were of the (aid George Vaughan, at the time of his death unadminiftered by Bawl Brooke, tfquire, decea&d, with the wffl and codicil of the (aid George Vaughan annexed, the faid Henry Hartr, William Newburgh, and Henry Vaughan Brooke, cfquire, eldcft fon and heir at law of the (aid BafiQ Brooke, that all that and thole the towns, lands, fee farm rents, tenements, and hereditaments, herein after particularly mentioned and deferibed, now of the clear yearly value of fix hundred and forty fire pounds eight (hillings and eight pence fterljng, or thereabouts, being one moiety of the real eftate of the faid Gcoige Vaughan, fubject to one moiety of the crown rent payable out of the manor of Caltle-ballet io the county of Fermanagh to his Majefty, hu heirs and fucceffois ) and alfo one moiety of aQ fuch part of the faid two thoufand rounds a year, as has been received out of the tdlator’s eftate and leafehold interefls, and al£o one moiety of all the rents that have been received ant of , the tr&dtor's real eftate fince the expiration of his leafes to aad for the firft day of November, in the year one thou land feven hundred and feventy five, and of all arrears of *ent that did remain due and unpaid on the (aid firft day of November inclufi ve, and of all the petfonal eftate of the faid ufta-tor now remaining in the hands of the faid Guftivus Brooke his adminiftrator, or Handing out oa fecurities. Cave and except one bond executed by the honourable John Ciuehefter, cfquire, deceafed, to the faid George Vaughan, and conditioned for the performance of covenants, and of a judgment obtained thereon; and aKo lave aad except any benefit or advantage that may arifr from the teftator’s faid leafe, under the fee of Doty, (hall be and remain veftci in the (aid truftees and their (ucccfibrs to and for the ufc of the charity intended by the laid George Vaughan: and further that all that and thole the towns, lands, fee farm rents, tenements, and hereditaments, herein after particularly mea-tioned, how of the dear yearly vake of fix hundred and thirty nine pounds fix (hidings and three pence halfpenny fterling, or thereabouts, and aft other the reft and refiduc of the (aid teflator’s red and freehold eftates, and alfo the tef-talor's perfonal eftate and iatereft io the towns and laid* of Mafhill and Tyroneil in the county of Donegall, and alio *tbe other moiety of all fuch part of the (aid two thoufand potiads a year, as has been received out of the teilator** eftate and leafehold mterefts, and alfo the other moiety of ail the rents that have been received out of the teftaior’s real eftate fince the expiration of his leafehold interefts to and for the firft day of November, in the year one thoufand

feven

Digitized by v^ooQle

Tie fifteenth andfisdetntb Tears of George III.	z$J

feven hundred aid fcventy Eve indufive, aid of all arrears A. D. of rest that did remain due and unpaid on the {aid firft day >77f*& of November indufive, and of all the perfonal eftate of the Chap. 38. hid teftator now remaining in the hands of the feid (Juft*- * mi Brooke, or handing out upon feenrities, and all benefit and advantage that may arife from the (aid judgment obtained by the teftator againft the faid John Chicbefter, or from the teftator’s faid leafe under the fee of Derry, feb-jeft to one moiety of the crown rent of the faid manor of Caftlebaftet, and to all other rest referred and payable out of the teftator’s real and perfonal eftate in the county of Donegall, (hall be and remain vefted in the faid Henry Vaughan Brooke, his heirs, executors, administrator* and affigns, but neverthelefe as to the faid towns, lands and pne-miffies laft mentioned to fiuch ufes as are herein after men-turned concerning the feme ; and aa to the feid perfonal eftate in truft for the feid Guftavus Brooke, Henry Hart*

William Newburgh, and Henry Vaughan Brooke, their executors, acUmnifccators and affigns, in manner herein after mentioned ; and likewife that all woods and plantations now (landing on the feid eftate in the county of Fermanagh (halt he (bid with all roaveaient fpeed; and that one moiety of the money anting from fuch fale be paid to the feid truftecs# or their affigns, and the other moiety thereof to the faid Henry Vaughan Brooke, his executors and adminiftcar tors, upon the trufls aforefaid; and that one moiety of all fuch debts and legacies of the feid teftator, as yet remain due and unpaid, (hall be paid by the faid truft ees, and the other moiety thereof by the faid Henry Vaughan Brooke# and lafUy, that application fhould be forthwith made for an aft of Parliament to enable the feid parties to carry the > (aid agreement into complete execution, and for fuch other purpofes as may be thought neceflary; and that one mo* iety of all cofts and expences that may attend the fame, and the recovery of the debts due to the teftator, and of the arrears of rent due out of hisfeveral eftatea, and of all other expences attending the teftator’s affairs, until the obtaining ©f fuch aft of Parliament, (hall be paid and defrayed by the feid truftees out of their (hare of the teftator’s fortune, end the other moiety thereof by the faid Henry Vaughan Brooke. And whereas by a deed poll, bearing date on or Approved by about the feventeenth day of February in the year one thou- ^ ^***7 lor fend feven hundred and fcventy lix, the faid incorporated fo-	fcc

©iety in Dublin far promoting Englifh proteftant fchools did fignify their approbation of the aforefeid agreement, and did declare their confent, that application be made for an aft of Parliament to enable the faid parties to the faid articles to ©arry the feid agreement into ccmpleat execution : and

whereas

Digitized by v^ooQie

a corporation for executing the charitable fcheme in faid will,

governors named, &c.

The fifteenth andfixteenib Teart of George III. whereas the Dud agreement is manifeftly advantageous to all parties claiming under the (aid lad will and codicil of the laid George Vaughan, and fit to be carried into execution* but the fame cannot be effe&uaUy done without the aid of Parliament: and whereas it may tend to promote the due execution of fo much of the charitable fcheme of the (aid George Vaughan, as the fund now remaining for that pur-pofe mall be lufficient to anfwer, that the faid traders, and the reverend Howard Saint George clerk, re&or of the pa-rilh of Magherahculmony and Drumkieran in the county of Fermanagh, and the redors of Drumkieran for the time being, be conditutcd a corporation to carry into execution and continue the faid charitable fcheme for ever; therefore at the humble petition and requed of his grace the faid lord primate of all Ireland, Frederick lord bifhop of Derry, John lord bifhop of Cloghcr, John lord bifhop of Raphoe, Saint Geotgc Caulfield, Richard Leflie, Anthony Fofter lord chief baron of the court of Exchequer, Edward Eedwich dean of Kildare, William Scott fecond baron of the faid court, Richard Woodward dean of Clogher, and dr Arthur Brooke, and Howard Saint George, and the rector of the parifh of Drumkieran, for the time being, truf-tees appointed by or ele&cd purfuant to the laft will and codicil of the faid George Vaughan, Guflavus Brooke, Henry Harte, and Henry Vaughan Brooke, and by and with the confent of the faid incorporated fociety, be it enacled by the King’s mofl excellent Majefty by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from henceforth there be and (hall be a corporation to continue for ever for the execution of the charitable fcheme in the faid laft will and teftament of the faid George Vaughan, fo far forth as the fund hereby veiled in fuch corporation lhall be fufficient to aofwer the fame; which corporation lhall for ever hereafter be called and known by the name of the governors of the charitable charter fchool erected and endowed by the laft will and teftament of George Vaughan efqiure, and lhall confift of the fevreal perions herein after named, that is to fay, his grace the lord archbilhop of Armagh primate of all Ireland for the time being, the lord bilhop of Derry for the time being, the lord bilhop of Clogher for the time being, the lord bilhop of Raphoe for the time being, the faid Saint George Caulfield, Thomas Barnard, Richard Lellie, Anthony Fofter, Edwaid Lcdwich,. William Scott, Richard Woodward, iir Arthur Brooke, Howard Saint George, and the rector of Drum*-kieran for the lime being*.

II.	Be

Digitized by

Google

7hififteenth dndjixttenth Teats ef Ocorgd III.

H. Be k ena&ed by the authority aforefaft. That all that and thofe the towiriy lands, fcf farrri rents; tenements, and hereditaments following, that is to fay, all that and thofe the towns and lands of Crevenifh, Kamplony other-wife Caibplooity, and two orchards adjoining thereto; Caddy OtherWife Kedy otherwife Kedagh, MavefluH, Rabbftt Ifoe ofeHerwifc Rabbi tt I found, Cornacrea otherWifeCoi'riecrea, i^tffingle, Drimchunny otherwife Drimhuny* otherwife Dfoihchftnny, , Rofcah otherwife Rofca, Letterkeeo, MnckruAr otherwife Milckcrofe,' Mockrufh-point and I>ruAmifh, abd the tenements in the town of Cafti 6-tbtrwrife Ktfh, and Ad mill, and tl>e mill tenements and cmffoma of Ae fold town of Cafh otherwife Refh-£>rinsclnna oAerwHV Dnuriduna, PorAode otherwife Portmode; Hanefty otherwife Iftand-hfaft, Hare-Ifland otherwise Hair-Madd, Eaft and' Weft Dura otherwife Du rah otfherwffc called Littlfe and Big, Dura otherwife Durah, Fed-.daaSf Hriifccfiumn oAerwife Drnmhurrin otherWrfe Drim htfttiri; laetterbooy oAerwife Lettcrboy, Crullan otherwife GrOlan; and Tihrit oAerwife Tiberud, oAerwife Tibrid, Glooncaghr Otherwife Clgncah oAerwife Rock of Cloncab, and alforone yearly fee form rent of four potmds twelve fhft-Kdgaft^Ang charged arid chargeable upon all that and thofe the .town and lands of Clarevie, the little ifiand belonging to Cfcreview, and the bar of Driittmort otherwife Dromore otheiVife DrurnmOrey and aHb one other yearly fee farm rent of eight pounds* five fhillings fterling, charged and chargeable upon aH that and thofe the town and lands of Rofcofoon oAererifc Rafcolban; and alfo one other yearly for form rent of orie pound andfbur pence fterling, charged and chargeable upon all that and thofe the town and lands of Drumnandkgb otherwife Drumarollagh, with all and every Ae rights, members, fubdenominations, and appurtenances, by whatfoe^er name or names, defeription or de-foriptionsi the feriie or any of them, is or are or hath or have been called, known, or diftinjguzfhed; all which faid tbwnS atod laddrare diftinguifhed upon Ae map or furvey thereof annexed to Ae faid recited articles of the iixteenth day of February, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy fix, by Ae’ name of Ae Weftefn divilion, and are part and parcel of the faid manor of Caftlehaflett, and are (ituate, lying; attd being in Ae county of Fermanagh, fubjedl however to this payment of one moiety of Ae crown rent payable oat of the faid manor to his Majefty, his heirs 'and fucceftbrs for ever; and alfo all that and thofe one full and equal moiety of all fuch part of the faid yearly fain of two A6afond potmds fterling as, haA been received out of the read and ieafehold eftates and interefts of the faid George Valtghan ; and aHo one full and equal moiety of all the

Voir. VI.	T	rents

*«9

A. D.

■1775-6-Chap. 58.

Eftntes veiled in them tor that purpofe.

Digitized by L»ooQle

J jo	TJrfifteenth andfifteenth Teart $f George 1IL

A. D. tents that hare been received out of the faid real eftate of 1775-6. the faid George Vaughan fince the expiration of hit lcafes Chap. 38. to and for the firft day of November, in the year one thou-fand feven hundred and feventy five inclufive, and of all arrears of rent that did remain due and unpaid on the Dud firft. day of November inclufive, and of all the perfonal eftate of the faid George Vaughan which remains in the hands of the (aid Guftavus Brooke, or outftanding upon fecurities, fave and except the faid bond executed by the faid John ChichefLer, and the judgment obtained thereon by the faid George Vaughan, and fave and except the faid leafehold intereft held by the faid George Vaughan under the fee of Derry, fub-je& however to the payment of one moiety of all fnch debts and legacies of the faid George Vaughan, as the lame were or are fubjed to, and alfo to the payment of one hioiety of all the cofts and expenses that have attended or (hall or may attend the filing for and recovering the debts due to the laid George Vaughan, and the (aid arrears of rent, or any of them, or the management of the (aid testator’s affairs, and of obtaining this aft of Parliament, until the fame (hall pafs into a law, be, and the fame are from the firft day of November, in the year one thoubnd feven hundred and feventy five, hereby vetted in and fettled tipon the faid governor? of the charitable charter fchool, credted and endowed by the laft will and teftament of George Vaughan efquire, and their fucceffors for ever, freed and difeharged of and from all and every the eftates, entails, tifes, trulls, limitations, remainders, reverfions, charges, and incumbrances what foe ver in or by the faid recited laft Will and teftament or codicil of the faid George Vaughan, limited, created, expreffed, or declared for, of and concerning the fame, to the intent and purpofe neverthe-lefs that the faid corporation may and fhall apply and employ the fame in the doe execution of fo much of the charitable fcheme of the faid George Vaughan, as the fund hereby veiled in the faid corporation fhall be fufficient to maintain, fupport, and anfwer, according to their beft dif* cretion, and moil beneficially for the obje&s of the faid charity.

Other cltates III. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That^ veiled in Henry all that and thofe the towns, lands, fee farm rents, tene-Brookements, hereditaments, and leaseholds following, that is to iubjea \o iiics	l^at	an(*	lh°fe	the	towns	and	lands of Edentecrum-

herein.	mon	otherwife Edisticrum, Drimmany otherwife Drimmioy)

Drimchorick otherwife Drumhoriek otherwife Drumchirk, Drimnagalagh otherwife Drumnagallagb,* and Dcmneevc, Drimnagrecel otherwife Drimagreffill otherwife Drumgriftin, Gortnaguillan otherwife Gurtnagullen, Muntaghroe other-wile Montaghroe, Drimlkiuoey otherwife Drumlkenny,

3	GufBdp

Digitized by v^ooQle

The fifteenth and fixteentb Teats of George III. Guifidys otherwife Gufiedys, Doochrock otherwife Ducrock, Fertagh otherwife Farta, Drimgawna otherwife Drimga-riagh, Drimavehin otherwife Drumavehan, Drimbrick other* wife Drumbreck, Crimlin, otherwife Crumlin, Ochel other-wife Oghili, Weft Edencloy otherwife Weft Edentecloy otherwife Edencloybig otherwife Edentecloybig, Eaft Edendoy otherwife Eaft Edentecloy otherwife Edencloy-little otherwife Edentedoylittle ; and alfo one yearly fee form rent of five pounds twdve (hillings fterling, charged and chargeable upon all that and thofe the town and lands of Tullycabrick otherwife Tillycabrick ; and alfo one other yearly fee farm rent of two pounds fterling, charged and chargeable upon all that and thofe the town and lands of Mullochmore otherwife Mullaghmore $ and alfo one other yearly fee farm rent of one pound ten (hillings fterling, charged and chargeable upon all that and thole the town and lands of Aughagrefin otherwife Aghagriffin otherwife Agragriffin, with all and every their rights, members, fub-denominations and appurtenances, by whatfoever name or names, defeription or deferiptions the fame or any of them (s or are, or hath or have been called, known, or diftin* guifhed, and the lordlhip and royalties of the faid manor of Caftlehaftett, all which faid towns and lands are diftinguiftied upon a map or furvey thereof by the name of the eaftem divifion, and are part and' parcel of the (aid manor of Caftle-haflett, and are fituate, lying, and being in the county of Fermanagh, fubjedl however to the payment of one moiety of the crown rent payable out of the faid manor to his Ma« jefty, his heirs and fucceftors for ever; and alfo all that and thofe the towns and lands of Stackernagh, Pollands, Drum-macranne, Ballyboladder, BallynakiU, Glenkeeragh, and Kennigoe, with all and every their rights, members, fub* denominations, and appurtenances, by whatfoever name or names, defeription or deferiptions, the fame or any of them is or are, or hath or have been called, known or diftinguiftied, fituate, lying, and being in the county of Donegal, fubje& however to the payment of all fee farm and other rents iftuing and going out of or charged or chargeable thereon, and alfo the faid George Vaughan’s leafehold in-terefts in the faid towns and lands of Ma(hill and Tyroneil, fituate, lying, and being in the county of Donegall, fubje& to the rents payable for the fame, and alfo the laid George Vaughan’s leafehold intereft under the fee of Derry, and alfo the faid bond perfe&ed by the faid John Chichefter, and the judgment obtained thereon by the faid George Vaughan, and all benefit to be had thereby, and alfo all that and thofe one full and equal moiety of all fweh part of the faid yearly fum of two thoufand pounds as hath been received out of the real and leafehold eftates and intereft of

k	T	z	the

A IN*91 A.

rZ1s*'

Chap. 38>

Digitized by v^ooQle

The fifteenth and-fixtcenth Years of George III. tbk faid George Vaughan, and alfo one lull and equal moiety of aft the rents that have been received out of the real eftate of the faid George Vaughan fince the expiration of his bafts to and far the forft day of November in the year one thousand feven hundred and feventy fWe inclufivfe, and of all arrears* of rent that did remain due and unpaid on the faid firft day of November inclufive, and of aH the perfonal eftate of the faid George Vaughan that remains in die hands of the faid Guttavus Brooke, or outftanding upon fecuritics, fubjc£l however to the payment of one moiety of all fuch debts and legacies of the faid George Vaughan, as yet re* main due and unpaid* and alfo to the payment of one moiety of aU the coils and expences that have attended, or fhall or may attend the filing for and recovering the debts doe to the faid George Vaughan; and the faid arrears of rent, or any of them, or the management of the faid teftator*S' affaire, and of obtaining this a& of Parliament, until the (ante fhall pafir into a, law, be, and the fame are, from the firft day of November in the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy five, vetted in Henry Vaughan Brooke, his heirs, executors* adramiftrators* and aligns for ever freed and difobarged of amt from all and every the eftites, intails, ufes, trufta, limitations, remainders* reverfions, charges, and incumbrances whatsoever in or by the faid laft will and teftament or codicil of the faid George Vaughan limited, created* expreffed, and’ declared of and concerning the fame; but neverthelcf* as to the faid towns, lands* and premifTes laft herein before particularly defcribed wkh their and every of their appurtenances to the follbwing* ufes, that is to fay, to the life of the (aid Gtittavu8 Brooke during his natural life, and from and after his death to the ufe of the faid Henry Harte during his. natural life, and from and after his death to the ufe of the laid William Newburgh during his natural life, and from and after his death’ to the ufe of the heirs male of the body of the furvivor of them the faid Guttavus Brooke, Henry Harte, and William Newburgh; and in default of fuch iflfue to the ufe of the heirs male of the body of the faid Bafil Brooke lawfully begotten ; and in default of fuch iffoe to the ufe of the heirs male of the body of the find Guttavus Brooke lawfully begotten ; and in default of fueb HTue to the ufe of the heirs male of the body of the faid Henry Harte lawfully begotten ; and in default of fuch ifiiw to the ufe of the heirs mafajjf the body of the faid Wflham Newburgh lawfully begotten ; and in default of fuch iflbe to the ule of the right heirs of the faid Geoige Vaughan, the teftator; and as to the faid perfonal eftate, fo vetted in ttie laid Henry Vaughan Brooke as aforcfaid, in truft for tb« faid Guttavus Brooke, Henry Harte, William Newburgh, and Henry Vaughan Biooke, their executors* adrainiftr*

ton,

Digitized by L-ooQle

77* fifteenth andfixJetntfj Tear* of George IJJ,	%93

lor#, and aftigns, fubjed to fuch agreement as hath beep A. D* made between them concerning the fame.	* 775^*

IV.	Provided always That nothing in this aft contain- Chap. 38. cd, (hall extend to make void, cud'utn, alter or vary any V— agreement or agreements made or entered into by and between the (aid Guftavus Brooke, Henry Harte, Williaiti Newburgh, and Henry Vaughan Brooke, or any qf them, touching or concerning the faid premifes hereby veiled in the

laid Henry Vaughan Brooke, but that aH fuch agreements fhall remain in the fame plight and condition, as if this aft Bad not been made.

V.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That Woods fold, the (aid governors of the clmritable charter fchool, ere&ed md the money and endowed by the laft will and teftament of George Vaugh- IVI c<*

an efquire, and the faid Henry Vaughan Brooke and his

heirs, may and fhall forthwith, and with all convenient	,

fpeed, aWohitely fell and difpofe of the woods and plants-	4

tioaa now (landing and growing upon the faid lands in tive

county of Fermanagh, and divide the money arifing by tlie

fale thereof equally between them, that is to fay, one moi*.

ty thereof to the laid governors for the charitable purpofes

aforefaid, and the other moiety thereof to the faid Henry

Vaughan Brooke, his executors, admin ill rat ors, and affigos,

upon truft as aforefaid.

VI.	Prqvided always, and be it ena&ed by the autho- Mary Stmp-rity aforefaid. That nothing herein contained (hall pfleft, fon‘j» rij»ht not prejudice, vary, or change, or be con ft rued, deemed, or

taken to ailed, prejudice, vary, or change the right of title of Mary Sampfon fpiniler to the faid George Vaughan’s Jeafehold intereil under the fee of Derry, but the fame (hail be and is hereby preferred to the (aid Mary S^unpfon in the fame date, plight, and condition, as the fame would have been, in cafe this ad had never been made; any thing here* in before contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

VII.	And be it cna&ed by the authority aforefaid, That Grvcrnf)rf the faid governors of the faid charitable charter fchool* to meet on 7 creded and endowed by the laft will and teftamedt of George d.y» nonce Vaughan efquire, may and (hall meet and corporately aftem-

bie, when and fo often, and at fuch place or places as they fhall think fit, feven days notice of fuch intended meeting being previoufly given in writing to each of the faid governors, or left at his dwelling-houfe, or publifhed in the Dublin Gazette $ and that upon the death or resignation of any of the perfon or perfons herein before particularly named as a governor, then the governors of the faid charitable charter fchool, ere&ed and endowed by the laft will and tefta-ment of George Vaughan efquire, or the major part of them then^iying, three at lead consenting, fhall, within fix calendar mouths ifttcr fuch vacancy (hall happen, ekd (bmc 1	other

*94	fifteenth andfixteentb Tears of George III.

A. D. other perfon or perfons to be a governor or governors in the 1775-6. place or (lead of every fuc^i perfon, or perfons fo dying or Chap. 38. refigning, fo as that the number of governors may alwav*

L ----------- be thirteen, and no more; and as often as any vacancy (hiH

happen by the death or refignation of any perfon or perfons, hereafter to be clefted to be a governor or governors, fome other perfon or perfons fhall in like manner be elefted; and all fuch perfon and perfons from time to time fo elefted fhall to all intents and purpofes be and be deemed and taken to be a governor and governors of the faid charitable charter fchool, as if his and their name and names had been herein for that purpofe particularly inferted, due notice being given as aforefaid of fuch meeting or affembly at which fuch election or eleftions fhall be made, otherwife fuch eleftion and eleftions fhall be void.

Governor* VIII. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, incorporated. That the faid governors herein before nominated and apl pointed, and their fucceffors, fhall for ever hereafter be in frame and in faft one body politick and corporate in law for the purpofes in this aft appointed, and fhall have perpetual • fucccffion, and may and mail fue and be fued, plead and be impleaded, by the aforefaid name of incorporation in all courts and places of judicature, and fhall and may appoint and make a common feal or feals for the ufe of the faid corporation; and that the faid governors, or their fucceffors (five at lead being prefent) being corporately afTembled, (had have power, and are hereby authorized, by the votes of the greater part of fuch of the faid governors as fhall be fo affembled, to make fuch laws, rules, orders, and regulations for the good government and management of the faid charity, confident with the laws of this realm, as they fhall think neceffary and convenient, and to revoke or alter the lame at their diferetion; to which laws, rules, orders, and regulations, fo made by the laid governors or their fucceffors, all officers and fervants belonging to the faid fchool, or employed by the laid governors, who fhall from time to time ' be nominated and appointed by the votes of the greater number of fuch ©f the faid governors as fhall be fo affembled, five at lead being prefent, and all children, who from time' to time fhall be admitted and remain in the faid fchool, fhall be fubjeft unto, and obliged to obferve and obey ; and in cafe fuch officers, fervants, or children, of any of them, fhall refufe or negleft to fubmit and conform to and obey the lame, the faid governors, at any aflembly corporately convened by the votes of the greater number, five at lead being prefent, fhall have full power and authority, and are hereby authorized and impowered, to fufpend, deprive, or dif-mifs fuch officers or fervants off and from their offices, employments, or fervices, and all falaries, profits, and enrolu-*	menta

The fifteenth andfixteenth Tears of George III.	295

merits thereunto belonging, and to remove and difmifs fuch	A. D.

child and children out of the faid fchool, or for fuch offence	1775-6.

or offences, or negled, to appoint any lefTer punifhment to Chap. 38. be infli&ed on fuch officers, lervants, or children, as they in their difcretion (hall think fit.

IX.	And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That May leafe

it fhall and may be lawful to and for the governors of the 3 hvea vj* laid charity and theit fuccefTors, or the greater number of	*

them, from time to time by indenture under their common

feal to demife or leafe the faid towns, lands* tenements, hereditaments, and premifTes hereby veiled in them as afore* faid, or any part or parcel thereof, for any term not exceeding three lives, or for any number of years not exceeding thirty one years, in poffeffion, and not in reverfion, rer mainder, or expedtancy, fo as upon every fuch leafe there be referred and' made payable during the continuance thereof, half yearly to the faid governors and their fuccefTors the mod and bed improved yearly rent, that can be reafonably had or obtained for the fame, from a folvent tenant at the time of making thereof, without taking any fum or fums of money, or other thing by way of fine or income for or in refpeft of fuch leafe or leafes, and fo as none of fuch leafes be made difpunifhable of wade by any exprefs words therein, and fo as in every fuch leafes there be contained a claufe or claufe9 of did refs and re-entry for nonpayment of the rent or rents to be thereby referred, and fo as the leflee	•

or leflees, to whom fuch leafe or leafes (hall be made, feal and deliver counterparts of fuch leafe or leafes refpedtively 5 and that all leafes made of the faid lands, tenements, hereditaments, and premifes, or of any part or parcel thereof,

In any other manner than as aforefaid, fhall not be good or available in the law, but fhall be ipfo fafto nu}l and void.

X.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That A pnbHck aSL this a& fhall be deemed, taken, and allowed in all courts:

pf judice in this kingdom as a publick adt, and taken notice pf and allowed as luch by ^11 judges and others without fpecially pleading the fame.

XI.	Saving and referring to the King’s mod excellent String right Majedy, his nebs and fuccefTors, and to all other perfoq of others, and perfons, bodies politick and corporate, their rcfpe&ive

heirs, fuccefTors, executors and adminidrators (other than and except any perfon or perfons claiming or to claim by. virtue of or under the faid lad will and teftament and co- x dicil of the faid George Vaughan) all fuch right, title, edate, and intered, both at law and in equity, as they or any of them had, could, might, or ought to have had as fully to fll intents and purpofes as if this a A had never been made;

any

Digitized by v^ooQle

zq6	The fewenlccnth and eighteenth Teart of George

A. D. any thing herein before contained tp the contrary thcrepf & 1777-8. any wife notwjthlianding.

The /Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of GEORGE III.

CHAP. VHI.

4* 4& for the Improvement of His MojeRfs Rrocptr, mod fhe ippre cjfe dually preventing of Rands therein ; and for. (cyt’quiflg and amending feveraf Law heretofore made and MW 'ui force restive thereto.

Revenue Uwi inclfodua).

t

WHERpAfS thefevcral laws heretofore made for the improvement of your Majefty's revenue, and the

Srcver.tjoq of frauds therein, have on account of many clao-dline arid fraudulent pradices to elude the fame prove4

V.;.ffedw] to anfwer tbefeyeral purpo£es thereby intended: ^nd whereas great frauds are and have been pradifed by common br^ers ,n thi^> kingdom by mixing (mail beer and jfc or ftrovng beer tpgptber, ^nd by making ufe of bad and improper materials or ingredients in brewing, whereby the ^rpwery of this kingdom nath been for many years confide, rably dirainifhed, and the health of your Maiefty's fubjeda cndnngerjed: for remedy whereof be it enaded by the King's tnojl excellent Majefty by and with the advice and confcnt of the lords fpiritujd and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the twenty ninth day of September onp thoufand feven hundred and feventy eight nq common or retailing brewer of flrong beer or ale fhaU brew or fell any fmall beer; and th^t no common or retailing, brewer of fmall beer (hall brew or fell any ilrong beer or ale; ?Qd that evpry common pr retailing brewer (hall declare and (Signify in writing to the colledojr of the diftrid, and abb tq the ganger of the walk in which he carries on his trade of brewing, whether he intends from that time to the end of three calendar months next enfuing the date of fuch declaration to be a brewer of ale and ftrong beer, or to be 3 brewer of (Small b.qer; which declaration (hall be forthwith entered by fuch colledor and gauger in their books refpec-tivcly ; anft if after fuch declaration any common or retailing brewer, fp declaring bim or herfelf to be a brewer of ftrong beer or ale, (hall hrew any fmall beer, or beer or alf of a lower price than eighteen (hfllings and four pence by the barrel, containing thirty two gallons, fuch price tq be dear of all dedudions, and without any abatement or allowance made by barrel to the fcore, or othcrWife, or if any

commoq

Tk*	**4	Tqurt 0/George IJJf

fOffippa pr retailing >C)«fer, fo dedariag bifn or kerfctf* tp A. P. be a brewer of fpjall beer, (hall brew any ale or jftreag 1777-$. beer, that U to (ay, any aic or beer of an higher price than Qhspu j8, A* (hilljingf the barrel, containing thirty two gallops, he?

A** pr fbey (9 nrfpc£i*dy pfending (hall forfeit find pay ifof every fuch offence the fum of fifty pounds : and if nay owt raon or retaking brewer (hah after the fmd twenty ninth day 9f Septpipbcr one thppfaad (even hundred and feventy eight make any br$wing, before he, (he, or they (hall have made Arch decoration as aforefaid, he* (he, or "they fo offending,

(hall rcfoe£tiye)y forfeit ffic ftim of fifty pounds fpr every fiich offence.

II.	And he it further enaded by the authority afore- Declared (aid, That it (hall a$d may be lawful to and fpr the gau- brewer of ger or other c#oer of e*cifie tp charge fuch common brewer, ftroP?» who (hall declare lpin&lf or herfelf to be a breWer of ffrong Yorworu or*7 |>cer or ale, for all wqrts or guile, that fhall be found in the guUc found, podeffion of fyph cpmmon brewer, with the (Juty chargeable upon ftrpng beer pr aje.

III.	Provided always, and be it eoafted ky the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the phief c9nuni$oner8 of his Majefty's revenue of excife, or any three pr more of them, from time to time by order (igned by them* and published in the Dublin Gazette, to authorize and impower for fuch time, as to them (hall (eem expedient, all and every the brewer and brewers in any

\ particular part pr parts p£ this kingdom, except the cities of Dublin and Cork, tp brew as well finall beer as ale or Aipng beer: any thing in this ad contained to the contrary thereof in any wife rtptwitfiftanding.

IV.	And for the more effedual preventing common Noftrong brewers from making or felling llrong beer or ale of a lower

prfee than eighteen (hillings and four pence for every barrel ^fand'^d. per Containing thirty two gallons as afordaidt be it enaded by barrel 32 gai-tbc authority aforefaid. That frpm and after the twenty Ions without ninth day of September one thousand feven hundred and dlowance, ft vent y eight, if any common biewer of ftrpng beer or ale (hall fell, or if any retailer of ftrong beer or ale (hall buy, any (Irong b$er or ale for a lower price than eighteen (hillings and (our pence by the barrel* containing thirty two gallons, fuch price to be dear of all dedudiops and without any abatement or allowance made by barrel to the fcore, pr otherwife, fucb common brewer and retailer (hall refpec-fivety forfeit the fum of twenty pounds for every barm of penalty, 10I. ftrong beer or ale, which (hall be fo bought and fold. P*1* ^>arrc^

V.	.Provided always, and be it further enaded by the Evidence of

authority aforefaid, That if either the buyer or feller of	^IJf1*

fact ftroug bfier or ale for lower price than eighteen (hit	'

|iogd and four pence by the barrel as aforefaid (hall inform diichuged

againft penalties.

Digitized by t^ooQle

TffoM on trvft at under price, money not recovered.

Strong retailed at z£d. per quart, Imali at id.

The feventeenth and eighteenth Tears of George III. againft the other party, concerned in fo buying or (idling fuch ftrong beer or ale, the party fo informing flail be admitted to give evidence againft the party fo informed* again ft, and (hall in cafe of a convi&ion upon fuch information be difeharged from the penalties fo by him or her incurred.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforr-faid, That if any brewer of ftrong beer or ale (hall from and after the twenty ninth day of September one thoufand feven hundred and feventy eight, fell upon truft or credit at any time or times any beer or ale at a lower price than eighteen (hillings and four pence by the barrel of thirty two gallons, fuch price to be clear of all dedu&ions, and without any abatement or allowance made by barrel to the (core or otherwise, fuch brewer or brewers (hall not be entitled or have any remedy to recover any fum or fums on account of fuel) beer or ale fo fold as aforefaid; and all pro-mi ffory notes, bonds, or other writings, given as a fecurity for the payment of fuch debts To contra&ed, are hereby do* dared void and of none effe&.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the twenty ninth day of September one thoufand feven hundred and feventy eight no perfon fhall fell or caufe to be fold by retail any ftrong beer or ale at a lower price than at the rate of two pence halfpenny by the quart, nor any fmall beer at an higher price than at the rate of one penny by the quart, upon pain of forfeiting, for every time he or (he fhall fo offend, the fum of five pounds; to be recovered upon due proof upon oath thereof made of the offence before any juftice of the peace of the county or city, where fuch offender fhall refide; and fuch juft ice is hereby authorized and required upon conviction of fuch offender to ^rant a warrant to diftrain for the fame, one half to be paid to the poor of the patjfh where fuch fine fhall be levied, and the other l\alf to informer.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-faid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June

^ ^ _________  one	thoufand feven hundred and feventy eight, no common

Jiojh* 'and blrtn, or retailing brewer, or other retailer of beer or ale, fhall make ufe of any madder, moloftes, fugar, honey, or com-pofition or extra& of fugar, or make ufe of any broom, wormwood, gentian root, or any drug or herb, or of any ingredient whatfoever in the brewing, making, or working of any beer or ale, other than water, malt, hops, and barm; and that all beer or ale brewed or mixed with any ingredients other than water, malt, hops, and barm, fhall be forfeited ; and that every fuch common or retailing brewer, or

other

No inere-«fcmt in hcer or air, fave water, malt,

The feventeenth and eighteenth Tears of George 111.	299

'other retailer of beer or ale offending therein fhall forfeit for A. D. every fuch offence the fum of ten pounds.	1777-JI.

IX.	Provided that no penalty or forfeiture herein men- Chap. tioned fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to the infufmg

of broom, wormwood, ground-ivy, or other ingredient, ©r forfeited into beer or ale by the retailer, after the fame is brfcwed and 10I. and tunned, for the porpofe of making purl or jill, or broom 0?cfj^ ®Dr or wormwood beer; or to the ufmg any ingredient or in-|p-edients neceflary for the making of porter in making wormwood "brewing the fame.	beer, or porter.

X.	And whereas by an a& of Parliament parted in the u and t% eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of his prefent Ma- O. 3. c. 7. f.10. jefty King George the third, entitled, Jin ad for the further improvement of bis Mayfly's revenue, and the more ejfeSual preventing of frauds therein, and for continuing and amending

feveral laws heretofore made and now in force relative to his jMajefly's fold revenue, it is amongft other things enafted.

That from and after the fourteenth day of Auguft one thoufand feven hundred and feventy two every common brewer or other perfon, brewing or making any beer or ale for fale, (hall, when and as often as he, (he, or they fhall deliver or caufe to be delivered any beer or ale to any retailer, or other perfon or perfons felling beer or ale, fend and deliver therewith to fuch retailer, or other perfon felling beer -or ale as aforefaid, a certificate figned by fuch common brewer, or other perfon brewing or making any beer or ale for fale, his or their clerk or head fervant, fpecifying the real quantity thereof, and whether fuch beer and ale were above fix fhilh'ngs the barrel price, or of fix fhillings or \inder when brewed, and to whom, and when particularly delivered, which certificate, fo figned as aforefaid, fhall be accepted and taken by the perfon or perfons, to whom fuch beer or ale fhall be fent or delivered as aforefaid, and by him or them fhall be given to the gaugei of the walk, in which fuch retailer or other perfon or perfons fo felling beer or ale as aforefaid fhall refide, on the next vifit fuch gauger fhall make: and whereas certain common brewers fend other perfons, brewing or making beer or ale for fale, in order to evade the intention of the laid a& do on the delivery of their beer and ale deliver to the retailer, or other perfon felling the fame, a diftin& and feparate certificate for every cafic fo delivered, whereby fuch retailer, or other perfon felling, brewing, or making the faid beer and ale, is enabled to deliver to the gauger of the walk certificates for fo many cafks only of the beer or ale fo delivered to him* as fhall remain unfold in his pofTeffion, at the time fuch gauger fhall vifit fuch retailer, or other perfon felling fuch, beer and ale; which pra&ice renders it difficult to take an tccount pf the quantity delivered by the common brewer,

or

Digitized by L,ooQle

Second certificate for fuc-ceeding parcel delivered lime d»y to retailer.

Tht feveutcenth otuj qgkuntb Ywt of Georg* Ilf. or other perfon brewing or making beer or ale for foie, to fuch retailers or other perfon felling beer or ale, and tend? to defeat the intention of tbe foidUd: for remedy whereof be it ena&ed by the authority aforefoid, that from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thoufond ieveu hundred and feventy eight every common brewer or other perfon hoc wing or making beer or ale for foie (hall, when and fo often as he, (he, or they fhall deliver, or caufe to be delivered, any beer or ale to any retailer or other perfon felling beer or ale, fend and deliver therewith to foch mailer, or Other perfon felling beer or ale as aforefoid, one certificate only, figned by fach common brewer or other perfon brew-fog or making beer or ale for fale, his, her, or their clerk or head fervani f in which certificate (hall he fpecifted the whole' quantity of beer or ale Co delivered, difUnguifking therein whether foch beer or ale was above fix (hillings the barrel price, or of fix (hillings or under, at what time brewed, and when and to whom feat.

XL And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforc-fotd. That if fippm and after the twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and feventy eight any fuch common brewer, or other perfon brewing or making any beer or ale for fale, (hall deliver to fuch retailer or other perfon felling beer or ale more than one quantity or pared of beer or ale in one and the fame day, every foch common brewer or other perfon brewing or making beer or ale for fale (hall upon the delivery of each fucceeding quantity or parcel deliver therewith to fuch retailer, or other perfoq Selling beer or ale, one other certificate figned by fuch common brewer or other prrfon brewing or making any beer or ale for fale, his, her, or their clerk, or head fervant, fo which (hall be exprefied the quantity then delivered, ^uidalfo the quantity theretofore delivered in the fame <foy, to fuch retailer or other perfon felling beer or ale, fpecifying the quantities and parcels in which the fame was delivered, and whether fuch beer or ale fo delivered in the fome day was above fix (hillings per barrel price, or of fix (hillings or under, at what time brewed, and when and to whom feat; and on delivery of every fecond or other certificate every fuch common brewer, or other perfon brewing or making any beer or ale for fale, (hall receive from foch retailer, or other perfon foiling beer or ale, the former certificate or certificates delivered to him on the fame day, in cafe thf fome (haU not have been delivered to the gauger of the walks purfoant to the dirc&ions herein after contained ; and the laft certificate delivered fo any one day, and no other, (hall be brought fo account againft the dock of foch brewer or other perfon foiling beer or ale as aforefoid.

Digitized by LiOOQle

TTte JcvatetniB and agbtpentb Tear* of Gcdrge HI.	goi

' XII. And be it father enafted by the authority afore-* A. D. faid, That from and afar the find twenty fourth day of 1777.8. Jtme one thoufend feven hundred' and feventy eight every Chap. 8*. certificate* fo figned as aforefeid, (hall be accepted and taken by the perfon or pftfons, to whom fuck beer or ale (hall be Certificate font or delivered as aferefaidy and (hall be by him or them accepted. and delivered to the gauger of the walk m which fuch retailer next or other perfon or perfons fo Ming beer or .ale as aforefeid vifit, ai herein, (hall refide, on the neat vifit fuch gauger (hah make; feve* only fuch certificate as (hall have been prevkwfly given up* to fuch common brewer, or other perfon brewing or mak- . ing beer or ale for fale, on his or her delivery of a further certificate as herein before direfted; and fuch gauger is hereby required to enter in his book, called the dock bookr the quantity, quality, and time of delivery of fuch beer or ale expreffed in fuch certificate, together with the names of fuch brewer and retailer as aforefeid, and to fign his name on the back of every foch certificate, and file the feme in. the excife office of the diftrift, to which he belongs; andi	/

in cafe any common brewer or other perfon brewing or making any beer or ale for (hie as aforefeid (hall not de~

\iver, err caufe to be delivered, to fuch retailer or other perfon or perfons felling beer or ale as aforefeid, on the delivery* of any beer or ale as aforefaid* foch certificate or certificate* as herein before mentioned and direfted; fuch common -brewer or other perfon brewing Or making beer or ale for fale as aforefeid, (hall forfeit for every fuch offence the funv of forty (hillings; and in cafe any gauger or other officer of excife (hall find in the poffeflion of any retailer, or other perfon felling beer or ale any beer or ale, for which fuch retailer or other perfon fo felling the fame (hall not on demand produce fuch certificate or certificates as aforefeid, every fuch retailer or other perfon felling beer or ale (hall in every fuch cafe be chargeable wit!) the duty payable to his Majefty on beer and ale for the quantity of beer or ale fo found, and for which fuch certificate or certificates fa demanded (hall not be produced, and (hall alfo forfeit the: fum of forty (hillings for every barrel thereof found in his or her poffeflion, for which fuch certificate or certificates fo demanded (haH not be produced as aforefeid, unlefe fuch certificate or certificates (hall have been previoufiy given up purfuant to the direftions of this aft.

XIII. And be it further enafted by the authority afore- Prrmitfent

feid, That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of. June with ccrtifi-

one thoufand feven hundred and feventy eight every common Fatc» whfn

,	.	.___ .	1-.	7	1	r	into another

brewer, or other perlon brewing or making beer or ale for diftri%5l or

fale, (hall, when and as often as he, (he, or they (haH fell 40s. per bar-

any beer or ale to be carried into the diftrift of any excife K1011 brewer.

office, other than where the feme was brewed, fend a per-

mit,

Digitized by v^ooQle

502

A. D*

1777-8*

Chap. 8*

Daty

charged for quantity delivered above decreafc ap-> pear big in krewer’t dock, barrel.

fWjjfng certificate* to cover ftock, or afliduig therein, or metering as, tiue, fined tot above «$ol in impnfoned

Rot above 6 months.

New wort or guile after E .ugingdeemed i:j create. and charged.

The feventeenth and eighteenth Tears of George! It. mit, together with fuch certificate as aforefaid, figned By the gauger of the walk in which fuch beer or ale was brewed ; and if any common brewer, or other perfon brewing or making beer or ale for iale (hall negleft fo to do, he, (he, or they (hall forfeit for every barrel of beer or ale, fo found in any other diftrift without fuch permit, the fum of forty (hillings; and the perfon, in whofe pofleflion the fame (hall be found without fuch permit, (hall pay the excife thereof, and (hall forfeit forty (hillings for every barrel of beer or ale fo found*

XIV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and feventy eight io all cafes, where it (hall appear by the certificate or certificates figned by any common or retailing brewer or other perfon brewing or making beer or ale for fale, his or her clerk or head fervant, that he, (he, or they (hall have delivered out more beer or ale, than a decreafe (hall Appear for in the Hook of fuch brewer, be, (he, or they (hall by the gauger or gaugers, or other officer of excife, be charged with and pay all the duties, to which fuch quantity fo delivered out more than the decreafe (hall appear for in the (lock of fuch brewer is by law liable, as if fuch encrcafed quantity had been originally gauged; and over and above the faid duties (hall forfeit the fum of forty (hillings for every barrel of beer or ale, which (hall be found to be fo delivered out, and for which there (hall not be fuch a decreafe in his, her, Or their (lock as aforefaid.

XV* And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons (hall at any time from and after the (kid twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and feventy eight falfely make, forge, or counterfeit, or cfiufe or procure to be falfely made, forged, or counterfeited, or willingly aft or aflift in the falfe making, forging, or counterfeiting any fuch certificate for the delivery of beer or ale as aforefaid, with intention frauds lently to covet their (lock of beer or ale, or (hall utter and publifh as true any falfely made or counterfeited certificate for the pnrpofo aforefaid with intention to defraud as afore* laid, knowing the fame to be falfely made, forged, or counterfeited, fuch perfon or perlons, being thereof lawfully convifted according to the due courfe of law, (hall be fined or imprifoned at the difcrction of the judge, before whom fuch perfon (hall be tried, provided that fuch fine (hall not exceed the fum of fifty pounds, and that fuch imprifonment (hall not exceed the term of fix months.

XV . And whereas common and retailing brewers frequently, when they have a brewing of wort or guile depends ing, run fuch wort or guile in the night between the evening

and

'The feventeenth and eigUeenth Tears of George itf.	joj

’And morning vifit of the ganger or other officer, and replace A, D. "the fame with the wort or guile of a diitinft brewing pri- 1777-8. vat cl y made, and impofe fuch wort or guile lb privately Chap. 8. made on the gauger or officer as and for the wort or guile of the brewing, which had been gauged and taken an account of the evening before : for remedy whereof be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and feventy eight, whenever any new Wort or guile (hall be found or dif-covered in the poffeffion of any biewer, of which fuch l>rewer, or his or her fervant, fhall not have made a previous declaration, fuch new wort or guile, after the fame fhall be gauged, (hall be deemed as an incrcafe made to the former brewing of wort or guile fo gauged by the gauger or officer at his laft vilit, and (hall be charged accordingly; and every common or retailing brewer fo offending (hall, for every barrel fo encreafed over and above the quantity , Penalty <*» Contained in the faid former brewing, forfeit the fura of ^rhOTcL Sec, five pounds; and the fervant or fervants of fuch brewer who was or were any way knowingly concerned or affifting in making fuch new brewing o> mcreafe of wort or guile, fhall forfeit for every barrel, fo newly brewed or in-creafed, the fum of twenty (hillings, and for default of payment thereof (hall fuffer three months imprifonment.

XVII.	And whereas common and retailing brewers for the purpofe of bringing into their ftock beer and ale clan* deftinely brewed do frequently on the turning out beer and ale replace the fame with empty calks or calks of water or taplalh, and by mixing fuch calks with their ftock, and by placing on the upper part of fuch calks froth or barm do impofe upon the officers of the revenue, and (hew and declare the fame to them as beer or ale and part of their ftock, thereby obtaining credit for more beer or ale in ftock than • they are entitled to 2 for remedy whereof be it further en-a&ed by the authority aforefaid, that from and after the find twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hun- Onfhcwiog tired and feventy eight, every common or retailing brewei* ftock all calk* of beer or ale, or his or her fervant, who (hall (hew his or wanted, »nd . her ftock to the officer, (hall count all the cafes of beer, ^nomination ale, guile, or worts, and declare the number of each deno- declared, refuf-urination to the officer fo taking an account of the fame ; ing 20L See. and in cafe fuch common or retailing brewer, his or her fer-irant, (hall refufe fo to do, he, (he, or they (hall forfeit for every fuch offence the fum of twenty pounds ; and if after tile faid declaration as aforefaid there (hall be found any empty calk, or any calk containing any other liquor or thing, lave only what they were declared to contain, or any calks more than one of each denomination, but in part

full.

Brewing or diftiDing veflcl* feized for three arrear of ttcifc, fcc.

Information for fuch arrear filed in 14 day* after, ScC.

The pventeenth and eighteenth Tears of George III. full, or a greater number of caiks in the whole than have been declared) fuch common or retailing brewer Anil forfeit for every calk, fo found contrary to fuch declaration, the fum of forty (hillings; and when fuch declaration (hall be made) the account of the dock of beer, ale, guile, or worts of any brewer fo declared, (hall be deemed sod taken to be the dock of foch brewer at the time of taking the fame.

XVIII.	And whereas common and retailing brewers and

diftiller8 and makers of aquavit*, {pints, and ftrong waters frequently run confidently in arrear for the duties of excite, due and payable by them to the crown, and before any fen* trace or judgment can be obtained agadnd fuch brewers Sr didillers, they fecrete or carry away their brewing and d& tilling utenfils, by means whereof great h>fs is fattained, and injury done to his Majefty’s revenue : for remedy whereof be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefcid, that from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thouteud fo ven hundred and feventy eight, if any brewer or di(tiller, or maker of aquavite, (pints, or drong waters (had fuder aa arrear of excife to remain due to the crown for the fpace of three weeks, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the col* le&or of excife of the diitri&, where foch brewer or didHkr lives or refides, to empower any perfon or perfons by writing under his hand and feal to feize,detain, and fecurcall and every the brewing veffels and utenfils for brewings and all and every the dills, worms, dill heads, and all other vefftlf and utenfils for didilling ufed In every brewhoufe or (Hitifliug houfe of or belonging to fuch brewer or diftiller fo running in arrear ; and if fuch brewer or didiller (hall neg^ed ta pay dud arrear of excife for the fpace of ten days aftej trial and condemnation for fuch arrear incurredr then it dull and may be lawful to and for fuch collc&or, or fuch peifou or perfons as he (hall authorize and impovrer in the manner herein before dire&ed, to fell all fuch veflUs and* utenfils by public cant; and if afterpayment of the faid arrear of cife, and the cods and expenccs attending the recovciy thereof, there (hall be any furplus or overplus of the produce irif-ing from the fale of the faid veffels and utenfils, fuch fur-plus or overplus (hall be forthwith tendered and paid to the brewer or didiller, whole veffels and utenfils (hall be feized and fold as afbrefaid. *	_

XIX.	Provided always, that where any fuch diftrefs (hall be taken as aforefaid, the colle&or fo caufing the fame to b^ taken (hall within fourteen days after the taking thereof caufe an information to be filed for fuch an arrear of excife, fo alledged to be due, and (hall caufe the fame to be proceeded on in fuch manner, as that feuteace may be pronounced thereon within thirty one days after the taking of fuch

dittrefs;

Digitized by L^ooQie

T7)t feventeenth and'eighteenth Years of George III. diflrefs ? and if fuch information fhall not be filed or fen* tence pronounced within the refpe&ivc times aforefaid, then and in either of thefe cafes, and riot otherwife, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the perfons, whofe goods fhall be fo di ft rained, to retake the fame by virtue of any replevin or replevins in fuch manner, as replevin may be made of any goods diflrained for rent by any common person.

XX.	And whereas crinfiderable injury hath arifen to the

fair diftrller as weH as to his Majefty’s revenue from the frauds	not

and failure of infufficient and difhoneft perfons entering into bon/with the diftilling bufinefs: for remedy whereof be it ena&ed by furctiw for du-the authority aforefaid, that from and after the twenty ties, as herein, fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy eight, no perfon or perfons (hall be entitled to obtain from the commiffioners of excife any licence or licences for liberty tq carry on the difiiiimg bufinefs, until fuch perfon or • perfons (hail enter into a bond to his Majefty with two or more Efficient furcties, to be approved of by the commiffir oners of excife, or any three of them, or by the colle&ors of excife iq their refpc&ive diftri&s, in the penal fum of twenty porinds fterling for every hundred gallons which the Hill or Hills of fuch perfon or perfons, fo applying for fuch licence or licences, ftiall contain, conditioned for the due payment of all fuch duties as fuch perfon or perfon^ fhall or may he liable to, during the time fuch perfon or perfons fhall continue to carry on the bufinefs of a diitiller un^

4er fuch licence on account of fuch diHillery.

XXI.	And whereas it is of detriment to the brewing Not to brew trade, and his MajeHy’s revenue, the diHillers fhould be fmali beer or

Permitted to brew fmali beer or ale for fale : be it enacted alc fctc, 3ec.

y the authority aforefaid, that from arid after the twenty ninth day of September, oue thoufand feven hundred and feventy eight, no dilliller fhall be permitted to brew fmali beer or ale for fale ; and that it fhall and may be lawful for the gauger or gaugers or the officer of excife, appointed to hauge, take account of, or charge with duty, the Hock of diHillers, to gauge, take account of, and charge all malt liquors of any flrength or denomination in the pofleflion of any diftiller as pot-ale or waih for the purpofe of diHilling } and that the faid dilliller fhall be fubjeft and liable to luch penalties, lofs, and forfeitures, as he is liable to by the laws heretofore made for lhort declaration of or concealing wafh or pot-ale from the gauge, fight, or view of the officer appointed to take account of the fame.

XXII.	And whereas by an acl made and pafTed in the . 6 G. x c. fixth year of his prefent MajeHy’s reign, entitled. An ad for continuing and amending feveral laws relating to his Mar Vol. VI.	U	Jeffs



where permit! taken out* no time by laid lim ted for •otice to officer arrival of food*,

The feventeenth and eighteenth Tears of George III. jejiy's revenur, and for the more effeSual preventing of frauds therein, and for other purpofes therein mentioned\ it is amongft Other things enabled, that from and after the twenty fourth day of June, ore thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, in all cafes, where by law permits or let-palfcs for excjfeable gopds from one part of this kingdom to another are required, and fuch permits or let-paffes (hall be iffued or taken out, the owner or other perfon or perfons, to whom fucH excifeable goods or commodities (hall be fo fold, configne^ to, or fent, fliall immediately after the arrival of fuch (roods and commodities at the port or place, to which they (hall have been fent or direfted, give notice in writing to thefur-veyor of excifc, or in his abfence to the gauger or gauges of fuch port or place, of the arrival of fuch goods or commodities, who are refpeftively required and direfted without delay to repair to the place, wliere fuch goods or commodities fhall then be, and fhall then and there carefully examine the faid goods and commodities with the contents of the faid permit, and further do and perform as in and by the faid aft is required and direfted: indWhereas there is not by the faid aft any precife time limitted for giving notice to the officer of excife of the arrival of fuch goods and commodities: and whereas the aforefaid provifions in ^he faid aft contained have not been conflrued to extend to home-made fpirits : therefore be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, that from and af-, ter the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy eight, in cafes where by law permits or let pafles for carrying home-made fpirits and other exdfea-able goods from one part of this kingdom to another are required, and fuch permit or let pafs mall be iflued or taken Out, in fuch cafe the owner or other perfon or perfons, to whom fuch home-made fpirits or other excifeable goods or commodities fhall be fold, configned, or fent, fhall within twenty four hours, or in cafe a Sunday, Chriflmas Day, or Good Friday fhall intervene, then in forty eight hours, after the arrival of fuch goods and commodities at the place to which they fhall have been fent or direfted, the city of Dublin, and all places within two miles of the caftle of Dublin only excepted, or after the expiration of the time limited in fuch permit or let pafs, repair to the coNcftor, furveyor, or pther officer of excife, at fuch place with fuch permit or examined a? let pafs, and lodge the fame with him ; and fuch collec-fV* ^ * C tor> funreyor, or other officer of excife fhall thereupon carefuUy examine fuch goods and commodities in fiich manner, as is direfted by the faid in part recited aft ; and upon performance of the requifites in the faid aft contained fhall forthwith give to the perfon, fo bringing fuch permit or let

where permit! taken for Jiemt'-made

fpirits, dec lodged with the officer.

Digitized

ized by (jjOO^Ic

The froenteenth and eighteenth Years of George III. pafs, a certificate figncd by fuch officer, that the faid permit or let pafe was lodged with him ; which certificate ihdl 'contain in the body thereof a Copy of the laid permit or let pafs, without erafure or interlineation, and the day of granting fuch certificate, which certificate fhall protect * the faid goods and commodities as effectually, as the faid permit or let pafs would have dotie, had not the fame been lodged with fuch officer as aforefaid in the manner herein directed.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority afore-

faid, That when any fuch home-made fpirits, goods, or 2mi.K*$ of .the commodities, (hall be conveyed upon permit to the city (>f	5c, lodged

tn i »•	i	r	r i	nr	f	m permit oincc,

Dublin, or to any place within two .miles or the caltk or 3^..........

Dublin, 11iV permit or permits, under which the fame have * been fo configntd, (hall be lodged in the proper, permit of- -	•	.

fide in the city of Dublin within twenty four hours, or in . cafe a Sunday, Chriftmas day, or Good Friday (halt intervene, then in forty eight hours after the arrival of fuch goods and commodities, or after the expiration of the time limited in fuch permit ; and thereupon a certificate fhall be •given from the find* office to the perfon fo bringing the faid permit, importing that the faid permit was lodged in the faid office, which certificate fhall contain in the body*there* of a copy of the faid permit and the day of granting fuch certificate ; which certificate fhall protect the (aid goods and commodities as effectually, as the faid permit would feavc done, had not the fame been lodged in the faid office ; and permits may be renewed upon the faid certificate from time to time, in the* fame manner as they might have been Renewed upon the faid permit, if this act had never been made.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted by the authority afore- jp no

faid, That if any aquavits, ft rung waters, or fpirits made or cate, the good*, diflilled in this' kingdom, or any other excifeablc goods or P^*'hage, &c. commodities whatfoever, fhall from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one' thoufand feven hundred and Feven-ty eight, be found in the poffcffion of any perfoii or perfons for the fpace of twenty four hours or forty eight hours re • fpe&ively as aforefaid after the arrival of fuch goods land commodities, and after the expiration of the time limited In the permit or let pafs by which the faid aquavit*, ftr'ong waters, and fpirir?*, or other ex die able goods and commodities were car; i^d *md conveyed to the place, to which they (hall have been fent or direded, unlefs fuch perfon or perfons fhall have obtained and fhall produce .fuch cer/iiicatc, as is herein before directed in the feveral cafes afoiefuid, the fame (hall be forfeited ; and It fhall and may be lawful to and * for any officer of his Maj city’s revenue to fcize fuch aqua-vita, ftrong waters, or oilier cxC ill able goods and commodi-U 2	tic*.

.ly Dublin or



	

* ci :izo«f^O0^ I

The feventeenth and eighteenth Tern of George IIL lies, together with the packages, calks, and yeflejs ia whid^ the fame (hall be contained.

XXV.	And whereas great frauds are frequently conunit-ted by the perfons, who obtain permits or let pafies for conveying aquavit* or flror\g water by inland carriage; and whereas the provifions, heretofore made to prevent the con-' yeyance of ipirits, fraudulently made and drilled, from one part of this kingdom to another, haye proved meffcftual z eP-W ^0r be it enadled by the authority aforefaid, That from andafopr gallons oflke twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufon^ feven hun-squavitx, Ac. dred and feventy eight, every perlon applying for jny per-accouoi m wnt- mjt for the conveying of any quantity of aquavit*^ fpirita» iuwnber^&e 0r ^ron£ watcrs> *n containing more than fou$ gafibo* e.ven to’oWer. from any Part or P^ace *n kingdom to any ofher part or place thereof by inland carriage, lhall give an account in writing to the officer, who is to grant fuch permit, of the number of calks in which fuch aquavit*, fpirits, or flrong. waters are to be contained, together with the quantity of aquavit*, fpirits, or flrong waters to be contained in each, calk ; and fuch officer fhall upon granting fuch permits give therewith a ticket for each calk contained in fuck permit, damped with fuch flamp or mark as the chief commifionert pf ejcciGe, or any three of them, (hall dire& and appoint; and the ticket, lo to be given to each perlon lb applying, (hall be numbered in arithmetical progreffion, beginning with number one, and fhall contain the number and date of the permit, the perfon’s name to* whom granted, the name of the perfon to whom and the place, to which the calk, porrefponding with the number of the faid ticket is consigned, the number of gallons of fpirits contained in fuch, calks, and the time faid permit is to remain in force, with

!he initial letters of the officer’s name, who lhall grant the aid permit, fubferibed thereto; and that the perfon recenr; fng luch ticket or tickets before the removal of fuch aqmar vit*> fpirits, or flrong waters, for which fuch permit was granted, lhall affix or fallen one of the faid tickets with pafle or other glutinous fubflance on the head of each ca(ks which ticket (hall coj-refpond with the number and contents of the calk, to which it fhall be fo affixed as aforciaid3 and faid ticket lhall be kept affixed thereunto, until fuch calk lhall be delivered at the place, to which it (hall be con* figncd, upon pain of forfeiting fuch calk and the fpirits therein contained.

1 XXVI. And whereas fpirits much above proof havQ been imported into this kingdom, having fugar, fngar can* dy, fyrup, or other glutinous fubllances mixed therewith in order to prevent the officers of your Majefly’s revenue fraa afeertaining the real ftrength of fuch fpirits: for remedy x	whereof.

•pint* imported mixed with ftiijfar, &C, or feited.

Tl& fevitriemth dnzf eight tenth Tears'of George lit.

^wrcof, be it further ena&ed by the authority afbrefaid, ^hst from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufancf frve* hundred and feventy eight, if any fpirits (hall be imported into this kingdom* with which fugafy fugar candy, fyrup, or other glutinous fubftance (hall be mixed, fuch fpi-nts u> mixed as afbrefaid (hall be forfeited together with the cades or veffek, in which the fame (hall be contained * and it (had and may be lawful to and for anjr ©fficet of vOOr Majefty'fr rerenue to feize the fame.

% XXVII. And whereas great Quantities of different kinds of wines hare been lately imported into this kingdom in final!	Cfforf?ited

tafks or vefiefe, with an intent that the fame might be more a^j’thc rzUxt. eafty and prhratcly carried off and conveyed away without paying the duties payable thereun : for jpreventiotl whereof 5 be it further ena&ed by the authority afbrefaid, That from and after the* twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand ft-ven> hundred and feventy eight, no wines (hall be imported or brought into this kingdom, or into inj port, harbour, h** ven, or ereeh thereof in any calk or Veflel, which (ball not contain thirty one gallons at lead, from any place whatfo-evmr, upon pain of forfeiting the faid wines and the value thereof, together with the cafk or veflel In which faid wines (hall be coivtamed.

Wihe Sn calk*

XXV1IL And be it further ena&ed by the authority Forfeited ft fetforefaid. That from and after the (aid twenty fourth day of found on June, one thousand feven hundred and feventy eight, all ^oar<J,,n Pv>rt* wines m cafes or veffels under the free of thirty one gallons •*£“**M lhall be feized and forfeited, together with the calk or vetTel bulk not in which fuch* wines dial! be contained, if found on board unlefs in diftteik

any (hip, veflel, or boat in any port or harbour of this king-dom, or hovering within three leagues of the fhore of this kingdom, or which (hall be difoovertd fo to have been, although bulk (hall not appear to have been broke, or any of the foid wines m calks under the file of thirty one gallons, tun or intended to have been, run out of fuch (hip, veflel, or bodt, feve where fuch (hip or veflel (hall not have been bound for any port in this kingdom, but (hall have been obliged- to put into fuch port or harbour, or (hall have been forced to Come within three leagues of the (bore of this kingdom as afbrefaid, by unavoidable neceflity and diftrefs, of which d'eceffity and diftrefs the matter, purfer, or perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip or veflel, (hall immediately after the arrival of fuch (hip or vef-felinto any bay, harbour, river, or creek, of or belonging to this kingdom, give notice and make proof before the Colle&or or other officer refident at the neared port, where fuch- (hip or veflel (hall arrive.

XXIX. Provided that this a& or any thing therein Fxctpt wines contained (hall not be conftrued to extend to wines of

the



Digitized by Googl 1 : -	——	’ • "

313

A. Drf

1777-3. ^Cliap. 3.

and Madeira in 28 gallons.

*li-3 c-7-f. 19.

condition of fecr ?:r.izatjce Oii writ of ap-pra lemcnt by

I c;. y. c. 7.. • f- *9-	.

The fevenleenth and eighteenth Tears of George I1L the growth of Champaigne, or Burgundy, of -to Italian -wines, or to Mufchat wine, imported as. ufual in final-ler vefTels, or to Madeira wine,. provided the fame (hall be imported in vcfiels not under the fize of twenty eight gallons.

XXX. And whereas by an aft made and parted in a parliament holden in this kingdom in the fecond year of his • Majefty’s reign, entitled, An a3 for continuing and amend-ing an ad, entitled, An ad for better regulating the colledion , of hie Majeflys revenue, and for preventing frauds therein, andfor repealing an ad made the lajl fejfton of parliament 9 entitled, An ad for continuing and amending fcveral lavas , heretofore made relating to his Mayfly's revenue, and for the ~	*	brevtnting	of	frauds	in his Majefly's cujloms and

excifc) and the feveral ads and Jlatutes which are mentioned in the feud ad and continued thereby, among other things it is enafted, That from and after the firft day of May, one thou-fapdfeven hundred and fixty two, it (hail and may be lawful to and for the owner, or owners of any goods and'merchandizes feized for being run, or intended to be run, and * to and for the matter or commander of any (hip or vert’d feized for the breach of any of the laws of excife, to apply, as by law may now be done in cafes to be heard and deter- : mined in the court of exchequer, for a writ of appraifement to value and appraife fuch goods and merchandizes, and fuch fh*p or vcfTcl fo feized,on which fuch proceedings (hall and may be had, as have been ufual in cafes, where by Jaw writs of appraifemeut have iflued ;-arid. on return of the appiaiiuncui or value of fuch goods and commodities, and of fuch fhips and vefTels, the party or parties.applying for fuch writ of appraifement* together with two fufficient fujrc-ties (hall enter into a recognizance to his Majefly in double the value of fuch appraifement before the chancellor, or one of the barons of the court of exchequer, of before fuch other perfon orperfons as they or any of them (hall appoint by commifliot^ to be iflued out of the faid court of exchequer, conditioned to pay fuch appraifed value, and ail other penalties and forfeitures attending fuch feizure, in cafe ttie. fame (hall be condemned; and thereupon the faid chancellor, or any of the faid barons of the faid court of exchequer, lhall. award a writ of delivery in the ufual manner for inch goods andi merchandise*;, and the (hip or veffel fu feized ps afore faid : and whereas the recognizance, preferib-cd by the find, in part recited aft, doth not extend to fecure the payment of the duties due and payable upon fuch goods and merchandizes, in cafe the fame (hall.be acquitted: for reundy whereof, b< it enafted by the authority afore-/aid, That from and after tire tweuty fourth day of June,

one

The froenteeuth and eighteenth Tear* of George III.	311

one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, the condition A. D. of* the recognizance ty be entered into to his Majefty by the 1777*8-party or parties applying for.fuch writ or writs, (hall extend Chap. fl. to iecure the payment of tho duties due and payable to his Majefty upon fach goods and merchandizes, in cafe the lame (hall upon trial of any information or informations be acquitted.

XXXL And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, No ^ That from and after the firlt day of September, one thou- export of 6fh fand feven hundred and feventy eight, during* the continu- euxed here, ance of this aft, no duty whatfoever (hall be paid for any fifh, which (hall be cured in this kingdom, upon exportation thereof.

XXXII.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid* >j0 drawback That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one on export uffhb thoufand feven hundred and feventy nine, during the.#ml,urttI<k continuance of this aft, no ^drawback of any duties fnall be allowed upon the exportation of fifh imported into this kingdom.

XXXIV. And whereas the vending of fpiritous liquors No retailer of in fmall quantities is found to be prejudicial to the health fpirits, unlcfe and to the morals of the people : for remedy whereof, be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, Tiiat no retailer of fpiri- pjnt at om. tons liquors, unlef3 the faid retailer be licenfed to fell ale time, under the or wine by retail, as well as fpirits within the county of the penalty of jl. city of Dublin, and all places within the circular road, after the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy nine, do fell to any perfon or perfons at any one time any quantity of fpiritous liquor lefs than one pint, under the penalty of five pounds for every time he (hall offend therein 5 the faid penalty to be recovered upon conviftion in a fummary way before any magiftrate of the city of Dublin, or before any juflice of the peace of the county of Dublin, or in cafe of non-payment, by diilrefs and fale of the goods of the offender ; the one moiety of the faid penalty to be to the ufe of the informer, and the other	#

moiety to theufeof the houfeof induflry.

- XXXV* And be it enafted by the authority aforekid, v No ^ That no brewer of ale or beer (hall during the continu- a<q as magif-ance of this aft, have power to aft in or exeepte as a trate undei dm juftiee of the peace or magiftrate any of the powers,	ls

dairies, of things contained in this prefent aft, except the n m* pvefideat of the court of confcience for the city of Dublin; and that ail fuch things, fo afted in or executed by any fuch brewer, are and (hall be utterly null and void.

•XXXVII. And be it further enafted by the authority afore* hid, That an aft made in the thirty third year of the reign

of

Digitized by L,ooq le

i C. 3. c. 7.

3 C. 3. c. ai.

The fcventeenlh and eighteenth Tear,1 of GtOtgt Ul« of his late Majdly King George the fecond, entitled, Am

ad far better regulating the colledwt of hie Mayfly's revenue, ami for preventing of fraud* therein, and for repealing an ad made the lafi fejfions of Parliament, entitled. An 48 for amtmnmg and amending fever al laws heretofore made relating to hit Mayfly's revenue, ami for the more ffittual preventing of frond* in his Majfly's cujloms and excife, and the Jeveral ad* and fiatutes winch are mentioned in the Jaid ad, and continued thereby, apd alfo one other ad made in the firft and focoud yean of his Majdiy’s reign, entitled, An ad for continuing and amending an ad, entitled, An ad for better regulating the cob ledum of his Majfly's revenue, and.for preventing of frond* therein ; and for repealing an ad made the lafi fffion of Paths ament, entitled, An ad for continuing and, amending feverd laws heretofore mafk, relating to hi* Mayefif* revenue, mi for tlx more ejfcdual preventing of fraud* m hit Mayfly'* cujloms and excife, and the fevered ads andjhatute* which art mentioned in the fatd ad, and continued thereby, and atfb 00c other ad made m the third and fourth years of his Majefty’s reign, entitled. An ad for continuing and amending two five-ral ads of Parliament therein mentioned, and for the man effectual preventing of frauds in hi* Mayfly's cufionu aud exiefe, and jor other pur jiffs therein mentioned, and alib one other ad 5 G. 3. c. 13. made in the fifth and lixth years of his Majefly’a reign, entitled, An act for continuing and amending fevered law* relating to his Mayfly's revenue, and, j or the more ejfcdtud preventing of frauds therein, and for other purpofes therein mentioned, and alfo one other ad made in the ft vent h and eighth years of liis Majdiy’s reign, entitled, rln ad for the further sou-provement of his Mayfly's revenue, and Jor,; continuing and amending Jeveral ads therein particularly mentioned, and alio one other ad made iu the eleventh and twelfth years of his Majdiy’s reign, entitled, An ad for the further improvement of Ids Mayfly's revenue, and the more cffeduid prevemfmg of fraud* therein, and for coniiuuiitg and amenOmg Jeveral lows heretofore made and now. in force, relative to bis Mayfly'* fold revenue, and alfo one other, ad made in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his Majefty’a reign, entitled, Au ad for continuing and amending Jeveral laws how in force relating to his Mayfly's revenue, and jer the more fjetmaily preventing . 6 G frauds therein ; and alfo one other ad made In the fifteenth * an *	*	and	fifteenth years of his Majefiy’s reign, entitled, An ad

for the improvement of his Mayfly's revenue, and th *. more f* Jc dually preventing of frauds therein, and for cord, nptag and amending Jeveral laws heretofore made, and now in force, continued, •relative to his Mayfly's- fetid n venue; and all and. eve-favc a altered, Xy the claufes therein refpedively contained (except t ov June	I3*111* thereof as are altered, n pealed, or amended

>yz, *	'	•	br

7 <3. J. C. 27.

I» and 12 G

3- 4 7.

15 and 14 C.

3. c. 8*

3.c. 15.

Digitized by

Tbi fimmktnA mi agkmA Years of George lit

by this prefent aft or by any of the {aid recited afts,) {hail continue and be in force for the fpace of two years from the twenty fourth day of -June, one thou-hum! fevea hundred and feventy rijght, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of Parliament, and no longer.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority a-forefaid, That all and every the fines, penalties, and forfeitures infii&ed by this aft, or by the (hid feveral afts of Parliament herein before laft particularly mentioned or recite^ or by any of them (other than and except fiich as* by this aft, or by any of the (aid recited afts of Parliament herein be* fore laft mentioned, are otherwise provided for) (hall and may be fixed for, recovered, levied, and applied, in fiich manner and form,. and by fucb ways and means, and with fuck powers and authorities, as are preferibed, drafted, and appointed, in and by an aft of Parliament made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of King Charles the fecond, entitled, An q8 foe fett&ftg tb$ etuift or new ia* pofi' upon bit Majefty> bis heirs and foccsJToes, according to the book of rates therein mferted, as fully and effeftually to all in* tents, conftmftions, and purpofes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned and exprefled, and re-enaftod in the body of this prefent aft, with the like remedy of appeal to and for the party or parties who (hall think him, her, or themr felvcs aggrieved or injured, as in and by the faid aft of ex-cife is provided.

XXXIX.	Provided always, and be it further enafted by the authority afbrefaid. That this aft, and the feveral pro-vifiqns hereby made, (haft continue and be in force for the fpace of two years from the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufaod feven hundred and feventy eight, ar\d from thence to the end of the then next feffion of Parliament, and no longer.

and a years by 19 and 20 G. 3. c. is. f. 91.

Penalties, five other wife provided by 14 and 15 C. 2.

Continuance * years from 24th June 1778, dec.

Amended 19 ao G. 3. c. is. f. 3a.

25 G. 3. c. 34.

f ®2-a* G. 3. c.

34. f. 19

31 G. 3. c. 16.

CHAP.

Digitized by Google

The froewteentb and eighteenth Tears of George IlL CHAP. IX.

An A3 to atdhorixe for a limited Time the Puni/bment bj hard Labour of Offenders, who for certain Crimes are or JbaU be* come liable to be tranfportcd to any of His MejefjColonies and Plantations.

HE RE AS the tranfportation of convids to hii

Afale coovids

VV Majefty^s colonies and plantations in America, non under over- in ufe within this kingdom by virtue of the feveral (latutet fcer* appointed, authorizing fuch tranfportation, is found to be attended with Ac. as herein, various inconveniencies, particularly by depriving this kingdom of many fubjeds, whofe labour might be ufeful to the community, and who by proper care and corredion might be reclaimed from their evil courfep: and whereas until fome other more efledual provisoes in the place of tranfportation to his Majefty’s colonies and plantations in America can be framed, fuch convids (being males) might be employed with benefit to the publick in the raifiog land, foil, and gravel from and cleanfing the river Anna LiSey in the harbour of Dub? lin, or any other ficTvice for the benefit of the navigation of the faid river and harbour eallward of EfTex bridge, or in any other fervice herein after direded, or being females might be kept to labour of a lets fevere kind within this kingdom: be it therefore enaded by ,the king’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice andconfent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, that from and after the palling of this ad, when any male per* fons (hall at any feffion of oyer and terminer or gaol delivery, or at any quarter or other general fefiions of the peace, for any county, city, town, or place within this kingdom, be lawfully convided of grand or petit larceny, or any other crime, for which he fhall be liable by law to a fentence of tranfportation to any of his Majefty*s colonics or plantations in America, it fhall and may be lawful for the court, before whom any fuch per Con fhall be fo convided, or any court held for the fame place, with like authority, if fuch court fhall think fit, in the place of fuch punifhment by tranfportation to order and adjudge, that fuch perfon fhall be pnnifhed by being kept to hard labour in the railing (and, foil, and gravel from cleaufing the river Anna Liffcy in the haibonr of Dublin, or any other fervice for the benefit of the navigation cf the faid river and harbour eaftward of Eilex-bridge, under the management ard dinedion of an overfeer or overfeers, to be appointed by the juftices of the peace for the county

*The feventeenth and eighteenth Tears of George III.	315.

of the city of Dublin at :their Quarter or other general fef-	A. D.

Cons of the peace for the fame term of years, as the	1777-8.

tranfportation for the faid offence might by law have Chap. 9. been adjudged, or for foch (horter term as fuch court fhall think fit to order and adjudge, provided that the fame	;

fhall in no • cafe be lefs than three years, or more than ten years. '

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore- Conviit of faid. That where any male perfon fhall at any fefiion of oyer Jnd thc ro^al and terminer, or gaol delivery, or at any quarter or other niercy notified, general feflion of the peace for any county, city, town, of &c.

place within this kingdom be lawfully convi&ed of any robbery or other felony, for which he fhall by law be liable to fuffer death without benefit of clergy, and his Majefty fhall be gracioufly pleafed to extend the royal mercy to any fuch offender upon convi&ion of being kept to hard labour for the	‘

term of ten years, or any other fhorter time to be fpecified, in the cuftody of fuch overfeer or overfeersas aforefaid, and fuch intention of mercy fhall be notified in Writing by the fecretary of the lord lieutenant, lord deputy, lords juflices, or other chief governors of this kingdom for the time being, to the judge or juftice of oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery, in any county, city, or place, before whom any fuch offender fhaH be convi&ed or condemned, it fhall and may be lawful for every fuch judge or juftice of oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery, to make an order for allowing forthwith to every fuch offender the benefit of a conditional pardon in the fame manner, ns if there was a conditional pardon under the great feal, and may and fhall adjudge, that every fuch offender fhall be kept to hard labour in the cuftody of fuch overfeer or overfeers as aforefaid for the time fpecified in the notification from fuch fecretary.	Certificate

III.	And be it further cnafled by the authority aforefaid, by the clfcrk of That tfhen any offender fhall be ordered to be kept to hard 10 thc , labour in manner aforefaid, or as herein after is dire&ed, the heC^ai°dehver* clerk of theaflize; clerk of the peace, or other clerk of the up offender, court, by which fuch order fhall be made, fhall give to the

fneriff or gaoler having the cuftody of fuch offender a certificate in writing under his hand containing an account of the chriftian name, furr.ame, and age of fuch offender, of his offence, of the court before whom he Avas convi&cd, and of the term for which he fhall be fo ordered to hard labour ; ard the' fheriff or gaoler having the cuftody of fuch offender fhall with all convenient fpeed after the making of any fuch order, and receiving of fuch certificate, convey fuch offender or caufe him to be conveyed to fuch place within this kingdom, and alfo deliver fuch offender, or caufe him to be delivered, together with the faid certificate, to fuch overfeer or overfeers as aforefaid ; and the overfeer or overfeers, to whom any fuch offender fhall be fo delivered, lhall give a proper

receipt

Digitized by

Google

1 ~

Expences of

Tbt{ev£ote*J>	^(nmrg*	lit*

reeetpl in writing under hi* qr their hand or heads, which /hall be a (uffideot; difduugc to the (hcriff or gaoler (o dtO* verinff fuch offender.

lY. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-laid. That all cxpeocea, incurred bf any (heriff or gaoler is

pupifhment as gaoler, &C.

^^b^ounty conveyance of ao£ fuch offender as afora&id, (hall he ttcafurer. 7 paid by the county, city, town, or place, for which the court, ordering fuch pum/kment by hard labour inffcad of tranfportation tp America, (hall bi held* and the fteriff or gaoler (hall receive the money due for focb expeaccg from the treafurer for fuch county* city, t»\bo, or place* by order of the jofticea of the peace at their quarterly or other general foffion, who are hereby required to. make fuch order accordingly.

, OT"f(pcr*to V. And be it further ena&edhy the authority aforefeidi and liable for"**	aftet delivery of any fuch offender as afprefaid into

abufe to fame the cuftody, to which he (hall be adjudged* the overieer at overfeers, who (ball have the cuilody of fuch offender* (hall during the term, for which hr (haH be ordered to hard labour, have the tame power* over fuch offender, aa are incident to the office of a (heriff or gaoler; and w cafe of any abufe of the cuftody, or other uu/hehaviour in difchaxge of hi* office, (ball he liable to the lame punhhmcnt as a gaoler j and alfo (halt during fuch term aa aforefoid, keep fuch offender to hard labour either in raring fand* foil* and gravel from and cleanfing the river Anna Liffey in the harbour of Dublin, or in any other laborious fervice for the benefit of the navigation of the foid river and harbour to the eafkward of Effex-bridge*but at fuch places only, and fobjefl to fuck directions, limitations* and reftri&ions, as the ballad office committee of the- city of Dublin, for the time being fhaH from time to time prttfcribc*

Itot olored	Provided	neverthekfe*	That	fuch	offenders* when

in balfaS	°^crc<lt0 hard labour in the river Anna Liifey, or in the

(hip*, b*t in	harbour of the city of Dublin* (hall in no cafe be employed

raifiog of fand, in delivering tonnage of hallail to mailers and coaunandm of (hips, but only in digging, railing*, and taking up the

Svel, fand, and foil from, the fhtlvea and food banks of the I river and harbour, and ii* difeharging the fame upon the (hore above the high water mark, or in fume other laborious fervice for the benefit of the navigation of the faid riv*F or

See.

harbour.

Allowed only* VII. And be it further cna&ed by the authority afore* bread and coarie faid, that every offender, who (hall be ordered to hard la-^^10r/00^» bour in the cuftody of iuch overfeer or ovcifoers as afore* cf* C* foid, (hall during the time of fuch fervice be fed and fu£ tained with bread and any wbolefome coarlk on inferior food and water or fmall beer,, and alfo fufficiently clothed ; and foch offender (baU not* during the term, of fuch fervice* be permitted to have any other food, <bjukr or clothing,

thaa

Refuting fa-

Tke Jrcmkmth mi Aghkauh Tun George III. tka fuck as fhall ke fb allotted to them ; and if any per-foo fhall fop ply a*y foch ©fiendbr, at srny time during the time of hi* f«ud Service, with my drink, food, or dothing,

*X\tcr tbao fochao ihaU be fo dareded or pmrifeted, he or fhc £» ikf plying {kali for every foch offence forfeit any fin* not exceeding forty dulling*.

YJH. And he k further ena&ed by the authority nfow* ____________o

Mi that if any offender, who ihaH be fb delivered as afom hour, &c °vrhip-Ikid to be kept to hard labour, fhak during the term of P*? °f pvmfted A*ch fcrvke	to perform anybbomr authariaedby ^c^0#e#

this aft, or who fhail he guilty of any other rnkbriiaviout or disorderly cooduft, it'dial} and may be lawful for the overfeer or overfeers, having the cuftody of any fdch offender, to order fuch moderate whipping or other pu-fofhmtnt to be invaded on hem, as may be indided by law e>n perfons commked to ^ h^afe of corrcdioa for hard labour.

IX. And be it further ena&ed by the authority *for*- Rcftomd so * laid, That every offender, who fhall be delivered tpbe kept libtrtf 0*01 re, to hand labour in manner aforefaid, fhall at the end of the CC1VC aot ^dcr term of fuch fervicc, and upon being reftored to hie liberty, J^d%lochT receive front the overfecr or overfeers, under whom te fhall ing, &c. as have So ferted, fuch fua of money, aot being lefe than forty herein. IhtUmgs, nor more than free pounds, together with fuch docent dotting, as the court, into which fuch ret mm (kail be made as herein after mentioned^ fhall appoint * aud if any inch offender, whrilft confined to bard labour in manner aforefaid, /ball by hit induflry and other good behaviour Ihew filch fig ns of reformation, as fbaH induce the faid court to recommend him as an objed of hit Majefty’s mercy, and k (hall be thereupon fignified by a letter from fuch feercta* ry ar aforefaid to the overfecr or overfeers as aforefaid, that his Majefty thinks fit in eoa&deratiou of fach good behave pur to fhorten the duration of fuch offenderV term, fuch offender fhall be accordingly fet at liberty at the time men* tioned in fuch letter, and fhall receive a fum of money front bis overfecr or overfeers, and clothing in the fame manner, as if he had ferved the whole of the term, for which he was adjudged to ferve.

*' X. And whereas in many cafes it might be found incon- Females, yenient to fend convidb, specially females and males who weak or aged ftre weak and aged, to work as aforefaid in clearing in the males, confined fajd river Anna Liffey in the harbour of Dublin : be it there- ^hardlabour» fore further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, that where &C* any perfon fhall at any feffion of oyer and termifier, or gaol delivery, or at any quarter or other general feffion of the peace for any county, city, town or place within this king* dom, be lawfully convidicd of grand or petit larceny, or any other crime for which he or fhe fhall be liable by law |o tranfportatioa to any of his Maiefty’s colonies in Arne-’	nca,

Digitized by

Google

l'i8

A. D. .1777-8. Chap. 9.

Felons on fecretary*!i notification to the judfre, allowed conditional pardon m if under great Heal, &c.

On clerk’* certificate delivered to houfe ot corredion, erpenccs paid.

TThe feventeentb and eighteenth Yean of George III. rica, it (hall be lawful for the court, in which any fuch offender (hall be fo convi&ed, or any court held for th^famc place, aod with like authority, if fuch court (hall thiak fit, in the place of fuch punifhment by tranfportation to order and adjudge, that fuch peribn (hall be fent to fome proper place of confinement within the faid county, city*, town; or place, to be appointed for that purpofe in manner herein after mentioned, there to be kept to jiaid labour for fuck term or number of yean as fuch court fhall appoint, not exceeding the term ornumber of years • for which the- tranfpom-tion for the fa id offence might have been adjudged, provided that the fame (hall in no cafe be lefs than three years; or more than ten years.

XI.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore--faid, That where any perfon (hall.at any feffion of oyer

and terminer, or gaol delivery,, or at any quarter or other . general feffion of the peace for any county, city, town, or place within this kingdom, be lawfully convi&eA of any robbery or other felony, for which he or (he (halt by law be liable tofuffer death without benefit of clergy, and his Ma-jefty (hall be gracioufly pleafed to extend the royal mercy to any fuch offender upon condition of being kept to hard labour at the place of confinement to be appointed for that purpofe in manner herein after mentioned, and fuch intention of. mercy (hall be notified in writing by the fecretary of the lord lieutenant, lord deputy, lords juftices, or any other chief governors of this kingdom for the time being, to tb* judge or juftice of . oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery in any county, city, or place, before whom fuch offender (hall be fo convi&ed or condemned, it fhall and may be lawful for every fuch judge or juflice of oyer and terminer, or general gaol delivery, to make an order for allowing forthwith to every fuch offender the benefit of a conditional pardon in the fame manner, as if there was a conditional pardon under the great feal, and may and fhall adjudge that every fuch offender (hall be kept to hard labour for the time fpecined in the notification from fuch fecretary of Hate.

XII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-laid. That when any offender (hall he ordered to be kept to hai*d labdur in manner aforefaid, the clerk of the affize, clerk of the peace, or other clerk of-the court; by which fuch order (hall be made, (hall give to the (heriff or gaoler, having the cuftody of fuch offender, a certificate in writing under his hand containing an account of thechriftian name, (imamc, and age of fuch of* ender, of his or her offence, of the court before whom he or (he was convided, and of the term for which he or Ihe fhall be ordered to hard labour; and the (heriff or gaoler fhall with all convenient fpeed after the making of any fuch order, and receiving of fuch certificate, convey fuch offen-

' - 'digitized by

Google

. S -



Proper places

The fluent tenth and eighteenth Tears of George III.

<5er, or caufe him or her to be conveyed, to the proper houfe of corredion, and deliver fuch offender, or caufe him or her* to be delivered, together with the feid certificate into the ouftody of the mafter or keeper of fuch houfe of raTedi-on : an.d the perfon and perfons, to whom fuch offender fhall bo fo delivered, (hall give a proper receipt in writing tinder his or their hand or hands, which ihall be a fufficsent difeharge to the fheriff, gaoler, or other perfbn fo delivering any fuch offender; and all eapences, incurred by any fheriff or gaoler in conveying fuch offender to the houfe of corredion in manner aforefaid, (hall* be paid by the county, city, town, or place, for which the Court ordering fuch punifhment by hard labour (hall be held, in the feme manner as is herein before direded in refped to offenders ordered to hard labour in the river Anna Liffey and the bar* bour of Dublin.

XIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the joffices of the peace for every county, city, for offenders town, and place, within this kingdom fhall at the firftquar- PrePar^“ fef-ter or other general feffion of the peace, which fhall be held 0as, ** next after the paffing(of this a A,, take into cordideration

the date of their refpedive houfes of corredion, in order that proper places within the feme or elfewbere within each	•

refpedive county, city, town, and place, may be prepared for the reception of fuch offenders, as (hall be ordered to hard labour therein by force of this ad, and for the pur-pofes aforefaid, and for keeping fuch offenders to hard la* bour, and for their employment, regulation, and government, fhall .give, fuch diredsons, and mak^e fuch orders, as fuch juftices fhall think moft fit and proper, as they are authorized to give or make by the laws now in force in refped to the houfes of corredion, or by any of them ; and the keeper of the place of confinement,. fo appointed and prepare^*-fhall in cafe of the abnfe of the cuftody or other mif-behaviour in difeharge of his office be liable to the feme punifhment as a gaoler.

XIV.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore- Refcutngor faid. That if any perfon fhall refeue any offender, who by sffifting in force of this act fhall be ordered to hard labour or to the

fioufc of. corredion as aforefaid, either in his conveyance to mad^ordercd the place appointed for fuch hard labour or houfe of cor- to fame portion re&ion, or whilfl fuch offender under this ad fhall be in the of conc&ioa. cuftody of the peifbn or perfons appointed for that purpofe, or if any perfon fhall be aiding or a (Jilting in fuch refeue, or if any perfon, not having the adual cuftody of any fuch offender, ihall be aiding and affifting in any efcape, or fhall by fop ply mg arms or inftruments of difguife or efpape, or other-wife in any manner be aiding andamffing iq the attempt to jnakc any fuch efcape, though no fuch efcape (hall be made, prery fuch perfon on being convi&cdof fuch offence by indid-

ment

Digitized by LjOOQle

10	Thi	frotnkMh	*nd	eighteenth	Te*h if George III.

A. D* mfcnt before any court of oyer and termffoer, «h4 £eiieral g*cl 1777*8. dehytry, held in awi for the phfee wbefeefuch offeooifc (ball be Chap. $. committed, (hall be by foch court adjudged and ordered to the

fame portion of bird labour or earfredpo* m the fierftfti M* coed or efcaped, or attempted to bfe aided in any efdpe* had to fcrve or fnffer at the time fi*dl rdeue* efcape, or sN tempt of an efcape.

Firft efcape, XV. And be k ftitther ended by thb authority afbrfc *en?i°f fe"‘ce. fiud. That if aay perfon, Who (haft be «*red to Sard W. fdonr death!*1 hour under this ad either in the river Anna Iiffqr, or ii

a- i____j_______i	Tt-Ai!______r___r *j______j. i__

the harbour and bay of Dublin as aforefirid, or at kny plaee of confinement appointed by virtfie of this ad, (hall at any time, during the tertn fb* whtdh he dr (he (hail be fo ordered to hard labour* break prifon Or efcape from the place of his or her confinement, or from the perfoti o t per fans hiving the Jawful cuftody of fuch offender, he or (he fo breaking prifon or efcaping flidll ofi convidion for the firft efcdpc be punifhed by doubling the tertn of the fervke add baid labour, in which be or ftte wafe at the time of fofch efcape, and on convidion for a foebnd efcape be acfitidgdd guilty of fidorty without benefit of clergy, and foffet death m» coYdin

Tried where XV And	fhat fuch convidfon or convie*

taken, or in-	tions may be had with aa little trouble and expence as pofi*

didfcment for	bk, he it further Cnaded by the authority afore&d. That

efcape, dec. every offender 6r offenders efcaping in manner aforefifid tnrf and (hall be trkd before the jufticeis of 4Stze, oyer and ffer-

navner, or gaol ddirery for the county, city, or plafce* when* he, fhe, or they, (hall be apprehended mid taken ; and that the clerk of the affize and clerk of the peace, where fuch Orders of confinement or hard labour (hall refpednrdy be made, and their fucccffors for the time being, (hill at the re* queft of the profecutor, or any other in his Majefty’s be* half, certify a tranfeript briefly and in a few words, containing the efffed of every indidment and convidion of fuch man or woman, and of the order made for his or her confinement, or being feat to hard labour refpe&ivtly, to the juftice8 of aflize, oyer and terminer, and gaol de& eery, where fuch man or woman (hall be indided for any foch efcape from his or her place of confinement, or of hard labour refpc&ively, not taking for the fame above the fum of two (hillings and fix pence ; which certificate, being pro* duccd ii> court, (hall be a fufficient proof, that fuch perfbn or perfoqs have before been convided and ordered to fuch place of confinement or hard labour refpedively.

Clerk, See.	XVII. Provided always, and be it further cnaded by th£

paid a» on	authority aforefcicl* That fuch clerk of the court, and the

mimportation.	or	gaoicr>	be	paid	by	the	treafurer	of the county,

city,

' Digitized by i^ooQle

-^

The fcaertUenth and eighteenth Tears ef George III* dty, town, or place, the like fatisfaftion, u hath been At I)* ufkaalljr paid for the order of tranfportatioa of any often* dei".	Chap,

XVIJI. Provided always, and be it further enafted by, the authority aforefaid, that the offender or offenders, Such often-which (hall be fent to and (hall by virtue of this aft be di-reded to be confined in fuch places to be appointed as afore- inferiae g4rgrrfA faith (hall be kept Separate from,, and (hall not be permitted of ftlffeVed to intermix with any perfon or perfons confined for any offence under the degree of petit larceny, or other crime not making the perfon or perfons having committed tkc fame by the laws of this rtalm fubjeft to a fen tenet of trao fportation.

XIX.	And be it further enafted by thfe authority afore- Ramrasmad*

(aid, That the overfeers of the fcveral places of confinement, by overfeers, to be appointed by virtue of this aft, (hall from tine to OQ the *** tacOe make returns, fpecifying the names of all and every the	*

perfon or perfons who (hall be committed to their cuftody,

the offences of which they (hall have been guilty, the Court before Which each perfon was convifted, the fentenee of the court, the age, bodily date and behaviour of every fuch convift while in cuftody, and alfo the names of all and every . the perfon or perfons who (hall have died under fuch cuftody, or (hall have efcaped from fuch place of confinement, or (hall have been releafed from thence by order from fuch fe-	»

cretary as aforefaid; fuch returns from the overfeers of the convifts to be employed in laborious fervice for the benefit of the navigation of the (aid river, bay, and harbour, to be made the firft day of every term to his Majefty*s court of king’s bench at Dublin, and from tke overfeers of the other places of confinement, to be appointed by virtue of this aft, to the juftices of affize at each affize, and to the jufticcs of peace at each quarto* or other general ftdfiona of the peace for the county, city, or place, within which fuch place of confine* tacot (hall be fitaate; and that every fuch return (hall be verified on the oath of the perfoq making the fame, fuch oath to be made before the court into which the return (hall be delivered,

XX.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore- Penalties, faid. That any pecuniary penalties, created by this aft, for not otherwife the recovery of which no mode is herein before prescribed,

(hall be recoverable before two or more juftices of the peace in the county, city, town, or place, in which the offence offence com-(hail be committed, or before two or more juftices of the mitmd, *c< .peace in the county where fuch offenders (hall be refident, on proof of the offeocedur the oath or oaths of one or more Credible witoefs ot wiinefles, or on confeffion of the offender | and the penalty fo recovered (hall belong to the in-

Voir. VI.	X	former

\

Digitized by LjOoq le

A. Tf.

077-8. Chajk 9i

Prcfentment 5l. each con-vid, to defray ctpcnces.

Sums expedient pi< fen fed h\ grand jury.

77ifeventeentb and eighteenth Tears of George III.' former or informers profecuting for the fame 5 and in cafe of non-payjnent (hall be levied by diftrefs and file of the offender’s goods and chatties, by warrant under the hands and feals of fuch juft ices, and the overplus of the money railed, after deduding the penalty, and the expence* of the diftrefs 'and fale, (hallbe rendered to the owner; and for want of fufficient .diftrefs, the offender (hall be fent by fuch juftice to the prifon of fuch county, city, town, or place, for fuch term, not exceeding fix months, as fuch juftices (hall think moil proper.

XXI.	And towards defraying the expences to be necef-farily incurred by this ad be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, that the grand juries of the different counties, and counties of cities and towns in this kingdom, except the county of the city of Dublin, be authorized at the affizes to be held for their refpedive counties, and at the Eafter and Michaelmas terms held in the King's bench in and for the county of Dublin, feverally to prefent (as in other inftances they are by the laws now in force empowered) on their refpedive counties, the fum of five pounds for each convid fent from fuch county, for effedually pu-nifhing by hard labour as aforefaid fuch offenders as are described in this ad, and for their fupport, maintenance, doath-ing, and payment, and for finding proper materials, inftru* ments, lighters, gabbards, and other conveniencies for them to work with, and in and for the due and proper payment of the feveral^overfeers herein before mentioned, and alfo for fuch further ium for the payment of the nrceffary and leafonable expences to be incurred by fheriffsand gaolers in the conveyance of offenders to the faid overfeers as aforefaid, not exceeding fix pence for each mile fuch offender (hall be conveyed.

XXII.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore-

faid, That the grand jury at the general quarter feflionsof the peace, to be held for the county of the city of Dublin, be authorized to prefent (as in other inftances they are by the laws now in force impowered) on the county of the faid city of Dublin fuch realonable fums of money, as together • with faid five pounds for every conrid as aforefaid they (ball think expedient and nectfiary for effedually punifhing by hard labour as aforefaid fuch convids, as are deferibed in this ad, and for their fupport, maintenance* cloathing, and payment, ar.d for finding proper materials, inftruments, lighters, gabbards, and other conveniences for them to work with, and in and for the due andr proper payment of the levcral overfeers hereinbefore meniibned, and in general A* the carrying the purpoics and intentions of this ad into . execution.	*

XXIII. And'

1

The feventeentb and eighteenth Tears of George III.	32*3

XXIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore* A. D. faid, That the grand juries of the different counties and coun- 1777-8. ties of cities and towns in this kingdom be authorized at the Ghap. 9. aftizes and general gaol delivery, to be held for their refpeftive counties, and at the general quarter feflions of the peace to Reasonable be held for the county of the city of Dublin, and at the

Eafter and Michaelmas term held in the king's bench in and QOf for the county of Dublin, feverally to prefent (as in other inftances they are by the laws now in force impowered) on their refpeftive counties fuch reafonable fums of money, as they (hall think expedient and necefiary, for providing, maintaining and regulating the houfes of coireftion, already or which (hall hereafter be eftablifhed in their refpeftive counties, and to which fuch convicts {hall hereafter be committed to hard labour.

XXIV.	And be it further ertafted by the authority afore* Defendants

faid. That if any fuit or aft ion [hall be prolecuted againft may pkad "e-any perfon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance ofDcrui	&c-

this aft, duch perfon or perfons may plead the general iffue,	trtWe

and give this aft or the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial

to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done by the authority of this aft ; and if a verdift {hall paf* for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhallbe-	»

come nonfuit, or difeontinue his, her, or their aftlons after ifTue joined, or if on demurrer or otherwife judgment fhall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants fhall recover treble coils, and have the like remedy for the fame, as any defendants have by law in other cafes ; 4nd though a verdift fhall be given to any plaintiff in any fuch aftion or fuit as aforefaid, fuch plaintiff fhall not have cofts againft the defendant, unlefs the judge, before whom the trial fhall be, fhall certify his approbation of the verdift.

XXV.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore- A&ion where faid. That all aftions, fuits, and profecutions, to be com- commiuc * menced againft the perfon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this aft, fhall be laid and tried in the county

or place, where the faft was committed, and fhall be commenced within fix months after the faft committed, and not otherwife.

XXVI.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore- Continued 2

faid, that this aft fhall continue to be in force for two years, years, Sec. and to the end of the then feffion, or if the faid term of and^to^ June two years fhall not determine during any feffion of parlia- ;'2q „ *c ^ ment, then to the end of the then next enfuing felfion of par- f. 1.	*

liament.

X 2

CHAP.

7'itfeventtatib and eighteenth Tears «/" Georg* HI.

CHAP. X.

SH A. D.

1777-8.

Chap. 10.

/or making and keeping in repair a circular road round the dig of Dublin,

Amended "TTTHEREAS an ad of parliament palTed in this *5	5* «• 5o. y y kingdom in the third year of the reign of his pre-

3 G. 3. c. 3$. font Majefty, entitled, An ad for making more convenient the approaches to the city of Dublin by making a new turnpike road on the fouth Jide, the weftfide, and the north Jide of feed city, to commence at the road leading from Dublin to Domnybrook, and to terminate at CavendUhftreet; and alfo another aft of parliament pafled in the fifteenth and fifteenth years of the and 1$ & 16 reign of his prefent Majefty, entitled, An ad made to ex-G. 3.C $8. plain and amend an ad made in the third and fourth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, entitled, an ad for making more convenient the approaches to the city of Dublin by mating a new turnpike road on the fouth fide, and weftJide, and the north Jide offaid cityf to commemce at the road leading from Dublin to Donnybrookf and to 4ermisiate in Cavcndtftyftrect, have not proved effedual for anfwering the purpofes intended by bid ads: to avoid therefore the confirfion that may arife from a multiplicity of ads of parliament relative to the fame fub-jed it is thought expedient to repeal the faid ads, and to make the proyifions herein after contained: therefore be it enaded by the king’s moil excellent Majefty by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, that from and after the palling of this ad an ad pafled in the third year of his prefent Maiefty’s reign, entitled. An ad for making more convenient tie approaches to the city of Dublin by making a new turnpike road on the fouth jide, the weft Jide, and the north Jide of tht Jaid city, to commence at the road leading from Dublin to Danqytrook, and to terminate at Cavendtfhftreet, and alfo another aft

Sfled in the fifteenth and fifteenth years of his prefent ajefty’s reign, entitled, An ad to explain and amend an ad made in the third and fourth years of the reign tf his prefent Majefty, entitled, an ad for making more convenient the op-proaches to the city of Dublin by making a neiv turnpike road on the fouth Jide, the weftfide, and north fide of the faid city, to commence at the road leading from Dublin to Donnybrook, and to terminate at Cavriidijhftreet, and every datlfe in them faid adsrt- and each of them contained, (except fuch claufes therein peaWd,	as relate to!he purchafing and making agreements for lands*

fare as to tenements, houfes, and building grounds, and to the powers agreeing”^ therein and thereby given to the feveral perfons, bodies pounds, &c. and litkk, corporate, and collegiatt, to enter into contrads and 3	agreements

I*—- -Digitized t

Googt'

The feventeenth and eighteenth Tears o/* George III.	J2J

agreements with the truflees named in and appointed pur-	A. D.

fuant to luch a&s, and each of them, and to make lales	1777-8.

and conveyances of lands, tenements, houfes, buildings, Chap. to. grounds, and hereditaments, as in faid a&s are fet forth, *— and the powers given to truftees to iflue precepts to (heriffs powers to canto fummon juries for the purpofes in faid a6ts mentioned, and every matter relative to the confirming the ads of fbch <nd,convCys juries, and the powers given to the faid truftees to name etc. and appoint treafurers, fuperintendants, and colledors, and which relate to the power of fuch treafurer, fuperintendants, and colledors, in manner as in (aid ads are mentioned, (hall be repealed and made null and void.

IL And for the making and keeping in repair a circular Truftees road round the city of Dublin, and a road from faid circular appointed for road to the feffions houfe of Kilmainham, fixty feet wide in the circular the dear at leaft, be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the palling of this ad the feffion houfe, members of both houfes of parliament for the time being, 60 feet wide, the ford mayor, recorder, and aldermen of the city of Dub-	°f

Hn for the time being, the redort and vicars of the feveral r*Tmator Ac. parities in the city of Dublin, the juftices of the peace for * 1 the county of Dublin and the city of Dublin, having an eftate of freehold in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of the dear yearly value of two hundred pounds at the lead within either of the faid counties, all for the time being, and the truftees named in the faid ad of the third year of trufteci the reign of his prefent Majefty, or deded fince paffing the 3 o. 3. c. 36. lame, fhall be and are hereby nominated, con (touted, and or ele&ed ttnee. appointed truftees for making and keeping in repair the laid Toads and foot paths, and alfo a road from faid circular road to the fclfion houfe of Kilmainham fixty feet wide at the kaft, and for putting in execution the feveral powers and authorities mentioned and contained in this ad.

III.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore- 7 ^ fold, That the faid truftees, and fuch other perfon and perfona make and keep as (hall hereafter be appointed truftees, in purfuance of this in repair, the adi or any feven or more of them, (hall have full power ro*d delineated, and authority, and they are hereby authorized and impow-cred, to make and keep in repair, during the term hereafter mentioned, a circular road round the city of Dublin fixty feet wide in the clear at leaft, beginning at the river Anna Jjiffey near the Marine nurfery, and from thence to the new bridge lately built on the fouth of Kilmainham, and from thence acrofs the faid river Anna LifFey at or near I (land-bridge, and to be continued on the outfide of his Ma-jefty’s park the Phoenix to the northward of Pruffia-ftreet, and the fields of Henry Meredyth efquire near the road from Dublin to Finglafs, and from thence to the northward of Eccfot-ftrcet, tad from thence to the river Anna

Liffey

Digitized by v^rOOQle

No part made as by faid a'fts, and .for whicrt a comfciifatien by agreement Or verdi<ft, altered.

Power to r move building*, dec.

To mortgage Aparatc * north and fouth toll.

as different works and fuhdt.

Any 7 may erdft turnpfice s ana toll houfes.

' The feventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III.

Liffey eaflward of the delph manufactory lately kept by Thomas Aihbumc, and alfo the faid road to the feffions houfe of Kilmainham.

IV.	Provided, that no part of the circular road, which has been already made purfuant to the faid former ads or either of them, and for which annual rents by way of com-pfcnfation have been already ascertained or paid, either by agreement of the parties or by verdki of a jury, purfuant to the faid former a£ts or either of them, (hall be ahered or changed, but fhall remain and be part of the faid road.

V.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore-

faid, That the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, fhall have full and ample power and authority, and that they be hereby fully authorised and impowered, to pull down and remove all houfes, walls, and other buildings, and to lay into the faid road fuch parts of the lands and grounds, through which the faid roads or foot paths fhall pais, as they or any feven or more of them fhall think neceffary, fifft making reafonablc fatisfeftion to every perfon, who fhall or may fuftain any damage thereby, in fuch manner as is hereafter mentioned.	'

VI.	Provided always, that it fhall and may be lawful for the faid truftees to make diflinCl and feparate mortgages of the tolls of the fouthern and northern line, and alfo to cany on the fame as different works, and by and out of diflind and feparate funds, if they fhall think proper.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-faid. That the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, or fuch perfon or pqrfons as they, or any feven ormorex>f them, (hall authorize and appoint, (1)all and may ered and caufc to be ereded one or more gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes, in, upon, oracrofs any part or parts of the laid' roads, and alfo a toll houfe or toll houfes, and there fhall demand, receive, and take the tolls and duties following, before any horfe, mare, or gelding, cattle, coach, berlin, chariot, calafti, chair, waggon, wain, cart, carr, dray, or other carriage, fhall be permitted to pafs on the faid road; that is to fay, for every coach, berlin, chariot, calafb,

• chaife, or chair, drawn by fix horfes or beads of burthen, or more, the fum of one (billing and fix pence; for every coach, berlin, chariot, calafii, chaife, or chair, drawn by a lefs number than fix, and more than two, the fum of one (hilling ; for every coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chaife, or chair, drawn by two horfes, fix pence; for every carriage, commonly called a chaife or chair, with one horfe, marc, or gelding, the fum of three pence ; for every carriage, called a brewer’s dray with wheels narrower than nine inches, the fum of five (hillings and five pence; for every waggon, .wain, cart* or carriage, . with four wheels, the

breadth

The froenleentb and eighteenth Tears nf ''George III.	3	tj

breadth whereof not being lefs than fix inches at the fo?£, A. D. and the ftreaks thereof fet on with flat or rofe headed nails, 1777-8. and the fore axletree of fuch carriage being fo mucli fhorter -Chap* i<V than the hind axletree that fuch carriage fhall roll at leaft ten inches of the road in breadth on each fide of fuch earn- . age, and the wheels thereof placed at fuch a diftance from each other that the fpace between the middle of one track, made by the wheels on the road, and the middle of the other track, fhall be from four feet ten inches to five feet, drawn . by three or more hprfes, five pence; for every wag god, wain, or cart with two wheels, the breadth thereof being not lefs than fix inches at the lea lb, and the ftreaks thereof fet on with flat or rofe headed nails, drawn by one or two .	,

horfes, three pence; for every waggon, wain, or cart with four wheels, narrower tharir fix inches, ten (hillings; for every waggon, wain, or cait, with two wheels, narrower than fix inches, having one or more horfes, five (hillings ; for every carr having but one horfc, mare, gelding, or mule, the breadth of the wheels thereof being three inches at the foie, and the ftreaks thereof fet on with flat or lofe headed nails, two pence; for every carr, having but one horfe, mare, gelding, or tnule, the breadth of the wheels thereof being four inches at the foie, and the ftreaks thereof fet	*

on with flat or rofe headed nails, one penny half-penny; for every carr, having but one horft, mare, gelding, or mule, with the wheels narrower than three inches, one (hilling; for every‘horfe, mare, gelding, mule, or afs, laden or unladen, not drawing, one penny ; for every drove of oxen or neat cattle the fuin of one fhilling and eight pence by the fcore, and fo in proportion for any greater or leflVr number; for every drove of calves, hogs, fhctp, or lambs, the fum of ten pence by the fcorc, and fo in proportion for ♦any greater or letter number; which laid refpedive fum and fums of money fhall he demanded and taken in the name of or as a toil or duty; and the monev fo to be railed as aforefaid is and fhall hereby be veiled in the fa id truftee* ; snd the fame and every part thereof fhall be pa d, applied, and difpofed of, and afTigned to, and for the le.vrd ufesr intents, and purpofes, and in fuch manner as h hereinafter mentioned and dire Med.

VIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore- ^ r.f.ftl faid. That the faid truftecs fhall be impowered by them- (fVy sv felvcs, or any perion or perfons by them, or any Yeven or an i fate in 5 more of them, under their hands and fenls thereunto autlio- days, rized, to levy the toll or duty hereby required to be paid, upon any perfon or perfo/ia, who fhall after demand made thereof negled or refufe to pay the fame, by dill refs of any horfe or horfes, or any cattle or goods, upon which fuch toll of duty is by this ad impofed, or upon any.other

Wdbnt race m daj on mdsciag ticket,!

giving or

altering ticket to avoid toll, and receiving,

ioa.

Chirgai and cxptncesfirft paid, as herein.

The fiventeenth and eighteenth Tents ef George ill* of the goods or chatties of fuch perfon or perfons wha ought to pay the fame, and may retain and keep the fame, until fuch toll or duty with the reafonable charges of foch difbaining and keeping (hall be paid; and it fhaH and may be lawful to and for fuch peribn and perfons fu ditiraining, after the fpace of five days after fuch diftrefs made and taken, to tell the goods fo diftrained by publick auction, returning the overplus (if any be) upon demand to the owner thereof, after fuch toll, duty, and reasonable charges for ditiraining and keeping the fame, (haQ be deduced.

IX.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That no perfon (hall be liable to pay toll more than once, who (hall pals, repafs, or return through all or any of fuch turnpikes, to be ere&ed by the authority of this ad, the fame day, to be computed from twelve of the clock at night to twelve ox the dock in tfoe fucceeding night, with the fame coach, or other carriage, fiorfe, or other cattle, and (hall produce a ticket, that the toll was paid at any of the faid turnpikes, which note oj ticket the receiver or receivers, colled or or coile&ort, is afcd are hereby required to give gratis upon receipt of the feud toll; and if any perfon having paid toll, and having fuch note or ticket as is hereby directed to be given, (hall give, offer, or difpofe of the fame to any other perfon or perfons, or (hall alter the fame in order to avoid the payment of any of the faid tolls, every fuch perfon giving, offering, difpofing, or altering of iuch note or ticket, and the perfons receiving and making ufe thereof, (hall reflectively forfeit and pay the fum of ten (hillings.

X.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid* That out of the money anting from the profit of the fevcjaJ

’ turnpikes, which have beep or hereafter (hall be ereded, or out of any money borrowed or to be borrowed on die credit of this ad, the f*id truilees, or any fevpa or more of them, (hall firft pay and drfeharge the expence of procuring this ad of parliament, and of making tfce faid roads and foot* paths, and of paying for the pqrchafe of grounds and fioufes, and of making compcnfatioq for damages, as by this ad is directed, and of erecting fuch turnpike or turnpikes, or building fuch toll houfe and toll houfes as aforefaid ; and from and after fuch charges and expences (hall be fully satisfied and paid, thpt then and froip thenceforth the profits anting, and the tolls to be colleded at each and every fuch turnpike and turnpikes, (hall be applied for and towards the repair of the faid' roads and foot paths, and tq the payment of the intereft of any n\oney borrowed or to be borrowed on the credit of the (aid roads, and to the payment of the officers falaries, and to the creating any bridge or bridges, except over the river Anna Lifiey eastward

The Jroentmwtb ami tifkrnmb Tears •/'George IlL want of Ef&Xrbridge, or other worki neceffary for the eoft-venience and fupport of fuch roads and foot paths, and for paying rewards as hereafter mentioned for the coovi&iou ftf any perfon, who (hall be guilty of robbing or maiming any perfon on faid roads or toot paths, or in paying off any debt contracted by faid truftees, or to be contra&ed, or in cftablifhing a ferry boat for carriages over the river Anna Liffey oppofite or near to the marine nurfery, or for planting trees along faid roads, as the (aid truftees, or any fcven or more of them, (hall think fit.

XI.	And whereas the right of eftabliJhing a ferry or ferries over the river Anna Liffey from the Old bridge in the city of Dublin to the town of Ring’s end belongs to the lord mayor, (heriffs and commons, and citizens of the faid city, and the ferries over the faid river, and the right of eilablifhing ferries over the fame from E flex-bridge to the (aid town of Rings end, is now granted and demifed by the (aid lord mayor, (heriffs, Commons, and citizens to John Jones of the city of Dublin efquire for a term of years, of which there are about twenty years unexpired, and the (aid lord mayor, fberiffs, commons, and citizens, and the laid John Jones, have refpe&ively consented and agreed to demife to the faid truftees a paffage or right of ferriage pver the faid river, oppofite or near to the faid Marine nurfery, for fuch terms aud fubjeft to fuch rents as are herein after mentioned: therefore be it further eaa&ed by the authority ^forefaid. That the laid John Jones, his ex-ecutoi s, adminiftrators, and affigns, do and (hall at the requeft in writing of the faid truftees, any (even or more of them, under their hands and feals execute or grant a leafe of a ferry and right of eftablilhiog a ferry over the faid ri^er Anna Liffey, oppofite or near to the faid Marine nur-fery, for fuch term of years as he or they (ball then have in the ferries oyer the laid river.

XII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-(aid. That the lord mayor, (heriffs, commons, and citizens, of the laid city of Dublin, (hall upon the like requell in writing, to he delivered tp the town clerk of the lame city, feal a like kafe or grant of the faid truftees, for fuch term of years as the (aid truftees by fuch writing (hall require, pot exceeding feyenty years, and to commence from the expiration of the leafe of the faid ferries now in being and made to the (aid John Jones; upon each of which kales (haU be reipe&ivdy referred inch annual rents, pay* able refpettivdy to the faid John Jones, his executors, ad-miniftrators and aJBgqs, qnd the (aid lord mayor, (heriffs commons, and citizens of the city of Dublin, during the (aid feveral and reipedive terms, as (hall be fudged and awarded by a jury, to he fvpumonedp impaaaefied, and

fworn

At reooeft of 7 truftees under leal

John Jones to execute a leaf# of a ferry near Marine nurfery forks term.

And by I Mayor, See further tern above 70 yc Ac.

Digitized by Google

3 G. 3. c. 36.

Rents charged on ferry toil, Arc

Counterparts of leafes by tmfiec*.

On two months neglc& after requeli for leafes, a righMo ferry as if executed, paying rent as by jury.

•5 Truftces Fter leafes, r a months Fter requeft lay eftablilh

7 TruHecs may contra t for ground for toll houfes with yards not above 100 feet fquurr, ur pu cuafc or rent.

The feotnteenth and eighteenth Teats of George lit. fwom in the fame maimer,-and tmder the like penalties, and with the fame right of challenging to the parties, as is dire&ed by this prefent ad, and the faid ad of the third year of his prefent Majefty, refpe&ing juries appointed for valuing grounds, through which the laid road is to pals.

XIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-faid. That the rents fo to be referved (hall be charged upon and made payable out of the tolls of the ferry, to be eflbab-lifhed at or near the faid Marine nurfery; and that the firfl annual payment of the faid rent lhall be made payable on the firft day of January, next after the faid ferry (hall be opened for paflTengers.

XIV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-faid, That the faid truftees, any feven or more of them, lhall feal and deliver counterparts of the farid leafes to the faid John Jones, and the faid lord mayor, fheriffs, commons, and citizens of the faid city of Dublin refpc&ively.

XV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-faid, That if the faid John Jones, or the faid lord mayor,

"Iheriffs, commons, or citizens, lhall neglect or decline to execute leafes as aforefaid for two months next after fuch requell mad£ in writing as aforefaid, that then and from thenceforth the faid truftees lhall have the fame right to eftablilh a ferry, as if fuch leafes were actually executed, paying fuch rent out of the tolls of the ferry* to the faid John Jones, and the faid lord mayor, fheriffs, commons, and citizens refpe&ively during fuch time as the laid ferry lhall fubfitt, as lhall be awarded by a jury in manner aforefaid.

XVI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-laid, That it lhall and may be lawful to and. for the faid truftees, any fifteen or more of them, after the execution of fuch leafes as aforefaid, or in two months after fuch rc-quell in writing for making the fame, to eftablilh a ferry and ferry boats for carriages, horfes, mules, and other cattle, and paflengers.

XVII.	And be it further enafled by the authority afore-

faid, That the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, lhall be authorized and impowered from time to time to treat, contrail, and agree with the feveral owners, proprietors, occupiers, and perfons interefted in any lands, tenements, houfes, . buildings, grounds, or hereditaments, through which any part of fuch roads are hereafter to be made, or for any ground that may be wanted for building toll houfes, with fufficient yards thereunto, not exceeding one hundred feet fqUare to each t<?ll honfe, for the porchafe thereof, or by way of annual rent for the fame, or other-wife, as the laid truftees or any feven otr more of them Ihtll ' - *	think

*Tke froenteentb and eighteenth Tears of George III. ' think fit, and to pay for the fame, and for any lofs or damages, in Inch manner as in and by the faid aft of the third year of his prefent Majefty is particularly direfted and appointed : and alfo that it (hall and may be lawful for all bodies politick, corporate or collegiate, corporations aggregate compenfation or foie, and all feoffees in truft, executors, adminiftrators,at 3 G* guardians, committees, and other truftees whatfoever, for ’ * and on behalf of any infants, femes covert, lunaticks, idiots,

Ceftui que trufts, and for all and every perfon or perfon3 ' whom foe ver, who are or (hall be feized or poffeffed of, or interefted in or in any wile entitled to any fuch lands, tenements, houfes, buildings, grounds, or hereditaments, to treat with the faid truftees, or any feyen or more of them, for the purchafc of fuch lands, tenements, houfes, build-jngs, grounds, or hereditaments, and to convey the fame to fuch truftees, in fuch manner and form as in and by the faid aft of the faid third year of his prefent Majefty is direfted and appointed; and that fuch truftees, or any feven or more of them, in cafe of the negleft or refufal of fuch owners, proprietors, occupiers, or perfons interefted as aforefaid, to treat or agree for the purchafe of fuch lands, tenements, houfes, buildings, grounds, and hereditaments, or any of them, or any part or parts of them? or any of thcmr in manner as in faid aft of the third year of his prefent Majefty is fet forth, (hall have full power and authority to fummon and impannel juries, and to examine perfons upon oath, and impofe fuch fines on faid juries for their default, and to judge compenfation by the verdift of fuch jury to fuch owners, proprietors, occupiers, or perfons interefted as aforefaid, by way of annual income, or otherwife as the faid truftees (hall direft, and to charge the fame upon the tolls, and in fuch manner, and under fuch regulations, powers, and authorities, ae in and by the faid aft of the faid third year of his prefent Majefty is particularly fet forth.

XVIII.	And be it further enaSed by the authority afore- Aftcr rcnt faid, That after fuch annuity or annual rent (hall be affeffed afTctfed may by fuch jury by way of compenfation to fuch owners, pro- execute deed prieton, occupiers, or perfons entitled to or interefted in	d

fuch grounds, houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, or here-tcR(jci to ditaments, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid ttuftees, partiest* or any feven or more of them, to Ggn, feal, and execute to a£rntK fuch owner, proprietor, occupier, 01 perfon entitled by fuch verdift to fuch compenfation, a deed or writing under their hands and feals, charging the faid tolls of the faid road with fuch annuity or annual rent, and (hall caufe the fame • to be delivered or tendered to fuch owner, proprietor, occupier, or perfon interefted in faid grounds, houfes, buddings, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or to bis or their

owci

Digitized^jy

Google

—..—r—J ,

as

jjl	Tie feventeentb n*d eighteenth Venn ef George 111.

A. D. awn agent or agents, or to be left at his or their known *777-3- nfutl place or places of abode, dwelling, or refidence.

10. XIX. And be it further enaded by the authority aforg-laid. That from and after the tender or delivery of fuch deed After tender, in manner aforefaid all fuch houfes, buildings, and tene-the property <rf ments, lands, hereditaments, and premifes, mentioned and fpecified in the faid verdid, (hall be the (ole and abfolutc property of the faid truftees; and that it (haH and may be lawful to and for the faid truitces, any feven or more of them, by themfelves, their workmen, or agents, to pull down all fuch houfes, buildings, and tenements, and to lay the ground whereon the fame were ereded, and alfo fuch other grounds, lands, or hereditaments as aforefaid, or fuch part thereof as they fhall think fit, into the faid road $ and to do all and every fuch ad, matter, and thing, with relation to fuch lands, tenements, houfes, buildings, grounds, or hereditaments, and to wall in, ditch, drain, and fence out the fame, in fuch manner as the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, (hail think fit for carrying this ad into execution ; and faid ground fo fccured and indofed fhall from thenceforth become and he a common highway to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, and (haB be repaired and kept in repair, in fuch manner as herein before and herein after is authorised and direded,

XX.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore* a*	the faid annuities or annual rent, fo to be agreed

for or aflefied as aforefaid, fhall be paid from time to time, as the fame fhall become due, by half yearly payments by the treafurcr or treafurers of (aid road, the firft payment thereof to begin and to be made within fix calendar months next after fuch ground fhall be taken by the faid truftees as aforefaid ; and fuch perfon and perfons fhall during the continuance of this ad have the fame eftate and intereft m fuch annuities or annual rents, as they would have had in (he faid ground, in cafe this ad had never been made; and in default of payment thereof within thirty days after the fame fhall become due (being demanded of the treafurer or treafurers for the time being) it (hall and may be lawful for the perfon or perfons, who fhall from time to time be entitled to the faid annuities or annual rents, or any of them, to commence or prcfecute one ot mote adionsat law on the cafe or in debt againft the treafurer or treafurers ,of the faid roads on account of the faid annuity or annual rent, and fhall or may upon fuch ad ion or adions recover the money then due, together with his or their full cofts of fuit, and have fuch remedy for the fame, as are allowed by law in other cafes ; which faid money and cofts fo recovered, when paid, fhall be allowed to fueh treafurer in his account with the faid refpe&ive truftees.

XXL And

Rent paid half yearlv by

‘ Ac.

Digitized by v^ooQle

Thi fnxnteenth *nJ aghtrentb Tears of Geoigt HI.	3	jj.

XXL And be it further enaded by the authority afore* A. D. laid. That if any pcrfon or perfono whatsoever, owning, 1777*#* renting, or occupying any land near unto any turnpike ered- Chap. 10. ed or to be ereded m purfuance of this or the (aid former ads, (hall for gain, reward, or otherwise wittingly or wil- Pcnakdiig lingly permit any pcrfon or perfons whatfoever to pafa through any gate, pafiagc, or way with any coach, beriin, calafh, chaife, or chair, waggon, wain, cart, carr, or car- Penalty, 10a. riage, or riding or driving any horfe, mare, gelding, mule, or ads, or any lort of cattle, and be thereof confided upon oath before the faid truftees, any feven or more of them, or before any one juftice of the ]>cace for the county or county of the city of Dublin, (hall forfeit and pay to the truftees authorised to put this ad into execution the fum of ten (hillings, to levy by diftrefs and fale of the oSender's goods by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch juftice of the peace, or under the hands and feals of the (aid truftees, or any five or more of them, rendering the overplus to the owner, if any be, the charges of taking and difpofing of fuch goods being firfl deduded.

XXII.	And be k further en&ded by the authority side gate* afore laid, That it fhaB and may be lawful to and for the faid txe&ed, and truftees, or any feven or more of them, to cred one or toll taken, more gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes, toll houfc and

toll houfes, on the fide of the laid roads, or acrofi any way or lane leading out of the faid roads, and there to receive and take fuch toft, as is appointed by this ad to be taken, fo as the fame do not extend *to any of the great roads now leading into the city of Dublin, nor to create a double charge in cafe of paffing through any other of the turnpikes, ereded or to be ereded by virtue of this ad between the city of Dublin and any of the adjacent counties.

XXIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore- CoGcctan laid. That every colledor of the tolls of the faid roads, to account appointed or to be appointed purfuant to the faid ads, (hall noothly on on the firft Tuesday of every month, or oftner if required, 04111 during the continuance of this ad, give in a true and perfect account in writing upon their refpedive oaths of all

money received by them refpedively for or on account of the tolls of the laid roads; which oath the treafurer and treafurers of the faid roads are hereby im powered refpedively to adminifter; and if any fuch colledor or colledors (hall fwear falfely in making fuch affidavit, he and they (hall upon convidion thereof fuffer all the pains and penalties of a per-fon, who (hall be convided of committing wilful and cor * rupt peijury.

XXIV.	And be it further enaded by the authority salaries* aforefaid, That the (aid truftees, or any feven or more of general board, them, at any general board, to be held in purfuance of this ** hereto.

ad.

^r‘

Digitized by

Google

7 may order not above 50I. at one time for conviction of robbing or maiming.

No grant at board lor faid road till affidavit by a of fo much per perch ncceffary.

7 to meet and adjourn,

&c.

The feventeehtb and eighteenth Tears of George III. aft, (hall and may order and allow to the treafurer, col-ledors, receivers, or to any overfeer or overfeers of the faid roads or foot paths, any compensation by way of annual Salary, or otherwife, that they, or any Seven or more of them, in their discretion Shall think fit, not exceeding forty pounds fterling to Such treafurer by the year 5 twenty pounds fterling by the year for each colle&or or receiver of the tolls; and the Sum of eighteen pence in the pound for every fum that (hall be expended by any overfeer or overfeers in the making or repairing fuch roads and foot paths.

XXV.	And be it further enabled by thd authority afore-faid. That the faid truftees, or any Seven or more of them, (hall have power from time to time to order any Sum or Sums of money, not exceeding at any one time fifty pounds fterling, fdr apprehending and profecuting to convi&ionany perfon or perfons who (hall be guilty of robbing or maiming any perfon or perfons on faid roads, and (hall order fuch fum and fums to be paid by the treafurer out of the tolls of the faid roads.

XXVI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afbre-faid, That no money (hall be granted at any board for the making or repairing of any part of the faid roads or foot paths, unlcfs it (hall appear by the affidavit of two credible perfons, who can read and write, before fome juftice of the peace for the county or county of the city of Dublin, or before the laid truftees at their (aid board, which oath the faid juftices and faid truftees are hereby impowered to ad-minifter, that fuch a fum is necefiary to make or repair fo many perches of the faid roads or foot paths at the rate of fo much by the perch, and that a Smaller fum will not be • fufficient to repair or make the fame 5 and that no money (hall be paid by the treafurer to any overfeer of (aid roads, unlefs fuch overfeer (hall deliver to fuch treafurer an affidavit, Sworn before a board of faid truftees, (which oath fuch truf-tecs are hereby impowered to adminifter) that the faid fum hath been faithfully and honeftly expended in making or repairing fo many perches of faid roads or foot paths, and for his wages at not more than eighteen pence for each pound, fo expended in making or repairing faid roads or footpaths, and that he did attend faid work diligently and carefully, and (hall alfo produce an exadt account of the number of men, horfes, and carts, or cars, employed each day at the faid work, and (hall Swear to the truth of faid account.

XXVII.	And be it further enafted by the authority . aforefaid, That the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, (hall and may meet at fuch days and places within the city or county of the city of Dublin, or any other place .

convenient

TZefeventeenth and eighteenth Tears of George III.	3^5

convenient to faid road, as by them, or any feven or more- A. 4 D. of them, (hall from time to time be appointed, and (hall 1777-8. adjourn their faid meetings to fuch times and places as afore- Chap. 10. laid, as they or any feven or more of them (hall from time to time think proper; and if it (hall happen, that there (hall not appear at any meeting, to be had and held by the faid truftees, a fuffrcient number of fuch truftees to ad at faid meeting, and to adjourn to any other day, then and in fuch cafe the treafurer by publilhing notice in the Dublin Gazette or fome other publick news paper at lead twenty days before the next meeting, (hall appoint the faid truftees to meet at the place, where the meeting of the faid truftees was laft appointed, or at fome other convenient place near the faid roads, and that the faid truftees at every meeting {hall defray their own expences.	'•

XXVIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That upon the death of any of the faid truftce8^fup}>^,^cs T herein before named, or upon their resigning or refuGng to board.

ad in fuch truft,-it (hall and maybe lawful for the (aid truftees, or any feven or more of them, at their general board to eled another perfon in the room of fuch perfon fo dying, refigning, or refilling to ad, which perfon fo eleded (hall be to all intents and purpofes veiled with all powers and authorities neceffary for carrying this ad into execution.

XXIX.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore- Materials faid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid railed in any truftees, or any feven or more of them, or for any overfeer, grounds, not or other perfon or perfons by them, or any feven or more Sar/ns> &c* of them, to be appointed at any general board, and for all

perfons employed by fuch overfeer or overfeers, to dig for, raife, gather, take, and carry away any gravel, fand, ftones, or other materials, which may be wanted for the making, repairing, or preferving the faid roads and foot paths, out of any grounds of any perfon or perfons, not being a garden, orchard, yard, planted walk or walks, or avenue to a houfe, where fuch materials are or may be found, and from time to time to carry away fuch and fo much of fuch materials, as (hall be neceffary for the making or repairing fuch roads and foot paths, or any other works to be earned on by faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, paying neverthelefs fuch damages to the owner or' occupier of iuch ground as (hall be reafonable; and in cafe the faid truftees, or the perfons appointed by them to raife, dig, and take away fuch materials, (hall difagree about the quantum of fuch compofition, that then fuch damages (hall he afeertained by three fubftantial houfe holders of the neighbourhood adjoining to the faid place,1 where fuch ma-, terials are to be raifed, one to be named by each of the

parties,



Digitized by t^ooQle

The fcvattcptfk tmd	tm* 3/George III*

A. IX parties and the third by the next or My oeighfo wag j"£> 1777,8.	ticc of the peace, wfio fhaji be (worn by fiich juftice to bt

Chap, ia appraifers of fuch damage# to thf beft of their (kill \ which damage* fbafcertaiacd by the laid app rails r* ftaD be paid by the treafurer of the hid road* immediately upon producing a writing (igned by the (aid appraifers, afeerttiaiog fuck damage*; and if any perfon (hall obdntft or prevent tbe tiwli\ wwl* ^ tru^CC3» or l^e overfeera, or the perio* or perfopa ** pe“‘ appointed by them as aforefaid, in digging for, railing, or carrying away fuch materials, fuch perfon (baQ upon 00a* vidion by the oath of one credible witnefs before any one ju&ice of the peace for the county or county of the city of Dublin forfeit for every fuch offence a fum not exceeding five pounds, to be levied together with the charges attending the fame by diftref* and fale of the goods of the offender by the warrant of any one juftice of the peace of the county or county of the city of Dublin*

On Mifrace XXX. And be it further enafted by the authority afore* thT* That every perfon, who (hail lay*any dirt, duag, timber, ftc.	ftraw, rubbiih, afties, or the fcouriftg of any ditches, or

to ieifar, .as	drains, or other filth, or any (lone*, or timber within forty

ho**®.	feet of the centre of the faid roads, or who (hall barn any

bricks or weeds, or build any lime kiln, or fnaiihs forge, within two hundred yards of (aid roads, or pull down or injure any part of any bridge, toll houfe, foot path, gate, turnpike, pod, mikftoae, finger poft, or any other thing belonging to the faid roads or foot paths, or put any fipi pod, or May buih, or dig any ditch, pit, hole, or dram, or build any wall, ot leave any canr or cart ia the night rime from fun fet to fun rife, within thirty feet of the centre of the (aid roads, or leave the carcafe of any horfe, male, afs, or other bead, or (kin any dead horfe, mule, afs, or other bead, within one hundred yards of the centre of find road, or (hall lead or drive any carr or cart with timber, boards, or iron lafhed crofs ways on fuch canr or cart, or ferape the gravel off any part of faid iptd or foot paths, (hall npon cun vidion by the oath of one credible witnefs before any onejudice of the peace of the county or county of the city of Dublin, or upon the view of every fuch judice, for every fuch offence forfeit a fum not exceeding twenty (hillings, to be levied by diftrtfs and fale of the goods of the offender by the warrant of any onejudice of the peace of (aid county, or county of, the city of Dublin, and al(b fuch timber, boards, or iron, to the perfoo who (hall £cine the fame} and that the faid truftcea, or any (even or more of them, may order any houfe or pvt of a houfe, lime kiln, fmiths forge, wall, or ditch, hereafter to be built or made contrary to the intent of this aft, to be pulled down, and that any per* fan may take and carry away all foeb duog, dirt, draw,

Digitized by '

I

The feventeentb and eighteenth Tear* of George III. afhes, rubbifh, aod the fcouriarg of ditches or drains, or A. J>« other filth, Hones, or timhelr* lb laid as aforefaid, and ap- . 1777-8. ply the fiupc to his own wfc without being foed or profceu* Chap. 1$. Ud far fo doing.

XXXI.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore- No building foid* That no part of the landt which fhall be purchafed by within 25 fe«, tne authority of this ad for making aoy part of the kid **ve to!* houfts, rpads, or any part of the lands through which th« kid a hc*cm-roads /ball pak, (hah be made ufo of for the ereffing of any

building whatsoever, other than of foph toll houfc* as are qt may he ereded by order of laid truffees $ and that no building whatsoever, except foph toll houfe, (hah be ored-ed within twenty fiVe feet pf the kid road on either fide, and that no building whatsoever, except houfes whofo wills (hall be feventeen feet high at the leait, and built with Hones, or bricks and lime, mortar, and well fafhed and Hated, Shall beereded within eighty feet of the faid road on either fide: and that no part of the faid road (hall be paved without a licence firif obtained for that pgrpofo under the bands and (cals of the kid truHees, pr any (even or more of them; and if any fuch buildings (hall be hereafter erected contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, it (hall and may be lawful for'the kid truttees, or any (even or more of them, to order the fame to be pulled down; and that no perfon keeping an inn, ale houfe, or houle of pub-lick entertainment, or who (hall foil ale, wine, brandy, or other fjpirituous liquors, fhall be capable of taking, hold-ing, or enjoying any play of trull or profit under this ad.

XXXII.	And be it further enaded by the authority Riding or aforefoid, That if any perfon foaH ride or drive any horfo, driving on bead, or cattle on the foot path of kid roads, focn perfon lootPatll» upon convi&ion by the oath of any oue credible witoefs he-

fbne any one jufUce of the peace of the county, or county of the city of Dublin, or upon the view of fuch juftiqe, for every fuch offence forfeit a fum not exceeding twenty Jhih lings, to be levied by diilrefs and kle of the horfo, bead, or cattle fo ridden or driven on fuch foot path; and that pne moiety of all forfeitures and pecuniary penalties tp be in*

Aided by this ad (ball go to tne profecutor with foil ppfts, and the other moiety to the govaruoi# of the hpufo of induf-try for the county of Dublin.

XX*HI* And be it further enaded by the authority juftice* for aforefaid, That his Majefty’s juftices of the peape for the county and city county and county of tire city of Dublin, may be impovv- impo*ered,&c. bred to put this act into execution, fo far as relates to them, and to adminifter the foveral oath a herein before direded to be taken within their jurifdidions; and that if any perfon, cuuvided of any offence by this ad* fhall not be able to

Vol. VI,

Y

pay

Perjury, forging D*me6, punched at wii-lui perjury.

No turnpike on 1< rd Fiiz-william’s road without conic at.

i$ Trtiftee* ay ciiabliih rry boats for triages near Urine nurfery, id pafiagtsaml iencts, 6cc.

The fevent eenlh and eighteenth Tears of George III. pay the penalty, he or (he has incurred, it (hall be lawful for the juft ice and juitices of the peace, before whom fuch perfon was convi&cd, to fend fuch perfon to the work-houte, houfe of jnduttry, or houfe of corre&ion of the county or county of the city of Dublin, there to remain at hard labour for fuch time as the faid juftice or juftices (hall think proper, not exceeding three months.

XXXIV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That every perfon, who (hall be guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury, or of falfe affirming, or of forging or Counterfeiting the name of any jtiftfee of the peace or tnif-tee, treafurer, collc&or, or overteer of (aid roads, and be thereof convi&ed by due courfe of law, (haH incur the pains and penalties, w hich by law-are enacted againft wilful and corrupt perjury.

XXXV.	Provided always, and be it further ena&cd by the authority aforefaid, That that no gate, turnpike, or toll houfe fhall be ere&ed or tolls paid upon any part of the road made by the late lord vifeount Fitzwilliam between Rings end bridge and the road from Dublin to Donnr* brooke without the content of the prefent lord vifeount Fit z william.

XXXVI.	And be it further ena&ed, by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the fard truf-tees, or any fifteen or more of them, to eftaWifh a ferry boat or ferry boats for carnages over the river Anna Liffey oppofite to or near the Marine Nurfery, and1 to make fuch Convenient ways and paftagrs and defences to fuch ferry boat and ferry boats, as the faid truftecs, or any fifteen of more of them fhall think neceffary; provided no fuch works or defences (hall be carried within the prefent walls of the faid river without the content of the pilot committee of the city of Dublin, or the majority of them, and to im-power any perfon or perfons to demand, receive, and take the following tolls and duties, before any horte, mare, or gelding, cattle, coach, berlin, chariot, calaffi, chair, orrr, cart, or other carriage, (hall be permitted to pafs over faid firry, that is to fay, for every horfe, mare, or gelding, or other cattle, two pence ; for every coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, or chaife, one (hilling; for every two wheel chaife or chair fix pence halfpenny; for every fedan chair three pence; for every four-wheeled cart with fix inch wheels four pence; for every two wheeled cart with fix inch wheels two pence ; for every- enrr two pence ; and for evert perfon one penny; which faid feveral futns of money lhall be raifed and levied by and vetted in the laid nutlets, and fhall be paid, applied, and difpofed of, and aligned to and for the ctt-'Mifhirg fuch ferry boat and ferry beats, and for making iiich convenient wa;s, paffoges, and defences to

fuck

Digitized by

The feventeenth and eighteenth Tears of Gaorge III.	^39

fetch ferry boat or ferry boats for the feveral ufe«, intents, A. D. and purpofes, and under the feveral regulations herein before 1777-8. -mentioned*	Chap.	lo.

XX XV Hi And be it furthft enafted by the authority v aforefaid, That the faid truftees, or any feven or more of 7 Traftee* them, may borrow money an the credit of tbe tolls to them borrow on granted by this aft, and nay apply the fame in defraying	ity

the expences of this aft, and carrying the fame into full Tv.thimereft execution, as herein before mentioned, and may afiign over hsdf yearly, the faid tolls or any part thereof by writing under their or Smy feven or more of their hands and feals for any time or term, during the continuance of this aft, as a feciirity for

•	*ny fum or fums of money to be advanced or lent to them on the credit thereof, payable to fuch perfon and per* fons who (hall fo lend .the fame, with fuch rate of intereft not exceeding the legal intereft by the hundred, as the fafd truftees, or any feven or more of them, by writing under their hands and feals promife or agree to pay for the faid

#	money fo to be borrowed on the credit of the frid tolls,

Which intereft (hall he paid half yearly by the treafurer Of the faid road according to the agreement of the (aid truftees cr any ftveh of mbre of them as aforefaid.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority Toll contiim-

aforefaid. That the fevers! tolls and duties hereby granted	*1 y«3r<! frw01

fhall take place add have continuance from and after the

firft day of May in the year one thoufand feven hundred	t	*

and fesjrtity eight for and during the tefm of forty; one

years.

XXXIX.	Provided always, and be it further enafted by No pjac<. or the authority aforefaid, That no perfon or perfons, appoint- profit tvutoftst. ed or to be appointed truftees for putting this aft into exfe-

*	Cution, (hall have or accept of any place or profit, arifing out of or by reUfon of the toll or duty by this aft laid or grantee^ but fuch perfon or perfons (hall be incapable from the time of accepting and continuing to enjoy fuch place or profit cf afting as a truftee.

XL. And be it further edafted by the authority afore- Suitf fw faid, That if any fiiit (hall be commenced againft any perfon actine in 6 or perfons for any thing done in purfuanee of this aft, months, as that in every fuch cafe the aftion or fuit (hall be commen- herein, ced within fix calendar months, n^xt after the faft (hall be committed, and not afterwards* and (hall be laid in the county of the city of Dublin, and not elfewhere 5 and the defendant or defendants in fuch aftion or aftions (hall and may plead the general iflue, and give thi’3 aft and the fpecial matter in evidence on any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuanee and by the authority of this aft ; and if it (hall appear to have been done, or that fuch aftiort or fuit was brought after the time fo iimit-

Y 2	ed

Digitized by

Google



34*	3Hfc fiventitnth and eighteenth Yean ef Georp III.

A. D- td at aforvfaiA, or in any other county or placfc than in the 1777+8.	Dud county of the city of EkiUia,.that then the jury fiuB

Wi V*V find for the defendant or defendants; and upon inch v«r-di&, or if the plnibtiff flwH be noafuited, or discontinue hit a&iom after the defendant or defendants (hall hare appeared* oe if on any demurrer judgment Audi he given agatnft the plaintiff^ the defendant or defendants fb£ and may recover treble coils* and have the like remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in any other cafes by lav*. k lvi. XLI. And he it further cnafeed by the authority afore-public* a«•	That this ad ihaU be deemed, adjudged, and taken

to be a pubHck aft, tnd be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, jufticcs, and other perfons whatsoever, without fpccially pleading the fame.

CHAP. XL

An Aft for continuing and amending an A8 pnjjed hi the font* teenth Year of his frefent Maiejlf* reign, entitled, nn A3 Jo prevent malicious cutting ana wounding, and to punfb offenders called Chalkers.

Amended

*4 G. y c. 56. f 4

with knife or offcftfive weapon to cut fcr flab. Sec. Vi;th intent to fnurder, rob, 6tc. felony, death.

WHERE A iS divers profligate and evil di{p©fcd perfons have of late with knives or other ofeafive weapons cut and dabbed, or with piftols have wounded, or attempted to wound, by firing, (hooting, and difehargiqg the fame, many of his Majeily’* fubje&s either with an in-fccut to murder, rob, or maim, or merely with a wanton and wicked intent to difeblc or disfigure them : and whereas the laws now in force to prevent wanton, wilful, and maKaoos maiming and wounding, are found not to be fuiBdently effectual to deter fuch evil dtfpofed perfons from the afbrefaid wicked and barbaroas nra&icc*: for the prevention there-fore of the like mifehiefa, and as a further remedy, belt cna&cd by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords (piritual and tempond, and commons in this prefent Parliament aflcmbled, and by the authority of the feme* That if any perfon or perfoos after the twenty fourth day of June, in the year of our Lord one thcrufeud feveff hundred and feventy eight, with any knife or other offenfive weapon (hall wilfolly, wantonly, and malidoufly cut or ilab, or with a piilol or piftols, or other fire arms wound or attempt to wound any perfon or perfons in the face or head, or iu any limb or member, or in any part of the body, with intent in fo doing to murder, rob, or maim, or with an intent to difehle or disfigure him, bat, sr them, the perfon or perfons fo wantonly, wilfully, 1	and

The froenteenth and eighteenth Tears of Gwgfc HI. nadicioufly cutting or (tabbing* Or with a piiVol or p& tols, or other fire arm is wounding* or attempting to wound* their councilors* aiders, and abetters, knowing of and privy to the offence as aforefaid, be on eonviftiou thereof declare ed and adjudged to be felons, and fltaH fuffer death as in oaki of felony without the benefit of clergy* or any ft*, tutt ; and that the bodies of fuch perfons, as (hall be executed by virtue of this *&, (hall be delivered to the chirur-geons of the city of Dublin* or oae of them* or to the pro^

Wdbr of anatomy iu Trinity College near Dublin, to be by them differed or anatomised. *

II.	Provided, That no attainder of fuch felony (hall extend to corrupt the blood, or forfeit the dower of of blood of the wife, or the lands, goods, or chattels of the offender or forfeiture, offenders.

III.	Provided alfo* That this a& (hall continue in forct Continued

fcr four yea* i from the twenty fourth day of June next.	3

C H A P, XIL	c. 15.

No corruption

yf. Ja fir ineerporotmg the Charitable Mn/teol Society for lending out Money Jnteref free to indigent and indujtrioui Tradefnten,

WHEREAS Iq the city of Dublin and fuburbf thereof, there are always a great number of induf-triops tradefmen* who from their extreme poverty are unable to fupport themfelves and families, when vifited by fick-tiefs or any other calamity, and are often incapable of earning to themfelves a livelihood for want of money to buy materials and other neceflhries for carrying on their refpe&ive trades; whereby feveral of that ufeful clafs of men have perifhed, and their families been reduced to beggary and become a burthen to the publick : for remedy whereof a	A voluntary

voluntary fociety was inftituted in the year one thoufand	injjuut-

feven hundred and fifty fix* for thepurpofe of lending out fending out me. money intereff free to indigent tradesmen 2 and whereas the ney> to indigent good effects of the faid inllitution were fo rapidly and pow- trad fmen in-erftilly fck, that large fums were colle&ed* and many per- tereft ****• foils of qnality and diflinftion contributed largely to the aid and fupport of the faid charity, whereby feveral thoufand families were relieved in the (pace of a few years : and whereas great benefits arc likely to arife from fuch inllitution

to

v Sentence on crnmdinn tinder thi* ad to He immediately paffcd* and execution next diy but one after, unId* court fee reafouable cant* for poftponing it.

- - ^

Google

The feventeenth and eighteenth Teart of George ill. to the kingdom of Ireland in general, and to the city rf Dublin in particular, by considerably inertafing the number of inhabitants therein, and promoting the trade and manu-fa£ture& thereof, whereby the inhabitants of faid kingdom will be more able to contribute to the increafe of the revenue, and the fupport of the eftablifhment, and it might greatly promote the good ends afbrefaid, if corporations of the like kind were eftabliftied in the different manufa&uring counties and market towns of this kingdom : and whereas divert perfons are willing to contribute large fum« of money for the good ends and purpofes aforefaid, but the (aid voluntary fociety are not capable in law of taking or receiving fuch contributions, or of carrying their good intentions cfc fie&ually into execution, unlefa they be incorporated by an a£t of Parliament, with fuch claufes, powers, jurHdidions, and authorities, as are itfual in fuch like cafes : be it therefore enadied by the King’s moft excellent Majefty by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the lord lieute-appointed, sad nant or chief gpvemors of Ireland, the lord primate, the incorporated, \ord chancellor, the lord archbifhop of Dublin, the fpeakcr of the houfe of commons, the lord chief juftice of the King’s bench, the lord chief juftice of the common pleas, and the lor<l chief baron of the court of exchequer, tho right honourable William Randall earl of Antrim, Richard earl of Cavan, George Earl of Tyrone, Brinfley earl of Lanelbprough, Richard carl of Shannon, James carl of Clanbradlill, James fcarl of Charlemont, (^harles earl of Bel-lamont, Robert earl of Roden, Henry cyl of Ely, Edward earl of Aldborough, Charles lord vifeount Ranelagh, Richard lord vifeount Powerfcourt, Harvey lord yifeount Mount-Morres, Stephen lord vifeount Mount Cafhel, Thomas George lord vifeount Southwell, the right reverend Charles lord bifhop of Cloyne, Ifaac lord bifhop of Cork, Jofeph lord bilhop of Ferns, the right honourable John Jofhua lord baron Carysfort, Edward Michael lord baron Longford,

John lord baron Annaly, Simon lord baron Iraham, the ight honourable Hercules Langford Rowley, Thomas Ad-derley efquire, Richard Longffeld efquire, Richsud Town-(hend efquire, Sydenham Singleton efquire, William Meade Qgle efquire, Robert Longfield efquire, Charles Craven cP quire, Arthur Craven efquire. Sir Thomas Blackall knight, the lord mayor, recorder, and fheriffs of the city of Dublin for the time being, Luke Gardiner efquire, George Put-land efquire, Mark Synott efquire, William Smyth efquire, Nathaniel Cavenagh efquire, and Francis Heath efquire, be.



j



The fevenieenih and ngfaecnih Tears of George III.

*nd they are hereby conftituted and appointed governors, and fuch others as (hall from time to time be ele&ed in ipan-ner herein after dire&ed, to be one body politick and corporate for ever in deed and in name by the name of the Charitable Mufical Society for lending out money intereft free to named, indigent tradefmen, and by the fame name to have perpetual fucceffion, and to purchafe, have, take, receive, and	,	-

enjoy to them and their fucceflors for ever lands, tenements, I0[^	C

hereditaments of whatfoever nature or kind, not exceeding	*

in the whole the clear yearly value of one thoufand pounds, and alfo all manner of goods and chattels of what value fo-ever, and by the fame name to fue and be fued, plead and an^ ^ be impleaded, anfwered and be anfwered unto in all courts corpoiatc a5s. and places whatfoever within this kingdom in all fuits, plaints, and demands whatfoever $ and they and their fuc-cefTors may have a common leal, fuch as they (hall think proper, for the ufe of the faid corporation ; which it (hall and may be lawful for them and their fuccelTors to change, break* alter, or make new from time to time, as they fhali think (it.

II.	And, be it dna&ed by the authority aforefaid. That the (aid corporation and their fucceflors for ever (hall have one prefident, three vice prefidents, one treafurer, one fecretary, and one regifter; and that the lord lieutenant for the time being (hall alway be the prefident, and the earl of Lancf-borough, lord vifeount Rantdagh, and lord vifeount Mount-morres, be the three firft vice prefidents, and Arthur Craven efquire the firft treafurer, and Thomas Blackfill knight the firft fecretary, and Mr. Benjamin Higgins the firft regifter to the faid corporation, each to continue in their refpe&ive offices from the time of pafling this ad until the fecond Tiiefday in November following, unlefs the laid refpe&ive places, or any of them, become vacant before that time by death, deprivation, resignation, or otherwife, or until others be chofen in their refpt&ivc rooms.

III.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may bettftvful to and for the faid prefident, vice prefidents, treafurer, fecretary, and regifter, and the reft of the members of the faid corporation alfo above named, or as many of them as conveniently can, within forty days next after the day of the. pafling of this att to meet together at fuch time and place as the faid prefident or any one of the faid vice prefidents (hall appoint by fummons, which the faid prefident, or any one of the faid vice prefidents, are hereby impowered and required timely to iffue for that purpofe to the faid members, or fuch of them as live within the city or liberties of the city of Dub-Up, where they, or the major part of them thjen prefent,

may

The froenteenth anJ AghUsulh Ychrs of George 111. stay nominate, eled, and chufe new members, fill up -cics ia offices, if any fhall happen, chufe fuch clerks and other inferior officers and (eArants, as (hall be thought need-(ary dr tzfefol for the find corporation, to ferve in find office^ until the focond Thurfday in November following, unlefe they ihaU former die, refign, or be removed.

? dated gsne- IV. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore* rtf meetings faid, That there be every year three dated general meetings every year, &c. 0f the laid corporation within the Liberties of the firid city of Dublin, to wit, on the fecond Thurfday in November,' the firft Thurfday in March, the frrft Thurfday in June every year, and as many other general meetings, and at fuch times, as the faid corporation or any five or more of them (hall appoint; and that at the general meeting on the fecond Thurfday in November in afl times coming, or, in Cafe of any emergency preventing their meeting on that *y. then the next meeting, fever at the lead being then f>refent, whereof the president or one of the vice prefidents to be always one, fhall be defied three vice prefidents to continue in their refpfcfiive offices for one year, and until others be defied in then* room, uplefs fuch vice prefidents fhall fooner die, be deprived of, pr rdign bis or their refpec-tive offices.

V.	And be it further enafird by the aitthority afore-laid. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid governors at any of their meetings, five at leaft being prefent, to adminifter oaths, and to examine in the moft folemn manner fuch per font as they (hall think proper, touching the affairs or management of the faid charity.

* it meeting VI. And be it further enafied by the authority afore-to ckri officer*, faid, That it (haH be lawful for the faid corporation, or any (even of them, whertof the prefident or one of the vice prefidents to be always one, to elefi on the fecond Thurfday in November in all future time, or, in cafe of any emergency preventing the meeting on that day, then at the next fnecting, which one of the vice prefidents, and feven at lead of the faid corporation (hall have is in their power to appoint a treafurer, fecretary, and regifter, and all fuch other officers and fervants as they (hall think needful for the faid corporation 5 and the perfons fo chofen (hall continue iu their rcfpefiive offices until the fecond Thurfday in November in the year following, and until others (hall be chofen in their rooms, unlefs fuch perfon fo chofen, or any of them {hall fooner die or be removed from or rdign their refpefiivc offices.

VII.	T>c it further enafied by tlie authority afore faid, That the laid corporation or any ten of them, whereof the prtiident or one of the vice prefidents to be always one, il.all have full power to rcn.ovy any treafurer, fecretary, rt>

giftcr.

' 5 at meeting

to adyutttflcr oath*, See.

Sc c.

jo ray re*

‘nuiv-., &c.

7U frtxtJdHHb <twd iifhianA Ttdn of George Illr	J4J

fpftcr, or an 7 other officer Or £erv*nt belonging to the bid A. D-vearporation 5 and that upon any vacancy by the death of the 1777-$* treafurer, fecretary, Kgiftaf and other officers or fervants, or Chap- 1 *♦ by the refignation or removal of them or any of them, the bud corporation (bill have foil power at any time to chub others in their places* {even members at lead being prefent, whereof the prefident or any one of the vice prefidents to be one.	t

VIII.	And be R farther en*a<4 by the authority afore- a°»

faid, That at all general meetings. In cafe of the abfence of prt22u»t cjuir-the prefident the vice prefident firft named in the lift of the man.

▼ice prefidents then prefent {hall be the chairman of the faid meeting, and have a ceding voice in cafe of equality of ▼otes; and in cafe the prefident and all the vice prefidents (hall be abfent, the (aid corporation, or any five or more of them,

Jhall have power to appoint one of the members then prefent to prefide for fuch time; and all a&s done or orders made, whilft the perfon fo appointed prefides, {ball be as valid and effc&ual, as if the prefident or vice prefidents had pre-jided.

IX.	And be it further ena&cd by the authority afore- 7 m*7 «le& faid, That the faid corporation, or any feven or more of racml>cr*-them, whereof the prefident or one of the vice prefidents to

be one, Audi have full power to ele& fuch perfbos to be members of the faid fociety, as they (hall judge proper j which perfon* from time ta time defied {hall be deemed to all intents to be members of the laid corporation, as if herein particularly named.

X.	And be it further eroded by the authority afore- Bye laws at faid, That the faid corporation at any time of the three

dated general meetings before mentioned, and at no other	'

meetings, feven members at lcaft being prefent, whereof the prefident or one of the vice prefidents to be one, (hall have full power to make fuch bye laws, rules, and ordinances for the good government of the (aid Corporation, as they (hall judge meet Mid convenient 5 provided that fuch bye laws be not repugnant to the laws of Ireland, and that the fame be confirmed by fome fucceeding general meeting, at which fevea at leaft of ti»e members fhalJ be prefent, whereof the prefident or one of the vice prefidents to be one; and that the fame method {hall be ©bferved in the altering or repealing fuch bye laws, rules and ordinances, after they {hall be fo made and a-r.firmed.

XI.	Aud be it further ena£led by the authority afore- j caft#caecut* (aid. That it ihall and may be lawful to and for the faid cd tor 3 hve* corporation, or any feven of them, whereof the prefi- or 31 year*, dent or one of the vice prefidents to be one, at any of the

faid Hated gtnerni meeting* to make or execute leaks of

any

Digitized by

Google

34<S

a: D.

1777-8. Chap. 12.

Leaflet referred to committee, Itc.

Money lent, intereft free.

Gifts to the fbciety vdbd in the corporation.

On vacancy

1 to meet and flea.

The ftvenSstnlh ttmJ ngbtomtb Tears ef George III. my lands or tenements belonging to the faid corporation for any term not exceeding three lives if for lives, and if for years not exceeding thirty one yean, to commence and take effe& in pofieffion, and not in reversion, or by way of future intereft; upon which leafe (hall be referred during the continuance of the faid leafe the beft yearly rent, that can be got for the fame, without fine, gratuity, or other reward ; which rent (hall be made payable half yearly on the two ufual feafts of the year, on which rents are made payable.

XII.	Provided always, that the feal of the faid corporation (hall not be affixed to any leafe, which has not been referred to a committee, who (hall report, that the leafe under confideration is a proper one, and is by deed indented, and that it contains the ufual powers of difttefr and re-entry for nonpayment of rent; which leafe, fo made under the feal of the corporation, (hall be read as evidence in all courts of record without any further proof.

XIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-laid, That the faid corporation, or any five of them, at any general meeting (hall have power to lend fuch fum or fums of money intereft free to fuch perfon or perfons, as they (hall think fit, not lefs than forty (hillings nor more than five pounds, to any one perfon at any one time, to be repaid at fuch times and in fuch fums and proportions, as they (hall think reafonable; for which fums fo borrowed notes (hall be palled by the borrower mentioning the terms of the loan.

XIV.	And be it further ena£ted by the authority afbre-faid. That all fuch fum or fums of money, as have been hitherto fubferibed or bequeathed to the charitable mufical fo-dety for the purpofe of lending out money intereft free to indigent tradesmen within the city of Dublin and liberties thereof, (hall veft in the corporation aforefaid, and by any order from them, or any feven or more of them, whereof the prefident or one of the vice prefidents to be one, may be paid to the treafurer hereby appointed or any future treasurer, whofe receipt (hall be deemed and taken as a diffident difchaige and acquittal for the fame ; and in cafe any fum of money lent by virtue of this a& be not repaid purfuant to the terms of the loan, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid treafurer or any future treafurer in his own name to fue for the fame in any of his Majefty’s courts of this kingdom.

XV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe of the office or place of any one or more of the vice prefidents, or any one or more of the members of the faid corporation for the time being, or of any perfon

that

Digitized by Google

fthe feventeenth and eighteenth Tears of George III.	34.7

tliat (hall hereafter be chofen a member of the faid corpora- A* J>. tion, or of any of the officers or fervants of the faid corpo-' 1777-8. ration, (hall happen to become vacant by death, deprivation. Chap. 1 a, refignation, or otherwife, then the remaining and furviving members of the faid corporation (hall not only continue and remain incorporate by the name aforefaid to all intents, conftru&ions, and purpofes, but it (hall and may be lawful for the faid corporation, or any feven of them, whereof one of the vice prefidents to be one, and they are hereby required to meet for that purpofe within the fpace of days, after notice that fnch vacancy has happened, to ele& a new vice prefident or vice prefidents, and to ele6l members, officers, and fervants of the faid corporation in the room of the vice prefident or the members of the Cud corporation, who (hall die, be removed, or refign as aforefaid.

XVI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- Acctrona faid, That the faid corporation (hall caufe fair accounts in writing to be kept in books prepared for that purpofe of all h«ein. receipts and payments, and of all loans and other doing and tranfa&ions of the faid corporation, and of their officers and

agents refpe&ively, to be viewed and infpe&edby any of the members of the corpotation, or by any fubferiber or fub-feribers, benefa&or or benefa&ors, upon any occafion, which accounts (hall be examined, audited, and fubferibed upon the feventeenth day of November in every year or within fourteen days after by the (aid corporation, or any feven of them, whereof the prefident or one of the vice prefidents to be one.

XVII.	And in order to make the good effe6U of the faid perfonsap-charity as extenfive as poffible throughout the kingdom of pointed toldnd Ireland, be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, that it on hkc terns in (hall and may be lawfhl to and for the faid corporation, or

any feven of them, of whom the prefident or one of the vice ^arkft toiras.

prefidents to be one, to appoint fuch perfon or perfons, as

they fhall think proper, by inftrument under their hands and

the feal of the faid corporation, thereby impowering them

to receive contributions, and lend out fuch fum or fums of

jnoney mterefl free, as they fhall think proper, notlefs than

forty fhillings nor exceeding five pounds, at any one time,

ypon the like terms of payment as before mentioned, to any

perfon throughout the different manufacturing counties and

market towns in this kingdom.

XVIII.	And be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid,

That the perfons, fo appointed under the feal of the faid pointed t» recorporation, fhall have power of receiving contributions and ceive cotxribn-fcenevolencies in the different counties or towns, wherein they t1™?* int^c jre appointed as aforefaid; and that the benefa&ions and and

contributions.

Digitized by v^ooQle

lent to the indigene and in-duftridus, a* herein

Nafeeto fubftinte, nor falary to tro> furcr^tc. above fth id.

T rcsfurcr 10 bnburfed.

TheJevessteenth and eighteenth Tears of George IIL contribution*, gived in each county or town, (hall be leal out to the indigent and indu&rious manufacturers reddent in fuch county or town; and that the perfont afting under fuck appointment (hall keep regular books of account of all fume* which they {hall receive, and of all fums of money lent by them, and the term* upon which £aid fums are fo lent; which accounts, fairly tranferibed, (hall be tranfmitted once in each year to the laid corporation for their infpc&ion; aid that the perfous fo appointed (hall (on nonpayment of any money borrowed from the corporation, and lent by them) have full power and authority to fue for fuch fum or fums of money by civil bdl or othtrwife, as they dull think mod advisable, and that producing the appointment under the feal of the corporation, without any other proof of its being the feal of the corporation, and proving the money to be advanced or lent, either by producing the note oi the party, or otherwife by fufficient witnefies, (hall be evidence of the debts bring due, and fufficient to put the defendant to the proof of hi* haring repaid or faUsded the fame purfuant to the term* of the agreement; and that the peribna fo appointed dull have it in their power to chufe a treafurer9 and clerk from time to time; and that fuch treafurer may bring fuch civil bkl or aftion in his own name without naming any of the laid corporation or other fubditutes as plaintiff in any aftion.

XIX.	Provided always. That no fub&itutc fo appointed (hall take any fee or reward for executing the office afore* laid; and that no treafurer, clerk, or other perfon employed by them, dull be intitled to or receive any (alary, fee, emolument, or reward for dtfehargiog the duty of his or their offices refpeftivdy, exceeding a yearly (alary of two pounds ten (hilling*; and that the corporation afore (aid, or any (even or more of them, of which the preftdent or one of the vice preddents to be one, upon the death, difability, removal, or redgoation of any fubflitutes, or officer, or {ervants appointed by fuch fubftitutes or officer, (hall have power to appoint new ones to dll the places of fuch fubfti-tutesor officers, or any of them, and horn time to time to remove any of them for mi (behaviour, difability, or any other caufe, which dull appear fufficient to them, or any feven or more of them, of which the preddent or one of the vice preddents to be one.

XX.	Be it further crafted by the authority aforefaid. That the (aid corporation, or any feven or more of them, the faid pred dent or one of the vice preddents to be one, may and are authorized to order, that Arthur Craven ef-qnire, the prefent treafurer, may be reimburfed and paid out of tlie fund belonging to the faid corporation, now in the bank of Me (hours William Gleadowe Newcomen and

company,

349

The feveuksnth ami eighteenth Tears of Georye III. company, fitch cofb and expences, as it Audi appear to them, he hath been put to or iuffered on account of the (aid charity, and likewife to order that all arrears, which are at prefent due to the clerk, bailiff, or other perfons, who were employed in colleding the contributions to the faid charity, and lodging the fame in the bank, fhall be paid, coj]^” according ns the labour and trouble of fuch perfon appears to them to deferve, and likewife to order fuch fum of money to be paid, as fhall appear to them to be rcafonable, to reimburse the expences which may attend pafling this bill into a law.

XXI.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That a publish this ad fhall be deemed and taken to be a puhlick ad.

CHAP. XV.

An A8 to enable tefamentary Guardians of Minors to make Ltafts for the Purfofe of holding County Infrmam and Hofpitufs on the Efiates of fuch Minors, fubyeS to the Refine-turns herein after mentioned.

WHEREAS by an ad made in the fifth year of his 5 g, 3. c. *o.

prefent Majefty for the ereding and eftablifhing publick infirmaries or hofpitals in this kingdom tenants for life are impowered to make fee farm grants or leafes in perpetuity of any quantity -of ground, not exceeding two acres, Car the pctrpofe of ereding a county infirmary or hofpital; and whereas by an ad paffed in the feventh year ^ of his prefent Majeftv, made to amend the aforefaid recited 7O. 3. c.S. ad, archbifltops, bimops, and other corporate bodies, are iinpowerfd to make leafes in perpetuity and in reverfion of any quantity of ground, not exceeding two acres, at a rea-fonaUe rent, for ereding an infirmary or hofpital for any county : but no provifion is made by the laid recited ads to enable the teftamentary guardians of minors, to make leafes in pexpetuity for the lame purpofe, which has prevented the ereding of infirmaries in places proper for them: be it therefore eoaded by the King’s mod excellent Majefty by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpi ritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it fhall and may be	^jfUmcntiry

lawful for the teftamentary guardian or guardians of any	*jr

minor or minors to make a Leafe or leafes in perpetuity of le*fc in p«pe-any quantity of lang, not exceeding two acres, and not be- tBtty not iug part of the demefne land, of any minor or minors, at s ******

. the raoft improved rent, to the governors of any county infirmary or hofpital; which leafe or leafes the faid guardians are hereby impowertd to make refpedively, for ereding an infirmary or hofpital for any county : provided fuch leafe he approved of by the chancellor, lord keeper, or lords com-

miifioners

■Jl.

Digiti /

high.

The feventeenth and eighteenth Tears of George ill. miflioners for keeping the great feals for the time being, b) his or their order upon a petition to him or them for that purpofe.

CHAP. XVII.

An AB to amend and continue an AB pajfed in the thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of his prefent Majejiy, entitled. Ax AB for the better Regulation of the baking Trade in the at) of Dublin^ and for other Purpofes.

Produce of XX7HEREAS the prefent table for regulating the affiie whcaTftated too * * °f bread is confeffedly inaccurate, as (fating the produce 6f the quarter of wheat higher, than it is found to be by the mod accurate experiments; from whence a neceffity arifes of impowering the magiftrate to vary the allowance to the baker, 34 the price of wheat and flour varies, which creates much trouble to the magiftrate, and occaflons frequent difputes between him and the baker: and whereas it is therefore judged expedient tq a (certain, as near as may be, the juft quantity, which a quarter of wheat (hall be fuppofed to produce, and to fix a certain reafonable allowance to the baker, which (hall never vary, except when the increafc of his neceflary expences ia baking may require it: be it enabled by the King’s mod excellent Majefly by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by die

_____________ authority	of	the fame, that from the twenty fourth day of

white regulated June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy eight, the by table annex- weight of all houfhold and white bread, in (lead	of briur

herein	**	regulated by the table of afiize	annexed to the faid	aft, (hall

be regulated by the table annexed to the prefent a<ft, in which the value of a quarter of wheat; after deducing the miller’s toll, is in houihold bread llated at thirty feven (feme feven pounds ; and twenty eight (lone and an half of ill kinds of flour, bought by the bakers, (hall be deemed equal to faid quarter of wheat;	and by the fame	table all

white bread (hall weigh two	thirds of houfliold	bread of

the fame price ; and the magiftrate (hall give an allowance of ten (hillings only on faid quarter.

Journeyman II. And for remedy of the great diftreftes and inconve-refofing work °r niencies, that have arifenin the city of Dublin and the li-^crt'cs adjacent from the combinations and other licentious having appren- pradlices of the journeymen of the biking trade, be it entice*, Ac. fined a died by the authority aforefaid, that any journeyman baker 5l orimprifon- rcfufmg

to work with or who (hall quit the fervice of his employer on account of his employer having one or more apprentices, or who (hall abfent himfelf from or quit the fervice of his faid employer without giving his faid employer one week’s previous notice of his intention fo to do, or who

(hall

inftead of the table 13 and 14 G. 3. c 47, weight of houfthoTd and

ed one month.

*The f*Oeitttenth and eighteenth Tears of George 111.	351

fhall be guilty of entering into any combination againft the A* D. faid matter bakers, or any other perfon concerned in {aid 1777-8* trade, or any journeyman baker who (hall wilfully or ma- Chap. 17* Ijcioufly damage, adulterate, or. deftroy the materials or property of his employer, fhall upon due proof thereof by the oath of one or more credible wit nefsor witnefles before - -- » the lord mayor or any other magittrate of the city of Dub* lin or liberties thereunto adjoining, be fined any film, not exceeding five pounds,' or imprifonment any time not ex* oeeding one month, at the diferetion of the magittrate bo*-fpre whom fuch proofs (hall be made 5 and that any matter \ baiter within faid city or liberties thereunto adjoining,	em

who fhall employ any journeyman baker, convi&ed as afore- pi0y;ng jn6 faid, within fix months after fuch convi&ion, (hall upon due months after, proof thereof be fined ten pounds, to be recovered and ap- fined icL as oy plied as is dire&ed by an a& of the firft of George the fe- 1 2m *• *"• cond, entitled. An aEt for regulating the price ana ajfxe of bread and the markets.

III.	And whereas divers frauds arc often pra&ifed by per-Fons felling or offering to fale wheat, rye, meflin, peas, beans, barley, bere, oats, (hillin, cutlings, meal, dour, and tnalt, by fpoiling or adulterating the fame or part thereof, or producing to the view of the intended buyer a fpecies of fuch corn, grain, malt, meal, or flour, of a quality fuperior to the bulk of that fo offered to fale, in order by fuch means to deceive and defraud the buyer thereof, or perfon to whom the fame (hall be offered to fale : to prevent which injurious pra&ices be it ena&cd by the authority aforefaid, that from henceforth if any perfon or perfons (hall fell or Selling corn, offer to fale any of the faid forts of corn, grain, malt, meal,	*

or flour, which (hall in the whole or in part be fpoiled or on buyer, for-adulterated by wetting or mixing therewith any fand, gravel, (cited, ami 40s* dirt, rotten or damaged corn, grain, malt, meal, or flour, or ?o th« poor and grown or blighted corn, or other kind of fluff, or which 1 onncr*

(hall not be in quality of equal goodnefs to that produced to the view of the intended buyer or buyers thereof, or (hall ufe any other fraud or deceit therein, or in order to make fuch com, grain, malt, meal, or flour appear heavier, than it would have been without fuch mixture, fraud, or deceit 5 every perfon, being lawfully convi&ed of any of the faid frauds or deceits by the oath of one credible witnefs before any juftice of the peace (hall for every fuch offence forfeit all fuch corn, grain, malt, meal, or flour, one half thereof to the ufe of the informer, and the other half to the ufe of the poor of the parifli where fuch offence (hall have been committed, and alfo the fum of forty (hillings, to be levied by diftrefs and (ale of fuch offenders goods; one moiety of which faid fum of forty (hillings (hall be to the informer, and the other moiety thereof to the ufe of the poor of the pariih as afordaid; arid in cafe no f^cli dill refs can be had, then

every



Ttx fimmtwtb rnJ mghitml Y*ars wf George IIL A. D. mrtry fucb ofiendcr (ball by warrant wukr the hmd aad Hal of fuch jttfoac be feat to tbe hoafc of correction, there to Ctop* 17* he whipped and keg* to hard labour for £uck fptee of time, not exceeding three weeks, u fach jdtiec of the peace ftafl direA.

tinned to	And	be	it	father cnafted by the authority afote-

94 June 1800, &d* That thefiud a& and ope other *A for amending the &c u G. 3. c. fame, paled in the fifteenth aad fixteenth yean of his pre-£ 9- lent Majefty, and every dnfi in both tbe (aid afts, except as herein amended, fhaU eontixme in force for two pears from the twenty fourth day of June, one thoafand fovea hundred and feventy eight, and to the end of the next ftf-fion of parliament.

A TAJJtE

A

TABLE

Of the ASSISE of BREAD,

In Pounds, Ounces, and Drachms, Avoirdupoife Weight.'

Note, The Ounce is divided into Eight Drachms, calculated upon the real Produce of one Quarter of Wheat, viz. Thirty-feven Stone Seven Pounds.

Price of One Quarter.

Penny

Loaf.

L	8.	d.
i	IO	o
i	lo	6
i	11	o
i	11	6
i	12	o
i	12	6
i	*3	o
i	*3	6
i	*4	o
i	*4	6
i	l5	0
l	lS	6
i	16	o
i	16	6
i	*7	o
i	17	6
i	18	o
i	18	6
i	>9	o
i	l9	6
2	o	o
2	o	6
2	i	o
2	i	6

Vol.VI.

lb. oz. dr. pts.

4 Penny Loaf.			6 Penny Loaf.			1.2 Penny Loaf.		
lb.	.07.	dr. pts.	lb.oz.		dr. pts.	lb.(	DZ.dr.pts.	
5	*3		8	12	o	J7	8	0
5	11		8	9		ll	*3	34?
5	IO	*44	8	7	Sri-	16	*4	7t?
5	8	7?	8	5		16	10	5t
5	7	4	8	3	2	16	6	4
5	6		8	i	* J f  *TT	16	2	3*
5	4	6tf	7		*tt	15		4jV
5	3	4*t	7	>3	*44	>5	10	5*4
s	2		7	u	4'*t		7	°rV
5	1	»i£4	7	9	m	*5	3	5?4
5	O	o	7	8	o	15	0	0
4	H	64?	7	6	*44  5t	H	12	4»
4	>3	6?	7	4		H	9	
4	12	5!t	7	3	°4?	*4	6	>rr
4	I 1	5't	7	i	4tV	14	3	°TT
4	io Si		7	o	o	14	0	O
4	9	5 T9	6	*4	4 A o4?	13	!3	
4	8	544	6	*3		13	10	*44  3tt
4	7	6^4  74V	6	11	5't	!3	7	
4	6		6	io	*4?	13	4	5t4
4	6	o	6	9	o	13	2	0
4	5	1 /t	6	7	5l4	12	«5	3rr
4	4		6	6	3*	12	12	Ter  314
4	z3	3«	6	5	>44	12	10	

Digitized by Googje

Vbefiventeentk and eighteenth Tears of George III.

t	:s

•	O	w O r^NO	u-xVO1	O **« cn w* 0 c* vr»0 *** O wO ^ ^ */■* « 0	^« O vo	n* n	*-• O t->	+ eo ro n «* « •+

•	00	*n«o»- y* M	O 00 NO ^ N O	*o *- 0x00 NO *■$•<*>*-* 0 + *0'** O 00 r^VO	O	+	O	OxOO i^NO tr> ^ to M

N	mmm	~	m	■_	•>••*•**►•	***■*«►***

O

^ NNNH----«-.-m°oOOOOOOOO OO^OOOOO^ChOSON Oxoo 00 00 00 00 00 oo 00 00 00 00 00 00

J	t	*»	^	J"	Jr*	ota

w of-I»	to|r	xotM	H	-^■♦>0	®00*<4*	r>"	o^C'	-*>^♦>-cj» %■* ww

.* ONO U-x C*> CO C* (1 COM N CO^*Th U-nXO O — M tJ-VO O ~ tJ-VO O M vrx O m U-> O pcO — ^ O C^VO n vrx *H i^n »o O

•s

g -^M ^ o i*x >+ *0 M *0 o Ox 00 t^NO	~	O	O	^ ~ O Ox 0x00 t**VC VO v*x ’x*’ w> *0 M N <-» m

59 VO VO V|> XO

•	_h>	_*r p> .►* _h ojv. o^-	oh _h	f>.	|o»

5	^oH*n**	ho^KJ^o^h*®*-** Hr* *h»	^to--JooW	-	*	•	«**	o	-	Jao.-a|* ►•	.	*"	-*''*

il Ux O m *or^ — *<*-	-	*<#- c-* c* ^ « ’•*• 0 crsr^NVO ^ vo vo ent^ roO ^ O M n vo mO im n o*^^vo «o O VO <0

*tf

h$ N »i rn	M«-	OOCX	0X00 00 t^VQ VO »h »h 't- <t h) t<l N M C* ~ ►*• 0 O IA ^	^ K! fO fO N M M — M

© ~ *■« ~ ^ — — l"r~'",,,",*-» — >*,«** — *■* — •*►* lS xJ-'t + ^-fArorr.tnrAfArnhiffirorr, rAfArriffifr, ffitAfr, r^forr. to^rfirAfArA rAN M M N N M N Ci M M M M M

«$

A,

l£

•o

N

O

A

*6 o vo o vo avoovAovoo'oo'oovoovoovco'O oe oe ovo oo oe oe ovo oc ovo ovo ovo ovo

•5 « m	i^vc	vo	h* NX oo ox 0*0 O	m «xr>-^ us **<0 vo t>tr r^OD OOOVC^O 0	*■«	w N cneo^-^*

—3 NM M M M ft N ar M N M4 N* «*4 « M N *» M M N* Kt M M K NT *Vf H 9^ N M t* M M MT M ^ tn tf> «***	«*> CO C^

c u4 c -

6 o

S-'is

c o

® i s i s

<n

Price of one

Quarter.		
1.	8.	d.
3	5	0
3	5	6
3	6	Q
3	6	6
3	7	0
3	7	6
3	8	0
3	8	6
3	9	0
3	9	6
3	>o	0
3	10	6
3	11	0
3	II	6
3	I*	0
3	12	6
3	*3	0
3	>3	6
3	l4	0
3		6
3	'5	0
3	!5	6
3	16	0
3	16	6
3	ll	0
3	*7	6
3	18	0
3	18	6
3	19	0
3	19	6
4	0	0
4	0	6
4	1	0
4	1	6
4	2	0
4	2	6
4	3	0
4	3	6
4	4	0
4	4	
4	5	0
4	5	6
4	6	0
4	6	6
4	7	0
4	7	6

Penny

Loaf.

ib.oz dr.pt*.

Z 2

4 Penny Loaf.

R> ox.dr.pt*.

*	I 1 Oti

*	io yi-f? 2 *o 3H

*	IO Ory-f

2 9

2 9	3?*

29 It7T

2 8 7»tt

2 8 4fSl

283 f Yt

280

2 7

-* o j 5 * ■* *

•3 * 37i

2 6 7h ' '28

6 2 6 2 6 2 5 2 5 2 5 2 5 2 4

2 4

2 4

2 4

2 3 2

2

2

2

2

2

2

2

2

A 2

2

2

2

2

2

2

2

2

2

2Tf

07?

6jT

27

o’.ft

6i|

I 2<4

4;r

ar,

ITT

7tV

5 ITT

»T

0

6,Vr

i/r

7TT

J»

4{Vt

2T

1	nsV

7^ i1 ® 9

*iZ'

2ITT

l¥T

O

6 Penny Loaf.

Ib.oz dr pts.

o

o

'5

*5

*4

!4

*3

*3

3 12 3 12 3 *2 3 11 3 11 3 10 3 10

41 r

5	rr

6 2:t°7

7*t

2 *JL 5 « 39

O

4l|

* T r

5i

7#

4t?

■v

6tt

3ri^

o

5,?,

2*V

74?r

4,*r

'M

6;«

4ttt

6x

9 9 9 8 8 8 7 7 6 6 6 5 5 5 4 4 4 3 3 3 2 2 2 2 1 I I O

o o O O

355

12 Penny Loaf.

lb. oz. dr. pts. [8	1	1I4

8 o x‘,4! 7 15 2 nr 7 *4 2ji7fr 7 13 2tt 7 12 3f 7 I1 4 rV

7 IO 5 r-f T

7 ?

7

7

7

7

7

7

7

7 **

/

7 7 7

ItV.

6-

+ -Vt

7^r

x«»

47f

• (56 zi<rT

3	IT?

3,'t

0J4

6i4

4	ITT

o I 8

2tt

8	6 r-f$

8 o

uV

2 4r

o TP

7 6

5 4

3 3

2	2	T

o o

4 o

ott

6 I5 2rrT°i 6 J4 4A.

6 13 6rf 6 13 Or*

6 12 3Vr

6 ii 5/t

6 11 orfr

6 IO 2$f

^95 690

8 2'rS?

7

7

6

5

5

4

4

3

2

5^

°iVT

IS

*«,

o

3’Vj 6‘,4

* 'H

5 it,

Of^T

4tt

o

Digitized by

)ogk

rr

Price of one Quarter.

1.	8.	d,
4	8	o
4	8	6
4	9	o
4	9	6
4	10	o
4	io	6
4	11	o
4	u	6
4	12	o
4	12	6
4	*3	o
4	*3	6
4	f4	o
4	!4	6
4		o
4	f5	6
4	16	o
4	16	6
4	>7	o
4		6
4	18	o
4	18	6
4	19	o
4	!9	6
5	o	o

Penny		4 Penny	
Loaf.		Loaf.	
lb.oz.dj^ts.	lb	.02.	dr.ptfe
	i	>5	6,‘r
	i		5'**
	i	*5	3tt
	i		*;%
	t	*5	
	JbH		7>Vr
		*4	6.V
	t	*4	5t V
	>	H  H	2tt
	ii:	H	°*T
•	l •	13	7'r?;
	« »3		6i4
	t	*3	577
	I	!3	3t*
	1	n	« * 0 6 2 J 5 I
	1	*3	,T
	1	!3	°''VT
	1	12	6|t
	1	12	StI
	1	12	4*
	1  1	12  12	fiY1,
	I	12	im
	I	12	0

6 Penny Loaf.

lb. oz. c

2	>5	5*	5	*5
2	*5	3«  *T*	5	*4
2			5	*4
2	*4	7 .Vs; S-i 1	; 5	x3
2	H		15	*3
2	>4	3<Vr ,	5	12
2	H	i-v : 5		12
2	*3	7i«. 51t I	5	11
2	J3		15	11
2	!3	3A !	! 5	10
2	>3	*TT	i 5	10
2	12	7 Vt	; 5	9
2	12	5jt	5	9
2	12	3 i	5	8
2	12		5	8
2	11	7*rlT	*	7
2	11	6	5	7
2	11	4.VV	5	7
2	11	2v*	5	6
2	11	°'T	5	6
2	10	6*	5	5
2	10	9 77V 3tt	5	5
2	10		5	4
2	10	ii^	5	4
2	10	0	5	4

12 Penny Loaf.

lb.oz.dr.pts.

7rf 3 a

6\«t

2 «T

7«Vt 6544

7>t?

J--#r

4tt

«V

3 Vt o

A TABLE.

A

TAB L E

Of ASSIZE for WHITE BREAD, Calculated at 2—3 of the HOUSEHOLD ASSIZE*

Price.

J. 8. d.

1 10 o 1106

111	o

in 6

112	o

1 12	6

1 1? o 1 13 6 1 14 o 1 14 6 115 o 1 15 6 1160 I 16	6

117 o 1 17 6 1 18 o 1 18	6

1 19 o 1 19 6 200 206

2 Penny 4 Penny Loaf.	Loaf.

lb.	oz.	4r.	lb,	, oz.	dr.
1	!5	oj	3	H	*7
1	*4	47	3	?3	'j
I	14		3	12	>7
I	>3	4i	3	M	1
I		>7	3	10	*T
I	12	jH	3	9	37
1	12	2	3	8	8
I	11	6*	3	7	
I	11	3 5	3	$	7
1	11	°7	3	6	I
1	10	5t	3	S	2|
1	»o	2*	3	4	4y
1	9	75	3	3	*5
1	9	4t	3	3	1
I	9	2	3	2	4
1	8	7	3	1	6
1	8	4t	3	1	°f  37
I	8	'<1	3	0	
I	7	77	2	*5	
I  1	7  7	if	2  2	*5  H	2  5-1
I	7		2	H	Ot
I	6	6	2	»3	4t
1	6	3 It	2	12	7\i

6 Penny Loaf.

lb	. oz.	dr.
5	«3	*4
5	11	6t
5	10	3t
5	8	Si
5	7	4,
5	6	<4
5	4	6\
5	3	47
5	2	2t
5	K	*4
5	O	0
4 '4		61
4	*3	6f
4	12	5f
4	(1	64
4	10	Sr
4	9	Sr
4	8	Si
4	7	64
4	6	7
4	6	0
4	5	
4	4	2f
4	3	3ti

12 Penny Loaf.

lb.	oz. dr	
1 I	10	Sr
II	7	4t
I I	4	5
1 I	1	3y
IO	lS	
JO	12	*T
10	9	Si
JO	7	1
JO	4	St
JO	2	3 Sr
10	0	0
9	!3	5i
9	11	4t

9	9	3j

9	7	4f

9	5	21

9	3	2*

9	1	3r

8	15	4|

8	136

8	120

8	10	2j'

8	8	4}

8	6	7f

Digitized by v^ooQle

35*

	Price.	
L	8.	d.
2	2	0
2	2	6
2	3	0
2	3	6
2	4	0
2	4	6
2	5	0
2	5	6
2	6	0
2	6	6
2	7	0
2	7	6
2	%	0
2	8	6
2	9	0
2	9	6
2	lO	0
2	IO	6
2	11	0
2"	II	6
2	12	0
2	12	6
2	*3	0
2	*3	6
2	*4	0
2	, r4	6
2	*5	0
2	!5	6
2	16	0
2	16	6
2	*7	0
2	17	6
2	iB	0
2	iB	6
2	*9	0
2	19	6
3	0	0
3	0	6
3	1	0
3	1	6
3	2	0
3	2	6
3	3	0
3	3	6

	2 Penny		4 Penny		
	Loaf.			Loaf.	
lb.	oz.	dr.	lb.	oz.	dr.
1	6	<4	2	12	34
1	5	7f-	2	11	7t
1	5	s;?	2	11	34
1	5	3jt	2	10	74
1	5	‘1	2	10	3i
1	4	7t	2	9	7!i
1	4	5$	2	9	3 j
1	4	4	‘ 2	8	8
1	4	*4	2	8	5
1	4	Oi*T	2	8	>4
1	3	64	2	7	5?
1	3	5f	2	7	2i
1  1	3  3	3f, 11 8	2  2	6  6	7  3t
1	3	OT	3	6	4
1	2	6f	2	5	5$
1	2	5j	2	5	2i
1	2	3*	2	4	74
1	2	2 5	2	4	44
1	2	o'{	2	4	>*
1	1	7i*	2	3	74
1	1	6*	2	3	45
1	1	4f !	2	3	>1
1	1		2	2	7
1	1	* IT	2	2	44
1	1	1	2	2	2
1	0	7*	2	1	74
1	0	64	2	1	5
1	0	5i	2	. 1	2!
1	0	4,	2	1	0
1	0	a*|	2	0	5'ri
1	0	>4	2	0	37
1	0	o!4	2	c	•4
0	>5	7;4	1	*5	7a
0	'5	6 1	1	’5	5
0	15	51*	1	,5‘	2’!
0	'5	4t	I	*5	r *  Ogr
0	lS	34	1	*4	7
0	>5	a,V •	1	H	4f
0	lS	‘4	1	H	4
0	l5	o,V	1	>4	c4
0	!4	7 V	1	*3	<1 * °1T
0	J4	64	1	*3	5
0	*4	Si 1	1	l3	3

6 Penny Loaf.			12 Penny Loaf		
lb.	oz.	dr.	lb.	oz.	dr.
4	2	5*	8	5	*4
4	1	7	8	3	6
4	1	o4	8	2	;i
4	0	*4	8	0	
3	*5	5	7	M	2
3	*4	7	1 7	13	6
3	*4	»4	7	12	3
3	■3	4r	7	11	
3	12	74-	7	9	7,
3	12	>4	7	8	3»
3	11	44	7	7	1
3	10	74	7	5	7
3	10	*4	7	4	5j
3	9	54	7	3	3f
3	9	1	7	2	3
3	8	44	7	1	
3	8	0	7	0	0
3	7	34	6	14	7
3	6	7	6	»3 ®T	
3	6	*4	6	12	ST
3	5	6f	6	11	5f
3	5	4	6	10	5i
3	4	«4	6	9	5,
3	4	*!	6	8	5|
3	3	64	6	7	5!
3	3	3	6	6	6
3	2	7a	6	5	64
3	2	34	6	4	7
3	2	0	6	4	0
3	1	4	6	3	
3	-I		6	2	•I
3	O	54	6	1	3,
3	.O	3	6	0	4t
2	ls	64	5	*5	Si
2	*5	St	f	14	7t
2	*5	c4		14	oi
2	*4	St	5	13	
2	*4	*4	5	12	5,
2	*3	7	5	11	6}
2	*3	4i	5	11	of
2	J3	t	5	10	if
2	12	6	5	9	4f
2	12	34	J	8	7,
2	12	°i 1	5	8	*4

Digitized by v^ooQle

»*





t*w* wwwu^wwwwwwviwuoi r*

M

^	M	»■	•» M»	M M	m	*•	m	m	m	V*	m	m	•

t* vn 4». 4» u* o* fc> t* « ~ O O'O'O 00 00-J On Onv^i + t» n n n o OC'O (ft vi ON 0\^i V/» 4t 4k

p-

OnO	On	0	On	O*.	On O On	O	On O	On	O	CnO	On	O	On	C	On O	On O	On	O	OO	On	O	On	O	Os	O	On	O	On O	On O	On O On O

*	■	,t	y*~	■	----- ‘	  ■

o o O O O 0' O 0 OOOOOOOO. OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO'OOOOOOO

o o	—	~	«	H	*■« .•-* .*-	~	« —	•-	>-	~	*-	M	i)	h*	to	*J «*	N *•*	n	v»	**	KUUtUJWUWUJ UJW^	4.	4*. 4*.	4*. 4*. 4^	N

vi vj	n	O	—	l^u,u>	4 4^ vi	Ovj	O	0	«-	M	M u	4 4	^	O	*-	—	On">J	Q	m	».	nu4	Cl.

U-Oi^L-t-Olo*^!-	-!--cj(-«|oo'Oi*<Oi«.M	~	<^oW«	C>w.»;«(4-a<	’<i|kl,!h --td 4	“-«c|'■»■►*&•»"< ►* O

^ ^	4-4	4-	‘M «T	ofc«»"	4	-H

,_____________ - - ■ ------------------------------ » - ----------- :

---------------------------------------------------------------------------. &

Vi v, On On O^ On On On Cn'O ^4 'vl "4 "-fr OO 00 00 00 00 0© O ,00\0'ClOOOOOO'-*‘"N«NNNNtJ(*»* N

rjv'O o ►- '^» w vi Ov4 O •- n -4 vj vj o	O	•-> v>* 4w On^I O NUvi OO hwvi On O n v-» vj ~	£-

«4^«4m<4ko|>i «Jo*	i«i-o<^wiiiOi-o|»	*-h-w^<-a	c*-0***	c^ui^eo-.-.	-cj	,;c4»«m	«ojgc	4-tc- w|*~i**	•

“i"



a, §



to m w NN#»^<^»Njs»'^*-4.4k4k4».»-n^iunvvi On On On 0\^ ^ ■%»

O 0 - - ~

CnnJ M »- -fc* v^» vj *- M JN OnO v>j >-n vj m 114 O. O M -* OO

Mjr.	kJJ"	S)|«	+4»	wlU«<.	"’U.	N	b».M

•• M - M M M	O

> «e 00 va vonoooo--^ p

On

f2*

s i

_ jj a

l O O **•* O' ^ W n<\ s| w w v/i O 04* n^» i» o» Ox O u* vi o ^* Os S*

l-wkw| NU^.>;«*,IJW]:. 4Jw C?4"	•M-'tw tt	H'’MM^4MH«0x.Wk^^ofwtw«r*'O(u»>*|V>4r^	*	^

4-4x4^^4^4A4i^4x4“^4fc-ffc>*fk-f*‘41*'4fc4*‘-tk--f-'-+“-f-‘4---4“-4*4*‘4x-f*4k4k'-fi-v^»^^i^vvi>«r1\v-»xvi vi vi	vi

«m m n b»^N^v^»4^-fk-v^*^ OnOn On'vi vj 00 w\0 VO OOw"N^w^44vi 00*-hnnw44viO| On*^ 4* VI N Nvn « u* ^ NW1 «-* ^ O ON^ On fj - NV,	-	N-ri	mi	--o	to	ON	10	C\4o	04k	«•	o«»	MM4	-	ON	OH	-	CN^

to.** to,*	H«	to,k»	u*	*4 NK *>«.; k>*m *iW. *	+#♦•

cr

TJfc Jcve*tRnih fad eighteenth Tears *f Gtorge III.

Price, t 8. d.

4	6	0
4	6	6
4	7	0
4	7	6
4	8	0
4	8	6
4	9	0
4	9	6
4	10	0
4	IO	6
4	11	0
4	11	6
4	12	0
4	12	6
4	*3	0
4	*3	6
4	>4	0
4	*4	6
4	15	0
4	*S	6
4	it	0
4	16	6
4	17	0
4	17	6
4	18	0
4	18	6
4	19	0
4	19	6
5	9	9

2 Penny Loaf.

lb. oz. dr.

0	10	6?
0	10	
0	10	Si
0	10	m I
0	10	M
0	10	4i
0	10	3 i
0	10	3’t
0	10	
0	10	
0	10	2
0	10	
0	10	I
0	10	°H
0	10	■°Sw
0	9	7 i
0	9	7/t
0	9	7
0	9	6*
0	9	6i
0	9	5v
0	9	5|
0	9	4tJ
0	9	4.i
0	9	41
0	9	3t
0	9	315!
0	9	3
0	9	27

4 Penny Loaf.

lb. oz. dr.

5	5f
5	
5	3t
5	
5	•7
5	c7
4	7!
4	
4	5$
4	5
4	4
4	3®
4	2
4	*7
4	
3	7|
3	7i
3	6
3	5*  4;
3	
3  3	2?  7
3	Mi
3	
3	Ox  1
2	71
2	6I
2	6<S
2	5j

6 Penny Loaf.

lb.	OZ.	dr.
2	O	4i
2	O	3
2	O	
?	O	0
1	15	
I	15	S
1	15	3*
1	15	H
1	15	
1	14	7!
1	14	6
I	14	54
I	14	H
1	14	z4
I	H	
1	13	7*
1	13	6I
I	13	5
	13	34
1	13	2i
I	13	lx  1
1	13	O
I	it	6i
1	12	54
1	12	4+
1	12	H
1	12	2i
1	12	4
I	12	0

12 Penny	
	Loaf.
lb.	oz. dr.
4	1 ^
4	0 6
4	0 3
4	0 0
3	15 5
3	i> *
3	14 7
3	14 4i
3	14 ij
3	13 7
3	13 4
3	13 *i
3	12 6J
3	1* 4i
3	12
3	n 7
3	11 5i
.3	11 2
3	10 7f
3	i° 5
3	10
3	10 0
3	9 5*
3	9 Si
3	9 1
3	8 64
3	8 4
3	8 2*
3	8 Q

CHAP,

>y Google

The feventeentb and eighteenth Tears of George III.

CHAP. XIX.

jin A3 for the better Prefervation of Fijb in Rivers, Lakes, and Inland Waters.

361 A. D.

1777-8.	.

WHEREAS through a defed of the laws now in being there is not a fufficicnt provifion made againft taking and deftroying fifh in rivers, lakes, and inland waters; whereby many perfons are tempted to negled their trades and other occupations, and to ufe moil deftru&ive means of catching and killing them by damning rivers, and taking and deftroying the breeding fifh with nets, fpears, gins, and other engines, whereby, if longer permitted, the feveral fpecies of fuch fifh are likely to be utterly annihilated in moft parts of this kingdom, and his Majcfty’s peaceable and induftrious fubje&s are expofed to imminent danger of having their houfes, offices, and haggards fet on fire by the dangerous praftice of fifhing at night by lights 5 for remedy* whereof, be it ena&ed by the King's moft excellent Ma-jefty by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpi-ritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and ^fter the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy eight, no perfon or perfons whatfo-ever, not qualified, except as herein mentioned, fhall have, keep, or ufe any ney, leape, pifehe, gaff, fpear, or lyfter, or other engine, boat or curragh, (angling rods with lines and hooks excepted) other than the makers or fellers thereof, and the owners of rivers or of parts of rivers for the time being; and that it fhall and may be lawful for any owner of any river or fifhery, or of part of a river or fifhery, and every perfon or perfons by any owner or owners of any river or fifhery, or of any part of a river or fifhery, for that . purpofe appointed, to feize, detain, and keep to his and their own ufe and ufes all and every fuch cott, boat, curragh, or float, nett, leape, pifehe, gaff, fpear, or lyfter, and other engine for catching fifh, except as before excepted, which he or they fhall find ufed or laid, or in thecuftody or poffeilion of any perfon or perfons whatfoever, not qualified as herein mentioned, fifhing in any river, or inland fifhery, lake, or inland water whatfoever, without the confent of the owner or owners thereof given under their hand ; and for any perfon or perfons whatfoever, being thereunto authorized by warrant under the hand and feal of any juftice of the peace of the fame county, or county of the city or town, in the day time to fearch the houfes, outhoufes, or Ot&cr places, of any perfon hereby prohibited to have, keep,

or

None, unlefs qualified, fhall keep, or ufe net, engine, Ac. (angling rods excepted) fave makers or fellers, and owners of rivers, Ac. as herein.

Digitized by UooQle

To lilre fifh in pond, caoaJ, Ike. wherein no property, fined not under 5I. nor above lol. or imprifoncd, a* herein.

FHMnjj by night with light*, engine, Sec (favc rods and lines) not above 51 nor under al.

The JkvMeeHtb and dgbteeatb Tears vf George III. or life the fame, as (hall be fufpe&ed to hare or keep in hit poffcffion or cuftody, any boat or curragh, nett, leape, pifehe, gaff, fpear, or lyfter, or other engine, except as before excepted, and the fame, and every or any of them, to feize, detain^ and keep, to his and their own life,or ufes, or otherwife to cut in pieces and deftroy as things by this law prohibited to be kept by perfons of their condition.

II.	And be it further cna&ed by the authority afore-faid, That if any perfon or perfons after the laid twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feveo-ty-eight, (hall lull, take, or dellroy, any carp, tench, bream, roach, perch, eel, pike, trout, cray fi(h, or any other

in or out of any pond, pool, canal, or (lew, wherein the fame are kept, and wherein he or they have no property, without the confent or licence of the owner or owners of fuch pond, pool, canal, or (tew, and be thereof convi&ed on the oath of one credible witnefs before one j office of the peace of the county or iurifdi&ion, where the fad (ball be committed, (hall forfeit for every fuch offence a fum not lefs than five pounds, nor more than ten pounds, at the difcrc* tion of fuch jultke | which forfeiture (hall go to the informer, profeentor, or other perfons, as the owner of fitch pond or (lew (hall chufe, to be levied by diffrefs and tale of the goods and chatties of fuch perfon fo offending againft this a& by warrant of fuch juffices; and for want of fuch diffrefs the offender (hall be comgutted to the county gaol, there to remain without bail dir mainprize for any time not exceeding fix calendar months, nor lefs than three calendar months, as his committal by fuch juffices (hall fpecify.

III.	And in order to deter idle and disorderly perfons

from fifhing by night with lights, boats, curraghs, (pears, fnares, netts, gins, or any engine whatfoever, be it cna&ed by the authority aforefaid, that if any perfon whatfoever (hall be convicted on the oathof one credible witftefsbefore any jufficeof the peace of the county or jurifdi&ion, where the offence (hall be committed, of fifhing by night with lights, or boats, cur-raghs, cotta, or floats, with fpears, netts, fnarcs, gins, or any engine whatfoever, (except with rods and lines) fuch perfon fo convided (hall forfeit any fum not more than five pounds, nor lefs than two pounds, at the diferetion of fuch juftice, to be levied off the goods and chatties of fuch offender by the warrant of the faid juffices, which forfeiture (hall be paid to the informer or profecutor x aad in cafe ao diffrefs (hall be found, fuch offender (hall be committed to the county gaol by fuch juftice, there to remain without bail or main-prize any time not exceeding fix calendar months, nor lefs than three calendar months, as his committal by fuch juftice (hall fpecify.	III. And

ilir Jeventehith and aghteenth Tears of George III.	363

IV.	And whereas the fi(h in the rivers of this kingdom A. 1). are frequently poifoned and deftroyed by throwing wafte, 1777*8. dye fluffs, lime, flax, hetnp, and otner poifonou* and hox- Chap. 19. ious ingredients into the faid rivers: for remedy whereof, be v—-~v——/ it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That no perfon or per- No noxious fons whatfoever fhall from and after the pafling of this aft J5^^cfnt6 throw or empty any wafte, dye fluffs, lime, flax, hemp, or ^Hver1; pe^ any other kind of noxious or poifonous fubftance into any nally 51 or im-river; and if any perfon fhall fo offend, he, (he, or they p* if^ned as fhall forfeit for every fuch offence the fum of five pounds, ^ercio*

to be levied of the goods and chatties of fuch offender, to be recovered in fuch manner, as the other penalties prescribed by this aft are recoverable; one moiety of fuch penalty to be given to the poor of the parilh wherein fuch offence fhall be committed, and the other to the firft real informer of fuch offence ; and in cafe no diftrefs fufficicnt to anfwer the feid penalty can be found, that the offender fhall iu fuch cafe be committed to the county jail, there to remain without bail or mainprizc for any time not exceeding three calendar months, as his committal by fuch justices, as fhall adjudge the faid penalty, fhall fpecify.

V.	And whereas great quantities of trouts are taken and No trout killed in the feveral rivers running into and fjrom the feveral takdi (angling lakes in this kingdom from the firft day of Oftober to the

firfl day of January, which is the feafon, during which to i^jan. trouts depofit their (pawn in the faid feveral rivers: be it penalty 5I. or ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, that no perfon whatfo- unprifbncd. fever fhall km, take, or deftroy any trout by the means of dams or fifh houfeS, commonly called fifh ponds, or by tiets or other engines, (angling excepted) from the firft day of O&ober to the firft of January; and that every perfon fo offending in this refpetl fhall forfeit the fum of five pounds for each offence 5 the half to be paid to the poor of the parifh wherein fuch offence (hall be committed, and the other to the informer; faid penalty to be recovered Or levied in the manner before mentioned in this aft; and in cafe no diftrefs fufficient to anfwer the faid penalty lhall be found, the offender fhall in fuch cafe be committed to the county gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprise for any time not exceeding three calendar months, as his committal by fuch juftice, as fhall adjudge the faid penalty,

(hall fpecify.

VI.	And whereas in the river Bandon falmon fifh are in Propriteors of good feafon the whole ye*r, except in the months of No-

vember, December, January, and February ; be it ena&ed £ hcrein^with-by the authority aforefaid, That proprietors of fifheries on out penalties, faid river, their heirs or affigiis, fhall have liberty at all times, from the twentieth of March to the twentieth of October in each year to take with nets, or in any other legal

manner.

Digitized by CiOOQle

None to fUh with nets in Loughneagh, fee. from 12 i\ug. to I Jan. nets, &c. forfeited and 5l.

Pams, &rc. to detiro jr fa!-mon fry, (hall forfeit 5I,

Conflable, &c not executing warrant, fined not above $!•

The feventemth and eighteenth Tears of George III. manner, all fuch falmon fifh without incurring any penalty impofed by any former a& of Parliament.

VII.	Whereas the filheries of Loughneagh, Lougherne, and of other loughs, and of the feveral rivers flowing thereto and therefrom, are greatly injured by large draught nets with ground ropes and Ankers drawn therein from the twenty-fifth day of Augufl to the twenty-fifth day of December, by perfons pretending to fifh for pollens : be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall not be lawful for any perfon or perfons on any pretence whatfoever to fifh with draught or other nets, in the faid loughs or rivers, or any of them, or in any of the bays thereof from the twelfth day of Augufl until the firft day of January in any year ; and if any perfon or perfons fhall herein offend, and be thereof convi&ed by the oath of one or more credible wit-nefs or witneffes before any juflice of the peace, fuch perfon or perfons ihall forfeit the nets and other implements ufed by him, and alfo five pounds for every fuch offence ; which fum the faid juflice of the peace is hereby impowered to levy by his warrant; and for want of diflrefs for this purpofe fhall commit tach of the offenders to prifon for anytime not exceeding fix months

VIII.	And whereas great quantities of falmon fry are obflru&ed from returning to the fea, and deflroyed at the tads of mill-firearm by means of dams and other obftrufti-ons made acrofs the dreams under the water wheels of faid mills, which cannot be done without the confent or knowledge of the proprietors, millers, or principal a&ing perfons therein : be it enadled by the authority aforefaid. That if any fuch dams or obftru6lions are difpovered, or any implement or inflrument ufed at faid places to qbftru& or deftroy the falmon fry, the proprietor, miller, or principal a&ing perfon of fuch mill, where fuch dams or obfiru&ions are made, or fuch implements found, (hall on proof thereof by one or more credible witnefs or witneffes before any juflice of the peace forfeit the fum of five pounds, to be recovered in fuch manner as the other penalties ip this arc rp-coverable.

IX.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That if any conflable or other officer, to whom the juflices of the peace are by this a& impowered or dire&ed to iffue their warrants for the purpofes herein before mentioned, fhall re-fufe or delay to execute fuch warrants, the juflices iffuing fuch warrants are hereby impowered to fine fuch conflable or officer for every fuch offence any fum not exceeding five pounds, to be levied by diflrefs and fale of the offender’s goods, and for want of fufficient diflrefs to commit fuch conflable or officer to prifon for any time not exceeding three months; the laid fine to be levied off the conflable

for

The feventeenth and eighteenth Yeats George III. for refilling to execute the warrant by a fpecial con liable,	A. D.

bailiff, or peace officer appointed by the juilice for that 1777-8. purpofe.	Chap. 19.

X.	A nd whereas there is a very pernicious pra&ice all

round the wcfl and north well coafts of Ireland of tanning Sea filh nets -or barking of nets, which pra&ice is not only of little effect “d lines cured in regard to the firft intention of preferying faid net9, but	**

on the contrary of infinite detriment to the growth of young trees, and deilru&ion of plantations, through the villainous-practice of dripping trees merely for the bark thereof in order to tan or bark nets for the herring, falmon, and other filheries, not with Handing there is a much more efficacious method of curing of nets, lefs expenfive, and in no lhape detrimental to plantations, by curing faid nets with tar and, oil, which nets fo cured may lie for a month wet without getting damage, whereas bark-cured nets mull be dried daily, or they will rot: be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That all nets for taking herrings, falmon, or any fea filh, and all filhing lines cured after the palling of this a£t, (hall be cured with tar and oil, and not barked or tanned, under penalty of the forfeiture of all fuch nets to the informer upon convi&ion before a juilice of the peace.

XI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,	on

That all nets found tanned, and not tar and oil cured, the owner of being proof (hall lie on the owner of faid nets, that they were made before, made prior to the paffing of this ad, or that they are nets

that were made and cured before brought to the aforefaid well or north weft coaft ; in failure of fuch proof all fuch nets to be forfeited as aforefaid.

XII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afor*- Barking (aid, That in cafe any fifherman, net-maker, or any other trees for tan-perfon or perfons, (hall be found barking of any tree or

trees for the purpofe of tanning of nets or any other pur- authority)*^ pofe clan deft indy or without proper authority, fuch often- to informer, or der (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of five hnpiifoned. pounds, recoverable before a juftice upon the oath of one credible witnefs, wholly to the ufe of the informer 'a9 aforefaid ; and in default of payment to be committed by a juftice’s warrant to the county gaol for any time not exceeding fix months, unlefs the faid forfeiture (hall be paid fooner.

XIII.	Provided, That no perfon or perfons (hall be con- profecutions vi&ed of any offence againft this ftatutc, unlefs theprofe- in .three months cution be commenced within three calendar months after *ftcr dfente. fuch offence (hall be alledged to be committed.

XIV.	Provided alfo, That it (hall and may be lawful for Appeal to any perfon, convifled before fuch juftice of any offence next feffions, agaiuft this ftatute, to appeal to the next general quarter on rccoSm"

fcffions

Digitized by Google

Tbe fewMkeMtb <mJ mghumtth f§ar$ of George III. feffions of the peace to be held in and for the county or jo-rifdiftion, where the offence fhall be committed} fuch per-fon fo conviftcd entering into recognizance before fuch justices with two Sufficient Securities to be bound in the Sun of ten pounds each, that the perfon So con rifted (hall appear at Such quarter feffions, and abide by the judgment of the court; and in caSe Such judgment of the laid juft ices fhaB be affirmed at the faid quarter feffions, then Such two Sureties, or one of them, (hall pay, over and above the forfeiture adjudged by Such juftices, the ufual and legal fees unto Such officers of the court as fhall be intitled to them, and fhall moreover pay onto the profecutor, over and above the forfeiture adjudged by fuch juft ices, fuch cofts and reasonable charges as the court fhall think fit, to make'amends to ftich profecutor for the trouble and expencet he fhall be at in attending Such appeal,

XV.	Provided alfo, That this aft, or any thing therein oontained, fhall not extend or be conilrued to extend to abridge any fifhermaa, or his apprentice or apprentices lawfully authorized to fifh in navigable rivers or waters with lawful nets and engines; but that every of them fhall and may, according to the laws and orders made and to be made and Settled for the good order, rule, and government •f fuch navigable rivers and waters, ufc the trade of fifh-ing, as they lawfully might have done before the making of this aft, any thing herein contained to the contrary not-withftanding.

XVI.	Provided alfo, That if any perfon or pejrfons whatsoever fhall be filed or profecuted for or by reafon of any matter or thing, which he or they fhall do in purfuance of this aft, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the perfon or perfons, fo fued or profecuted, to plead the general iffue, and to give the Special matter in evidence ; and if the ver-dift fhall pafs for the defendant in fuch aftion, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become noafuit, or Suffer any discontinuance thereof, that in fuch cafe the defendant or defendants fhall have his or thtir treble cofts, which he or they fhall have fhftained by fuch aftion or Suit, for which laid defendant or defendants (hall have the like remedy as in other cafes, where cofts are given to the defendants.

Perp. 32 G. ; XVII. Provided alfo, That this aft fhall continue and be

and jTg V c “*^orcc ^rom ^e twenty-fourth day of June, in the year of

50. f 4.	our Lord one thoufand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight, for

Amended *3, the term of (even years, and until the end of the then next

24 O. 3. €. 40. legion of ParHament, and no longer.

26 G. 3. c. 50.	®

^3 G. 3 c. 50.

zance and twO fuietimin toL each, die.

Not to re-ftraio fUhermen or their ap-ntiers with

Eful uet* as ore.

Defendants may plead general iffue.

CHAP.

7l»	fiventeenihand nghiuntbTtart of Gtaotge III*

'A. D.

CHAP. XXI.

jin AQ to explain and amend an AQ faffed m the third Tear of the Reign of hie prefent Majejly, entitled, An A3 for the better Regulation of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures.

WH E& E A S bjr an a& parted in the third year of Amended the reign of his prefent Majefty, entitled, An a3 x9» 20 ° 3-Jar the better regulation of the linen and hempen manufactures,	q

it is amongft other things enafted, That from and after the c.	^	‘

fit ft day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, every perfon who (hall fell and deliver to any one buyer at one time four or more pecks or any larger quantity or parcel of flax feed or hemp feed for fowing, or in order to be fown, (hall together with every fuck parcel delivered to the buyer in writing a certificate fubferibed by fuch perfon, eXpreffing truly the quantity and price of the feed fo fold, and that the fame was fo fold in order to be fown, and, if the fame fhail be a foreign production, the port from whence the fame was imported, and the name of the country where it grew, and the year of its growth, and, if fuch feed (hall be of the produce of this kingdom, the name of the country where it grew, and the year of its growth, upon pain of forfeiting fuch feed as (hall be fo fold without fuch certificate as aforefaid, or the value or price thereof, and alfo the fum of three pounds for every hogfhead thereof, and fo in proportion for any lefler quantity*; and if any fuch flax feed or hemp feed (hall be of a different growth or age, from what (hall be exprefled in fuch certificate, the perfon that (hall have fold the fame, (hall forfeit the price or full value thereof to the perfon that (hall have bought the fame ; and that from and after the faid firft day of Auguft, ohe thoufand feven hundred and fixty-four, no perfon or perfons (hall fell, or offer to fell, or expofe to fale, any bad, mixed, or damnified flax feed or hemp feed for fowing, or in order to be fown, upon pain of forfeiting fuch feed or the value thereof, and alfo the fum of three pounds fterling for every hoglhead of fuch feed, and fo in proportion for any lefler quantity: and whereas the (aid recited daufes have been attended with inconvenience to the publick, and it is found expedient to repeal the fame; be it ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice fend content of the lords fpiritnal and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the firft day of June next the faid claui’es, and every thing therein contained, Audi be repealed and made null and void.

a	II.	And

Digitized by v^.ooQle

*

3®	The froenteetsth and eighteenth Tears of George III.

A. D.? * II. And for the better regulation of the linen and hemp-1777-8. en manufactures, be it further enafted by the authority Chap. 21. aforefaid, That from and after the firft day of Auguft next v_ —^—— every perfon, who (hall import, or caufe to be imported, Importer of into any port or place in this kingdom any flax feed or e r°rhemp feed, and (hall fell and deliver to any one buyer at one fowing QiaU^ ^me onc or morc hothead or hogdieads of fuch flax feed with every par- or hemp feed for fowing, or in order to be fown, fhall to-cet deliver to	get her with every fuch parcel deliver to the buyer a certifi-

buyer a ccrtifi- ca^e jn waiting (if demanded) fubferibed by fuch perfon, ^kdiequan-" exprefiing truly the quantity and price of feed fo imported tity and price, and fold, and that the fame was fo imported and fold in and to be fown, order to be fown, and the port from whence the fame was the port whence, imported, and the name of the country where it grew, and erowth 'under t^,e 7^ lt* g**0™^ upon pain of forfeiting to the per-penaltics as fun, who fhall have bought the fame, fuch feed as fhall be herein.	fo imported and fold without fuch certificate as aforefaid, or

the value or price thereof, and alfo the fum of three pounds for every hogfhead thereof, and fo in proportion for any Idler quantity, for which certificate the buyer (hall give his receipt in writing to fuch importer 5 and if any fuch flax feed or hemp feed fhall be of a different growth or age, from what fhall be exprefTed in fuch certificate, the perfon, that fhall have fold the fame, fhall forfeit the price or full value thereof, and alfo the further fum of three pounds for every hogfhead thereof, and fo in proportion for any kffer quantity, to the perfon that fhall have bought th$ fame; and that every perfon, except the importer, who fha$ fell and deliver to.any one buyer at one time four or most pecks, or any larger quantity or parcel, of flax feed orheofp feed for fowing, or in order to be fown, fhall together w(th every fuch parcel deliver to the buyer a certificate in writing (if demanded) fubferibed by fuch perfon, exprefling truly the quantity and price of the feed fo fold, and that the fame was fo fold in order to be fown, and the name and place of abode of the perfon from whom he bought the fame, and the name of the country where it grew, and the year of its growth, as certified to him by fuch perfon; and, if fuch feed fhall be of the produce of this kingdom, the name of the country where it grew and the year of its growth, upon pain of forfeiting to the perfon, who fhall have bought the fame, fucK feed as fhall be fo fold without fuch certificate as aforefaid, or the value or price thereof, and alfo the fum of three pounds for every hogfhead thereof and fo in proportion for any lcfTer quantity; for which certificate the buyer fhall give a receipt to the feller, if required ; and if any fuch flax feed or hemp feed fhall be of a different growth or age, from what fhall be exprefled a fuch certificate, the perfon that fhall have fold the fame,

fhall

7he feventeenth apd eighteenth Tears of George III.	369

fhall forfeit the price or full value4 thereof, and alfo the fur-	A. D.

ther fum of three pound* for every hog (head thereof, and fo	1777-8.

in proportion for any leffer quantity, to the perfon that Chap. 21. ihall have bought the fame 5 and that from and after the firit day of Auguft next no perfon or perfons, whether the •importer or others, (hall fell or offer to fell or expofe to fale, any bad, mixed, or damnified flax feed or hemp feed for lowing, or in order to be fowed, upon pain of forfeiting fuch feed, or the value thereof, and alfo a fum not exceeding three pounds, nor lefs than twenty (hillings fterl-Jog, for every hog/head of fuch feed, and fo in proportion for any leffer quantity, to-the perfon or perfons who (hall h^ve bought the fame. ,

III.	Provided* always, That proof of the feed not having Proof of feed

grown, or the crop being infufficient, (hall not be in itfelf ^nfufficicnt oonclufive evidence of fuch feed having been bad, mixed, not conclufive 9 or damnified, fo as to induce any penalty thereby on the io a? to induce importer or feller of (aid feed.	penalty.

IV.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That No bounty from and after the firft day of Auguft next, no bounty (hall^^P01^®1* be paid on any flax feed or hemp feed imported into this affidavit or at-•kingdom, unlefs the importer (hall produce to the colle&or teftation pro-or chief officer, where the feme (hall be imported, an affi- duced of quan-davit or other folemn at teftation of the perfon, who (hall

have (hipped the fame, declaring the quantity fo by him found, and fit (hipped, and that the lame was* of the growth of the fum- for (owing, &c. jner then next preceding, and was at the time of (hipping . good, found, and merchantable flax feed and fit for fowing, to the beft of his judgment; nor unkfe the importer (hall alfo. fwear, or, being a quaker, affirm, that he verily be*

:lieves the before recited affidavit or atteftation to be really and bona fide the affidavit or atteftation of the (hipper of faid feed, and believes the contents of it to be true, and that in cafe he (hall difeover any part of faid flax feed or hemp feed to receive any damage or injury while in his pof-feffion, or by any means to be rendered unfit for fowing,

. that he will not fell the feme for fowing, but will re-export the feme or difpofe thereof for the purpofc of making oil, and that he will not give any falfe certificate to any buyer . of faid feed.

V.	And be it further cnafted by the authority aforefaid, Officer im-That from and after the time aforefaid the collector or chief mediately after

- officer- °f port, into which any importation of flax feed or . hemp feed (hall be made, (hall immediately after the landing (hall convene 3, of the feme, and before payment of the bounty, fummon not importers, and convene, and hq is hereby authorized and impowered fw.ear tu . fo to do, three perfon* (not importers of flax feed) fuch as duc^th^caSu^ be (hall judge bed (killed in flax feed, to whom he is here- at herein, by required and impowered to adminiftci an oath, that they Vol. VI.	A	a	will



Digitized by boodle

per

cafe.

Sold only in laid calks, penalties, at hex cm.

fiwrieemb md eighteenth Teetre af George KT. will lo the heft of their capacity ghre fidUod tful judgment in refpedl to the hiadtoifi nil quality of (bd ibac feed and hemp feed, as* flndl be produced to thens, and dedav* in Mlc manner, whether the feme is or it not Ik for the ptirpofe of fowing \ and that the bud cofye&or or did officer (hall produce to the bud fereral perfone ftsch cafe er cafts of flax feed or hemp feed, as ffoaft be imported al aforefaid; and then (aid perfons Anil repost their jwdgmtsf thereof to the faid oolie&ov os chief officer in writing, with Stair names fubferihed thereto } Mid if in bid report two or more of them (hail declare, that they have stewed all and every calk of the feid flax feed or hemp feed, expreffiog the number exhibited to them, and that they are of opinio^ that the feme i»d*a* and of fcwiad and good quality, and fit for lowing, that then the faid cotfe&or or chief office* foall, and be is hereby required and direfeed to, brand or otherwise mark at of near the bung hole each and every of the faid calks with a mark, expreifing the year and month the fame lhatt have, been ft> infpe&cd ^od approved-of by the feid perfons fe fummoned and convened as ifonfed ; for every which brand or murk the fum of fix pence par calk, andno mote, is to be paid by the importer to the feid ooile&r oc chief officer fa masking or branding the fame ; and that no bounty, g noted by any bvr now in being, fhall be paid to the importer of any ffex feed Or hemp feed* which has no0 hear Mb infpsfeed, wported, branded, or marked asafosebud.

VI.	And be it further eaafeed by the authority afbnt-biid, That from tnd after the time aforafeid no Am feed or hemp feed imported^ after feid time, flndl be fold er expofed to fale for fowing, except in. the caffis- in which tlic feme hath been imported, duly branded or marked in manner as before mendontdmod: if any vender thereof (hall offend herein, or (half fell or expofe to fide any ffix feed or hemp feed in any cafio fa branded or marked, other than the feed actually imported irv the feme, or Abaft fell it any time^ or in any manner, any bad, mixed; or dfexnati-ed flax feed or hemp feed: fee (owing, fuch vender ftttft for every fuch offence forfeit the feid flax, feed os hemp feed dr the value thereof,, and alfo the fum of three pounds for every hogfhead thereof, and fo in proportion for any left quantity, to any perfon who flndl fee for the fame; and if any coUtdar or other officer of the cadorns (haft fo brand r r mark any calk, before the flax feed or bempfetd therein imported fhadl hare been fo infpeeted, and reported to be of feuod or good quality, or if any perfon ov perfons fhafl counterfeit feid brand or mark on any cade or calks, every fuch cuUc&or, offictr, or perfon, (hall for each mrd every

foeh

Tbi f-vemterttih end eighteenth IT tar $ of George III. iueh offence forfeit the foiit of Jen pound* to any period*,, who foafl fue for the hme.

Vil. And whereas, by Mother a6k of parliament pafled ia the third year of the reign of hk prefeat Majefty, entitled, Am a8 for continuing tie encouragement given by former aSe of parliament to the flame* and hempen manvfatfurej, in atoder to encotwage the raffing of flax feud in this kingdom » premium of one fhfiikg a buftell was dire&ed to be paid for emery bafoel of gooch found, merchantable flax feed of the growth of this kingdom, feat on fhipboard from the fuuthera part to the northern part $he*oof, which premium hath not proved effe&d to anfwer the good pnrpofes intended thereby: therefore be it forther eaa£fed by the authority 2s,.P€r bufllCl afofdaid. That for the fpacc of twenty one years, to be com- y^^from puled from thefoid firft day of Auguft, oae thoufand feven Auguft 1778, ouadred and feventy-eight, a premium of two (hillings a hr iound irifli

bufbeli fitall be paid fo* every bufticfl of good, found, clean, {?ax leed (hipped

.	1. ,Vfl e .3 r’ .	6,	f 1 • . •	7	'	fromfouthto

and merchantable ft** loed aS the growth of this kingdom wm^ ag by

foal oa fhipboard from the Southern part of this kingdom 3 o. 3. c. 12.

to the northern part thereof, agreeable to and fubjeft to £ 5*

the fevers! regulations and refbidhoos in the faid recited adt

nmeioned*

VIII. And whereas by another clatdr in the faid recited a& of the third year of hi* prefont Majjefty,a reign, entitled. Am aA fur the better, regulation of the tine* and hempen nutnv-fmSureif k is enabled* that am offences or breaches, committed' of or againfi any claufc. or article in the foid recited mSt contained, except where the fame are thereby particularly appointed to be heard and determined, and except when* the penalty or forfeiture doe* or may exceed in value the fom of fix pounds dealing, fhall and may be heard, and family determioed by the faid tiudees for the time being, or pay on* or more of them, ov by any one or more juftiec or jotfocs of the peace, or ehief magifhate of any city or town corporate, within their icfptrflive jsmfiddions, and that all ofcsoe* or breaches committed of or againd any claufc or article in the foid recited a& contained, where the penalty o* forfeiture dues or may exceed in value the firm of fir pound* fowling, except vrkore the feme are thereby particularly appointed to be heard and determined, fhall and may bo beard and finally determined by the faid tvudees of tbo lines and hempen manufa&ures for the time being, or • any five oc more of then*;, and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the fold federal perfons, thereby impowered to hear aad determine the faid offences, rdpe&ively to ex-anise upon. oith. all and every fuch witnefs and witnueffe**. a* fhall be produced before them refpc&ivdy, which oath they ore thereby impowered rcfjpeArvely to admanider upon 90p enmphrint or information to him oc them made of any A a 2	offence

Digitized by v^ooQle

3 G 3 c. 34 f. 70, 17. repealed as to power*! to truf-tee* or magi-(Irates, &c.

Offences in tfc * or (aid aft as :o Max or

The /even ttenth and eighteenth Tears rf George III. offence or breach committed of or againft the faid aft, and to iffue their warrants refpedively to any one or more conftable or conftables, requiring and ifnpowering him or them by diftrefe and fale of the offenders goods (the overplos whereof fhall be rendered to the owner or owners thereof) to levy the refpedive penalties or forfeitures by fuch offenders incurred, which when levied fhall be paid to the real informer or profecutor in all cafes, except where the fame are thereby otherwise diraded to be applied, firft deducing thereout the fum of two (hillings in the pound, to he paid to the con (table or conftables for executing fuch warrant; and in cafe no fufficient diftref* can be found, then and in every fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for the feveral perfons, thereby impowered to hear and determine the faid offences refpedively, by their refpedive warrants to commit fuch offender or offenders to the houfe of correction, or next gaol, for fo long a time as they (hall refpec-tively think proper, not exceeding fix months in the whole, and that if any ad ion or filit (hall be coirimtnced or brought againft any perfon whatfoever, for doing or caufing to be done any ad, matter, or thing in purfuance thereof, the defendants defendants in fuch ad ion or fuit fhall and may plead the general iflue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence, and if upon fuch adion, or in fuch fuit, judgment fhall bt* "given for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or pla'ntiffs therein (hall become nonfnit, or difcontinse hby her, or their adion or fuit, then the defendant ord* frndantn therein (hall have treble colts: provided always, that nothing therein contained (hall extend to charge any perfon or perfons with any penalty, forfeiture or ptim/b-mrnt, for or concerning any offence, or breach of or againft the faid ad, unlefs he, (he, or they fo offending, (haU be complained of or informed againft, to the perfon or perfons thereby impowered to determine fuch offences, within fix months after fuch offence or breach fhall be done and committed : and whereas the faid laft recited claufc and provffo have been in fome inflances attended with great inconvenience to the public; be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the firft day of Auguft next the faid claufe and provifo, and every pait thereof, (haD be repealed and made null and void, fo far as the fame relates to the jurifdidion and powers given to the faid tmiftees, or to any juftice orjuftices of the peace or other magistrate, to hear and determine all or any complaints or informations for the importing of, or felling, or expofing to fale, my parcel or quantity of flax feed or hemp feed for fowipg^or in order to be Town.	*	*

IX. And be it further enaded by the authorfty ifore-faid, That from and after the firft day of Auguft next, all

offsoers

>ogle

Tbr feventeenth and eighteenth Tean of George III. offences or breaches committed of or again jl any cl aide ok article, in this prefent a6f or in the fed recited a£t contained relative to flax feed or hemp feed, where the penalty or forfeiture does or may not exceed in value the fum of fix pounds llerling, (hall and may be heard and finally de- hemp feed, termined by the faid truttees for the time being, or auy one or more of them, or by any one or morejuftice or jutlice* determined as of the peace for the comity, or by any chief magiftrate of herein, any city or town corporate, where fuch offences or breaches /hall be dope or committed, within their refpeftive jurifdip-tions.

373

A. D.

1777.8. Chap. 21,

X.	Provided always, That no fuch determination (hall bt made, unlefs fufftcient and reafonable notice fhaU be previ- On reafon-emfly given to the party complained of, and that all offences a!),c not*ce or breaches committed of or againll any claufe or article in ^cn> this prefent a& or in the faid recited a& contained, where the penalty or forfeiture (hall exceed in value the fum of fix penalties

Sounds llerling, and (hall not exceed the fum of for ty pounds above 61. and erling, (ball and may be heard and finally determined by £0tc?^ the refpe&ivc judges of aflize on their rcfpe&tvc circuits in y c,Vi ** * a fummary way by civil bill; on which civil bill the parties may be at liberty to proceed by proccfs and appeal in the ufual way in the refpe&ive counties, where fuch offences or breaches (hall refpe&ively be done or committed, or in the county in which the defendant or defendants in fuch civil biU fhall live, at the option of the plaintiff, or by .the recorder of the city of Dublin, or chairman and juftices for	!

the county of Dublin for the time being, where fuch offers	.1

ecs or breaches fhall be committed in the county of the city of Dublin or county of Dublin refpedlively, or in the faid county or counties where the defendant or defendants in fuch civil biU fhaU refpe&ively live, at the option of the plaintiff5 and that if the judge or judges fhall think it neceffary, that * a jury fhall be impanneUed on the trial of fuch civil bill, a jury fhall be returned inftanter by the fheriff or fheriffs (for which fuch fheriff or fheriffs fhall not receive any fee or reward) to try the fame, and that the verdi# given by fuch jury fhaU be final and conclufive to the parties in all courts of law and equity $ and that all penalties or forfeitures for offences or breaches done or committed of or again!! any claiifc or article in this prefent a& or in the faid recited a& contained, where the penalty or forfeiture does or may exceed in value the fum of forty pounds fterling, (hall and may . .	.

be fued for and recovered by fuit or action at law, qr by above^oT by bill, plaint, or information in any of his Majelly-s courts fuit at law, &c. of king’s bench, common pleas, or exchequer in this king-, dom, whtre no effoign, or wager of law fhall be allowed j and that in all a&ioos or fuits to be brought, commenced,

and

v



• Digitized-by

The facxtrenlb Mi rtgkaxtk Tear* *f George Ilf.

A. D- *^d profccutcd for recpvery of forfeitures or penalties far

1777-8. offences or breaches done or committed againft this prefeat

Chap. 21- aft or the faid recited aft, when the penalties or fosfekuw ihall exceed the fum of forty pounds fterling, the Vcume (hall be laid in the county, or the county of a city, or <J»£ county of a town, wherein fuch offences or breaches fhafl be committed, and no other, and to the end that all fccb aftions and fuits may be determined by a jury of the cooctr, or county of a city, or county of a town, wherein fuck offences or breaches (hall ]bc rcfpeftively done or committed^ it (hall and may be lawful to and for the feveral perfop dad perfons and court#) hereby impotvered to hear and deter* mine the faid offences refpcftivdy, to examine upon oath dl and every witnefo and witnefles as (hall he produced befotc them reipeftively, which oath they are hereby unpowered rcfpeftively to admirikter, upon any complaint or inforelation to him or them made of any breach committed of or againft this aft or the laid recked aft, and to ifiue their executions or warrants rcfpeftively to the Sheriff or (hcrifb of the refpeftive counties, counties of cities, counties of towns, and conilableSf requiring and impowering him or them to levy the relpeftive penalties or forfeitures by fuck offenders incurred of the goods and chatties of luck offenders, which, when levied* fhail be paid to the perfon {mug for the fame.

Colts not XI. And be it further enafted by the authority afore* kid, That fuch per Con and perfons and courts, as are hereby to eidberparty. bn powered to hear and determine al breaches or offence* done or committed againft this or the faid rocked aft, may adjudge and award at their diferetion fuch reafonable od&b, not exceeding two (hillings and fix pence in the pound, to either of the patties, as they (hall rdpeftively think proper.

Profcnition XII. Provided always That nothing herein contained b 9 months. (hall extend to charge any perfon or perfons with any penalty or forfeiture for or concerning any offence or breach of or againft this aft, unlefe he, fee, or they fo offending IhaH be complained of or fued, or informed againft, within nine calendar months next after fuch offence and breach Hull be done and committed.

XIII. And whereas by a claufe in the kid recited aft of f 3,o	the third of his prefent Majefty’s reign, it is araongft other

feit j».	things enafted, that every linen weaver or linen maoafafturer

(hall acrofs each end of every piece of linen doth, by him, his journeyman, or apprentice woven, weave or caafe to be woven two coarfe threads or coeds diftant from each other about one-fourth part of an inch, and (hall aHb write or cau£e to be written with pen and ink dole to fuch coadr (breads or cords on each end i3 legible ebarafters hi* chrif-tain	4

Tie JtuenUattb andejghieeutb Ytart of George III. tian name, fit-name, and place of refidence: therefore be k farther enacted by the authority aferefaid, That every per-tpo, who (hall not obferre the (aid recited claufe ia every particular, or who (ball he guilty of offending againli the feine, from and after the twenty-fourth, day of Auguft, one thoufcnd (even hundred and feventy-cight, (hall for every inch offence forfeit the funs of five (hidings; and that no perfon whatfoever (hall fell, or expofe to faie, or buy any

C'ece of brown or unbleached linen or hempen cloth, that is not two coarfe threads or cords woven at each end thereof and the maaufa&urer’s name and place of refidence written Vgihly at each end of fitch niece of linen and hempen cloth, as in laid recked a& is gjLrc&ed, upon pain of the period felling or expofing to (ale any fech piece forfeiting tV fum af five (killings, and the prrion buying ,the fatnc forfeiting the fum of forty (hillings, for every fuck offence.

. XIV. And be it further enabled by the authority afore* (aid. That from and after the hrft day of Auguft, one thousand (even hundred and feventy*eigfti, no brown or unbleach* fd linen or hempen doth, commonly known by the name of moneyirmres, or (even eighths wide, manufactured or made io the province or Uliler, or in the counties of Leitrim, Sligo, or Mayo, in the province of Con aught, from the fet of eight hundred to twelve hundred, (hall be (old or exposed to (ale, which (hall not be when brown, and before the fame (haH be bleached, thirty two inches bruad at leak, and when bleached thirty inches broad at kail; and that no piece of feven eighths wide, manufa&ured in the province of Utter, or in the aforefaid counties of Leitrim, Sligo, a ad Mayo, (Hah contain any greater number of yards in length (if a (ingle piece) than twenty fix yards, and (if a djulde piece) than fifty two yards upon jmuh of the perfon ielbug, or exposing the feme to felt, forfeiting the fum of five (hiHinrs.

. XV- And he it further ena&ed by the authority aferr-faid. That from and after the twenty-fourth day of Auguft, pne tfioufand feven hundred and (eventy-aght, no peifen /ball fell or offer for fide any piece of brown or unbleached linen or hempen doth, that (ball not have at lead fix inches at each end of the piece open at the outfide to view, under a penalty of five fiiilHngs for every fuch offence.

XVI. And whereas it hath been found inconvenient in many refpeds to fubjeft brown or unbleached linen cloths, catted or known by the name of dowlafs, (heeting, andozen* brigs, luanufa&ured in the provinces of Mo after and Co-naught, to be fealed purfuant to an ad made in the third year of his hfcyefty’s reign, intitled, An aS fer the better regulation of the linen end hempen manufaQuru : fer remedy whereof, be it eua&cd by the authority aforefaid. That from

and

buyer 40*.

Brown moiievmoref, or 7-sth6 wide, in Ulttcr, Leitrim, Sligo, or Mayo, from 800 fit 10 1 sco, flail be 31 inches broad, when bleached 30.

a (ingle piers

a6 yard* only, double, 52,

penalty

Brown »o h-4vr 6 in lea at each em open nt outfide, penalty ys.

i ?, 3-r* ’4-notwithitaitd-ing, dowlafs, flieetings, ozen-hrijr% made iu Muofier, 01 Conaught, i'.id rI*vt«- without fealing.

Digitized by

Google

3 G. 3. c. 34. t 49. injurious to linen trade by unfair advantage to refidcnts in market towns,

jobbing and fordtailing, &e.

fcpiltj 40s. per piece. '

7he feventeenth and eighteenth Tears of George III. and after the firft day of Auguft, one thoufand feren hundred and feventy-eight, all brown or unbleached linen cLiths, called or known by the names of dowlafs, (heetmgs, or ozenb.igs, manufadured or made in the provinces of Mun-fter or Conaught, may be fold or expofed to (ale in any place io the faid provinces without being fealed, any thing contained in the {aid recited ad to the contrary botwith-ftanding.

XVII.	And whereas by a claufe in the faid recited ad it is enaded, that all brown or unbleached linen cr hempen cloth, linen or hempen yam, that (hall be fold in any place in this kingdom, except in the city of Dublin or fuburbs thereof, by anv perfon or perfons, other than refident merchants or fhopkeepers dealing in fuch cloth or yam, or other than and except Rich linen ahd hempen yam as (hall be fold in a wholefale way, that is to fay, in one quantity or parcel, to the value of twenty pounds or upwards, by one perfon, (hall be fold publickly in fome open market or fair between the hours of eight of the clock in the forenoon and four of the clock in the afternoon for linen and hempen yam, and between the hours of ten of the clock in the forenoon and four of the clock in the afternoon for brown or unbleached linen or hempen cloth, on the refpedive day of days on which fuch market or fair is ufually held ; and that if any perfon or perfons, not being a refident merchant or {hop keeper, or dealer in a wholefale way as aforefaid, (hall fell, or offer or con trad to fell, any fuch doth or yam in any other manner than as aforefaid, fuch perfon or perfon* {hall forfeit fuch cloth cr yam, or the value thereof: and whereas the laid laft recited claufe is found to be injurious to the linen trade of this kingdom by giving an unfair advantage to perfons refiding in market towns, and hkewift is found to promote jobbing and foreftalling : be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-eight, no perfon whatfoever, whether rt-fident or not, (hall buy or offer to buy within the cuftoni gates or cuftom gaps of any fair or market to*m in this kingdom, on the refpedive days the market or fair (hall be held in the fame, any brown or unbleached linen or hempen cloth before the hour of eleven of the clock in the forenooni or after the hour of four of the clock in the afternoon from the twenty-fifth day of September to the twenty-fifth daf of March, or before the hour of ten o’clock in the forenoon or after four in the afternoon from the twenty-fifth day of March to the twenty-fifth day of September, under a penalty of forty (hillings for every piece of brown or unbleached linen or hempen cloth fo bought. ‘	'

XVIII. And

Digitized by LjOOQle

77* feventeenlh and eighteenth Tears of George III.

XVIII.	And whereas by an ad pafled in the fifteenth A. 'D. and lixteenth years of his Majefty's reign, entitled. An u3 1777,8. for granting unto bis li/Tajefy an additional duty on thefeveral Chap. 2\J commodities, goods, and merchandises therein mentioned, and w for prohibiting the importation of all gold and fiver lace, and 15 and 16 of all cambricks and lawns except of the manufacture of Great I*c- •• I* 21 • Britain, it is amongft other things enaded, That no cam-bricks or lawns whatfoever, (except of the roanufa&ure of '

Great Britain) fhall from and after the twenty-fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-five, be imported into this kingdom in any (hip or veflel whatfoever under the penalty of the forfeiture of all fuch cambricks and-lawns, and treble the value thereof, and of the fhip or vet-fel in which the fame (hall be imported, with all her gnns, tackle, furniture, ammunition, and apparel: and whereas of late large quantities of foreign cambricks and lawns have -been clanadtinely imported into this kingdom, notwithstanding the prohibition in the faid recited ad mentioned, to the great detriment of the cambrick and lawn manufactures of this kingdom : for remedy whereof, he it eroded [ by the authority aiforefoid, That from and after the firfi day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy eight, : if any cambricks or lawns, or goods of the kind ufoally known by or under either of thefe denomination's, (hah be	.	.

feized by virtue or in pnrfhance of the faid recited a d, or any other ad noW in force? or if any a&ion fhall be brought by the owner or claimer of fuch goods againft any officer of the cuftoms or excife, or any other perfon, for any thing done in purfuance of the faid recited ad, or any other ad now in force 5 arid if any doubt or queftion fhall arife, wheie fuch goods were manufadured, the proof fhall be upon the owner or claimer of fuch goods, aqd not on the perfon who feized the fame, or againft whom fuch adion fhall be brought; any law, ufoge, or cuftom to the contrary nof-with (landing.

XIX.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefoid, That . n uul if any perfon or perfons fhall deliver to bleach any foreign or lawn cambricks or lawns to any bleacher as Irifh, or if any per- delivered to Ton or perfons fhall knowingly bleach or ftamp any foreign	Stc.

cambricks or lawns with a Britifh or Irifh ftamp, fuch peri	**

Ion or perfons fhall forfeit fifty pounds 5 and that in order td diflinguifh Irifh cambricks or lawns from foreign, every ' bleacher fhall, befqre he delivers the fame to the owner, or expofe them to foie, mark or ftamp each end of every fuch piece with the truftees Teal, and alfo with his own name and jplace of abode, under the penalty of five pounds for each piece 5 arid that no cambricks or lawns fhall be expofed to tale, or remain in the cuftody of any wholefalc or retail merchant of Cambricks or lawns, without fuch fkemps, un-



Cambrickt, lawna, and damalksas

within all the

fcslle fwcar-inf ponifhed ••pcijory.

The fcvqnteenth and eighteenth Yean of George III. drr the penalty of five pounds for every hu:b piece fo «x-pofed to fak, or found in cuftody of fuch merchant; and that no remnant of cambrick or lawn (hall be expofed to tale, or remain iu cuflody of any fuch merchant, without one end thereof {lamped as aforekid, under the penaky of five pounds for etxry fuch remnant; fuch penalties and forfeitures to go to and be recoverable fixun the perfon or perfoos, id whofe cuftody foch goods are found, by the perfoa or perfons who ihall feiae the fame as aforefaid, iu the fame manner as all penalties are recovered by an ad of the third of his present Majefty, entitled. An ad for the better regulation of the knoi and hempen manufactures.

XX- And whereas certain doubts have arifen, how hr

^______^ cambricks* lawns, and damaftts are included within the dc-

imen and hemp foription of the words linen and hempen cloths in the ad, orunufa^ures entitled. An ad for the bettor regulation of the linen and kempt* wanvfadvrcst and in aU other ads relative to the Iran and hempen manufadure3 in this kingdom: be it declared by die authority aforefaid, That aft cambiicks, lawns, and dama/ks arc to be coniidercd as linen and hempen cloths, and as linen and hempen manufactures, within the in tc at ion of the laid ads.

XX1L And be it further eqaded hy the authority afore-faid, That every perfon, who fhall knowingly fwear any thing, which is faffe, either viva voce, or in any affidavit, or upon any examination in any manner relative to any tiling contained in the faid recited ad of the third year of his prefont Majefty, or in this prefent ad, (hall upon coo* vidion foffer fuch punilhment, as perfons convided of wilful and corrupt perjury are by the laws of this kingdom fortyed to.

XXIII. And whereas doubts have arifen, whether the lines haQ and yarn hall, and the houfes, offices, and grounds to them refpedively belonging, in the county of the city of Dublin, be the property of and legally veftea in the truftees of the h’neti anil hempen mnnufadure in this kingdom : m order to obviate fucb doubts, be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the palling of this ad, the linen hall and yarn hall, and the houfes, offices, and grounds to them rcfpe&ivdy belonging, in the county of the city '	pf Dublin, be veiled in the truftees of the linen aodhempe*

manufadures in this kingdom for the time being, and their rir | fucceflors.

•wayojuarccny	XXIV. And forafmuch as divers wicked and 31*difpofcd

5s. value by day perfons may be encouraged to commit larcenies in the linen or night in linen ball and yarn hall, and in the lioufes, offices, and grounds officef^ho^no hereunto belonging, by reafon of the privilege, as the law houfcbreaking ®°w 18» ?f demanding the benefit of their clergy: there-or perion there- fore be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That all and in. Sec.	.	every

The linen •nd yarn ball, office*, k c. veiled in the truftees.

Digitized by v^ooQle

End of fatal

The fiwmfeaol W	Tepn	pf Gapige IS*

twy perion or perfoos, that 0*0 at any time fang and after the firft day of Auguft, one tboufand it*en hundred and £rventy-eight, by day or by night privately and folpah -ouOy deal any goods or chatties, wares or mcrehanriyrfr pi value of five (hillings or mpre, befog in the linen halt -yarn hall, or in any haute or office thereinto bekmgfo]^ although the laid linen hall or yarn hall, pr inch bouic i¥* office, be not actually broken by fiich offender, nod ah though the owner of fuck goods chart lm, WWK f* mew jehgndi^es, or any other perfan of pofcn*> be or be apt ip jtbe laid linen hall or yam halt or in feeb hpvrfe nr olfeet or (hall affift or aid any perfpn or p<s£am to cpmmk any feich offence, being thereof copvided or attainted by. ve*v flLQL or coufelfioa, or Audi peremptorily challenge above tJbe xw®b«?r of twenty returned to hr the jury, #mJ9 bjT ****** of this ad be abfolutely debarred of and from the benefit of clergy, any law or cuftom to the contrary notwith-ftanding.	.,

XXV.	And whereas the robbing of bleaebyards in &tffe* ____________

ireat parts of this kingdom has become fo frequent as greaffy fawn cut off to to injure the perfons concerned in the linen and hempen ohr» prevent proving nufacturesj and it has bnen obCerrod, that .moft pr aU inch ProPertT» itolen linens, as have been recovered, after having been fo

ftelca, have bean found with the cads *0* off to prevent

the owners from being able to prove their property in the

fame: for remedy whereof, be it further coa&ad by the hr t G . p

authority afoeefeid, That from and after the &ft of $cp» c. 34. forfeited,

tember, one thoufand feven hundred and feimty<ight, op and **• per

petfon whatsoever (hall have in his or her ouftody any piece plcce*

jut more of brown or in part blenched Unon, that (haS not

hare two coarfe cords at eaoh end, ns djrefefid by an aft

-made in the third year of the reign of his .prqfoat Majefly,

<ru titled, An a8 forth* >hotter rtpuotim of tbeimm md homfrp

mtwtfnfora5 upon pain of forfeiting fufe pieee of

pod ajfo the fum of forty AuUm^s for each and every (rich

piece, to be recovered and difoofed of hi the feme manner M 61 pemfa

ns in and by the faid a& direfeed, with r^urd to penalties tbuhf hSd*£

and forfeitures therein mentioned, net exceeding the fum of

fix pounds.

XXVI.	And he jt eaa&ed by the authority nferefeid, ifacber* to

That every bleacher of linens, or perfoos gfofog out Jincwe maA 00 each ito bleach or whiten, fcaJl mark no «apb end *f fee piece	rf

with marking ink within fee pofds fee two iaftfel M*%m name, aadnum-r>f his name, or more, with his or her annhtr hard after b**» penalties feid letters; and if any piece or part of a piece of linen * hsmn. ihall be found in theoidfodf of any petfon or fxsfoat whatr

foewer not corded on either end, before the fame is ftnithed and ftamped by a white feabmafeer, feat be or fee, fowhnfc

iW1! iff OmiU ffpxdfoiff

Digitized by v^ooQle

i&o

A. D.

1777.8.

The feventeenth and eighteenth Tears of George I IT. the fum of five pounds, to be recovered by the firft real informer that fues for the fame, in fuch manner as is by the faid acl directed, with regard to penalties and forfeitures therein mentioned not exceeding the fum of fix pounds; and that If any perfbn (hall take on board any (hip, boat, or vcffcl, or attempt to take on board any (hip, boat, or Veflcl, any fpinning-wheel, loom, hackle, or any machine made ufe of for or towards the manufa&uritig of linen or hempen -cloth, or any part of any (pinning wheel, loom, hackle, or of fuch machine, every perfon fo offending (hall forfeit the fum of live pounds, to be recovered as all penalties and forfeitures are by this a6t, or by the act of the third year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intitled, An 08 for the better regulation of the linen and hempen manufaflvrts% and alfo fuch fpinnmg wheel, loom, hackle, or machine.

CHAP. XXII.

Amended 19, 20 G. 3 c. ijk

*. 3-

' 23, 24 o. 3. C. 4a. f. X.

preftn^rront to repair bridge, tho* no plan an wrxe.d to affidavit.

An A8 to explain and amend an AS paffed in the thirteenth and fourteenth Tears of the Reign of his prefent Majefiy^ intitled, An AS for amending the pttblick Roads.

TTTHEREAS doubts have arifen, whether by the a&L * V of the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intitled, An aS for amending the publici roads, grand juries of counties, and counties of cities, and counties of towns, are enabled to grant any Aims of money for the repairing of any bridge in fuch counties, unlefs a plan of the work to be done be annexed to the affidavit, upon which fuch presentment is grounded ;^and alfo whether fuch grand juries are enabled to grant by prefent-ment any fums of money for the making or repairing of any road in inch counties, if the preferment be for a fmaller number of perches, or for a fmaller fum, thaA is contained in the affidavit, upon which fuch preferment is grounded: be it therefore cna&ed by the King’s moft excellent Mnjeftyt by ami with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent parliament afTctnblcd, and by the authority of the fame,That from and after the firft day of June,one thoufand feven hundred and fcventy-eighrr it (hall and irfay be lawful for the grand juries of the feveral counties, and counties of cities, and counties of towns, by prefentment to grant fuch 'fum or fums of money, as they (hall think necefTary, on fuch counties for the repairing of any bridge in fuch counties, counties of cities, and counties of towns, although no plan of the work to be done, to be annexed to the affidavit upon which fuch prefentment is grounded, and alfo for-the

grand

Digitized by LjOOQle

77* fevenltcnth and eighteenth Tears of George III.

3**

grand juries of fuch countie* to grant fuch fum or luma of A. D. money, a* they fhall think neceffary, for the making or re- 1777-8. pairing of any road in fuch countie* on any barony, or half Chap. 22. barony in, which fuch roads arc lituated, adthougu the pre-	-—\r-'—^

fentment fhould be for a fmaller number of perches, or for a fmaller fum, than is fworn to in the affidavit, upon which fuch preferment is grounded, and for the judge of affize to confirm fuch preferment.

II.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Carcafe or That every perfon, who (hall expofe to fale after the firft hide, lold in day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-

eight, the carcafe or hide of any beatt, or any part of the Bdfaft, forfeited carcafe of any bead, in the principal (beets of any town, and 40s. through which travellers ufuafiy pais from Dublin to Belfaft, fhall upon convi&iou by the oath of one credible witnefs before any one juftice of the peace of the county, where fuch offence fhall be committed, or upon the view of any fuch juftice, for eveiy fuch offence forfeit a fum not exceeding forty (hillings, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods of the offender by the warrant of fuch juftice, and alfo fuch carcafe or hide, or part of a carcafe.

III.	And that it fhall be 1 r 1 r *'	1	~

of money, as they fhall think nc^viMi	doivh»	vi	^	^

half barony in fuch county for making, widening, and deepening drains on each fide of any publick road in fuch barony or half barony, which has been or (hall be made through a bog, and for carrying off the water that may injure fuch road: provided fuch fum fhall not exceed the fum of twelve pence for each perch of fuch drain, and for paying wages to the overfecr appointed for fuch work, not exceeding one (hilling for each pound to be expended by • fuch overfecr.

IV.	Provided always. That no fum of money fhall be fo affidiYit presented, unlcfs it fhall appear by affidavit, fworn by two by a b fore a credible period*, who can read and write, before any two juftiers ofre*-juftices of the peace for fuch county, that the fum therein required is a reafonable charge, and that the work is necef-fary, and cannot be effectually executed for a fmaller fum, to the belt of their judgment; and that- no fum of money fhall be paid by the treafurer of any county on account of any fuch preferment, until it fhall appear to the grand jury and to the judge of affize by the affidavit of one of the • overfeers appointed for fucli work, who can read and write, fworn before one of the judges of affize, that the faid fum fo accounted for hath been faithfully and honeftly expended in the execution of the work, for which fuch fum of money was granted by fuch preferment, to the beft of his fkill and judgment.

of any county by preferment

V. And

Digitized by v^ooQle

\

The JL swot*# *+} *$b**mk T*m q^Ocotgc Itt.

V.	And whereas the pubfick roods reteite great damage \rf thr ewerfeers ncgleftuig to oblige the fcmdhotters to keep tie ditches cm each tide of the road foaored, as the Uor dirrfb; be it farther ensued by the authority aforefeid, Thatthe words foHowirfg, vfo. [and that the ditches which are on each fid* of the (kid road, rite effiftudly fcoured, and » free patibge made far the water} (hall he added to the affidavit, which fuch overfeer aof obliged by lew to make, befose be receives the money prefented for the repair of fach rood.

N VL And whereas by sm aft of the thirty third of George <unn	fccoadb	chapter eight, it k en*&*d, That if it (half ap-

^rfar'wr dif, P®** to any judge upon due proof by two fubftantial wit-charged aucry nefies opoa oath at any sffifta, within owe year after any inftead of i aa (faery on a prcfefltment for any highway or bridge has been »y 33 u. a.c. S. ddchaaged, that find coast was deceived or impofai upon ** ***	by airy affidavit for difebarging fuch- query, and that the

road or bridge were oat made or built pnrfuant to the pro-fentntent for the fame, the lodge of affiae may, notwitfc-(landing foch query was difeb urged, iffue proeefo ki fttcVk cafe againlt the otcrfeeis mentioned h» foch prefeutmciit, as if the find query had never been anfwered: and whereas the time allowed for tffiting foch proeefa is not found by experience fuftewm to anfwer the good pnrpofes df the find laft mentioned aft: be k eno&ed by the authority afotefaid, That the time afiewed for iffimig prooefo upon foch query as afcrefcid may be enlarged or extended os the term of two years inffotd of Ac term of one

At D<

*777-*-Chap. aa.

And that ditches are efft&uaily floured, and free paflage for water

a Vcanal lowed (oc pc o-

ridi air-itnif

A juftice of tool. * year freehold in Down may on ▼tew abate nuikuiac, k<0

year.

VIL And he it farther enaftedby the authority afbrefeud^ That any joftice of the peace, who (half have a freehold efeits of owe hundred poopda /fcrstoinm m any barony or baronies in the county of Downe, (hall be empowered <m view to abate all nuifouoes Us remove all encroachments on any of the roads in foch barony oi baronies hr find coufctics wherein he Audi have fuch fa&hofrl efotte of one hundred pounds ffr afinmrh and hate the feme power send authority to proceed so the abatement of foch rmzfatxces or encroachments, as the laws do now give to any juftice on- complain* befog mode to him of any tfuifeuce; and that the fevtrd diurchwttdens of every pnrifb in fad county of Down^ (Hall be ovarfieers of the rood# to prevent encroachments and dutfoncc* on the feme, and* (kail few Ate fame powers and authorities within their xefpeftive1 parishes, that the over-few os fub^conftabtor appointed by the -grand jury of any other county hone by the aft aforefcwl ? and that no money (hall be prefented or r&ifed off any barony or pariftt ixt (aid county foe she paymmu od soy fis^ overfcer for his or their trouble in executing fuch office*

VIII. And

Digitized by L^ooQle

The	Yedr*	af	GeorgeTIL	'

VI £L And whereas it will* lend to leften die expense of keeping publick roads in repair, if the gram! juries of the ri fpe&ive counties (had be empowered to agtfce or contract with proper perfoas fora limited time to keep the road*,, for which fuch prefentments have bec-a granted, in conltaat. repair: be k further enacted by the authority a fore laid, That tire grand juries of the counties of Antrim, Donegall, Downe, Kerry, Kildare, King’s county, Limerick, Wicklow, and city and* county of Londonderry, at each affixes for {aid counties (hall have full power and authority to enter into any contra& or agreement by the year with any perfon or perfons for keeping any part or proportion of the publick roads of (aid county, that have been heretofore made or repaired by pre-fentments,' in fufficient order and repair for any fpacc of time not exceeding four years; which contrail or agreement fhaH be figned by the parlies, with whom the grand juries ef laid counties fhaH make the fame, and IhaU be delivered over to the clerk of the crown to be by him kept with the records of the laid counties; and that the grand juries of laid counties (Ml have fuU power and authority to prefent any fum of money to be levied and railed off the inhabitants'of the nsfpc&ive baronies or half baronies in laid counties* to be paid to the perfon or perion* with whom they (hall make fuch contrail or agreement; provided the fame ffrall not exceed the fum of two pence halfpenny by the perch of road fo to be kept in repair, and fo for a greater or letter proportion of road.

IX, rrovided neverthclefs always. That no part of thfc money fo presented (hall be paid by thetteafurer oftaid county, until fuch contra&or or contractor* (hall make affidavit before the judge of aiEze, that fuch proportion of road is aft that time in fufficient order and repair, and until fuch affidavit (hall be allowed and patted by the then grand jury and judge of affixe.

Grand juries of certain equities may fX *f-fize* aortraA ior keeping reads’ iff repair 4 years, a»hcnift, Src.

Not paid, till

comra&orS affi.

dwtrOefastf the judge allowed)

X. And whereat the grand juries of the feveral counties in this kingdom are allowed by law to pjrefcot mf fum, furvTyand map, not exceeding in t^e whole the fum of one Bunched pound*,	*

for an accurate furvey and map of their county, and laid fum is mfufficient for laid purpefe, and not proportioned tp the various fixes of the different counties: be i* dialled by	.

the authority afotefaid, that it (hall and may be lawful for c*ch fooooo the grand jury of each county, at any affixes held for the acres. Sec. lame, to prefcnt to be raifed oa the county at large any fum or funis of money, not exceeding in the whole the fom of one hundred pounds for each one hundred thouiand acme contained ia fuch county according to the county books, or thc'ofiial computation thereof, and foria proportion for stay Ids quantity, for the. obtaining art aocutatc forvey and

map

Digitized by v^ooQle

I

On fecurity,

. approved by grand jury .treasurer d»rciltd to pay n*t alove 2 3d* before furvey finiftcd.

tVmanding reward for {Wearing affid* vityL n▼ civil bilL

County and city «»f Dublin ricepted, lave a* to prcfentment for map*.

3 G- 3- ^

5. f. 7.

7fc feventeenth end eighteenth Tears of George III. map thereof; fuch map when finiffied to be depofital and kept by the treafurer of fuch cotroty among the records thereof; and that faid prcfentment maybe made without any affidavit or eftimate of the probable expence thereof being prevjoufly laid before them.

XI.	Provided always. That no money (hall be paid on account of any fuch prcfentment or presentments, until the

" (aid furvey (hall be finithed, and map delivered to tbc treafurer, and approved of by the grand jury, nnleft fuffident fecurity (hall be given to the treafurer, and approved of by the grand jury, by the furveyor or furveyors for the com-pleating faid furvey, and delivering faid map on the terms and within the time fpecihed in fuch fecurity; in which cafe it (hall and may be lawful for the grand jury from time to time to dire£f the treafurer to pay any fum, not exceeding two-third parts of the money presented, to fuch furveyor or furveyors to enable him or them to pr;xxcd in making fuch furvey, before fuch furvey (hall be adually finifhed*

XII.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforeiaid, Thit if any juftice of the peace, or any other perfon, (hall de-

• mand or take any fum of money or any reward for fwearing any affidavit direfted to be made by the a& for amending the public roads, or by this a&; every fuch juftice of the peace or otherv perfon fo offending (hall forfeit tlie fum of five pounds to the profccutor or informer, to be recovered by any perfon who (hall fuc for the fame by civil bill.

XIII.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained (hall extend to the county or the county of the city of Dublin; except fo far as relates to impower grand juries to grant prefentments for making maps or furvey s of counties.

XIV.	And whereas by an aA of Parliament pafted in this kingdom in the third year of his prcfcnt Majefty's reign, entitled, An aQ for dtfchargmg without feet per fans who /bail he acquitted of offences, for which they are or Jbeil he imuSeti, and Jor making a compenfation to Jheriffsy gaolers, and clerks cf the crown, and clerks of the peacef for fuch fees9 the grand juries of the county of Cork are impowered to raife and prefent on (aid county any fum, not exceeding thirty pounds, at each affizes to be held for faid county, in lieu of fees of perfons indt&ed, tried, and acquitted at the affixes and quarter feffions for (aid county, to be {raid to the clerk of the crown and peace for (aid county in manner therein mentioned : and whereas the faid county is very large and ex-ten five, and the trouble and expence of executing the faid offices of clerk of the crown and peace therein are much

cncreafcd:

Digitized by

Tit fenxntecrtth and toghtonfh Than of George IS.	jtf

racreafed: be k therefore further eaa&ed by the authority	A. D.

oforefaid, that it (hall and may be lawful for the grand jury	1777^8.

at every afiizes, to be held for the laid county, to raifc and prefent in the nfual manner on the faid county at large any $rand jury lum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the fum £,r county of of fifty pounds, to be paid to the clerks of the^rowi and	nraalwve

peace ror laid county in lieu andrecompence of the fees p ayable j0l. Sec. unto them for fuch perfon9, as fhall be tried, acquitted, arid discharged without fees at the aflizes and quarter fefii >ns for faid county, purfuant to the faid recited ad, any other law or fiatute to die contrary notwithstanding.

XV.	And whereas doubts have arifen, whether the graad Qmnd ]ury jury ccfs impofed previous to the expiration-, of any leafe, cefs paid by but not levied until after the expiration of fuch leafe, is to ocrul'ier «f be paid by the tenant, whofe leafe is expired, or to remain j**^whcn a charge on the lands and to be paid by the a&ual occupier ^ n’ot thereof at the time of the fame being levied: be it further pying- when ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, that evtry grand jury impofed. cefii fhall be paid by the perfon or perfons, occupying tbu land at the time fuch oefs is levied thereout, though fuoh perfon or perfons did not occupy the fame, when the cri* was impaled.

CHAP. XXI1L

An AB to amend tin Aff, entitled, An AB for enforcing a due Execution of the Lazvs relative tv TurnpHtc^oads in this Kingdom.	^

WHEREAS the fcveral regulations preferibsd by the 13 & 14 feverai laws made in this kingdom for the repairing G- 3 Cm**\ the turnpike roads following, that is to fay, from Dublin to ^d! htrein ID unleer, from Dunker to Dundalk, from Dundalk to Newry rccitcd, the aud Bambridge, and front Dublin to Kinnegad and Mullingar, truftccs, &e. are fully fufficient to enforce a due execution of the faid laws refpe&ively; and the fevecal regulations in faid recited a& are unnecellary to be extended to faid roads, or the tcuftees refpe&ively of the fame, and would if extended, be attended with great inconvenience, not being conformable in many infiances to the regulations refpe&ively enjoined by faid feverai lawsfhe it cna&ed by the King’s mod excellent Ma-jefiy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That nothing in faid recited a& contained ihali extend, or be conftrued to * extend, to faid recited roads, or any of them, or the truftces appointed fqr the fame, or to fckeir proceedings., their.

Vol. VI.	B	b	treafurers.

J86

A. D.

1777-8.

*8 H 8. c f*

dignity, canonry, or prebend, l>otrc fled a a herein, &c.

A els or fuit» before not afitded.

The feventeenth and eighteenth Teart of George III. treafurers, clerks, overfeers, or fervants, or any of them* nor to any treaforer of a county, or clerk of the peace, for or in refpeft of the fame.

CHAP. XXV.

dn si8 to explain the Statute of the twenty-eighth Tear of Henry the Eighth, entitled, The sM of Faculties.

TTI7HEREAS doubts have arifen, whether a dignity, ^ V canonry, or prebend in a cathedral church be compatible with any other benefice, or may be holden together with the fame without firft obtaining a difpenfation for foch purpofe : And whereas according to the praftice in this kingdom many benefices are in faft fo holden, and the titles thereunto refpeft ively are confequently expo fed to fuch doubts: in remedy wheredf, be it enafted by the King*i mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament efltmblcd, and by the authority of the fame, That all perfons, who were in the aftnal poffeffioo of any dignity, canonry, or prebend in a cathedral church, together with any other benefice or benefices, on or before the twenty-fifth day of December laft, may hold, poflefi, and enjoy the lame in like manner, as if a difpenfation had been regularly and in due time obtained for holding the fame: any law or ufagfe to the contrary hereof in any wife not-withflanding.	%

II. Provided, That nothing herein contained (hall extend to or affeft any aft, matter, or thing done, or fuit commenced, before the laid twenty-fifth day of December laft for voiding any eccleliaflical benefice, dignity, canonnV or prebend ou account of fuch incompatibility as afbrt-fuid.

CHAP. XXVIII.

s/n Aft for preferring the Health of Prifoneri in Gaol end preventing the Gaol Dijit taper.

Enforced ind X7T7HEREAS the malignant fever, that is commonly amern ed by s 1	▼ V called the gaol diltemper, is found to be owing to

^2 ^24 G - want of cleanlinefs and frefh air in the feveral gaols in the S+i* - city of Dublin and kingdom of Ireland, and the fatal con-fequences of that dilordcr, of which there has been of hte too much experience, might be prevented, if juftices of the

*	-	pcscc

Digitized by

rr~:r*5Sdl

Tlx fevenleenlh and eighteenth Tears of George lit.

3*7

peace were duly authorised to provide fuch accomodations	A.t D.

in gaols, as may be neceflary to anfwer this falutary purpofe:	1777-3*

therefore be it enaded by the King's moil excellent Majefty Chap. by and with the advice and content of the lords fpintual ; and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament aflem-bled, and by the authority of the fame, that the feveral juf-tices of the peace of the kingdom of Ireland within their feveral jurifdidions in their quarter feffions aflfembled may be authorized and impowered to order the walls and ceilings of the feveial cells and wards both of the debtors and the Cells felons, and alfo of any other rooms ufed by the prifoners in their refpedive gaols and prifons, to be fcraped and white dcred at legions wafhed once in the year at lead, and as often as to them to be fcraped (hall feem meet, and to be regularly wafhed and kept clean, white waifc* and conftantlv fupplied with trefh air by means of hand ven-tilators, or otherwife to order two rooms in each gaol or prifon, one for the men and the other for the women, to be fet apart for thefick prifoners, directing them to be removed into luch rooms as foon as they fhall be feifed with any disorder, and kept feparate from thofc who fhall be in health, to order a warm and cold bath, or commodious bathing tubs, to be provided in each gaol or prifon, and to dired the prifoners to be wafhed in fuch warm or cold baths or bathing tubs, according to the condition in which they fhall be at the time, before they are fuffered to go out of fuch gaols or prifons upon any occaiion whatever; to order the requi-fitions of this ad to be painted in large and legible characters upon a board, and hung up in fomc confpicuous place of each of the faid gaols and prifons, and to appoint an experienced furgeon or apothecary at a Hated falary, not exceeding ten pounds per annum, to attend each gaol or prifon refpedively 5 who fhall be direded to report to the laid juftices, by whom he is appointed, at each quarter feffions a (late of the health of the prifonett under his care or fuperintendance.

II.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Courts ven-That the faid juftices of the peace in their faid quarter fcf- tilated,

fion aflembled be authorized to dired the feveral courts of juftice within their refpedive jurifdidions to be properly ventilated, to order cloaths to be provided for the prifoners when they fee occafion, to prevent the prifoners from being kept under ground, whenever they can do It convenienty, and to make fuch other orders from ti.W? to time for reftor-ing or preferring the health of prifoners, as they fhall think neceflary.

III.	And whereas it will be neceflary to eftablifh a fund G. juries to to carry the ufeful purpofes of this ad into execution : be Prefcnt

it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, that the grand Pcnces» c-B b 2	juries

%



• >

Digitized tsy



-----x

A. Vi

7 Cw 3-c. 12.

\ Forosttu.

malt. or flour, brought to Dublin by canal, 2- ;Js of premium for other inland carriage^ &c.

Tht fevetilenith and eighteenth TeaYe *f Gtorje III. pint* tof each and every county of county of a city* or cow* ty of a town, in this kingdom IhaH have power, and are required, from time to time to prefect fuch flitfa or funis Of money, Is (hall be neceffary, to be raifed in fuch county in the ufual manner to pay the expences of carrying thin a£t into eaete-ttort ; and if any gaoler or keeper of arty prifbn fhall at hay time negled or difobey the orders of fuch jufticeS rifcade in purfuance of this aft, he may be proceeded againft in a Summary way by complaint made to lh« judges of a(fine, er to the juftices in their quarter feflioris; and if he be foatld guilty of fuch neglfcd or difobedience, he fhali pay fuch fine, as the judges of aflize or juft ices fhali iropofc, and (ball be committed m cafe of nonpayment.

CHAP. XXtX.

An Ad for explaining a Doubt, arifng upon the JLa<wj for ftp* plying the City of Dublin •with Corn and Flour , and alfifor Iraemng the Expenses op/applying the fold City with the ArU* clcs aforefatd.

WHEREAS certain doubts have trifen, bow for pew ions bringing corn, meal* mak, of flour, frfcra the iidand parts of this kingdom to the eity of Dublin by the means of any canal or inlarfd navigation, and partly by the meant of cars carts, of waggons, may be entitled to the fereral premiums provided by the fVVeral ads for the better fapplying tlie city of Dublin with cornf afid floifr, the affidavits to be made, and requires to be performed, by the carriers and owners of fuch commodities, not making any diftiadton between the modes of conveying of fuch 6cm-mOdities, but requiring fuch perfons only to let out the dinners of fuch corn and flout, the lands on which the fonft grew or were manufactured, and the number of miles inch Unds are diftant frorti the dty of Dublin, ift OrdOf to • entitle thcmfelves to fuch premiums: and whefebs thefcxpcaW of carriage by means of fuch canals or navigation! being much lefs than the expence of carriage by botfly cars, carts, or waggons, it is not rehfonble, that the pub-lick (howld be fubjed to fo eonfiderable a charge *oo account of the fame: be it cnaded by the king’s xtloft enoel-lent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritnal arid temporal and commons in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, that from and after the hill day oF January, one ihoufand feven hundred and feventy-ukic, thfcre fhali be payable from tune I	tt>

The feventeenib and eighteenth Tears of Georgs f II. to time for all fucb corn, (gatmeaj excepted) mak, or flpyr brought to the faid city of Dublin along any fuch canal 9r inland navigation, two third part? of the premium? which ihall be payable at fuch time for the other inland carpage of fuch corn, meal, mgk» or flour, ;yid no more; *nd for $11 oatmeal, brought to the faid city of Dublin along fuch canal or navigation, fuch premium a? fhail be payable at fuph time for the other inland carriage of fpqh pat/ncal, any )*w heretofore made to the contrary notwithftauding.

II. Provided always. That in computing the fajd premium?

.the number of miles to be paid for /hall be no more* than forby the -the place, from which fuch corn, meal, malt, or flour /hall fhorteft r«ul be brought, fliall appear to be diflant from the cattle $f bom the ca/Ue. .Dubliu by the (hortdl road fubfitting at the time of claiming fuch premium.

CHAP. XXXIII.

Jin dQ for printing the cutting or defraying q f plain, ft (linedy , or printed Linens, Cottons, Lawns, or Ahjtins, qr any other manufactured Goods.

HE REAS the printing and ftaining linens, cottons, and muflins is at prefeut, and has been for ft vend years pad, a very confiderable manufacture in this kingdom, and of great national importance, as it gives employment to many perfons of both fexes, has produced an additional home and foreign corrifumption of Iri/h linen?, and it RQl capable of mapy further improvements: and whereas fundry evil minded difordcrly penfons have at different times for fame time pa(t cut and destroyed garments gf plain, printed, and Rained linens, cottons, lawns, and muf-lins on the wearers backs, and have alfo in a riotous and fliforderly manner gone into the (hops, warehouses, and illeachgreeos of feveral perfons, who were artificers of the laid manufacture and of ether manufactures of this king' jdom, and there cut and deftroyed the fame, to the great prevention of the increafe and confumprinn of the faid manufacture; and at length arrived at fuch a degree orf daring in-foie nee aa to threaten the lives and properties of many ufe-fuland indudrious inhabitants, and to march througli feveral of the principal ftreets in the city of Dublin, and denounce vengeance with moft horrid threats again ft all wearers and venders of printed manufactured, and prefumed to dif* perfe printed hand bills declaratory of fuch their dangerous and illegal intentions ; by means whereof coniiderabL* <(ina-tities of the faid manufactures re naiu nndifpofe.l of in the hand* of the feveral peri'o i.;, win J-dt. t;i;rcin, to the!;*

great

Digitized by Google

To cut or dc-ftror linens, mulling, or goods of (ilk, wool, &c. in wear or ufe, felony, transportation for 7 jetn.

Or, as by law

dircded kept to hard labour 7 years, &c.

The feventeenth and eighteenth Tears of George III. great loft and injury : be it ena&ed by the King** mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent parliament aftembltd, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the firft day of May, one thoufand feves hundred and feventy-eight, all and every perfon or perfons whatfoever, who (hall wilfully or malicioudy cut or other-wife deflroy any plain, painted, ftained, or printed linens, cottons, lawns, or mudr-.s, or any manufactured goods of wool, filk, or hair, when in wear or ufe of any perfon or perfons whatfoever, or in the blcachgreen, warehoufes, (hops, or any other place whatfoever in this kingdom, or (hall <k-ftroy any wool, and (hall be thereof lawfully convi&ed, fuch perfon or perfons (hall be adjudged and conftrued guilty of felony; and every fuch felon and felons (hall be fubjeck and liable to the like pains and penalties as in cafes of felony; and the court, by and before whom fuch perfon or perfons (hall be tried, (hall and hereby have power and authority to tranfport fuch felons for "the fpace of feven years, in like manner as other felons are dire&ed to be txanf-ported by the laws and (latutes of this realm.

II. Provided always. That in cafe any law or laws (hall be patted in this kingdom to authorize for a limited time the punifhment by hard labour of perfons, who for certain crimes are or (hall become liable to be tranfported to any of his Majefty’s colonies and plantations, it (hall and may be lawful, if fuch court (hall think (it, in the place of fuch puniftunent by tranfportation to order and adjudge, that fuch perfon or perfons (hall be punifhed by being kept to 4iard labour in fuch places and manner as is or (hall be directed by any fuch law or aCk, for fuch term of years as the court (hall think fit: provided the fame (hall in no cafe be more than feven years: and that all and t*ery perfon and perfons, who (hall be aiding, abetting, or attifting in wilfully or malicioudy cutting or otherwise deftroying any plain, painted, ttained, or printed linens, cottons, lawns, or muffins, or any manufactured goods of wool, (ilk, or hair, in wear or ufe of any perfon or perfons whatfoever, or in the blcachgreen, warehoufes, (hops, or any other place whatfoever in this kingdom, or (hall deftroy any wool, and (hall be thereof lawfully convicted, (hall be liable to the fame punifhments, as if he, (he, or they had wilfully or malicioudy cut or othenyife deftroyed the

C8Af.

The feventeenth and eighteenth Tear* of George III.

CHAP. XXXV.

An A3 to explain and amend an A3> faffed in the fixtb Tear of the Reign of bis frefent Majefiy, entitled, An A3 for encouraging the planting of Timber Trees.

'39* A. D.

*777-8-

TT^HEREAS by an ad palled in the fixth year of the 6 O 3 c. 17.

* * reign of his prefent Majelly, entitled, An a3 for encouraging the planting of tinier trees, it is among other -thing* cnaded, That from and after the firft day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-fix, if any tenant for life or lives by fettlement, dower, curtefy, jointure, leafe, or any office, civil, military, or ecclefiaitical, impeachable of wade, or any tenant for years exceeding twelve years unexpired, (hall plant (ally, olicr, or willow, the foie property, of fuch lhall during the continuance of the term vett in the tenant, and he may cut and fell the fame under the reltridions therein after mentioned; and if fuch tenant fhall plant any timber trees of oak, alh, elm, firr, plane* wallnut, chefnut, horfe chefnut, quick, or wild alh, alder, poplar, or other timber trees; fuch tenant during the term /hall be entitled to a houfe boot, plow boot, cart boot, or car boot, of fuch trees by him planted; and at the expiration, or when fuch trees lhall have attained maturity, which lhall firli happen, lhall be entitled to the faid trees or the value of them, according to the directions therein af* ter mentioned, any covenant heretofore made, law, or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding ; and by the faid ad it is provided, that where the expiration of the term is certain, the tenant during the lall year of his term paying the rent* and performing the covenants, may cut and carry away the trees by him planted : and whereas confiderable pints of the lauds of this kingdom are held by leafes for terms of years from bodies corporate, eccleliahical and lay, which leafes the tenants from time tQ time furrender upon taking new leafes of the fame: and whereas a furrender in fuch- cafe may be confidercd as an expiration of the term, and thereby in many cafes defeat the good intention of the ad aforefaid: be it •naded by the King’s moll excellent Majelly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent parliament alTcmbled, and by the authority of the fame, that the furrender of any leafe for furrender of a term of yearn of lands to any body corporate, ecclefiafti- o{ 7cars to cal or lay, for the purpofc of taking a new i«fe thereof, thc tenant^*’ {hall not be conhdered as an expiration of the term furrenr joying benefit dered, fb far as the fame refpeds the faid ad, but that of planting at every renewal lhall be confidered as a further continuance of	3.	c.	17.

the original term, and the tenant lhall enjoy all benefit of

3	planting

None, fave pub ick tanneri, (ball tan or keep in lime or

Sit*, hides or tins, &c.

Glebes.

2 Amie, e. IO continued byaoG a. c. 8. further continued at years. See,

Tie fivndaftti mi rfgbtttiA TTkms qf George III. planting given by the ad aforefaid in as full and ample a manner as if the additional tqtn o£ years had been contained in his original leafe.

II And whereas the hark of ffartdiag trees has boa heretofore ufualiy fbripped for Unatftg hides of cattle in bogs and other private places, and for dying lfoen, yarn, thread, and fkins, by perfons in private houfes : for remedy whereof fos the future* be it cAa&ed by the authority tfhrt&d. That from and after tire (irft day of June, one thoufand fe^ea hundred and feventy eight, so peribn whatfoever, other thaa puWick and knows tanners, do Ua or keep |o Hme or other puts in order to tan any hide or hides, fkin or ikios, whatever ; and that so Ipiancr, weaver, fiunntr, er other per-ion whatfoever, sot being a known dftr, and exerrifeng the |rldc of a dyer, Audi colour or dye any linen, yam, thread, {bias, or gloves, with the bark of any tree growing in this kingdom, not being his own property ; and if any perfea fttll be coavi&ed thereof upon the oath of any one credible aritaeft before any one juftjee of the peace withia his jurifdi&ion, he /hall forfeit and pay fitch furs of money, as to fuch Judies (hall feem meet, sot exceeding five pounds, sot k filth An forty fodlmgs, together with the charges previous to and attending fuch convi&ion, to be ascertained bp fuch juftice as feth convift fuch offender; and upon non payment thereof fuch juftiee f^aU commit fuch offender So the common gaol or boufe of corre&ion by warrant under his hand and foal, there to remain without bail or main* prist for any time not exceeding three month* or until the find penalty and chaiges fijajl he paid.

CHAP- XXXVI,

An A& far reviving and continuing fiverai Umforary. Sm

tints.

TTfHEREAS the federal temporary lows sad fiatutes

^ * hereafter mtntioacd arc found to be of general ufe, and proper to he com tinted: therefore be it enafted by the king's tnok excellent Majcfiy, by and with the advice and cadent of the lords f^iritual and temporal and poflumns in th» prefont parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That an aft made in this kingdom in the fcowid year of the ytign tf yucca Anne, entitled. An aS far the nedmngt tf gbits biiaKgiqg to tie ctvncba in this irngdem^ avid which was ^farther tofttiausd by fcrcral fubfequent acta, and was by an aft palled in the twynty^ainth year of the reign of his late Majcfty king George the foopad continued from the making of laid ioft mentioned aft for tire term of twcnty-oic yaars, and u> the cud of the .then next jeffion^f Jada.

inent,

Digitized by (^.ooQle

The feventechtb and eighteenth Tears tf George III.	jpj

went, be continued in force for twenty-one years, and A. D. from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parlia* 1777^ inent.	Chap,	36.

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, ^#VW That an ad made io this kingdom in the third year of the Fosgecy, Ire. reign of his late Majefty king George the fecond, entitled, *

Jim aS for the more cjfcStual preventing and further pvnj/kmnst frtyctueu ff forgery* perjury, and fubornatisn of perjury* and to mahe St felony to fteal bonds, notes, or other fecurities for payment of money* and further continued by feireral fuhfetpcnt fta-tutes, and by an ad pafied in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late Majefty king George the fecond made tp -	-

continue for twenty-one years from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufond feven hundred and fifty-feven, and to the end of the then neat fe{Bon pf parliament, be made perpetual.	v

VII.	And whereas by an aft pafikd in the fifteenth and fc»°l*-

Sixteenth years of the reign of his prefeot Majefty, entitled, ^	“	£	'

~bfn aS to prevent and puntfh tumultuous rifings of perfins within this kingdom, and for other purpofes therein mentioned, it is

aroongft other things enafted, That every perfon or perfoqs, peefoat, pci-who (hall by force xu* violence break open any gad or prifon with an intention to refeue or enlarge him, her, or theflv ^o?to refeue felves, or any other prisoner or prifoners therein confined on prifouer*, felo-pccount of any offence, though the fame be not capital, all nf > death, and every perfon or perfons, who fhall commit fuch offence# and fhall be found guilty thereof, fliall fuffer death as i* cafes of felony without benefit of Clergy, and fhall and may be tried before the trial or attainder of the perfon or perfoiw fb enlarged, any law or ftatute to the contrary in any wife not with {landing: and whereas the faid claufe has been found not fully to anfwer the purpofes intended by the laid aft; therefore be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That , . . from and after the paJGGng of this aft every perfon or perfons, who fhall by force or violence break any gaol or pri-fon with an intention to refeue and enlarge any prifouer or prifoners therein confined on account of any offence, though continued to the fame be not capital, all atnd eve-y perfon or perfons, who 44 June 1787, fhall commit fiich offence, whether he, foe, or they foall *c- by 41 be prifoners or otherwife, and foall be found guilty thereof# 11 G‘ 3*c* foall fuffer death as ip cafes of felony without benefit of clergy.

VIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore- Tumult*, faid. That the fcvml ciaufes aod provifions in faid aft con- GaoJ*-tamed foal extend to all cities and*counties of cities wkfon 1 ^ ™

this kingdom 5 and that the faid recited caft together with to cities laid two ciaufes be continued in force unto the twenty-fourth	tamt**#

day -v -

Digitized by

Google

continued with Cud two chutes to 14 June 1780, to *4 June

1785# hJ 19*°^ $0 G 3. e. 14. f. 5. knd to 1787, *c. by ai end aa G. 3 .C.40.

The feventeenth and eighteenth Tears of Qeorge III. day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, and from thence to the end of the then next feiEou of Parliament. ,	‘

CHAP. XXXVII.

An AS for continuing and amending an Aa faffed in the fifteenth and fixteentb Years of the Reign of bis prtfent Majefiy entitled. An Aa for continuing on Aa payed in the feventk Tear of the Reign of bis late Majefiy King George the ft-condj entitled, An A SI for making more ejfe8ual an Ad faffed in the third Tear of the Reign of bis late Majefiy King George the fecondy entitled, s>n A8 for repairing the Road leading from the City of Dublin to the Town of Navan m the Coustty of Meath% end for repairing the Road leasing from thefaid Town of Navan to the Town of Nobber j* the feud County ; and atfo for repairing the Road leading from thefaid Town of Navan to the Town of Kells in the faid County.

3 G. a. c. 19. XTTTHEREAS by an ad of Parliament parted in the VV third year of the reign of his late Majcfty King George the fecond, entitled, An a8 for repairing the road leading from the city of Dublin to the town of Navan in the county of Meathy it was provided among other things. That the tolls and duties thereby granted (hould take place and haye continuance only from and after the tenth day of May, in the year oPour Lord one thoufand feven hundred and thirty, for and during the term of twenty-one yean : and whereas by another ad of Parliament parted in the feventh year of the reign of his late Majcfty King George the fecond, entitled. An a8 for making more ejfc8ual an a8 faffed in t. c. *x. the third year of bis faid late Majefiy King George the fecondy cik titled. An a8 for repairing the road leading from the city of Dub-On to the town of Navan in the county of Meathy and for repairx mg the road leading from the faiff town of Navan to the town of Nobler in the faid county, as alfo for repairing the road leading from the faid town of Navan to the town of Kells in the find county, it was among other things enaded, That the faid ad made in the third year of his faid late Majefty's reign, and all and every the powers, authorities, articles, rules, penalties, and dauffs therein contained (except what were thereby altered) Ihould be of full force and effed, and (hould continue and be executed from and after the expiration of laid term, for and during the further term of twenty-four years, and from thence to the end of the then next fefEon of Paris and 16 G. liament : and whereas by another ad of Parliament, parted 3. c. 37. * in the fifteenth and fixteenth years of the reign of his prelent

Digitized by

The fewnteenth and eighteenth Tears of George III.	3^5

fcnt Majefty King George the third, it was enaded, That .A. D, the faid ad of the fcvcnth year of hit late Majefty King 1777-8. George the fecond, the faid ad of the third year of his Chap. 37* faid late Majefty King George the fecond, as the lame it amended, altered, and confirmed by the faid ad of the Seventh ^year of his faid late Majefty, and all and every the authorities, powers, articles, penalties, aad daufet therein contained, (hall be of full force and effed from and after the expiration of the faid term of twenty one years and twenty four years for and during the further term of two years, and from thence to the end of the next feffion of Parliament : and whereas the faid ad will expire at the end of ' this prefent feffion of Parliament: therefore be it enaded by the King's moil excellent Majefty, by and with the ad- . ads con-•vice and confetit of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the fion onc " authority ’of the fame, That the (aid feveral ads of Par- and to end of ; liament, and every authority, power, penalty, and claufe c	OTfw- ,

therein contained, (hall be of full force and effed, and (hall be executed, from and after the end of this prefent feffion of years, Bec. 3 Parliament, for and during the further term of one year, «9 and *0 O. and until the end of the next enfuing feffion of Parliament, 43 f* *• excepting fuch parts of the faid ads, which relate to the roads leading from Navan to Nobber and from Navan to Kells in the faid county of Meath.

II.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, *

That the feveral tolls and duties granted by the faid feveral Tolls sppikd ads of Parliament, or any of them, (hall be applied to and torepair the for the repairs of the (aid roads (except as before excepted) r?td#re?5cE*M and the ufual expences of colleding the faid tolls, and to **or c* and for no other ufe or purpofe whatfoever, until the truftees therein named (hall certify under their hands, that the faid roads (hall have been completely and fufficicntly repaired ; and from thenceforth, and not fooner the faid feveral tolls Con dimed to and duties (hall be applied to all the ufes and purpofet 1811, &c. 19* provided for and intended by the faid feveral ads of Parft- 3* *• 43* ament, or any of them.

C H A1

1

Digitized by

Google

safi

fiefima*teu$h and eighteenth	of George IQ.

A. Bl

CHA|». XXXVIII.

•A etS ^/vt <£* A<ttr	Stimulation of the of the C*j

«f Corf, coed far ether	relative to the ft

«1M mp jsw	rqfuimvm y w chj y	ufr#, qrm

purpofc* therein mounted, relative to	the	way	a,

<W*fc wd «wwi) commit of tfce «ty of Cor!;, were iw-fWed t»-*|*S»nt Vijowow for the fercral paiifeev them-M nmwUQ««d W the poipofee mentioned ip the <>*4 »Ai

whw’tto *o4 nod whonas Anoe doubt* Wt anion, whether the v»Iu*iioo,

— ~ 9	tw * r”™	t n— rpr t	v r	■*	r» t t - * - »v

«J»de by the wh»tor» »pj*>*n**4 pnder th« 5»'d »$> wj» le-gaily «*xb:; therefore be it eonded by the K>ng’« bkA a-

neiyor, 4k-	c<^»t	Mfj&y>by t»4 wjtjh the advice and cooCeot of the

m»y	eppeipt k>wk £pi*ity»I and tpo^nl and tjoaunon* in thia pecTcnt

Pndiaaaapt nffitwhladr and by the authority of the fame. That the valuation aforefaid, a»d the appointment of the

®	lnul	mIkiaaniM ko onniiUn/I «njl ma>]n max) amJ	it Avail

{lid valuator*, b« aniwlW and m&t *o>d» and th*t it Ml

vd/w he Uf^fwl and far tfcc mayor, (fcerifi*, and cm* moo council of the city of Cork for the time beiqg dirty # fdfamfrfrd or tb* aujorky of tbam. from time to time by orfcr or ord*»* vn&r <hw hands or th* hands of the q*jo-wy of	to appoint thw or more iabsfeuaou of each

of the pariflxKof the laid city of Cork, to wit* tfce parifli HptyTtimty, othwife called Chrift Church, the pa-rift of ftwt F<mr* the f*rifc of $*u* Fault the pmjffi of fiaiot Mary Shandop* the panto of Saint Aw*e, tha parilh pf SahK pian Barry, and the parilh of foiot Nicholas, to hr valuator* for the making of * valuation or valuations in the fOomaod ftead of the valuation before mentioned* and which .*ibf*ioo or valuations, whfn Jfo made, (hah he and ftwdv the ftead and place of the valuation, in fiwi aft owqtjpoed, and be, enure to and for all and lingular the feveral pur-pofict provided for, declared or intended in and by this and the before mentioned aft ; and that any three or more of the (aid valuators, fo to be appointed, (hall have power and are hereby required to value and afeertain diftinftly and fe-parately the yearly value of each dwelling houfe, outhoufe, office, cellar, liable, linney, and yard in each of the laid re-fjpeftivg paritoes, for which they (hall be appointed valuators ; and that fuch three of more valuators fo to be appointed fhall at the quarter feffions, to be held for the county of the laid city, take the following 03th, or affirmation if a

quaker,

T&efcoentttntb	mti *iglt»ntitmri Gkdrge Ifcl.'	' ^

quakcr, in hen or fbdui ©f arf former oath *r tefcka m ififo* * A.f K oration, cfe.

.	Clip.	|i*	>

/ A. B. dfc fiaeur, or if s qusktr do ejm, tbm I+riUto thtbeji of my knowledge,undyu4gmtia+ muM atir ^K*. ojf * wumttot m \ht ptrifb of

m and for the parijb of	»

m dfi away of hfe rfly jf Horh, without favour or affiekm, indict, or ill mM, Ito my fXrfoh or perfect*'	’	r

&bdtfimmer.

which faid oath or aifiha«rtfoft the juftteea at to faid with Eke

quartet ftlBoWs flit hdhfby Impdweted and atttoriitd to ad* lowers it 7 by

misifter 5 and that ftich three or tAart titan:or* fo to be aA*

appointed (hail have all fuch powers andidtoritos* and

for their laid ftfvdral and rrfpe&ivc pantos, and Mil a&*

do, and ptoceed in the fame foamier to ail intent* sod

perpofes in and for their ttfpe&ive paritoi> ® to w

Wore, or any fettn or mote bf them, wet* impibwettrf

and required to ad, do, and proceed in and by the fold re*:

cited ad.

II.	Provided neverthelefs, That the faid valuator* (haft' Hot to include not iftdlnde in their valuation any houfes, premffes, ot btffld-

ibgi, exempted from being charged by the hud recited

palhtd in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of bk pre*	'

few Mfljefty*8 reigti, entitled* Anna for the tont and morrc*i£

dtrknn 'oahutritfk of boufii in countist of cititc and counties cf

MUto.

III.	And be it further enadted by the authority afore-

(kid, That to feveral valuations, fo to be made by any threedq>ofitcd * as by

or More Of to faid valuators ih and for their foid ‘retpeAJve'ii and ii G 3.

pflrifhet, Aid) be returned fat to fame maimer, and to fack* *8* *c- 48

perfon, and Oiall be depofired in fuch office, and for foch‘tcicilL

porpdfea, as ifl and by the faid recited a& of the eleventh

and twelfthof his prefont Majefty is dire&ed and required p

and that fuch copies'thereof (half be made and delivered and

attefted tofuch perfons, and at fuch times, and for foch puv»

pofts; as in ftidlalb tedted a& h mentioned ; and that co*

plea of {belt valuation*, attefted by the town clerk of th4

City Of Cork, toft in til courts and upon all oOOafions bo

de*ih£d MI and fatisfa&ory evidence of fuch valuation* 5

flnd tor fneh valuators, fo to be appointed, toll be fern-*

fitoried to dpjtefer at the quarter feffions to take the flfordfaid

With 6r:*fcttn*b»on, as the cafe (hull be, in manner and utav

der to penalties, and with like method of WAKWeCy, at

Mentioned fa* to fa\& a& of the eleventh and twelfth yean

of Wsprefent Mfljefty^ reign, with full power fo thejuf*

ticesat the quarter fcffiona to Cxcufe any of to fold *akn

atere, and for the laid-mayors (herids, and common ooum

cO,

* Digitized

by Google

The fevadtaUb and eighteenth Tears of George ILL cd» to appoint other* in the ftead of fuch person or per* font, as the juft ices at the quarter feffions (hall from doe to time think fit to excufe, or the mayor or (hcriffe and common council (hall think fit' to fuper&de or remove from laid office# qr who (hall from time to time die, or remove from fuch parilh, or become incapable of executing faid office.

*‘3* ®f fall IV, And whereat a reafonable allowance ought to be dedoikttU1* nade in the valuations to be made of dwelling bodies, out-decay aad^, houfes, cellars, (tables, and linneys, for and on account of pairs.	decay	and repairs: therefore be it ena&ed by the authority

aforefaid, that the (aid valuators, to be appointed purfuant to this ad, (hall dedud one-third part from the full improved yearly value of the dwclling-houfes, out houfes, cellars, ftables, and linneys by them to be valued, as a reafonable allowance for decay and repairs; and (hall return in their faid valuations only the other two-third parts of the full improved yearly value of fuch dwelling houfes, outhoufes, cellars, linneys, and (lables, as the valuation of fuch dwelling houfes, and outhoufes, cellars, linneys, and ftables, which returns and valuations (hall be final and con-

dufive.

The fuburbs V. And whereas it has been neceflary to afeertain the li-limited and dif- mits of the fuburbs of the faid city by certain bounds, and tinyniihed from *0 diftingoi(h the fame from the north and fouth liberties of city: therefore be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, that the bounds and limits herein after mentioned (hail be taken and deemed to be the bounds and limits between t	the	fuburbs aod liberties of the county of the faid city of

Cork, that is to fay, on the north fide of the faid city the red forge between the lanes leading to Dublin and Mallow < •	and	in Blarney lane the eaft end, and as far as the cod of

Sundays well lane at the weft end of William Taylor’s houfe on the road to Sundays well do6lor Blair's dweUing-houie including as part of faid fuburbs Sundays well lane; and on the eaft fide of faid city the end of William Harrington’s cellars, commonly called the Red Cellars, at a place commonly called Leitrim, and the dream of water at the foot of fair hill, thereby induing Fair lane and Peacock's lane as part of faid fuburbs, and that all the lanes between Blarney lane and Peacock lane to tlje weft fide of the cattle market (HaU be deemed part of the north fuburbs; and oa the fouth fide of the faid city the weft end of the gardens of Stephen Duqroche efquirc on the Bandon road, and as far as the end of Loughtane, now the lough on the road to Kmfale, and the eaft end of the road leading down to Gillaby, and the South end of Gallows green, and the quarry called Coltf-mao's quarry on the top of the hill on the road leading to Pafiage and the houfe of iaduilry and the fouth infirmary

on

Digitized by

Goog

The fcvtnteenth and eighteenth Yeari of George III*	{J99

on the road leading to Black Rock, and the fouth wed end A. D. of Fufariswalk; and that all houfes, offices, ftables, cel- 1777-8. lars, linneys, and yards, fituate or lying within any right line Chap. 38* or right lines, to be drawn between any of the afbre&id li-mits ot points of extent, (hall be deemed or taken as part or parcel of the faid city and fuburbs, and not as part or par- * cel of the faid north or fouth liberties.

VI.	Whereas from doubts ariling with regard to the va- Treafurer lidity of the valuations, made by the valuators appointed un- (hal! applot and der the faid aft of the eleventh and twelfth years of his pre- P*T former fent Majefty's reign, feveral fums of money prefented to be

railed by the grand juries at feveral affizes, held for the jaUrks, &c. county of the faid city fmee the making of the (aid valuations, have not been railed or paid, although feveral of the publick works, for which faid fums were prefented to be raifed and paid, have been executed by the overfeers appointed for carrying on the fame : therefore be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, that the treafurer of the county of the faid city of Cork (hall in the applotment, which he (hall make of fuch publick money, as fhall be prefented to be raifed by the grand jury or grand juries at the firft or fome other affizes, which (hall be held after the palling of this a& for the county of the faid city, applot and pay together with fuch publick money all fuch fums prefented at former affizes, and for which the faid feveral works were done and performed, as have not yet been paid or raifed, and alfo all fuch fums as have been prefented for falaries of officers, and have not been yet paid or raifed.

VII.	And whereas it is deemed unreafonable, that wafte Wafte or uu-or untenanted dwelling houfes, outhoufes, offices, cellars, tenanted not ftables, linneys, and yards (hould, whilft they (hall remain aPP*'*t«i or wafte or untenanted, be applotted and charged with a pro- c

portion of the publick money, prefented to be raifed by the grand jury at the affizes for the county of the faid city : for remedy whereof, be it ena&ed by the authority aforeiatd, that the treafurer of the county of the faid city, in the applotment by him to be made at the end of every affizes to ~ be held for the county of the faid city, (hall not applot or charge with any part or proportion of the publick money, prefented to be raifed by the grand jury at fuch af-ftzes, any dwelling houfe, outhoufe, office, cellar, (table,

Itnney, or yard, which (hall then happen to be wafte or untenanted.

VIII.	And in order that the faid treafurer may know, Conftable* what dwelling houfes, outhoufes, offices, cellars, ftables, lin- (hall return on ncy8, and yards, may then be wafte or untenanted, be it oath to^remfu’ cna&ed by the authority aforefaid, that the feveral confta-

bles of the faid city of Cork and the fuburbs thereof (hall‘or untenanted* k fourteen days from the laft day of each affizes return to penalty $L

the

Digitized by LjOOQle

G jarymay ferdcac fuch turns of money as herein men-

A market provided in loath and north faborhs, with fcales, &c for felliug hay and draw, fubjc& to the within regulations and fines.

ThefivmUenth and eqhtunth Tears of George Ilf. * die faid treafurer in writing upon oath (which oath the (aid treafurer it hereby empowered to admini&er) an c*a& account of inch dwelling houfea, outhoufoc, offices, cellars* (tablet, honeys, and yards, in their refpe&ive parifhes, quar* ters, or didri&a, as (hall be then wade or uoteaanted, under a penalty of five pounds for negfc&ing to make fuch return at aforefaid ; the (aid penalty to be fued for by the treasurer in a fotnmafy way before the mayor, or any of the aldermen of the Ward of the city, according to the fummary jurif-di&ion eftabliffied by a& of Parliament in the laid cky j and when recovered, the laid penalty to be accounted for at part of the publick money by the faid treafarer in aid of the publick money prefented to be railed by the mod jlriet at the affixes to be held for the county of the laid city.

IX.	Be k further fcna&ed by the authority aforefcid. That the gratid jury at each affixes to be held for the county of the faid city (hall have power, if they (hail feecaofo for fo doing, to prefent any fum not exceeding fifty pounds, to be paid to the two high conflablcs of the faid city, acoord-uig to fuch Services as they (hall do for the preservation of the public^ peace of the faid city ; and adfo five pounds for two turnkeys of the gaol of the county of the fiud city; and alio any fum, not exceeding twenty guineas, for the two coroners of the faid county of the faid city for their trouble in executing their office, and in lieu of fees, and indead of the money the grand jury by law are now empowered to pre-fent for the faid coroners; and sdfo /hall have power to prefect a hull of two guineas for thfe attendance of a fargton at each or any kaqued to be held ia and for the faid county of the faid City, provided k (hall appear by the affidavit of one of the cOrondrs, that the attendance of fuch iurgeon was necefiary.

X.	And be k enafbed by the authority aforefaid, That the mayor of the fidd city for the time being (hall be empowered to provide two fuffiderit yards or market places, one in the fotith foburbs, and the other ia .the north fuburhs, of faid cky, with proper (oaks, beams, and weights, for the felling of hay and Afaw by weight; and that no hay or draw (hall be fold in the (aid city, or the fuburbe thereof, except by Wright, under m penalty of fi#e (hillings on the fclkr, to be recovered in a fummfery Way before the mayor or any of the aldermen of the faid city according to the fum-ipnry jimfdi&ion eiUblifhed in the faid fcky, by the frrft per-font who (hall fue for the fame ; nod that no draw dtall he made up in a bundle of Ids weight then fovea pounds under apenaky of one Englifh (hilling on the feller, to be paid to the £*& .perion who (hall fue for the fornc, and to be recovered

Digitized by v^ooQle

The ftventeentb and eighteenth Tears of George III.	40I

>ered in manner aforefaid; and that if any perfon fhall ex- . A. ^ D. pofe to fide in the laid city or fuburbs hay or dray mixed 17Z7-8. with dirt* (tones, or gravel* or made wet to increafe the Chap. 38/ Weight thereof, fuch perfon fhall forfeit fuch hay or draw, v-—*V"****y and incur, befides the forfeiture of the faid hay or ftraw, the laid penalty of five (hillings, to be determined in the (umma-ry way aforefaid, and to go to the fird perfon who fhall fue for the fame.

XI.	And be it cna&ed by the authority aforefaid, That Carmenao(L.1 the mayor, (heriffs, and common council of the faid city la^d^ofder (hall have a power from time to time by their orders of 0f council as council to regulate the condu& of fuch carmen and por- coal porter*, ters, as ply for hire in the fame city and the fuburbs thereof,

in the fame manner as they are by^ the aft of parliament" iovpowercd to regulate the condudi of coal porters in the * faid city.

XII.	Whereas the dreets, lanes, and other pafiages in the faid city of Cork and the fuburbs thereof are greatly annoyed and incommoded by water fpouting from the roofs

of houfes and other buildings, and by fign boards, fign Water con-

pods, and fign irons proje&ing into the faid dreets, lanes, veyf^rom v

and pafiages: therefore be it cnaffced by the authority afore- atkndiorcTsex- *

(aid, that the water from the roofs of all houfes within the pence where

faid city of Cork, and the fuburbs thereof, fhall be conveyed tenant yearly, t

urito or near the ground by pipes or trunks, to be fixed on or Wili* or <

the walls of the faid houfes at the expence of the refpe&ive 7 ^c^r8* a

landlords where the tenant is a yearly tenant or tenant at

will, or where the Icafe in being is for a fhorter continuance

than feven years, and at the expence of the tenant of fuch *

premifes where the leale is for a longer continuance; and

that all figns and (hew boards (hall be placed or fixed on the

fronts of and clofe to the houfes, fh >ps, ware-houfes, or

buildings, wheteunto they fhall refpe&ively belong, in the

faid city and the fuburbs thereof 5 and that no figns, drew

boards, pods, or figns, (hall projedl from the houfes or

buildings into any of the dreets, lanes, or pafiages in the

laid city or the fubuibs thereof; and in cafe any luch perfon

or perfons fhall negled or refufe to alter any of the faid

annoyances for the (pace of fourteen days after he, (he, or

they fhall have received notice in writing from the mayor

to alter or remove the fame, fuch perfon or perfons fhall for

every fuch refufal or neglect forfeit the fum of ten (hillings,

to be recovered before the mayor or any of the aldermen of

the ward of the faid city according to the fummary method

herein before mentioned, fuch penalties to go to the ufe of

the work houfe of faid city.

XIII.	Whereas the pra&ice of trawling, carried on in the Trawling la harbour of Cork, tends to the injury of the fifhery thereof: f orJJI“rbouIt therefore be it enabled by authority aforefaid, that if any 0^!aera!

VoL. VI.	C	c	perfon	T *

A. D.

1777-S. Chap- 38.

and the boat, tackle. Sec to the houfe of in-

7he feventeentJj and eighteenth Tea ft of George III; perfbil or perfons (hall from and after the firft day of Auguft next take or deftroy any fi(h whatfoever (oyfters excepted) in the harbour of Cork inftde of the points called the Co* and Calf by trawling, firch perfoq cr perfons (hall on due proof thereof made before the mayor of the city, or any one or more of the juftices of the peace of the county of the faid city, or any one or more of the juftices of thi peace fccb<)Br!& *>r°"	county	of	Cork,	contiguous	to the faid harbour, for-

feit the fur* of ten pounds, together with" the boat or vdTd which (hall be employed in fuch trawling or fifhing, with all tackle, fails, and rigging, together with fuch fifhing trawls and geer made ufe of in fuch trawling, one moiety of the faid fum of ten pounds, and one moiety of the mo-ney that may arife by the fale of fuch forfeited beat or veflfel, and of her tackle, fails, and rigging, and of fuch fifhing trawl and geer, to go to the ufe of the houfe of is-tfuftry of the faid city of Cork, and the other moiety thereof to go to the ufe of fuch perfon or perfons as Ihall firft fue for the fame,

Ma r’ftnr- XIV. And for the more cffeftual bringing to juflicc fuch riwtTf-.zcvef* perfon or perfons as (hall be guilty of the faid offence of felt fotiawling, trawling in the faid harbour of Cork be it enabled by the and ctrry prr- authority aforefaid, that the mayor of the faid city of Cork fhall iffue from time to time, as occafion (hall require, a warrant direfted to the water bailiff of the faid city, or his det puty or deputies, or to any other fpecial officer or officers by him to be appointed for that purpofe, requiring him or them to feize, arreft, and attach, and take into his or their cuftody, any boat or veffel that he or they or any of them fliall find trawling for fifh in the faid harbour of Cork (oyllers only excepted) infide faid poiuts called the Cow and Calf, and to carry the faid boat or veffel, with hertackl*', la !s, and rigging, together with her fiftiing trawls and goer, to force convenient place within the (aid harbour, there to be detained until the caufe of feizure (hall be determined purfuant to the meaning hereof, and to carry the feveral perfons, that fhall be found trawling in fuch boat or veffel, before the laid mayor of the faid city, or any one or more of the juf-tices of the peace of the county of the faid city, or any one or P' re of the faid juftices of the peace of the faid county of Cork contiguous to the faid harbour, in order to have the faid matters heard and determined, and according the true i lent and meaning hereof: and that the faid mayor, or any of the faid juftices, (ball have power on the conviction of the parties for fuch trawling to corpmit the perfon, not paying .us proportion of the faid penalty, to his Majefty's gaol fur the county of the faid city, or for the faid county of Cork, according to the refpe&ive jurifdidio&s of the faid mayor or of fuch juftices, for the payment

of

for a before a magiftrate t»ll determined, fee.

x

The feveententh and Eighteenth Tears of George III. of fuch penalty, fuch nr.prifonment not to exceed one month.

XV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid, That no bricks (hall be burned, or any clamp of bricks be fet to be burned, within two miles Engliih ftatute meafure, to be computed from the exchange of the faid city

of Cork; and in cafe any perfon or perfons (hall burn or ^iicFfrom the caufe to be burned any brfcks, or (hall fet on fire any clamp exchange, pe-of bricks, or any clay fhaped or tempered for bricks, within naky 10I. two miles English ftatute meafure, to be computed as afort-faid, the perfon or perfons fo offending for every fuch offence (hall forfeit the fum of ten pounds, to be recovered by civil bill at the affixes, to be held for the county of faid city, by the firft perfon that (hall fue for the fame ; one moiety of th^ faid fum of ten pounds to go to the governors of the workhoufe of the city for the ufe of the faid work-houfe ; and the other moiety of the faid fum of ten pounds to go to the perfon fo fuing for the fame.

XVI.	And for the more effeftual prevention of burning Magiftrate bricks within the limits aforefaid, be it enafted by theautho- on view or oath rity aforefaid, that befides the. faid penalty of ten pounds

the mayor of the faid city, or any of hisMajefty’sjuftices of Clamps. * the peace of the county of the (aid city, fnall have power, and are hereby required, on view or on information on oath to iffue his or their warrant or warrants to extinguilh, abate, or deftroy any clamp or parcel of bricks or of clay, that (hall be fet on fire to be burned into or for bricks within two miles Englifh ftatute meafure, to be computed as aforc-(aid.

A. Df 1777-8. Chap. 38.

Bricks not

XVII.	Whereas a confidcrable expence hath been incur- . Giving away red in fupplying the city of Cork and the fuburbs thereof E^^udng i*t with water: be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, that 5to«. to work* if the owner or poffeffor of any pipe or branch of any pipe houfe and in-in the faid city or liberties thereof, rented or to be rented former* from the mayor, (heriffs, and commonalty of the faid city,

or from the committee deputed or to be deputed by them,

(hall give away pipe water, or permit or fuffer any perfon to give or carry away pipe water from fuch pipe or branch of any pipe, fuch perfon fo offending (hall forfeit for every fuch offence the fum of twenty fnillings, to be recovered in the fummary way aforefaid before the faid mayor or any of the aldermen of the ward of the &id city by the firft perfon that (hall fue for the fame, one moiety thereof to go to the governors of the workhoufe and the other moiety thereof to go to the informer.

XVIII.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, Penalty for That if any perfon (hall put in a branch pipe into any ofa branch pipe the mains or pipes laid for the conveyance of Crater in any

^ C 2r	Of	^

Digitized by

Buildings or

inclofurts entered to repair pipe*, *c. paying damages, a* ali'ercaiiitd by 2 per Tons,

I on each fide, or by an umpire, refilling entrance 20a.

*7 -:f fevcr.temt!) anJ eighteenth Tiars of George III. of the ll reels, lane?, or paflages in the faid city and fefy-urbs thereof, or Avail have a branch pipe conveyed into or near any dwelling hoiife or outhoufc in the laid city or the fuburbs thcreci, from the branch pipe of any other perfon in the laid city or the fuburbs thereof, without the confer:! and authority of the (aid mayor, flierifls, and commonalty of the faid city, or of fuch committee as aforefaid, in order that fuch perfon may be fupplied with pipe water without paying for the fame, that then and in fuch cafe every perfon fo offending fhall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of ten pounds, to be recovered by civil bill before the judges of aftize at the general afllzes to be held for the county of the faid city by the (11ft perfon, who fhall foe for the fame ; one moiety of the faid forfeiture of ten pounds to go to the governors ot the workhoufe of the faid city for the ufe of the faid workhoufe, and the other moiety thereof to go to ufe of the informer, or perfon firit fuing for the fame.

XIX.	And be it enafled by the authority aforefaid. That if any building or enclofure of ground hath been made in the laid city of Cork, the fuburbs or liberties theie-of, where pipes or mains have been laid, or aquedufls ere&-ed, or hereafter fhall be laid or erected, for fupplying the laid city or the fuburbs thereof with water, that it fhall and # law ful for the mayor, fherifFs, and commonalty, or the faid committee, or any one or more of the faid committee, with workmen, from time to time when fuch raaius, pipes, or aqueduclb (hall be out. of order, to cuter into and upon fuch buildings and enclofures, or into any ground through which fuch mains, pipes, or aquedudls (hall be laid or eredbed, in order to repair the fame, paying all luch damages as the owner or owners (hail luffer thereby, to be afeertained in a luminary way by two perfons, one to be appointed by the faid mayor, flierifis, and commonalty, or^y the faid committee, or the majority of the laid committee, and the other of the faid two perfons to be appointed by fuch owner or owners, and in cafe fuch two perfons fhall not agree, then fuch damages to be afeertained by a third perfou, to be nominated as umpire by the laid two perfons fo to be appointed as aforefaid ; and in cafe the owner or owners of fueh buildings, inclofures, or ground fnall refufe permiflion for entering in the fame to repair the faid mains, pipes, aque-dudls aforefaid, in manner aforefaid, that then and for every inch refufal fuch owner or owner J ft all forfeit the fum of twenty (hillings, to be recove;ed in the fummary way afore-laid before the mayor of the faid city, or any of the aider-men ot the waid ot the fame, by the (irft perfon who (hall fue for the fame \ one moiety qf the faid forfeiture to go to

* *	the

The feventeentb and eighteenth Tears ‘-of George III. the governors of the workhoufe of ‘the hud city for the ufe of the (aid workhoufe, and the other moiety thereof to go to the ule of the informer, or hrll perion that fhall fue for the fame.

XX.	Whereas the films, appropriated to he paid to the governors cf the workhoufe oi the city of Cork, are not found fufneient for the fwpportdr maintenance of the foundling, deferted or expofed children in the faid city, and the fuburbs thereof: and whereas by an a& naifed in the eleventh and twelfth years of his prefent Mijtfly's reign, in-titled, An a3 for relief of poor infants, who arc or /ball he Je-frted by their parents, the pari Hies in the city of Ccrk are’ exempted from taking or receiving any deferted or expofed children ; and whereas by the means a fore fa id many foundling, deferted, or expofed children have miferably perifhed in the faid city: for the prevention thereof for the future be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the church war-derls^of the feveial parilhes in the faid city of Cork, and the fuburbs thereof may if they fhal! think proper to take into their care and pofteflion any infmt children, that fhall be deferted and expofed in their refpeflive parities, and that they may provide for fuch infant children pioper r.urfes, clothing, and other necefTaries fufficient for the fupport o£ fuch infant children, and that the expences thereof fhall be railed on the inhabitants of the faid pariflies rcfpc&ively by parifh rates, in the fame manner as the repairs of the parifh churches or other ufua! panfn rates arc raided $ and that the church wardens fhall refpeftively take an account, when any fuch deferted or expofed infant child fhall be taken by them in their refpective parifhes, and fhall in two days at fartheft after taking of fuch infant return in writing to the matter •of the wqrkhoufe of the faid city an account of the time and place of taking fuch deferted or expofed children $ and the faid matter of the faid workhoufe fhall keep a book, in ’which he fhall enter the returns of the faid church warden* in priority, as the f.ine fhall be made, and that the faid mnf-terof the workhoufe fhall lay the faid book before the governors qf the faid workhoufe, .or the court of attiftants belonging to the Tame, whenever the faid governors or court of afSttant# .Stall meet, ^nd that whenever the funds of the (aid wprkhoufe fhall anfwcr to take one*or more of the faid deferted or exjx>fcd ciuldren cn the foundation of faid workhoufe, to be provided for agreeable to the ail of Parliament ir\ that*cafe made and provided, the faid governors or the faid court of aflitlants flaall take from faid refpective pa-fiflbes. filch and fo many of the faid deferted and expofed in-,fent children, as the funds of the Ibid workhoufe' will then "allow of, and according to the priority of fuch deferted or

expofed

Workhoufe fun U nifuitt-citnt rufup-j ort t’oaai-

iillgS,

fnd by I'r and 12 O. c. 15.

parilhes in Coik exempted from taking them, Sic.

her cm.

Digitized by

Google

fined sot above

Si

The Jrventeenth and eighteenth Tears of George III. expofed children being taken on the fald pari/he* in manner aferefaid.

XXI.	And whereas the adminiftration cf juftice in the court of quarter feffions, held in and for the faid county of the faid city of Cork, bath been greatly impeded by the non-attendance of the gTand jurors, petty jurois, and witnefles : be it therefore ena&cd by the authority aforefaid, that it (hall and Grind or pet- may be lawful for the mayor and jufticcs of the peace for ty juror,Scc' not the county of the faid city, for the recorder of the faid d* twTffi" n?on " *y. or t},e dcPuty recorder of the &id city, as they or any fuxmnons, if no of them {hall happen to prefidc at the faid court of qiiar. fafficicat excu # ter feffions, or at any adjournment thereof, to impofe a fine not exceeding five pounds on any grand juror, petty juror, or witnefs, that fhall be legally fummoned to attend at the {aid court of quarter feffions or at any adjournment thereof, and (hall refute or negle& to appear pursuant to the faid fummong, and for whom no fufficient excufe (haU be laid before the court; and that it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid mayor and juftices, and to and for the faij recorder or deputy recorder, as they or any of them (haU happen to prefidc at the faid court of quarter feffions or at any adjournment thereof, to iflue from and out of the faid court procefs from time to time in the nature of an execution, dire&ed to the ferjeants at mace, the conftables of the county of the {aid city, and the bailiffs of the fame, or to any one or more of them, to levy the faid fine off the goods and chatties of fuch grand juror or petty juror, or wltneft, who fhall be fo fined as aforefaid ; and in cafe any fuch wir-nefs (hall be a feme covert* to levy the faid fine off the good* and chatties of the hufband of fuch	;	and	that

the laid fine, when levied, fhall be paid over to the governors of the workboufe of the faid city of Cork for the ufe of the laid workhoufe, deducing thereout the fum of two {hillings and fix pence, to be paid to the clerk of the peace for the county of the faid city for his trouble in making out and muing the faid procefs, nnd deducing thereout the further fum of ttvo ihilling6 and firf pence, to be paid to fuch of the faid ferjeants at mace, confbbles, or bailiffs, as fhall execute the faid procefs, for his or their trouble-

XXII.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it enabled by the authority aforefaid^ That the deputy recorder of the (aid city for the time being fhall take all luch oaths, as the recorder for the time being ought to take, only fubftituting in fuch oaths refpe&ively the words deputy recorder, in the place and dead of the word recorder; and that the feveral courts and pertaaa authorized to adminilter oaths to the recorder

fines to the work houfe, deducing expenses.

Deputy to tike luch oaths

fc* recorder.

Digitized

byGoOgk

The frventeenth and eightcrnth Tears of George III.	407

Cprder of the faid city for the time bein^ (hall have full power A. D. and authority to adminifter fuch oaths as aforefaid to fuch 1777-8. deputy recorder as aforefaid for the time being.	Ch	p.	38.

XXIII.	That the feveral truitccb, appointed or to be appointed for the widening or improving the feveral itreets, Truftecs for Mays, and paffages in the faid city and fuburbs purfuant to widening ftrcet* an a& palTed in the fifth year of his prefent Majefty's reign, tJ pUrciufe ^ entitled, dn a3 for the altering and amending the fevered jla- houlo and tutes heretofore made for the letter regulation of the city of Corky grounds, &c. . for regulating trials by juries in the court of record of the faid cityf Sind for ejlabldbing market juries in faid city, andfor • <l;ng wide and convenient ways y flreets, and paffages in the faid city a <'nh-yrbs thereof\ and for preventing frauds committed by the balerf and meal keepers of the faid cityt /hall have power from time to time to purchafe not only the feveral houfes, grounds, and buildings for the widening faid flreets, wars, and paffages, but alfo any quantity of ground, together with the edifices thereon, not exceeding thirty feet backwards, of any of faid ftreets# ways, or paffages fo widened or improved, or intended to be widened or improved, be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the mayor, (heriffs, conft ibles, or market juries of fai4 Mayor, &c. city, or any three or more of faid jury, to feize any (land, feizc suitable, balket, roots, fruit, blocks, timber, planks, benches,	a”^*c

flicks, calks, anchor, or other obflrudtion or annoyance, p0UIUj^ ftanding or lying in any of the flreets, lanes, or alleys of {aid city, and to caufe the fame to be removed to the pub-lick pound of faid city,, and there to detain the fame until the owner or owners do pay to the mayor of the faid city five (hillings to redeem the fame $ and in cafe the fame (hall TOt be claimed, and the penalty pf five (hillings with expence of removing paid within two days after feizure, that it may be lawful for faid niajbr to caufe the fame to be apprized and fold, and the refidue of the money arifing therefrom, after paying the penalty and charges, to be returned to the owner or owners who (hall demand the fame ; the faid penalty of five (hillings for every fuch offence to be paid by the mayor, when recovered, to the governors of the houfc of induftry of faid city for the ufe of the faid houfc of in-duflry.

XXVI.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid,

That all penalties, not herein otherwise particularly provide	f

ed for, (hall be raifed and levied by diftrefs and fale of the provided for, offender's goods; and in cafe no goods or chatties of the raifed by diftrefc. perfons fo offending can at the time of fuch conviction be found, then and ia Inch cafe it (hall be lawful for the f i I mayor> aldermen, or jufliccs, before whom fuch offender

fludl

4

Digitized by

Google

4°8	The	fevenieenth	and eighteenth Tears of George III,

A. P.	(hall be convifted,	to commit fuch offender to the houfe of

1777-8.	correftion, there to	be kept to hard labour for any time nor

Chap. 38. exceeding three months.

XXV. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, ma^fcad^cne ^at ^ ai)y aftion or fait fhall be commenced, or any re-ral ifFuc* and * pkviu fliall be brought, againfl any perfon for taking of any give the matter	diftrefs, making of	any faJe, or doing any other thing by

in evidence ;	authority of this aft, or of any other aft of parliament re-

nunfuit°<&c,n hiin£ *°	^ defendant or defendants, avowant

?	*	or avo wants, or others making conufance in fuch aftioc,

fuit, or replevin, may either plead the general iflue or other* wife make avowry, conufance, or juftification generally, that the faid diftrefs, fale, trefpafs, or other thing, whereof the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall complain, wab taken, made, or done by authority of this aft, or of fuch other aft of parliament as a fore faid, and fhall and may give this or fuch other aft of parliament and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial • thereupon, and that the faid diflrtfs or other matter or thing, for which fuch aft ion, fuit, or replevin fhall be fo brought, was taken or done in purfuance and authority of this aft, or of fuch other aft of parliament as aforefaid; and in cafe that the plaintiff or plaintiffs in fuch aftion, fuit, or replevin, fhall difeontinue his, her, or their faid fuit or replevin, or be nonfuited, or the defendant or defendants, avowant or avowants, or perfon or perfons fo making conufance or jtifti-fying, fhall obtain judgment againfl tne faid plaintiff or plaintiffs on verdift, demurrer, or by default, that fuch defendant, avowant, or perfon making conufance, or jufti-lying, fhall recover double cofts of fuit, and fhall have fuch remedy for recovery of the fame, as any defendant Inay £ave by law for cofts in any other caufe ; and, if the plaintiffs fhall have proceeded'by way of replevin, fhall alfo have judgment for recovery of the diftrefs taken.

A publkk XXVI. Be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, Thai this aft be deemed, and adjudged, and taken to be a publick aft, and judicially taken notice of by all judges, juftices, and other perfons whatfoever without fpecilly pleading the (aipe, and that the fame do pafs as a public^

%a.

CHAR

Digitized by

Google

The froenteentl and eighteenth Tears of George III.	*40*)

1	'	A~ D.

CHAP- XXXIX-	J777^,

\Jtn aS for altering, amending, and making more effectual an Amended by*

/or repairing the road leading from the totvn of Nenagb	a0

in the county of Tipperary through the towns of Birr and ■ Firbane in the King's county to Cuhranaboy-bridge on the turnpike road leading to Athlone in the county of JVeJtmeath/ and alfo for other purpoftt therein mentioned.

WHEREAS an aft paffe^ In the thirteenth year of the reign of his late Majefty George the fecond, entitled, An aB for the repairing the road leading from the -13G,%.s? town of Nenagh in the county of Tipperary through the towrx x^

Xf Birr and Firbane in the King's county, to Curranaboy-Iridge on the turnpike read leading to Athlone in the county of Vfejlmeath : and whereas the laid road is at prefent in a very bad flate, and it is found by experience, that the tolls and ’duties, granted and made payable by the faift aft, have not beenSufficient to keep the fame in fufKcierit order and repair, and alfo to make a reafonable provifion for fuch creditors as aforefaid, and that notwith (landing the expence already made thereupon, the faid road is now in a ruinous condition: and whereas the tolls and duties granted by the faid aft were to take place and continue from the fecond day of June one thoufand feven hundred and forty for forty years and no longer, and it is found expedient to make the feveral provifions herein after mentioned for the more effectually amending and repairing the faid road, and keeping the fame in good order and repair, and for paying the debts no\v due on account of the faid roads to the honed and fair creditors: be it enafted by the King’s mod excellent Majefty by and with the advice arid confcnt of the lords fpi? ritual and temporal and .commons in this prefent Parliament* and by the authority of the fame, \hat for the better fur* •jYnftsetrf' veying, ordering, and amending, and keeping in repair the ^ roa(j Ap. faid highway or road, the honourable Robert Rochfort, fir pointed.

William Parfons, John Lloyd, Peter Holmes, - Thomas Coghlan, reverend Thomas £>aw(bn, Henry Prittie, John Bayley, Daniel Toler, Francis Sadler, William Vaughan;

John- Greene, Wentworth Patfons, John Head, Daniel Rogers, George Pepper, Samuel Judge, Charles Minchiti|

Samuel Abbot, James Otway, reverend archdeacon Synge,

Richard Gafon, Theobald Pepper, captain John Robinfon}

Charles Atkinfon, major GeOrge Clargcs, William Newftead;

Andrew Armftrong of Callen, Lawrence Parfons,

Mullock, efquire, counsellor at law, Guftavua Handcock, reverend Anthony Malone, Edmond Malone of

Ballynahown,

Digitized by

Tbtfivmtmth andaghutntb Tran of George IH. Ballynahown, George Clibbom, James Clibborn, John Loftus Cuppaidge, Richard Pennefather, Thomas Woods, Benjamin Woods, revetend Abraham Downes, revereoJ Abraham Downes, junior, Jeremiah Hanks, John Wib kinfon, Robert Jacklon, major Upton, Thomas Bernard, junior, Anderfon Saunders, Richard Faulkner, Michael Menitt, George Stoney, William Smith, William Woodward, William Woodward, junior, John Toler, Thomas Otway, Cooke Otway, John Bay Icy, junior, George Harden, Henry Duggan, Denis Kelly, John Kelly, reverend Thomas Falkner, Robert Dillon, John Greene, major Edmond Malone, John Head, Morgan O’Mara, Henry O’Brien, George Heney, Jonathan Willington, Thomas Stoney, George Synge, Csefar Otway, Stafford O’Brien, Thomas Pepper, William Pennefather, Simon Pepper, Richard Beggs, Thomas Falkner of Lifbrien, Edward Ledger, JoTeph Rogers, Paul Minnitt, Jofiah Minnitt, John Willington, George Jacklon, Manfell Andrews, Henry Palmer, Ralph Smyth, reverend John Smyth, and the fur-vivors and furvivor of them, be nominated and appointed truffees of the faid road, and they or any five or more of them, or fuch perfon or perfons as they (hall authorize or appoint, may after the firft day of Auguft. one thoufand fe-ven hundred and feventy-eight ere& or caufe to be ere&ed one or more gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes, in, upon, or acrofeany part or parts of faid highway or road, and alfo a toll lioufe, or toll houfes, and there receive or take the tolls and duties following, before any horfe, mare, mule, gelding, cattle, coach, berlin, chariot, calalh, chaife, chair, capriole, waggon, wain, cart, carr, or other carriage, (hall be permitted to pals through the fame (to wit) for every coach, berlin, chariot, chaife, or chair drawn by fix horfes, geldings, mares, or mules, the Turn of two {hillings and three pence; and for every coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chaife, or chair drawn by any leffer number of horfes, geldings, mares, or mules, than fix, and more than two, one (hilling and fix pence: for every coach, berlin, chariot, calafb, thufe, cx chair drawn by two horfes, geldings, marcs, or mules, nine pence; for every waggon, wain, Cart, or other Carriage with four wheels, drawing beams or grofs timber, the fum of fifteen (hillings; and tor every waggon, wain,

tt, or other carriage, drawing beams or other grofs tim-, the fum of one (hilling and fix pence; for every wain. Cart, dr other carriage with two wheels, drawn by two or more horfes, marts, geldings, moles, or oxen, the film of fcven (hillings and fix pence; for every cart, or other carrir age drawn with two horfes, geldings, mares, or mules, the fum of fix pence; for every carriage, commonly called 4 chair or chafe, or capriole, with one horfe, mart, mule, or

gelding.

The feventeenth and eighteenth Tears of George III* gelding, the fum of fix pence ; for every car, or other car A. D. riage, drawn but by one horfe, mare, mule, or gelding, 1777-8. the fum of three half pence, excepting cars laden with turf. Chap. 39. £nd for each of them three farthings; and for any horfe or	$

other cattle laden with turf, not drawing, three farthings; for every otherhorfe, mare, or gelding, mule, or afs, laden or unladen, not drawing, three half pence; for every drove of oxen, cows, or neat cattle, the fum of two (hillings and Hx pence per fcore, and fo in proportion for any greater or leiTer number; for every drove of calves, hogs, Iheep, goats, or lambs, the fum of (even pence halfpenny per (core, and fb in proportion for any greater or lefler number; which laid refpeftive fum or fums of money (hall be demanded and taken in the name of or as a toll or duty.; and the money to be raifed as aforefaid is and (hall be hereby veiled in the laid trullees; and the fame, and every part thereof, (hall be paid, applied, and difpofed, and albgntd to and for the feverai ufes, intents, and purpofes, in fuel) manner as herein after mentioned and directed; and that the faid trullees, or anyjcv5cj 1,-five or more of them, be impowered by themfelves, or any c ** perfbn or perfons by them or any five or more of them under their bands and feals thereunto authorized, to levy the toll or duty hereby required to be paid upon any perfon or perfons, who (hall after demand made thereof negleft or re-fufe to pay the fame, by diilrefs of any 'horfe or horfies, or	■	.j

other cattle or goods, upon which fuch toll or duty may by this aft be impoLd, or upon any of the goods and chatties of fuch perfon or perfons who ought to pay the fame, and may detain and keep the fame, until fuch toll or duty with the reafonable charges of fuch dillraining and keeping (hall he paid; and that it may be lawful to and for the perfon and perfons fo difiraining, after the fpace of five days after fuch diltref3 made and taken, to fell the goods diftrain-ed, returning the overplus (if any be) upon demand to the	»

owner thereof, after fuch toll or duty, and reafonable charges	T

for diftraiaing and keeping the fame, lhall be dedufted and ............. J

paid.

IL And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, that out of the firll money, arifing out of the profits of the feverai turnpikes to be erc&ed, the laid truilees, or any five or more of them, lhall firfl pay and difeharge the expences of procuring this aft of parliament, and of crefting fuch turnpike or turnpikes, and building and tepairing fuch toll houfe or toll houfes, and buying or renting ground to ere& or build the fame upon; aud from and after fuch charges Applied, and expences (hall be fully fatisfied and paid, that then and sdter dm gen from thenceforth the whoh of the profits arifing from the P*jd,to ' tolls, to be collefted in purfuancc of this aft at any	^

juke or turnpikes, that now are or hereafter lhall be crefted ro^i% . s

or

Digitized by i^ooQle

If t farphu, IS may by order reduo tolL

-ce the

6n complaint

The frucnternth and eighteenth Tears of George III* or fet up from the road leading from the town of Nenagh in the county of Tipperary through the towns of Birr and Firbar.e in the King's county to Curranaboy bi dg • on the turnpike road, leading to Athlone in the county or WclU meath, and alfo the road herein after mentioned leading from the faid town of Nenagh to the faid town of Birr, fhall be applied for and towards the repair and fhortening of the faid road,

III.	Provided always, that no part of the money arifing from faid tolls fhall be applied to any other purpofe, except to the repair of the faid road; and that the truftecs fhafl be accountable for fuch furplus, as ihall remain, after the faid road fhall be effectually repaired; and if ft (hall be found, that faid road can be kept in good and effe&ual repair for *. left fum, than that which fhall be annually produced by the tolls impofed by this ait, that then and fo often as there fhall be any furplus, the faid eommiffioners, or any fifteen or more of them, fhall, in fuch proportion as they fhall think fit, by order their hands nnd feals reduce the tolls impofed and made payable by this aft.

w_______________ IV.	Provided alfo, that if any complaint fhall be made

toiudgeofalT;^, to any of the judges of aflize for the county of Tipperary, ordered to be King’s county, or county of Wcftmeath, that any part of repaired out of the fold r02Uj ^ out of repair, fuch judge, to whom fuch complaint (hall be made, fhall examine into the matter of fuch complaint upon oath in a fummary way; and if he lhali •	find, that any part of the faid road is out of repair, he (hall

by an order in writing dire# the whble of the fakl tolU, or fo much as fhall be necefiary for the purpofe, to be applied to putting the faid road into fuch repair as herein before ‘mentioned.

•tv- f,f.,r,n Y* And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, that the of every aflize* treasurer of the tolls of the faid road fhall on the firft day of to return ac- every affizes return to the clerk of the crown of each county, count on oath to where a gate fhall be cre&ed, a particular account, figned drown clerk. by him, an(j venfied by an affidavit at the foot thereof, fwom before one of the judges of affize for faid county or ’counties nefpedlivcly, fpecifying the fum received at each turnpike gate refpcftivcly on the faid road, the fums paid by him, to whom, for what, and when, and the balance if any remaining in his hands; and the clerk of the crown fhall lay the fame before the grand jury at the faid affixes, to be infpefted by them, and fhall afterwards file the feme ia fcis. office.

^ .	..	VI.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, that

feied notabovc ^ Wreafurer fhall negleft to return fuch account at the joi. or impri- time herein mentioned for that purpofe, he (bull he inca-fcoed opt above pable of holding or exercifing fuch office; and the judge of fix months. affize is hereby authorized upon due proof of fuch omiffiqa

of

Digitized by Google

77»/; frventeenth and eighteenth Tears ef George II!.	41$

or negledt to fine the faid treafurcr in any film not exceed-	A. D*

ing fifty pounds, and in default of payment of the fa d fine	1777-8*

to imprifon the faid treafurcr for any time not excecdi ig fix Chap. 39. months; fuch fine or fines to be applied in the fame manner, and for the fam^ purpofes, as. the tolls for the me of laid 103d.

VII.	Provided always, that if a rcafonabli excufe upon unlelscxodk oath for fuch omiffion fhall be laid before fuc 1 judge of af- on oal^ fize, and allowed by him, fuch treafurcr (hall not be fubjeft

to fuch disqualification or fine.

VIII.	And be it enadled by the authority aforefaid. That Puoifhed fee if any perfon, taking the oaths or making the affidavits hen;- perjury.

in before mentioned, fhall be guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury in fuch oaths or affidavits, fuch perfon.or perfons ihajl upon conviction thereof incur and fuffer the like pains and penalties, to which any other perfon convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury is liable by the laws and ftaUtcs of this kingdom.

IX.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, that Sums paid to the fums of tnoney, which fhall be paid to the faid creditors creditors a full in pnrfuance of this adt, fhall be deemed and taken to be fatisfa&ion. and fhall be a full fatisfaclion for their faid debts.

X.	And whereas the faid highway or road leading from Tfcfcroad car-the town of Nenagh to the town of Birr in..the faid county r5ed *" ™>*ed** of Tipperary may be confiderably fho.rtened, and madere

more convenient for travellers, by carrying the fame in a more diredl line: be it enadled by the authority aforefaid, that the faid road fhall be carried in a new and more direft line according to the furvey heretofore made thereof, faid new line to commence from John Coflello’s forge on the lands of Graige in faid county Tipperary, and to end at the houfe of James Piper on the faid lands of Graige, which faid new line contains in the whole one hundred and fixty perches and an half; and the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, are hereby ordered and impowered to apply a fufficient fum for making faid new fine of road, and in- ‘	*

clofing the fame, and to make fuch recompence and fatis-fadtion for the fame out of the tolls or duties arifing by virtue of this a& by fuch a fum, as fhall not exceed in the	,	i

whole the fum of fifty pounds fterling.

XI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- Permitting

faid, that if any perfon or perfons whatfoever owning, rent- Pafi;*Se to avoid •	>	.	r	.	*.	.	•,	toil, and	perfon#

mg, or occupying any land near unto any turnpike now n-

erected, oj hereafter to be eredled in purfuance of this act,

ihall for irin, or reward, or ctherwife permit , any perfo/i

or perfons whatfoever to-pafs through any gate, paffag'e,

or any way with any coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chaife,

or chair, or capriole, waggon, wain, cart, carj or	*

ether carriage, or riding, ox driving, or drawing any horfe.

Digitked

i by Google

• Side gates ere&ed.

fo as no doable charge.

5 Truftees at meeting to appoint treafurer, clerk, and over-iecr,

and remove.

and appoint allowance.

The feventeenth nnd eighteenth Tears of George Iff. afa, mule, or any other fort of cattle, to avoid the payment of the toll hereby appointed to be paid, and fball thereof be convicted upon oath of one or more credible witnelsor witneffes before the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, or before dne or more juflice or juftices of the peace for the county wherein fuch offence or offences (hall be committed, which oath fuch truftees, and juflice or juftices, arc refpedively hereby impowered and required to adminifter, and to bear and determine upon the fame in a fummary waj, every fuch perfon or perfons fo permitting, and alfo the per-fons who fhall pafs through any ground to avoid paying faid toll or duty, fhall forfeit and pay to the truftees authorized to put this aft into execution the film of twenty (hillings, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods by warrant under the hand and feal of faid juft ice or juftices, or under the hands and feals of the faid truftees, ox; any five or more of them, fuch juflice or juftices, or faid traders, rendering the overplus (if any be) to the owner of fuch goods, the charges in taking and difpofing of the faid goods being fir ft dedufted, which penalty fhall be expended by the faid tniflees in the repair of the faid road.

XII.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore-faid, that it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, to ereft one or more gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes, on the fide of the highway or road acrofs any way or lane leading out of the f«d road, and toll houfe or toll houfes, and there- to receive and take fuch toll as is appointed by this aft to be taken, fo as that the fame do not extend to a double charge in cafe of palling through any other of the turnpikes now erefted, or hereafter to be erefted by virtue of this aft, from the road

. leading from the faid town of Ncnagh through the (aid .towns of.Birr and Firbane to Curranaboy bridge as afoie-. faid.

XIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore-faid, that the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, it their firft meeting or any fuccceding meetings by writiilg under their hands and feals, (hall and may deft, nominate, and appoint one fit perfon to be receiver or treafurer for the purpofes of receiving the faid tolls, and one Other perfon to be clerk or regifter, and overfeer, or furveyor, for the pur-pofe of writing and keeping the minutes belonging to the laid road, and viewing the repairs and condition of the faid road, and (hall and may from time to time renove fuch receiver or treafurer, clerk, regifter, and ovetfeer, or either of them, as they (hall fee occafion, and appdint new ones in cafe of death, refignation, or of fuch removal; and the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, (hall and may out of the money arifing by the faid toils or -duties pay or

allow



Digitized by

Google

The feventeenth and eighteenth Years of George Ilf.

«How to the faid receiver or treafurer, derk, regifter, or overfeer, in confideration of his and their trouble in the execution of his and their office and offices fuch fum and Turns as to the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, (hall ieem good, To as fuch allowance or payment to fuch receiver or treafurer do not annually exceed ten pounds, and to fuch clerk, regifter, and oveifeer, do not annually exceed ten . pounds.

XIV.	Provided always, that the perfon or perfons nominated to fuch offices of treafurer, receiver, and clerk, and regifter, and overfeer, or either of them, fhall not ad: in fuch office or offices, until they and each of them refpe€tively fhall firft enter into fecurity by bond and warrant with two fufficient perfons as fureties in the fum or penalty of five hundred pounds, payable to the truftees of the faid road, conditioned that fuch officer or officers refpe&ively fhall truly and faithfully account for and pay all fuch fum and fums of money, as they fhall refpedively from time to time* receive out of or for the tolls and duties made payable by virtue of thi3 a& to the truftee9 of the faid road, when and a3 often as they fhall be thereunto refpedivcly required, and for the faithful execution and difeharge of the faid refpedive offices; and every fuch bond and warrant, as foon as the fame fhall be executed, (hall be lodged in the hands of the principal creditor of the faid road, who fhall be prefent at the meeting of the faid. truftees, & which fuch bond and warrant (hall be executed; and if no creditor'be prefent at fuch meeting, that then the faid bond and warrant, or bonds and warrants, (hall be lodged in the hands of the chairman of the board of meeting, at which fuch bonds fhall be perfected.

XV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, that it fhall and may be lawful to and for fuch perfon or perfons, as the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, fhall appoint or employ to repair the faid road, or any part thereof, or for any perfon or perfons with whom the faid truftees fhall contract for the repair of the laid road, or any part thereof, to dig, raife, and gather any gravel, furze, land, ftones, or other materials, out of any wafte or common of any parifh, town, village, or hamlet, in or near which any founderou9 or ruinous places of the faid highway or road do lye; and for want of ftuff, gravel, furze, fand, (tones, or other materials there to dig, gather, raife, take, and carry away the fame out of the wafte or common of any neighbouring parifh, town, village, or hamlet, without paying any thing for the fame; and where there is not fufficient of faid materials in any common or wafte ground near adjoining, it fhall and may be lawful for them by order of the laid truftees, or any five or more of them, in writing, to

dig.

Giving 500I. fecurity by bond and 2 line tie*.

Materials raifed, paying damage.

Digitized by v^ooQle

4i5

' A. D.-

»777-«r Chap. 39.

obftrn&ing.

Toll but once a day in cither diviiion.

The feventeenth and eighteenth Tears of George III. dig, raife, and gather the fame in the fcveral grounds of any perfon or perfons, not being a garden, orchard, yard, roei-duw, planted walk or walks, or avenue to a houfe, where any fuch materials are or may be*found, and from time to time to carry away fuch and fo much thereof as {hall be wanting for amending and repairing the faid road or any part there-, of, paying fuch rates for fuch materials to the owner or oc-c jpier of the ground from whence the fame ihali be digged* railed, gathered, and carried away, as the faid truftees or any five or more of them (hall adjudge u afonable ; and in cafe of any difference between fnch owner and occupier and the faid truilecs touching the materials or damage afortfaid, that then fnch damage {hall be afftfied by two fubitantial houfehold-era of the county, in which fuch ground doth lye, one to be named by each of the faid parties, who (hall be fwora by any juflice of the peace of fuch county to make a true estimate of fuch damages to the beft of their {kill and knowledge, (which oath fuch juflice of the peace is hereby im-powered and required to adminifter) and that if any perfon or perfons (hall obftrudl or prevent the digging for, raifing, or carrying away fuch materials, fuch perlcn or perfons upon convi&ion by the oath of one or more credible wituefi or witneffes before any one juftice of the ptace of the county, where fuch offence (hall have been committed, (which oath the faid jnfticc is hereby impowered and required to adminifter) (hall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay to the truftees appointed for putting this a& in execution a furn not exceeding five pounds to be levied by difirels and falc of the goods of the offender or offenders by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch juftice, rendering the overplus (if any be) to the owner of fuch goods, the charges in taking and difpofing of the faid goods being firft deducted, which penalty (hall be expended by the faid truftees in the repair of the faid road.

XVI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-faid, That no perfon or perfons mail be obliged to pay any of the tolls herein before mentioned more than once in the fame day within either of the divisions of the faid road, but that every perfon having paid the toll or duty hereby impof-ed at any one of the gates, exe&ed or to be ere£ed on that diwfion, of the faid road between Curranaboy bridge in thd county of Wcftmeath and the town of Firbanc in the King's county, on producing a note or ticket thereof, (which the receiver or receivers of the faid tolls 1*3 or are hereby required to give without fee or reward) /hall be permitted to pafs free through all the feveral gates on the faid diviiion at any time during the day, on which he fhall hare paid the faid toll, as aforefaid, and fo in like manner having once psid the laid toll at any one of the gates on the faid k	•	other

Digitized by Guo

The fe&ntiefilh and tightrekth Teats 6/ George III;	.

fcthet divifiOn of the faid road between the faid town of A. D. Firbane in the King's County and the faid town of Bi-r ih 177 ihe King*s couuty, and town of Nenagh in the, county Ghap; 39. ttf Tipperary, fhait on producing fuch ticket Or note then*-bf be admitted at anytime during the fame day, on which he (hall Have paid the faid toll as afotrefnid, to pafs through all the other gate9 on the laid la!t mentioned diviflon of the fail boad ; but it is the true intention and meaning of this ad, that every perfori (hall pajr twice on the fame day, in cafe he Ihall travel over more of the faid road, than is contained III one divifion of the farhe.

XVII,	Arid be it further em&ed by the authority afore- 5 Tro^r* faid, That it (hall arid tn iy be lawful tu and for the faid ™?|y2

fruit ee?, or any live or more of them, by any agreement of pubSo «a!it. Agreements, leafe orteafes, deni lb or demifcS in writing, to be executed by the laid tri-dees or any five or more of t!wrn? tinder their hands and fc;ds, to d smile or leafe, let of fet, ail or any part of the tolls and duties by this acl made payable, by publick and open cant to the belt and fa.relt bidder fof alny term or time not exceeding two years to commence oii the firft day of May or fir ! day of November, which (halt firft happen after fuch demife or leafe, thirty days previous hotice fceitlg firft given of the faid truftees intentions to execute, grant, or enter into fuch leafe or demife; and of the time and place.appointed for the doing thereof, which notice fhali be fubferibed by the clerk or rcgifler of the faid fruftees for the time being, and publickly pofled at the feve-na! gates for jhe time being on fuch road; rind all and every the rent and yearly income of the faid tolls (hall be paid and applied in the fame manner, as the tolls hereby made payable are directed and appointed to be applied i and that all leafes and agreements to be made ot entered into by the faid trultees without fuch previous notice, of for arty longer term than the faid term of two years'; to Commence as aforefaid or othenyife, than by pub-lick and open Cant to the beft and higheft bidder, a* dforefaid, fhaH be to all intents and purpofes void, any* thing herein Contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII,	And be it further Criafted by the authority afore- May fortfift faid. That it (hall and may be lawful to arid for the faid ^or rcPa^r* trultees, or any fife or rtiore of them, from time to time

during the continuance of this ad to com fad! dr agree by the year or otherwise with any perfon or perfons, who at publick and open cant to be field by the laid truftees, or any five or more of them, for that purpofe (hail undertake to repair the faid road, or any part thereof, on the terms molt advantageous for the faid road, twenty days	day a

pr -vfuns notice being firft given of the fetid trultees inten-not ^

VOL- VI.	D	d	tion#

The froetdeenth and eighteenth Tears of George III. tions to enter into fuch contrad or agreement, and of the time and place appointed for the doing thereof, which notice fhall bepublickly pofted at the feveral gates for the time being on the faid road; and that all contrads and agreements for repairing the faid road, to be made or cute! ed into by the faid truftees with any other perfon or perfons, or in any other manner than as herein before is direded and appointed, {hall be to all intents and purposes void, any tiling herein contained to the contrary notwitb-ftanding.

XIX.	And be it farther enaded by the authority afore-faid, That all and every fum and Turns of money, which i J vetted*^' remained due to the late truftees of the faid road for or upon truftees by this account the tolls and duties, which were payable by virtue ad.	of	the faid recited ad of the thirteenth year of the reign of

his faid late Majefty king George the fecond, at the expiration thereof, by or from the gate keepers, toll farmers, or other perfon or perfons who received the fame, be vefted in the truftees appointed in and by this ad, to be by them recovered and received from fuch perfons refpedively, their executors, adminiftrators, and fureties \ and that fuch fum and fums of money, as (hall be fo recovered or received, after deduding thereout the expences which (hall attend the fuing for the fame or the recovery thereof, fhall be paid and applied by the truftees appointed in and by this ad, or any live or more of them, to and amongft the feveral creditors of the faid ro2d herein before mentioned, their executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, rateably and in proportion to their faid refpedive debt9. feiving or re- XX. And for the preventing frauds and abufes in the reiving ticket faid toll or duty be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, to avoid tolls, {hat if any perfon or perfons, having paid the toll or ,C5-	duty by this ad granted and made payable, and having

fuch note or ticket or notes or tickets, as are hereby required, {hall give or difpofe of the fame to any other per-fnn or perfons in order to avoid the payment of the faid toll or duty, every fuch perfon giving, difpofing, or offering, and the perfon receiving fuch note or ticket, notes, or tickets, and being thereof convided upon the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefies before the faid truftees, or any* feven or more of them, or before any one or more jufiice or juftices of the peace for the county, wherein fuch offence or offences fhall be committed (which oath the faid truftees or the faid juft ice or juftices are hereby empowered toadminifter) {hall refpedively forfeit and pay for every fuch offence the fum of ten {hillings, to be levied, recovered, and difpofed of, as any other penalty or forfeiture is direded to be levied, recovered, and difpofed of by this ad.

XXI.	Provided

A. D.

*777-3-Chap. 39.

Money due to Ute truftees

Digitized by

Google

The feventeehih and eighteenth Tears of George III. *

XXI.	Provided always, that no perfon ftnll J>e charged Vnth any of the tolls or duties aforefaid, who (hall pafs through any of the turnpikes to be ereded as aforeiaid, \^ho (hall carry any quantity of fames, gravel, or other materials for repairing tlje faid road, or any of the roads in the pari/hes in which the fame do lie, or in any of the neighbouring parifhes; not (hall any perfon or perfons be chargeable with the faid toll or duty for any carts, cars, or waggons loaded with corn in the ftraw only, or for any plows, harrows, or other implements of husbandry, in order to the ufmg and repairing of the fame in the feveral parifhrs, in which the faid highways hereby intended to be repaired do lye ; nor (hall any toll or duty be demanded nor tak.n at any of the turnpikes to be ereded for any horfe, mare, gelding, afs, or mule, or other cattle going to water, of for any pod horfe carrying the mail or preket, or for finch horfe as is or (hall be ufed only to ride on by the owner or driver of any waggon, cart, or carriage, provided inch horfe pafs through the (aid turnpike or turnpikes with fuch wag* gon, cart, or carriage; nor (hall aoy toll or duty be demanded or taken for the horfes of foidiers palling upon their inarch, or for any waggons, carts, earns, or other carriages attending them, 01 for horfes, waggons, carts, enrrs, or other carnages travelling with vagrants fent by paiTes, or with prifoners tianfmittcd from one part of the kingdom to another.

XXII.	And be it further etiaded by the authority afore* faid, That the tolls or duties hereby granted (I all take place and have continuance from and after the firft day of Auguft one thoufand (even hundred and feventy eight for and during the term of twenty one years.

XXIU. And be it further enaded by the authority afore* faid. That for the continuing a fufficient number of fit perfons to be truftees for putting in execution all and every the powers in this ad contained for and daring the continuance thereof it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid trirf-tees, or any five or more of them, upon the death or refig-nation of any of the truftees named in this ad, or of any truftees hereafter to be eleded, from time to time, and at all times hereafter, during the term aforefaid, to eled, nominate, and appoint in the room of fuch truftee or truftees fo deceafed or refigning another fit perfon, or fo many more fit perfons, li«ing in the faid cqtinty of Tipperary, King’s county, or county of Weftmeath, to be joined with ttie faid trtJftees in the execution of all and every the power and powers m them repofed by virtue of this ad ; and all and every perfon and perfons fo to be chofen truftee or trrf-tees'to join in putting this ad in execution, as they are D d 2	herein

4*9

A. IX i77>-8*

Chap. 39.

- v— - J Exempt from toll,.

Cofttinbed 2i

years.

Other trdf-tres clcitcd oa vacancy, Ac.

Digitized by UooQle

*

440

A.

D.

1777-S. Chap. 39.

• The feventockth and eighteenth Tuttt ef George lit. herein before qualified to do, (hall and may be imponrered to aft to all intents and purpofes in as full, large, and ample manner, as the laid truftees are by this aft impotr-ered to do, from time to time, as often as occafkm (ball

*	require.

To meet and XXIV. And be it further enafted by the authority atforc-a journ, e.	*pjiat thcYaid truTlecs, or any five or more of them, (ball

meet at Ntnagh in the county Tipperary on the eighth day of September one thoufand feven hundred and feveaty eight, and the faid truftees fhall then adjourn themfelres, and afterwards meet there, or at any other place or places near the faid highway or road to be repaired, as the laid truftees, or any five or more of them, fhall think proper and convenient, as often as it (ball be neceflary for putting this aft in execution ; and if it fhall happen, that there fhall not appear at any meeting, which fhall be appointed to be had or held by the faid truftees, a fufficient number of truftees, to aft at fuch meeting and to adjourn to any other day, that then and in fuch cafe the clerk of the faid truftees by notice in writing, to be affixed to the refpeftive gates or turnpikes at leaft twenty days before the next meeting, fhall appoint the faid truftees to meet at the houfe, where the meeting of the faid truftees was laft appointed to be held, or at fume other convenient houfe near the faid road, on fome certain day to be mentioned in fuch notice 5 and if a fufficient number of truftees do not attend on the dary fo appointed by the faid clerk, he fhall appoint another day, and fo on until a fufficient number fhall attend; and that the faid truftees at their firft meeting, and at all fubfequent „c ^	meetings,	fhall	defray	their	own charges and expences.

tkc polled, &c. < XV. And be it further enafted by the authority afore* faid, That before any aflembly of fuch truftees fhall at any time after their firft meeting be held to do any aft or afts, or to make any order or orders in purfuance of the powers Vefted in the faid truftees, twenty days previous notice, fjgncd by the clerk or regifter of the faid truftees* of the occafion, time, and place of meeting, fhall be publickly polled at every gate on the faid road ; and that all afts# orders, and proceedings to be done, made, or had by the faid truftees in purfuance of the powers in them vefted, fhalf on the day, whereon fuch afts, orders, or proceedings, (half be done, made, or had, be fairly wrote in a book by fuch clerk or regifter, and fubferibed on the fame day by five of the faid truftees at leaft, who fhall alient to fuch order, aft# or proceedings, which faid books fhall remain in the cuflo-dy of fuch clerk or regifter to be infpefted by any creditor or other interefted perl'on at all fcafonable times without fee or reward* and that all afts, orders, and proceedings to be

Digitized by (^.ooQie

The feventcentb and eighteenth Teat} of George III!	'	£li

done, made, or had, without filch previous notice to be X. D. polled as aforefaid, and which fhall not be fairly Wrote in 1777-8, a book, and fubfcribed by at leaft fire of the faid truftees Chap. 3$. making or aflenting to fuch a&, order, or proceedings at V-—— the time aforefaid, (hall be to all intents and purpofes Void; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-(tanding.

XXVI. Provided always, that if any perfon or perfons, Not truftee to appointed or to be appointed by this adl a truftee or truf* *cc*Pr placc ©£ tees for putting this act in execution, (hall have or accept of fr° U‘ any place of profit arifing out of or by renfon of the toll Or duty by this a£t laid or granted, fuch perfon and perfons fhall be incapable from the time of accepting or continuing to enjoy fuch place of profit, of afting as a truflee or truftees.

XXVII.	Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed by the To have 50I. authority aforefaid, That no perfon hereafter to be appoint-

ed or elected a truftee in purfuance of this act, fhall be ca- pcriouli’ pable of afting as a truftee in the execution of this aCl, unlefs fuch perfon IhaH be foized and in the actual polTelfion of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, being freehold, of the clear yearly value of fifty pounds, or who fhall not have a perfonal eftat^ of the clear value of one thoufand pounds; and the perfon fo ele&ed* before he fhall be admitted to af& as a trnftee, fhall fwear, that his eflate is of thqt value, before five truftees affembled at a board, which oath the faid truftees, or five of them, are hereby authorized and impowered to adminifler.

XXVIII.	And be k further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the truftees nominated and appointed in and common fcal ’ by this a£t, and hereafter to be nominated and appointed iq take fecuritiei, pttrfuance thereof, and their fticeeflors, fhall be perfons car

pable in law to fue and be fued, plead and to be impleaded, anfwer and to be anfwercd unto, in all courts of law and equity by the name of the truftees appointed for putting in execution the powers and authorities mentioned in this acl, and (hall make and ufe a common feal for the purpofe aforefaid, and alfo fhall be capable in law by fuch name to take fccu-ritieu for any fum or fums of money due or to be due to them as truftees as afqiefaid ; and for performance of any agreement to be entered into with them, or for the due execution of any power qr authority to be committed to any perfon or perfons concerning the faid toady or the tolls or duties thereof, and alfo to enter into and execute all fuch contra&s and agreements as fhall be neceflaryfur or relative to the execution of the faief truft.

XXIX.	And



Scrri'e on

Venue bud to (aid counties.

genen! UTue

The feventeenth and eighteenth Teari of George lib

XXIX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aim faid, That fervice of the clerk or regitler of the {aid tni-tees for the time being with any fubpoena, order, decrct, or procefs of any court of law or equity, {hall be goodfef-vice of the faid truflees with fuch fubpoena, order, decree,

beT*'	or procefs. fo as fuch fervice he made twenty days at the

murn.	leaft before the return of fuch fubpoena, order, decree, or

proccfs for obedience thereto.

XXX.	And be it further enacted by the authority afore-faid, That if any ftiit (hail be commenced again fl any perlbo or perfon$ for any thing done in pnrfuance of this ad, that in every fuch cafe the venue (hall be laid in the county of Tipperary, King’s county, or county of Weilmeath. a»d not cffcwheie ; and the defendant or defendants in fuch action or aft inns to be brought may plead the general iffu?, and give this ad and the fpecial matter in evidence at an/ trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pnrfuance and by the authority of this ad; and if it M appear fo to be done, or that Inch adion or adion* (hall be brought in any other county, that then the jury (hall findfu? the defendant or defendants; and upon fuch verdic^or if tht 'plaintiff fbail be nonfuited or difeontinue his ad ion after the defendant or defendants fhall have appeared, or if on any demurrer judgment (hall be giyen again ft the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants fhall and tnay recover tie* We cofls, and have the like remedy for the feme, as tnf defendant pr defendants hath or have ip any other cafe* by law.

XXXI.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore-faid. That this ad fhall \>e deemed, adjudged and takeo t* be a publick ad, and be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, j nil ices, and other perfoos whatfoever withouj fp^cialiy pleading the fame.

A publick

w&.

$ H AR

Thefeventeenth and eighteenth Tears of George III, CHAP, XLIV.

A. D.

*777-8-

4*3

dQ to enable the Chief Juflice^ or other Juftice of His Ma-J*fty’s Court of Kingi Bench, or the Chief Juftice y or other Juftice of His Majejly's Court of Common Pleas, in the Abfence of the Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer to f wear the Lord Mayor of the City of Dublin into his Office,

BE it ena$ed by the King’s mod excellent Majefty by On L C-

and with the advice and confent of the lords fpirf. ^ar^f ahfeoee, tual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament before a aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That at all times of B. R. of hereafter, when the lord chief baron of the court of ex- C. B. chequer of this kingdom (hall be abfent from the city of Dublin, it (hall be lawful for the lord mayor of the faid ci* ty to take the oath or oaths of office before the chief juftice or other juftice of his Majefty’s court of King’s bench, or before the chief juftice or other juftice of his Majefty’s court of common pleas, in this kingdom, who are hereby empowered and required to adminifler the faid oath or oaths; and that the faid lord mayor, who (hall be fo fworn as afore^ faid, (hall and is hereby declared to be as effe&ually inflated in his office, and (hall take upon him the execution thereof, in the fame manner as if he had a&ually been fworn before the faid lord chief baron, any law or ftatut? to the contrary

yin AS for the Amendment of the Lawy with Refpeft to Out-lawries, returning Special Juries, and the future EJfeQs of Bankrupts in certain Cafes•

WHEREAS great delay of juftice hath of late years Outlawry.

been occafioned by returning perfons, who (land outlawed in civil cafes, on grand juries : be it enacled by the King’s moil excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and No P^c* confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in	ft

this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of* civil cafe rc- i the fame, That from and after the twenty ninth day of Sep- ceived in avoid-tember, which will be in the year of our lord one thoufand '*nce acl* feven hundred and feventy eight, no plea of the outlawry of gra“ ^ury# a grand juror in any civil cafe (hall be received in avoidance of any a£i or a6b to be had ox done by any grand jury fihatfoever.

CHAP. XLV,

II. And

Digitized by Google

A- B

ir77-t*-

No pica of outlawry to have any effect,

tin cf« 'hi party who plcaclv (hall ©bum content of the attorney ^-incral.

.juries ftruck in courts of law, 4s herein.

Summoned £ days before

#i*3e

The firtmktnth and eighteenth Tear* nf G#org» III.

II. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the day aforefaid no plea of the outlaw* ry of any plaintiff in any civil cafe fhall have any effect, or be received as a plea in bar or abatement orotberwtfe, in any court of law or equity within this kingdtun, unlefethe patty, who pi cad a the lame, Otall prevtouily obtain and lodge with tuch pka at tl\e time of filing thereof the content of his Majefty*s attorney general, and die omleat of the party at whofc fuit fuch outlawry was obtained, in writing, to the pleading of fuch outlawry, together with an affidavit verifying the truth of fuch pka ; which coafents the proper officer is hereby required to die in hi$ oiftce vvuhcqt fe pr reward.

11 A nd whereas fome doubts have been conceived touch-iug the power of his Majcfty’s coi^rts of law at Dublin to appoint juries to be ilruck before the Matter of the office of prothouotarics, or other proper officer of fuch refpe&be pourts, for the trials of iflacs depending in faid court, without the content of the parties concerned in fuch fuits, unkfi fuchiiTues are to be tried at the bar of the fame courts: bt it ena itcd by the authority aforefaid, that it (hajl and may bt lawful to and for his Majetty’s court of king's beach, coat* mon pleas, and exchequer refpe. i ively upou motion, made by council on behalf pf aay plaintiff or plaiatiffis* defendant; or defendant^, in any action, caufe, or fjui^ wh^tfoetor, depending or to be brought or carried pn- in the faid counts,

any of them (except indi meats, information* for oiifdt-meanours, or informations in the nature of Qua Wt&rmtei to order and appoint juries to be ftruck before the proper officer of each rcfpe&ive court for the trial of any iflue joined in any of the faid cafes, (and triable by a jury of twelve men,) in fuch manner asfpccial juries have been aadorpufor ully ftrupk, in fuch courts rdpeaivdy upon trials 3|t ba* $9 be had in the fame courts

IV. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the laid jury fo ftruck as aforefajid fbajl bothe. jtjry r?turae4 for t^e t,rial of faid iflue, and fhall bf fummpned bj th^ fhe-riff or ether officer appointed to return the fame at leaft fi* days before the affixes or fittings* at which fitch iflue istqbe tried.

fees paid,

*<h

Sheriffs to bring lift* of perfon* to ferve as the grand pannel for trials at Ui.

V.	And be it further enabled by. the autho*ky aforefaid, that the perfon or party, who (hall apply for fuch jury to be ftruck as aforefaid, fhall bear and pay the fees for ftrikieg fuch jury, and &all not have any allowance for the feme upon taxation of cofts.

VI.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That where any foecial jury fnall be ordered by rule of any of the faid courts to be ftruck by the proper officer of fuch court in the manner aforefaid in any caufc, arifing in any city or

county

Digitized fcy

Goos

Vhe fiftsntemfb and eighteenth Tears of George HI.

£Ouniy of a city or town, the fheriff or fheriffs of fuch city, or county of city or town, (hall be ordered by fuch rule to bring, or caufc to be brought, hefore the fin'd offieer the Chap. 4J-books or litis of p^rfons qualified to ferve on juries withm the fame, out of which juries ought to be returned by fuch Sheriff or (heriffs* in tike manner as the grand panne} hath been ufually ordered to be brought in order to the ftrik-fflg of juries for trial at. bar in cauies arifmg in counties at large; and in every fuch cafe the jury (hit be taken and llruckout of fuch book or lifl refpeelively.

YII. And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That Not Common-if the (tariff or (h<|iiffa, or fuch other officer as fhaU be ap-	*

pointed to return fuch jury as aforefaid, (hall omit or ne-	food,

gled to funrvmon, or caufe to be fummoned, by a note in writing every perfon, (b ftruck or returned as aforefaid, at	*

kaft fix days before the aflizes or fittings whereat fuch iffue is to be tried, he (hall forfeit fuch fine, not exceeding fifty pounds and not Ms than ten pounds, as the judge, before whom fuch iffues to,be tried, (hall think reafonablcj for every fuch offence, and that the faid judge (hall eitreat fuch foies.

Vflt. And he it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That Not ropca* •very peril) it fo returned aa aforefaid, wlto (hall not appear afi»	c*!i<d 1

ter befog openly-called three times, (haH, upon oath made by fpme credible perfoq that fuch perfon had been fummqned fcy a n^te in writing fix days at lead before the affizes or fit* 4 tings, forfeit for fuch default in not appearing, unlefs fomC reafoonble caufc of his ahfcnce be proved by oath to the fa-twfection of the faid judge or jufttces,. fuch fine, not exceeding twenty pounds and not lefs than five pounds, as the ffai<J judge (hall think reafohable, and that the faid judges (hall c£-Vrtat the fame.

IX# And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That. 0° in ever)' caufc, wherein a fpeci il jury (hall be awarded	*

virtue of this aA.l, and that a full jury (hall not appear before the judge or jail ices-, hefore whom filch iffue is to be tried, or after appearance of a full jury by challenge of any of the partieatke rffbeiaJrke to remain untried for default of jurors, that the faid judge or juftices upon requeft made by the plaintiff or defendant (hall have authority by virtue of this a**f to command the ftieriff or other officer or officers, t* whom the making of the faid return thall belong, to name and appoint, as often as need (halt be, twelve fuch Qther afite perfous of the faid county then prefent, to whom no caufe of challenge doth lie, and that the names of . the perfons fa to be named with their additions and places of abode (half be written on fcveral diftfocl pieces of parchment or papeiy being alt as near as may be equal fize, and (hall be delivered ^9 the clerk of the judge, before whom fuch xflue ir to be

Digitized by boogie

ibf

ballot dll a fuf-numbtr.

Valid a» if fried hr i% erifioillT track.

paired alter ad bankruptcy fub-jed to debts contrt’Sed after firft becoming bankrupt.

The Jcoatfrtmtb and eighteenth Tears of George III. tried, by the fheriff or other officer to whom the returning’ of fuch jury doth belong, and (hall by the dirc&ioci and care of fuch clerk be rolled up all, as near as may be in the fame manner, and pot together in a box or glafs, and that fame indifferent perion by dirc&ion of the court in open court (hall draw out (aid parchments or papers one after another, until a number (hall appear fufficicnt with thofe of the original panoefl, who appear, to make up the number of twelve, who ihall be the jury to try the (aid ifTue.

X.	And be it cna&ed by the authority aforefaid. That every trial, had by fuch jury as aforefaid, (hall be as good and effectual in the law to all intents and purpofes, as if fuch trial had been had and tried by twelve of the jurors originally ftruck, and appointed to try the faid ifTue; and that afl fuch perion or perfons, as (hall be named and appointed as aforefaid by the fheriff or other returning officer, (hall after fuch nomination and appointment in every rcfpc& be coo-fidered, as if they had been returned upon the original pan* nell tiruck to try the faid iffue.

XI.	And whereas by the laws now in being the property which a bankrupt (hall acquire or become intitled to after the time 01 his having become a bankrupt, and haviog obtained his certificate, is not fubject to the debts contraded by him prior to the time of his having become a bankrupt; be it cna&ed by the authority aforefaid, that whensoever any perion, who had at any time before been a bankrupt, and obtained his certificate, (hall again become a bankrupt, and (hall not have cffe&s fufficient to fatisfy the demands of his creditors, that in every fuch cafe the property, which (hall come to or be acquired by fuch bankrupt after the time of his having become a fecond time a bankrupt, (hall be fubje& to all fuch debts, as (hall have been contraded by him after the time of his having firft become a bankrupt*

CHAP, XL VI,

Ate AS for the farther Improvement of the City of Dublin in the Manner therein mentioned•

Revived and XXTHERJELAS it will tend to the improvement of the amended si, V V City Qf Dublin, and to the opening a new and cos-pO. j.e.11 lenient paflage fiom many parts thereof to the circular road, if the archbiihop of Dublin be empowered to grant a longer feafe of the plot or parcel pf ground herein after mentioned, than by law he is at prefent enabled to do; be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent Majcfty by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent parliament afiembied, and by the

authority of.

Digitized by

Google

Archhdkop of

?he feventeenth and eighteenth Tears of George 111. the fame, that from and after the paffing of this aft it (hall find may be lawful for his grace John lord archbifhop of . Dublin to grant any concurrent or other lea fe or leafes of that plot or parcel of ground, not exceeding one acre and thirty perches, being part of the farm of faint Sepulchres in the county of Dublin, now in the tenure and occupation of the ^biin nuy right honourable John Scott, through which a drect, called Harcourt-ftreet, is now laid out, and is intended fpeeddy to jea^. be opened, for any term not exceeding forty yean front ^he time of making fuch leafe or leafes, notwith da tiding any leafe or leafes then in being; and'that it (hall and may be lawful for the (aid archbifhop and his fucceffors from time to time to renew the fame for the like term of forty* years.

II.	Provided that the rent be referred to the faid archbi- Referring {hop arid his fuccefFors by fuch leafe or leafes, be as foon as

the fame (hall take effeft in pofieflion not lefs than a rateable preyottiaa, Ac. proportion of the prefent rent payable out of the whole of the faid farm to the (aid archbifhop and his predcceffors for twenty years lad pad, any lavv ordatutc to the contrary oot-withdanding.

III.	Provided alfb that the Immediate tenant or tenants ^Tenant* *•

fird deriving under the (aid archbifhop (hall during the fpace7^	^

of two months from the time of pafliog this aft have the

foie and exclufive power pf taking any leafe by virtue of this aft, and that from and after the expiration of the laid two months, fo given to the tenant immediately.holding,under the laid archbifhop, the tenant next deriving under fuch immediate tenant for the fpace of two months immediately following fhall have the like foie and exclufive power of taking fuch concurrent leafe, if the fird tenant (hall refufe or neghft to t take die fame vyithin the fpace of two months fo given to him ; and if at the end of four months from the paffing of this aft neither the faid fird or fecond tenant (hall have taken fhch concurrent leafe, that then the third, fourth, and every other tenant (hall have fucceflivcly the like foie and ex-olufive power of taking fuch concurrent leafe for the fpace of two months next after the expiration of the months, given as aforefaid tfi the perfon from whom he immediately d«s fives.

IV.	Provided alfo, and be it enafted by the authority So^toBh pforefaid, That every leafe to be made in purfuance of this covenant of gft to the now immediate tenant of the faid archbifhop, orrcocw*l»^* any perfon deriving from him, or to any of their executors, adminidrators, or adigns, fh ill be fubjeft and liable to the

Jike covenant of renewal to his or their derivative teiiants, their executors, adminidrators, or afligas refpeftivdy, as the now in being are febjeft to*

'	CHAP,

Digitized by

CoOOQle

A- D, 1777-^

TheftveaSecnth and eighteenth Tears of George HI* CHAP. XLVIL .

An AO for afeertdhdng the Boundaries of the Pari/h of Sana, Mary*s om the North Eaji Side thereof and preventing In* amvenitnaes arjfing from the uncertain State of the fame* and for afeertaimng the Boundaries bet wen the County of the City of Dublin and the Couuty of Dublin ta fosoe PLscesx where the fame are uncertain, and thereby preventing Per* fons guilty of Offences therein from efcaping the Punsfbmad of the Law*

\

IT^HEREAS feveral difputes and fuits at law have * * arifen, by reafon that the boundary of the parifh of Saint Mary’s in the city of Dublin on the north call fide thereof is not certain or fixed ; and two trials have been bad, whereupon it appeared, that the ftrcct called Palace Row, was not included within (aid parilh ; but fiich trials are found to be ineffeftual for ascertaining the line of faid boundary in every part thereof ; whereby it is found extremclr difficult, if not impracticable, to applet and levy the parim cedes and other taxes appointed by aft of parliament to be raifed within laid parifh for* the nfes mentioned in faid a€kn ; and there is alfo the like uncertainty as to the boundary of the county of tbt city of Dublin and county of Dublin in fame places, whereby it is found extremely difficult to execute the ordinary proccfs of the law againd offenders in cafes, where it is not certain, in which of the faid counties faid offences aie committed, and faid offenders may be found when to be met with, whereby many perfons efcapc puniffimeat: and whereas the mode of proceeding for procuring a commiffioa of perambulation in order to have the faid boundaries afeertained on account of the number of periods, who are neceffary to be made parties to any fuit to be commenced for that purpofe, would be both tedious and cx-peofive: for affording fufficient remedy in the premiSes be it

______ enafted by the King’s moft excellent Majefty by and with

to chancery, fire. the advice and eonfent of the lords fpiritual and temporal commiflion of and commons in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority qf the feme, that k (hall and may h? lawful to and for the lord chancellor of Ireland, as foen as conveniently may be after palling this aft, on a petition to be preferred to him in the high court of chancery by the m£ niftcr, church wardens, and parilhionefti of faid parifh, of any twelve or more of {aid parilhtoners, praying to have the boundary of faid parilh on the north eaft fide thereof quired into and afeertained, and on a petition to be preferred to bim by the grand juries of the county of the city of Dublin and of the county of Duhlfej or by either of them,

far

On petition

perambulation to Iflne to ascertain rieK as

herein.

Digitized by

Tbt	and	ilghutnth	Ttart	df George 111.

F«r the time being, praying to have the boundaries between Cau^L counties within the places before mentioned enquired into and afeertained, after notice (hall hare been green in fuch ppblick manner, as the lord chancellor (hall dined* of fuch petition or of fuch petition or petitions being preferred, and after hearing what may be faid touching the matter of laid petitions by the peribns, who may think thetnfdves affeded thereby, or their council, or, in cafe there (hall not be any fuch oppofition, to iflue a commiffion of perambulation for ascertaining the mears.and boundaries of faid parilh on the north eaft fide thereof, and alfo one or more commiffion or tx)mmiffions of perambulation, as the fame may be found neceffary for afeeftaining the mears and boundaries between the faid counties; on which fuch orders and proceedings fhall and may be had, as in fuch cafes are ufual and neceffary: and afllr the Clears and boundaries of faid parifh on the faid north eaft fide therereof, and the mears and boundaries between faid counties in the places before mentioned, (hall be afeertained and fettled by virtue of faid commiffion and commiflions, and the proceedings to be had thereon, the fame refpedively (hall be binding and concfnfive for the future to all perfons, who now are or who may hereafter be concerned or intcrcfted in the bounds of the faid county, and of the county of the faid city, and of the parifh aforefaid.

II.	Provided that the ftrect called Palace-Row, and alfo the houfe in Granby-Row now inhabited by William Dean, fcc. not within efquire, on which two trials at law by two fcveral juries pvhh. hath been found not to be within (aid pari(h, (hall not in

virtue of any proceeding on faid commiffion, founded on this ad or otherwife, be comprehended or taken to be within the faid parifh of faid Mary’s.

III.	And be itenaded by the authority aforefaid. That 1.3d cf ex-one third part of the charges of this ad, and the expences peaces appkxted attending the paffing the fame into a law, fhafl at a veftry, at T*ftry,

to be held on or before the firft day of November after paf-fmg the fame, be applotted, and afterwards (hall be levied off the feveral inhabitants of faid parifh of faint Mary’s, rateably and in proportion to the minifteris money payable by them refpedively, with like remedy for default m payment thereof as is by law allowed for enforcing payment of faid minifter’s money ; and that the remaining two thirds *-3<k

of the charges and expences of paffing this ad (hall at the father expences.

q _ * , f r o	,	on the counties.

term next after palling the lame be prefentea, one moiety

thereof by the grand jury of the county of the city of Dublin, and the other moiety thereof by the grand jury of the county of Dublin* to be raifed off the inhabitants of each county refpedively as other grand jury ceffes ufujJly are 5 and tliat all fuch fums of money,4 as may afterwards be ne-seffary for defraying the expences attending the faid pro*

'	ceedioga

Palace Row,

Digitized by

Google

43©

A. D. 1777-8.

NotrtnteDd

tfcepsriJh.

ThefemmteetdhmsdiighenA Tears of George HI. mdtngrm (aid high court of chancery, and upon (aid coni* million or coxftmiifions refpefting the boundaries of faid counties, (hall and may be ptefented to be raifed in like man* nerby thcrefpeftive grand juries of (aid county of the dty of Dublin and county of Dnblim

IV.	Provided, that nothing herein contained (hall cm* power the (aid commiffion or commiffions of perambulation to extend the (aid parifli in the other parts thereof beyond the bounds already fet forth by law.

GHAP, XLVIIL

Am AS to exclude Traders from the Benefit of an AS* entitled* An Aft to prevent Frauds committed by Bankrupts kvho do not keep regular Books of Account % and for amtinsisg the faid L*v>% and other Purpofes•

heferefcr- III. A llD whereas by an aft pafTed in the eleventh and «»C<! rfv&jKd XX twelfth years of his prefent Majcfty, entitled, As tzniex it* dth to freveot frauds committed by bankrupts, any trader hav-pu: uar.t tc 11 ing privilege of Parliament, who (hall negleft to make fetif-\ fa«ion for any juft debt to the amount of one hundred pounds tor ftLuiTjke ^CI^n^T or ®°re within two months after fervice of legal and file afrdavit procefs for fuch debt, (hall be deemed and adjudged a back-nt being jufily rupt: be it enafted by the authority aforefiid, that before d®**	any fuch piocefs as aforefaid (hall be ferved on any trader

having privilege of parliament for any fuch debt as afore* faid, an affidavit (hail be made by the creditor, or in cafe the debt or debts be owing to partners then by one partaer, and (hall be filed on record in fome one of his Majefty’t Courts of record in Dublin, that fuch debt, for which fuch

Erocefs is intended to be ferved, is juftly due and owing to im alone or to him and partner or partners, by fuch per-fbn fo intended to be ferved, and that fuch debtor, as he or (he verily believes, is a trader within the true intent and meaning of (aid ftatute relating to bankrupts*

If faeh prtvi* IV. And be it further enafted by the Authority afore-ledgcd trader faid. That from and after the palling of this aft in cafe any g^kaadand trader having fuch privilege of parliament, and being fo ferved to pay the foot procefs *5 aforefaid, (hall, within two months after the fer-recoTcrcd wkh vice of fuch procefs on him as aforefaid, enter into a bond in cofta, not. fuch fum, and with two fuch fufficicnt furetics, as any judge or deaoed bank- judges of that court, out of which fuch procefs (hall iflue, (hall * approve of, to pay fuch fum as (hall be recovered in fuch aftion or aftions, in which fuch procefs (hall ifiue, together with fuch cods as (hall be given and adjudged in the fame, then and in fuch cafe fuch trader having inch privilege of parliament (hall not be, or be accounted and adjudged a bankrupt; and in cafe any commiffion of bankrupt (hall iflue againft him, then qpon (hewing to the lord chancellor,

Digitized by Google

I

The feventeenth and eighteenth Years of George III. lord keeper, or the lords commiflioners of thegrcat feal for the time being, that fuch bond was entered into within due time as aforefaid, fuch commiflion (hall be fuperfeded, and the ufual bond given by the perfon filing out fuch commiffion iflued, as a fecurity to him for fuch damages and cofts as he fliall be aflignedto the perfon, againft whom fuch commiflioa (hall or may have fuftained thereby; but in cafe fuch fatif* faftion as aforefaid (hall not be made, nor fuch bond as aforefaid given within the time refpcftivdy appointed for that purpofe, after fuch affidavit made as aforeiaid, and after fervice of fuch prccefs as aforefaid, then any creditor may fue out a commiflion againft any fuch perfon, and proceed^ereon in like manner as againft other bankrupts.

V.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

That if any merchant, banker, broker, faftor, ferivener, or Qf bankruptcy, trader fhall after the laft day of this feffion of parliament may fue out commit any aft of bankruptcy, that then and in fuch cafe any commiflion, creditor or creditors of fuch perfon, fo committing fuch aft of bankruptcy, may fue out a commiflion of bankrupt againft witManding. fuch merchant, banker, broker, ferivener, or trader, and the commiflioners in fuch commiflion ^nd other perfons may proceed thereon in like manner as againft other bankrupts, any privilege of parliament to the contrary notwithftand-ing.

VI.	Provided always, and be it enafted

aforefaid. That this aft, and the faid recite	^	o	t«uuuucu

tenth and twelfth years of his prefent Majefty’s reign, and the %^years, Ac by feveral provifions hereby made, (hall continue and be in force 19 and’to G. forthefpace of two years from the twenty fourth day of

June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy eight, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, and no longer.

by the authority Th** *nd 1 aft of the elc- 11 *nd r?.°* <$•

Any ctedJ-

CHAP, XLIX.

An A3 for the Relief of bis MajeJly's SubjeSs <f this Kingdom Amended 31 profejfmg the Poptjh Religion,	O.	3.	c.	at.

S3 o. 3. c. a.;

XX^HRREAS by an aft made in this kingdom in the ' * * fecond year of her late Majefty Queen Anne, en-	^

titled. An a3 to prevent the further growth ofpopery, and al* d liabilities on fo by another aft made in the eighth year of her faid reign Roman Catho-for explaining and amending the faid aft, the Roman Ca-tholicks of Ireland are made fubjeft to feveral difabilities c# and incapacities therein particularly mentioned : and whereas from their uniform peaceable behaviour for a long feries of , years it appears reafonable and expedient to relax the fame, and it rauft tend not only to the cultivation and improvement

of

may

ttake leafe* not exceeding 9^9 year* certain,

The jhvtnttenthand eighlMth Tints tffC<6rge tii.

6f this kingdom, but to the profptrity and ftrdngth of all big Majefty’s dominion!, that his fubjeAs of all aertoniina^ tions fhould enjoy the bleffingS of our free OoniKtu^ion, aid ftiould be bound to each other by mutual intereft and mutual •ffedtion : therefore be it ena&cd by the king’s mod excel-lent Majefty by and with the advice and content oF the lordl fpiritual and temporal artd Commote in this prefent parliament aflembled, artd by the authority of tne fame, that from and after the firft of AugUll one tbbufand feven hundred arid feventy eight, it finll and rfiay be lawful to and

#____________ fot* any papilt, of perfofl. profefilng the popilb religion, fub-

*r determinable je& to the provifoe herein after Contained as .to the taking on lire* not ^ aftcj fubfenking the oath arid declaration thel^.fl Mentioned, MkcfcML C t0 ta^c» hold, and enjoy any leafe or leafes for any term or terms of years, not exceeding nine hundred artd ninety nine yean certain, or for any term of years determinable upofi any number of lives, riot exceeding fife, provided always, that upon every fueh leafe a rent IdnA JiJe to be paid in mo-jnej (hall be referved and made payable dufirtg fuch term* with or without liberty of committing wafte as fully and be-beficially to all intents arid purpotes, at any other his Ma-jefty’s fubje^is in this kingdom, and the fame to difpofe of Dy will or otherwife as he fhall think fit; and all lands, tenements, and hereditaments, whereof any papilt or perfori profefling the popifh religion is now feiz-'d or fhall be feiz-ed by virtue of a title legally derived by, from, or under fuch peifori or perfons, now fciz!ed in fee fimplc or fee tail, whether at law or in equity, 'hall from and after the time aforefaid be defcendi hle, dt rifeable, and transferable, as fully, beneficially, and effectually, as if the fame were id the feizin of any other of his Majefty’s fubje&s in this kingdom.

II. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid^

^	• la •• That all papifts or perfons profefling tke popifh religion

*°Anne c. 6™* ^all aru^ m:iy ^rom anc* a^ter	a^ore^aid	be to all in-

8 Anne c. 3. tents and purpofes capable to take, hold, and enjoy all or any fuch cftatC or cftatc9, which fhaTl defeend, or be devifed, or transferred as aforefaid, arry thing contained in the faid fcrts of tho feeond or eighth of Queen Ann, or i» any other flatute or law, to the contrary in any wife notwitM-ftanding

Ncrberefit by JXI. Provided, that no papiflE or perfon profiting the po-thh , ur.le s rc?igion fhall take any benefit by this a&, unlefs he or {he fhall on or before the firft day of January, one thou-fand feven hundred and feventy nine, or fome time previous to any fHcn leafe made to or m truft for him, if He or fhe (hall be in this kingdom, or within fix months after any de-vife, defeent, or limitation fhall take eftV& in poffeflion, if at that time within this kingdom, or if then abroad beyond

the

May take

fuch e flare*

by rifc Jan. 1779, rtr previous t# fuch leafe, fee. or after difald-lity removed, the oath and declaration by

13 and 14 G.

3. «• 35.

The Seventeenth and eighteenth Tears of George III. the feas, or under the age of twenty one years, or in pri-fon, or of unfound mind, or under coverture, then within fix months after his or her return from abroad, or attaining the age of twenty one years, or difehargefrotn prifon, or becoming of found mind, or after fhc (hall become a feme foie, take and fubferibe the oath of allegiance and the declara-tion preferibed by an ad pafled in this kingdom in the ^^urcow't* thirteenth and fourteenth years of his prefent Majedy's reign,	*

entitled, An aft to enable his MajeJlfs fubjeds of whatever per-fuafion to tcjlify their allegiance to him in fome one of his Ma• jelly9s four courts in Dublinf or at the quarter feffions of the peace for the county of Dublin, or before the going judges of af Jt-ze in open court ; which oath the judges presiding in the fa id court, the chairman of the faid fcfiions, and the faid judges of affize, are hereby impowered and required to ad-xninifter.

IV.	And be itenaded by the authority aforefaid, That Their names, the names of fuch perfons, as (hall fo take and fubferibe the &c. inrolled. faid oath and declaration, with their titles and additions, (hall be entered upon rolls for that purpofe to be appointed by the faid refpedive courts, and that the faid rolis once in every year be tranfmitted to and depofztcd in the rolls office of this kingdom to remain axnongft the re* cords.

V.	And be it cnaded by the authority aforefaid, That No mainta-

no maintenance or portion fhall be granted to any ahild of nance or por-a popifti parent, upon a bill filed againft fuch parent purfu- tion t0 » child ant to the aforefaid ad of the fecond of queen Anne, out of	*

the perfonal property of fuch papid, except out of fuch Anne c.76. f. 3. leafes which they may hereafter take under the powers grant* favc as herein, ed in this ad, any thing contained in auy ad or ftatute to

the contrary in any wife notwithdanding.

VI.	And whereas by an ad made in this kingdom in the Conformity

fecond year of the reign of her late Majefty queen Anne, en- cIdcft f°n, as titled, An aft to prevent the further growth of popery, it 13	other

amongd other things cnaded to the effed following 5 in (hall not cafe the elded fon and heir of a popifh parent (hall be a pro* alter popiih teflant, that from the time of the enrolment in the chancery par®01* riUta* of a certificate of the bifiiop of the dioccfe, tedifying his

being a protedant and conforming himfelf to the church of Ireland as by law cdablifhed, fuch papift parent (hall become and be only tenant for life of all the real eftate, whereof fuch popi(h parent (hall be then feized in fee tail or fee fimple, and the reverlion in fee (hall be veiled in fuch elded fon, being a protedant fubjed, as in the faid ad is mentioned : and whereas it is found inexpedient to continue any longer that part of the faid recited ad ; be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, that from and after the fird day of November, one thousand feven hundred and (evenly eight,

Vol. VI.	£ c	the

Not to afTeft right of fuch deleft fon conforming before

*TiVcs not litigated before ift Nov. i';8, Itc,

The frventeniih tnJ -eighteenth Yean of George lit. the conformity of the deleft fon, and the filing of the bi-fncp’ii certificate, and performing the requifites by that a& or any other ad required in that refped, (hall not ak fed or alter the dlate of any popilh parent by making fuch popilh parent become tenant for life, or by veiling a revci-fion or eftate in fuch eldelt fon $ but fuch po^ pith parent (hall retrain feised and poflefled of tLc lame eflate and intereft m all and every his or her real eftate, c\b he or (he would have keen* if fuch eldeft foil had not con-foirncd, or the laid ad of the fecond of queen Anne had p*ot been made.

VII.	Provided always, that nothing herein contained fhall affect or be conftrued to affed the right, title, claim, or eftate of any eldeft fon and heir of a popim parent, who has or at any time before the pulling of this ad (hall have conformed in fuch manner, as is by the aforefaid part of the {aid act directed, or of any perfon deriving by, from, or under fuch eldeft fon and heir of fuch popifh parent; anyr thing herein to the contrary thereof contained in any wife not with (landing;

VIII.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That all and every perfon and perfons, being in tht adual pofltflion of any lands; tenements, or hereditaments under titles, which (hall not have been litigated before the firft day of November, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy eight, whether derived by defeent, devife, litnitation, or purchafe, and all pcrfon3 deriving under fcttlements made up* on marriages or other valuable confideration by papiils in pofTtfiion, ihall have, take, hold, orenjoy the fame, as if the laid act s of the lecond and eighth of queen Anne, or aoy tiling therein contained, had not been made.

IX.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained (hall extend or be conftrued to affc& any right, claim, or title already veiled, upon which any action or fuit is now depending, or (hall be inftituted before the firft day of November, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy eight, acd profeeuted with cflc£t and without delay : and that all and every conveyance, heretofore made by any papifts or perfons proftfling the popilh religion to any protellant for theufeef aproteilant, fhall be as valid and effedtual, as if fuch convey-

*	u;ice	was made by a protellant.

No benefit to . X. Provided alfo, That no perfon (hall take benefit by eonvertr clapf- this ad who having been converted from the popilh to the hig,&c.	pyoteilant	religion	(hall	afterwards	rclapfeto popery, nor any

perfon being a protellant who fnall at any time become a papift, or ftiajl educate, or fuffer to be educated, any of his children under the age of fourteen years in the popilh religion.

power toleafe XL And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, ioj years deter, 'ijhftt any perfon or perfoi*$*_\vho have power u$dei fettle.

menu

Not tb nffcit rights vt-ftcl, and fuit infti-Hited ahd pio-lccuted.

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George I IT.	435

ments to make leafes for one or more life or lives, may and fliall A. D. have the like power to let for any number of years determi- • 1777-8. nable on one life or fuch number of lives as in their refpec-tive fettlements mentioned and agreed upon in refped of minable on lives fuch power, fubjeft however to all and every other provifoe, a* Tcttle-condition, and reftriftion in faid fettlements contained con*Illellt8, ccming fuch leafes.

The Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of GEORGE III.

C H A P. VI.	f	'

An A3 for the Reliefof his Majejly's faithful Subjefis the Pro-

teftant Dlffenters of this Kingdom ; and to Repeal a Claufe in Amended 33 the A3 of the Second of Stuejen Anne, entitled, An Adi to G. 3. c. 51. prevent the further Growth of Popery, as far as the fame relates to the Protejlant Dlffenters•

WHEREAS by an aft made in this kingdom in the 2 Anne, c. 6, fecond year of the reign of her late Majefty Queen Anne, entitled, An a3 to prevent the further growth of Po~ ferjj itisamongft other things enafted, That all and every perfon and perfons, that fliall be admitted, entered, placed,

•or taken into any office or offices civil or military, or lhall receive any pay, falary, fee, or wages belonging to or by reafon of any office or place of trull by reafon of any patent or grant from her Majefty, or lhall have any command or place of truft from or under her Majefty, or any of her predeceffors or fucceffors, or by her or their authority, or by any authority derived from her or them within this realm of Ireland, lhall receive the facrament of the Lord's Supper according to the ufage of the church of Ireland within three months after his or their admittance into or receiving their faid authority and employments in fome putdick church upon the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday, immediately after divine fcrvicc and fermon : be it enaded by the King's moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and allproteftant confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the authority of u^t^c™altho* the fame. That all and every perfon or perfons being protef- not receiving tants lhall and may have, hold, and enjoy any office or of- the i’acramenc fices civil or military, and receive any pay, falary, fee, or^^yaAlln** wages belonging to or by reafon of fuch office or place, not- 4 withftanding he lhall not receive or have received the facrament of the Lord's Supper, as in the faid recited claufe is preferibed, without incurring any of the penalties in faid aft, or any other aft enafted for or in refpoft gf his negleft of receiving the fame*	E	e	%	CHAP.

4$6	Vi, nineteenth qnd twntieth Tears ef George III.

A. D.

^1779^	CHAP.	XII.

^Amended 21, An AS for eonttruing and amending federal Law relating to *5 G. 3. c. 34.	^ts MnJfJly's dtevsnuif and for the more effcSudUj prevent-

{. 100	WZ °f Frauds therein ; and for fuch other Purpofes as art

as G. 3. c. 35. therein mentioned

By 14 and 15	HERE AS by an a£l made In tbe fourteenth and

, C. 2. c. 8.	* * fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majeflvking

e/nin°tino«*Z" Carles	feqpnd,	intitled, An aS for fettTing the exafe

claimed m 21 and nenv tmpnj} upon hit Majejly^ his heirs and fucceJforsy ac-day», foilcitcd, cording to the book of rates therein inferted, it it among ft Sec. u herein, other things ena£ed, that in cafe any goods or merchandizes, feized as is therein mentioned for having been run or intended to be run, fhall not be claimed by the true and lawful owner or proprietor thereof, or by one deputed under his or their hands, within one and twenty days after feizure, the faid goods fhall be abfolutely forfeited and confifcated: and whereas many frauds have been committed by means of claims made by or on behalf of perfons, who were not the real owners and proprietors of goods, merchandizes, or other things, which have been feized, or by perfons who were not duly deputed to make fuch claims, in evafion of 'faid in part recited a& : be it enabled by the king’s mofl excellent Majefty by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent par-liament affcmbled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the firft day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, as often as any claim or claims for any goods, merchandizes, or other things, which fhall be feized for any breach of or offence againft any of the laws of ex-eife made in this kingdom, fhall be tendered by the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, thereof in perfon, the faid owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, fhall at the •time of tendering fuch claim make oath before theofficer or officers appointed to receive and regifter fuch claim, (which oath the faid officer or officers is and arc hereby impowerrd 1	and required to adminifter) that he, fhe, or they fo tendering

faid claim is or are the true and lawful owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, cf the goods, merchandizes, or other things, which (hall have been fo feized as aforefaid : and that in cafe the faidgoods, merchandizes, or other things fo fetsed, fhall f be claimed by any perfon or perfons as deputed to claim the goods fo feized, that then and in fuch cafe fuch perfon or perfons fo tendering a claim fhall make oath before the officer or officers appointed to receive and regifter fuch claim as aforefaid, (which oath the faid officer or officers is and are hereby impowered and required to adminiilcr,) that he, fhe,

or

•	4	t'

On failure*

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George III* or they is or are \ve!l acquainted with the hand writing or hand writings of the perfon or perfons, whofe name or names is or are fubferibed to fuch deputation, and that according to his, her, or their belief the name or names fub-ferfbed to the faid deputation, appointment, or power is or are the hand writing or hand writings of the perfon or perfons, whofe name or names is or are thereunto fub-feribed ; and that the perfon or perfons, whofe name or names is or are fo fubferibed, is or are, as the perfon fo making oath verily believes, the true and lawful owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, of the faid g«>od*, merchandizes, or other things then under feizure as aforefaid ; which faid fe* veral affidavits ayd deputations fhall be lodged and depoliled with fuch officer or officers as aforefaid,

II.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe of refufal or omiffion to make fuch affi- fufe^ v^id^' davit at the times and in manner aforefaid then and in any con.lcmna-of the feid cafes it fhall and may be lawful to and for fuch tion a* Tor officer or officers as aforefaid to refufe to receive or regif- want of claim, ter any fuch claim or claims, and the tender thereof flnll be

null and void, and it Hull and may be lawful to and for the chief commiffioners of his Majedy’s excife and the fubcom-miffioners iq their feveral an 1 refpeftive diltrfdte ta proceed to the condemnation of fuch goods, merchandizes, or other things, in fuch manner as bylaw may now be done for want of a claim.

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore- Falfcfwear-faid, That if any perfon or perfons (hall wilfully, falfcly, ing nuniihed as and corruptly make or fwear any affidavit or affidavits hereby herein, directed to be made or taken touching or concerning fuch

claim as aforefaid, or fhall corruptly procure or fuborn any perfon or perfQns for the purp_ofeg aforefaid, fo as fuch perforv or perfons fhall fwear to make any of the aforefaid affidavits, wilfully, corruptly, and falfely, every perfon being legally convi&ed of any of the faid offences by verdidl, or upon his or their confeffion, for every fuch offence fhall incur and fuffer fuch pains, penalties, forfeitures, and difabilitles rcfpe&ively, as perfpns convi&ed of cpnimitting or corruptly procuring	'

or fubaming any witnefs to commit wilfuj and corrupt perjury are refpe<^ively fubjedt to by any law qr ftatute now in force in this kingdom.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- ^ faid, That if any foreign goods fhall be feized for nonpay- (roods feized, ment of duties or other caufe of forfeiture ; and any difpute proof of dutijs, {hall arrfe, whether the duties have been paid for the fame, !e^ lIr~' or whether the fame have been lawfully imported, or legally qtoimer*' Compounded for or condemned, or concerning the place

ijrom whence fi^ch goods were brought, then and in fucri

cafe

Spirit* !n package under 50 gallons frauge, except of vitriol, or ufed in linen manufacture, Ac. found on board in port 3 leagues off fhorc, forfeited with the (hip, guns, icc.

Except two gallon* each teaman.

. 3G. j. c. 24. 1.1.

Oath by maf. ter to entitle ta bounty.

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George III. cafe the proof of the payment of the duties, or of the lega* importation, or legal compofition or fale on condemnation or the place from whence fuch goods were brought, as the cafe may happen, fliall lie on the owner or claimer of fnch goods, and not on the officer who fhall feize or flop fuch goods.

V.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the firtt day of Auguft, one thoufaod feven hundred and eighty, if any brandy, rum, or other fpirits in cafks, bottles, jars, or other veffels or packages whatsoever, under fifty gallons gauge, fare and except fpirit of vitriol, or other fpirits ufed in the linen manufa&ure, and cordial waters, fhall be found on board any fbip, veffel, or boat in any port or harbour in this kingdom, or hovering within three leagues of the fhore of this kingdom, or fhall be discovered fo to have been, although bulk fhall not appear to have been broken, or any at the faid goods or commodities before mentioned run or attempted to have been run out of fuch fhip, veflcl, or boat, fave only and except in cafe of unavoidable neceffity and diftrefs, of which nc-ceflity and diftrefs the matter, purfer, or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch fhip, veffel, or boat fhall immediately after the arrival of fuch fhip, veffel, or boat, in any bay, harbour, river, or creek of or be-longing to this kingdom, give notice and make proof before the colledor or other chief officer of the revenue refi-dent at the neareft port, where fuch fhip, veflcl, or boat fhall arrive, ftfch fhip, veffel, or boat, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition, and apparel, (hall be leized and forfeited together with all fuch goods and commodities before mentioned, which fliall be found in fuch fhip, veffel, or boat.

VI.	Provided neverthelcfs that it fhall be lawful to have fo much brandy, rum, or other fpirits for the ufe of the feamen then belonging to and on board fuch fhip or veffel, as fhall not exceed in quantity more than two gallons of fpirits for eafch and every feaman belonging to fuch fhip or veffel.

VII.	And whereas by an ad of parliament patted in this kingdom in the third year of his Majefty’s reign, intitled, An a8 for the encouragement of the fjbenes of this kingdom, it is among other things enaded, that upon the return of any bufs or veffel that fhall be employed in the faid fifheries, or whofe owners fhall be intitled to the bounties in the faid ad mentioned, into any port of Ireland for her dit charge, the matter thereof fhall make oath as therein mentioned : and whereas notwithftanding the faid oath feveral frauds havp been committed by fhipping and taking on board

contraband

Digitized by LjOOQle

additional

7he nineteenth and fauentietth Tears of George III. fontraband and prohibited goods, and alfo by running and fmuggling of goods during the time of fuch bufs or veflV^s being out or employed on the laid filhenVs; (or remedy "whereof be it further enacted by the authority aforelaid,

That from and after the pjfltftg of this a£t in addition to k \hc faid oath, before the leveral and refpective bounties in ^[L^Ve^'ore the faid in part recited ad mentioned (lull be paid, the m d-ter of every fuch bufs or velfel refpedivcly fn dl make oath of not Hupping to the following import before the collcdor or comptroller of pmomnej the faid portx vyKo are hereby imp r.vered refpedivcly to. ad-	^c*

Jhinifter the fame, u that neither he, nor any of his crew to Jiis knowledge or belief, had (hipped or la lea on board lu^h jefpedive bufs or veflTel any contraband or prohibited good* cr merchandizes of any lort or kind wnatfoever, or any goods or merchandizes whatfoever, with intent Vo run, or fmuggle, or land, or import the fame without the payment of |heduties due and payable to his Majefty thereon, nor had been concerned in any contraband or illicit trade whatfoever, nor had run or fmuggled any goods or merehm-dizes whatfoevq: from the time the bufs ot vefTel, in which he fo embarked for the purpofe aforefaid, had failed, until the return thereof ta fuch, port or place, as afore-, faid.

VIII.	And be it further enufted by the authority afore- On fnjfe

faid. That if any puerfon or perfons fhall wilfully, falfely,- Swearing, or

and cormptly fwear or make oath touching or concerning ,1’

i j	O	.	O	niitici as liurc-

any of the matters, hereby or by the faid in part recited act j(1.

directed to be verified by oath, or (hall corruptly procure or fyborn any perfon or perfons to fwear falfely in, touching or concerning any of the matters aforefaid, every perfon being legally convided of fuch offence or offences by verdid, or ypon his or their confeflion, flvall incur all fuch pains, penal-ties, forfeitures', and difabilities, as perfons, who commit or 9otruptly procure or fuborn any witnefs or witnelles to commit wilful or corrupt perjury, are now fubjed to by any law or ltatute i\o\v in force in this kingdom,

XXXII.	And whereas by an an palled in the feventeenth .17 and iJB G„ and eighteenth years of the reign of his, prefent Mijefty, 5-	8. f. 53.

entitled^ dn a3 for the improvement of hif Ifajejly's revenue, stud the more effectually preventing offrauds therein, and for continuing and amending Jeveral law; heretofore mjdeanl now in, force relative thereto, it is required, 'that with refped to the city and liberties of Dublin, and within three miles from the caftle of Dublin, no colled or or his clerk u ider the penalty of fifty pounds do grant any licence for the purpofe therein mentioned, unlefs fuch certificate, is to ere in mentioned, be depofited by the next redding jultice of the peace if\ perfon with the collector of Dublin or his clerk i and: wnm- ' '	a%

*

repealed.

Digitized by UooQle

LicenCed to fell liquors pained on a board

Selling or delivering porter, fpirits ficc. to onlicenfed retailer, 5L Sec.

Lieenfe to retailproduced to officers, penalty 40s.

Dealers in fpirits Sec. (except wholefalc importer*,) having above 63 gallons, deemed retailers, Sec.

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George 111. as the faid regulations hare not anfwered the defired par* pofe: be it further enacted by the authority aforefud. That the faid claufe of the faid a&, be and the fame is hut* by repealed and made null and void.

XXXIII.	And be it ena&ed by the authority afore-(aid, That from and after the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand feven hundred and eighty, all perfocs fii ling wine, fpirits, malt liquors, or cyder (ball have painted on a board with letters at lead an inch long in black on a white ground the words licenced to fell wine, fpirits, mak liquors, or cyder, as the cafe may be, and (hall affix the fame over the door, or fome other confpicuous place on the outfide of his, her, or their houfe, and preferve and keep up the fame during the time, he, (he, or they (hall continue to* fell faid liquors or any of them, or in default thereof (hall foi-feit the fum of ten pounds.

XXXIV.	And be it ena&ed by the authority afbre&d. That if any perfon (hall knowingly fell, or deliver any porter, beer, ale, or fpirits in any city ot town corporate to any un-. licenfed retailer, fuch perfon /hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of five pounds : and that if any fuch unlicenced retailer (hall di(cover and profecutc to cpnvic^ion any perfoo, who knowingly fo fupplied him or her with porter, beer, ale, or fpirits, fuch retailer (hall be difchnrged from and (hall not be fued or profecuted for any penalty by him incurred for felling without licence at any time before fhe commencement of fuch profecution, and (lull alfo be iatitled to a moiety of fuch penalty of five pounds.

XXXVI.	And be it alfo ena&ed by the authority afore-faid. That every perfon, who hath obtained or (hall obtain a licence for retailing beer, ale, porter, wine, (pints, or cyder, (hall, when required by the furveyor, gauger, or other officer of excife of the walk, where fuch perfon lives, produce and (hew fuch licence, and allow faid officer to take a copy thereof, or in default thereof (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of forty (hillings.

XXXVII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That every perfon dealing in fpirits, except wholefale importers, and every fhopkeeper, or other perfon dealing in excifeable goods in *ny city, county town, or town corporate, having more than fixty three gallons of fpirits in his or her cuftody, (hall be deemed a retailer of fpirits to all intentsandpurpofes, and fubje& to all fuch regulations at retailers of fpirits are now by law fubjedk to : and that all lhops where fpirits arc ufually expofed to fale, or kept in any quantity exceeding one gallon, except apothecaries or druggifts (hops, (hall be deemed places for retailing of fpirits; and the perfon or perfons, who (hall keep fuch (hop,

(hall

Digitized by L^ooQle

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears gf George III,	44,1

fhall be liable and fubjeft to all fuch regulation*, as retailers A, D. pi fpirits are row by law fubjeft to.	17 79-80.

XXXVIII.	And for the better levying the duty payable Chap. xa. for licence to fell beer, ale, porter, cyder, wine, or fpirits,

nnd for preventing the fale of fuch liquors without licence. Officers with be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, that it (hall and may * tonftablc may t>e lawful for any furveyor, gauger, or other officer of ex-	’li-

cife within their feveral diftrifts refpeftively with the affift- w*uct of fuch ance of a conftable in the day time to enter into the houfc, deemed rc-(hop, cellar, ftorehoufe, or other place of any perfon or per- Ullcrs» & fons deemed by this or any other aft now in force to be a feller or fellers, retailer or retailers, of any of the liquors aforefaid, and to demand the licence or licences for felling pr retailing fuch liquor or liquors as fuch perfon or perfons, from whom the fame (hall be demanded, and who (hall by this or any other aft now in force (hall be deemed a feller pr fellers, retailer or retailers, of any of the liquors afore-iaid ; and upon refufal or neglcft of fuch retailer or retailer 8 to produce fuch licence or licences to fuch officer or officers fo demanding the fame to levy by diftrefs and fale of fuch retailers goods fuch fum or Turns, as are sr (hall be payable by fuch retailer or retailers upon obtaining fuch licence . or licences, in fuch manner and by fuch means as the revenue qrifing by hearth money is by law appointed to be levied and collefted.

XXXIX.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. Subject tt>

That every perfon licenfcd to fell by retail any of the liquors	,

aforefaid, or fo deemed to he a retailer of any of the liquors oUt7uch iLcnfe, aforefaid, fl>all be fubjeft to the duty, and be obliged to take

out a licence, for each and every fuch liquors fo found in his cuftody and poffeffion as aforefaid.

XL. Be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the V.c*ncc fcveral provifions, claufes, and regulations in this or any c*tMided other former aft now in force in relation to licence, to be to cyder, granted for the retail of ale and fpirits, (hall extend and be conftrued to extend to licences to be granted for the retail of	*

cyder in this kingdom.

XL I. To the end that the officers of his Majefty’s reve- Accoont in nue may be the better enabled to keep a regular (lock account Ja^of name° on the venders of tobacco, be it enafted by the authority and abodc^and aforefaid. That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of quantify of rr>-Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, every im- bacco in poITef-porter and manufafturcr of tobacco, and every other perfoa aou* who (hall have or hold in his, her, or their cuftody, power, or poffeffion, or in the cuftody of any other perfon or perfons, any quantity of tobacco either of his, her, or their own property, or the property of any other perfon or perfons, (hall Within thefpace of (ixty days, to be reckoned and computed from the faid twenty fourth day. of Auguft, one thoufand fe$en hundred and eighty, give and deliver to the colleftor of

excife

/

Digitized

i by Googk

the outward bulks of crrry package, marks, Act. in cafe, or loo'r, ftalk, er-cxa& weight, and places where lodged, account figned by importer,

Sec.

Difccverer of concealed tobacco admitted in evidence. Sec.

On tobacco imported or coaftwaya, bc-

Thr mnfitenlh and twentieth Years of George HI. excife at the excife office within thediflri&, where fuch peir fon or perfon* (hall refide, a true account in writing of his* her, or their name or names refpe&ively, and place or places of abode, and the true quantity of tobacco which foch per-fons (hall refpe&ivety at tlie time of giving in fnch account have in his, her, or their cuftody, power, or pofleflion, or in the pofleflion of any other perfbn or perfons for their nfe; which account (hall alfo contain the outward bulks of every hogfhead, cafk, cheft, or other package, in which fuch tobacco (hall be contained, and alfo all and each and every of the feveraland refpc&ive marks, numbers, and weights, (if anyJ let upon all and each and every fuch hogfficad, calk, cheft, or other package, and diftinguiihing the quantity contained in each of them ; and alfo the quantities in cafe, or loofe, and the quantity of (talk, and number of rolls, towit,fnufli rolls, cane, or pig*tail, feparately, with the exa<ft weight thereof, and the particular warehoufes, ftorehoufes, cellars, or other places where the fame are then lodged and lie; which account (hall be figned by fuch importer or manufacturer of tobacco, or other perfon as aforefaid, or one of his, her, or their own fervantt or agents, with their feveral and refpe&ive names and places of abode; and in cafe any fuch importer or manufafturer of tobacco, or other perfon as aforefaid, (hall negleft to give in fuch account as aforefaid at the time, and in fuch manner and form, as herein before dirc&ed and required, or in cafe fuch account (hall appear to be felfe or fraudulent, all fuch tobacco, (talks, fnuff, or other kind or fpecies thereof, of which no account or for which a fraudulent account (hall knowingly be given, and the calks, chefts, cafes, or other packages containing the fame (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feked by any officer or officers of his Majefty’s revenue; and the perfon or perfons fo offending (hall forfeit and lofe treble the value thereof to be fued for and prctfecutcd in manner herein after me* tioned.

XL1I. Provided always, and be it further fena&ed by the, authority aforefaid, That if the perfon, in whofe cuitody fuch tobacco, being the property of any other perfon or perfons, Qull be found, fhall inform or be the difeoveror of fuch fccreted or concealed tobacco, fuch perfon fo informing of or difeovering the fame (hall be admitted to give evidence thereof, and ffiall, in cafe fuch information or dif-covery be found true, not only be indemnified a^pinft and exempted from the aforefaid penalty, by him incurred for fo fecrcting or concealing the fame, but (hall aKo be intitled to and (hall receive the informer’s moiety of what the fame lhalL fell for.

XLIIL And be it further ena&ed by the authority afortltfd, That from and after the faid twenty fourth day

- • -	<jf	‘

Digitized by L,oo£le

77# nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George HI.	44.3

of Auguft one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, every A. D. perfon or perfons who (hall import tobacco or receive any to- 1779-80. baccoby ccaft cocket or other certificate, fhall, as often as Chap. 12. he, (he, or they (hall import or fo receive the faid tobacco, as foon as the fame (hall be difeharged by the proper officer or fore difpofed officers, before fuch importer or receiver of tobacco (hall dif-of ftored a pofe of or (lore any part thereof, he, (he, or they (hall re-ceive a certificate with each quantity difeharged, fpecifying ing partLuUrs, -the number of hoglhcads, or other packages, in which the &c.	•

faid tobacco is contained, an^ the day when the duty was paid, or the date of the coafl cockct, in cafe fuch tobacco fhould be brought coaflways, with the importer’s name, the {hip or boat’s name, the number of the warrant by which the duty was paid, the marks and numbers on the hogf-heads or packages, the entire weight of the faid tobacco, to be written in words at length, and not in figures, without erafement or interliniation, and the day of granting the faid certificate, which certificate (hall be figned by the port fur-veyor and land waiter, who difeharge the fame; and fuch importer or other perfon fo receiving laid tobacco, as the cafe fhall be, (hall within three days after the date of the faid certificate deliver the fame, and every other certificate that he (hall receive with any tobacco brought or received by inland certificate, at the excife office of the diflrift, wherein the perfon fo receiving faid tobacco (hall refide, that a true copy of fuch certificate may be taken by fuch officer, and that the quantity in fuch certificate may be added to his firli return of (lock.

XLIV. And be it further enabled by the authority Increaf^ie aforefaid. That from and after the faid twenty fourth day ofH**^ ^or Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, if any en-create (hall be found in the (lock of any perlon fo under doccd,°far-ftock as aforefaid, for which fuch perfon (hall not produce feited, and fuch a certificate, as (hall herein after be direded and appoint- treble value, ed, fuch encrcafed quantity (hall be forfeited, and may be feized by any officer of his Majelly’s revenue ; and the perfon, in whofe cullody the fame (hall be found, (hall forfeit treble the value thereof.

XLV. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- ^^f"*** ** faid, That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of^^

Augull, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, every of-by the officer, ficer infpeding the flock of tobacco of any perfon, fb under (lock as aforefaid, fhall, after he enters an account of the fame in hi3 book and receives a declaration of the f<*ne, give a true and fair copy of his faid entry to fuch perfon, who (hall (hew the Hock and give a declaration thereof; which copy without alteration or erafement (hall be figned by fuch officer j and on any difference arifing between fuch

perfon

Digitized by Google

\

444	The	nineteenth	anJ twentieth Tears of George III.

A. D. perfon fo under (lock and fuch officer on account of any 1779-8°. chaige of encreafe in flock fuch copy may he produc-Chap. 12- ed by fuch perfon fo under flock on any trial upon any information, which may be brought againfl fuch pcrfoi for any fuch encreafe of flock, and (hall be received as evidence thereon.

Excite officer XLVI. And for the more effe&ual preventing the file of »*y byday <sxl" tobacco clandeilincly imported into this kingdom be it fur-account of ther cna<^e<^ hy the authority aforefaid,' That from and if-tobacco found, ter the faid twenty fourth day of AuguH, one thoufand etc. as herein, feven hundred and eighty, it fhall and may be lawful to and for any furveyor, gauger, or other officer of excife duly appointed, to enter in the day time the houfes, flares, (hops, cellars, and all other places of or belonging to any perfon buying, manufa&uring, felling, (loring, or keeping in his, her, or their cuflody or pofleffion any quantity of tobacco, and from time to time to take an account of the tobacco found therein ; and if any fuch perfon or perfons fo buying, felling, manufo&uring, or otherwife floring or keeping in his, her, or their cultody or pofTeffion any quantity of tobacco as aforefaid, fhall refufe or hinder fuch officer or officers, his or their affiilant or affiflants, to eater into any of his or their faid houfes, (lores,1 fhops, cellars, or other places, or, having permitted them to enter, fhall afterwards refufe or prevent them from taking an account from time to time of all tobacco there found, or fhall refufe to (hew and weigh the fame or any part thereof, except tobacco in cafe, or to furnifh legal feales and weights for the purpofe of weighing the fame, or refufe to Ihew and declare the quantity of his, her, or their feparate Hocks of tobacoo loofe or in package, or nilmber of rolls of cane, and pigtail, or fnuff, roll, or quantity of flalk tobacco, or tobacco in cafe, particularly cx-preffing the quantities of each kind, fuch perfon fhall for* feit the fum of one hundred pounds.

Certificate XLV11. And be it further enabled hy the authority afort-^bacc^b*'1*1	That	from and after the faid twenty fourth day of

porter^fpectf?- Augufl, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, every inline outward	porter of tobacco (hall on the delivery thereof, or of any

bnlk, iru'k*,	part thereof, to any perfon whatsoever, deliver therewith a

Ac. a* herein, certificate fpecifying the outward bulks, marks, and numbers, net weight, when the duty was paid, with the name or names of the (hip or (hips in which the fame wa3 imported, as alfo the perfon or perlbns, and his or their place or placrs of abode, to,whom the fame was (bid and delivered 5 which eertificate (hall be figned hy (Uqh importer, or fomc other perfon in his or her name, for whom he or (he (hall be re-fponfible ; and if any tobacco (hall be found in the poflet fion or cuflody of any perfon oorweymg the fame from any one place to another, uolefs fuch perfon fo conveying the

ooglc

Digitized b’

*The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George II!. fame, or who (hall have the care and carriage thereof, (hall actually produce fuch certificate as aforefaid, or fuch other certificate as in fuch cafe (hall herein after be dire&ed, on demand thertof by any officer of his Mnjcfty’s revenue, or if fuch officer (hall upon examination of uich certificate have rcafon to fufpeft the fame to be counterfeit, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid officer to detain the faid tobacco: mid if it (hall afterwards appear, that fuch certificate was actually counterfeit, all the tobacco under cover of the faid certificate (hall be forfeited.

XLVIII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That if from and after the faid twenty fourth day ficatesor other of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, it (hall appear by the refpe&ivfc certificates, fo given by any perfon decreafe i„ felling or delivering tobacco or by other fufficient proof, ft<*k appears that fuch perfon (hall have delivered more tobacco, than a for* *•. t*r lb* decreafe (hall appear for in the (lock of fuch perfon's tobacco, f01^^ fuch perfon (hall forfeit at the rate of two (hillings per pound, for every pound it (hall be proved he or (he (hall have fo delivered, for which there (hall not be a proportion-able decreafe in his or her Hock of tobacco, making a rea-fonable allowance, not exceeding thirty pounds weight for every hundred pounds weight, as an increafe by manufacture on all roll tobacco fold or delivered ; and alfo that the refpe&ive certificates fo given as aforefaid (hall be admitted as evidence on any trial thereafter to be had, that the perfon or perfons, in whofe name or names the faid certificates were given, had delivered the quantity of tobacco therein ex-preffed.

XLTX. And be it further ena&ed by the authority Nowholefsle aforefaid, That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of importer ft»all Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, no whole- Jjjj* ^*1VCP fale importer of tobacco (hall fell or deliver any tobacco to package, except any manufa&urcr or other perfon, but in the package wherein as herein, the fame was imported (except as is herein after excepted) nor lefs than one hogfhead or package at any time, and in fuch manner and form as the fame was or (hall have been difeharged at the cufiqm-houfe, under the penalty of ten pounds for every fuch offence.

L. Provided always, That if it (hall happen, that fuch tobac- ^	^

eo (hall receive any damage after having been difeharged by aftcr difeharge, the proper officer, whereby it (hall be abfolutcly neceffary notice to officer to unpack and alter the package thereof, that then and in fuch °f intention to cafe the importer, or other perfon (in whofe cuffody fuch tobacco (b damaged fhaH remain, after the fame hath been hours before, difeharged at the cuftom houfe) (hall within twelve hours, &c. herein, before he or (lie (hall unpack any part of the faid tobacco, give notice in writing to the furveyor, gauger, or other officer of the walk, or caufc the fame to be left at the ufual

place

If by eerti-

Digitized by Google

446	The	nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George III.

A. D. place of refidence of fuch officer, fignifying his or her in> 1779-80.	ter.tioD to unpack the (aid tobacco, and to feparate the da-

Chap. 12.	maged from the found tobacco, or to cure the fame, and

that thereupon fuch officer do and fhall upon pain of being difroified from his employment for any ne^ledt in fo doing attend at the hour or time and place appointed for the ua-packir.g the faid tibicco, fuch hour to be between the hours of ten o’clock in the forenoon and of three o'clock in the afternoon; and that the importer or other perfon, is whofe cuftody fuch tobacco fhall then remain, or to whom the fame fhall belong, fhall make oath, that he or fhe verily believes* it is neceilkry for the curing of the tobacco fo damaged, and for the prefervation of the remainder thereof, to unpack the fame, (which oath the laid officer if hereby irnpowered to admini(ltr) and upon faid perfon’* making fuch oath as aforefaid the laid officer (hall compare the package or packages to be unpacked with the aforefaid certificate thereof in fuch perfons poffeffion ; and if the faid packages agree with the faid certificate, that then the faid officers fhall attend the unpacking them, and after the fame fhall be unpacked, and the damaged tobacco fevered from the fou nd tobacco, the found part fhall be in the prefenceof fuch officer immediately weighed and repacked in clofc packages, calk or bag, not lefs than four hundred and twenty five pounds weight each, if the entire quantity fo to be repacked fhall amount to fo much, and the fame fhall not be again unpacked but on the like neceffity, or for manu-fa&uring the fame, as is or fhall be herein after directed: and that if inch damaged tobacco be intended to be cured, that then and in fuch cafe the fame fhall be weighed every feecnd day until repacked in manner aforefaid, provided the entire quantity fhall amount to four hundred and twenty five pounds weight, and if under that weight the fame fhall be packed iu one feparate pack or cafk; and fuch importer of the faid tobacco, or perfon in whofe cuflody the fame fhall remain, (ball on demand of fuch officer as aforefaid weigh or caufe to be weighed, and pack or caufe to be packed, the faid tobacco in manner aforefaid, and fhall not unpack in any one day more of the faid tobacco, than can be repacked on the fame day; and that fuch officer fhall put fuch mark and number on the package fo repacked, as he fhall think fit for diftinguifhing the lame, by which marks and v	number	the fame fhall be fold, and certified for by fuch im-

porter, or other perfon in whofe cuflody the faid tobacco (hall remain; and that the faid officer fhall on fuch perfon’s certificate of his (lock endorfe or enter the alteration of package, and particularly defcrxbe the fame, with the new marks and numbeis impofed thereon, and fhall enter the alterations fo made in the faid officer’s book in the prdencc of

fuch

Digitized by t^ooQle



*Tht nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George I IT.	447

Ibch importer, or fuch other perfon in whofe cuftody the A. D. faid tobacco (hall then be, or of fuch perfon who (hall at- 1779-80. tend on behalf of them, or either of than.	Chap. 12.

LI. And be it further enadte 1 by the authority afore- v—

-{aid. That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of Retailing Auguft, every perfon not being a wholefale importer of ^ 0441 tobacco, who (hall fell tobacco on his or her ow :u count or on commiffioti, and every perfon retailing or manufa hiring tobacco or fi*uff without a licence for fo doing from the collector of excife of the diftrift, where he or (he (hail refide, and which the faid collector is hereby impowered to grant, (hall forfeit the fum of ten pounds; which licence the faid collector (hall without fee or reward deliver on demand to all aud every perfon and perfons, who (hall apply for the fame

LI I. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Selling nnder That from and after the faid twentydfourth day of Augult, 4*5ll> reuilei*, *ny perfon or perfons, who (liall fell or expofe to fale any forfeited, quantity of tobacco under four hundred and twenty five an' 5 * pounds in weight, (hall be deemed and taken to be a retailer or retailers thereof; and that every perfon, not being a wholefale importer of tobacco or under licence, in whofe cuftody there (hall be found more than fifty fix pounds weight of tobacco, or twenty eight pounds weight of fnuff, (hall forfeit the fum of five pounds for every fuch offence, together with fuch tobacco or fnuff fo found in his or her cuftody ; which tobacco or fnuff may be feized by any officer of the revenue.

LI 11. Provided always, and be it ena&cd by the autho- Keeping-for rity aforefaid. That any perfon or perfons, who (hall keep faLe tohu-co in his, her, or their poffeffion at any one time a lefs quantity of tobacco than fifty fix pounds, or of fnuff than twenty j"“e ^e^vord* eight pounds, for fale, (liall have and keep at or on his in large letter*, or her door or window, 6r other confpicuous place of the &c. lioufe or (hop, wherein the fame (hall be fold, and fronting the ftrect, road, or other publick paffage, the w'ords tobacco or fnuff, as the cafe (hall be, painted on a board of twelve inches fquare, the letters of the faid words to he each one inch in length at lead, and painted of a black colour on a white ground alfo, when required by any officer of the revenue ; and that every fuch perfon or perfons as aforefaid may fell fuch tobacco or fnuff without any licence for that purpofe pieviouffy had or obtained, and without being fubjedl to any penalty or forfeiture for felling the (ame without fuch licence : provided fuch perfon or perfons fo felling fuch quantity of fnuff or tobacco as aforefaid (hall obtain from the perfon, from whom he, (lie, or they (hall have received faid tobacco, fuch certificate as the Hiauufa&urcr or retailer is hereafter obliged to furnilh 5

w Lick

Digitized by

Google

. j

Buying or ftoring tobacco, not impoiter or reuilcr, certificate obtained therewith and produced on of ncerV next vifit, and true account given of all fo received, and from whom,

penalty 5I.

All flock then on hand (hewn to officer, and declared, fire, as herein.

The nineteenth ami twentieth Tears of George III. which certificate fuch perfon, fo felling faid quantity of tobacco or fnuff, (hall produce to any ofiicer of the revenue when required.

LIV. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of Auguft every perfon not being an importer or retailer of tobacco, who (hall buy or (lore tobacco for himfelf or any other perfon, as often as he or (he (hall receive any parcel cr quantity of tobacco, (hall obtain therewith a certificate from the perfon, from whom be or (he (hall hare bought or received the fame 5 which certificate (hall contain the per-fons names, who fold or delivered the fame, and the name of the perfon to whom fuch tobacco was lad fold and delivered, together with the marks and numbers of the outward bulks and particular net weight, and the date of the certificate, which the feller received with the fame either from the furveyor or land waiter who dlfcharged fuch tobacco as aforefaid, or fiom the perfon from whom he pur-chafed the fame; and if the faid quantity or parcel of tobacco (hall have been lad purchafed or received from an importer, that then and in fuch cafe the time when the duty was paid, as alfo the (hip’s name in which the fame was imported, together with the numbers of the colle&or’s warrants for the payment of the duty, (hall be inferted in fuch certificate 5 and the perfon, who fo lad received the fame tobacco, (hall on the next vifit made by any officer of cxcife after fuch perfons having received the fame, upon demand of fuch officer give a true account of all the tobacco fo by fuch perfon received, and from whom the fame was received, and (hall produce the certificate or certificates, which he or (he had fo received therewith as aforefaid; and for every fuch omiflion or negle1! the perfon fo offending (hall forfeit the fum of five pounds.

LV. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That every fuch perfon, not being an importer or retailer of tobacco, and buying or rtoring tobacco for himfelf, or any other perfon as aforefaid, (hall at the requeft of any officer of excife as aforefaid (hew or caufe to be (hewn to him the faid tobacco, and any and all other tobacco that he or (he may then have on hand, and declare that what he or (he (hall then (hew or caufe to be (hewn is all the flock of tobacco, which he or (he (hall then have; and if fuch perfon (hall have fold and delivered the whole or any part of the tobacco mentioned in the certificate, which he or (he received therewith as aforefaid, and (hall not have brought the fame to his or her houfe, cellar, or ftore, then and in fuch cafe fuch perfon (hall in his 01 her own hand writing, or by the hand of his or her clerk, for whom fuch perfon (hall be refponfible, endorfe on fuch

certificate

... The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George III.

Certificate the quantity fo fold or delivered, and to whom, as alfo the numbers and net weight of the parcel fo fold or delivered, that fuch perfon may not receive credit in his or her flock on hand for more, than he or fhe (hall a&ually bring to his orherhoufe, cellar, or'ftore, and fhall then deliver the faid certificate to the officer of excife, who fhall give the (aid perfon a true and fair cbpy thereof figned by nim without alteration or erafement; and as often as any officer of the revenue fhall vifit fuch perfon’s houfc or (lores, fuch perfon at the requefl of fuch officer, fhall declare whether any and what part of faid flock of tobacco was fold or delivered fince the lafl iofpedion thereof by the revenue officer; and in that cafe fuch perfon fhall declare to the faid officer, out of what parcel the fame \va9 taken, together with the numbers thereof, and to whom delivered, and fhall produce to the faid officer the copy of the certificate for fuch parcel, in order that the quantity fo delivered may be indorfed thereon, or in default or refufal thereof fhall forfeit the fum of five pounds.	P	5	#

LVI. And be it further enabled by the authority afore- Certificate faid. That every fuch perfon, not being an importer or to- given with any tailer of tobacco, and fo buying or iloring tobacco for him- thc ^c-felf or for any other perfon as aforefaid, fhall upon delivery i^^articuUriy* of any of his or her flock of tobacco to any perfon what- &c as herein, foever at the fame time give therewith a certificate figned by him or her, or fome perfon for whom he or ihe fhall be rtfponfible, which certificate fhall contain the name of the perfon, to whom and by whom delivered, and fhall fpcdfy the package, marks, and numbers, net weight, and out of what parcel of flock the fame was taken, and alfp the dates of the certificates by which the fame was received, and the numbers of the packages, and the quantity of tobacco originally mentioned in fuch certificates j and that fuch perfon fhall not unpack his or her Hock of tobacco, or any jnrt thereof, in order to flore the fame loofe, or in other different packages, but fhall keep, fell, or difpofe of fuch to-b'acco, in the fame packages, in which fuch perfons fhall have received the fame, favc and except in cafe of fuch tobacco being damaged as herein before mentioned; and every perfon offending herein (hall for every fuch offence forfeit.the fum of five pounds.	P«n»fty, 5L

LVI I. And be it further enabled by the authority afore- . Frame* n;ad$ faid. That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of cjofc ai d t>fc-. Auguft one thoufand feven hundred and eighty every ma- ferved Forlaymg-Bufafturer of tobacco and fnufF fhall within the fpdee of ^*CC° ^	9

. fixty one days,, to commence from the faid tv/eUty fourth day of Augull one thoufend feven hundred and. eighty, stake, ere£t, preserve, and keep, or caufe to be made*

. .erefled, preferved, and kept, a frame or frames, bok or 1 Vol. VI.	F	f	boxes.

Digitized by v^ooQle

penalty, jL

The nineteenth and twntuth Tears of George IIL boxes, clofe boarded or railed, of fuch dimenfions at ftall befl fuit fuch manufacturer’* convenience, for the purpotir of laying his or her tobacco in cafe therein, and (hall place or fix the fame in a convenient manner, fo that any officer or officers of excifc may at all timet eafily infped fuch frame or frames, box or boxes, and take the dimen&om thereof; and fuch manufacturers, fo often as they (hall lay any tobacco in cafe, (hall lay the fame in cafe in fuch frame or frames, box or boxes as aforefaid, or in default thereof every perfon fo offending (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of five pounds.

Retailer with LVlfl. And be it further enaCted by the authority every parcel re- aforefaid. That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of tti^rtfficate* ^uguft ®ne thoufand (even hundred and eighty every manu-eonuining name fa&urcr and retailer of tobacco and fnuff (hall with every eflaft (Seller, See, parcel of tobacco, that he or (he (hall J>ring or receive into his or her houfe, cellar, (lore, or other place, obtain therewith a certificate from the perfon, from whom he or (he (hall have received fuch tobacco, which certificate (hall contain the perfon’* name, who laft fold or delivered the fame, and the name of the perfon to whom fUch tobacco was lift fold and delivered, together with the marks and numbers of the outward bulks and particular net weight, and the date of the certificate which the feller received with the fame; and if the faid quantity or parcel of tobacco (hall have bcea laft purchafed or received from an importer, then and m fuch cafe faid certificate (hall contain the time, when the duty thereof was paid, and alfo the (hip’s name in which the fame was imported, together with the number of the collector’s warrant or warrants for the payment of the doty thereof; and fuch manufacturer or retailer on the next vifit, made by the officer after his or her receiving the fame, (hall upon demand of fuch officer give a full and true account of all the tobacco fo by fuch manufacturer or retafier received, and from whom the fame was received, and (hall produce the certificate or certificates, which he or (he had received therewith from the perfon, from whom he or (he received fuch tobacco as aforefaid; and for every fuch omiffion or negleCt the perfon fo offending (hall forfeit the fum of five pounds; and fuch manufacturer or retailer (hall not on any to alter or de- pretence what foever alter or deface the marks, number, or fiee marks,	weight in faid certificate, or on the (aid outward bulks con-

number, or	taining the faid tobacco, under the penalty of five pounds

weight, s • for every fuch offence : and that if fuch manufacturer or . ? retailer, fo receiving any fuch parcel of tobacco as afore-fakl, (hall fell or deliver the fame, or any part thereof, to * *' * any perfon or perfons whatfoever, and (hall not bring the * *whdlc to hjs or her houfe, cellar, (tore, or other place, he «r (Kc j^ajtwkh his or her own hand, or. by the hand of . ‘	fans

F

Digitized by

Goo<; -

Certificate

The nineteenth and twentieth Tean of George III. fome perfon for whom he or (he (hall be refponfible, en-4oifc on the faid certificate the quantity fo fold or deliver-, cd, that fuch manufacturer or retailer may not receive credit in his or her dock on hand for more tobacco, than he or (he (hall have actually brought to his or her houfe, cellar, or dock ; and fuch officer (hall take the faid certificate into his cultody, and give a fair copy thereof without alteration or erafement, figned by him, to fuch manufacturer Qr retailer.

LIX. And be it further enabled by the authority afore-laid, That from and after the time aforefaid every fuch ma- Slven "wh to-nufaCturer or retailer of tobacco (hall with every quantity of manufactured or unmanufactured tobacco, and every not, &c. quantity of fnuff, he or (he (hall fell or deliver, exceeding four pound weight, give a certificate therewith; which cer-tiefiate (hall contain the name of the perfon, to whom faid tobacco and fnuff (hall be fold and delivered, with the quantity, quality, and fpecies thereof, whether manufactured or unmanufactured, fnuff, roll, cane or pigtail, cut or (talk tobacco, and the name of the perfon who delivered the lame; and the perfon who (hall receive fuch tobacco or fnuff from the faid manufacturer or retailer, (hall, on demand made by any officer of the revenue, produce the certificate received therewith, which fuch officer (hall take into his cultody, and give a fair copy thereof without alteration or erafement, figned by him, to the perfon fo receiving the laid tobacco or fnuff as aforefaid.

LX. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- j^ot unpack-faid, That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of ed to ftore in Auguft one thoufand feven hundred and eighty no fuch different pack-manufaCturer or retailer (hall unpack any part of his or her ta^n Hock of unmanufactured tobacco in order to ftore the fame diate mamifac-in any other or different package, or loofe, or for any turc or falc, Ac, purpofc other than for immediate manufacture, or delivery M herein, on fale, except in cafe of damage in manner herein mentioned ; nor (hall fuch retailer or manufacturer, or any perfon on his or her behalf, unpack any tobacco for manufacture without firft acquainting the furveyor or other officer of excife therewith by notice in writing to be left at the houfe or ufual place of refidence of fuch officer the day before he or lhe (hall unpack the fame; and on the faid lurveyor's or other officer's vifit fuch manufacturer or retailer, or fome perfon on hi* or her behalf, lhall (hew fuch officer, out of what ca(k or pack of tobacco in his or her flock he or (he intends to take the fame; and as foon as fuch tobacco fhall be unpacked, and the bands thereof unbound, and the whole (hall be in loofe leaf, fuch manufacturer, or fome perfon on his or her behalf, (hall weigh the fame in the prefence of the faid officer, and fpecify the quantity of fuch F $2	tobacco

■Sfi

Digitized by

45 2 A. D.

1779-80. Ghap. *12.

yeualty, 5I.

taken only ont of pack (hewn, tee.

fi-

Caled fiy day, in 1 day* after unpacked, pot in fuch frames ir> officer's pre-fencc, 6ec. as -her tin.

penalty, jl.

S:

The r.in&eerjh and twentieth Tears of George IIL tobacco to be put in cafe, and the quantity of c*ne, pigtail, and cut; faid different parcels to be weighed feparate-ly before any part thereof fhall be wet or put m cafe, or (hall be dripped from the ftalk or fpun, or in default thereof fuch manufacturer fhall forfeit the fum of five pounds for every fuch offence ; and it fhall not be lawful for fuch manufacturer or retailer to take any tobacco for the purpofet aforefaid, or any of them, .out of any cafk or pack, other than the cafk or pack fo fhewn ahd declared as aforefaid, nor to take more tobacco thereout than what be or (he fhall fo wet, put in cafe, or manufacture as aforefaid, under the like penalty of fire pounds, to be alfb forfeited by fuch manufacturer or retailer as aforefaid for every fuch offence.

LXI. And be it further cna&ed by the authority aforefaid, That all tobacco fo to be put in cafe as aforefaid fhaB be put therein in the day time, within the fpace of three days after the fame fhall be unpacked, and fhall be put therein in fuch frame or frames, box or boxes as afdrefaid, in the prefence of faid officer immediately after weighing the fame, and the faid tobacco fhaB be laid level and packed clofe in fuch box or boxes, frame or frames j and after the fame fhall be fo done, the officer fhall enter in his book the depth of the tobacco fo put in cafe; and fuch xnano-fa&urer or retailer (hall not upon any pretence whatever add any more thereto, or take out and repack the fame or any jpart thereof, except in. the prefence of the faid officer, who fhall take an account thereof in manner aforefaid; and fuch manufacturer or retailer fhall on each and every of his or her packages or rolls of tobacco, both in and ©ot of prefs, affix to and keep as long as the fame fhaH remain in his or her cultody, a ticket in view, whereon (hall be legibly written in words in length on the outfide of fuck ticket the number of pounds contained in fuch package or roll; and fuch manufacturer or retailer fhall (hew to the aforefaid officer or officers of excife on demand all hit or her Bock of tobacco, and every the frames, boxes, or prdles ufed by him or her in manufacturing the fame, and fhall fornifh the faid officer or officers with fufficient light in all the cellafi and other places of fuch. manufacturer or retailer where the fame may be required, and fhall upon like requeft or demand weigh any part or parcel of his or her Bock of tobacco, except the tobacco in cafe, and fhall declare the flock of tobacco fo fhewn to be the entire Bock then on hand of fuch manufacturer or retailer, under the penalty of five pounds to be forfeited by him or her for every fuch neglcCt or refufaL

LXI I. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of

Auguft

Digitized by

Google

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George 111.	453

Auguft one thoufand feven hundred and eighty every fuch A. D? • * i rrianufa&urer of tobacco fhail, upon every computation to' 1779-80-be made between unmanufactured leaf tobacco and manu- C^tap. factored roll tobacco of any kind, except cane tobacco, be '*-*K~sr****Js 1 allowed a reafonable encreafe of weight in manufaclure, Increafc of not exceeding thirty pound* weight for every huftdred^^^jj2" weight t and every importer, fa£tor, manufacturer, retailer, \0^d (except or other perfon who fhail have any quantity of look un- cane) manufactured tobacco, or tobacco in fmall package on hand, not ab«ve ihall within one month after the faid twenty fourth day of Auguft pack up all fuoh tobacco in calks qV bags, contain- herein, ing at lead four hundred and twenty five pounds weight each ; and if fuch quantity of' tobacco dull not amount to fuch weight, then fuch quantity (hall be packed in‘a cafk or bag, 3od the revenue officer (hall on his fidt vifit next	~

after the expiration of the (aid month mark and number fuch	,

packages with fuch marks and numbers, whereby he fhail.	•

think proper to deferibe the fame, with fuch marks and numbers the fame fhail be delivered without being unpacked or altered, if not opened by a manufacturer or retailer in manner afbrefaid, for the purpofe of fale or manufacturing (be fame, or in cafe of damage as aforefaid*

LXIII. And be it further enafted by the authority Faife return aforefaid, That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of flock or de-of Auguft one thoufand feven hundred and eighty if any cUratioa, 20L importer, factor, manufacturer, retailer, or other perfon buying, felling, ftoring, or zaannfsufturing tobacco, Ihall by him or herfelf, or any perfon employed, by him or her, make a fi&itious or faife Return of his or her flock of tobacco, or make a falft declaration thereof, fuch perfon (ball forfeit for every fuch offence the funr of twenty pounds*

LXIV, And be it enafted by the autliority afore- Package* „ faid. That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of und<au4.2$]}i. Atiguft that all tobacco in packages, containing left than lcgaHy con-four hundred and twenty'five pounds each, wbufti fhail be anTpackeTnot legally Condemned upon leizure, fhail be opened and packed undei 4*5^. in packages containing not left than four hundred and ^'h, and mark-twenty nvc pounds each, which faid packs or packages	**	,c"

fhail be marked with fuch mark, as the commiffioners ^r *	1

fobcommiffiotiefs of excife (hall direft and appoint, progref-fivcly beginning with No. 1 : And as it may happen, jthat different feizures of fmall quantities of tobacco may be made by different officers, that then and irx fuch cafe fuch feizures fhail be weighed feparately, and afterwards packed together in packages of four hundred and twenty five pounds each, in manner aforefaid, and the fame fhail be fold by publiek cant!, fa like manner as tobacco condemned on feizjirts have beeti ufually fold, and the feizing officers of fuch fmall parcels fo packed together, fhail be paid feverally and re-

fpedivvly

Weighed in Cep ar ate parcels of diftincfc foecies not under 425lb. each draft, ice.

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George IIL fpe&ively in proportion to the quantities feized by them refpe&ively : and every perfon, who (hall buy fuch tobacco, or any part thereof, at any fuch (ale or (ales as aforefaid, (hall, before fuch perfon (hall take the fame into his or her cuftody, receive a certificate fot the fame from the regiftcr of feizures or furveyor of the (lores, or other proper officers, who (hall grant the fame ou demand without fee or reward, which certificate (hall contain the marks and numbers, net weight, with the buyer’s name, and the day on which the (aid tobacco (hall be fold ; which certificate and tobacco (hall be fubjecl and liable to fuch regulations and provifioot as in cafes of tobacco bought from an importer, fa&or, or other perfon dealing therein as aforefaid.

LXV. And toprevent unneceffary delays being given to the officers in the execution 'of their duty in and about the feveral matters aforefaid, it is hereby dire&ed, that all to-bacco, that (hall be weighed Upon the officers demand as aforefaid, except tobacco in cafe as aforefaid, (hall be weighed in feparate parcels each of a diftin& or feparate fpecies or denomination, containing not lefs than four hundred and twenty five pounds in each draught; and that all packages of tobacco exceeding that weight (hall be weighed without breaking or dividing the fame; and every perfon or per-forts, in whofe pofleffion fuch tobacco (hall be found, (hall fumifii proper feales and weights; and if fuch perfon or perfons (hall in weighing his, her, or their dock ufe or Sufficient,’for-*eaufe to be ufed any untrue or infufficient feales or weight, (cited with 10L every fuch perfon (hall for -every fuch offence forfeit luch •feales and weights together with the fum of ten pounds.

LXVI. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-faid, That if any perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall at auy time from and after the faid twenty fourth day of Augu& felfcly make, forge, counterfeit, erafe, or alter, or procure to be falfely made, forged, counterfeited* erafed, or altered, or knowingly a<51 or affift in thcfalfe making, forging, counterfeiting, erafing or altering any certificate or certificates herein before mentioned, or (hall knowingly utter or publifh as true any falfe, forged, counterfeited, or imprifoned erafed, or altered certificate or certificates as aforefiJd, fuch perfon or perfons, being thereof lawfully convi&ed according to the due courfe of law (hall he fined or imprifoned at the diferetion of the judge, before whom fuch perfon (hall be tried ; provided that fuch fitje (hall not exceed the font of one hundred pounds, and that fuch imprifonment (hall not exceed the term of fix months.

LXVTI. Provided always, and be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe the perfon or perfons, whole name oi names (hall have been forged or counterfeited to any fuch certificate or certificates, (hall profocute to cod-

vi&ioa

if nntrtie, or

To forge, en&, or alter certificate, Ice.

fined not above tool.

pot above 6 month*.

Perfons whofe names forged, profccuting to conviction, the torucco in certificate not

Digitized by

GoogI—

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George III*	v	451

ri&ion the perfon or perfons fo falfcly making, forging,	A. D.

counterfeiting, erafing, or altering, or aiding or affifting 1779-80. therein, or uttering or publifhing any fuch certificate or Chap. 12.

certificates as aforefaid, the tobacco mentioned in fuch forg- v— J

ed certificate (hall not be brought as a charge againft the brought as a perfon or perfons, whofe name or names fhall have been	&c%	M

forged or counterfeited thereto, and who {hall fo profecute crcia* as aforefaid.

LXVII I. Whereas fevcral frauds have been committed in the trade and employment of making playing cards, whereby not only the payment of the duties, to which playing cards are fubje&, is evaded, but the fair trader materially prejudiced : for remedy whereof be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, that from and after the twenty fourth day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the chief commiffionera of his Majefty’s revenue, or any three of them, to iffue and grant a licence or licences to fuch perfon or perfons, as they fhall think proper, for the making of playing, blank, and meffage cards for any term not exceeding three years from the time of granting fuch licence or licences; and if any mide without perfon or pcrfons (hall after the firft day of Auguft one thou-fand feven hundred and eighty exercjfe or carry on the tc,^ xodL trade or employment of making any playing, blank, or Icc. meffage cards, without fuch licenoe or licences firft had and obtained, the perfon or perfons fo offending fhall for every fuch offence forfeit the fun^of one hundred pounds, together with all fuch cards, and all fuch materials and implements ufed in the making of cards, as fhall be found in hi9, her, pr their poffeffion; all which cards, materials, and implements fhall and may be feized, carried away, and lodged in the next excife office by fuch revenue officer or officers, as fhall difeover and. find the fame.

LXIX. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- 3 commifijon-faid, That from and after the firft day of Auguft one thou- cr?for Dublin, fand feven hundred and eighty it fhall and may be lawful Cork and Lime* to and for the chief commifiioners of his Majefty’s revenue, rick may take or any three of them, in the port and diftrifl of Dublin, recognisance* and to and for the coUe&ors of the ports of Cork and Lime-rick refpc&ively, from time to time to take recognizances	aooL

from the' perfon or perfons applying for fuch licence or licences with one or more fufficient furety or furetics in the fum of two hundred pounds; the condition of fuch recognizances (hall be, that the parties fo licenced, their executors or adminiftrators, fhall anfwer and pay to his Majefty all fuch duties, as fuch perfon or perfons (hall be liable to on account of making any playing, blank, or meffage cards during the time fuch perfon or perfons fhall carry on the bufinefs of a cardmaker under fuch licence.

LXX. Provided

Digitized by CjOOQle

4J6	Tht	nineteenth	land	tvuHtidh Tcort of George IIL

A. D. LXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by ) 779-80. the authority aforefaid* That it fhall and may be lawful to Chap. 12. and for the laid chief cepunifiioom, or any three of them, upon default made in the payment of any fuch duty or On non- duties, as fuch perfon or perfoni fo licenfed as aforefaid oil con-	01 ”^7 ^e to* °* l,P°n c^nvision before thecora-

vicUon iol°n miffioners or fub-commiffiooers of excife, for any frand or licence revoked offence, the penalty or forfeiture for which (hall amount to on notice by 3 tin pounds, from time to time during the term for which commiinoiiero, j;cencc or	fhall have been granted by notice or

inftrument in writing fubferibed by them* or any three of them, to revoke, withdraw, and utterly make void any fuch licence or licence# by them granted to fuch perfon or perfons fo making default or convi&cd as aforefoid; and it fuch perfon or perfons after fuch revocation (hall continue to excrcife the trade or carry on the buhaefe of qard mak-iag, he, fhe, or they fhfll be fubjedt to fuch penalties and forfeitures, as if fuch licence or licences had never been granted to them refpe&ively.

Card-makers,	LXX I. And w hereas great frauds are now pra£ifed by

Jrc. iKa.ll oil re- card-makers concealing their flock of cards on hand from cer	t^lc ^cw t*ie office appointed to fearch and take an ac-

count thereof, and by conveying or difpodng of large quan-materia!*, tities of cards without any (tamp thereon, and without en|(y or payment of duties; for remedy whereof be it penalty tel. enacted by the authority aforefaid, that from and after the firft day of Augufl one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, 5I. on fore- evciy cardmakcr, who (hall make any cards, his foreman, *■	*	head fervant, or the perfon employed to attend the (aid bu-

flnefs, from time to time, and as often as fuch cardmakcr (hall be required by the officer or officer# appointed to view and take an account of the fame, (hall (hew to fuch officer or officers all the flock then on ha*d of cards, and all the materials for making the fame belonging to fuch cardmakcr pr cardmakers, under the penalty of tea pounds in cafe of refufal to be forfeited by fuch cardmakcr and cardmakers, and of five pounds to be forfeited by the foreman, head fervant or other perfon employed fo refuting as aforefaid j and that in default of p lyment of faid fum of five pounds fuch foreman, head fervant, or other perfon fo employed, Cards and ma- fhall fuffer one month’s imprifonment, and that in caic fuch Serials found officer or officers fhall afterwards find any cards or mate-over iciled,	making cards of the flock then on band over and

above the quantity fo (hewn as aforefaid, fuch cards and and 2d. every materials fhall be forfeited; and it fhall and may be lawful i% dozen p*cks, for fuch officer or officers to feize and carry the fame away; and fhscia. and fuch cardmaker or cardmakers fhall refpe&ively forfeit a fum at the rate of twenty pounds for every twelve doaen packs of cards, and a fum at the rate of twenty pounds for

every

TbemmcteentkanJ t^miUth Tears of George III.	4^

ryery twelve <Wsriffieet8 of paper materials for cardmakipg, Ar D. which (hall be fo, found over and above the quantity that	~

LXXXL And be it further enaded by the authority. aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the 3 commiffi-. laid, commifiioners for the time being, or any three of them, oners may direct to direct and appoint fuch officer or officers of excite, as ^cmra/of ftocic they (hall think proppr, to keep an account of allcardaand found, &.c. as • materials for making cards, which (hall from time to time herein, tit found by him or them in the hands or pofleffiqu of any cardmaker or cardmakers: and upon any decrease or deficiency of fuch (lock of cards and materials, not properly accounted for, to charge, fuch cardmaker or cardmakers with all duties, payable for fuch cards not accounted for, and alfo with the amount, of the duties on fo many cards < as. might be made, from,or with fuch. materials not ac« counted for as aforefaid;, the (aid duties to .be paid by fuch cardmaker or cardmakers, upon oath made by fuch officer Qf officers as aforefaid before the colledors of the ports of Dublip, Cork, and Limerick refpedively, appertaining the quantity fo deficient and brought to charge ( which oath, tfie (aid collegers are hereby refpe^iyjly. impoweyed to ad-miaifler.)

LXXIIJ. And be it, further enaded by the authority. Collactor aforefaid, That if any, fuch colledor or ftamp mailer, of allowing entry cards, after proof made of fuch deficiency as aforefaid, (hall allow any entry to be made by or (hall (lamp any cards of onfochdocteafo or belonging to fuch cardmaker or. cardrnakers,^ before he, forfeit aph Ihe, or they (hall have anfwercd or paid all charge^, made on account of fuch. decreafc or deficiency, that then and. in eyery fuch cafe the faid pplledpr or (lamp mailer (hall re-	'

fpeftively forfeit.the fprn.pf twenty pounds, to be fued for, recovered, and appliedi in fuch manner as herein after is mentioned, any thing herein or ip any former ad contained to the contrary not with Handing*

LXXJV- And. b$ it further enaded by the authority . . pfotefaid, That from and after the firft day of* Auguft onehou^aftweard* Slioufan4 feven hundred and eighty as often as any card- made up for maker oy .cardmakeip (hall make up cards, intended for ex- export to the imitation, lie* (he, pr they (hall within one hour after the damp-matter, lame are made up, give notice thereof to the (lamp mailer &c’ c£ the place, where fpeh cards (hall be made up, and (hall in the prefence of the faid (lamp mailer depofite fuch cards in fopje of his Maje&y’s ftprehoufes at the place* where fuch cards (hall be made up 5 the faid cards there to remain until a certificate from the colledor of the port- (hall be produced to the (aid (lamp mailer; which certificate (hall ex-prefs or import, that all the legal ret^uifites relative to fuch cards have been geriormod.	*

(hall have been (hewn as aforefaid.

^	LX XV. And,

Digitized by

Removing card* fo deposited without pcr-miHion, 50I.

Found undamped, feifed.

and sol. to the king and the officer.

Unftamped parcels in covers, wpofcdto fide or in (hops, deemed a whole pack, &c.

On forfeiture by this or former law, officer may feife and lodge in next axcife office, Ice.

Tie nineteenth and tmen/ieth Tearj of George III.

LXXV. And be it further ena&cd by the authority aforefaid, That if fuch cardmaker or cardmakers, Shall at any time remove filch cards fo depofited as aforefaid, or (hall fuffer the fame to be removed, without the permiffion of the (lore keeper or furveyor of his Majedy's flores far& had and obtained, he, (he, or they (hall thereby forfeit a fum of fifty pounds.

LXXVI. And whereas cardmakers in order to evade the payment \>f the duties, to which playing cards are fubjed, do keep them without (lamps, under pretence that they are intended for exportation, and afterwards fell them though not marked or damped as by law required: for remedy whereof be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the firft day of Augufl one thoufand feven hundred and eighty if any pack or packs of playing cards (hall be found m the houfe, (hop, room, or place of any cardmaker, (hopkeeper, or retailer of cards, without being marked, fealed, or damped, as by law is required, the fame (hall be, adjudged forfeited, and may be feized and carried away by any officer of his Majedy’s revenue; and the cardmaker, (hopkeeper, or retailer of cards. In whofe pofleffion fuch pack or packs of cards (hall be found, (hall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds, one moiety to his Mi-jedy, and the other to the feizing officer, to be fued for and applied as herein after is direded.

LXXVI I. And whereas cardmakers, (hopkeepers and retailers of cards in order to evade the law keep one or more card or cards from and out of each pack, and then alledge, that they are wade cards, and not within the defer ipt ion and penalties of the ftveral a&s relative to packs of playing cards: for remedy whereof be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the fird day of Augud one thoufand feven hundred and eighty every undamped parcel of painted, fpotted, or playing cards, m-clofed in paper covers, which (had be expofed to (ale by or found in the (hop of any (hopkeeper or retailer of cards, (hall to all intents and purpofes be condrued and taken to be a whole pack of playing cards within the true intent and meaning of this a&, and (hall fubje6l fuch (hopkeeper and retailer of cards to all the feveral penalties and forfeitures infli&ed and impofed by this or any other law whatfoever for felling, expofing to (ale, or keeping painted, fpotted, or playing cards, not fealed, damped, or qiarked, or made up, puriuant to this or any of the laws now in force in this kingdom.

LXXVIII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That in all cafes where a forfeiture of painted, fpotted, or playing cards, or of utenfils or materials for making cards, (turn be incurred by virtue of this or any

former

9

ft$ O. ft.

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George III. former law, ft (hall and may be lawful to and for the officer or officers of his Majefty’s revenue, who (hall deteft the fraud or offence, for which fuch cards, utenfils, or materials (hall become forfeited, to feize, attach, and .carry away all fuch cards, utcrfils, and materials for making cards, and the fame to lodge in the cxcife office neareft to the place of feizure, there to be detained and kept until difpofed of by doe comfe of law.

L.XXIX. And whereas by an aft made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late Majefty, king George thef. 10. f, 17. fecond, intituled, An a3 for amending an a3 for the enrou- “ftctiial. ragememt of tillage, and better employment of the poor, and alfo	I

far other purpofes therein mentioned,, it is among other things enafted, that if any perfon (hould thereafter fell or expofe to fej|. fale any playing cards, which had before been fold, opened, before fold, due. or played with, every perfon fo offending (hould forfeit forty penalty iol. * (hillings: and whereas the faid in part recited aft has hitherto proved ineffeftual: therefore be it further enaf:i ed by the authority afore laid, That ever # perfon, who (hall hereafter be guilty of the faid offence, (hall forfeit the fum of ten pounds; to be fued for, recovered, and applied in manner herein after mentioned, and that cards fo fold or expofed to fale (hall be forfeited, and it (hall and may be lawful for any forfeited, officer of his Majefty's revenue to feize and carry away the •fame.

LXXX. And whereas (hopkeepers and retailers of cards, Above % in order to evade the penalties impofed on perfons felling or found expofing to fale unftamped cards, by various contrivances conceal and keep in their poffeffion unftamped cards intend- tofale, and^ cd by them for fale : for remedy whereof and in order to fubject to for-remove all doubts thereupon be it declared and further enaft- kiture*. cd by the authority aforefaid, that all cards exceeding in quantity two packs, which (hall hereafter be found in any houfe, out office, warehouse, or elfcwhere, in the poffeffion of any (hopkeeper, or retailer of cards, (hall be deemed and cooftdered as cards expofed to fale within the true intent and meaning of this aft, and of every other aft, whereby card-makers, (hopkeepers, and retailers of cards, are fubjeft to forfeitures and penalties for felling or expofing to (ale, painted, fpotted, and playing cards, not (lamped, marked, or made up, in manner ana form as by the laws now in force in thiB kingdom is required.	*

LXXXI. And whereas painted, fpotted, and playing Found with cards not (lamped, marked, or made up according to law, hawker. pedlar* or marked with forged (lamps, are carried about for fale, fiwfefced. circulated and fold in and throughout the kingdom, to the	'

manifeft prejudice of the fair trader and lofs to the revenue: for prevention whereof be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the firft day of Auguft one

thoufand

Digitized by LjOOQle

Tfy nineUentJ^artd twentieth Tears of George III. thoufand fevea hundred and eighty, painted, fpotted, and playing carih, which mall he found in the poffeffion of any hawkerj p^cjtar, petty chapman, or oth~r tiading perfon travelling from place to place, (hall be forfeited ; and it (foil anamay be lawful to and for any officer or officers off his Mr’.|eftyya revenue to feize and lodge fuch cards in the next ex*r c:fc office,' to be proceeded ag^mft and difpofed of in fuch manner a* herein after mentioned,

LXXXII. And whereas thp power vefled in the (aid commiffioneW to ’ alter and change from time to time the (lamps upon cards hath not fufficiently anfwered the purpofet intended: be S' further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, ▼ertiicd 5 days, that as often as the laid commiffioners, or any three of them, (hall think fit to alter, change, or ’renew the marks or (lamps fot cardB, and the paper enclosing the fame, or any of them, it fh^ll and may be lawful for all perfpns, who fliafl at fuch refpe&ive times have in their cuftody or pp{fefiioti ahy cards and papers inclojing packs of cards marked with the (lamp or (lamps fo intended to be altered, changed* or renewed at any time, within the fpace of two months after fuch intention of renewing, changing, or altering laid flumps or marks (hall have Been published in the Dublin Gazette *	for three fucceffive days of publication, to fell or expofe to

‘ fale fuch cards marked with the (lamp or ftamps fo intend* ed to be altered, changed, and renewed, and no longer. * Card* and LXXXIII. Provided always, and be it ena&ed by the papers mooting authority aforefaid, That if any cards marked with the old ^amP8 ihall remain on hands and unfold, it (hall and may bfc vWthfh 2 lawful to and! for any cardmaker, fhopkeeper, or retailer oC mouQiH e^oal cards, at any time within the faid two months, to bring or ninHbet with fond fuch cards and papers inclofing packs of cards, marked efvendutyfree	the	old (lamp, to the, refpe&ivc mafters, or to fuch

•	*	officer	or	officers as! (hall be appointed in that behalf by the

faid conimiffioners, or any three of them, at their refpedtive offices in the cities of Dublin, Cork, and Limerick; and the faid ftarnp mafters and officers rc(pe<ftive!y are Hereby required to mark with the new ftamps (uch cards fo brought ip, and fo many papers inclofing pack of cards as (hail be equal in number 16 the papers fo brought in, fuch new ftamps to bfc inrpreffed, and given in lieu o? the old, free and '	exempt	from the payment of any duty or fee whfctfoever for

the ffme.

Foand after	LX\XIV. Provided alfo, that if after the (aid two

niphihs any cards with the faid old ftamps (ball be found in ppifeffion qf any cardmakcr, ffiopkeeper, or rctailerof td, &c.	* cardfc, the Tame ihjaU be forfeited; and it (hall and may be

lawful to and for ^ny officer or officers of his MajeftyV revenue to fei$e and cany away the fame, to be proceeded k* gaioft and djipofed of in fuch manner as herein after hienti-.	‘	' tacd;

A>

i779*8p.t Chap. 12I

Card* with a’terafeftitup. fold urithin f months titer, intention, ad-

Digitized by v^ooQle

7hc nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George III.	461

oned 5 and the perfbn or perfons, in whofe poffcffion the A. IX fame (hall be found (hall be liable and'fubjeft to all fuch pe- 1779-80* naltiee and forfeitures, as he, (he, or they fhould be liable Chap. 12* to, if the faid cards or papers containing packs of cards	'

never had been damped.

JLXXXV. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- Cardmalccr’e faid. That from and after the paffing of this a& eVery card- oath inftcad of maker, indead of the 03th mentioned in the faid recited a& ^th 3G. 2. c. 3. of the third of king George the fecond, (hall at the rfcfpec-tive times, and before the refpedtive perfons therein mentioned, make oath, or if a quaker, foleninly affirm, in the Words following, to wit:

I A. B. do /wear, nr if a quaker do affirm, that the num-her of packs of cards now entered by me is the full amount of the quantity of painted, /potted, and playing cards manufaQured by me or for my ufe from the	day	of

to the time of this my preferit entry, except	/	packs

made op by me for exportation, which are nbw lodged in his Mtijefty’sfores, or have been exported (as the cafe may be*)

LXXXVI. And be it further ena&ed by the authority Faliefwear-tiforefaid, that if any perfon or perfons (hall wilfully, falfely,. mg Pf fiiboma-mnd corruptly take the faid oath or affirmation, and be there- tion of lawfully convided by verdid, or upon his, her* ortheir or^borm^oru^ confeffion, he, (he, or they fo offending (hall for every fuch offence incur and fnffer fuch penalties, forfeitures, pains, and difabilities, as perfons convided of wilful and corrupt perjury are by law liable unto; or if any perfon or perfons lhall corruptly procure or fuborn any other perfon to' take the faid oath or affirmation, and the perfon or perfons'fo jfro-curing or fuborning (hall be thereof convidea by verdid or upon his or their confeffion, every perfon fo offending (hall for every fuch offence incur and fuffer fuch penalties, forfeitures, pains, and difabilities, as perfons convided of perjury or of fubornation of peijury are refpedirely by the laws of this kingdom liable unto.

LXXXVI I. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, Ko cards that from and after the firff day of Auguff one thoufhnd wtfte, unlef» feven hundred and eighty, no cards (hall be deemed wafte every comer cards, unlefs every comer of each of fuch cards be cut off, fi^nparcels mnd unlefs the fame be fold in parcels without being indofed Q0t inclofcd, &c. in any paper cover whatfoever 5 and if any cardmaker, (hop-keeper or retailer of cards, (hall fell or depofe to fale as walte cards any cards inclofcd m paper covers, or not cut in . manner aforefaid,. he, (he, or they fo offending (ha}l be lia-. bleto all the penalties, and incur all the forfeitures infli&ed and impofed by this or any former law for Ming or ex-j	2	pofing

Digitized by Google

Comm iffi oners to appoint one in Limerick to keep the marks, ftamps, •r leal*, Ac.

falary xol. paid quarterly.

Newt printer, Arc. in Dublin, (hall on each day deliver t damped impref-fion at damp office,

in other places i im-preffions to next damp didributor, Ac. a* herein.

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George III. pofing to (ale, painted, fpotted, or playing cards without ftamps.

LXXXVIII. And be it further ena&ed by the aothority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the commiffioncrs of his Majedy*s revenue, or any three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and impowered, from time to time to appoiot a fit and proper perfon in the port of Limerick, who (hall have thfc cuftody and keeping of the mark, damp, or £eal, marks, ftamps, or feals, which have been or (hall be appointed to be put on cards or papers indofing packs of cards refpe&ively, and (hall from time to time put fuch mark or ftamp as by law required upon all dice, or fuch mark or feal as by law required upon the paper and thread inclofing every pack of cards, and on the painted or fpotted fide of one of the cards of each pack, which (hall be duly entered, and for which the duties impofed by law (hall be duly paid to the colleftor of th? hud port \ and the perfon, who (hall be appointed to mark, ftamp, and feal cards and dice refpe&ively, purfuant to this a&, (hall have and receive, during his continuance in the faid office the yearly fum of ten pounds, which (aid yearly fum (hall be paid him quarterly by the colle&or of the (aid port of Limerick put of^ the duties charged on cards and dice.

LXXXIX. And whereas many printers and publiffiersof news papers by the fale of undamped news papers defraud his Majefty’s revenue, and injure the fair trader: for prevention whereof be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, that every printer or publifher of a news paper, printed or pub* lifhed in the city or county of Dublin during the continuance of this ad, (hall on each day of publication thereof caufe to be delivered to the regifter of pamphlets at the ftamp office in laid city one damped impredion or copy of faid news paper fo printed or publifhed; and every printer or publifher of a news paper printed or publifhed during the time aforefaid in any place in this kingdom, except as aforefaid, (hall on each day of publication of (aid news paper caufe to be delivered to the next didributor of damps in the county, in which faid news paper (hall be printed or publifhed, two impreffions or copies of every fuch news paper fo printed or publifhed, damped as aforeuud, for which feve-ral copies or impreffions fo delivered as aforefakt the rcfpec-tive printers or publifhers thereof (hall be paid the ufual and current prices of faid impreffions or copies, tnd wheofoever and as often as any undamped news paper or news papers (hall be printed, publifhed, expofed, or offered to (ale by any printer, publifher, or news hawker, or (hall be convened by pod orotherwife to any perfon by (aid printer or pub* lifher, then and m every fuch cafe the damped impreffiota, copy, or duplicate, fo delivered as aforedud, (hall be evidence

Digitized by v^ooQle

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George III. dence again ft faid printer or publifher of the printing and publifhing of all fuch unftamped news paper, of which news paper fo unftamped fuch ftamped impreffion is a duplicate; and fuch printer or publilher of the impreffion fo ftamped (hall be deemed the printer or publifher of all the unftamped news papers, of which fuch unftamped news paper is an impreffion or duplicate ; and every printer or publifher of fach news paper or news papers as aforefaid, who fhall negleft qr omit to deliver or caufe to be delivered fuch copy or impreffion as herein before direct d, fhall for every fuch omiffion pay a penalty of forty Shillings to be recovered by civil bill by any perfon who fhall fue for the fame at the feffions of the city or county of Dublin, or at the affizes in the refpeftive counties where fuch printer or publifher fhall refide; and fuch

heirs andfucceffors, feveral duties upon flamped vellum, parch- ftamped i ment, and paper, for printing, publifhing, or expofing to papers, fele unftamped news papers 5 fuch penalty or penalties to be recovered by civil bill at the feffions of the city or county of Dublin, or at the affizes in fuch county where the printer or publifher of fuch unftamped news paper or news papers refpeftively refide, any thing in this aft to the contrary not-withftanding.

XC. And be it further enafted by the authority afore- 401. penalty faid, that any perfon, who fhall buy or fell, or have or keep ****7 tmftamp-in his, her, or their poffeffion, any unftamped news paper fouSi^i^poSf-within the time aforefaid; fhall be fubjfcft and liable to the fion, *5,^ penalty of forty fhillings fterling for every fuch‘unftamped news paper, fo found in his, her, or their pofTeffion; fuch penalty to be recovered by civil bill, by any perfon who fhall fue for the fame, the one moiety thereof to be difpofed of to the poor of the parifh in which ftich penalty fhall be recovered, and the other to the ufe of the informer.	'

XCI. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, that an aft made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his late Majefty king Gedrge the fecond, intituled, An $3	*•	*

ma for better regulating the CoUcB’ton of his MajcJly's revenue, ,0* and for preventing offrauds therein, and for repeating an aB made the hjl fejjion of parliament, intituled, An aB for continuing and amending feveral laws heretofore made relating to his Majcjffs revenue, and for the more effeBual preventing of frauds an his Majeffs cuftoms arid excife, and the feveral aBs and flatutes which are mentioned in the faid aB, and continued thereby, and alfo one other aft made m the firft and fecond years | ^ A q. g. of his Majefty’s reign, intitled. An aB for continuing and c. 7. amending an ad, intituled,' An aB for better regulating the col-leBion of bis Majefly's revenue, and for preventing frauds

thereint

Digitized by UooQle

3 and 4 21.

ySnd 8 O. 3

c. 27.

t? and ia O-

$.C7.

i’he nineteenth anJtwentieth fears of George IlT. l)k therein ; andfir repealing an'ad made the loft ffjion of Par fa go. ament, intituled, An ad fir continuing and amending fevered laws heretofore made, relating to hit Majflfs revenue, and for the more ffedual preventing of frauds in hit Mayfly s cuftomi and wife, and the feveral ads and Jlatutes which are mentioned in the faid aQ, and continued thereby^ and alfo One other aft made in the third 4nd fourth years of his Majefty’i reign» intituled, An aQ for continuing and amending two fezsera/ ads of Parliament therein mentionedand for the morerfec-tual preventing of frauds in bit Mayfly's aflame and txcife,

A IQ t. ‘ tend for other purpofes therein mentioned and alfo one other ad * made in the fifth and fixth year* of his Majefty’s reign, in-* titukd, An ad for continuing and amending feveral laws relate ing to his Majflfs revenue, end for the more ffedual prevent-ing of frauds therein, and for other purpofes therein mentioned* and alio one other ad made in the feventh and eighth years of his Majefty’s rtign, intituled. An ad for the further improvement of his Mayejlfs revenue, and for continuing and amending feveral ads therein particularly mentioned, and alfo one other ad made in the eleventh and twelfth years of his Majefty’s reign, intituled. Ah ad for the further improvement of his Mayfly's revenue, and the mors tjfcdual preventing of frauds therein, and for continuing and amending fveral laws heretofore made and now in force, relative to his Moyejty'sfaid revenue, and alfo one other aft made in the thirteenth and iy and 14 £>• fourteenth years of his Majefty’s reign, intituled. Am 3. c. 8.	jQr ctmt'tnuing and amending feveral laws How in force relating

lo bis Mayfly's revenue, and for the more ffedual preventing of ' frauds therein ; and alfo one other ad made in the fifteenth 15 and 16 Q. and fixteenth years of his Majefty’s reign, intituled. An \off y c. 15.	*	for the improvement of h'u Majejlf* revenue, and the mars ef-

* fcdually preventing of frauds therein, and for continsrissg and amcrtdiag feveral laws heretofore made, and now in force, relative to his Mayfly's faid revenue; and alfo one other ad made in the feventeenth and eighteenth years of'his Ma-jefty's reign, intituled, An ad for the improvement of her Mayfly's revenue, and the more, ffedually preventing of frauds therein, and for continuing and amending feveral lanvs heretofore made, and now inforce relative thereto, and all and every the daufes therein tefpedively contained (except fiich parts thereof as are altered, repealed, or'amended by this prefeat ad, or by any of the faid recited ads) ftiall continue and be in force for the fpace of two years from the twenty-fourth day of Auguft one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of Parliament, and no longer.

XCII. And be it further enaded by the authority afore-faid, "That all and every the fines, penalties, and forfeitures hifU&ed by this ad, or by the faid feveral ads of parliament '	W*®*	*	herein

17 siid i8G

3. «. 8.

continued, Awe u altered, % year*, &c.

PenaMei, fere otherwift

Digitized by

Google

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George III.	465

herein before lad particularly mentioned or recited, or by	A. D

any of them, (other than and except fuch as By this aft, or	1779-80.

by any of the fuch recited afts of parliament herein before lafl mentioned, are otherwife provided for) (hall and may be hy 14 and 15 C. fued for, recovered, levied, and applied in fuch manner and *•	**

form, and by fuch ways and means, and with fuch powers and authorities, as are preferibed, direfted and' appointed in and by an aft of parliament made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of King Charles the fecond, intitled, dh a9 for fetting the excife or new impojl upon his Majejly, his heirs andfuccefforsy according to the book of rates therein inferted, as fully and effeftually to all intents, conftruftions, and purpofes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned and exprefTed and re-enafted in the body of this prefent aft, with the like remedy of appeal to and for w»th like the party or parties who (hall think him, her, or them- ftPPcal« felvcs aggrieved or injured, as in and by the faid aft of ex-cife is provided.

XCIV. Provided always, and be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That this aft, and the feveral Continuance provifions hereby made, (hall continue and be in force for 2 year* from the fpace of two years from the twenty-fourth day of An- 24 Aug. 17^0, guft one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, and from *c* thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, and no longer.

CHAP. XIII.

An A8 for explaining and amending an AS pajfed in the fifteenth and Jixteenth Tears of the reign of George the thirds _ entitled. An AS for the better regulating the pipe water of the city of Dublin*

WHEREAS by ' n aft pafled in the fifteenth and fix-

teenth years of his prefent Majefty's reign, after re- Amended citing as is therein recited, feveral regulations are thereby 3. c. 6r. made, which have been found to be of general ufe to the; 2 ,^3^16° feveral inhabitants of the faid city, but in fome particulars q y c require to be explained and amended : therefore be it enafted by the king's mod excellent Majelly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent parliament aflcmbled, and by the authority of the fame, that from and after the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty* every owner or occupier of every houfe in the faid city of Dublin, its liberties and fuburbs, and in fuch parts of the county owner of of Dublin and other diftrifts, as are contained within the Ji- ***££ in

Vol. VL

Gg

mits

Dublin, See. (ball provide a lcad:n pipe to

Digitized by v^ooQle

Tht mrietsentb And twentieth Tears of George lit. hiits afordaid, /hall, and they are hereby required, under the dirc&ion of - the propel officer or officers of the laid city to provide for the ufe of fuoh houfc or houfes a ferule branch or leaden pipe of the ufual and approved dimenfioos to conchy the water from the fevcral pipes, that now are or hereafter fhall be laid in the fevcral ftreets, alleys, yards, courts, fquarcs, lanes, or on the quays in the laid city (its liberties and fuburbs) into fuch houfe or houfes within the h-tint* aforefaid in cadi cafe refpe&ively.

II.	And the better to enable the lord mayor, (hcriffs, commons, and citizens of the city of Dublin to carry the laid purpofes into execution, to condruft new mains and Cervices of large* dimenhons than heretofore ufed, to ere& citterns and refervatories, to place cocks and fervices of metal or *lly, lor water, wo<><^ and to extend tne whole of the laid Works, be it en-*c. at herein.	by tfoe authority afordaid, that from and after the

twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feveo hundred and eighty, every owner or occupier of every houfc in the faid city of Dublin, the liberties and fuburbs thereof, (hall pay to 'the faid lord mayor, ffieriffis, commons, and citizens of the city of Dublin, or tp the officers or colle&ort by them authorized and appointed, the fpDowing fums annually, and no more, and at the following rates for water \ for every dwelling houfc paying fifteen (hillings and upwards minifter^s money the anriual rent or lum of twenty ibfilinga ; for every dwelling houfe paying from ten (hillings to fifteen fhillings minitler's money the annual rent or fum of fifteen {hillings; and for every dwelling houfe paying Ids than ten (hillings minitter’s money the annual rent or fum of ten Aid-

nf^»m!ney . S*. Provided alway*, and be it evaded by the aotbo-not deertained, rky afordaid. That where the swii&tr’s money » not af-rated by work- certained, then in every fuch cafe refjpe&yvly fuch houfe houfc hooka. or houfes fhall be chargeable with and the poffdibrs thereof (hall pay at the rates before mentioned, according ** the faid houfe or houfes (hall be rated in and by the workhoufe books.	1

Where diver# IV. And whereas many houfes are let out in divers porti-tcnanis (aid on8> lodgings, or tenements to dittiod tenants or inmates;

* be it ensiled by the authority afordaid, That then and in

nom owner, esc*	- . r * v r • '	■	*	»	.	*____

snd allowed ' every inch calc the foregoing rent payable at the rates here-

him on receipt in before mentioned (hall be paid | and that the laid lord ot refidue. mayor, (heriffa, commons, and citizens may be impowered to levy the fame from the owners or owner, renter, or principal tenant of fuch houfe# or tenements, or from the occur pier or occupier# of any part or parts of fuch houfes* or ttr nements, in fuch manner as other diftrefies and fideaaune by the aforementioned ad dire&ed; and fuch occdpier or occupiers of fuch tenements being parts of houfes are hereby ventured,

convey water into fuch houfc*

Every dwelling houfc, paying 15,. xninifter’s money, (haH pay ao». annu

Digitized by

Google



\



The nineteenth and twentieth Tears tf Geotge I1T. gulfed and authorized to ply filch funis, as are herein before mentioned, and to deduft the fame out of the rent of his, her, or their holdings 5 and the owner Or proprietors, renters, or principal tenants, are required to allow fuel* dcdu&t-ons and portents upon the receipts of the ftlidue of the rents, and ail fuch tenants plying fuch annual rents for water as herein charged /Hall be acquitted and difeharged for fo much, as the faid rent amounts to, as if the fame were actually paid to fuch perfon* to Whom the rent9 of their fever<d holdings fhould have been due and payable*

V.	And be it eua&ed by the authority afofefaid, That	_

every brewer,, mcMcr, diftiBer, fagar baker, tanner, fleinner, ££

dyer, and every other perfon or perfons who fhaU make ufe of J0 confumpticn* the (aid water in. their feveral trader, oeenpattonr, or manu-fa&ures, (haft pay for the laid water agreeable to the prefent mode according to their refpt&ive confumptions and agreements for that purpofe between them and the faid city ; provided the (aid fura (hall not exceed the fum of twenty pounds in any one year for each perfou.

VI.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That payiJJc“^ if any petfon neglect or refufe to. pay the annual rents days after dea herein before mentioned for twenty one days after perfonal mand,diftraineit demand thereof, or demand in writing left at the place of ^a^r^maZ°C*S abode or occupation of the perfons fo dire&ed to pay the warraDt* S £aid rents, it fhtdl tmd may be lawful to and for the faid lord

mayor, (herifls, commons, and citizens of the faid city of Dublin, or their officer Or receivers appointed to receive the faid annual rents, to cut off all fupply of water by drawing their ferules out of the wooden pipes, or by warrant under the hand and fell of the lord mayor of the (hid city for the time being, which warrant, be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, the faid lord mayor may be authorized and require ed to giant, by and with the affiffcance of the high con (table of the faid city of Dublin, or a con liable of the paridi or place where foch negled or refofal Aiail happen, who is required to be aiding and affifUng, to enter into die houfes of' lands within the faid city, and it* liberties and fuburbs, Occupied by the pfcrfonofo changeable with the faid rents, and to dktraia their goods and chatties } and.il the faidijmualrcot dull not be paid within twenty one-days after fuch diftrefa, together with the cofts of the' (aid diftreflet, to be ascertained by any two of more jjttftiees of the pence for the county of the eity of Dubhit* then to fell fo much and fuch part thereof as will be fufheient to pay the faid- rent, with all cods and chaigc* attending fuch diffnefa and falc, returning the overplus (ir any) to the owner* uf focb goods andchnttles*

/

G g 2' VII. And

.	4$7

A. D.

t7?79-80. Chap. iy.

Perfons nfin*

‘ Digitized by

Google

.468

A. 1\

I 779-80. Chap. 13.

Diftrefs not unlawful for want of form, &c.

Dnleft ten-drr of amrntlt before, *Vfend-ant*. before iCuc may hy Jrave pay in;o court.

Houfe§-cn-tf red from 8 till 4.

No fupplyof water unleft proper ciftem provided, See.

Pipes, &c. to be under direction of lord nuyor, &c.

• 7be nineteenth And twentieth Yean pf George 111.

VII.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That v here any dittrefs is made for any money to be levied by this ad, the diftrefs itfelf fhall not be deemed unlawful, nor the parties making fuch diftrefs be deemed trefpafiers on account of any default or want of form in any proceedings rdati*e thereto, nor yet be deemed trefpaflers ah initio on account of any irregularity afterwards done by the party or parties dif-t raining, but the perion aggrieved by fuch irregularity may recover full fatisfa&ion for the fpecirfl damage in an adion oa the cafe.

VIII.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That no plaintiff fhall recovci in any adion for any fuchir-regularity, trefpafs, or other proceeding, if tender of fuf-ficicnt amends fhall be made by or on behalf of the parties, who committed or cauftd to be committed any fuch irregu-1 irity, trefpafs, or wrongful proceedings, before fuch adion brought; and in cafe no fuch tender fhall have been made before adion commenced, it fhall be lawful for the de-fohchnts in any fuch adions by leave of the court before ilTue joined to pay into court fuch fum of money, as he or they (hall think fit; whereupon fuch proceedings, or order and judgment, fhall be had, made, and given in and by foch court, as in other adions wherein the defendants arc allowed to pay money into Court.

IX.	And be it furtlier enaded by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid lord mayor, fheriffs, commons, and citizens, or their fuccefTors, or thtir engineer appointed by them for conduding the fa'd works, to enter into all the houfes and premiffes "within the feveral dittrids aforefaid from eight of the clock in the morning until four in the afternoon, a day’s notice m writing thereof being firll given, to infped if there fhould be acy undue diverfion or improper appropriation of water.

X.	A nd to prevent as much as poflible the wilful and neg-

ligent wafte of water be it enaded by the authority afore-fakl, That hereafter no private dwelling houfe, manufadn-Ter, or-others, be fupplied with water, unlefs the pofTcffor thereof do and fhall provide a proper cittern of lead, brick, or wood, to hohLa fufficiency of water, and ball •and flop cocks placed tnercon to prevent wafte, when the daid citterns are fully ferved and filled, under the penalty •of ten pounds, to be recovered in manner herein after mentioned.	,

• XI. And be it enaded by the authority frfdrefaid, That all pipes, branches, ferules, and cocks for Supplying of water, the property of private perfons, be, and are hereby di-reded to be, under the management and diredion of the (aid

lord

Digitized by )< '^Ie

if interrupt-

l

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George III. lord mayor, (heriffs, commons, and citizens, and their fucccf* fors, their engineer, officers, or workmen, under the penalty of ten pounds, to be recovered in the manner herein after mentioned.

XII.	And be it further enaCted by the authority afore-faid. That in cafe the faid lord mayor, (heriffs, commons,

and citizens, or their fucceffon, their officers, or workmen* *”nerJ5£\

(hall be interrupted, molefted, or prohibited at any time hereafter in the execution of the faid works, or in the exer-cife of their refpeCHve duties, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a&, every fuch perfon or perfons (hall forfeit for every fuch offence the fum of twenty pounds, one moiety thereof to be for the ufe of the governors of the bluecoat hofpital in Oxmantown in the faid city of Dublin to be applied by them to the ufe of the faid hofpital, the other moiety to the ufe and benefit of the informer to be recovered before any of his Majefly’s juftices of the peace for the county of Dublin or county of the city of Dublin* where fuch offence (hall be committed, upon the oath of one or more witnefs or witneffes 5 and upon con vision to be levied on the goods and chatties of the offender or offenders by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch juftice of the peace, who is and are hereby required to grant the fame.

XIII.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That . E*c*!

all and every perfon or perfons, who (hall fupply themfelves extri-parochial, with water from the city watercourfe for private ufe, or for (hall pay 20c. carrying on manufactures, either extraparochial, or in the county of Dublin at large, (hall and they are hereby required to pay for each private houfe twenty (hillings; and that each and every fuch manufacturer (hall pay according to his confumptioiu	Perfon*	di-

XIV.	And be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That verting the if any perfon or perfons (hall affix or infert any ferule or

branch into any of the water pipes or courfe fo^ conveying 0 61 1 water, or otherwife divert the faid water from the faid pipes ' or courfe, without the knowledge of the faid lord mayor, (heriffs, commons, and citizens, or their fuqceffors, their officers or workmen, all and every fuch perfon or perfons, and every perfon or perfons into or through whofe concerns or premiffes fuch water is conveyed, (hall forfeit the fum of ten pounds for every fuch offence, one moiety thereof for the ufe of the governors of the bluecoat hofpital in Oxmantown in the faid city of £)ublin to be applied by them to the ufe of the faid hofpital, the other moiety thereof to the ufe and bene^ fit of the informer, to be recovered before any of his Majefty'e Juftices of the peace for the county of Dublin, or county of the city of Dublin, where fuch offence (hall be committed, upon the

oath

Digitized by

Google

K» nuifcw

on or pear

Cu4 water.

ptnslty 10L Mr month tQ infotmer.

Lord mayor, Brc. to ipfoibt a valuator* fyr new h^ifct.

Valuator** previous oath.

\

The n'mctc:nth' and twentieth Turn of Gtorgt 111. oath of one or more*witnef$ or witnefles ; auid upon conviction to be levied on the goods and chatties of the offender or offenders by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch jail ice or juftices of the peace, who is and are hereby required to grant the fame-

XV.	And for the removing of any houfe of eafe, dn&g% bill, fewer, or other nuifance on or near the faid water courfe, fo that the water (hall or may he foiled or corrupted thereby, be it enafted by the authority aforefeid, that no houfe of eafe, dunghill, fewer, or other nuifance, he per- * mitted or fuffered to be, or continued on or near the laid water, or water courfe Or water courfcs, or any part thereof, from and after the pading of this aft : ana in c?fe any perfon qr perfons ffiall continue fuch houfe or houfespf eafe, dunghill prdijnghills, fewer or fewers, nuifcpce or puifances* upon Or neky Inch water, water courfe or water courfe*, or (hall hereafter'huild any new houfe of eafe, fewer, V>r nub fancc, or ma^e any dupghijl upon or near fuch w^ter, water court or water courfes, fo as that the watcr of fjich water courffc fhall or may be foiled, fouled, or corrupted; every perfon or perfons fo offending fhall forfeit for every mouth, fuch houfe or houfesof erfc, dunghill or dunghills, fewer or fewers, nuifance or nulfapcfs, fhall be or continue* the fust of ten pounds, to be recovered before any of his Majcfly's j offices of the peace for the county, wh£refu$h offend Stall be committed, upon the oath of one pr more witncfil oc wltneffes, and upon copviftion to he levied off the good* »d chatties of the offender or offenders by warrant under hand and feal of Aich juftic* or jufficea of the peace* who it

are hereby required tp grant the fame, and to be applied tq the ufeof the informer/	'	'l - .;

XVI.	And be it cnafted by tjie authority aforefrtd* That In cafe there fbppld be no valuation for gunifter’f p»o-ney or workhoufe money had or obtained for any houfe of premiffes within the limits afprefaid* that then* and in fuch cafe, and until a valuation can be had and obtained, that tho faid lord mayor, fheriffe, common?, and citifeM, and tbeir fucceffors, be and they are hereby igijttwered tQ appoint two perfons to value all new houfeat and the &fl Uird mayor, fhcriffs, commons, apd eitiaeWi and their faceffora, are hereby ipipowered to levy fuch money, at (h*U be fe ufccr** tajped by the faid two perfon* to be tht value of fi^hwfca, until fuch valuation is obtained*

xyil. provided always and be It fnafted by th€ flh thority afqrefaid, That before fuch perfons entef upnu or mage fuch valuation* they refpeftively before tte

wyop

*

V*

* TAf mineOmth and twentieth Teen of George 111,,

mayor for the lime facing lake anA fubfcribe the following oath :

I A* B. do (wear, that, I +nll according to the lejl of my knowledge, fkill^ and judgment, afeerta'm the value of the botfe ' occupied in too pofftfion if or owned by C. D. in the county of or county of the city if Dublin, and make true return thereof with ant favour, ill-will, or ffcSion, to any ferfon whatsoever.

So help me Cod\

A- D. 1779-80. Chap* 13.

XXVIIL And be it cnaded by the authority aforefaid, &cL®'dnJ^*Tar» That the lord mayor, (hedfis, commons, and citizens of the re^uiation/for city of Dublin, and their fucceffors, may be impowared to improvement of make and eftablifh fuch regulations tor the better improve-* laid works, 5tc. ment of the faid works, and to lay down and fix fiich mains, fcrvices, branches, cocks, plugs, foe cocks, and other necef* fory device and devices, upon fuch confou&iana as to them may feero expedient, from the place or refervatory called the city baton, or from any refervoir which may hereafter be made, and from the watec wheel or engiae at Ifland bridge, through the feveral roads, highways, ftreets, alleys, yards, courts, fquares, open areas, lanes, quays, and pailaaes ef the fiud city of Dublin, its liberties and fuburbs, and that they may be appointed conferva tors of the faid watec and water courfe from the laid bafon, and from the faid water wheel ay engine ; and that they may be authorized and im-powered to break op and dig the tod and ground of every fuch road, ftrect, alky, yard, court, fquair, open area, lane, quay, and paflage, for the puipofe aforefidd, to $ad through the fovcral places aforefaid^ with the lame powers, reftridi- with^Usr * oas, refervations, and penalties, and fobbed to the fame ap- pnvrsryaad • peal, as is dire&od and appointed by an ad of Parliament pailbd m tfais kingdom in tfo ftxtb year of the reign of his ate Majcftv King George the foft, entitled, Jn aJBt for chafing and repairing the water eontje leading from the river Dodeer to the city of Dublin, and to prevent diverting and cqp% rupttng the water therein*

XIX. And be it ena&ed fay the authority aforefaid.

That all the clauks of the afomfaid a&, pafltd in the fixth 6 0.1. c. t6, year of the reign of his (aid late Hajeky King George the lS aD<i16 firft, aad alt the ckufea of the aforefaid ail alfo parted uvthia fa^e at altered, kiagdam in the fifteenth and fifteenth years of his pre&nt Remain in force. Majcfiy King George the third, not hereby altered or varied, Audi be and rernaiu in force as fully, as if this had net been. made.

XX- Provided always. That nothing herein, contained Not to affc<3 (hall extend to charge or affe& any brewer or other peafaifc !>**"** pT °^hcr entitled to and pofl*rt*4 of the ufe of any part, of the	£££

ter

47*	The	nineteenth end twentieth Tears of George III.

A. D.	ter of the {aid river Dodeer by title not derived under the

1779-^0.	faid lord mayor, (heriffs, commons, and citizens, with the

Chap. 13. payment of the rent for any water or water courfe, to which they arc fo entitled, tnd whereof they are now in pof-feffion.

mt^plczd^c- XXI. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, ncral iiluc. That if any aftion or fuit (hall be commenced or replevin brought againft any perfon for any thing done by him under and in pursuance of this ad, the defendant or defendants, avowant or avQwants, or others making cognizance in fuch adion, fuit, or replevin, may plead the general iffiie, or avow, or make cognizance generally, that the plaintiff is indebted to the faid corporation of Dublin in a certain fum ©f money by virtue of this ad, and that the fame ftill remains due, and give this ad and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trials thereupon, and that the diflrefe or other matter or thing, for which fuch adion, fuit, or replevin (hall be fo brought, was taken or done in purfuance and by authority of this ad ; and if in fuch adion, fuit, or replevin the jury (hafl find for fuch defendant, avowant, or perfon making cognizance, or if the plaintiff (hall be nonfuhed or difeontinue, or if by default or upon any demurrer judgment (hall be given for fuch defendant or avowant, pr perfon making cognizance, in any of the cafes aforefaid fuch defendant, or avowant, or perfon making cognizance, (hall have double cods and fuch remedy for recovering the fame, as any defendant iruy have for cofts in any other cafe by law; and, if the plaintiff (hall have proceeded by way of replevin, (hall alfo have judgment for a return of the dHlrefs taken,

Lord* of the XXII. And whereas the earls of Meath, lords of the manor Gf the liberty of Thomas Court and Donore, have for water-cnvrfe many ages been feized and pofleffed of part of the faid water of the Dodeer, courfe of the faid river Dodeer, beginning at the place called the tongue of faid river, which divides faid water courfe between the liberty and the city of Dublin, and are annually at a very great expence in repairing the banks of faid river,

'	and	putting	in	pipes	for	the	convenience	of	the	inhabitants

of the faid liberty: and whereas the faid inhabitants have not of late been diffidently Supplied with water, occasioned by perfons damming up, (lopping the currency of the water, breaking down, deflroying the banks, ditches, fences, quarrying and raifing dunes near the banks, making flood gates, holes, cuts, arid putting in pipes, making fewers, and draw* ing off the faid water of the faid water courfe of faid river, and by privately and fecretly affixing to and inferring ferules or branches into the water courfe or main pipes orfaid li-, berty, and otherwife diverting faid water, and fuffer the fame to run tQ wade without the knowledge, privilege, or

licence

The nineteenth ami twentieth Tears of Georgfc 111. licence of the earl of Meath, his agents or officers appointed for taking care of faid water ; and whereas many perfons throw in, wafh, dip, fcour, beat, and deep, within the faid water courfe, linen, woollen, cloths, yarn, flax, tape, manufactures of linen, cotton, coloured with dye (luffs, (kins, garbage, and commit feveral other nuifances to corrupt and foul laid water, to the great hazard and danger of the lives, health, and fafety of the inhabitants : To prevent the fame be it enaded by the authority aforelaid, That from and after perfons who the twentieth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred without*** and eighty, if any perfon or perfons (hall dam, (lop up the lord Mcatfe’s currency of the water, break down, deftroy the banks, licence, forfeit ditches or fences, dig, quarry, or raife (lones near faid banks, ao#* make any flood gate, gap, hole, cut, put in any pipe in the banks, ditches or fences, or draw off the water of faid water courfe, or if any perfon or perfons (hall privately and fecret-ly affix to or infert any pipe, ferule, or branch into the faid water courfe, or into any of the main pipes of faid liberty for carrying water, or otherwife diverting faid water from it* courfe or main pipes, without the knowledge or licence rif the faid earl of Meath, his agent or officer appointed to take care of the faid water-courfe: and if any perfon or perfons (hall break down any wall, water gate, put up by Order of faid earl, his agent, fenefchal, or officer, for the better pre-ferving faid water from running to wade, or (hall throw in, wafh, dip, fcour, beat, or deep, in faid water courfe any linen, woollen, cloth, yam, flax, hemp, or any manufadures made of linen, woollen, cloths dyed with dye duff, (kins, garbage, or do any ad that may foul or corrupt the faid water, evexy perfon or perfons fo offending in any of the faid particulars (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of twenty (hillings, one moiety to be paid to the ufe of the bluecoat hofpital, and the other moiety to the informer, to be recovered before the fenefchal of the faid liberty, or before any of his Majefty’s judices of the peace for the county of Dublin or county of the city of Dublin,-where fuch offence (hall be committed, upon oath of one or more witnefs or	,

witneffes, and upon convidion to be levied on the goods jmd chatties of the offender or offenders by warrant under the hand and feal of faid fenefchal, or of fuch judice or juf-tices of the peace, who is and are hereby required to grant the fame.

XXIII.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, A publick That this ad (hall be deemed a publick ad, and judici-ally taken notice of as fuch in all courts by all judges, judices, and other perfons without fpecially plea dirig the fame.

XXIV. Provided

474

A. D.

1779-80.

Uniting 2 hojfcs, and having but I branch, liable to ao«. only.

One houfc converted into % dwelling*, each perioa to fay as if 2 or mote houfes.

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George III

XXIV.	Provided neverthelefs, That if any perfon wkhis the city of Dublin, who is not a&uaHy in publick bufineh, who has or (hall at any time hereafter for their conveaieaey unite two houfes into one, or (hall build one or more additions to any houfe, and (hall have hut one branch to convey water to fuch houfc fo converted, inch perfon (hall be liabk only to pay the fum of, twenty (hillings for {aid branch, any thing contained in this or the former ad to the contrary not? with (landing.

XXV.	And provided alfo, That if any perfon or petiesa is or arc now or hg*eafter (hall be in pofielfioa of om houfc, and that the fame is ot (hall, be converted into two or more houfes or dwellings, that then and in fuch cafe fuch perfon or perfons (hall each of them pay (ocb fan or fumy of money, as if the fame were two or more houfes.

CHAP. XIV.

*	$%G.	a.e.

7. made perpetual.

S-e. *S«

prohibiting killing game at ccrtaA feafoos continued to S4 June x8oo, kc.

i 3. c. 10. 3 O. 3. c 27.

5 0. 3 c. 15. f.

6,

An Ad for reviving, continuing, and amending fevered rary Statutes*

WHEREAS an ad made in the thirty third year of his late Majefty George the fecond, entitled. An ad for the more equal offering and bettor eolleduig' of fmb&dk money in counties of cities and counties of tctvru, in near expiring : Kc it enacted by the King’s moft excellent Majefty by and with the advice andconfent of the beds (pirittial and tern* poral and commons in this prefeat Parliament atiopbkd, and* by the authority of the fame. That the (aid ad be made perpetual,

IX* And whereas an ad palled in this kingdom in the third year of his prefect Majetly* For the better prefaroatiam of the game% fo tar as it relates to the killing of game, and expofing the fame to {ale at improper feafops of the year, is found to be ufeful and fit to be continued: be it ensded by the authority aforefeid, Thai all the clanles in the (aid ad contained, which prohibit the taking and killing of game at certain feafona of the year, and expohng the lame to falc» aad all the penalties and provifiona edative thereunto, which by the faid ad are made a provider* fcall he continued m force until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thouianil eight hundred, and to the end of the then neat feflkra of pasha-ment,

X.	And whereas an ad paffed ip the firft year of bis pro-fcut Majefly, entitled* /in ad to prevent the exctjfve price of coals in the city of Dublin, whicn ad was. continued and amended by an ad pafied in the third year of his laid Mayefty’s tcign, intitled, An ad to amend and continue an ad, intided,

A*

Digitized b;

b

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George III. aS to prevent the excejftveprice of coals in the city of Dub* fry e and whereas an aft paflted in the fifth y*»r of hi* prc. ’ 1779*“°-fent Majefty extending faid Recited a£t* with all proviluns a.nd amendments to the city of Cork, and enafting fuch other provifions and rrgu!*itions as were neceflhry to have the fame carried into effeft in the city of Cork ; and whereas fa Id afts have been found beneficial: be it enafted by the an-thority aforefaid, that all the faid recited afts, provifions, ^	g!^

and amendments (hall continue and be in force until the twen-ty-fourth day of June, one tboufand feven hundred and eighty -feven, and to the end of the then next feflion of parliament*	•	a

%I. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, } c?9.Dcouti-Tbat an aft made in this kingdom in the feventeenth and nUed % year* eighteenth years of the reign of nis prefent Majefty, intfcled, from eft Aug. u4n aff to authorize for a united time the pumjhment by hard *9*0. labour of offender*! who for certain crimes are or /halt become liable to he trarffhorted to any of his Majefly9* colonies and plan-teutons! which (aid aft is made to continue in force for two years, and to the end of the then feffion, or if the term of two years (hould not determine during any feffion of parliament, then to the end of the then next enfuing femon of parliament, be continued for two years from the firft of Au* guftj one thoufand feven hnndred and eighty, and to the oh) the then next feffion of parliament,

c n a p, xv,

A. D,



jtn AB far continuing faeral temporary Statutes, and for amending an AB faffed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Tears of the Reign of bis prefent Majejlff, for the better paving, cteanf-ing, lighting, altering, ana improving Sackviffeftreet and m arlborougb-Jireet in the City Dublin, and the L<anes and Avenues leading unto the fame refaBivefo / and for enabling the Corporations for badgtng the Poor within the County qf War tesforj and the County of the City of Waterford, to unite and become one Corporation j and auo for ejiabfffhing a Body Corporate within the Tqwn and Parijh of Lifburn in the County of Antrim for the better Support and Government <f the P<pr within the faid 7Vw opa Parijh•

IV.TIT JiERE	by an aft paffed in this kingdom in ” and x%

VV the eleventh and twelfth years of his Majefly’s G' c* 1 reign, entitled, An aB Jar the better paving, Aeanfing, lighting, altering, and improving the new ftreet, called SackyiUc-ftrect, and the Mali ip the city of I)uhhn, and the lanes and avenues leading tpta the fane, as atfo the facet called Marlborough-ftreet, running parallel thereto on the enffjije, with the lanes and qvenm leading iatq the fane, certain cominif&QOera therein

* named

t

Digitized by

Google

The nineteenth end twentieth Tears of George 111. named are appointed for the pnrpofe of paving, cleaning, lighting, draining, and improving the faid fixeeU, and certain powers are veiled in them for the purpofesaforcfaid: And whereas it was not meant or intended by the (aid ad to discharge any body politick or corporate from cleanfing the faid ftreets, and the lanes and avenues leading into the lame fpeftively, who by any tenure or otherwife by law were bound, obliged, or liable to cleanfe the lame, or either or any of them, or to difpeufe with their fo doing: but yet neverthekfs the commiffioners, appointed by the faid recited ad, hart fmcc tjie making thereof cleanied the (ame to the no {inail ex pence and trouble cf the inhabitants of the faidfcvenl Sheets, lanes, and avenues : be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid, that all and every body and bodies politick corporate bo- anc* corporate,, who before the making of the faid ad vai dies liable to or were bound, obliged, or liable to cleanfe the laid ftreets, cleanfe faid lanes, and avenues, or any or either of them, fhall from and foe faid ad"	a^tcr l^e Pa®ng this aft be and continue bound, obliged, and

££ u * *	liable to cleanfe the fame in like manner as before the mak-

ing of the faid recited aft, any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithdandin^; and that the commiffioners, appointed by or under the faid recited aft from time to tune, /hall and may call upon and require fuch body and bodies politick or corporate to cleanfe the lame from time to time, and at all times hereafter; and in cafe of ncgleft or refufal after forty eight hours notice thereof may caufe the fame to be cleanfed; and in cafe of fo doing fhall and may require and call upon fuch body and bodies politick and corporate to reimbiirfc and pay to them, or to their treaforer at receiver for the time being, all fuch cofts and expcace si they jnay or fhall be put to by realbn thereof; and all and fiogohr lands, tenements, tolls,.tythes, or other pofieffions, incomes, profits, and emoluments held, enjoyed, and received by foch body or bodies politick or corporate, by the tenure whereof fuch body or bodies is or are liable, fhall be charged and chargeable with all fuch cofls and expences, which fnall tad may be levied^recovered, and raifed by and out of the revenue, profits, and produce of the fame, by either of the fburcourtj of law or equity in this kingdom, upon complaint to the judge or judges thereof refpeftively, who are impowered to hear and determine the fame upon motion or petitioi • *	in a fummary way, and by order, rule, or decree to en-

force fuch judgment or determination therein as fhall be juft.

i! and 12 O	And whereas bv an aft palled in the eleventh and

3. c 30	twelfth years of his prelent Majefty’s, reign, intitled, As eB

for badging fuch poor at fhall be found unable to Juffort them• /elves by labour, and otherwife providing for them% andJbr rt-JIraining fuch at fhall be fauna able to fupport tbmfdves hy fakir

the corpora-

*The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George III. hour and tnduflry from begging, corporations arc created lit every county at large, and every county of a city or town in this kingdom, who are thereby empowered to execute the powers and trufls therein particularly expreffed: and whereas K would vrender the execution of (aid act in the county of Waterford and county of the city of Waterford more eafy and compieat, if the corporations inftituted by faid aft in (aid county and county of faid city were impowered to unite and become one body corporate: be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid, that from and after the firft day of tion* Cot county September, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and eigh- city of ty, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid refpeftive J^f^and'bc-corporations laft mentioned to unite and become one aggre- coincone. gate corporation on fuch terms and conditions, as they mall agree, and that they (hall have full power conjunftively to do, execute, and perform within faid county at large, or within faid county of faid city aforefaid, all arid every fuch aft or afts, as eadi of them are now feverally empowered to do, execute, and perform within their refpeftive county or county of faid city under ,*he faid recited aft aforefaid.

VL Provided always, That nothing herein contained (hall Joftices for be conftrucd, deemed, or taken to enable or impower the juf-	fuch^

tices of the peace for faid county at large to aft as fuch with- for the city or in faid county of faid city, or the liberties thereof, any thing liberties.

Herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wile notwilhilanding,

VII.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, Preferment That the grand juries of faid county at large, and the coun-	v£d

ty of faid city, at their refpeftive fpring affixes to be J, held in the faid county and county of the faid city refpec-thrdy be empowered and required to prefent fuch fum or (urns to be levied in the manner as in the faid aft mentioned ; and alfo that they be further empowered to hand over fuch portion of the money collefted under any fuch future prefentment or preferments to the (aid united corporation, pr their treafurer, to be applied to the ufes of the faid cor-	'

poration.

. VIII. And whereas the faid aft pafled in the eleventh and n and 12 G. twelfth years of his prefent Majefty’s reign, entitled. An aSt j. c. 30. extend-for the budging fuch poor as Jhall be found unable to fupport *nfc °*dy to tbmfdves hy.labour, and otberwife providing for them, and for coUntfe* of refraining fuch as Jhall be found able to fupport themfelves by cities and labour and indtt/lry from beggings extends only to the creating towns, of corporations for the purpofes of the faid aft within counties at large, or in counties of cities, or counties of towns in this kingdom : and whereas the town of Lifbum in the county of Antrim is a populous town, and the faid town

5	and

Digitized by

Google

a body corporate cttablifted for Liil'Hrn* for charitable purpose*, may make 5y« )m and other oec*fc-Cary regulations as herein mentioned.

Tbt nuaUentb and totntietb Year* of George Ilf. and pariih thereof contain as many inhabitants as fowl d the dues or counties of towns in this kingdom, btrt not being a county within itfolf, caftnot have the benefit of the hid law in as ample and full a manner, as is found neceftry: and whereas the inhabitants of the faid town and parifr of LUbura have by voluntary fobJcriptions and contributiow railed a him of money for the fupport of the poor within the {aid town and pariih x and whereas the {aid inhabitants aze defirous, that a body corporate fbould be {brined, and to tontiiMie £61 ever, for the better carrying into execution (w-der proper regulations) the charitable and humane defigaof maintaining the poor of {aid town and pariih : be it eoa&ed by the authority afordaid. That from and after the firft day of September, one thoufond (even hundred and eighty, the right honourable earl of Hertford, the right reverend lord b&op of Down and Connor, the feaefchal of the {kid town of Lftam, ad his fucceJIbrs, the reprefentatives ia Parliament for the find ton, and the re&ofr, curate, and church-wardens of the foidpvih, and the mhuftrr of the congregation of protefiznt dfflfoten in the faid town of Lilbum, aX for the time being, asd Edward Obre, William Watts Gayer, John Hunter, and W3t» am Rogers, e(q u*res, and fudi other perfbos as (hall contribute to fuck charity as hereafter mentioned, (had for era hereafter be in name sad fad one body corporate ia her for the charitdbic purpo&t afo refold, and {ball hate perpctusHso ceffron, and be called and dtftfogusftied by the maw of tbc prefident and afliftants of the Lifburn Charitable Society, Uri that the fonefohal of the fold town for the time befog, Hall be and continue prefident during bis fenefehohhip ‘ aadthsttfo faid prefident and his afliftaat* /ball be enabled topleai and fan and to be impleaded aid fusd, by that nvaein aft his I4apfty*» courts of j office, and fiwJI and may appoint a comm M or foals for the ufe of the fold corporation, and fhdtkvr power and authority to meet together as often as thoefid! he occafiou; and she faid prdkknt and hiaaflxftaflts, and tber fuccdfers, or any five or more of them, befog £» ■ftaftiri, {hall bam power So make Sack reafbnable laws, rates, offtn, and regulations, for the better government of the poWafo poor houfo; as they (hall think necefifoy and conwaiat, and to revoke and alter the foam at dwvdiforfotoa; and tbt it (hall and may be lawful for the faid prefident and dfifoau to make fuch and the like bye laws and lagutattoosj aadts tf-treifo fitch and the like powers with ifopcct tatbepooraad iB uflcaod fturdy beggars wtthto the fold town and ptrifc of Ur bum, as the corporation created by vutaeof the find reeked aft within counties at large, and counties of aides, ties of towns are enabled to do.

IX. And

Digitized by



The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George III.

IX.	And he it further eno&ed by the authority aforefaid.

That every perfon, who (hall fubferibe and pay the fum of three guineas to the faid prefident and aififtants of the Lifbura charitable fociety for the fuppoit and maintenance of the poor of the (aid town, (hall from thenceforth be and continue for t he fpace of one entire year a member thereof to all intents and purpofes, as fully and effe&ually as any of the perfons , herein before named.

X.	And be it further cna&ed by the authority aforefaid, Present to

That the (aid corporation (hall for the firft time hold a meet-	mcct*

ing on the fecond day of O&ober next, at the market houle IDg’

of the faid town of Lifburn; and that it (hall and may be lawful for them afterwards to meet at and adjourn to fuch times and places within the (aid town and pariih, as the prefi-dent (hall from time to time think fit to appoint by reafona-bk fummoss, and to adjourn fuch meeting from time to time as the members then prefent, or the greater part thereof* (hall fee occafion ; and in cafe the prefident (hall not attend, that they (hall and may have power to appoint foch other member of their corporation to prefide and ad in his place and ftcad at fuch meeting, as they may judge proper.

CHAP. XVIII.

An Aa to empower Grand Juries to contrail, for beeping the publick Roads in Repair.

WHEREAS it will tend to leSen the expense of keep.

ing publick roads in repair* if the grand juries of the refpedive counties (hall be empowered to agree or con-trad with proper perfons to keep the roads, for which pre-fentments have been granted, in conftant repair : be it en-a&ed by the King’s moil excellent Majedy by and with the adyice and confent of the lords fpirituai and temporal and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authoatyof the fame, that from and after the firft day of Auguft one thoufand (even hundred and eighty, the grand Grand juries, juries of thcfeveral counties* counties of cities, and counties except for An-of towns, except the county of Antrim, at each affixes for trim, may con-their refpedive counties (hall hare full power and authority	for keying

to enter into any contract or agreement with any perfon or p^ruofpa2ick perfons for keeping any part or proportion of the publick road*, *c. roads of their relpedive counties, that hare been heretofore made or repaired by presentment, or (hall hereafter be made or repaired by prelentment, in fufficient order and repair for any fpace of time not exceeding feVen years; which con-trad or agreement (hall be (igned by the parties, with whom the grand juries of (aid counties (hall make the fame, and (hsltbe delivered over to the clerk of the crown, to be by

him

Suhfcribing 3

Digitized by m^le

4$o

A.

D.

1779-80. Chap. 18.

Not paid till affidavit of being in fufficient repair.

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George III. him kept with the records of the faid counties ; and that the grand juries of faid counties (hall have full power and authority to prefent any fum of money to be levied and raifed off the inhabitants of the refpedive baronies or half baronies in faid counties, and of the refpe&ive counties of cities and counties of towns, to be paid to the perfon or per-fons with whom they (hall make fuch contrad or agreement ; provided the fame (hall not exceed the fum of three pence by the year for each perch, plantation meafure, of road fo to be kept in repair, and fo for a greater or lefs proportion of road.

II. Provided always, that no part of the money fo pre-fented (hall be paid by the treafurer of faid county, unt3 fuch contra&or or contra&ors (hall make affidavit before the judge of affize, that fuch proportion of road is at that time in fufficient order and repair, until fuch affidavit (hall bed-lowed and paffed by the then grand jury and judge of affize.

17 and 18 G. HI* And whereas by an ad paffed in the feventeenth and 5. c. aa. f. 8. eighteenth years of his prefent Majefty's reign, in titled, grand juries for An a3 to explain and amend an a3 paffed in the thirteenth and wntradTo? fourteenth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intitled, An repair of roads fa amen^g publick roads, the grand juries of the county as herein pre- of Antrim are empowered to prefent any fum, not exceeding feribed.	two pence halfpenny by the perch of road, for the keeping

in repair of which a contrad or agreement had been entered into : And whereas the faid fum has been found infufficient: therefore be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, that from and after the firft day of Auguft one thoufand feven hundred and eighty it (hall and may be lawful for the grand juries of faid county of Antrim, at their refpedive affixes, if they (hall judge it fit and proper, and not other-wife, to enter into any contrad or agreement with any perfon or perfons for keeping any part or proportion of the publick roads in faid county in repair, in the manner preferibed by this ad, provided the fame (hall not exceed the fum of nine pence by the year for each perch plantation meafure of road fo to be kept in repair, and fo for 0 greater or leffer proportion of road.

Not to extend	Proved	always,	that nothing herein contained (hall

to Dublin coun-extend to the county or the county of the city of Dub* tyoxcitjr. lin.

C H A P.

Digitized by v^ooQle

- tl

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George flK	481

A, D;

CHAP. XIX.	'	^779-80^

Ain A3 to prevent Combinations, and for the further Encouragement of Trade.

IN order to fecu're to every man the full 'enjoyment of Combinati-that property he lias in his own labour, to find employ- ons amoDgmaf-tnent for th&induftrioUs, and bread for the poor, and to ex- tcrs or |?ur“cI" tend throughout this ancient kingdom all the benefits of nu,fances and free trade, be it eiia&ed and declared by the King’s moft ought to be excellent Majefty by and with the advice and confent of the fapprefied. Lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, that all and every fort of combinations in trade as well among mafter manufacturers as amoog journeymen are pub-lick nuifances, and ought to be fuppreffed ; and that it is the duty of all (heriffs, mayors, juftices of the peace, confta-bles, and other civil magi Urates and officers, to oppofe and: profecute to conviction and punifhment all perfons, who (hall henceforth be concerned in the fame.

II. Arid be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, that AChevidence the following aCts (hall be confidered as evidences of unlaw-of unlawful ful combination, and fufficient for the conviction of any perfon, who (hall be guilty of the fame, viz. the becoming Convi£C ' or henceforth contifiuing to be of any chib, committee, or being of clubs, other aflembly or fociety, for regulating the concerns, of &c for regu* trade, or any other matter relative to the fame, other than as fuch clubs, committees, aflemblies, or focieties are agree- a8 herein men-* able to law; the levying, or affifting in levying, demanding tioned. or collecting any money or contributions from any mafter, employer, undertaker, journeyman, or other perfon by authority of or for the fupport of any filch club, committee, aflembly, aflociation, or combination, or for fuppoiting any regulation made or to be made by any fuch fociety or combination, or as a fine or penalty impofed by the fame, or the feizing or taking away any implement of work ot\ other pledge, diftrefsor fecurity, for fuch contribution, afle Ament* or fine ; or the compelling or attempting to compel the payment thereof by force; threat, menace, or by any punifti-ment, or by refufing to work with, or^ufFer to work, any ^ perfon refufing to pay fuch contribution or fine, or with any mafter employing fuch perfon ^ tke reftraining or attempting to reftrairt by any means any perfdn from taking any apprentice or. number of apprentices, he may judge convenient 10 employ, or the refufing to work with fuch perfon or thofc employing him on that account; the preventing or attempt* ing to prevent any native of any part of this kingdom, or any foreigner, or any woman from exercifing any trade,

Vol. VI.	H h	or

_ Digitized

:ize _y Gc

♦ *

M

4S2

A. D.

1779-80. Chap. 19.

t*

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George III. or working at any branch of bufinefs, other than as they arc reft rained from fo doing by the law of the land, or the particular charter Jaw of any corporation, fuch prevention alfo to be made in a legal method only, and according to the known procefs of the civil power, and by perfons qualified b) law to make the fame : the unlawful preventing or attempting to'prevent the introduction or ufe of any machinery, or new inftrument or implement of trade, or any new method of carry ing on any work, fo that any man may be obftructed from the full exercife and benefit of his ingenuity or fit ill, or of the ingenuity or contrivance of others; the wilfully and malicioufly deflroying or injuring, or attempting to dellroy or injure, the manufa&ures, implements, materials, or flock in trade of any manufacturer, merchant, (hop keeper, orwarchoufe keeper, or other perfon employed in trade, or the unlawful preventing or attempting to prevent fuch perfon from freely carrying any of the laid articles to or From any market, or to or from any place whatoever; the making bye laws or orders pretending to regulate trade, or the price of goods, or the price 01 labour, or of wages, or for advancing the price of wages, or for leflening the ufual hours of work; the entering into, continuing in, aCting under, making, fign-ing, fealing, or being knowingly concerned in any contract, covenant, or agreement, bye law, ordinance, rule or order of any club, fociety, or combination by law declared to be illegal, null, or void ; the departure of any undertaker, journeyman, or apprentice from his fervice before the end of the time or term, of which he is or fhall be hired or retained, or the quitting his work for the fpace of three days, or returning his faid work before the fame (hall be completely finifhed, without the confent of the perfon by whom be (haft be employed or retained, unlefs for fome*reafonable and fcf* ficient caufc; the fummoning, giving notice of, or other-wife inviting, or caufing to be fummoned or invited, any artificer, manufacturer, journeyman, apprentice, labourer, or other perfon ufually employed in any branch of any trade, manufacture, or bufinefs, to appear at any meeting in order to enter into or confult on any combination, rule, agreement, or affociatton, to afeertain or fix the price of labour or workmanfhip, or*o make any rule, order, or regubtwa in any wife refpeCting any trade, manufacture, or bofznds, or the perfons employed or J?f employed therein ; the ad-miniilering or caufing to be affeiniftered any oath or deda* ration to any fuch manufacturer, 'artificer, journeyman, apprentice, or labourer, or other perfon, tending to fix the price of wages or labour, or workmanfhip, or tending to fix upoa or make any rule, order, agreement, or regulation, refped-ing any trade, manufacture, or bufinefs, or the per&as

employed

Digitized by

)ogle

The nineteenth and twentieth Yeans of Geo employed or to be employed therein, the iftuingVfr-jJlJfcng to be i(Tiled, delivering or caufing to be delivered, any ticket, certificate, or token (other than and except fuch ticket fir-cc-tificate as (hall or may be delivered by the order of the corporation, whereof fuchperfon is a member) of his being liccn ed to work at his or their refpc&ive trade or trades, the making or joining in making any unlawful rule, order, or agreement, or regulation, relating to the prices or wages of labour or workmanfhip, or in any particular relating to any trade, manufacture, or buiinefb ; or the delivering or caufing to be delivered to any perfon whatfoever any ticket, token, printed advertisement, or writing, containing any rules, regulations, or agreements, or rule, regulation, or agreement, entered into or to be entered into by any artificer, journeyman, or labourer, touching or concerning any trade, manufacture, or bufinefs, or any table or general regulation of price; orth* making or aflifting in making or in carrying into execution any fuch table or general regulation; the hindering or attempting to hinder by force, menaces, or otherwife, any manufa&urer or labourer from working at his or their refpedtive trade at fuch prices as fhall be ascertained by law, or as he or they fhall agree for with their refpedtive employers or mailers, or at fuch particular work as fuch employers or maflers fhall direct in their refpe&ive trades or callings; the corrupting or endeavouring to corrupt, or by threats or other means influencing or endeavouring to influence, apprentices to negle<51 their work, or to leave their mailers, and the deterring or endeavouring to deter perfons from binding any young perfons under their care apprentices to any branch of bufinefs ; the deterring or endeavouring to deter journeymen or others to go in the place of any others who may have turned cut or left their work, or on any other account from entering into any other manufa&urcr or undertaker’s employment; the obflrudling any apprentice from learning his trade, or from working with the journeyman or journeymen employed by the mailer of fuch apprentice; the unlawfully affembling in any number exceeding feven perfons for any purpofe of combination, or carrying any fuch into execution, or making or enforcing any regulation relative to the fame.

III. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That from henceforth it fhall and may be lawful for every manufa&urer, as well journeyman as mailer, to take as many apprentices male or female^as he may think fit in any trade within this kingdom, whether fuch maflcr or apprentice be proteftant or papifl, any flatute, ufage, cuftom, charter, bye law, order, or regulation to the contrary not-witkfta^ding.

H h 2	IV. And

*4

Journeyman or Maflcr may take a<( many apprentices, as thought fit.



Digitized by

•Google

r

48+

A, D.

1779 So. Chap. 19.

Regulations aid oaths, void.

31 C. 2. C. 10. 1 ij. recited.

^kfrnded by

2. c- 5

M* .

to erte^c the provisions then'in further and to other li*anulavhur-5,

&c as herein.

7j*e rrfnjrmtb tnuL twentieth 7~ears of George III. ilPrAmlit is hereby ena&ed and declared by the airtho-rltvr afnfefaid, that henceforth all rule#, bye Jaws, and regu-larono. contrary to tbdc.prowtions, and all oaths for obeying of Carrying into execution the fame, fhall be ccohdertd aa and void.

V V. And v hcrc?s by an act pafTed In the thirty firft rear ef the reign of King George the fecond ft is among# other things ena&ed, that if any perfon or perfons fhall by day or by i:i;.ht break into any houfe or fhop with intent to cat or ticlVoy any fuiHan, cotton, woollen, mohair, or (ilk goods in the loom, or any topis employed in the milking thereof, or Call wilfully or malicioufly cut or deflroy any fuftiaa, cotton, woollen, mohair, or filk goods in the loom, or os the rack on which any of the aforefaid goods are iranged ia order to dry, and (hall wilfully and malicioufly break or de-fln y any tools ufed in making goods, not having the confirm of the owner fo to do, every fuch offender beingthere-c! lawfully convivial fhall be adjudged guilty of felony, and f all iiiffer death as in cafes of felony without benefit of ciugy ; ihe provifions of which a& by another adt palled ia the thirty third year of his (aidMajtily’s reign are vxiendedto pt: foil? Vucvking or entering by force into any houie or fhop with intent to cut or dtffrov any linen, hempen, or cotton yarn, or any linen or hempen cloth, or any manufa&ore mace cf or r.^xed wi>h linen or hempen yarn, or any tools er.'iplj'.c J in the making \hereof, or any bay or woollen yam, or iif»y m. nufaCture v 1 rrcin any bay or woollen yarn (hall be Vi ought op, or any tools employed in the making . : or who lhal! v* il fully. or m?.liciouny cut or de-a .y liiu*n or hempen, cotton or woollen manufacture, rr acy irvinufuflurc made or mixed with linen* hempen, tv U.m, or woollen yarn, or fhall wilfully and malic. u.ilv break and ch I hoy any tools ufed in the making t.f tIre frme, not having the confent of the owner id to dc : And whereas it is expedient to extend the provisions uf the f?.?d a£t fl ill further, and toother manufactures: be it tua&ed by the arihority afoiefaid, that from henceforth, if any perfon ih illby day or by night break into any houfe or fhop, or enter ’ey force.into any hourc cr fhop, with intent to cut ordeftroy any manufa&nre of iron, leather, or other mannfa&urc made within this kingdom for ptibb*k falc, cr any tcols employed lb the making thereof or fhxll wilfully and mahViottiiy cur or deflroy any of the faid manufactures, or Ihall wilfully and malicioufly break or deftroy any tools ufed in the making of the fame, or IbaU fo bre?.k «k dell ivy any mill, engine, or device foT the making or perfecting or to be employed in any manufacture, or (hall aid, aflilf, or abet any perfon concerned therein^ or, fh>U fo break, injure, or deitroy any fuch manufacture* an any

3	highway

tired Cl the:e.>;

ft

>

4

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George III.	4R5

highway or road (or at any publick Jiotife or iun) where	A, D.

the fame may be carried towards the city of Dublin, or the	1779-80.

port thereof, or any other port or place for confumption, or Chap. i<J. for exportation, not having the confent of the owner fo to v—

•do, or (hall wilfully and malicioufly maim or wound any perfon concerned in carrying on any manufacture on account of his working at or being concerned in the fame, or any perfon concerned in ufing, carrying, or protecting any of the faid manufactures, or any fuch mill, engine, or device, or (hall in eonfequence of any combination, or the breach of any order, rule, or regulation of the fame, horfe, colt, carty in proceflion, wound, or maim, or endanger the life of any journeyman, apprentice, or other perfon employed ift any manufacture, every fuch offender, being thereof lawfully •convicted fhall fuffer death as in cafes of felony without benefit of clergy.

VI.	And whereas by an a£t made in the fifteenth and fix- 15 and 16 G. teenth years of his prefent Majefty’3 reign it is recited, that ^ *^f; ’• feveral perfons had frequently in a riotous, diforderly, and tumultuous manner aflembled, and taken upon themfelves to on the county, obftruCfc the exportation of corn, grain, meal, malt, and for ohftruding flour, and have deflroyed mills, granaries, and ftorehoufes ; therefore it is ena&ed thereby, that fatisfa&ion and amends fhall be made to every perfon for every fuch injury and damage, to be recovered from the county where fuch offence fhall have been committed, which aCt has been found to have the defired effeft : and whereas it has frequently happened of late years, that feveral perfons as well by night as in the day *ime have in a riotous, diforderly, and tumultuous manner afTembled themfelves, and have taken on themfelves to ok, ftruCt the erefting or making, or working of gigg mills, fwivel looms, and other machines, engines, and devices for the cheaper, more expeditious, and better finifhing of manufactures, whereby the poor manufacturers of this kingdom (difabled from working on the fame terms with their rivals in other countries) are difqualified from reaping the benefits •of a free trade in foreign markets ; and fuch perfons have al-fo taken on themfelves to deftroy or damage fuch gigg mills, fwivel looms, and other machines, engines, and devioes, .as alfo the goods or manufactures made in the fame, and the materials collected for working therein, and have alfo at other times prefumed to deftroy woollen cloths and blankets, beef and pork barrels, and other .goods of a like nature, when brought’ or bringing into the city of Dublin, on ac- • count that the fame had not been made in the city of Dublin or the fuburbs thereof, and have alfo deftroyed yam, and other productions of this country for exportation or con-fumption, or to he wrought Up^or made ufe of in fome jq^her manufacture: In order to prevent for the future fuch

outrages



0

f

examined in eourt in grand juiy*a prefence on party's oath,

if pi rana

roved.

The nineteenth and twentieth Yean of George III. outrages and offences, and to intereft all orders of men rn the prefervation of the publick peace, and the prote&ion of private property, be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, that fatisfa&ion and amends may be made in manner hereia after mentioned to all and every perfon, his, her, or their executors or adminillrators, for all and every injury aod damage, which (hall be dqne or committed again (I his, her, or their perfon or perfons, habitations, poffemons, pi operty, goods, or chatties, by any offender or offenders againft this aft, or in any of the particulars herein before mentioned; and that any perfon or perfons, his, her, or their executors or admipiftrators, who (hall fuftain any injury, lofs, or damage by any of the offences herein before mentioned, may fue for and recover fatisfadlion and amends for the injury, lols, or damage, incurred or fuffered as aforefaid, at the aiext affixes to be held for the county where fuch offence wu committed, or if in the county of Dublin at the next presenting term, or if in the city of Dublin at the next quarter feffions for the faid city, by exhibiting to the judge or judges of affize, or to the court of king’s bench for the faid county of Dublin, or to the recorder of the city of Dublin if at fuch quarter feffions, his, her, or their petition praying fuch fatisfa&ion and amends for the injur)*, lofs, or damage fuff ained as aforefaid, and therein fetting forth particularly the injury or damage done to his, her, or their perfon, habitation, property, goods, or chatties, and the particular value thereof, by what number of perfons, he, (he, or they believe, fuch injury or damage was done or committed, with the names or deferiptions of fuch of faid offenders as he, (he, or they (hall know, and fuch particular de-feription of fuch others of them as he, (he, or they can give; and the matter . reupon (hall be examined by fuch judge or judges of affize, or court of king’s bench, or recorder, in open court in the prcfence of , the grand jury iinpannellcd and fworn at fuch affixes or prefenting term or feffions, on the oath of the party af-faulted or injured as aforefaid, and fuch other evidence as can be produced touching the faid offences according to the nature thereof; and if on confideration of the

prefent onthe^ mattcr judge or judges of affize (hall be of opinion,

county.

that the perfon or perfons preferring fuch petition hath or have fully proved the feveral matters aforefaid, and the value of the injury or damage fuRained as aforefaid, fo as to intitle him, her, or them to fatlsfa&ion and amends, the (aid grand jury (hall thereupon and they are hereby required purfuant to the dire&ions of fuch judge or judges as afor^ faid, to prefent fuch fum or fums of money, as the perfon •r perfons fo affaulted or injured in his, her,, or their perfon, 4	habitation



Digitized by Googfc



*

The nineteenth and twentieth Yean of George III. habitation, pofleflion, property, goods, or chatties, ought ^A.	P>.

in their opinion to have and receive for the lofs, injury or 1779-80. r damage by him, her, or them fuftained as aforefaid, to be Chap. 19. • railed either on the county, county of a city, or town, ba- '*^**~V~****J rony, town or towns, parifh or parifhes, in or near which fuch offence (hall have been committed, and in fuch propor- #	/

tions as they (hall think fit; which fuips fo prefented as aforefaid (hall be applotted, levied, and raifed by fuch ways and means, and in fuch manner and form, as other publick money prefented at the faid ailizes, or prefenting term, or fefhons, (hall be applotted, levied, and raifed within fuch county or city purfuant to the laws now in force.

VII.	Provided that if any perfoft or perfon9 (hall find Traverfe, if himfclf, herfelf, or themfelves aggrieved by any pyefentment P£e^*u,”ent to be made in purfuanee of this aft, fuch perfon or perfons, a °vc 5 *

in cafe the fum fo prefented do exceed the fum of five pounds,

(hall or may at the faid aflizes, or prefenting term, or fef-fions, traverfe the fame 5 which traverfe (hall be tried at the fame or the next enfuing aflizes, prefenting term, or feflions, as the judge or judges, who (hall allow the fame, (hall think fit; and if on fuch traverfe the ifTue (hall be found for the traverfer, fuch preferment (hall be difeharged* otherwife the fame (hall be final and conclufive to all perfons.

VIII.	Provided always, that every perfon or perfons ap- Notice 014? plying for fuch prefentment (hall by himfelf, herfelf, or j?ou?} or- rca* themfelves, or by fome perfon or perfons for or on his, her, e Umc or their behalf, /within forty eight hours after fuch injury or

damage done or committed as aforefaid, or within a reafon* able time after he, (he, or they fhall be at liberty, give notice thereof unto fome of the inhabitants, or fome town or village, or ftreet, near unto the place where fuch faft (hall be committed, and (hall within fix days after fuch faft committed give notice to the high conftable of the barony, and to the church wardens of the parifh, where fuch faft (half be alledged to be committed ^if fuch high conftable and church wardens fhall refpeftively refide within fuch barony and parifh) who are hereby required forthwith to publifh the fame in fuch barony or parifh where the fame fhall be fo alledged to have been committed; and that ajfo wdthin fix days after fuch notices, fo givei^ 38 aforefaid, cither the perfon or perfons fo injured (hall give his, her, or their examination upon oath, or that examination upon oath fhall be given by his, her, or their fervant or fervants, or family, or other perfon or perfons employed by them, who were in liis, her, or their houfe, or who had the care of his, her, or their habitation, poflefllon, property, goods, or chatties,	.

before fome juftice of the peace inhabiting within the faid County or city, gwherc fuch faft fhall have been committed,

-	5	ttr*

' \

Digitized by

Goo< *

The nineteenth and twentieth Yeart of George III.

6r, if the fame (hall be committed in any city, county of i city, or town corporate, before the chief magi ft rate or force i alderman, or juflice of the peace of the fame, thereby fpe- I cifying whether he or (he do know the perfon or perform | who committed faid fad, or any of them, ard if upon farh examination it (hatt be confeffed, that he, (he or they do known * the perfon or perfons, who committed faid fad or any of them, then he, (he, or they (hail be hound by recognizance to profecute fuch offender or offenders, by io-diriment or otherwife according to the laws of this kingdom.

IX.	Provided alfo, that every presentment, hereafter to fcntn\eui next be made by virtue of this ad, fhaU be made at the nat af-alTizcs, •*<:. fizes, or prefenting term, or fefllons after the fad commit-unlcfs f6 nc« ted, anc^ ^all be read *n °Pcn court* an<I fbaN *not he m*k Uiat due no-	at any other affixes, or prefenting term, or kfhon, unltii

tice cannu. :»c fuch fad (hall he committed fo near the time of holding fuch before jftday, afiizes or presenting term or (efiions, that due notice cannot &c*	be given before the firft day of fuch afiizes, or prefent-

ing term, or feflions, according to the diredion of this ad; in which cafe it (hall and may be lawful for the perfon or perfons, who (hall have fuftained fuch injury or damage, to prefer his, her, or their petition, and to obtain fuch prefentment at the next enfuing afli/es, or prefenting term, or fcfiions, after fuch due notice (hall be givtji as afoit-faid,

Prefentment X. Provided alfo, that no fuch prefentment (hall at any dekye^°Lvcby t,me removed, or the profecution thereon otherwife dc-traverfe. * layed, than by fuch traverfe as aforefaid, and that for fuch time only as (hall be necefljiry for the trial of fuch traverfe ; nor (hall any fuch prefentment be at any time quafhtd for any informality, imperfedion, or defed in form what-foever.

Undertaken XI. Provided alfo, that undertakers (hall be ccridcrcd a w mafterg. matters in every part of this ad, fo far as refpeds the journeymen employed by them.

Magiftratet XII. And be it enaded and declared by the authority to attend and	aforefaid to be the duty and office of all chief magiftratfs

exammc» *c-	and juftices of the peace diligently to attend to the execu-

tion of this ad, and to examine, whether the perfons car* tying on trade have conformed in all particulars there-unto,

XIII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, that wherever there (hall be found any particular ad of unlawful combination either of matters or journeymen, for magistrate may which ho fpecifick punifhment is pointed out by this or ausmDct &c* ahy other ad, it (hall and may be lawful for any chief hw-giftrate or juftice of the peace within their refpedirc juril-didions in a fummary manner to examine ixffo and determine

tha

Where nd

punifhment pointed out.

tverv nre-

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George 111.	489

the fame, and to fine every penon who (hall be fo convi&ed	A. D.

by the teftimony upon oath of one or more credible wit-	1779-80.

nefs or witneffes or by the confeffion of perfons charged	Chap. 19.

with fuch offences, if a mafter, in any fum not exceeding five pounds, and if a journeyman or other inferior artificer in any fum not exceeding forty (hillings, one moiety thercr of to be paid to the informer, and the other to the poor of the parifti in which fuch offence (hall have been committed 5 and, in cafe the fine fo impofed (hall not be paid, to commit the offender to bridewell, houfe of corre&ion, or common goal of the place, where fuch offence (hall be committed, for any fpace of time not exceeding three months.

XIV.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, that No magtf.

wherever any fentence of convi&ion (hall be pionounced trauof the under this acl by the authority of aiyr (ingle alderman or	tra^Cf

juftice of the peace, fuch juftice muff be a perfon not con- «ntcncc. cemed in that particular branch of trade, to which the complaint, on which fuch convi&ion is to be grounded, refers;

and that no magiffrate in fuch cafe (hall pronounce fentence as aforefaid.

XV.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, that Employer any mafter or employer, who (hall detain iu his feryice any retaining, and undertaker or journeyman, and (hall deliver to him a' warp of delivering new drapery to weave, or fet in the loom, and (hall not fur-

nifti him with materials to finilh the fame, but (hall for want idle 3 days, fliali of fuch materials keep him, or caufe him to be kept idle three pay fo much days, from the time he enters the laid work in the loom, fuch mafter or employer, being thereof convi&ed upon oath fonably«arncd;

. before any juftice of the peace, fhall for every fuch negleft	*

. pay or caufe to be paid to fuch workman fo kept idle fo much . rateably per day as he could have earned on fuch work, if . he had been regularly fupplied with materials, as (hall appear reafonable to any juftice of the peace, to whom complaint (hall be made thereof, to be levied by the warrant of fuch juftice of the peace by diftrefs of the goods of the offender. .

XVI.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, that Appeal from if any perfon (hall think him or herfelf aggrieved by the a magiftiate to determination of any juftice of the peace or magiftrate <luartcr feffio!U-

. a&ing under thisaft, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch perfon to appeal to the next general quarter feflions of the peace for the county or county of the city, in which the offence (hall be charged to have been committed, and fuch court of quarter feflions (hall finally determine fuch appeal.

XVII.	Provided neverthelefs. the perfon leaking fuch ap- w£^<^?tmnce peal (hall within two days next after his or her convi&ion in 2Gj to enter into a recognizance together with one fuificient furety ptai and gro-*

■	.	,	before	fccute.

49®	The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George III.

A. IX before the magiftrale, from whofe fentence he (hall appeal, ,779'8o. or any other juftice of the peace, in a fum not exceeding l' ~>T**+* twenty pounds, conditioned to appear at fnch quarter fcf-fions to profecute his appeal, otherwife fuch appeal to be of no effeft to fufpend the execution of the fcntcncc appealed from.

CHAP. X5C.

Amended 21, /n /fg jor fa leiter Regulation of the Woollen ManufaBure * C' ***	of	this	Kingdom.

W/ HE RE AS by an a ft made in the feventvmth and ^ V eighteenth years of the reijrn of king Charles the 17 and f8	fccond, intitled, An aft for the true n aling of all forts of cloih%

C *. c. IS.	tailed the old drapery and new drapery, and the true fearch-

itcited;	• anj fealing thereof by his Majejly's alnager within this

kingdom, it was en^fted, that all cloths, half cloths, and pieces of cloths, kerfics, frizes, cottons, rugs, and all other cloths called the old drapery, and alfo all bayes, fayes, ferges, fufiians,ituff$,andother commodities whatfoever made of wool, part of wool, cotton, or otherwife called or known by the name of the new drapery, (hould be of the length, breadth, and weight in the faid aft mentioned 5 and his Majefly’s alnager by the faid aft by himfelf or his lawful or fufficient deputy or deputies, fubftitute or fubftitutes, is authorized and required to meafure, view, tiy, weigh, and fearch all the (aid broad cloths, kerfies, frizes, (luffs, baizes, cottons, (ayes, ferges, fuftians, rugs, and all other cloths and commodities whatfoever to be made of wool, part of wool, cotton, or otherwife, commonly called the old and new drapery, whether the fame be of the length, breadth, and weight appointed, and be made, wrought, and dreffed without draining or firetching by any engine, inftrument, or device whatfoever ; and in cafe the fame (hall be found merchantable, good, and lawful wares, to feal or mark the fame ; and, if the fame be found defeftive or deceitfully made, to cut or jagg the fame at both ends thereof; and that fuch alnager fhould alfo receive to his Majefly’s ufe fuch fubfidy of alnage of all and every the faid cloths, kerfies, frizes, rugs, cot* tons, bayes, fayes, ferges, and other (tuffs and commodities aforefaid; and for all knit (lockings, fringes, cruels, lace, bonking, Twaddling bands, or bridling, according to the lengths, breadths, and weights for the fame refpcftively in the faid aft fet forth, together with fuch fee for fealing the fame and fuch additional fee fpr meafuring, fearching, view-ing, trying, and weighing,vas is therein mentioned: And it is by the faid law enafted, that for the better execution of ftid office of alnager there (hall be at all times meet and

Convenient

Digitized byCjOO^lC



s

provifions in

faiil av5l not

*The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George III. convenient places appointed in every city, borough, town corporate, market town, and other convenient places within this kingdom for the meafuring, fearching, and fealing fuch commodities, whereby every perfon having fuch commodities may certainly know where to have the fame perfected and done, and may not be drawn to travel above the fpace of fix miles from their feveral abodes for the perfedfion thereof : And whereas the provifions and directions of the faid aCt have neverthdefs not been found effectual for preventiog the frauds, abufes, and deceits, w hich are frequently ufed in the faid manufactures; and the faid alnage office under pro- as hcxciu. per regulations may be rendered beneficial to the publick, in remedying the fame : be it enadted by the King's molt excellent Majefty by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in thi*6 prefent parliament alfembled, and by the authority of the fame, that fo much of the faid adl only, and fo much of every a£t or a6ts heretofore made, as relate to>the afeertaining or fixing the length, breadth, or weight of each particular piece of fuch woollen cloths, for the meafuring, trying, or fealing of which other provifions are herein after made, (hall from the twenty ninth day of September one thoufand feven hundred and eighty be repealed.

II.	Provided neverthelefs, that when the lengths and when lenefa breadths of fuch goods hereafter to be made (hall be the and breadths fame, as is prescribed by the faid aCt, fuch fubfidy and fees the fame a» m fhall be paid for the fame, as isthereip fet forth ; and where Ja,d

the faid lengths and breadths (hall vary from the fame, then vaTymjr .W in the proportion to the lengths and breadths in the faid a& alnager and de-mentioned ; and where fuch fubfidy and fees are to be paid Pu«e» Marchers by weight only, the fame to continue in like manner; and anvi meafurex*. that henceforth his Majefty's alnager, his deputies and fub-ilitutes, (hall be fearchers and meafurers of aU fuch commodities made within this kingdom.	*

III.	Be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid, Ahat every i^nty te► fuch deputy or fubftitute (hall be appointed by fome authority give $ol. fccu-under the hand and feal of bis Majefty's alnager; and that rity atl«aft. every fuch deputy or fubftitute (hall he obliged to give fecu-

rity to the faid alnager for his conduCt in the fum of fifty pounds at the leaft, to the amount of which fum the faid alnager fhall be anfwerable for his faid deputy or fubftitute in cafe of infolvency, or of his not paying any fines im-pofed or damages to be recovered in confequence of any mifcondu& or neglect in his faid office, or in confequence of this or any other act relating to the faid manufacture.

IV.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, that ^ fuch deputy or fubftitute, before he (hall enter upon

his



Digitized by

Google

492 A. D.

1779-80. Chap. 20.

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George III. his {aid duty, (hall take and fubferibe the following oath before one of his Majcfly’s jullices of the peace in this kingdom, vi%.

I A. B. do fweary that I will well and truly to the heft of my Jkill and power execute the office, of a deputy or fulfiltwi al-na^r, fearcher, meafurer, or infpeStor of woollen and cotton manufactures within the dijlrifl, for which I have been appointed.

So help me God.

Which oath in writing being figned by fuch perfon, and at-tailed by the juflice of the. peace adminiflcring the fame, {hall be kept in fome office appointed for that purpofe by the faid alnager in the city of Dublin, in which office there {hall alfo regular entries be kept of all fuch deputies or fub-ftitutes within this kingdom, and of Hhe dates of their appointments, and of the diilricts in which they fhall be impowered to act, and of the Fecurities which have been given by them refpectively ; and if any fuch deputy or fub-ftitute fhall act as fuch without having given fuch fecurity and taken fuch oath, every fuch perfon for every fuch offence (hall forfeit the fum of ten pounds.

V.	And be it enadfed by the authority aforefaid. That every fuch deputy alnager or fubflitute, (hall and may, and drapery while they are hereby authorized and directed within the feveral f°r which they fhall be refpe&ively* appointed, tq fed of kad, and nieafure all broad cloths, and ends or half cloths, coatings, flamp his name, and knapped rugs, and all narrow cloths and all other cloths kc.	called the old drapery/while the fame are fully wet, and

previous to their being put on the tenters; and fuch deputy , or fubflitute fhall immediately after fuch meafurement affix on one end of every fuch cloth a feal of lead, (to be furnifh-cd and provided by the maker of fuch cloth) and (hall rivet the fed, and fhall damp in w ords and figures plainly to be lead aud diftinguifiied thereupon, his name, and the length and breadth of fuch cloth, together with the number of fuch cloths fo fealed by him in fuch diflrid fucceffively, beginning at the time of his entering on his faid office, with number one, and proceeding fucceffively, until the twenty-fifth of March then next enfuing, and on the faid twenty-fifth day of March, and every fuccecding twenty-fifth day of March, beginning again with the fame number one, and proceeding progrtffively in numbers during the year then enfuing; and immediately after the faid cloth fhall be mea-fured, fealed, and {lamped, he fhall enter in a book to be kept by fuch deputy or fubflitute the naitoe and place of abode of the maker, and the colour or fort of fuch doth,

together

Signed, at-tefted, and in linage office in Dublin, where all fccunt its, Sec. entered.

Deputies to Veafure oUl

The nineteenth and twentieth Yean of George III. together with the length, breadth, and number on the fealy which book ftikll be returned to the faid alnagc office in Dublin once in every fix months at the firtheft, or oftener, if by the faid alnager or the fi lfl clerk in faid office required, and which feal {ball be called the water fcal; and the owner or maker of fuch cloth fhall on affixing fuch water feal (if required) pay to fuch deputy or fubftitute the fub-fidy of Alnage, and all fees which are due to the alnager for fealing, and for meafuring, fearching, and vie\l$ng the lame ; and if any fuch deputy or fubllitute fhall refufe to refuting fo meafure and ftamp any fuch cloth either with the faid water	or

feal or the alnager’s feal, or to give fuch account, or fhall give* a falfe and fraudulent account of the cloths by him £d his place, ineafured and ftamped as aforefaid, being convifted on the and incapable, oath of one credible witnefs before any one of his Majefty’s juft ices of the peace, he fhall for the firfl offence forfeit the fum of forty millings, and for the fecond offence he fhall lofe his place, and be for ever after incapable of being ap-pointed a deputy alnager or fubflitute.

VI.	And whereas the affixing the faid wateT feal may ne- Alnager may verthclcGs be attended with difficulty in remote places, into

which the woollen man u fa ft urc is not yet introduced, and in ^°a"c ^cpthi fomc fpecies of goods not yet Efficiently eftablifhed: be it Dublin and 5 enafted by the authority aforefaid. That it may be lawful miles, f*ve for the faid alnager by order under his hand and feal to poftpone the execution of this aft, fo far as relates to the row faid water feal only, within any diftrift within this kingdom, except within the city of Dublin, and within five miles of the fame, for any fpecies of goods, except fuch as are commonly called broad cloths and narrow cloths, and to any *** beyond length of time, not going beyond the twenty-fourth day of 24 June 178a. June, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-two.

VII.	Provided always, that nothing in this aft fhall Alnage fcal

take away, or be conflrued to take away or fuperfede, the ^T *7 a°d 18 neceflity of the faid alnage feal, preferibed by the faid	1

oft of the feventeenth and eighteenth of King Charles the fecond.

VIJJ. And be it further enafted by the authority afore- Alnager to faid. That the faid alnager fhall appoint the faid deputies or ^PP01^ ,ufPcc' fcibllitutes, or fomc other perfons of good charafter and re- ° tenUri’' pute, to be infpeftors of all woollen and other goods of the old and new drapery, and of the tenters and tenter grounds, where fuch goods fhall be tenteied, and fo ftation them in fuch diflrifts and in fuch manner, as he /hall 'think proper, to pi event the falfe ftamping and over ff retching of all woollen cloths, and to enforce the due obfervation of this *' aft, which infpeftors fhall be employed in vifiting fuch tenter or tenter grounds. And if any fuch iufpeftor fhall find

any

Digitized by

Google

A. D.

* 779-80. Cbap. 20.

709. on con-ti&iua.

refifting 5T.

or if over-llretched, or marks cut out or altered, forfeiture as awarded by fuch juftice, not a:»ove 5I. nor nailer 40s. &c.

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George III-any of the fa id goods falfely (tamped by any of the (aid deputies or fubtlitutes in any broad or narrow cloth above two inches in breadth, or above one yard in length, he (hall give information thereof within feven days to one of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace, who (hall examine the fame, and on conviction every fuch deputy or fubftitute (hall forfeit for every fuch offence twenty (hillings, to be recovered as any other penalty is hereby dire&ed to be recovered: and it fhall be lawful for every fuch deputy, fubftitute, or infpec-tor, zs occafion (hall require, in the day time to enter into any tenter grounds of any manufacturer or other dealer in cloth to fearch for any of the faid manufactures, which he (hail fufpect to be falfely or unduly (tamped, or to be ftretch-ed or drained more than is allowed by this a6t, or any al-teration made in the feals, and for the better difeovering ’fuch abufes to caufe fuch wares to be meafurjd; and in cafe of refiftance or refufal by stay perfon to permit fuch infpec-tor to enter the (aid places for the purpofes aforefaid, the perfon fo refilling (hall forfeit five pounds on conviction before any juftice of the peace ; and if fuch infpe&or (hall find any wooden cloth, after the time herein directed for felling thereof, without the feals hereby directed to be put thereon, or fuch feal or feals defaced, counterfeited, or altered, except that it (hall appear, that the fame were accidentally loft, or malicioufly taken off, or that any of fuch cloths appear by the faid feals to be overflretched either in breadth or length beyond the ditnenfions allowed of, or that the name and place of abode or other marks of the maker (hall be cut out or altered, in fuch cafe the owner or perfon in whofe cultody fuch cloth (hall be found, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit fuch fum, as (hall be awarded on complaint thereof, by any fuch juftice of the peace, not exceeding five pounds, or lets than forty (hillings: if the merchant or buyer of any fuch cloth (hall fufpect the real and true lengths and breadths not to be the fame as (lamped on the feal, he may for proof thereof have the liberty within fix weeks of his buying the fame, if fuch clofch has not then been raifed, dreffed, or dyed, and upon two days notice given in writing to all the parties who meafured and itamped the faid cloth, to put fuch cloth into cold water for any time not exceeding four hours, and immediately, after the fame (hall be taken out, to caufe the fame to be meafured by feme fworn deputy, fubftitute, or infpeCtor, and if upon fuch admeafurement there (hall be found a lefs quantity in length or in breadth in more than one half part of the length thereof, than is mentioned in any of the feals, the deputy or fubftitute, who meafured and (tamped the faid cloth, being convi&ed of having wilfully and knowingly affixed fuch falfe and fraudulent £eab

thereto^



The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George III. thereto, upon the oath of the officer who lad meafured th£ fame, or of any other credible witnefs, before any one fuch juftice, for every iuch . offence forfeit, viz. for two inches in breadth, or one yard in length, that fuch cloth fhall fall fhort of the meafure marked on the feals, five (hillings; and for every other inch in breadth or yard in length, fo over flamped, ten (hillings; whereupon fuch fecond admeafure-ment the feal affixed fhall be found not to contain the juft length and breadth of fuch cloth, the infpe&or or other ^officer, whdVtipon fuch information and complaint meafured the fame, fhall affix new feals thereto, which fhall contain the true lengths and breadths of the faid cloth, and the • length and number of yards fo flamped on fuch feals fhall be the rule of payment for fuch cloth by the merchant or buyer ; fave only that fuch merchant or buyer in order to dif-courage the vending or expoiing to fale any fuch cloth with fuch fraudulent and defective feals may dedu& and retain to himfelf out of the price the amount of fo many yards as the faid cloth fhall fall fhort in inches of breadth, or yards in length, of the length and breadth expreffed on the former fraudulent feal affixed by the maker; every offender againft whom fuch information fhall be made as aforefaid, may within two days after notice given him thereof go to the houfe of the merchant, buyer, or owner of the cloth in fuch information mentioned, and requeft to fee the faid cloth, to examine that the crimes and fa&s charged be juftly charged, and that no frauds have been committed by the merchant, buye-, or owner of the fame ; and upon their refilling to permit him to fee or examine fuch cloth the profecution (hall ceafe, and any conviction to be made thereupon (hall be void.

IX.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, that Name and every clothier and maker of fuch broad cloth fhall at the abode at length, time of making, weave, ftamp, or few into the head of the nLkcmn^ead cloth in diftindt letters or words, plainly to be read at 0f the cloth length, his name and place of abode, and every maker of of narrow, narrow woollen cloth the initial letters of his chriftian and and fimame and the place of his abode ; and if any clothier or	to

maker fhalL after the twenty-ninth day of September, one faic without thoufand feven hundred and eighty, expofe to fale any feals 40s. per cloth without fuch .feals, or without fuch name or initial Piccc* letters and place of abode as aforefaid, being convi&ed on	*

the oath of one credible witnefs before any of his majefty,s juftices of the peace, he fhall forfeit forty (hillings for every and without fuch piece without feals, and forty (hillings for every fuch hich name and piece without name and place of abode fo damped, fewed, *^*6*?’ or woven into the fame 5 and if any perfon fhall willingly counterfeiting, take off, alter, or counterfeit, deface, obliterate, or cut fee. forfeit not out any of the aforefaid feals. or Uxe figures, letters, or under 40s. nor .	wordslWsL

495

A. I>.

1779-80.

Chap. 20.

Digitized by Goggle



(hatching beyond length or breadth on

tenter* mea> fared, ftc.

496	We nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George III.

A. D. Ifordi therein damped, or therein woven or fewed, before 1779-80* the doth be taken off the tenters and brought to the prefs; Chap* 20* every perfon fo offending, and every perfon in whofe cufb-dy any fuch doth without feals, of with the feals defaced, (hall be found cut out or obliterated as aforefaid, on being convifted as aforefaid (hall forfeit for any fuch offence not left than forty (hillings, or more than five pounds. If any perfon (hall after the faid twenty-ninth day of September next caufe or procure to be ftrctched ordkained any fcitat herein!*” whde or long broad cloth, or end or half brXTcloth, or narrow doth, mote than one yard in length in every twenty yards, or more than one inch in every twelve inches, the whole yard in- breadth containing thirty-fix inches only, and fo in proportion for cloths that are more in length or breadth above or beyond the length or breadth of fuch cloth upon the lower of fuch feals exprefled, being convifted by the oath of one credible witnefs before one or more of fuch jufli-6es of the peace, he (hall for every quarter of a yard in length, fuch doth (hall be overflretched, forfeit ten (hillings, and for every inch in breadth, twenty (hillings, to be recovered as the other penalties herein before mentioned are direfted: and for the better ^nd more eafy difeovery of the Undue ftretching and draining of cloth every owner or proprietor of any tenter (hall meafure fuch tenters, as (hall be made ufe of for tentering of cloth, and mark in figures, fair and plain to be feen, the true length of yards, computing thirty-feven inches to each yard at each tenter, beginning at No. I. and fo continuing it to the end thereof, marking and numbering each yard diflinftly, plainly and fairly to be feen on the top bar, or on the fore fide thereof; and if fuch tenter (hall after the twenty ninth of September each tenter, &c»ncxt, be found not to be meafured and marked and numbered as aforefaid, the occupier (hall forfeit five (hillings for each tenter, to be levied and recovered as any other penalty is hereby direfted* Information upon oath (hall be given of the offences mentioned in this aft, within twenty days after the offence (hall be difeovered; and all the offences in this aft mentioned (except fuch for which fome other remedy is hereby provided) (hall be enquired of and determined, and conviftions thereupon made upon oath of one or more credible witneffes by any one or more j.ufticcs of the peace, notice being fiift given to the perfens charged.

X. And be it further enafted by the arfthority aforefaid. That the feveial fines and penalties impofed by this aft, and by the faid alnage aft, (unlcfs where otherwife difpofed of _	by faid afts,) (hall be paid, one moiety to the imformer,

for woollen ma- the other to the Dublin Socicry, by them to be applied to nui iQuie, u the proteftio and encouragement of the woollen manufacture; aud if any offender (kail by the fpace of ten days

after

penalty, 5*

Penalties, favr otherwife diCpofed, to informer and Dublin focicty.

herein*

Digitized by

Google

*The nineteenth anJ twentieth Tears of George lit.	497

after.conviction, and notice given at his dwelling houfe or A. D. jflacC of abode, refufc or ncgleCt to pay fuch Forfeiture, or 1779-80. Avail not appeal to the quarter feflions, the juftice or juftices, Chafp. 20. before <vhom fuch cqnvi&ion fhall be made, or any other juftice or jultices of the peace, upon a certificate of fuch conviction from fuch juftice or juftibes, are required to iltue their warrant for levying the fame by diftrtfs and fale (returning the overplus after paying the charges to the offender) and where no fuHicient diftrefs can be found, to com-rrrit the offender to the houfe of correction for any time no£ exceeding three months : if any perfon fhall find himfelt aggrieved by any order or warrant of any juftice or jultices, or upon any conviction before them in purfuance of this a<£^, he may appeal to the next general quarter feflions for the county, or county of the city or town, which fiialhnot held within fourteen days next after the caufe of appeal fhall . arife, giving ten days notice of fuch dppeal to the perfon dif-covering the offence, upon which the conviction was made, and the jultices at the faid quarter feflions either confirm or difannul the faid orders or proceedings, they fhall allow fucK cods and charges to the party aggrieved thereby as they fhall think reafonable, to be' levied and paid as is ufual in Cafes of appeal from any other of the jmhees of the peace to the feflions, and their orders fhall be final.

XI.	And whereas by the faid aCt of the {Seventeenth and AJnagernofc eighteenth of Charles the fecond, the faid alnagcr, his de- to cuter jag puty or fubftitute, are dire&ed to cut or jagg at both ends

all fuch goods And wares, as fhall be found defc&tve and c. 15. abovir cjeceitfulljf made: be it cna&ed by tbe’ authority aforefaid, 3 inch* deep. That the faid cutting or jagging may not be above three"	v

inches deep at either end, or fo as farther to injure or de-flrby fuch piece.

XII.	And whereas by the’faid aCt it is enafted, That' 17 and 18 G. no perfon fhall prefs any of the commodities aforefaid by 2. c. 15. X 7. preulng in a Hot prefs,- or by heatang of thick boards or replied, jflanks, and laying the fame under or above the faid goods,

fftid that every perfoh fo preffing any kind or fort of woollen cloths, or with any other the like, fubtile and deceitful means, fhall forfeit the fame : be it enaCted by the authority afore-fstid, That the faid provifions may be repealed.

XIII.	And be it further enaCled by the authority afore- No fee for ftrid, That no deputy, fubflitute, or fupervifor fhall pre-goods not tried, flltne to take any fum of m< ney, fee, reward, or other icaled, tification for or on account of any goods, which have not

been fearched, viewed, examined, tried, fealed, or jagged, other than is dtre&ed by law, or to abftain from fuch feaich, view, examination, trial, fealing, or jagging; and if any fuch perfon fhall offend therein, he fhall on con vision before any juftice of peace as aforefaid be fined forty (hillings; on Vofc. VI.	1	i	a	fecond

Digitized by L,ooq le

New drapery, ir.d all other ■pot under alna-gci'* dire&ion.

F*ch piece sftcr 20 Dec. not under * 5 inches broad.

Initial* of name, and abode, in head of every piece, See.

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George III. a fccond conyjdion (hall be rendered incapable of ever executing again tbe faid office of deputy, fubllitute, fearcher,, or fupervifor.

XIV.	And be it further enaeled by the authority afore-faid, That every manufadurer of fluffs, ferges, carablets,, calimancoes, everlaftings, fattinets, worded damafks, moreens, paragons, kidderrrinflers, humbazeens, crapes, poplins, tabinets, and all other articles commonly called new drapery, or which are made of worded or of wool, and filk or wool, and linen or cotton yarn, and all other manufao-tures put under the direction of the faid alnage officer, (hall have free liberty to make the fame of fuch length, breadth, and weight as he fhall think fit.

XV.	Provided nevertin lefs, That each of faid pieces be-made pr.d damped after the twenty-ninth day of December next fhall not be lefs than fifteen inches in breadth.

XVI.	Provided alio, That every fuch maker or manufacturer fhall at the time of making damp, weave, or few into the head of every piece of fuch goods in diftind letters, plainly to be read, the initial letters of his chrifltan and fir-name, and the place of his abode ; and in cafe of any omiffi-011 or neglect thereof fuch perfon fhall be fubjed to fuch complaint, convidion, and fine, and fo to be difpofed of, as is herein before enaded with rtfped to perfons omitting to make fuch marks in broad or narrow woollen cloths.

When finifti-ed, neafued and icaied as aforefaid.

Stock-cards for fcribbling wool (ball contain the rubber of wires in the denomination under which fold.

penalty, 40s.

XVII.	And be it enacted by the authority aforo-faid, That all fuch goods when finifhed fhall be meafured, and fealed with fuch leaden feal, as aforefaid, by fuch deputy or fubflitute ; on which feal (hall be ftamped in words and figures plainly to be read, his name, and the length and breadth of fuch goods, and the number of the threads and beers in faid piece, together with the number of the laid piece, as alfo with the faid alnagePs feal.

XVIII.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That all perfons who fhall fell or expofe to fale flock cards, commonly made ufe of for fcribbling wool, and which are called fifty-fours, fixties, Seventies* eighties, nineties, and one hundreds, fhall make or caufe to be made the fame, fo as to contain the full number of wires in the denomination, under which they are fold ; and that every perfon felling or expofing fuch to falc, not fairly made as aforefaid, fhall for every fuch offence forfeit the Turn of forty (hillings, to^ie recovered in a fummary manner before any juftice of the peace, and to be applied as aforefaid.

t

CHAP.

i

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears o£ George 111.

CHAP. XXI.

An A& to amend and continue an A3 pajfid in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Tears of the* Reign of His prefent Majefty, entitled, An Aft to amend and continue an A3 paffed in the ^ Am«ndcd 33 Thirteenth and Fourteenth Tears of His prefent Majefty, en- * ^* C’ *4’ titled, An A3 for the better Regulation of the Baking Tradt in the City of Dublin, and for other Purpofes.

49$ A. ID. * 1779 8p.

TX^HEREAS by an a6t parted in the thirteenth and 132nd 140.

* * fourteenth years of his prefent Majefty, entitled, 3. c. 47. f. iS. An A3 for the better regulation of the baking trade in the city of rcc*tc^» *■4. Dublin, it is among other things enacted, that in c^fethe lom '	*

mayor and fenefchals refpe&ively in ftnking fuch aftize (hall find, that it will raife the price of bread to take flour into the aflize, then and in fuch cafe they fhall refpeCtivel/ flrike the aflize upon the middle price of wheat only; but	*

if they (hall find, that the price of bread will be' leflened by	*

taking flour into the aflize, then and in fuch cafe the aflize (hall be (truck according to the middle price of wheat and the medium price of'all kinds of flour, brought to the market, taken together, and twenty eight Hone and a half of fuch flour (hall he deemed equal to a quarter of wheat: now whereas it has been found by fair and accurate accounts the quantity of flour and wheat bought in the maric.et by the bakers, that this mode of aflize is unequal with refpedt to the bakers: therefore be it ena&ed by the King’s moil excellent Majefty by and with the advice and confent of thelords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, that from the twenty fourth day of Auguft one thoufand feven hundred . ind eighty the lord mayor and fenefchals refpeCtively fhall aflize ftrack (trike the aflize according to the middle price of wheat and the medium price of all kinds of flour (brought to the mar- 0 w c* ket of Dublin and fold to bakers) taken together, and of which flour twenty eight (tone and a half (hall be deemed equal to a quarter of wheat.

ft. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid On fufpicion in order to prevent any unfair pra&ice to the injury of the of pnuflice to publick, that if there (hallat any time be reafon to fufpedl, ra‘*c bread lord that there is any combination or pra&ice to raife the price of mayTevert to bread, then and in fuch cafe it (hall be lawful for the lord mayor the mode by with the Concurrence of the prefident of the court of con- laid fciencer and theiwo reprefentatives of the city of Dublin in jParliament, or any two of the faid three, and in confequence for the faid feuefchals* to revert to the mode of entry directed by the (aid recited claufe.

I i a	IU. And •

c ji. *i-T. , * pwU 5 G

The nineteenth*and twentieth Tears of QeorgC III.

JfL And be it Rafted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid in part recited aft, and one other aft for amending tfle fame, pafled in the feventeenth and eighteenth years of i3 and 14 G. hi* prefent Majefty, together with this prefent aft, andevc-Ind	c7*	*7 c^au^c m afts,except as herein h amended, (hall cou-

t'i and thi* aft, tinue in foice for two years from the twenty fourth day of amended, con- June, one tfioufand feven hundred and eighty, and UniQ the tmued 2 years, 0f then next fc{£on 0f parliament, by 2t and 21	'**	r

to	CHAP.	XXII.

An Ad to ta:nend a ATifiake in an Aft pqffed in the Thirteenth V	a?A Fourteenth Te.ii's of His prefent Majefty, entitled. An

sM for. amending the Publich Roads*

\V9-EREAS by an ad pafTed in tfce thirtfentk * * and fourteenth years of hj& prefent Majefty, ea-c	titled, An a5 for amending the publick roads, an aft

JF*	*7	paffed in the fifth year of his prefent Majefty* entitled. An

•	Clc	******* c *	aft fa the more effectually amending the publick roads, and every

claufe therein contained, except the claufe for repealing the

*	*	feveral afts of Parliament therein particularly mentioned,

apd except fuch part thereof as relates to the county of Dublin, was repealed: and whereas a claufe in the (aid aft fpr enabling any perfon or perfons, who now have or hereaf* t$r iliah have any ferry over any river, to ereft and fupportf «	^bridge at his or their owp expence over fuch river in the,

place of fuch ferry, and to take and receive for pafiing fuch bridge fuch toll, and no more, as they arc entitled to re* <$ive for p iling fuch ferry, was by miftake repealed: and ,	Rentas it has been found neccflary and expedient to revi*%

%nd continue faid claufe : be it enafted by the King’s raolb excellent Majefty by and with the advice and confent of tho lords fpiritual and. temporal and commons, ip this prefect* parliament afilrabled, and by the authority of* the fame. That from and after the firil day of Auguft, one thou-fftfld feveu hundred and eighty, fuch part of the feid*aft, a* repeals tAe faid claufe, (hall be and i* hereby repealed, and. n^ade null and void.

.	II. And he it further cnafted>by tlie authority,aforefaid,

vivtd, notwlth-- That the faid claufe, and every thing therein contained, (b^II (landing x \ and he and the faid claufe i& hereby, revived, and (ball b^and coor 14 G 5. c 32 tinue in.full force, any thing iu the faid aft of the thirteenth, 24fh°TuiuM - f° an^ ^tU'teeMtli years of the rcigiLof hi^pcefc^	t*

&c, jBG.'j.94, ^ W^uary.notvwlitttaiuiiog.

C. 42. f. 2.

CHAP.

Digitized

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George 111.

CHAP. XXIV.

Ah Au for the better Regulation of the Silk Manufacture*

^THEREAS it would be for the benefit of perfons em-* * ployed in the filk weaving branch, if the Dublin SocieT fy tvere empowered to fettle between the mailer weavers and their journeymen the price of labour in the fevend branches of the faid manufacture: therefore be. it enabled by the king’s mofl excellent Majefty by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of (he fame, that from the firft day of Auguft one thoufand Wa ^ ^ feven hundred and eighty the wages and prices for work of jourDcymen filk (he journeymen filk weavers within the city of Dublin and weaver* (hall be fhe adjacent liberties for the diftance of two miles and a fettled by Dub-lialf round from the Caftle of Dublin iliall be regulated, fettled, and declared by the Dublin Society, who are hereby authorized and empowered from time to time, upon application being made to them for that purpole, to fettle,, regulate, order, and declare the wages and prices of work of the journeymen filk weavers working within the limits afore-faid $ and (hall and may within the fpace of fourteen days next after the making every fuch order caufe the fame to be printed and pubfifhed at the reafonable expence of the perfon or perfons applying for the fame three times in any two news papers publilhed in Dublin, which publication (hall be deemed and allowed to be fuficient notice and publication thereof* ; and from and after publication thereof all maftei filk weavers and their journeymen are hereby ftriCtly required to obferve the fame.

II.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, Givine more tliat aftef the faid fir ft day of Auguft any m'after filk \V’eaver Cr left wagt* or within the aforefaid diftriCt, who (hall* give more or lefs prices to iour-wageV, or pay larger or fmaller prices,. to? any of the jour- ncymcn thanfo men weavers'aforefaid for their work, than fhall fettled not abovc^oL dr allowed as aforefaid', and (hall be Convicted of the faid offences before any two of his Majefty’s- jbftices of the peace within the diflriCt or jurifdiCtion aforefaid, where the faiti*offence ftiall be Committed, on theoatfr or oaths of one or more credible witnefs pr witnefles, he (hall forfeit fuchfota. riot exceeding fiftypoirtids, as faid juftices fhall think proper, to-be levied by diftrefsand fale of toe offenders goods ; and the faid* penalty, when recovered, fhall be pajd#into the tfpnds^of' the rhafter pf the weaver’* company^ firil deducing the expence of fuch profecution, to be by him' applied towards the fupport of the fchdol for the education*of ch3-cfcren of poor manufacturers in the city of Dublin.

III.	And

$oz *

A.. D.

} 779*80. Chap. 24.

Journeyman combining iu rdf. wages, or intimidatin others tjr quit employer, forfeit not »boyc4ot.

Two joftftes On in form ant’s Oath may fum-inon fo teftify, *c.

Th nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George III.

III.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, that if any journeyman weaver or weavers within the diftri£t afore fa id fhall afk, receive, or take more or lefs wages, or larger or fmaller prices, for the work that (hall be fettled as aforefaid, or fhall enter into any combination to raife the wages or prices of faid work, or for this purpofe (hall decoy, folicit, or intimidate any journeyman or journeymen weavers within the diftrkft aforefaid, fo drat he or they quit their matters or miftreifos, for whom they (hall then be employed, and (hall be convi&ed of any of the faid offences on the oath or oaths of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles before any two or more of his Majefly’s juftices of the peace within the diftrid or jurifdidion aforefaid, eveiy fuch journeyman fhall forfeit afum net exceeding forty (hillings; and if the faid forfeiture be not immediately paid, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid jullices to commit the faid offender to the houfe of correction to hard labour for any time not exceeding three months; the faid forfeiture, uh«?n recovered, to be applied in the fame manner as the forfeiture aforementioned.

IV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, that it fhall and may be lawful for any two juftices of the peace within the jurifdidion aforefaid, on information upon oath made before them by any peifon or perfons whatfoever, that there is reafon to ftifped, that anj mafter, miftrefs, or journeyman weaver within the jurifdiction aforefaid, hath been guilty of any of the offences aforefaid, at requeft of fuch informantto iflue their fummons in writfog,figned by^r.y fuch two juftices, requiring any clerk, foreman, apprentice, fervant, or other perfon or perfons employed or retained by fuch perfon, fo fufpeded to have offended, or any other perfon or perfons whatfoever whofe attendance (hall appear necefTary for the purpofe of giving evidence in the premifTes, to attend and teftify concerning the premifTcs; and if any perfon fo fummoned fhall not attend, and proof fhall be made of the fcrvice of fuch fummons either perfo-nally or by leaving the fame at the laft or ufual place of abode of fuch perfon, it (hall be lawful for fuch two juftices or any other two juftices of the peace within the faid jurisdiction, and they are hereby required (tinlefs a reafonable excufe be made for fuch non attendance to the fatisfaCtion of fuch juf-tice$) to iflue their warrant under their hands and feals for the apprehending and bringing him or her before them, or fome other two or more juftices of the peace within the faid jurifdidion, to be examined touching the premifTes ; and if any fjch perfon fo attending, or being brought before fuch juftices, (hall refufe to be examined, or give their teilimony touching the premifTes, fuch perfon fhall by the faid juf-tiqps be committed to the noufe of corre&ioa for ope

. taontbj

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George m.	503

month, there to remain unlefs he or fhe (hall fooncr fob-	A. D.

mit to be examined agd give teftimony, as the law re-	1779-80.

quires.	Chap.	24.

V.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted by the autho-

rity aforefaid, that it fhall and may be lawful for any j>erfon, Appealto convicted before any two juftices of the peace as before men- nfx5 tioned, to appeal to thd' juftices of the peace afieinbled at fndfind^Ie- ‘ the next quarter feflions to be held for the place, wherein curity, &cf fuch conviction fhall be made, giving immediate notice of fuch aDpeal, and finding fufficient fecurity to the fatisfac-tion of fuch juftices for being perfonally prefent at fuch quarter feflions, and for profecuting the faid appeal with effect, and abiding the judgment of the court; and fuch juftices in fuch quarter feflions fhall finally hear and determine the matter, and fhall have power to award reafonable cofts to cither party, as to them (hall feem juft ; and if fuch conviction fliall be affirmed at fuch quarter feflions, fuch appellant fhall be committed to prifon for the crime fpecified in the faid conviction, and until payment of the cofts fo to be awarded.

VI.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted by the au- Adions

thority aforefaid, that no aftion fhall be brought againft	^

any juftice of the peace, conftable, or other officer, or 10n 8‘ againft any other perfon or perfons whomfoever, for any

matter or thing whatfoever done or committed under, by virtue, or in the execution of this aft, unlefs fuch action fhall beTuought within fix calendar months next after the doing or committing fuch matter or thing,

VII.	Provided alfo, that if any aftion or fuit fhall hereaf- General iffuc ter be commenced or profecuted againft any perfon or per-P^^^”^ fons for any thing done under, by virtue, or in the execution ^

of this aft, fuch perfon or perfons may plead the general iflue, and give this aft and the fpecial matter in evidence ; and if the plaintiff fhall become non fuited, or fuffer difeon-tfnuance, or forbear further profecution, of if judgment fhall be given for the defendant or defendants, fuch defendant or defendants fhall recover his, her, or their full cofts, for which he, fhe, or they fhall have like remedy, as in cafes where cofls by law are given to defendants.

VIII.	And whereas it frequently happens, that materials ufed in the manufafture before mentioned are found or •known to be concealed in tbe pofleffion of perfons, who have received the fame knowing them to be purloined- or embezzled, or of perfons known not to be intitled to difpofe of the fame : and whereas the difeovery and conviftion of thepurloiners and embezzlers, buyers and receivers of fuch

• materials, is full of difficulty from the clofe and dandeftine tnanper, in which the offence is committed, and there is {kill

greater

. • >

-A-

Digitized by

Google

A. D.

i77$»-8o-Chap. ?+.

Tviq jufFicef •D o^th of caufc to fufpewt concealment of purloined materials, may on warrant caule fcarch by day, See.

Peace officer, See. may ap-Vrehend per-foqji conveying lu^pcd^cd materials,

T'x n.n'tecnth and twentieth Teqrs of George III. {JW*tsr difajii'ry in proving, whofe property fuch material* and it would tend to the difcou.agement and fuppref-uon of fuch oitences, if the discovery and conviction of fu«h offenders were rond;; ei more city : be it further en-adle^ by the authority aforefaid, that it fhnll and may be lawful for a::y two juflhes u( the peace for the didrict afor^faid, upon complaint rnad$ to them upon oath by any credible peribn (qr bJ g of the people called qcukers, upon folerr.n aiiinr.aaon) that iherc is caule to fufpret, that any Such purloined or e.vL’ ^^Jcd materials, uhethu mixed $r unmhiyd, wrought or iinwrought, are concealed in any 4wdli.ag-qoufe, oqt houfe, yard, garden, or other place or places, by villus o( ^ \yninmt under their bands and feals, to Qauf every iucb dwtliipe houfe, out houfe, yard, garden, QJ place to be lynched in the day time; arid if any f> ma-t.ei fa Is, fuipect.c.4 to be pin joined qr embezzled, fhaJl be fcqnd therein, to caufe th^ fane, and the perfon or perfoos Ul whofe houfe, out heuie, yard, garden, or other place toe fame {hall be. found, to be brought before r>ny two jnftuxs of the peace for the dilirict atorefaid ; and if the laid per-£>,n or perfons (hail not give an Recount to tire fatisfaction q£ fuch jqfticcg, how he, fhe, or they came by the fame, tjicn ttyc laid perfon or perfons fo offending (hull be deem-and adjudged guilty of a mifdemeanor, and Ihail be J&miffxd in manner herein after mentioned, although no ^roof fltjl be given, to whom fuch materials belong.

^X. end be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, that every peace officer or con (I able in the diftrict afbrefaid, *nd every beadle within Lb ward, parifh,or diffrict, and eve-XJ watchman, during fuch time only as he is on his duty, (hall and may apprehend or caufe to be apprehended all and every perfon or perions, who may be reasonably lufpectcd of having ox carrying, Qr any \vays conveying at any time after fun Setting and before fun riling any of fuch materials Adjected to be pu loiqed or embezzled, and the fame, together tvith fuch pcifon or perfons, as foon as conveniently may be, convey or carry btfbie any two ju ices of the peace for thjc diilriet aforefoid, or in which the fufpccted perfon or pc; foes fl ail be apprehended ; «yid if the perfon or perfons fo apprehended in conveying any fuch materials Shall not produce tim pa./y cr parties, duly entijed. to difpofe thereof, from, wboi^ liq, flic, or they’ bought or received the fame,'or ijpme other credible witnefs, to tefiify upon oath (or being qftbe people called Quakers) upon fnhmo affirmation to the fgje oi delivery of thelaid materials {which oath or affirmation respectively, fucl\ juflicui are hereby impowered to s^mu>iflcr.)j or (hall nqtgive an account to the fatisfaction of fjjgb jufbges^hgw he, fte, <v* they came by the fame, then tfcq fajd, perfon og pci^fai^. fp. ^gpreheqdcd, be deemed

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George III.	JO$

and adjudged guilty of a mifdemeanor, and be punifbed ii A. I>. inanner bet ein after mentioned, although no proof (hall be 1179-80. given, to whom fuch materials belong.	Chap. 24* ,

X.	Provided always, and be it further ena&cd by the ais- v——

thority aforefaid, that in either qf the two cafes lad before Reafocablc mentioned, when any peifon or perfons, who (ball be brought	r^"	^

btfoie any two juftices of the peace, {hall re/queft of fuch iQ provc&lc or juftices to appoint a reafopable time to produce the perfoa delivery, ice. or perfons duly entitled to fell or difpofc of the fame, of or »• herein, fiom whom he, (he, or they bought pr received the dime, or

fome one or more credible witneftca to prove the fale or de» livery thereof, then and in fuch cafe it (ball and may be lawful for the faid juftices, and they are hereby authoriaedaad requited, to appoint fuch reafonable time aa aforefaid, and to ifTue out a iummons to the conftable or other peace offir per of the parifh or place, where fuch perfoa or perfons *c fuch witnela or witnefles {hall refpe&ively refide, requiting him, her, or them to appear before two or more juftices at fuch time and place, as mall be fo appointed by fuch juftices, in order to be examined and give evidence on oath or being of the people called quakera folemn affirmation, of the fevepd matters aforefaid; but fuch perfon or perfons at the time of making fuch requeft fhall enter into a recogsizana* w ith or w ithout furety or fureties, as fuch juftices {hall think proper, for his, her, or their appearance before them at the time to be fet or appointed, or for want of fuch recog zauce as aforefaid mall be committed, until the timey that {hall be fet or appointed by the {aid juftices for the appearance of fuch party or parties, witnefs or witnefles; and# at fuch appointed time fuch perfoa or peribns {hall be cOfV ▼i£Ud of any of the offences aforefaid, theu and in fuch cafe he, ftie, or they {ball fuffcrfuch punifbment, as is herein after dirccled. to be uiftkded on perfons guilty of fuch ok fences.

XI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, *nd

that wheie any perion or perfons {hall be convi&ed of a materialu depo-mi (demeanour of either the two cafes laft before mentioned, fite<1 it fhall and may be lawful for the juftices* before whom the not^bove1^11* convidion fliall be, to caufe the faid materials fo found o* days, and md-feized as aforefaid to be depofited. in the hands of the church vertiftd, Sec. wardens of the pariih, wherein fuch material* are found or feized, for any time not exceeding thirty days* and in the mean time to order the faid church wardens, or one of them^ to infert an advertifement in foipe one or mere of the pub* lick news, papers, ufually publifhed in on near fuoh places ajid alfo to caufe notice to hAiven by fome* publick cryer» apd by fixing up notice on fome public!* place within tiro fame, describing fucli materials* and. where the feme ate do* pofited, to the end that perfons having loft fuch materials,

Ferfont ad-judged guilty of mifdtmeanor forfeit i ft offence sol ad 30I. every other

4ol.

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George 111. tennis, or any perfon or perfons in their behalf, may come and claim the fame; and in cafe any perfon or perfons can prove his, her, or their property in the faid materials upon oath, or (being of the people called quakers) upon his, her, or their folemn affirmation to the fatisfa&ion of any one or more juftice or juftice3 of the peace for the faid diftriCt, then fuch juftice or juftice9 (hall order reflitution of fuch materials to the owner or owners thereof after paying the reafon-able charges of removing, depofiting, and giving publick notice of the fame ; but if before the end of the faid thirty days, no perfon or perfons (hall come and prove his, her, or their property in fuch materials, nor any reputable perfon or perfons on his, her, or their behalf, then the faid juftiecs (ball order and direct the fame to be fold for the belt price, that can reafonably be had, and after deducing fuch charges as aforefaid together with the charges of fale, one moiety of the money arifing from fuch fale (hall be given to the perfon or perfons, or either of them, who (hall apprehend or profe-cutc the offender or offenders guilty of either of the raifde-meanours aforefaid, as the faid juftice or jufticcs (hall appoint, and the other moiety thereof eiihei to and amongft the poor of the parifh where the conviction (hall b^> or to fuch pub-lick charity or charities as the juftice or juftices convicting (hall appoint.

XII.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, that every perfon deemed and adjudged guilty of a riuYde-meanOnr in having in his or her poffeffion any materia!? fuf-pc&ed to be purloined or embezzled, and not producing the party or parties being duly intitled to difpofe of the fame, of whom he or (he bought or received the fame, nor giving a fa-tisfa&ory account how he or fhe came by the fame, or of a mifdemeanour in having, carrying, or conveying of the faid materials fnfpe&ed to be purloined or embezzled, and not producing the party or parties being duly entitled to difpofe of the fame, of whom he or (he bought or received the fame, nor any credible witnefs to teftify upon oath, or being of the people called quakers upon folemn affirmation, the fale or delivery thereof, nor giving a fatiafa&ory account how he or (he came by the fame, as the cafe (hall be, (hall for every fuch mifdemeanour forfeit for the (irft offence the fum of twenty pounds, and for the fecond offence the fum of thirty pounds, and for every fubfequent offence the fum of forty pounds ; all which faid refpedive forfeitures (hall and may be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chatties of every fuch offender, rendering to him or her the overplus, af ter the charges of Qe faid diftrefs and fale are deducted, by warrant under the hands and feals of the juftices before whom fuch offender (hall be deemed and adjudged

Owners may

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George III.

.guilty ; of which forfeiture, one moiety fhall be paid to the informer, and the other moiety thereof to and amongft the poor of the parifh, where fuchconviftion fhall be, or to fuch publick charity or charities as the juftices convifting fhall appoint; and if no fufficient diftrefs fhall be found whereon to levy the refpeftive forfeitures, then the faid juftices fhall and may commit every fuch offender, fo refpeftively deemed and adjudged guilty as aforefaid, to the common gaol or other prifon, or houfe of correftion within his or their jurifdiftion without bail or mainprize for the fpace of one month, and to be once publickly whipped, and for the fecond offence for the fpace of two months and to be twice publickly whipped, and for every fubfequent offence for the fpace of fix months and to be thrice publickly whipped.

XIII.	And whereas it fometimes happens by occafion of a very long detention of fuch materials as aforefaid, delivered demand en-out to journeymen or other perfons employed to work up trancc into the fame, it cannot be known to the matters or owners of

fuch materials, whether the fame may have been purloined fom employed or embezzled, or whether the faid materials are wholly or ia to work up ma-part wrought or begun'to be wrought, or in what ftate ortc“*!s» *c- J?n Condition fuch materials may be: for remedy thereof be it	**

enafted by the authority aforefaid, that from and after the firft day of Auguft one thoufand feven hundred and eighty it fhall be lawful for the owner or owners of any fuch materials from time to time, as occafion fhall require, to demand entrance, and enter at all feafonable hours in the day time into the (hops or outhoufes of any perfon or perfons employed by him or them to work up any of the faid materials, or other place or places where the work (hall be carried on, and there to infpeft the ftate and condition of fuch materials, and in cafe of refufal by any fuch perfon or perfons fo employed to permit fuch entrance or infpeftion, he, (he, or they fo refufing fhall forfeit and pay fuch fum of money, not exceeding forty (hillings nor lefsthan ten (hillings, as the juftices, before whom he, (he, or they fhall be convifted, fhall think proper, to be recovered and applied in the fame manner as is by this aft direfted for the mifdemeanour of being in the poffeffton of any fuch materials without being able to account fatisfaftorily for fuch poffeffion.

XIV.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore- offender not faid, that any offender convifted of embezzling or conceal- able to pay fine, ing, or in whofe poffeflion any fuch materials may be found, jj^ff tefbe* ^ and not being able to pay the fine or fines impofed by this pablicklV

aft, he, (he, or they fhall be delivered into the cuftody of whipped, *c.

• the fheriff of the city or county of Dublin, according to the place where fuch offence fhall be committed, to be by pu^lickjy whipped according to the intent and meaning

Digitized by

Dublin So* cicty to fupcrintend dlk man u-fa&ure, and nuke orders and bje laws

Not contrary to any

law in force.

Not traaf-gteffng orders or bye laws of

Dobhn Society not fubject to pawlty.

No alteration in prices of labour, without hearing mallei s and journeymen.

If raw or dyed Hlk oiled or greafed in winding, pu-nilbedashciein.

Continued 4 years.

A publick act.

Continued to 37 June 1796, ice. G. 3. c. 40. f. 2.

Ths nrnttrtnsh and Puxittittb Tears Of O&fg* ltt> fag hereof; and the fheriff of the feid diftnd or jurfe-tion is hereby authorised and required to execute or tanfc the fame to tie executed according to the fentence of the hid jufticca.

XV.	And be it further* ena^ed by* the authority ifort-fa id, that the Dublin Society ihall and may fuperintend tk ft Ik maintfacture, and make fuch orders, bye laws, and regu-latione, touching all matters pertaining thereto, as fhalisp-pearto them ufeful and neceffary, and that ail perfons concerned in the (aid manufa&ure ihall obey aO fuch orders ofthc Dublin Society.

XVI.	Provided always, that no bye law* fo to berjade /kali in any degree COMfadnSt, or be contrary to, arryhwor fawn now in force.

XVII.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, tlm fo long as any mailers, miflrettcs, or journeymen filk wafers ttall not tranfgrefs any of the faid orders and bye hvrs of the Dublin Society in all matters concerting the fill mi* nufa&ure, he ihall not be fuhjeA to any penalty ena&edhy any other law patted this ieffion of parliament for or in refpedt of the fame, or any matter or thing relating thereto.

XVIII.	Provided that no alteration be made by the Dob* lift Society in the prices of labour without an examroatioc and liearring of both mailers, miftrefles, and journeymen, before faid alteration is irtade.

XIX.	And be it enafted by the authority afoirfaid,dirt if any perfon or perfons employed in winding raw or dyed fiik> (haft oil or greafe the fame, and be convicled thereof before one or more jnftices of the peace, fuch perfon Ihall be font to the houfe of coiregion for the fpace of fourteen days, and be once publickly whipped.

XX.	Provided always, that this a& (hall continue for fb)r year's from the ftrft day of Augufl one thoufind ferdt htrt* dred and eighty, and no fonger.

XXI. And be it further ena&ed by' the authority aforefaid, that rhis ad ihall be taken and alknwrf to k a publick adl in all courts within this kingdom ; and ad judges and juflices of the peace are hereby rajuittd fo take notice thereof as fuch without fpecialty ptetdirig Ac fame.

4

CHAR



I

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George III.	5*09

A. D.

CHAP. XXV.	**779-80.

An A? to, explain an A3« entitled, An A3 to prevent Frauds

committed by Bankrupts.

\?S/HEREAS the laws now in force concerning bank- A place may ^ * rupts inquire federal amendments : be it enacted by j>c appointed tfeo King's TOoft excellent Majefty by and with the advice	wh^re

and QPnfcot of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons oroceedings of isy thift prefent parliament afiTembled, and by the authority of commiflioncrs tbc fame, that from and after the palling of this a& a of bankrupt proper pkc* may he appointed by the lord chancellor, lord 10 gc * keeper,. or lords Qpmmiflloners for the cu/lody of the great foal for the time being* where the proceedings of the com. miffipnem gf bankrupt (hall be lodged, fo that the fame n*ay be- a£ aU times open to the infpection of fuch perfon or poefoua, a* h^vc a right by the aforefaid a&3 to infpe& the fame i in whioh appointment proper direction may be given, in whofe care OR cuftody fuch proceedings ihall be and remain.

H, And wherena it baa appeared, that the aflignee or af- When id di-figaet$o£ bankrupts have neglected to make dividends among videndcot the bankrupt's creditors, and alfo to lodge the money arif-	in

lug ami weired out of the bankrupt’s eftate and eflect3 in ia’inonths after purfuftoce of the directions of the faid recited acts: be it the commiflion, enacted by the authority* aforefaid, that often as it (hall majority of	V

happen, that* the fir ft. dividend (hall not have been made within n°aTlTft Monday twelve months! after* the iffuing the faid commiflion, or that aftCr,&c fum-a fecund dividend fhall not have been, made within eighteen mon affiance*, months after ifluiog the faid commiflion, the faid coramifli- and examine on oners of bankrupt, or the major part of them, (hall on the conduct*&c firft Monday after the expiration of the faid twelve or eigh- « herein, teen mouths respectively, or as foon after as conveniently may	j

bo-after iffuing of the-faid commiflion, fummon the aflignee or afltgnecs of fuch commiflion of bankruptcy, and examine the fame upoaoath, or if aquaker upon folemn affirmation, re-fposting their conduct at aflignees; and the faid aflignees fhall fumiflk an account of; the particularsof the faidbankrupt’s eftbte and effects, and of the money received, and payments made-out of the fame, together with their refpecdve vouch-eus, aod alfo,the bankrupt’s receipts for fums lodged by him o*tbem, which account figned by the faid aflignee or afflg-nees the faid commiifioners fhall enter among the proceedings of- the faid commiflion : and if it (hall appear to them, that any aiflgnee.orafligDeeshas or have not lodged the money anting and received out of the bankrupt’s eflates and effe&s in the manner dire&ed by- the aforefaid- acts, that then and irr Tucltcafo-tbe-fkid comnaiflioncrajhatt have powers (hould the*

3	fahk

Digitized by L^ooQie

5io

A. D. 1779^0. Chap. 25.

Bankrupt's

debtor not pay* ing afljgncti in 3 months, (hall pay 6 rer cent, intcreft from demand.

: debt ^ ove lol. copy'of alignment, ronclu-fivc evidence.

In debts again ft bankrupts, creditors (hall produce copy of account, and fwcar to the truth, &c.

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears af George Ilf.

(aid affignee or affignees of faid bankrupt be a creditor under (aid commiffion, to ftop and detain out of his or their re-fpe£tive debt or debts the fum of ten pounds, for each hundred pounds, which the faid affignee or affignees (hall appear to them to have kept in his or their hands for the fpace of twenty one days, which fum is to be divided among the other creditors of faid bankrupt in proportion to their refpc&ive debts; and if the faid affignee or affignees (hould not be a creditor or creditors under the faid commillion, or though a creditor or creditors fhould not be entitled to receive a dividend equal to the aforefaid penalty, then the faid commif* fioners (hall have power to order and dire& their clerk to bring a civil bill in the name of faid clerk to the amount of (aid penalty, which when recovered is to be divided among the creditors in manner as aforefaid; and the judge or judges, before whom fuch civil bill (hall be brought, (Kail be obliged to hear and determine the fame, though it (hould exceed the' fum of twenty pounds, and the faid de-portions and account taken and certified by faid commtffi-oners, verified upon the oath of faid clerk, (hall be conclufiYe evidence.

III.	And whereas great expence and injury has arifen to the creditors of bankrupts by the debtors of bank? opts not paying their debts to the affignees: be it cnaded by the authority aforefaid, that the debtor of every bankrupt, who (hall not pay his, her, or their debts to the affignee or affignees of each commiffion, within three months after ilTuing the commiffion, and demand made by or on behalf of fuch affignee or affignees, (Kali be obliged to pay over and above their faid debt intcreft for the fame at the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum from the time of fuch demand made.

IV.	And whereas great difficulty has arifen to the affignees of bankrupts in the recovery of fmall debts: be it en-a&ed by the authority aforefaid, that in all cafes where the debt (hall not exceed twenty pounds, a copy of the alignment of the commiffioners of the bankrupt’s eftate and effects to the affignees under faid commiffion (hall be conclu-five evidence of the iftuing the commiffion, and of the per-fon therein named being a bankrupt: provided that (aid af-fignment (hall have been entered on record in the office of the clerk of the enrolments of bankruptcy, whofe fee for enrolling fame (hall not exceed twenty (hillings, or for (aid copy thereof more than ten (hillings.

V.	And be it .further evaded by the authority aforefaid,

that in all cafes of debts againft bankrupts, alledged to be due by account, that the creditors of fuch bankrupt (hall produce a copy of faid account figned by himfelf, and fwear to the truth thereof according to the beft of his knowledge and belief.	VI. And

Digitized by v^ooQle

77* nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. '	511

VI.	And whereas great inconvcniencies have arifen from A. D. the agents or clerks to different commiflions of bankrupts be- 1779-80. ing confidered as officers belonging to the aflignees appoint- Chap. 25. cd under the faid fevcral commiflions, and not fubjeft to the controul or direction of the commiflioners named in faid com- Acting agent millions, and have frequently refufed producing the proceed- J ings under Caid commiflions to the commiflioners, and in many ** inflances have refufed to obey their orders : be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, that every perfon or perfons, who fhall a& as agent or clerk, or who fhall take out any com-miffion of bankruptcy, fhall be confidered as fecretary or clerk to the faid commiflion, and under the controul and dire&ionsof the faid commiflioners, and be obliged to take Clerk* oatb. the oath following:

I A. B. do fwear, that during fuch time as I Jhall be cm* ployed as agent or clerk to the commiffion, or in any wife concerning the proceedings in a commiffion of bankrupt, iffued and award	*

ed and now in profecution againjl	/	will

faithfully and honejlly according the lejl of my Jkill and know-ledge, write, take down, and tranferibe all fuch depofitions and evidence of the faid bankrupt, as of all others who Jhall he yworn and examined by or before the commiffioners under and by virtue of the faid commiffion, as I Jhall by the commiffioners in the faid commiffion named, or the majority of them, be direded to write, take down, or tranferibe ; and alfo that I will in tike manner during fuch time fafely and faithfully preferve and keep from all kind of defalcation and embezzlement all fuch depofitir ons, evidences, and proceedings while the fame Jhall be by faid commiffioners committed to my care ; and that I will not know-tngly ufe or permit to be ufed any fraud, deceit, or impofilion in Jupprejffing or concealing the truth, or fuggejling of a falfchood, in refpeS to any matter or thing, which may in any wife tend o or prevent the due and ejfeBual execution of the fevcralpowers and trujls by law repofed in faid commiffioners.

So help me God. ,

VII.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid.	Acting as

that any perfon or perfons a&ing as meflenger or meflen-gers, and who fhall ifliie any commiffion of bankrupt- a&ing M cy, or when iffued out fhall a£ as agent in fach commif- agent, inca-fion, he fhall from fuch time be confidered incapable for V*b\c of being ever after of holding the office of meflenger; and every mef- meffcnScr* fenger, fhall before the commiflioners execute their warrant oatht * of feizure to him, take before them the following oath, that it to fay:

I A. B.

Digitized by Google

i>*

A. D. >779-80. Cimp. ay.

On affidavit of coeditor not reading here, of amount of debt. Sec. aud bond as by former act required, com* miffion may be ifiued.

On comr fion again! member. n< fuperfeded, creditors p in? debt no fully paid, commiffion lhall certifj fame to the

fpcaker, tec.

The mnefeeath and twentieth Tears tf GddrgS III.

T A. B. do fwtar, that I wiltfaithfully, impartially, and hotuflly according to the befl of my Hill and knowledge execute the fevered orders, •which 1fefdl receive from the commiffoners. Or the mayor part of them in this faid commiffion, awarded and iffued againjl C. D. and that t will not knowingly ufe, or permit to be ufed, any fraud, deceit, or impo/ition in fupprejfeng or concealing the truth, or fuggejling any falfehood, in rrfpcff lo any matter or thing which may in any wife tend to prevent the due and effeBual execution of the feveral covenants and trujls by law repofed in faid commifescners, or that I will net by myfelf, os1 any other perfon in trujl for me, have any intirejl, employmentf or concern in the faid commiffion in any other capacity whatfe-ever, except that of mejfengcr.

So help me God.

VIIt. And whereas great inconveniencies have ariferi to creditors living out of this kingdom, and who have applied for commiflions of bankruptcy: be it enafted by-the authority aforefaid, that an affidavn; oi folemn affiwnation of any creditor, not redding in this kingdom, being made before the magiftrate of the city, town, or place, and certified by ond or more notary publicks where the creditor fives, of the amount of his or her debt, and that tranfmitted to Ireland, and exhibited to the lord chancellor, lord keeper, dr com-miffioners of the great feal, and fuch creditor procuring one or more fufficient perfon or perfons to execute a Bond to the ford chancellor, lord keeper, or commiffioners of the great feal for the time being, as in the former aft is reguired for petitioning creditors, and that thereupon and in fuch cafes the lord chancellor, or lord keeper, or commiffioners of tfid great feal of Ireland for the time being, lhall have full pofftr to ifiue a commiffion of bankruptcy.

IX.	And whereas great inconveniencies may arife from members of the houfe of commons, againlt whom commit-fions of bankruptcy may hereafter iffue and" be awarded, continuing to hold their feats in parliament: be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, that in all cafes where a commiffion of bankruptcy lhall iflue and be awarded again ft any fuch member or members, and (hall not be fuperfeded within fir months from the time of ifluing thereof, and the credf* tors proving their debts under the lame ffiall not be paid or fatisfied to the full amount thereof, under the faidrommiffionf within fix months after the ifluing of fuch commiffion or otherwife, with refpeft to fuch of the debts, (if an/) as ffiall be difputed by fuch bankrupt or bankrupts, he or the/ ffiall not within the time aforefaid enter into a bond or bonds in fuch fum and fums, and with two fufficient furs-ties, as the faid commiffioncrs or the major part of them ffiaU

appron

i

Digitized by v^ooQle

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of (Seorge 111. appro Ye of, to pay fuch fum or films as fhalfbe r-cjycrcd ot cflabl ifhed in any a&ion, fait, or other proceeding in lawgr equity, concerning fuch debt or debts, together with fych cofts. as fhall be given in the fame, that then the commiflioners, or the major part of them named in fuch com niflioij, .fhall,. and they are hereby required, immediately after the expiration of fix months from the ifluing of the faid commiflion, to certify to the fpeaker of tht houfe of commons, that fuch commiflion had iflued, and was not fuperfederd within the time aforefaid; and that the creditors proving their debts ■under the faid commiflion were not paid or fatisfied to the full amount thereof under the faid commiflion within fix months from the time of ifluing theteof j and that fuch bond «ir bonds as herein before mentioned had not been entered, into within that time, with refpe& to fuch of the debts, if any, as the bankrupt or bankrupts fhall difpute, and thereupon the feat of fuch bankrupt, or bankrupts fhall be confidered vacant in all refpe&s, and the fpeaker fhall iflue his writ or writs to ele& a member or members to ferve in parliament in the place of fuch bankrupt or bankrupts; and fuch bankrupt or bankrupts, or any perfon againfl whom a commif-fion of bankruptcy fhall iflue, fhall from thenceforth be rerir dered incapable of being elected to ervef in parliament, until his or their creditors fhall be paid or fatisfied the full amount of their feveral debts claimed and proved under the feveral commiflions of bankruptcy, as fhall iflue againfl them.

X.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

that the commiflioners already appointed or hereafter to be appointed by his Majefty for hearing caufe9 in the court of chancery in this kingdom in the abfence of the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commiflioners for the cuflody of the great feal, or any two or more of them, fhall and may hear and determine all petitions and . motions in cafes of bankrupts, and make all fuch orders and directions from time to time in all matters and things touching and refpeCt- ■ ing the bankrupt law3 in the abfence or ficknefs of the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commiflioners for the cuf*, tody of the great feal for the time being ; and in all cafes where the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or brds commiffion-ers for the cuftody of the great feal for the time being, fhall or may be in any wife interefted, as fully and effedually as the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commiflioners for the cuftody of the great feal might, may, or could do, if prefeat or i» no wife interefted ,therein. . * ^	:

XI.	And whereas great inconyeniencies have arifcn to the commerce of this country from mercantile companies not having fet forth in their invoices, bills of parcels', promiflbry notes, and cuftom houfe entries, the particular perfons of whom fuch companies or partnerfhips confifts: therefore be

Vol. VI.	K	k	it

A, D,; '■ -177^80.*

• Chap.

CcmmiCioo*. ». ers in abfence of lord clian-tellor, may hear and determine motions and petitions, in cafes of bankrupt v.

Mercantile' comp-mies or partncrfliips, fhall let forth in invoices, notes and cn« tries, &c.

Digitized by Google

This a&, and 11	**

G. y c.8. and 17 and l8 G. $• c aS. continued 2 year* f on\

«4 June 17 So, ami co end of ft (lion

'l q 24 June 1-9*, *c. 30 G. 3. e.45 f. 13. Amended zb Q. 3- f. 54-

Tit mneteefdb and twentieth Tear,1 of George III. it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, that all n*r* canlile companies. qi partneifhips (hill from and after the pafiing cf this a& fet forth in their feveral invoices, biQs of parcels, p»omiITory notes, and cuftom-houfc entries, the names of the feveral individuals, of which fuch partnerth'[ or company doth conftft.

XII And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, that this a&, and the faid recited act of the eleventh and twdftL years x>£ his prefent Majefty, and alfo an a&, entitled, An a8 to prevent frauds committed by bankrupts who do as/ Lu regular books of account, and the feveral provisions thereby made, (hall continue and be in force for die fpace of two years from the twenty-fourth day of June one tfcoufand feven hundred and eighty, and from thence to the cod of the then next feflian of parliament, and no longer.

CHAP. XXVI.

An a9 for amending the ads of the feeond and eighth years of fhe reign of his late Majefiy king George thefirjt9 and of the JirJl year of bis late Majefiy king George the feeond, fir recovery of fmall debts in a fummary zvay bp civil biff9 as far as they relate to the county of Dublin,

s G t. c 1 r. X Th T’HISR-EAS under the a&s of the feeond and eighth 8O.1 c. 6.	j[\	y*31*8	°f	the rei^n of his late Majefty king George

1 G a. c. 14. the firft, and in the firft year pf his late Majefiy king George xcarted,	the feeond, for recovery of fmall debts in a fummaty way,

by civil J)ill, fuch of his hfajefty’s judges, or opuvll learned ia the law, who flaould with the juftices of npee for tht county of Dublin held the general mnrter feflions of the peace for the county of Dublin,	are empowered

at tjit faid feflions to hear and deterrmne certain caufes cf r	action	for	?mal1	debts and damages in laid a£ts mentioned, as

judges of aflize were by (aid aas empowered to hear and determine the fame, and with like benefit of appeal for parties thiuk.i^g themfelvcs aggrieved by any decree or dtfinrfs at faid feflions, as was given by faid a&s from the decrees or dilmifits of faid judge or judges of affize: and whereas Trader faid ads fuch appeals could only be and were ufusDy brought from any one of faid feflions to the next, which hath often been the occasion of depriving perfoos appealing froa the decrees and difmifies at faid feflions under laid a£b cf the true benefit of appeal according to the imeodment of law* ip W much as the feme judge or council leaff»«d in the law of his jlaiefty having of late time continued fbr years fucceffively with the faid juftices to prefide at faid fernra, and to hear and determine liich fuits and appe^fe, fo that the fame judge hath frequently fince the making faid ads heard and determined, ana doth ufyafty hear and determine, fuefe

appen

Digitized by

Google

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears tf Geof^e TIL	f*$

appeals brought from Iris own decrees and difmifTes, which	A. D*

\md of proceeding is COnttiry to thfe ntftufe and (birft of ab-	* ? 79^80.

peal: for remedy thereof b* it Cfiafted1 by the kirtjfs Chap. 26. tnoft excellent hfajefty by knd with the advice and cOnfedk v* •¥*****/ of the lords fpiritual and temporal and Cohuftoiis Ift this pff-v feat parliament affemblcd, and by the authority of the fdntts, tbit from and after the firft day of Auguft one thdulhna fcvCn hundred and eighty fo much of faid ads, as refpeA the right Or thinner of bringing appeals froih decrees, dlf-fftifles, of orders of the faid court of general Ouartor fefliona tinder faid sfti, (hall be repealed, aha that from and after that day it (hall and may be lawful fof any perfoh or ber-?ohs, that (hall think him, her, or therfifelves aggrieved by any decree, difmifs, or order, that (hall after tha^ time be made Or pronounced at the faid general ^barter feffions Of the peace under or by virtue of faid&fts, dr any of them, td appeal from the fame to the ftrief jaftiee of his Maiefty's Oourt of king's bench or common pfeas, or to the chief baron of his Majefty’s court of excheouer, or other juftice of wfiprint in faid court® at their refoeftivC fittings dtifiptht for the city of Dublin, after the Eafter or Michaelmas term heat following the pronouncing fuch decree, difthifs. or order, in (rich and the fame manner, and under fuch fees, regulations, reftri&ioits, and dire&ofiis, 19 in the ad of the thirty-fort year of our faid late king George the freond with as in 3* o. ^ ftfytfk to appeals, brought ot fued from the decree or diftmft «• »*.

Of the recorder of faid city of Dublin, is ordered and dfre& ed; and the (kid chief jufoces and chief baron, or ot her jut tices of mppriut for the (hid city, are hereby empowered ^nd required at their (kid fittings, which for this purport; they may hold in their relative courts, or kny other eonvthiedi btace in the feid city or liberties thereof and may continue py adjournments as to them (hall feeffi expedient, to hear and determine the (kid appeals under fuch regulations, with tath fees and powers, and in fuch and the uke manner, as by the (kid recited ads are limited, provided, And appointed for appeals to the next going judges of aiflze.

t H A f. XXftt

An a8 to prevent the infUSian of the pvnijbment of whipping tinder On ati fAjJed in the etevfltfh ini twelfth gittrt of ins fPefeM Majejiy, entitled, Ait a& fbt the fegiiuUioh tf ihk city of Corky and for other purpofes thtffifl itieniiofitd ftbaffoi td the faid cityf without jiril having the perfon% on whom fteh pumjhftunt jh&tt be trijlialdy toitviSei hy a jury,

WHfelUsAS by an aft made in the eleventh and ttandta twelfth yaw of his pfefcnt Majefty's reign, entitled, °* *• «•

K k 2	At

Digitized by

Gc ^Ie

5-1

■ A. D.

1779-S0.

Ciuip.

Perfons

furnruoiud fail-irrg to attend or fcrve without law/ul c*cufe, Ac.

Appeal to next fellioiM,

Said fines to work-huofe.

Juryman’* 09 th.

The nineUcnfh and twentieth Tears if George IIL /in oQ f or the better regulation of the city of Corh9 and for . other futpo/ls therein mentioned relative to the ^ faid city, pow -r is given to the mayor or any one juft ice of the peace of the . faiil city to oulcr the perfons convifted of the offences therein ny/utiooi d to be publickly whipped : be it enafted by the kind’s moft ex'-elkut-Majefty by and with the advice and content of the lords (piritual and temporal and commons in this prefent. Parliament affembkd, and by the authority of the fame. That before any fuch • order fhaU be made, the fttid rr.uy v and ji.flice of the peace /ball fummon or caufe tq be fumrr ' .cikby order under the hand and fcal of fuch mayor or juft ice, a jury, of the inhabitants of the (aid city fur _ the trial of eveiy fuch offender; and unlefs fuch offender ftnll lie convjfted by the faid jury, that no order lhall be inade for whipping fuch offender.

II. And be it enafted by the authority afgrefaid, That if any of the perfons fq fummoned to attend on the laid jury fhall fail to attend at the time and place mentioned in the faid fummons, or to ferve on the faid jury, without having a la\yful excufe, that then and in every fuch cafe it fhaU and pi ay be lawful t6 and for the faid mayor or juiUcc of the peace, who has ifTued fuch fummons, upon oath made before him, that fuch perfon has been perfonally ferved with the faid fummons twenty-four hours before the hour appointed for the faid trial, to fine the faid inhabitant fo fummoned and failing as aforefaid, in any fum not exceeding forty (hillings, and- to commit the faid perfon to the gaol 0/ the faid cityr ’till fuch fine fhall be paick

IIL Provided always, That the perfon fo fined may appeal to the next quarter fdjions to be held for the county of the laid city; and that in the mean time there lhall be no proceedings on the faid fines.

IV.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid fines lhall be paid over to the ufe of the workhoufe of the faid city.

V.	^ And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That every perfon ferving on the faid jury lhall take, the following oath ; which oath tfie faid mayor or iuftice of the peace is hereby empowered and required tolpminif-tcr.

1 A. B. do fwear, that I will well and truly try the matters, thqi jhall be given rrte in charge, and true verdict give according to the evidence.

So help me God* VI. Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority aforefaid/ That nothing herein contained fhaH extend to arty order to be- made for any other pimifhment to be infiifted-under the faid recited aft, fave what relates to the Aid pu-nifhme.it of whipping;

'	‘	*	‘chap.

m -

Digitized by

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of' George 111.	5r	^

.	A. D.

*	,	CHAP.	XXIX.	1779-60*

An A3 for niit urn lining fitch Foreign Merchants, Traders j Artificers, Artisans, Mcin\ifaSurers,' IVor I men, Stamen,

• Farmers,* and others, as fkcll fetlld in this Kingdom.

WHEREAS the increafe of people is a means of advancing the wealth and ftrength of any nation*: and whereas many foreigners and flrangcrs, from the lenity of bur government, the benefit of our laws, the advantages of oUr trade, the feenrity of our property, and from the confederation of the plentifiilnefs of all forts of ufeful and profitable commodities With which this your Majefty's kingdom of Ireland abounds, might be induced to fettle in this kingdom, if they were made partakers of the advantages and pri-vileges^ which the natural horn fubjedts of this realm do enjoy : be it ena&ed by the Ring’s mod excellent Majefly by and with the advice and confent of the lords, fpiritual. ar.d temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament .afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the From ill firft day of September next, all foreign merchants, traders, j^P*- mxt aI* artificers, artizans, inanufadlurers, workmen, feamen, far- ^ho^ttrle rpers, and others, who fliall tranfport him, her, or them- hetc,and fplvea to fettle in any part of this kingdom, ihall after his, take follow-her, or their arrival within this kingdom, and after his, her, *,ath or their taking the following oath (or affirmation,- if a qua- aslicrcii?1 ***** ker) tjefore the,chief magiftrate of any city or town corpo-tfate in this kingdom, for the time being, who 13 hereby authorized to adminifter the faid oath, and thereupon to certify his, her, or their doing thereof, unto his Majefty^high court of Chancery, there to remain on record* Ihnll be deemed, adjudged, and reputed liege, free, and natural fub-! jeft or-fubjeds of this kingdom, in every refped, condition, „ and.degree, to all intents, coriftru&ions, and purpqfcs, as if , he, *fhe, or they had been or were born within this kingdom j any law or datute to the contrary notwithftanding, whilfi hs, fhe,. or they (hall refide within this kingdom, vis. ■* -

- 1 *	•	do	take	Almighty	God	to	nvitnrfs; That

I *uiill he faithful and hear true allegiance to otr mofl gracious Sovereign Lord King George, the* third, and him will defend	'

to the utmof of my power againfi* all -con/piracies and at temps whatever, that jhali he spade againfi his perjen, xrown, /vflh dignityj and . 7 will do my utnojl endea vour so difctvf and make known to his Majefly, and his heirs, all treafhns and iralter out confpiracies,, which may be formed againf hint or th:m ; and [do faithfully pro'nfe to maintain, fup port and defend, to the utrr.ofl of my power the fucceffon ej the crown in his

Majefly* S

Not to fir rye in parfomeat, fcc.

Diflnrhanee to faid ftrfoBi in working, boytog, or filing, ptnatxj *d»

Th mndtemih	yf	Gnf! III.

family againft assy perfon wbatfoever; hereby utterly renouncing and atyuriifg any obedience or allegiance unto the ptrfon taking upon himfolf the file and title of Pritfco of IValis in the l\fttim of bis father* aad nvho fosm. his dwb isfotid #f have gfuotfd the ft\l» e&d title ^ King of Great Britain and Inland U the nafue of Qb&Us the third* and to any other perfon claiming or pretending a right to the nonun of thefo realms; and 1 do fysear* that 1 do ryed and 4'tcft as impious to believe* that it is lawful to murder or de/lroj any perfon vsbatfoever for or under pretence of being U bereftek ; and alfo that impious principle* that no faith is to he kett with herd irks • and I further declare* that it is no article of my faith* and that 1 do renounce* reject and abjure the ofinb on* that princes excommunicated by the pope and council, or by any authority of the fee of Rome* or by any authority vohafri ever* may be deppfed or murdered by their fubjeds* or by any perfon •whatfoever; and I do fromife* that 1 will not hold* maintain* or ahej* any foch opinion* or any other opinion* eon-trary to nvbat is txprtjfod in this declaration; and I do dt-date* that 1 do not believe* that the pofe of Rome, or epty other foreign prince, prelate* ftate* or potentate hath or ouqhf to have any temporal or eh/tl jearifidkion* power* Jhpestortty* or yxt emineneo* dire&ty* or hcdireftly* •within this hiegeom ; and J do fohmniy in the prefonco of God Almighty * profifs* tefoijj* rood declare* that 1 do make this declaration* and every part thereof* in the plain and ordinary fonfe of tho voords ofthie Oath* without assy eva/Soa* ofutvoeatien* or mental reformation whatever, and without any difoenfotion already graatod by the pope* or aery authority of the foe. of Rome* or assy pftfo* whatever ; and without tbaokong that 1 am or tarn hoi acymitted kept re God or mao, an abfokmd of this declarations , or maypeest thereof* alpbytgh the pope* or any other perfon or authority nvbsufoever JhaJJ IfPenfs with or aomal the fame, or declare that it wot mdl. and void farm the beginning.

SoMpmGad

II. Provided alwstyt, th»t no perfon naturali«#d tep tkia aQ, tliall be enabl'd tp forvf in the pcafoul, or any war parKapwut, npr to be of hi# MajeftyY pmy qmmnpI* tp KoW any ofli^e pf t^ft, ebrfi or wBiury in tbit

dom.

Iff* And bp it enn£Ud by the authority aforefaid, Tte in cafe any perfpq or perfon* feaU give any interrufiinman diftarbagee tp any merchant, trader, artyfeW, arUmtp* wn* nufa&urer, workman, feaman, farmer, or, other? AwH J* the hindering him in hi* working, buying or failing at aforefaid, contrary to the intent and meaning of tbi# pfcfeft a&, every fiiph perfon or perfon* Hiatt for every foob tiih* forfeit thp fum of twenty pound*, to W recovered by ewa-plaint before any juft ice of the peace of tbi* kingdom, (i^*

Digitized

id by Google

.

(r •	«y*

- '

The rnteUenth and twentieth tears c^Oforge lit is hereby empowered to examine and determine the fame') on the path of one or more credible witnefs or iritfleffcs, which penalty (hall be paid over, one moiety to the informer, and the other to the poor of the parifh where fuch offence (hall be committed, and to be levied by warrant under the band and fed of fueh magiftrate* and by f&Ie of the offender's good?.

IV. And for the greater encouragement of Grangers to

Stub ftrarv*

come and refide in this kingdom, be i: eoecttd by the autho- f'Xi frcct* rity afbrefaid, that all filch Grangers who (hall come* and fettle* in any Corporatioir, town, city, or borough in this offices 7 years/ kingdom, (hall be freed from being obliged to Undergo any corporation or parifh* offices, for the term ’ of feven years after their coming into this kingdom.

C H AP; XX3C,

An ^3 for the relief of tenants bolding irtZkr leafts for lives Containing covenants far perpetud renewals*

' HEREA8'great' parts* of the land* "in this king- Lands held dora are held under lemfes for lives with covenants for perpetual renewals orpon payment of certain firics at the nevvafcle on* times therein refpeftively menrioned<fotcachrenewal x and payment of whereas from various accidents and caufes fuch tenants, and »ncS 4‘ btrsin. thofc deriving under, them, have frequently neglected tb pay or tender fuch fines within the times prescribed by fuch covenants after the fall of fuch lives, refpe&ively: and where-as-many fueh leafes are fettled to make provifion for families and creditors, raoft, of whonr muft be utterly rut ed, if advantage (hall be taken of fuch negle&s, which will occafi-on much confufion and?diDrefs3rt the kingdom : and whero-aa it has been for a long time-a received opinion in thia kftogd iom, to* whieh fomc deciftone^n ’ courts of equity and dackrations of jpd^er. have given countenance, that Courts of equity^ wouldin fuch cafes relieve againft the lapfe of thnfc upon givkjg an adequate compensation to the perfons, to whom fuchfincs. were payable,. or their representatives: arid to the end that fuch. ioterefti may not be debated by a mem negieft, whdremo fraud appears to have been intended, upon nwjttag.i full faris&dioa to the leffors, or thofc deriving under them 5 be it declared and ena&ed by. the King's moft excellent Majefty, by.aod with the advice and coofent of thb lords spiritual and lemporaland commons in this prerent Parliament aflerahled, and by. the. authority of the fame, that * courts of equity upon an adequate compeaffitipn being made (hall relieve fueh tenants and their affigoe again G fuch lipft of rime, if no ctrcuroftance of fraud be proyed agamfhfoch tenants or their afligna; uulefs if fhall be proved to the fa-

- tisfa&iofi

"... ••♦/ ,

Digitized by

Google

!f ^i.T;cn’t to -'rlitt• vn tenant , <^c-

pi?.mi or* tit-

as herein

N^t toaffcA jvt’r-roenr or decree gtvtfl,

A. C.

The nineteenth and twentieth Tearj of George JIT. tisfaftion of fuch courts, that the landlords orJettors, or .perfftns entitled to receive fuch fines, had demanded fuch fines from fuch tenants or their afiigns, and that the fame had been refufed cr neglc&ed to be paid within a reatfonablc •time after fitch demand.

II.	Provided always, and be it ena&cd by the authority afotefaid, that in cafe the landlord fhall find any difficultyin diferwering his tenant or the afngnee of fuch tenant, fo as to make a demand on fuch tenant or afiignee, that then and in ev ery fuch cafe a demand made of the laid fine on the lands from the principal occupier of the fame, together whh a notice of fuch demand, to be inferted for the fpace of two months in the London and Dublin Gazettes, fhall be con-fidcrcd to all intents and purpofes a demand within this ad.

III.	Provided always,, and be it cna&cd by the authority afoTefaid* That nothing herein contained fhall in any fort rnTcd iny judgment or decree already given or made, or any fuit commenced before the fifteenth day of May one thousand feven hundred and eighty, and now depending for the recovery of tb*. pofleffion of any manors, mettuages, lands, .tenements, or hereditaments on account of any leafe or leafej

not having .been renewed according to the covenants for perpetual renewals therein contained.

• CHAP. XXXII.

An afi for amending and explaining the federal laws modern this kingdom for carrying on the Lagan navigation,

TT THE REAS by an *& patted m the twenty-feventh year of the reign of his late M^efty king-Gcoige the fecond of glorious memory, certain duties, rates, and im-pofitions were granted to his faid lat$ Maieily, his heirs and fucceffors for a certain term therein fpecified, (to wit) an additional duty of excife .of.one,penny by the gallon over and above the duties then payable to his Majefly upon every gallon of beer or ale that was above the price of fix Shillings .each barrel, brewed within that part^pf the	ofLif-

burn, commonly known and diftinguifhed by thi Gauger's v/alks of Btlfaft, Lifburn, Moira, and Hill (borough, by the common brewer, or in his vetteh, or by any perfon or perfons who fhould vend the fame by retail, to be paid by fuch common brewer, or l>v fuch other peefon or perfem .who mould brav the fame to fell .by-retail, • »s-alfo one penny ‘additional duty on. every gallon of the like beer and ale whichlhbujd.be brewed In any other walk .or diftnfit, and

which

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George III.	521

which fhould be brought into the faid walks or any of them A. D. for fale, the faid additional duties to be paid by the perfori 1779.80. *or perfons who fhould fo bring io and vend the fame; and * Chap. 32.. alfo an additional duty of four pence by the gallon; and pro- V— portiohably for any lefTer quantity, over and above the du- ' tics of excife before payable to his Majefty on every gallon of aquavita, ftroi.g waters, fpirits, made or dillilled within the faid walks for fale, or that fhould be made or dillilled in . any other part of this kingdom ahd brought into the faid walks or any of them to be therein' vended by retail: and ft was provided by the faid aft, that fuch additional duties (hould be repaid, in cafe apy beer, ale,’ aquavit*, ftrong waters, or fpirits, for which the faid additional duties fHoula or ought to be -paid as aforefaid, fhould be within twelve months, after the faid additional duties fhould be fo paid, exported out of this kingdom, or carried oilt of the faid ‘walks to any other part of this kingdom; and it was thereby enafted, that the faid additional duties, as they'fhould additional*

_ from time to time be brought into the receipt of his Majef- duties grant-ty'a exchequer, fhould be paid over to the corporation for cd, promoting and carrying on an inland navigation in this kingdom, to be laid out and expended by them or their order in making the faid river Lagan navigable, and opening a paf-fage by water between Loughneagh and the faid town of Belfafl: and whereas by an aftpaffcd in the third year of the reign of his prefent mofl gracious Majefty king George the third, the faid recited aft was amended and continued for amended a certain term fpecified in the faid aft of the third year of and continued, j^is prefent Majefty in and throughout fuch part of the 3	3*	£•

gauger's walks of Belfaft, Lifbum, Moira, and Hillfbo-rough within the faid diftrift of Lifbum, as are not part and parcel of the manors of Hilifborough, KOwarlin, Caftle-feagh and Slatneals : and whereas by an aft palled in the gn<ji,y fI eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of his prefent Ma- and g. 3. jeftv the faid two former afts were amended, and the faid c. a6. continued additional duties granted by the faid aft of the twenty- 9 year* from ferenth year of the reign of his late Majefty King George fn5cludfrig ma-the fccond were further granted and continued for nine nor« excepted ia year* from the twenty-fifth day of December one thoufand 3 G. 3.C. 6. feven hundred and feventy-three in and throughout that part of the diftrift of Lifburn, commonly known and diftinguifhed by the gauger's walks of Belfaft, Lifburn,

Moira, and Hilifborough, including fuch part or parcels

oft the manors of Hilifborough, Kilwarlin, Cafttereagh,

and Slatneals, as	was or were excepted	in the faid- aft

of the third year	of his prefent N^jefty: and whereas faid3a<S»

fcy an aa paffed it, the thirteenth and	fourteenth years

of the reign- of	his prefent Majefty	the laid three by an<j Gm

former 3. c. 1a.

Digitized by

* *	T&inipftc&b^juLtmpnfali Ttmu ^George Iff.

^ D.	former ads wet* apitaodcdt* and Ike {kid additional Af

rl^	tlc<	by lhc ^ ad of thy twenty feventh year

^*P» 3?* the reJgn of hi late Majelly king Gforge the hwoad were further granted and contimjpd for the term of thirty two years f/om the twenty fifth day of December oac thoo* fand ftven hundred and eighty two*, in and'duougboi* that part of th*diihid of D'ifcucn commonly known4 and oiiUa-guiffied by the auger’s walks of IJelfait, t^bam, Moira* and hJilHborouflHb, including fuch parts or parcels of the mar nor* of Kilwarun, Caftlercag/i, and Slatncakr a* were contained. in the faid aift of the twenty fevonth year o£ the reign cewmiflinn. £ hidjttMajrfty king CW the fcqoni but •r* enabled to w	°£	*“*1	«*V	ppcfcofc	MUjefty; and ike

borrow tooool. perfona* appointed or to be appointed local comBvIlkuwri for promoting and carrying, on api inland navigation in Ireland, were hy the £uda£f of the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his prefent Majeffcy enabled ta hQH»,w any font or hunt of money* not exocediqgin the-whole, the ftu* of sea thoufand pounds* for the pprj»£e of carrying on the laid L^gan navigation, to be, fccared in. manner as bytbc (aid feidfooeol. ad iadiredca : and wheneaa the, faid fuw^of ten thoufad inpeaded on pounds together with, the produce of the. faid.duties, raftea» navigation, awj jmpofaions haye fipce the pjjffing of/ the {aid lad mem tinned ad been expended, op. the f«idr navigation $ but it-ap* pears* that faid fcvcral fums ane far frpm being] fufficiest tv coropleat the laid undertaking, and that a. very cofifidoaM* perfomwil- additional fum will be. nccefTary for that purpofc: and where* ling to advance a* the right honourable Arthur earl'of Qo?eg?V thf right ynoney ihould honourable Wills earl of HilUboiough,, tho right h^nomnW> Fnwcfi«*rl of .Hertford, theirigfct h<*o»#l& Jflhnc»d>of in’tereft u' Moira, the right reverend Jame»4«rd bi(hop of: Qqw» a«4 5 percent. ta. Connor, amd T***raL other peefons,,are wiUipgt tq *inan and pfiy oonfiderable. f*ma of money tmard»>ca&fh$ai^ the £aid work: it becomes, therefore- proper and. expedient* that they fbould hare foipe. adipate conipgn&tjov and ftw-rhy.for the fum#> thfy. fhalifa advance and pay, and* tlgfc they fhould- have thoproduqc of the faid(addjpowl dyfrefc and alfo. of the tolls or lockage payable, and-to h^ paid non , the faid navigation* uptyl thereby or by.fogw otbnr.nweik not only the luma which have already> been bor/Qmad* ibH alfo fuch further fum and fuwpt of money, n*,fhaft bj.yistt* of this prefent	be ^dvanerdand applied h»r thpefgyjg&l

aforefaid, and the. accruing, inpereft. thereof aftpr-thc-rsff of five pounds for the hundred yeacly, be*A4yp»4<)Giftel Satisfied.: therefore bq it enabled by the king’s; mpfccx^k lent Majefty by antjlikh thc^dvi^c^nd coftfenl of rth% krit fpixicualaod temporanind commopsip thip ppofent pj||jfteKf> affemhleth and by the anthoutyof th^fafp^ that ingpriS after this prefent ad (hall pais into a lawj the laid

Arthur

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George III. Arthur earl of Donegal, WilU earl of HHHborough, Francis e$url of Hertford, John earl of Moira, James lord bifhop of Down and Connor, and their executors, adminiflratdta, and ^filgns, having a property in the dock of the company, and r>ot othcrwife, and alfo fuch other pcrfoa or perfons as have heretofore become fubfciibcrs in pursuance of the faid former ads, or any of them, for carrying on the faid navigation, 2|nd alfo fuch perfon and perfons as (hall hereafter under and hy virtue of this ad advance and pay any fum or fums of" money for carrying on the faid navigation, and the executors, adminiftratots, and aiSgns of luch perfons having no before mentioned a property in the flock of the faid company, and not otherwise, (hall be united and crefted into one company fqr carrying on the faid navigation, and (hall be thenceforth one body politick and corporate by the name O^ the company of undertakers of the Lagan navigation, and (hall have perpetual fuoceiflon during the continuance of this aft, and a common feal, and by that name may fue and be fued, and (hall thenceforth be capable in law to purchafe and take mefluages, land?, tenements, opd hereditaments, not exceeding the value of five hundred pounds a year at the time of (uch purchase, and gr?nt, alien, denvife, or difpofc of the fame, or any part thereof^ at their free will and pleafure, and that the faid company (hall thenceforth by virtue of this aft he fiflly impowered by themfelvos, their agents, overfeerp, workmen and fervants to carry on and compleat the (aid navigation, canal, and communication between Doqghneqgh and the faid tow of B«tfa& through Blair is to Spencer’s Bridge, and Crons thence to Lough-neagh, and alfo. if thfy Audi think proper at any time or times, after the (rid paflage between Xooghueagh and the town of Bclfaft flmU he opened, during the continuance of this aft to make and carry (jtych part of the (aid navigation as talk bee* already mads out of the hod of the river by a canal oc cut, or by fuch other ways and. mean* as to them (hall frem proper; and that the (aid company (hall in. Uke tpawr W impowered, and they are hereby impowevedt to ^pen all river*, and to make all fuch outlets, off branches, OMtfc and navigations, tranches, paflages, aquedufts, bridges, weirs, a« may by fuch company be Judged ncccflary for carrying on? the (aid works, or far fupplymg the ftid ca-uals and navigations with water.

Q. And be it eaaftedhy the authority aforriaid, that it (hall and stay he lawful tp, and far the (aid company from time to time, as occafion (hall rtqnipo, to aflerabk in the -Sown of Bclfaft, or tft the* towns of Ldhum, Hfllihorpugh, Moira, or Lurgan, qt in any of them, and from time to time to adjourxi fuch affemblies, and at luch affemblies or adjournments thereof to make fuch bye-laws or orders for the better

To affcmble in BiUaft, &c.



Digitized by v^ooQle

Not eotitrafy to law,

approved of by lord chancellor, Ac.

8 days notice of mct-ting.

Complaint in 6 montiis ro quarter kffions, &C.

Pay menu under fail deemed joint fax*.

The nmfteenth and tevmtutb Tears bf George III. ter government of their affairs and of their members, and for making fuch contra^s and freemen tk, and ascertaining the tolls and lockage to be paid on the faid navigation, and for appointing fuch fervants and perfons for carrying on the laid riavigation, as they fhall thick fit, and to vary or repeal facb bye laws, rules, and orders, and to make new ones for the good and orderly ufing of the laid navigation, and for fettling the wages, and for the well governing the bargemen, watermen, and boatmen, who (hall convey any goods thereon, and to impofe reafonable fiaes and forfeitures upon 4U perfons offending therein, the fard -fines and forfeitures to be levied by fuch ways and means as the company (hall direft, foas no fuch fines fhall exceed five pounds upon any perfon for one offence j and the faid bye-laws being put into Writing under the feal of the faid company fhall be binding on and obferved by all parties, and (hall be fofficient in any court of law or equity to juftify all perfons, who fhall a£l under the fame, or in levying any penalty or forfeiture thereby incurred.

•	III. Provided always, that the faid bye-laws (hall not he

contrary to the laws and ftatutes fc£ this realm, but (hall be approved of by the lord high chancellor of Ireland for the time beiug, the lord chief juftice of the king’s bench for t(je time being, the lord chief juftice of the Common pleas for time being, and the lord chief'baron of the court of exchequer for the time being* or any two of them.	■	i

•	IV. Provided always, that eight days notice at the lead,

including the day of fuch notice and the day of meeting, previous to fiioh fheeting, (hall be givenof the time and place of holding fuch afiemblies for making bye laws in the Betfaft News-Letter, or in fuch other pubtfek newfpaper a®* (nail be agreed on by the faid company. -	-	’	•

V. Provided neverthclefs, that any perfon, who (hall think himfelf aggrieved by any order or judgment in fftuftrancc of any fuch bye law, may complain within fixrhonths tBewce after to the jultices at theqnarter feflione in the county^tvhere-in fuch bye laws (hall be carried into execution* who (hid) in a fnmmary way hear and determine the faid complaint at fuch quarter fefllons •> and, if they feecaufe, may. mitigate or alter fuch fines or forfeitures* -and may order-any; mo^ey to be returned, which (hall have beCn levied or paid in purfu-ance of fitch bye laws, and may alfo order ftfch futthcr-fidiA faftiorf to be made, and give fuch oofts to the puty'injured, fas they fhall judge reafonable.	;	.

•	VI. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, that the feveral fums of money heretofore fubfcribed or paid pur-

•	•	:	fuanl



*

*Thc nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George 111.	525

faant to the (aid recited a£ls of parliament, or any of them, A. D. together with all fuch fums of money as fhall by virtue 1779-80, cf and under this aft be advanced and p^id for the car- Chap. 32. . tying on the faid navigation, (hall be deemed, taken, and confidered to all intents and purpofes as the joint flock of	1

the kid company.

-V1IZ ^d„be it enafled by the authority aforefaid, that no perlon fhall vote at any aflembly 01 laid company, or have Unltf» advene*. any rigkt to intermeddle in apy fort in the affairs of the faid ing or having company, uulefs he or fhe fhall have advanced and paid the u.JJ13 ow“ fum of five hundred pounds fterling at the lead towards car%ri*» 1	'

rying on the Faid navigation, or have in his or her own name and right, or in right of his or her teflator nr inteftate, at lead the fum of five hundred pounds fterling in the ftock of the faid company ; and that every member of the faid company, who fhall have fubferibed and paid, or be five hundred pounds interefted therein as aforefaid, fhall have one vote in all fuch afiVmblies.

VIII.	Provided always, that no perfon fhall be intitled Nonetovot* to vote at any aflembly of the foid company, unlefs at the time .JJJ0x*ittor4l+ z of his voting he is an adlual proprietor in his own right of 500]. ftock, *c. five hundred pounds ftock in faid company, or is folely inte-

refted in the faid (lock to that amount, either in the right of his wife, or as truftee for an infant, or other perfon incapacitated from voting.	..

IX.	And provided alfo, that every member fhall hayc one 1 vote every vote for every five hundred pounds, that he fhall at the as *^ore“ time of fuch vojting be proprietor of, or fojely interefted therein as aforefaid.

X.	And provided alfo, That every member fhall have Proxies may power to appoint a proxy for every vote, he fhall be intitled *PPa“lte^» to under this a& ; and that the refpedlivc members, who fhall fcc#

have a right to vote at fuch aflemblies, may appear either in perfon or by proxy or proxies, appointed by an inftru-ment or inftruments in writing under their refpe£Uve hands and feals, and that the majority of votes at fuch aflemblies fhall determine all matters in queftion ; and if there be an equality of votes that the chairman of fuch affemblies fhall have a cafting vote belides his vote as a member or proxy of a member of the faid company.

XI.	Provided always, that at every fuch aflembly there 5 hiving (hall be prefent at leall five perfons, who fhall have a right right to rote to vote or otherwife fuch afTembly fhall have no power to beprafent. carry into execution any of the powers or authorities hereby

given.	1

XII.	And be it further enafled by the authority afore- Company** faid, that the accounts, tranfa&ions, and proceedings of faid prqceeding* company (frail be fairly and regularly entered in books to be uo<,kc<ii dtp.

kept

I

Digitized by v^ooQle

5*6	The inineteenth and twentieth Yean ef George IIL

■A*. D, kept for that purpofe, to which every perfoa having in his *779**0. 0r her own name and right any (hare in (aid joint (tock, or Chap. 3a. his or her representative or reprefentatives, may have accefc at all reafonable times to infped or copy out.

All Undi, XIII. And be it further enaded by the authority afbre-v<?fted uwh®	that the fevcral lands, tenements, and hereditaments

Sttpbfrtitm, rights, privileges, avid advantages, water courfcs bridges, fluices, drains, locks, weirs, banks, dams, roads, lowing paths, and other ways, which now are veiled in the corporation for promoting and carrying on an inland navigation ta this kingdom, or are now in the pofleffion and enjoyment of the faid corporation for the purpofefe of carryiiur on the (hid navigation between the (aid town of Belfaft and Lough* neagh, and alfo the materials and utenfils which have been provided for carrying on the faid work, together with aB duties, rates, and impotitions whatsoever, payable for or on account of, or in any manner anting from, the laid work, (hall, immediately after this a ft (hall Live palled into a law, be veiled in faid company, and their fucoeffon | and that (aid laid compa* company and their fucceffors (hall, from and after the tine a^or^aj<l be veiled with and (hall hold and enioy all and tiara fri^corpo- gular the powers, privileges, advantages, and authorities, in ration by the all things for the purpoie of carrying on the tied navigation fevcral ads, ftora the faid town of Belfaft to Lourtraeagh aforefaid, with aB the parts, members, and connexions thereof, as are now *’ C* veiled in the (aid corporation by virtue of the fovcral a&s heretofore made in this kingdom or any of them % and that the {aid company (hall and may be ravelled with afl fuch pdwers, as are veiled in the (aid corporation, as by the (aid a&s or any of them are dire&ed, for the valuing any lands, houfes, tenements, and hereditaments, as may be neceflary for Compleating the laid work, and for making fuch wharfs, quays, ftorehoufes, locks, bafons, banks, towing and track ways, and docks, as may be judged by the tiud Company proper for faief work, and alfo, if they (hall think groper, for making a navigable canal from the town of Bd» fall afoiefaid to a place called the Union Locks, fitoate in Blairis aforefiud, independant and out of the bed of the {aid r	nvtr Lagan, or of fuch places and parts of the laid river

as the faid company (hall judge proper and expedient, and that they may be enabled to purebafe and hold fuch lands, houfes, tenements, and hereditaments for the purposes aJove-

foid.

XIV. And be it enafted by the authority aforefoid, that may°t^rnwa- ** (hall and may be lawful for the faid company to take, ter* interfered turn, or draw the waters of fuch rivers, rivulets, and brooks.

by fcW »**[£** ** ***Y be interfered by the faid navigation or any pat thereof, or which rtms contiguous thereto, or which can be * brought to fupply the upper or any other level of the foid navigation, or fo much thereof as they (hall judge necefjjtry.

Digitized by

The nuuUxMfb Mai twcnticnih Y*an George III,	£2j

the laid company staking (atisfa&ion to the proprietors of A* D. a ay mills or bleach greens oofucb brooks, rivers, dreams, or 1779.80. rivulets, that {hall receive any damage thereby, provided Chap. luch mills or bleach greens (hall have been ere&ed before t /y(i the palling of this prefentaA.

XV.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, that Toll for ref-in confideration of the expence and trouble which the faid fel» mvigating company (hall be put to in making and maintaining the faid ™th ^oodi °* navigation, together with the on branches thereof, it (hall a nut*cr‘ and may be lawful to and for the faid company and their fucceflora from time to time and at all times during the con*-

tiunance of this a& to ade, demand, fue for, and receive to the ufe of the -faid company filch rates, tolls, lockage, and duties for every boat, barge, or other vefiel navigating the laid navigation of any part thereof either upwards or down* wards, in which any goods, merchandizes, or awtomodkle^ or any other matter what Carver, (hall be carried, and for each and every paflenger in fuch boat, barge, or other vdf-fel, as the laid cootpany (hall by their by* laws ordain and appoint.

XVI.	And be it eaaAedby the authority aforefaid, that

in -cafe of refufal to pay the laid (evcral duties it fiiafi and	M

way he lawful to and tor the bid company and their fer-vants either to didraia fuch boats, bat-gea, or other vefiek, or the goods therein for the fame, and oTTpofe thereof as is ufhal in cafes of diftrefs, or nonpayment of lent, or to fue for the recovery of the lame by civil bill; and in cafe any dispute ihallarife touching the fum to be paid for every fuch rate, the fame (hall be adjufted by any juftice of the peace of the county, in which fuch dHpute (hall happen, with liberty to either party to appeal from fuch determination to the next going judg£ of aflize for the county wherein fuch dilbotc (hall arifc, whole detcrmix|ation therein Aril be final.

XVII.	And be it enaAed by the authority aforefaid, that out 0r ift of the collector within the (aid diftriot, who (hall collect the fakl dutit* and faid duties, or his fucccflbrs, and die treafurer or clerit of |°l|sJalaric* of the Cud company for the time being, into whofe hands the ^

faid foils (hafi be paid, (hall out of the firft of the (aid du- repairing ties and tolls, which (hall come into their hands, pay the work* fM as friaries of the look keepers, and the nec$flary cxpences of keeping the (aid works in repair, and fhril in the not place £1* € at Lady day and Michaelmas in each year or within fifteen days after the faid (cads rcfpeAively, pay and difeharg* thereout half yearly ril intereft, that (hall be due to the creditors under the (aid recited a&s, or any of them, at the me of five pounds for each ooe himdrcapounds yearly, according to ia fuoh ofd«c ** * (hall appear to fuch cob

Digitized by

and after 20 ▼cars, 500I. toll be applied yearly out of find duties and tolls, to dif-chaige of principxL

Said duties paid by vice treafurer on order figned by 3 member's oi* proxies,

fcid company toil apply re-mainderof duties and tolls to the ufe of laid navigation.

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George III. left or, treafurer, or .clerk* from fuch indorfement as me®** tioned in the faid. aft of the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his prefent Majcfty on the aflignmenfs or debentures, that have been granted purfuant to tnc faid aft, that the fame have been granted ; and (hall in the next place at the feaft days aforefaid, or within fifteen days after the fame refpec-tively, pay and difeharge. thereout half yearly all intereft, that (hill be due to fuch perfons, as (hall advance and pay any fum or foms of money in purfuancc of this aft for carrying on the (aid navigation at the rate aforefaid ; and from and after the expiration of twenty years, to be computed from the faid twenty fifth day of December one thouland feven hundred and feventy three, until which time it is not hereby intended,* that the Taid company (hall be compellahle to pay any part of the principal fums fubfcifbed or to be fubferibed, the faid coileftor and treafurer or clerk refpeftive-ly, after payment of fuch falaries and the neceflary ex-penccs of keeping the faid works in repair as aforefaid* and paving the intereft that fhall be due to the laid, creditors and fubferibers, (hall pay and apply the fum of five hundred pounds yearly and every year out of the faid duties and tolls, together with fo much pf the faid duties and tolls as during faid term of twenty years is to be applied to the payment of the iritereft of the faid, principal fums, but afterwards, as faid principal fums lhaj) be difeharged, will not be wanting for (fee payment of tfcehintereft thereof, tot-th*J difehirge. and payment of" the principal (urns wlricR'-lhaS be then due and owing to. the creditors, who tftvd advanced their money purfuant to the faid recitftl afts, or any of them, or to*the executors, adminiftrators, or affigns of fuch creditors, according to and in the order before mentioned.

XVIII.	And be it enafted by* the authority aforefaid, that the faid additional duties, or fuch part thereof as toll from time to time be brought ipto the receipt of his Ma-jefty’s exchequer, toll be paid over without any fee or deduction by the vice treafurer or receiver general of this kingdom upon an order or draft to be figneariy any three members or proxies, of the faid company for the time being; and that the faid company fhall and may, if the fartie fhall be found neceflary, for the fpace of twenty years to be computed from the twenty fifth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and feventy three, after payment of the falaries to lock keepers, and the ncceffary cxpences of keeping the faid works in repair, and paying all intereft that toll be due to the creditors, who have advanced their money purfuant to the faid former afts, or any of them, according to the priority aforefaid, and alfo all intereft that fhajU be due to the 4	fubferibers^

by Google—-

Tbi nineteenth and twentieth Tears'of George	*■	f

firiifcribers, who (hall advance their money purfuant to this * A#j D. a£t, and not fooner, apply and expend the remainder of (aid 1779-80.', duties and tolls to the purpofes of carrying on the faid na- Chap. 32. vigation ; and from the expiration of the before mentioned term o£ twenty years after payment of falarics to lock keepers, and the necefiary expcnces of keeping the fdid works in repair, and paying all intereft that (hall be due to the creditors, who have advanced their money purfuant t<r the faid former ads, or any of them, according to the prk ority aforefaid, and alfo the intereft that (hall be due to the fubfcribers, who (hall advance their money purfuant to this-a&, and after payment of the yearly fum of five hundred' pounds, and alfo fo much of the faid duties and tolls a^ during the aforefaid term of twenty years is to be applied to the payment of the intereft of' the laid principal fums, but afterwards, as faid principal fums (hall be. difcharged, will not be wanting for payment of the intereft thereof, to the difcharge and payment of the principal fums which (hall be then due and owing to the creditors, who have advanced their money purfuant to the faid former ads, or any of them, according to the order and priority aforefaid ; and after payment thereof, and not fobner, the faid company (frail and may, if the fame (hall be found neceiTary, apply and expend the remainder of the faid duties and tolls in profecu-tron of the faid work, and in paying the principal Turps which (hall be then due to the creditors, who (hall advance their money in purfuance of this ad, in fuch manner as the (aid company (hall think proper.

XIX.	Provided always, that nothing in‘this ad contained Not toprejw* (ball in any fort interfere with or prejudice the demand* of dice creditors any creditor or creditors, who have advanced any fum or un<*er ^ ^ (urns of money on any fecurity or fecurities granted purfuant «t> the faidreoited ads, or any of them, oranyperfon or per-Ions whatfbever, having any claims or demands touching or in any wife concerning the laid navigation.

.< XX. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Sa»d com-that if the (aid company (hall think proper at any time to' borrow money for carrying on the faid works, more than percent, they (hall themfelvcs chufe to fubferibe and advance for that purpofe, it (hall be lawful for the faid company to.take up and borrow upon the credit of the laid works, and tfreif eftate and intereft therein, any fum not exceeding the amount of fo much of the fums to be fubferibed under this: ad, as (hail be adually expended on the faid works, at any rate of intereft not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum9 and * jto (trike-debentures for fuch fum or fums fo borrowed in fuch manner as faid company by their bye laws (hall appoint \

‘which debentures (hall be an adual charge. and lien upon . y*L. VI.	LI	■'	fuch	-

Digitized

by Google

Aflipnmcnt or debenture transferable rndorfemrut or o* her wife, aa herein.

Tntitled to tolls, * e. in proportion to inter cU in joint flock.

T%e:mneUtttA and twentieth Tears of George 111* fuch parts of the (aid company’s eftate, as {hall be therein fpecified.

XXT. Add-be h eni&ed by the authority afore (aid, that the perfon or periods, to whom any affiguraent or arguments, debenture or debentures, hath or have been given and perfected by virtue of the laid foimer a As, or any of them, cnr the executors, adminiftrators, or affigns of fuch perfon or perfon*, to whom any aflignment or alignments, debenture or debentures, (hall be given and perfe&cd by virtue of this a&, or the executors, adminiftrators, or aifigns of fuch perfon or periods, may by indorfement thereon or other-wife, or by will, transfer and difpofc of their right and benefit in and to the fame; and alfo that it (hall and may be lawful for every proprietor of the joint Hock of the (aid company to aflign or bequeath his or her (hare therein, and upon notice given of any transfer of the faid debentures, or of any part of the faid (lock, by alignment, bequeft or other-wife, to the clerk or regifter of the faid company, and aa entry thereof made m the book kept by him of the orders and proceedings of faid company, the endorfee, aflign re, or legatee, his executors, admraiftrators, and affigns (hall be intitlcd to the foie benefit of the fum or fums fb transferred, afligned, or bequeathed ; and that the (aid arguments, debentures, or flock may in like manner be again transferred, -afligned, or dtfpofed of by fuch aifignee or affiguees, or legatee, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, and fo from time to time as often as occafion (hall require ; and that after fuch aflignment made it fhall not be m the power df the perfon or perfons, who (hall make fuch aflignment, to make void, rcleafe, or difeharge the (amc^ or the fum or fums thereby transferred or afligned, or any part thereof; and that every aflignment or bequeft to be made or given of any money due by any of the (aid debentures, dr that (hall hereafter be due or chaigeable upon theproperty of the faid company, or be any part of the joint flock of the faid company, fhall be entered in a book fdr that purpofc, to tie kept at fuch place as fliall be appointed by the (aid company ; and that no aflignment or bojueft (hall be deemed good and cfit&tttd to intitle any perfon to vote in any of the aflemblies of the (hid company, until entry thereof (hall be made in fiich book as afore (aid.

XXII.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefsid, that the faid company, their executors, adminiftrators, and affigns (hall be tntitled to the tolls, dnties, and advantages and profits hereby veiled in them in proportion to their refpee-"wrive interefts in the joint flock of the faid company, as to fuch charges as the faid company fhall think (it to make (br Coropleatiag and prefervitig faid works) and the foO and 3	water

Digitized by Google

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears j>f George III.	531

water of the canal and navigation, together with the banks A. D. thereof, and fuch other portions of ground as the faidcoov *779*80. pany are impowered to acquire by virtue of this a&; and* Chap. 3a. that the-faid proprietor’s intereft therein fhall be deemed and adjudged in all courts of law and equity to be perfbnai, and not real eftate; and that the capital (lock of the faid-company, or the intereft of any particular member therein, * fhall not be liable to any foreign attachment.

XXIII.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid,

that it (hall and may be lawful to and for every fubferiber charge his under the faid former a&a, or any of them, and" every other real eftate for perfon who (hall advance or pay any fum of money under younger chH* and by virtue of this a& towards compleating the faid work, d^<I1, &c* and through whofe lands or ellate the faid navigation or any part thereof now doth or hereafter may pafs and be carried, to charge his real eftate for the ufe of his younger child or children with the payment of fuch Turn and fums of money and other intereft, which he may have in the faid joint ftock, as he (hall affign or bequeath to his heir, any fcttlement or any law, ufage, or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding; it being judged moft fit and proper that the proprietors of eftates, through which the faid navigation does or (hall pafs, (hould have a property and intereft therein.

XXIV.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. Turnpikes on that it (hall and may be lawful for the faid company to ere&

one or more turnpikes upon and acrofs any of the trackways, which now are or (hall be made on either fide of the faid navigation, and to take and receive the following tolls, for which they may diftrain and fell, as is ufual at other turnpikes ; (that is to lay) for every coach, berlin, chariot, or chaife, drawn by fix horfes, one (hilling : for every Coach, berlin, chariot, or chaife, drawn by lefs than fix horfes, and more than one, fixpenqe; for every waggon twov (hillings and fixpence; for every cart, or other carriage with four wheels fixpence; for every chaife with one horfe threepence ; for every car or cart with more than one horfe two-pence ; for every car or cart with one horfe one penny; for every fingle horfe one penny 5 for eveiy drove of oxen, cows, or neat cattle twenty pence by the (core; and for every drove of calves, hogs, (beep, goats, or lambs ten pence by the fcore, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler number.

• XXV. Provided always, that fuch toll (hall be paid only Paid bat Cnee at one gate in any one day ; and that no road, which is once * ^7 4* how publick, (hall be thereby obftru&ed.	one

XXVI.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. Owner’s name that the owner of every velTel or boat above the burthen of and abode of two tons navigating the faid canal or navigation, or any Qf hosts show the off branches thereof, (hall caufe hir, her, or tbeir names 2 toa$

L I 2	and

pointed in ca-j'itaU on each fide, with ton-p8*«, j enalt/ 4°».

^>v?\cr of heat or veffel anlwerahie lor damage.

OhftruAing

other toafs, opening or (hut* tin^ locks &c. penalty not above 40s.

Throwing in rul'O'fh, &c. fined 40&.

* •

I The nineteenth and twentieth Tedrt of George III: and places of abode, and alfo the name of the perfon haring the care of fuch veflel or boat, and his place of abode, 'with the dimenftons or turinage of their refpe&ive boats or y^Tels, to be painted in large capital letters on the upper ■part of the quarter on each fide of fuch veflel or boat, and to be kept qonftantly legible upon the fame ; and (hall caufe the fame fcveral particulars to be entered in a book kept by faid company for that purpnfe; and (hall alfo caufe the faid boat to be numbered as aforefaid ; or in default thereof every fuch owner (hall forfeit the fum of foity {hillings, to be recovered by any perfon who will (be for the fame.

XXVII,	And be it further ena&edby the authority afort-faid, that the owner of every fuch hoat or veflel navigating the faid canal, or any of the off branches thereof, {hall be an-f we t able for any damage or mi fchief, which {hall be done by anv of the, crew or perfona belonging to any fuch boat or veflel to any of the w orks of the faid navigation, or to any of the goods laden in fuch boat or veflel.

XXVIII.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, that if any perfon having the charge or management of any hoat or other veflel, or navigating or working the lame, (hall lay fuch boat or veflel fo as to obftru£t the paffage of other boats or veflels, and fhall not upon requeit immediately remove the fame, or fhall hinder the opening or {hutting of any of the locks, fluices, dams, or pther works of the feud navigation, or if the perfon haviug the care or management of fuch veflel {hall be abfent (unlefs by rtafon .of forac in' evitable accident) from the boat or veflel, to which he belongs, at any time during the courfe of the paffage on the faid canal, cuts, or river, every perfon fo offending fhall for every fuch offence forfeit any fum not exceediug forty {hillings.

. XXXIX. And be it further ena&rd by the authority aforefaid,. that if any perfon (hall wilfully throw any ballafl, fiones, dung, dirt, rubbifh, or clay into the river,canal, or cuts, or into any of the parts of the faid navigation, or (hall without tin; confent of the faid company, or of feme of their officers, lay *any fiones, dung, dirt, mhbifh, brick, lime* timber, os clay on any track, road, or bar.k belonging to the laid capal or nagivation, fuch perfon being thereof coiivi&cA before any juftice of the peace of the county, wherein fuch offence fh^ll be -committed, by the path of one witnefs at the leaft, fuch perfon (hall forfeit to the faid company the fum> of forty Shillings,; and in cafe fuch offender fhall not immediately after convi&ion pay faid fum, he fhall by the 4 warrant of fuch juitice be font to the houfe of corre&ionto be.kept to hard labour for fuch time, as fuch juftice fhall di-reft,. not exceeding three months: and if any perfon (hall keep any raft of timber or boards boating on the faid navi-«	*-..A	.	guio^

ligitizec - Google

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George III.	5$3>

gallon, or any part thereof, without the confent of the fauT A. D. company, fuch perfon being convided thereof before any' 1779-80. jullice of the peace as aforefaid, (hall forfeit the fum of forty Chap. 3X*J> (hillings to the faid company for every fuch offence, and (hall >~**^>r*~*t * alfo make full fatisfadion to the faid company for any damage, that may be done thereby.

XXX.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore- Boats funk,

faid, that if any boat or other vcffel (hall happen to be fuak wcigh*d by in the faid navigation, and the owner and perfon having the	4

Care of her (hall not without lofs of time weigh or draw

up the fame out, of the way of other veffels pafling upon the faid navigation, any agent or fervant of the faid company may caufe fuch boat or veffd to be weighed or drawn up, and detain the fame, until payment be made of all ex-pences, occafioned thereby; and, if fuch payment be not , _ made in four days, (hall caufe fale to be made thereof for re-	...	r

imburfing the faid ex pence or incident charges, and (hall return the overplus, if any there be, to the owner of fuch boat or veffeL

XXXI.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore- Malicioufljr

laid, that if any perfon (hall malicioufly open or caufe to be	l®c^s

Opened any lock, (luice, weir, dam, gate, or water courfe be- *c’ *r Clt 5 * longing to the faid navigation, or (hall fo leave any of the

fame open or running, after any boat or veffd (hall have paffed any lock belonging to the faid navigation, or (hall otherwife malicioufly mifpend or waite the water of the faid navigation, every perfon for fuch offence’ (hall forfeit the fum of three pounds ; and if any perfon ocperfona (hall wib breaking fully and malicioufly break down or damage, or caufe to be ^w|Jlor^jC| broken down or damaged, any of the works, already made fo?}St*treble or which (hall be made for the ufe of the faid navigation^ the repair, all and every perfons fo offenditfg, and being thereof con-vided upon an information or indidment, (hall forfeit to th$ faid company treble the fum neceflary to be laid out in repairing futh damage ; which fum (hall be afcertained by the jury, who (hall try fuch offence ; and the judge, before whom fuch offence (hall be tried, (hall commit fuch offender ■ * c or offenders to the common gaol, till he or they (hall pay to the faid company the fum or fums'fo afcertained; fuch of-	•’	1

fence (hall be laid in the county, in which the fame happened.

XXXII.	Provided always, that the aforefaid ad of the ^ G 2 c ^

twenty feventh year of the reign of his faid late Majefly, 3 o v c. 6 and alfo the faid ads of the third and of the eleventh and n and 12G. twelfth and of the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his	^

prefent Majefty, and every claufe or article in the faid G ^ C I2	*

ads, or any of them, except in fuch particulars or refpeds	continued

as the fame are or may be altered by this prefent ad, (hall favc ab herein.

'; .	’ #	remain

General iiTue suf be pleaded, and fpccial matter in evidence*

The funds charged with payment of damages to Letitia Mw wcJL

yaidby the tMtfurer in 6 fn^nahs after.

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George III.

remain and continue in full force, as if this a& had not been made.

XXXIII* And be it enafted by the authority afordaid, that if any fuit (hall be commenced or profecuted againit any perfon or perfons for any aft, matter, or thing, that fhall be done in purfuance of this aft, fuch perfon may plead the general iffue and give the fpecial matter in evidence; and that this a61 (hall be judged, deemed, and taken as a pub-lick aft, and (hall be judicioufly taken notice of by all

Ses, juft ices, and other perfons whatsoever, without fpe-/ pleading the fame.

XXXIV, And whereas it is ^Hedged, that the truftee* or commiflioncrs, appointed to execute the purpofes of the faid recited ftatutc ot the twenty feventh of the faid late King, in order more effcftually to execute fuch purpofes were obliged during the minority of Mifs Letitia Maxwell to occupy with materials, and make a track road, and a cut through fevetal parts of the lands of Drumbegg in the County of Down, the real eftate of the feid Detitia, and that the faid I«etuia hath not yet received any compenfatioa for the fame ; and for as much as the powers and authorities now remaining in the corporation for carrying on and pro-* footing an inland navigation in Ireland with refpeft to the navigation of the river Lagan will from the time of the puffing this aft be transferred to and veiled in the company hereby incorporated for carrying on and compleating the inland navigation, mentioned in the faid recited ftatute of the twenty feventh of the faid late King ; therefore be it further enafted by the authority aforelaid, that from and immediately after the palling of this aft the funds heretofore and hertby provided for carrying on and compleating the faid navigation fhall become charged and chargeable with the payment of fuch damages (if any) as the laid Letitia Maxwell hath fuftained by the means aforelaid, and foch as may be afTcftcd by a jury, or eftimated by an amicable award or arbitration*

XXXV* And be it further enafted by the authority aforelaid, that fuch fum or Turns of money, as Audi be fo af-fcBed or awarded, (hall be paid to the laid Letitia Maxwell, fier executors, or adminillrators, out of the faid funds by the treafurer to the company or corporation hereby iufti-tuted in fix months, after the feme (hall be fo afteffed 9$ awarded.

CPA?,

Digitized by

CjiQck *.

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George 111.	£35

A. D/

.1779-8°.

CHAP. XXXIV.

A3 to continue and amend an Ad pqffed in fhe fevcnteenth and eighteenth Tears of the Reign of his prefcnt Majefiy, ' intitled, An Ad for the Encouragement of Tillage, and ^ 2£*30 rendering the Carriage of Corn to the City of Dublin left ex- C# *

W HEREAS an aft palled in the feventecnth anS eigh- *7	G-*

teenth yearsof the reign of hisprcfcnt Majefty,entitled,

An A3 for the encouragement of tillage > and rendering the carriage of corn to the city of Dublin left expenfiw, hath been found beneficial to this kingdom : be it enafted by the king’s mofi excellent Majcfly by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority*of the fame, that all and every perCon or perfons, who {hall from and after the palling of this aft import any found mer- >*mP°^rs^f^ chantable wheat, oats, oatmeal, bere or barley, beans, ptas,	by

flour of wheat, or malt made of bere, or barley, of the water coaftways growth and produce of this kingdom, by water coaftways to Dublin, from to the city of Dublin from any port or place to the fouth- thc ward of Dublin, not nearer than Wicklow nor further Jh^on *per-therefrom than the Tufcar, or from any port or place to th^e forming requr-northward of Dublin, not nearer thereto than Drogheda fitCi recciye the nor further therefrom than Carrickfergus, and (hall fell an4/um$ flcrcin' difeharge the fame at the publick markets or places, wheiip . corn or malt is ufually fold in Dublin, (hall upon performing the fevcral requifites herein exprefled reoeive the fum of four pence per hundred weight for each and every hundred	>

weight of fuch wheat, oats, oatmeal, bere, barley, beans,	*•	•

or peafe, and the fum of twelve pence per hundred weight	*

for each and every hundred weight of flour of wheat, and the fum oftwelve pence per hundred weight for each and every hundred weight of malt made of bere and barley imported or brought into Dublin as aforefaid,

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, . Perfons who that all and every perfon and perfons, who (hall from and af-ter the palling this aft import or bring any fuch found mer- Dublin, fouth-ehantable wheat, oats, oatmeal, here, barley, beans, peas, ward of Tuf-flour of wheat, or malt made of bere or barley, of th$	the^"

growth and produce of this kingdom by water coaflways to ^quiSL, (ball the city of Dublin from any port or place fouth ward of the receive the fums Tufcar, and not further therefrom than Cape Gear, or from herein menti-any port or place to the northward or weft ward of Carrickfergus, onc(** and not further therefrom than DoonafF head in the county of Donegall, and (hall fell and difeharge the fame in the pub-Jick markets or places, where fuch grain or flour is ufually

fold

Digitized by v^ooQle

■ From between

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George til. fold it Dublin, (hall in like manner upon performing the fe-▼eral requifites herein ex prefled receive the fum of five pence per hundred weight for each and every hundred weight of fuch wheat, oats, oatmeal, here, barley, beans, or peas, as hlfo the fum of fourteen pence per hundred weight for each and every hundred weight of malt ntade of here or barley, as alfo the fum of fourteen pence per hundred weight for each and every hundred weight of flour of wheat imported or brou^t into Dublin as aforefaid.

—i	III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid,

^iat ^ CYCr7 perfon and perfons, who (hall from and the fiuns herein a^er the palling this ad import or bring any fuch found or Merchantable grain, meal, malt, or flour of the growth and produce of this kingdom by water coaflwayt to the city of Dublin from any port or place to the weftera coaft of this kingdom between Cape Clear in the county of Cork and Doonaff Head in the county of Donegal!, and (hall fell and difeharge the fame in the publick markets or ,	places,	where	fuch	grain,	meal,	malt, or flour are ufuafly

Md in Dublin, (hall in like manner upon performing thefe-▼eral requifites herein exprelTed receive the fum of ten pence per hundred weight for each and every hundtrd weight of fuch wheat, oats, oatmeal, here, barley, beans, or peas; as alfo the fum of eighteen pence per hundred weight for each and every hundred weight of malt made of here and barley, as alfo the fum of eighteen pence per hundred weight for each and every hundred weight of flour of wheat imported or brought into Dublin as aforefaid.

IV.	And whereas a very confidcrable trouble and expence is hnpofed upon the colledor of Dublin port by the (aid ad iri comparing and certifying the original certificates, affidavits, and returns with the copies tranfmitted to him; in taking Affidavits of matters and fadors, and paying bounties, employing clerks, and keeping accounts of fuch payments in the manner direded by the faid ad; in consideration of which be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand fetch hundred and eighty, the colledor of Dublin port for the time being (hall and may dedud for his own ufe from the perfon or perfons, fo entitled to (aid bounty or bounties, at the rate of fix pence out of every pound ftcrling, paid by him in bounty for wheat, beans, peas, oats, bcrc, barley, or flour of wheat, malt or oatmea!, brought coattways to th?

'	city	of publin, aotf that in his abfence his deputy may admi-

nilfer the feveral oaths and take the affidavits piefcribed by jthe faid ad.

V.	Provided always, That the magiftrate (hall not certify

fii*U not certify	fuch	malt, un1e& the perfon making the affidavit, ro-

unlcis affidavit tyiiifcd fur entitling the- QW*er to fuch premium, (haM alfo

fwear,

Dohlin collector may de-duA 6d. per pound pid in bounties. Ire.

The nineteeekhand twentieth Tears of QeorgeTII.	53}

Iwcar, that the faid mak is properly manufa&ured, well fcreen- A. D. ed and cleaned, and that every twelve Hone thereof raeafurea 1779-80. -thirty two gallons Winchefter meafure at the dealt. 4

VI.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Said zSt may . That the faid all may be continued tp the twenty fourth be continued to xlay of June one thoufand feven hundred and eighty four,	*#84-

and to the end of the then next fdfion of Parliament.

CHAP. XXXVI.

yin A8 for regulating the curing and preparing Provi/ions, and for preventing Combinations among the feveral Tradefmen and other Perfons employed in making up fuch Provi/ions ; end for regulating the Butter Trade in the City of Dublin, and for other Purpofes therein mentioned•

•AX^HEREAS notwithftanding the laws now in force * * in this kingdom feveral unlawful combinations are kept up by and amongft the workmen and other perfons em--ployed in and about the flaughtering, curing, and coopering •provifions in the county of the city of Dublin, the libertidl tberednto adjoining, and county of Dublin, by means whereof merchants and other perfons, who have taken publick •contracts for the fupplying hrs Majefty’s forces by fea and land, as well as other perfons engaged in the faid trade, have often found it impra&idable to fulfil the terms of the laid contrails, or to carry on their refpeHive trades and occupa-? t ions, to the great detriment of the landed and commer* cial intereft of this kingdom: for remedy whereof be it ea* ailed by the King’s moll excellent Majefty by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpintual and temporal and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the lame, that from and after the tenth day of Auguft in the year one thoufand* feven hundred and eighty if any perfon or perfons not lawfully authorized lhall fum-mon, or caufe to be fummoned by writing or otherwise any butcher, cooper, falter, journeyman, apprentice, or labourer, or any other perfon or perfons ufually employed in any branch of the faid provifion trade carried on within the county of the city of Dublin, or the liberties thereunto adjoining, or county of Dublin, to appear at any meeting or affembly in order to confult upon or enter into any rule, agreement, aflociation, or combination to afeertain or fix the price of labour or workmanihip, or to make any rule, order, or regulation in any wife refpeHing any branch of the provifion trade, or the perfon or perfons employed, or to be employed therein, or lhall adminiftfcror caufe to be adminif-tcred any oath or declaration to any fuch butcher, cooper, ... -

Unlawfully fummomng perfon* in provifion trade m Dublin, &c. to make any rule to fix price of labour, or ad-miniftcr oath, kc. lord mayor or 1 alderman may iffue warrant to appie-hend.

*	Digitized by Google

53®	nineteenth	and twentieth Yeart %f George IH.

A. P. faker, journeyman, apprentice, or labourer, tending to fix * 779-tto. the price or wages of labour or workmanihip, or to fix up* Chap. 3^. on or make any rule, order, agreement, or regulation what-foever refpeding any branch of fuch trade or the perfm or periods employed therein, or (hall ifftte or caufe to be iflaed, deliver or caufe to be delivered, any menace, mefiage, ticket, certificate, or token other than and except fuch ticket or certificate as (hall or may be delivered by or by the order of the corporation, whereof fuch butcher, cooper, faker, jooraey* man, apprentice, or labourer, of his bang licenced to ad or work at his or their refpedive trade or trades, or (ball make or join in making any ride, order, or agreement or regulation, relating to the prices or wages of labour or workmanfhtp, or in any particular relating to any part or branch of the faid provifion trade, or (ball deliver or caufe to be delivered to any perfon whatsoever any menace, mef-fage, ticket, token, printed advertisement, or writing, containing any rules, regulations, or agreements, or rule, regulation, or agreement entered into or to be entered into by any butcher, cooper, Salter, journeyman, apprentice or labourer, touching or concerning any branch of thflaid trade, or (hall by force, menaces, or otherwife kinder or attempt to hinder any fuch feller, buyer, butcher, cooper, faker. Journeyman, apprentice/ or labourer from ading or working at his or their refpedive trade or trades, occupation or occupations, at fuch price or prices as (hall be afeertained, in fuch manner, as is herein after let forth, with his or their refpedive employers or matters, or at fuch particular work, and to and for fuch hours in the day as art herein after mentioned for people employed in that trade to work, as Hack '	employers	or	matters (hall dired in their refpedive trades or

occupations, (upon information thereof on oath given to the lord mayor, or any one alderman or magiilrate for the Said city, county of the faid city, or liberties thereunto. adjoining, or ccamty of Dublin, within their refpedive jonS did ion a) it (hall and may be lawful for the faid lord mayor, or fuch one alderman or magi (Irate refpe&ivdy, within his jn-rifdidion to iiiue his warrant under his band and Seal to ap-. prebend the perfon or perfons, charged with all or any of

bZtZU on the **r.faid 5and fuc{*	tba*°f

major, &e. im- convicted m a Summary way before the laid lord mayor and prifoned. any alderman of the county of the faid city, or before any two juftices of the peace for the faid county of Dublin* within their refpedive jurifdidion, (upon the oath of cm or more credible witnefs, which they are hereby empowered and required to adminitter) or by the confeffion of the perfon charged with fuch oflbnce, it (hall and may be lawful few and for the faid. lord mayor and alderman, t>r for fuck two ju^ices of the peace rcfpcdivcly within their jurifdidion, by

warrant

DigitizedjDy

Google

The mneteenshand twentieth Tears of George Ol warrant under their hands and feals to commit the par-ibn or perfons fo conyi&ed to gaol, there to be kept without bail- or mainprise for any time not exceeding taro months.

II.	And be it cna&ed by the authority aforefaid, that

all and cv&y fuch perfon or perfons, as (hall be confined as Before dif-aforcfaid, (hall, before he or they (hall be difcharged from charged 10L fuch confinement, enter into and be bound in a recogni-zance in a fum not exceeding ten pounds before the faid Xur. lord mayor or any one alderman or magi Urate of the coufe ty of the.faid city or* county of Dublin, before whom fuch perfon or perfons (hall have been convicted within his refpec-tive jurifdi&ion, for. his or their being of the peace and good behaviour to all his Majefty’s fubjc&s for any term not exceeding one year.

III.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. Taking oath

that if any fuch butcher, cooper, (alter, journeyman, ap-t0 combine or prentice, or labourer as aforefaid (hall take an oath or enter	#n

into any combination or agreement to afeertain or fix the conviction im-price of wages, or of labour or workman(hip, or to make prifoned, and any rule, order, agreement, or regulation concerning their lol.xeeogni-rcfpedlive trades, occupations, or bufmefs, or take any oath

W enter into any combination or agreement under any pro- havioor. fence or pretences whatfoever not to work for any particular merchant or merchants, matter or matters, employer or employers, in any branch of the faid provifion trade, upon information thereof upon oath to the laid lord mayor, or any one alderman of the faid city, county of the faid city, or, any jutticc of the peace of the county of Dublin within their refpe&ive jurifdi&ions, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid lord mayor, or fuch one alderman or ms- v giftrate refpe&ively within his jurifdi&ion to iffue his warrant under his hand and feal to apprehend the perfon or per— fo4l fo charged with all or any of the aforefaid offences| and every fuch perfon or perfons being thereof convi&ed in a fummary way before the faid lord mayor, and any one alderman of the county <of the faid city, or any two ma-giftrates of the faid county of Dublin, upon the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witaefles, which oath the faid lord mayor and alderman or magittrates refpc&ively within their jurifdi&ion are hereby empowered and required to ad-minifter, or by the confettion of the perfon charged with fuch offence, it (hall and may he lawful to and for the find lord mayor and alderman and for the find two magittrates it* fpe&ively within their jurifdi&ieu by warritat under their hands and feals to commit the perfon or perfons fo convi&ed to gaol, there to be kept without bail or mainprize for any time not exceeding two months; and every fuch perfon or

perfons

Digitized by

Google

r54©

A. D.

1779-80, Chap. 36.

Refuting to work, or ab-fenting durirg working hours, unlefs reafon-able caufe, »m-pi ifoned, and 5I. recognizance for peace aod behaviour for i year.

-ffef nineteenth and twentieth Tears fljf* George III. "pWfons fhall, before he or they (hall be diTcharged frbflS fuch confinement, enter into and be bound in a recognizance irt*a firm not exceeding ten pounds before the faid lord mayor or any one alderman or magiftrate refpe&ivdy,- before Whom fuch perfon or perfons (hall have been convi&ed within his jurifdi&ion, for his or their being of the peace and good behaviour to all his Majcfty’s fubjeda for any term not exceeding three years.

IV.	And be it era&ed by the authority aforefrd, #»at if any fuch butcher, cooper, faker, journeyman, or labourer being engaged with any merchant, mailer, or employer in any branch of the faid provifion trade, (haD after inch engagement, and during the time for which he IhaH be lb engaged refufe to work, or (ball abfent himfelf from the fervice of the perfun by whom he lhafl be fo employed as aforefaid, during the accuftomed hours of working at fufch trade or occupation as he (hall be accuftomed to be employed at, or if hired by the week, month, or year, fhaft negledl to come to work each and every day (Sundays excepted) during the faid term on any account or pretext whatsoever, unlefs prevented by ficknefs or fome other rrafonabfe baufe, or fhall hinder or prevent or caufe to be hindered or prevented or moleftcd any perfon or perfons from working at any bulinefs or occupation on account of the faid perrons being foreigners or ftrangers, as herein after mentioned, or (hall not work on being required "in or at any particular branch of the faid provifion trade, he fhall be fo engaged 'for* and in an ufual and reasonable manner, every fuch per* »fon or perfons fo offending, and being thereof copvi&cd in a Nummary Way before the laid lord mayor and any one aider-man of the county of the faid city, or any two ma^Hhates

*	of the laid county of Dublin refpe&ively within their jorif-

*	di&ion, upon the oath of one or more credible witnefa or switnefies (which oath fuch lord mayor and alderman or roa-•giftrate within their refp^five iurifdi&ionB are hereby authorized and required to aAninifter) or by the confeflion of the perfon charged with fuch refufal, without fuf&cient caufe upon oath, to the fatisfa&ion of fuch lord mayor and alderman or magiftrate for fueh refufal* it (hall be lawful for *fuch lord mayor and alderman or magiftrate within theik re-fpeftive jurifdi&ions by warrant under their hands and feak to commit the perfon or perfons fo convifted to gaol, there to

-be kept without bail Or mainprize for any time not exceeding one month; and that all and- every fuch perfon or perfons (hall, before he or they (hall be difeharged from luch confinement, enter into and be bound in a recognizance in a fum not exceeding five pounds before the faid lord mayor or any alderman or magifttate of the county

*	.	of

Digitized by

Google

S4»: A.' I>. 1779-80. Chap. j|5„)

Seducing

€Ttic~ nineteenth and twentieth Tears of f»F' the faid city, or county of Dublin, before whom foehn perfon or perfons (hall have been convicted, with or without fureties, for fuch perfons being of the peace and good behaviour to all his Majcfty’s fubje&a for any term not exceeding one year.

V.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That? ___________^

i£any perfon or perfons (hall feduce or inveigle, or attempt’ from employ, to feduce or inveigle any butcher, cooper, falter, journey* an<* < man, or labourer ufually employed in the faid provi(ion ^r^cr^Q°"eic trade, being a&ually engaged io the ferviqe or employment^ of any other perfon dealing in the faid proyifion trade, front* fuch his employment and fervice,; or if any butcher, cooper,* falter, journeyman, or labourer, being a&ually engaged in' the fervice or employment of any other perfon dealing in the faid provifioo trade, (hall, before he or they fnall have finifh-ed his or their engagement, engage with any other perfon in the faid provifion trade, every fuch perfon fo offending, and-being thereof convi&ed is a fummary way before the faid lord mayor and any one alderman of the county of the faid city, or any two magiftrates of the faid county of Dublin,,

Upon the oath of one or more witnefs or witneffes (which

<teth the faid lord mayor and alderman, or magiftrates re-

fpe&lvdy within their jurifdi&ions are hereby authorized

and required to adminilter) or by the confeffion of the per-

fon charged with all or any of the laid offences, (hall forfeit

the fum of ten pounds, one half to the governors of the

houfe of induftry within the faid city for the ufe of the faid

houfe, and the other half to the perfon or perfons making

fuch complaint; and it (hall be lawful for fuch lord mayor

and alderman or magiftrates refpe&ively within their jurife

di&ioris to commit the perfon or perfons fo convi&ed to

gaol, and there to detain his or their body or bodies in	*

execution, until the faid fum of ten pounds (hall be fully

paid to the perfons and for the ufes herein before men*

tioned.

VI.	And whereas the yearly afeertaining of the wages Wages af-to be paid to the feveral butchers, coopers, falters, journey- ctrtained yearly men, - and labourers in the county of the faid city and the county of Dublin will in a great meafure^tend to prevent fJjSons &c. , unlawful combinations among fuch butchers, coopers, falters, journeymen, and labourers, employed in the faid’ provifion tradetherefore be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, that it (hall and may be lawful for the court of general quarter (efiions of the peace for the county of the city of Dublin, and for the county of Dublin, within their refpe&ive jurifdi&ions, the recorder, deputy recorder; or fuch other magiftrate as ufually prefides- thereat refpec-tjvely, being prelent, yearly at every Midfummer feflions to afeerta^in, what , wages or fum of money every, butchery

cooper,

Digitized by Google

Wa^e§ not sfcertsined under ufual average prices 3 years before.

No juftice dealing in pro-vifion trade, fhaJl ad or fit at the time, penalty tool.

Said court to fummon and examine on oath.

Double value of wages withheld, recovered, as herein.

The nketmth and twentieth Tears of George III. cooper, falter, journeyman, or labourer (hall take and be paid by the day, which is always to be deemed and confi-dered to confift of twelve hours, or by the certain denomination, piece, or parcel of work or job, either with or without meat and drink, during the year following j and aS the laid butchers, coopers, (alters, journeymen, and labourers (hall take and receive fitch wages and kuna of rao-fey, and no more, on pain of forfeiting any fnm of money or thin£ they (hall take over and above, one half of the font 46 forfeited to be paid to the governors of the hoofe of in-dnftry in the faid city of Dublin for the uGe of the find honk of indu&ry, and the other half to the profecutor, and of being imprifoned at the discretion of the Oud court of general quarter fefiions of the peace, foi any time not exceeding two mqpths, upon convidion of the offender in a fummary way at the (aid court of general quarter feifioos of the peace, or at any adjournment thereof, by the oath of one or more witnefs or witnefles, which oath the (aid court is hereby authorised and required to adminifter, or by the confieffion of the offender.

VII.	Provided always, and be it eaa&ed by the authority aforefiud, that the (aid court of general quarter (efforts of the peace (hall not ffeertain the wages of fuch butchers, coopers, falters, journeymen, and labourers, at a lower me or fum than the accuftomed average prices ufua&y paid in the (aid city of Dublin, and county of the (aid city, or liberties thereunto adjoining, or county of Dublin, to fuch butchers, coopers, (alters, journeymen, and labourers re-fpe&ively for the three years next before the afeertaming of the (aid wages.

VIII.	Provided that no juftice of the peace, dealing in any branch of the faid provHion trade, (hall ad or fit on the bench at the times, when the wages (hall be afeertained as aforefaid, upon pain of forfeiting the fum of one hundred pounds to his Majefty, for eveiy time, he (haU fo ad or (it.

IX.	And be it cnaded by the authority aforefaid, that it (hall and may be lawful for the faid court of general quarter fefEons to fummon and examine upon oath all fuch per-fons, as the parties interfiled produce to be examined, in order to enable fuch court from time to time to afoertain fuch wages and price of labour.

X.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid* that every fuch butcher, cooper, falter, journeyman, and labourer, from whom fuch wages or furas of money (haU be withheld, (haU be entitled to recover double the value thereof, to be recovered (not exceeding forty (hillings) in a fommary way in the court bf confidence in the (aid city upon the oath or oaths of one or more wime^ or witnefles, and.

Digitized by

Google

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George m-	543

if above forty (billings by civil bill at the next court to be	A* D.

held for the county of the (aid city or county of Dublin for	1779-80.

the trial of civil bills, from the perfou or perfons wherem- Chap. 36. ployed them or any of theou

. XL And be it further ena&cd by the authority aforefaid, Order of That the order of the quarter feifions, certified by the town feflions c«ti-clerk of the city of Dublin or clerk of the crown for the ficd> *c*

(kid county, (hall be condufive evidence of the faid feveral rates and wages.

XII.	And be it further ena&cd by the authority aforefaid, Injuring That in cafe any butcher, cooper, falter, journeyman or employer'* pr®. labourer (hall wilfully damage, wade, purloin, or otherwife ^alueVorrc^^lL injure^ or deftroy the goods, materials, fubftance, or pro- £cuc or C1 cd* perty of any merchant, mailer, or employer, by whom he (hall be employed5 fuch butcher, cooper, falter, journeyman, or labourer, being thereof convi&cd in a fummary way, before the lord mayor and any one alderman of the county of the faid city, or any tyro magiflrates of the faid county of Dublin Jfefpe&ively within their refpe&ive jurisdictions, upon the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefTes, or by the conftflion of the perfon charged with all or any of the ^offences aforefaid, (hall, forfeit and pay double the value of the goods fo damaged, wafted, purloined, or otherwife injured or deflroyed, the fame to be recovered in manner herein before mentioned: and in cafe of inability of payment in fuch butcher, cooper, falter, journeyman, or labourer, it (hall and may be lawful for the (aid lord mayor and alderman or magiftrates refpedively within their jurifdi&ions by warrant under their hands and feala to commit fuch butcher, cooper, falter, journeyman, or labourer to gaol, there to be kept without bail or mainprize for any term not exceeding three months at the diferetion of fuch lord mayor, alderman, or magtftrates refpe&ively.

XIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore- if 7 riotoufly faid. That in cafe any perfons to the number of feven or affemble, and more (hall riotoufly affemble, and (hall by force eater, or ^J attempt to enter, the dwelling-houfe, ware-houfe, (hop, houfe^&c^as cellar, yard, loft, linney, or building of any inhabitant of herein, the county of the faid city or county of Dublin without the confent of the poffefibr thereof, and without lawful authority for fo doing ; or (hall by force enter or attempt to eater any (hip, lighter, boat, bark or veflfel lying at any of the quays of the (aid city, or at any other place or places in any of the rivers, or within any of the harbours of the faid city or county of Dublin, without lawful authority for b doing, or (hall affemble in a tumultuous manner for the pur-pofe of lying in wait to deftroy and burn any empty cades or other veffels, being thereof convi&ed in a fummary way by . the oath of oae or more witnefs or wftneffes before (he faid

lord

Digitized by LjOOQle

A. D.

1779-80. Chap. 3^*

To burn or deftroy empty calks or with provifions or good* on the road*, or brought to Dublin or the ietinty, a* heroin.*

i%e mmdetnth and twentieth Tcan 4f George III.* lord mayor and any one alderman of the faid city, or any two magift rates for the (aid county of Dublin {which oath the laid lord mayor and alderman or magtft rates refpeodvdy within their jurifdi&ion are empowered and required to adroi-nifter) or by the confefilon of the party, every perfon offending herein (hall fuffer imprifonment, not lefe than three months nor exceeding fix months, without bail or main* prize; and every fuch perfoa or perfons OtaU, before he or they (hall be difeharged from fuch confinement, enter into and be bOOnd in a recognizance in a fum not exceeding twenty pounds before the faid lord mayor, or any one alderman of the county of the faid city, or anyjuftice of the peace fqr the county of Dublin, before whom fuch perfoa or perfons (hall be convi&ed, for his or their being of the peace and good behaviour to all his Majefty’s fubje&s for any term not exceeding three years.

XIV.	And whereas it hath alfo been a praftice among the butchers, coopers, falters, journeymen, and labourers, in the county of the faid city and county of Dublin to threaten and a&uallyto injure the perfons and properties of butchers, coopers, falters, journeymen, and labourers in the faid provifion trade, coming from other parts of this king* dom into the faid city and county }n order to feek employment in their rcfpe&ive callings, with an intent to prevent •and deter fuch butchers, coopers, falters, journeymen and labourers, fo coming from other parts of this kingdom, from fettling in the county of the faid city of Dublin and county of Dublin, and from foliciting or procuring employment therein, all which faid pra&iccs are highly deitru&ive of induftry and commerce: for remedy whereof be it ena&ed by the authority afor*faid, That if any perfon or perfons (hall deftfoy or burn any empty calks or veffels, or any calks or vtflels containing provifions or other goods, open any of the roads leading to, or that (hall or maybe brought or imported into, the county of the faid city of Dublin or into the county of Dublin from any other parts of this kingdom either by land or water carriage, or (hall' attempt by menaces or otherwife to hinder or prevent any perfon or perfons from importing or bringing empty ca(ks into the ccuaty of the faid city, or county of Dublin from any other part 6f the faid kingdom, or (hall refufc to open, head, coopcf, or full bind in a workmanlike manner the fame, or (hall caufc * or procure to be deftroyed or burned any empty calks dr ‘ veflels, or calks or veflels containing provifions or other goods •as-aforefaid, or (hall threaten- or injure either in perfon or ^property'any butcher, cooper, falter, journeyman or labourer, who (hall come from any other parts of this kingdom to work or folicit work in their or any of their refpee-f ift callb$5>. or .(hall- refufc to work with- any foreigner,

country



Digitized by

Google

-The nineteenth and twentieth Tears George III.	tfy

country butcher, cooper, falter, journeyman, apprentice, A. t).

Or labourer, upon in format iop thereof upon path given to the lord mayor, or any one alderman of the faid city or county, or any juflice of the peace fqr the (aid county of Dublin, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid lord mayor, or any one alderman or magiftrate of the county of the faid city, or county qf Dublin refpe&ively, within hi* jurifdi&ion to iffue his warrant under his hand and feal to apprehend the perfon or perfon? charged y^ith all or any of the afqrefaid oflenccs ? |nd every fuch perfon being thereof convifted m a fqmmary way before fuch lord mayor, and any one alderman, or any two magistrates for the faid county of Dublin, by the oath of one or more witnefs or witnefies*

^hich oyth faid lord mayor and alderman or mdgiftrates re-fpe&ively withjp their jurifdictioq $re authorized to admi-nifter, by warrant under hi§ hand and feal to commit the perfon or perfons fo convicted to gaol, there to be kept without bail or mainprise for any term not lefs than three months nor qepetefing (jx months ; and every fuch perfon or perfons (hall/ before he or they (hall be difeharged frorq fuch confinement, enter into and be bound in a recognizance not exceeding twenty pounds before the (aid lord mayor, not JbpVe 2d. pr any one aldermaq or magiftratc of the coupty qf the &c.

(aid city or county of Dublin, before whom fuch perfon or perfons (hall have been eonvijfied, for his or thejr being of the peace and good beh^yiour to all his Majefty’s ful}-jetls for any term not exceeding three years.

XV.	Provided always, that nothing herein contained (hall Not to hindef

binder or be deemed or taken to hinder perfons, fo injured woa for recoin their perfons or property as aforefaid, to bring fuch aftion	'•	*

or adliohs at law as they (hall be advifed, is oY are prqper

for the recovery of the value of fuch property fo deftroyed a} aforefaid.	'

XVI.	And whereas it has been a common pra6tice amortrf the butchers of the county of the faid city and county of Dublin, when they engage with a pierchant or merchants, to fumiill fuch merchant or merchants with beeves and hogs at a certain weight each, not to bleed the faid beef or beeves, hog or hogs, but to leave the blood in the fame in order to encreafe the weight of the careafe or carcafes of fuph beef qf beeves, hog or hogs, which has been found meft injurious to the curing and preferving of the fle(h of fuch beef of beeves, hog or fmgs, and will in the end deftroy that branch •

qf the faid provifion trade : for remedy whereof be it ena&« Birve* of ed by thy authority aforefaid, that if any butcher or butchers (hall fend to qny merchant or merchants in the county of the pr0pcrjy biooi-faid city or county of Dublin any beef or heevef, hog or cd, fbrieutd, * hogs, which (hall not be properly blooded, upon conviction jbeicof in a fummary way before the lord mayor and any one Vpt. VI. •	Mm	plderman

1775-81* Ch*p. 3S.

Drgitized by

54*

A. D.

1779 80. Chap. 36.

Apr?a1 to next general quarter icffions.

On (county Cor appearance.

Taking V»ull from owner or dr irer in Dublin or' avenues thereto, aiders and abettors, committed three months.

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III* alderman of the county of die (aid city of Dublin, or before two juftices of the peace for the county of .Dublin, that the (aid beef or beeves, hog or hogs, are ill or not fuffidentU blooded, or upon the confeflion of. the butcher or butcher* fo charged with fuch offence, fuch butcher or butchers (bill forfeit luch beef or beeves, hog or hogs, to the governor of the houfeof induflry for the ufe of the (aid home ofin-

duflry-

XVII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for airy perfon or perfons, who (hall or may think himfelf or them-lclres aggrieved or injured by the fentence or convi&ion of the faid lord mayor and any one alderman for the empty of the faid city, or any two magiftrates for the (aid county of Dublin, in any of the cafes aforefaid, to appeal therefrom to the next court of general quarter fefiions for.the couotr of the faid city or county of Dublin refpe&ivelyj by which court the matter of the faid appeal (hall be determined, and in the mean time the fjntence or judgment of fuch lord mayor and alderman and magiftrates (hall be fofpetHled.

XVIII.	Provided always, that fuch perfon or perlooi G> appealing to the faid quarter fefiions (hall enter into fuffi-cient fccurity for their appearance to abide the determioitiua of the faid court of quarter fefiions, and not otherwife.

XIX.	Whereas divers profligate and ill difpofed jowwy-men butchers, penny boys, and other perfons hare of late forcibly taken bulls from the owners or drivers thereof fur the malicious purpofe of beating or otherwife deftroyroj them $ and the laws now in force to prevent fuch wanton, wilful, and malicious purposes are found inefFe&ual to deter frpm the aforelaid barbarous pra&ices : be it eoa&cd by the authority aforefaid, that if any butcher, journeyman butcher, penny boy, or other perfon or perfons (hall forcibly, wO* fully, wantonly, or malicioufly take any bull or bulls either in gr coming to the faid market of Smithfiekl or any other plaoe in the faid city, or in any of the roads, avenues, or lanes leading thereto within the county of the (aid city, (tod any owner, driver, or any other perfon or perfons haring fuch bull under his or their care or prote&ion, fuch batcher, journeyman butcher, penny boy, or other perfon or pcrfoiu, their aiders and abettors, knowing of and privy to the. fame, (hall on being, conri&ed thereof before the lord mayor or any other magiftrate by the oath of one or more witntli or witnefles, fuch perfon. fq convi&rd (hall be committed to the houfe of corre&ion and kept to hard labour there far the fpace of three months.

XX.	And whereas the prefent mode of conducing the butter bufinefs in the faid city and county of the faid city of Dublin, liberties thereunto adjoining, and of bringing butter

•	.	for

Digitized by

Google	 ,	gj

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George III.	J47

for exportation into the fame, is found to be extremely pre-	A. * D.

judicial to the butter trade of this kingdom in general, and	1779-80.

of the faid city in particular: for remedy whereof be it further Chap. 36* enacted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the v— fird day of May one thoufand feven hundred and eighty one From id the lord mayor of the faid city of Dublin ior the time being j)^Yma°or fhall together with any five or more of the trufiees of the w;th fiVC c31-royal exchange of the faid city of Dublin appoint annually change truilees for each butter crane in the laid city, county of the faid ^ali aPPon' city of Dublin, or liberties thereunto adjoining, one or Jor cach butter* more honed and fkilful perfon or perfons as tader of all butter, crane, &c. that fhall come to be weighed in fuch crane; and that each of the faidtaden, before he adh in the faid office, fhall be fworn before the faid lord mayor fairly, juftly, and impartially to tafte all fuch butter, as fhall be brought to the ciane, to which he fhall be appointed as aforefaid, and according to the bed of his judgment without favour or affe&ion to any party or parties; which oath the faid lord mayor is hereby impowered and required to adminider; and fhall mark In legible chara&err upon the bilge of every cafk the initial letters of his the faid tader or taders name or names, together with the quality with a hot iron or damp, according as the lame fhall be of fird, fecond, third, or inferior quality.

XXI.	And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, that if buyer or if any tafler of butter appointed as aforefaid fhall brand or Teller aggrieved ftamp as laid fird quality, fecond quality, third quality, or by J™Pr,M<r inferior quality, any calk or calks containing butter, which	ve	r

fhall upon infpe&ion be found to differ in quality from the	by two

brand thereon placed, or (hall damp or brand any calk con- merchants In tainipg butter not anfwerable in fize and make to the feve- the trade, Sec.

Xal defcription of calks herein after mentioned, it fhall and 514 crcm' may be lawful for the party or parties, who may think them-felves aggrieved by fuch improper mark or damp (whether the feller or buyer thereof) to caufe each and every calk, thereof to be furveyed and infpected by two or more merchants converfant in the butter trade $ and if it fhall appear, that the faid merchant fo called upon to infpedt the faid butter, that the calks containing the fame is or are improperly branded or marked, and not anfwerable to the defcription of the quality thereof, upon complaint thereof being made before the lord mayor, or any one magidrate for the faid city, county of the faid city of Dublin, or liberties thereunto adjoining, verified upon oath of the merchant who tailed and examined the fame, it fhall and may be lawful for the faid lord mayor or magidrate to fine the faid butter tader offending therein the fum of twenty (hillings for the fird offence, forty (hillings for the fecond offence, to be applied to the ufe and for the benefit of the houfc of indudry, and for M m 1	the

Digitized by Google

The mneienuh and ttvenileib Tears of George IIL. the third offence the faid butter taller fo offending is hcn> by rendered unqualified to ad as butter taller in tbe faid city, county of the faid city, or liberties thereunto adjoining for evrr; and it fhall and may be lawful for the laid kud mayor, and any four or more of the truftees of tbe royal exchange in the faid city, the lord mayor always to be one, from time to time to alcertain the fees to be paid to the faid butter tatters for tatting fuch butter in the. laid city of Dublin, county of the faid city, and Ebcrties thereunto adjoining, between the feller and buyer of fuch butter, and by whom the faid fees arc to be paid, whether by the fcQcr or by the buyer, or equally between both; and that no other fee3 fhall be paid or received for tatting the faid butter in the faid city of Dublin, county of the city or liberties thereinto adjoining, between feller and buyer, but thofc to be afeertained by the lord mayor, and any four or more of the trutt^esof the royal exchange as aforefaid.

XXII.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, that from and after the faid firft day of May one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one no butter (hall be brought into the faid city, county of the kid city, or liberties thereunto adjoining, for fale in a»y other or dif* ferent calks or veffels than the two denominations of calks herein after mentioued, that is to fay, in tight calks or veffels, made of white oak or afh, which (haft not n»ca£ure lek than feven gallons and an half, nor more than eight gallons and an half, Winchefter meafure, each full hound with wooden hoops properly twigged, and in cafks or veffels made of afh (or of any fuch timber as has been heretofore made ufc of for packing butter into for fale for the Dublin market) and which lalt mentioned calks or veffels lhall not meaiurc k fs than fifteen gallons or more than fixteen gallons Win. chdler meafure each.

XXIII.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid lord* mayor and truftees to appoint fuch mark to denote firft quality, fecond quality, third quality, and to make fuch regulations refpeAing the mode of hooping fuch caua pf butter, as lhall to them feem expedient.

XXIV.	And in order to carry this a& more effeAnally into execution be it ena&ed by the authority afordjud, That

lumping other. any tafter q£ butter fo appointed as aforefaid lhall band not^under^ nor ?T ^araP ^7 butter in other calks or veffels, than arc bere-above i z	in before mentioned, that it (hall and may be lawful for the

months,	fait} lord mayor and any five or more trullees of the royal

exchange, upon complaint made to him or them verified hr tfie oath of one or more credible witnefa or witneffes, to fct pend the laid tatter offending therein from his faid ofhcc fix any term not lefcjthan fix nor exceeding twelve month?,

k	*	to

From iff May 1781 no butter brought for fale in Dublin or liberties five in catics of white oak or afh, not under 7 gal. Ion* an'd naif nor above 8 and half Win-nhefter, tec.

and of alh or timber u* heretofore not under 15 gallons, or above 16 Winchefter.

Lord mayor and truftees may appoint mark* of the quality, and regulate hooping.

Taller, branding or

A.

549

D.

17 79-86.

Chap. $(:

01 offtr.cc

The mneleenth and tivcui'itth Tears of George III. to difmifs him from his faid office for ever upon being cou-vidled as aforefaid of a fecund offence in the faid office.

XXV.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, that nothing herein contained lhall extend or be deemed, conftrued, or taken to extend to prevent perfons from packing up and bringing to the faid city, county of the faid city, or liberties thereunto adjoining, butter in Vent bowi^oV bowls, coolers, or crocks for tlie confitmption of the inha- crocks, for Hitants of the faid -city, county of the faid city or liberties confumption thereunto adjoining.	hilubitams.

X XVI. Provided ahvays, and be it cnadted by the an- Ta^c1rs , <liority aforefaid, That no tafter or tatters, fo to be appoint- * anScc WtC** ed as aforefaid, lhall remain or continue at the fame crane longer than one week at any one time, but fhall be regularly removed ot changed every Monday morning to fome <Jther crane; fo that fuch tafter or tafters fhall go to each crane in the faid city, county of the faid city of Dublin, * liberties thereunto adjoining.

XXVII.	Aid be it fin ther enna«l by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons fhall erafe, counter- 0^, hutur calVs, felt, or forge any brand or brands, ftamp or ftamps, to he penalty 501. put, ftamped, or branded upon any calk or calks of butter each, as aforefaid by any tafter of tafteFs fo to be appointed as aforefaid, that fuch perfon or perfons fo erafing, counter^ in,u l foiling, or forging fuch mark, brand or ftarr.p as aforefaid, lhall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds for each and every fuch mark, brahd, or ltamp, as he or they (hall fo erafe, forge, or counterfeit, to the perfon or perfons injured thereby, to be recovered and recoverable in arty of his M'-ijefty\» courts of law in this kingdom.

3CXVI11. And be it farther enacted by the authority On-appoint-aforefaid, that upon the appointment or removal of any of the faid butter tafters the name of fuch perfon, fo appoint-	in

cd or removed, lhall be publifhed in the next Dublin Ga- gazette;.

•yette with the caufe of fuch perfon or perfons removal from the faid office.

XXIX And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, Revenue that it fhall and may be lawful to and for the feveral officers of his Majefty’s revenue in this kingdom to infpedl and ex- c;;;3yr unj amine upon the feveral quays ard wharfs in the faid city, wharf*, nutter county of The fsvid city of Dublin, and liberties thereunto ottered tor adjoining, all fuch butter as lhall be offered for exportation j^ciu* ** by any merchant or merchants, or other perfon or perfons exporting butter; and if *hcy or any of them lhall find or difeover any butter offered for exportation in any other or different calks than the cafxs herein before deferibed and fpecined, that it lhall and may be lawful to and for fuch * officer or officers to feize and lodge the fame in any of his Majcfty’a ft ores within the faid citv or county of the faid

' * c l>;

55®

A. D.

1779-80,

A, public]* ll

The nineteenth and twentieth Yean of George IIL city of Dublin, or liberties thereunto adjoining, there to be kept and detained till the fame fhall be condemned as a fei-zure or rcleafcd according to the determination of the chief commifliorters of his Majefty’s revenue in Ireland; and if any fuch butter fhall be condemned, the fame to be difpof-ed of in the manner, as in cafes of run or fmugglcd goods is ufual.

XXX.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, that this adi fh^ll in all courts and places be deemed and taken to be a publick ad, and fhall be judicially taken notice of by all judges, juftices, anJ courts whatfbever, without fpecxaHy pleading the fame j and that if any replevin fhall be brought for any diftrefs taken purfuant to this ad, and if any perfon or perfons fhall be fued for any thing done by virtue and in purfuance of this ad, the defendant or defendants in fuch replevin, and fuch perfon or perfons as fhall be fned, may plead the general iffue, and give this ad and the (pedal matter in evidence for his or their defence ; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall difeontinut; his or their fuit or admn, or be nonfuited, or if judgment fhall be given againft him, her, or them on verdid op demurrer, the defendant or defendants fhall recover double cofts of fuit.

CHAP. XXXVH.

Maiming cattle, and burning Houles of late prevail in various parts,

doubts on 7 Wil. 3. c. at,

and 9 Wil.

c. 9-

An A3 to prevent the detejlable PraSlces of houghing Cattbex burning of Hoitfcsx Barnet Haggards, and Corn, and for other Purpofes.

WHEREAS the deteftable pradices of killing, houghing, cutting, and maiming of cattle, and malicioufly burning of houfes, barns, haggards, buildings, corn, and other articles of hufhandry, have of late much prevailed in various parts of this kingdom to the great dif-couragement of indullry, and the manifeft injury of the flate ; and' forafmuch as fome doubt hath been conceived with refped to the conflrudion of an ad paffed in this kingdom in the feventh year of the reign of King William the third, entitled, An a8 for the better fupprejpng tories9 robbers, and rafifytreesl ami for preventing robberies, hstrglariesx and other heinous crimes; and alfo with refped to the coo-ftrudion of an ad paffed in this kingdom in the ninth year of the reign of King William the third, entitled. An m3 to fujply the defeats and for the beteer execution of an aflpafejm this prefentfejfon of parliament, entitled, An a8 for the better fupprejftng tories and rapparces, and for preventing robberies, burglaries, and other heinous crimes : for remedy whereof, and in order to clear up any doubt that may be entertained, be it enaded by the king’s moil excellent Majefty

from i Aug. 1780, inhabi-

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George III.

Iiy and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent parliament afftmbled, and by the authority of the fame, that from and after the firll day of Augull in the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty the inhabitants of every barony or county, ^ ^ „i„«Ui-or in cafes of uncertainty as to the phuje the inhabitants of Uc™ry both contiguous baronies or counties, mail make full fatis- barony and fadion for all malicious burning of houfes, barns, haggards, county, (hall corn, or other articles or effects by any perfon orperfons ^mali-whatfoever to the party or parties injured, on the terms and cion# burning conditions fpecifitd in the faid a61 of the feventh year of of houfes, king William the third ; and alfo in the faid ad made iu corn» &c-the ninth year of the reign of king William the third herein before fet forth, the fame to be paid indifcriminately by preteftants, pnpifts, and all the inhabitants of fuch county a:id barony in proportion to their refpedive properties, the faid {latutes of the feventh or ninth years of king William the third or any other law or flatutc to the contrary not-with (landing.

II.	And be It enaded by the authority aforefaid, that Where da-where the damages fhall not exceed one hundred pounds mage# exceed flerling, the inhabitants of the barony, or in cafes of un* ^Honb the" certainty of the contiguous baronies, wherein the faid fads barony, Lc. (hall be committed, and not of the counties at large, (hall

make fatisfadion for the fame as aforeiaid 5 but where the damages (hall exceed fiich fum of one hundred pounds, then and in fuch cafe only the inhabitants of the county, or in cafes of uncertain Ihuation of the contiguous counties at large, (hall make fatisfadion for the fame 5 the faid (latutes of the feventh or ninth years of King William the third,

•r any other law, iiatute, or ufage to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

III.	And he it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, that every peribn fo damnified may fue for and recover their damagei under the faid ads of the feventh and ninth-years of the reign of king William the third (with the differences however herein before fet forth) upon their or his ♦

or her giving fuch notice and making Tuch examinations as On notice in faid ads are mentioned, at any time within fix days after * af-fech damage or injury done them in manner aforefaid, the tUm^ge^reco-fnid (latutes of the feventh and ninth years of king William vered. the third, or any law, ftatute, or ufage to the contrary not-withftanding.

IV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, On traverfe

that in cafe of any traverfe of any prefentment for damage of p«ffrntn.c-nt under the faid ads of the feventh or ninth of king William	C

the third, or this ad, being taken by any perfon, it fhal]‘i”Var4 cofts. 4udmay be lawful to and for the ;u jgc, who (hall try fuch'

*	traverfe,

Digitized by

£en&ab!e of ether by warrant of i juft ice may fearcn fuf-pefled place* lor laivn fup-pofedftolen, trc if found, fnfpc&cd per fon, on coavio tiow, fhall for- -feit hoc above

The ameteckih ahd twentieth teat* ef fccofge lit. toairerfe* to award by rule for that purpofe OD&s to the partf

or partita, for whom- fuch ifTuc is found, agaioft the other party or parties in fuch traverfe rrfpc^iively in any fum not exceeding twelve pouDds fterling; and the {aid judge it hereby impowered to award and direct to ifliic forthwith an order or orders in naturt of execution agaioft the good* and chatties of fuch party or parties refpc&ively; which foid order or orders the fheriff of fuch county is hereby required to execute in the fame manner, and under the like reftitutions and penalties of executions in ordinary calcs agaioft the chatties and efeth of defendants ; any thing in the (aid fta tides .ojf the foventh or ninth years of King Wdiina the third or any other law or ufage to the contrary now withftanding.

V.	And whereas the practice of dealing lambs bath from the difficulty of conviction much encreaied: for remedy whereof be it ena&cd by the authority aforefaid, that it fiull and may be lawful for any conitable or other perfon by warrant under the hand and feal of any one jufticc of the peace} founded upon ipfobnation upon ofdh, to make fearch in all fufpt&ed botffes and places within the jurisdiction of fuch jnftide for any Hijnb or lambs ftofon or fuppofcd to be doled) and if fuch con ft able 01 perfon fhall find any lamb or lambs jn the poffcffion, hpufe, out-houfe, held, or ground of a[ny perfon fufpc6Ud to be guilty pf the dealing of the dune di receiving the dime being ftolen, he fhall bring fuch fuf-pecled perfon or perfonft before fuch juft ice of the peaoe ; ahd if iucb fufpedted perfon or perfons (ball not make fuE and clear proof to the fatisfa&ion of fuch jufticc* that fuch larr.b or lambs were fairly and honedly bought, or other-wife come by fuch perfoo or perfons, or given to him, her, or them by the owner or proprietor thereof, in default thereof, and being tonvi&ed of the feme upon the oath of ariy one credibfo witnefs before fuch judice, fuch rcfpe&i*e perfoo or ptrfons pefog convi&cd as aforefaid (hall forfek end pay fuch fum of xfroney not exceeding forty (hillings, a* to fuch judice fhall feetn meet and reasonable, together with tfye charges previous to and trending foch convi&ion, to be a/certained by fuch jnftipe who fhall convi& the offender or offenders j and upon nonpayment thereof fuch juftice foaft comTau’t fuch offender or offenders \o the common gaol or Jioufe of corre&ion of fuch county by wkitant under HSi Jiand and feal, there to remain without bail or mainprite for any time not exceeding fj* months, or unjil t)ie faid penalty and charges to be afeertained as aforefaid (h«ul be paid ; one moiety of fuch pecuniary penalty fcnd the ‘charges to be it certained as aforefaid to be paid to the informer, and thfe ^thertnoiety to the poor of tfcojpjurifh under the i

(

Digitized by

Google

aO. i. c. ii.

*7%e nineteenth and twentieth Tain of George tit.	££3

*j£ the faid juftiee; any thing herein oDotahred to the con- A. D. tnuy aotwithfhnding.	17 79-801.

CHA T. XXXVIII.

An Ad to prevent vexations and frivolous Arfeflfj Ottd fir other Purpofes.

WHEREAS in tend by an aft of parliament wade in this kingdom in the fecond year of the reign of king George the firft, entitled, An n3 for trorhmg and •amending an a8% entitled, An a3 fot recovery of /mail debts in a fummary way before the judges of office* it is amongfl' other things enafted, that it (hall be lawful to and for the judges of affile in their circuits, and for filch of his Ma-jefty’s judges or council learned iri the law who (hall with the jufticcs of the peace of the county of Dublin, hold the general quarter feffions of the peace for the faid county, to determine in a fummaiy Way by Englifh bill Or paper petition in English all diCpntes between party and paity for any fum not exceeding ten pounds in manner and on the terms in (aid aft mentioned; and the faid judges, council, and jnf-tices are alfo permitted by the faid aft to decreo executions in fuch cafes, or to difmifs fuch caufe with cofb againft the body or goods of the parties, againft whom they mall giro fuch decree or difmifs refpediVely; which execution the fhe-• riffs of the fevtral counties in this kingdom are by the faid aft required to execute under like penalties and forfeitures, and in like manner, as any execution ifiued out of any of the four courts in Dublin: and whereas the power of arteft and iraprifonment under the faid aft, where the caufe of aft ion does not amount to five pounds, is found by experience to be oppreffire to great numbers of his MajeftyV fubjefts-: for remedy whereof therefore be it eoafted by the king’s moft excellent ^lajcfty by and with the advice and <confent of the lords fpirituai and temporal and commons in "this prefent parliament affcmbled, and by the authority of the lame, that from and after the firft day of September one thonfand feven hundred and eighty no perfbn (hall be ar-Tefted, imprifoned, or taken in execution npou any decree, difmifs, or order of the faid judges, council, or juftices, or any of them under the faid recited aft, or by virtue of any warrant or procefs thereon, where the caufe of aftion (hall not amount to fWe pounds or upwards 7 nor (hall any (heriff 2a fuch cafe be liable to any penalty, forfeiture, or demand,

*by reafon of the non execution thereof.

II.	Provided always, and it isr hereby declared, that wthaog hcfcift coittoitoed fhaU bte oonftdied OP taken in

after id Sep. 1780. none arretted under 2 G. 1. c ri. where caufe of aftion not 51. or upward*.

any

Procefi againft goods or effefts under (aid aft not afiefted hereby.

No perfon taken in execution on procefs out of court of record, where caule of action not jl. Ice.

Proceeding* a* nfual againft eftate and effects not barred.

Where final

judgment in inferior court

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George III. r any fort to affeft any procefs to be awarded or iffned againft the goods or effects of the parties rcfpe&ivdy under the fa id aft.

III.	And whereas his Majefty*s courts of record in Dublin and in feveral places elfewhere in. this kingdom frequently tffue or caufe to be iffued executions againft the bodies of* defendants, where the caufe of action docs not amount to five pounds; and alfo even many inferior courts and jurif-di&ions from time to time erected within certain cities, towns, villages, lordihips, manors, and other liberties in this kingdom are entitled or claim to be entitled to bold plea and iffue procefs and award execution for fmall fums, and alfo to anreft on mefne procefs, and imprifon and take m execution the bodies of the parties in fuch cafe* refpe&ively: and whereas imprifonment in all fuch enfes refpe&ively h28 occafioned great diftrefs, and often prevents the prifooers from working for fupport of themfelves and families to the manifeft difadvantage of the date: For remedy whereof therefore bent ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, that from and after the firft day of September one tboufand feven hundred and eighty no perfon fhall be taken by hisbody in execution by or upon any execution or other procefs iflhing out of any court of record in this kingdom, where the caufe of a&ion (hall qot amount to the fum of five pounds or up-wards; and alfo that no perfon whatfoever (hall be arrefted on mefne procefs, or held to fpecial bail upon any procefs, or fhall be taken by his body in execution upon any execution iffuing out of any court of record in this kingdom iffuing out of any inferior court or jurifdi&ion, the court of coofcienoe of the city of Dublin, and the civil bill court of the city of Dublin, and all other civil bill courts whatfoever only excepted, where the caufe of a&ion fhall not amount to the fum of five pounds or upwards; any law, ftatute, preferip- ' tion, or ufage to the contrary in any wife not with (landing.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the authority afottfaid, that nothing herein contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend in any manner to bar or defeat the right of any perfon in fuch fuperior court of record or inferior court to proceed in the ufual manner, heretofore purfued in fuch fuperior court of record or inferior court refpe&ively, againft the eftates, goods, or effe&s of the parties refpc&ivdy.

W.	And forafmuch as perfons ferved with procefs iffuing out of inferior courts, where the debt is under five pounds, may in order to avoid execution remove their perfons and cffefb beyond the limits of the jurifdi&iou of fuch coum: be it coaled by the authority afordaid, tlia* in all v cafes,

whext

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George III. where final judgment (hall be obtained in any a&ion or fuit in any inferior court of record, it (hall and may be lawful to ana for any of his Majefty’s four courts at Dublin, upon affidavit made and filed therein of fuch judgment being obtained, and of diligent fearch and enquiry having been made «frecord, after the perfon or perfons of the defendant or defendants, or his, her, or their effe&s, and of execution having lifted dfcctJT not againft the perfon or perfons or cffe&t, as the cafe may be, of found in iurif-the defendant or defendants, and that the perfon or perfons or d,^Jon> ““ effeds of the defendant or defendants are not to be found with- j£to in the jurifdidion of fuch inferior court, which affidavit may court, be made before a judge or commiffioner authorized to take affidavits, and fuch fuperior court to caufe the record of the faid judgment to be removed into fuch fuperior court, to iflue writs of execution thereupon to the (heriff of any county, city, liberty, or place, againft the perfon or perfons or efte&s of the defendant or defendants in the fame manner as upon judgments obtained in the faid four courts Dublin ; and the (heriff upon every fuch execution (hall and he is hereby authorized to detain the defendant or defendants, until the fum of twenty (hillings be paid to him, or to levy the fame out of the effefts according to the nature of the execution for the extraordinary cofts of the plaintiff or plaintiffs in the inferior court fubfequent to the faid judgment, and of the execution in the fuperior couW, over and above the money for which fuch execution (hall be ilfted.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the No foy of authority aforefaid, that from and after the firft day of Sep- execution by tember one thoufand feven hundred and eighty no execution error or fuper-fhall be ftayed or delayed upon or by any writ of error ^fc^udimait, or fuperfedeas thereon, to be fued for the reverfing of any mJefs firftre-judgraent given or to be given in any inferior court of re- cognizance cord, where the damages are under five pounds, unlcfs fuch with *; farcties perfon or perfons, in whofe name or names fuch writ of er- to Profccutc* ror (hall be brought, with two fufficient fureties, fuch as the

court (wherein fuch judgment.is or (hall be given) (hall allow of, (hall firft, before fuch ftay made or fuperfedeas to be awarded, tye bound unto the party, for whom any fuch judgment is or (hall be given, by recognizance to be acknowledged in the fame court in double the fum adjudged to be recovered by the faid former judgment to profecute the faid Writ of error with effe&, and alfo to fatisfy and pay (if the faid judgment be affirmed or the faid writ of error pe nonpros’d) all and fingular the debt, damages, and cofts Adjudged or to be adjudged, and all cofts and damages to be awarded for the fame delaying of execution.

VII.	Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed by the au- Where not thority aforefaid, that no caufe, where the caufe of a&ioq S1* no caufe re-

(hall

A

removed, iui-lcfs like recognisance for debt and co ft*.

Sheriffs (haD pay id. per cent, for money with-held I month without caufe, &c.

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George ItT.

(Ball not amount to the fum of five pounds or upwards, fnaj be removed Or removable into any fuperior cOurt by any wtfc Of btbfas corptis Or Othefvvife, unlefs the defendant, who fhafl be defirous of removing fuch Caufe, /hall enter into the like recognizance for payment of the' debt and coils, in cafejudg-trtert (hall pafs ftgainft him.

VIIT. And whereas it frequently happens, that fterifi and frb-/hent?s in t!tfs kingdom levy or receive futns of money from defendants, tinder procefs in their hands, and not-with/landing with hold the fame on various pretexts for a cotiftderable time froth the plaintiffs : for remedy thereof beit enafted by the authority aforefaid, That any fheriff or fub-fheriff, Who fhafl receive after the firft day of September m the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, any fum by colour of or in virtue of his office for any plaintiff, and /hail with-hold without reafonable caufe of fuch deleft the fame for the fpace of one calendar month after retioeft, /hall be liable to pay and /hall pay accordingly foch plaintiff :ntoreft for fuch fum at the rate of ten pounds by the hundred, and alfo the treble cofts out of pocket of the application or applications to the court whence the pro* eefs iffues.

CHAP. XXXIX.

% Anne,c.

3. f. 18. continued by 31 G. a. c. 9. »od 11 and 12 G 3. c (9. f. 1. and near expiring.

/u A8 for explaining an A8 made in the Eighth Tear of the RHgn of her late Majefly Queen Anne, entitled, An A3 for explaining and amending an A3 to prevent the further Growth of Popery, fo far only as the fame makes a Provifon for the Maintenance of Popfh Priejls Converted to the Pnr fcjiaiit Religion.

WHEREAS that pan of the aft made in the eighth year of her Majefty Queen Anrie, making provi-fion for the maintenance of popim priefts that had or (hould become converts to the proteftant religion, which was continued By the aft of the thirty firft of his late Majefty George the fecond, and by another aft made the eleventh and twelfth of his prefent Majefty, which will expire at the end of this fefilons; and it being expedient not only to continue a pro-tffion for fuch converts, but to afeertain the power of levying fuch fums of money as may be neccflary for that pnrpcu*, and Iikewife to prevent any difficulty in determining 'What perfons fhall be entitled to fuch maintenance : be it Cnsfted by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal artd commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and' after the twenty 2	fourth

Digitized by

Google

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III. fourth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, every popifti prieft, who hath heretofore conformed to the proteftant religion, or who (hall become proteftants during the continuance of this a£t, and (hall be approved of as a convert, and (hall be received into the church by the archbiftiop popilh prieft or bifhop of the diocefe, wherein he refided and officiated as a popiih prieft, and who (hall conform himfelf to the church of oaths and Wh Ireland as by law cftablilhed, and who (hall have taken the feribing the oaths and fubferibed the declarations in fuch manner, as the declarations, conformable clergy arc obliged to do, at any quarter ftffions, fhall have as maintenance forty pounds yearly, to be paid nance, he. to them by the treafurer of the county, wherein he officiated when a popifti prieft, by two equal payments on every twenty fifth day of March and twenty ninth day of September during his residence in fuch county,, until he (hall be provided fur by (ome ecclcfiaftical benefice or iiccnfcd curacy of the fame or greater value, fubjed neverthekfe to fufpenfion or deprivation by the archbifhop or biihop of the diocefe, wherein he fhall dwell and refide, in like manner as the inferior clergy are fubjed, to $ and provided that every fuch popifti prieft fo converted (hall, and he is hereby ren quired, under the penalty of forfeiting his allowance puV llckly to read once a week the common prayers or U:ur-gy of the church of Ireland as by law eftabliffied, and to preach in the Englifti tongue in fuch places and at fuch times, as the archbiftiop or bifhop of the diocefe (hall dired or appoint.

II.	And be it foaded by the authority aforefaid, TThat the forty pounds for the maintenance of fuch conforming off inhabitant^ prieft (haft yearly he levied off the inhabitants of the county or county of the city or county of the town, where fuch conforming prieft did refide, and was appointed to officiate as a popiih prieft, before he conformed, in like manner an money is levied, that is charged by grand juries upon the (aid cpuutieaor counties qf cities or towns, and to he paid hint or them by equal parts ; and it (hall be lawful for the grand juries at the fpveral foxing acid fumwr affixes in the fosesal ’ counties; and the grand juries for the county of Dublin *nA the county of the city of Dublin at the fevqral Softer *nd Michaelmas terms, to prefect the fu*o of twenty pounds a# continued 7 the half yearly maintenance or the (urn of forty pounds,as the yean and yearly maintenance of fuch converted prieftt; and that this a& may continue for the foacc^f few yea«, and ifHhc end	so

of the then ae*t feffion of Parliaments	•	a	3.	c.	4<>-

continual to 14

June, 1796,

he. 19 G. 3. c.

Digitized by v^ooQle

55®	7Z*	nineteenth	and twentieth Teaft gf George Ilf.

A. D.	)

1779-80.	CHAP.	XLI.

An AS for empowering Grand Janet to prefent Bridget and Tollt to be paid for pajfng tie fame in certain Cafei.

*	tT7HEREAS the building and ere&ing good aad fat

VV ficient bridges over divers rivers and waters ia this kingdom would prove of the greateft utility by promoting and facilitating the pafTage of goods, merchandizes, cattle, carriages, and travellers from one part to another, and thereby extending that free and uninterrupted communication which is always highly beneficial and neceflary in a commercial country: and whereas grand juries, who, as the law now (bands, have power to prefent fufficient fums of money for eroding bridges, where they may think them neceflary, are often induced to decline prefenting the moft neceflary bridges on account of the expence attending the fame, and to avoid loading the people with heavy taxev whom they may think already fufficiently charged for other county purpofes: and whereas private perfons may often be induced to take upon themfelves the rifquc, labour, and cxpence of creding and maintaining fuch bridge or bridges from time to time without any cefs on any county, if they (hould be by law allowed a reafonable toll for all perfons, cattle, and carriages paffing the fame: be it cnadea by the King’s moft excellent Majcfty by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commohs in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. Grand juries That from and after the firft day of ugufl one thoufand may receive feven hundred and eighty every grand jury of any county, propofaL for or county of a city or county of a town, at any affizes to ‘ ^ holdcn for the fame may receive from any perfon or per-"na*e**	fons, willing to build any bridge or bridges over any river or

water in fuch county, or county of a city or comity of a town, any propofai or proposals for building fuch bridge or bridges without any expence to fuch county, or county of a city or county of a town, and the plan or plans of the fame, with a full and particular eilimate of the expence of building the fame, and alfo a fchedule of the tolls intended to be raifed, if fuch bridge or bridges (hould be hereafter erected in pur-fuance of this a&.

Copy thereof II. And be it ena&ed by the authority afore&id, that affixed 10 days' a copy of every fuch propofai, eftimatr, and fchednle of tolls he affixed ten days previous to the firft day of fuch af-fcouifo door, &ic. ^ZC8> on which the fame are intended to be laid before the grand jury, on the door of the publick court houfe, where the affizes for fuch county, or countv of a citv, or county of a town are ufually hoiden, and (hall alfo be lerved on the *	treafurer

The nsnetetafhand twentieth Tears of George ill. treifurer and high (herifF or highdheiiffs of every fuch county, or if in the county of Dublin ten days before the fhrtt day of each prefen ting term, the (aid propofal to be delivered to-the treafurer of faid county, or if in the county of m city on the chief magiftrate and (heriffs of fnch county of a city at the affizes next preceding the afhzes at which any -prefentment (hall be made purfuant; and the foreman of the grand jury at fuch preceding affizes (haH certify, that .the laid plan, eftimate, fchedule of tolls, or other matters relative to building fuch bridges, was confidcred and approved of by fuch grand jury, in order thereby to render the notice of fuch intended application as exteniive and g*-•eial aspoflible.

III.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, that Gran<| any grand jury receiving fuch propofal, plan, eftimate, and (hall deli birace fchedule of intended tolls certified as aforefaid, (hall delibe- thereon, ap. rate upon and approve or reje& the fame, as they (hall think ProT« P«* reject proper, or make fuch a reduction in the propofed intended agreed, tolls, as they and the perfon or perfous prefenting fuch propofal or proposals (hall agree and determine upon ; and if

they as trullecs fot the publick, and tlie perfon or perfons prefenting fuch propofal or propofals, (hall agree on the fcvcral articles of the plan, ellimate, and tolls, that then it (hall and may be lawful for fuch grand jury to make a preferment, and for the judge of ailize to confirm the fame, for fuch bridge or bridges to built as aforefaid, and to annex to their presentment a fchedule of the tolls fo agreed on to be granted to the perfon or perfons fo building the faid bridge or bridges, and his, her, or tbeir heirs and affigns for ever.

IV.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, that it (hall and may be lawful to and for any freeholder of every county, and every occupier of lands through which the approaches to the (aid bridge are carried, and to and for any freeholder or freeman of every county of a city or county of

a town, in which fuch presentment (hall be fo made, and sack pre-every other perfoa interefted therein or to be affe&ed there- fenuneot tra-by, if they or any of them (hall think themfelves injured or vcnable a* aggrieved by erecting fuch bridge, or making fuch ap- ^frizes, tec* proaches thereto, or by the toils afeertaimi by fuch presentment, to traverfe fuch presentment at the affizes, on which fuch prefer.tment (hall be made, in the manner and under the-recognisances now ufed in entering trav/rfes to, the prefeotmeii.s of grand juries; aud that fuch traverfe or traverfes (hah t *ed before one of the judges of affize, at the faid affixes, or if in the county of Dublin before the judges of the cmirt of King's (tench at the preienting term, by the verd of a petty jury, or at the next affizes to be holdcn for the Uil county or county of a city or town ;

I	and

Digitized by boogie

§6q

A. D.

•779*8®. Cbap, 41.

No prcfept-mcnt for bridge, expellee whereof not $ooI. npr till affidavit at affixes that the bridge is

fafe,&c. M htrein.

No toll exceeding the Ibmc horean.

Tk: tuMfUeuib and tweafatb Trart $f OeMft HT. and if fuch prefcntmcnt (hall be confirmed by the rerdid of a petty jury, or that fuch traverfe fhall not be tried on either of the fcid affixes or terms, then in either calc fuch pie-fentroent thaii be fully confirmed and efcaMifbed; and the jury, who tries fuch traverfe, fhaU have full power to inquire into any lois or injury, which any individual may receive on account of eroding fuch bridge or laying out or making the approaches thereto, and to afeertain what may be a proper ooxnpenfation for fuch lofs or injury ; which fum fo a [certain ed by the faid jury frail be paid to the perfon or perfota, who are to fuffer fuch lofs or injury.

V.	And be it eaaded by tfie authority aforefaid, that no prefehtment fhall be made in purfuance of this ad for any bridge, the expence of eroding which fhall not at the leaf! amount to the fum of five hundred pounds fterling; and that no toll* fhall be taken for paffing any fuch bridge, until an affidavit fhall be fwom before one of the judges of affize, or before the juftice* of the peace at a general quarter feffi-pns of fuefi county or county of a city or town, m which fuch bridge fhall be fo built, by the archited of faid bridge, or by fome perfon employed under him in keeping the account of the evpences of building the fame, or by the per* fon or perfons at whole expence fuch bridge (hall be fo built, in which affidavit fhall be fworn, that fuch bridge is lo far finifhedand compleated as to admit the fafe and eafy pafiage of cattle and carriages, and that the expence of budding the fiunc hath amounted to the film of five hundred pounds at the leaft, fpecifying the particular fum according to the knowledge and opinion of the perfon or perfons fo making the faid affidavit to which the laid expences fhall have amounted, and until fuch affidavit be depofited with the clerk of the crown if fworo at the aifizes, or clerk of the peace if fworn at the fdfions of fuch county or county of a city or town, m which fuch bridge (hall be fo built as aforefaid.

VI.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, that in no cafe whatfoever (hall any tolls be prefented by any grand jury in purfuance of this a&, which fh^ll exceed the following fums refpe&ivcly, that is to fay, for every coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chaife, or chair drawn by fix horfes, £e&» mgs, mares, or mules, the fum of one (hilling and fix pence ; for every coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chaile, or chair drawn by any lefier number of horfes, geldings, marts, or mules than fix, or more than two, one (hilling; for every coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chai(e, or chair drawn by two horfes, geldings, mares, or mules, fix pence ; for every carriage, commonly called a cjiaife or chair, drawn by one borfe, gelding, mare, or mule, three pence ; for every waggon, wain, or car with four wheels, two (hillings ; for every waggon, wain, or car with two wheels drawn by more than

two

Digitized by

Google

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George III. t«vo horfes, geldings, mart s, mules, or oxen, one {hilling . for every waggon, wain, or car with two wheel?, drawn by two horfes, geldings, mares, mules, or oxen, fix pence ; for every car or other carriage drawn but by one horfe, gelding, mare, or mule, two pence ; for every horfe, gelding, mare, mule, or als laden or unladen and not drawing, one penny halfpenny ; for every drove of oxen, cows, or neat cattle, the fum of one (hilling and eight pence per fcore, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler number ; for every drove of calves, hogs, (beep, or lambs, the fum of five pence per fcore, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler cumber; and for every man, wonr\an, or child, one halfpenny.

VII.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That Qn fome part of fuch bridge, as (hall be built in purfuance and gate erects of this a£t, a toll houfe and gate (hail be erected by fuch e«l on fucb perfon or perfons building fuch bridge, who (hall at fuch bridge, gate be intit led to receive fuch tolls, as (hall be agreed on, prefented and confirmed as aforefaid, not exceeding the re* fpective toll herein before fpecially fet forth, before the paf-fage of any perfon, cattle, or carriage, through the faid gate ; and that any perfon forcing , a paflage through fuch on ^rcin gate for him or Uerftjf, his* or her carriage, carriages, or paflage, fum-cattle, and not paying thc dqe and regulated toll, may for moned to ap-fuch offence be fummoned perfonaUy* or by an order left at	r

his or her ufual place of habitation with fome perfon refid- fo^othenvTfc* ing therein of the age of fixteen years and upwards, at the offending, pu-initance of the owner or owners of the faid tolls, or of the nifhed as perfon or perfons appointed by him, her, or them to re-* berem. ceive the fame, ten days before his appearance is required, to appear before one of the next refiding juft ices of the peace for the county in which fuch bridge (hall lie, or if on the hounds of two counties then before ope of the next refid-jng juftices of the peace for either county, who (hall hear and determine the merits of the faid complaint in a fum* mary way by the oath or oaths of one or more credible .witnef? cx \\itneflca (wljich oath or oaths fuch juftice of the peace is hereby required and impowered to adminifter^ and to inquire into and determine any offence aforefaid, and fhall in the. cafe of proof of fuch outrage and forcible paflage	*

(whether the party complained againft appear or not) if the fervicc of the fun?iAona be duly proved, adjudge the perfon or perfons guilty of the fame to pay unto the perfon or perfons iqtitled to receive the faid toll, or the perfon or perfons by him, her, or them, impowered to collefl the fame, any fum not exceeding ten (hillings fterling, with the neceflary colls and charges ; and in gafe fuch complaint fhall appear groundless and unjuft, then iuch juftice of the peace fhall adjudge to theperlon or perfons fo unjuftly complained againft any fum not exceeding ten (hillings fterling, to be Vol. VI.	N	n	paid

561

'A. I*

1 779-80. Chap. 41.

• ' 1

. :*** f,

1.. .

'•v

' i

Kl

tt2

A. t). *

! 779*^^* Chap. 4l*

Copy of pre-

fentmentand fchcdulc of tolls in Urge lcttcis, I cnalty 20* on ga:c keeper.

Ticket* delivered on paffing, ice.

The nmrtttnth and twentieth Years of George III.

S*i by the perfon or perfons fo preferring the faid onju^ complaint; and in either cafe the fum fo to be adjudged by fuch juil’ce of the peace, if not paid immediately by the perfon cr perrons adjudged to pay the fame, (hall and maybe levied by a warrant of diftrels under the hand and feal of fuch juftice of the peace on the goods and chatties of the perfon or perfony fo adjudged to pay the fame 5 and the goods and chatties fo diftrained, {hell and may on any day ahei thefpaceof three days from the time of diftraining the fame, and within the fpaoe of ten days, be publickly fold by the perfon, to whom the faid warrant of diftrefs fhaB be granted ; and out of the produce thereof the fum fo adjudged (hail be paia to the perfon or perfons intitled to receive the fame; and if ary overplus {hall remain after deducing the faid fum adjudged and the neceflary cofts and charges, the fame fliall be paid over to the owner or owners of the goods and chatties fo diilrained and fold as afore fa id.

VIII.	And be it enafted by the authority afbrcfaid, that on fome convenient place on every fuch bridge and near the toll gate there /hall be affixed a hoard or ftone, on which fhall be diftinftly painted or carved in large letters a copy of the entire prefer tment of the grand jury, by virtue of which fuch bridge /hull be erefted, and alfo of the fchednle cf tolls affixed thereunto, under the penalty of twenty (hillings to be levied on fuch gate-keeper, upon complaint made in manner aforementioned of fuch negleft, to be levied a3 aforefaid.

IX.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, that on palling fuch toll gate a proper ticket or tickets fhall be delivered to the perfon or perfons palling the fame for him, her, or themfelves, his, her, or their carriages or cattle: and that if any perfon or perfons having paid the toll or duty by the preferment founded on this aft made payable, and haring received fuch note or ticket as is hereby directed, fhall give or difpofe of the fame to any other perfon or perfons to elude the juft payment of the faid toll or duty, every fuch pprfon fo giving, and every perfon fo receiving, fuch note or ticket, and being thereof couvifted upon the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes before fuch juftice of the peace as aforefaid, (which oath the faid juftice of the peace is hereby empowered and required to adminifter) fha2 forfeit, the fum of ten {hillings fterling, to be recovered, levied, and difpofed of, as any other penalties and forfeitures atedireftedto be recovered, levied, and difpofed of, by this aft : provided that no perfon be obliged to pay more than once in each day for palling fueb bridge to be built in pur-fuance of this aft.

3LA*1

'The nineteenth and twentieth Tears cf George JI1.	#

Abe it enafted by the authority aforefaid, that nq * A. D.* tridge (hall be erefted in purfuapee o£ this aft on any ri%fcr 17.79*8^. -or water within one mile of any eftablifiied and lawful ferty Chap. 41. over inch river or water without the eonfent of the owner or v—^ owners of fuch ferry under hi?, her, or their hand and feal *J? kri(12f. £rfl. had and obtained; and in fuch cafe fuch content Ihailbe f^rrywrith-rccited fpecially in the prebutment, which ihall be made in out eonfent.

. purfuance of this aft.

XI. And be it enafted by the authority aforesaid, that if	If fuch bridge £uch bridge ihall extend into more than one county, it ihall j”. jj be neceftary to obtain fuch prefentment and to make fuch af-' b^nerciiary to

davit, as is herein already mentioned, in each of fuch obtain prefer counties, before any toll (hall be levied or paid in purfuance ment. of this aft.

XII.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, that ej^[tC^a^ at any time after the expiration of forty one years from the Judes may rc--cortipleating aud opening of any bridge to be built in purfu- deem fuch toll, ance of this aft it (hall and may be lawful for the grand

jury of the county, in which £uch bridge (hall be fltuated, or 1/ iituate4 iit two counties then for the grand juries of the iaid counties, to redeem the toljsfo prefented as aforefaid by paying in one fum to the perfon or pexfons, who (hall then lx-the owner or owner? of {Vid toils, the original fum expended in building fuch bridge, with any deficiency of in-tereft which may arife, in cafe by the perception of the tolls £he perfon or perfons intitled to the laid tolls fhall not have received frotn time to time above all neceffary cods and charges of repair and receipt of faid tolls the legal intereft at.the lca/f for.the money^at firft expended in building and •are&ing fuch bridge ; and on fuch payment of the original fcm Co expended, and of fuch deficiency if any there (hall be,

-then the fai<J toll fhalj Oeafe, and the paflfage of fuch bridge flut 11 be open and free to all cattle, carriages, find perfons whatfitever*

XIII; And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, that Grand Juries the'faid grand jury or grand juries of the couaiy or caun- jmpowcredto ties refpeftivdy, as the cafe may happen, may, be empow- ri:i,c mrney cred to - raife by peeferttmeot on fuch county or counties at Pxclc,itmcflt-large, if they. (hajl think it of advantage to the county fo- io do,^ fuch fujh or fums of money as may be fufficient	,

to difeharge fuch fum fo expended and diftuifed, with in-tere’ft thereof to the perfon or perfons who have built or ere died bridges, in manner as aforefaid, fubject to fuch tm-verfes as aforefaid.

XIV.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, that Trnant< for all tenants for life in faid lands, on which.any fuch bridge or life may conient ."bridges (hall be built or erefted, ihall have full power to fridgc^Ic. give eonfent to ereft bridges* or make* approaches to the iante, under audfubjeft to the compensations, condition^, and

•	Nd2	provifo«s

Suit? for a^iii£ laid in the county whore bridge crcded, See.

None (hail bake or fell bread in Cork till regiftryof name and. abode.

Oath previous to rcgiftrjr.

. 7be nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George IIL \ prdvifoes in this a<5l, and that fach confent (hall be bmdiog and condulive upon all perfons, who may be intitkd to nry eflate in remainder or reverfion.

XV.	And be it ena&ed by the authority afordind, that if any fuit fhall be commenced againft any perfon or pcrfoai for any thing done in purfuancc of this ad, that in every fuch cafe the a&ion fhall be brought in the county, in which iuch bridge fhall be ere&ed, or if more than one .county ii either of fuch counties, and not elfewhere; and the defend** or defendants in fuch a&ion or aftions may plead the general iffue, and give this ad and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the dune wa done in purfuance of and by the authority of this aft: and if it (hall appear fo to be done, or fuch aftion or aftioos fhall be brought in any other county, that then the jury fhall find for the defendant or defendants j and upon foch vtivdid, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hould be noofoited, or difeonrinue his, her, or their a&ion after the defendant or defendants fhall have appeared, or if any demurrer or judgment fhall be given. againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs,tltf defendant or defendants fhall and may recover treble cdb> and have the like remedy for the fame, as is by law allowed to any defendant or defendants in any cafe whstk ever.

C H A P,> XLII,

An A8 for regulating the Baling Trade in the City of Cork

XXiTHEREAS it is highly neceflary to regulate the w * * nufa&ure of bread in the city of Coik, and to prevm the many unfair practices made ufe of in carrying on fail bufinefs, to the great oppreflion of the poor; for remedy whereof be it enabled by the king’s mod excellent Majefty by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpintml and temporal and commons in this prefent, parliament if-fembled, and by the authority of the fame, that fan tad after the fir# day of September one thoufond feven hundred and eighty no perfon fhall make or bake for foie, or fell or expofe to fale, any bread within the faid city or tk • liberties thereof, unlefsTuch perfon fhall firft regifter his or her name and place of abode in fome book to be kcptfcr that purpofe by the mayor of the laid city, in which a* tries fhall be alfo expreffed the rcfpe&ive times of maki^ luch entries,

II. And be it ena&ed by the authority afortfod* tk no perfon fhall be regiftered m the manner herritrMtt directed, unlefs he (he fhall fwear, efr beiqg of the'jjfcopk called quakers affirm, in the folio wing manner, that is to

¥hb nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George III.

I A. B. do fwear, (orfolemnly affirm as the cafe JhalT require) that I will not enter into any unlawful combination whatfoeuer to raife the price of bread, or of corn* mealy or flour, or into atny unlawful combination not to bake ; and that I .will no^ knowingly make, bake, or fell, or permit to be made, baked, or fold, for my ufe any bread, in which any other ingredient or mixture fhall be put, fa ve only the genuine flour or meal of the grain> andfait, water, and barm or yeafl, pr fgg'y or milk.

which oath the mayor of the faid city is empowered and required to admin ifter.

III.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, that. Bakin? or if any perfon do or (hall from and after the time aforefaid w^*out make or bake for (ale, or fell or expole to fale, any bread

within the faid city or liberties without having been regifter- l0forfeit si.’ «d, and having taken the oath Qr made the affirmation as herein before directed, he, (he, or they To offending therein, ^ and being thereof conyi&ed in manner herein after mentioned, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fumof five, pounds, to be paid over to.the governors of the work Houfa of the faid city, together with the forfeiture of the bread fo made or baked for fale, or fold or expofed to fale by fuch perfon, not being regiftered or not having taken the oath or made the affirmation aforefaid; and which bread the mayor of the faid city, or any one or more of the market jury of the faid city, are hereby empowered to feize; which faid bread (hall be jjiven to the poor of the pariffi, wherein the fame (hall be feizecL

IV.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, that no None except

perfon except a common baker, who (hall be regiftered, and common baker, ihall take the oath or make the affirmation aforefaid, (hall	1

expofe to fale in the faid city of Cork, or the fuburbs or li-

bertieB thereof, any bread, except halfpenny and penny herein, rolls, on pain that fuch perfon, and the baker employing fuch perfon to fell fuch bread, (hall refpeftively forfeit two (hillings and fix pence for each offence, to be recovered as other A • forfeitures in this a&, one moiety to the informer and the other to the poor of the pariffi.

V.	And be it enaftea by the authority aforefaid, that Baker* nf every perfon or perfons, who (hall,from and after the time

aforefaid make or bake for fale, or fell or expofe to falerwithin thcl,a^e^ the (aid city or the liberties thereof any fort of white, wheaten, &c 0n every or houffiold bread, (hall from time to time caufe to be fair- loaf, &c. a* ly imprinted or marked on every loaf of fuch broad the terem. name of the baker of fuch bread, and alfo the number of^ pounds fuch loaf (hall weigh ; and that every perfon, who (hall * fo make or bake for fale, or (hall fell or expofe to fale, any loaf or loaves of white, ‘wheaten, or ho'^ehold bread,

. ,, whi#h •



Digitized by

GoqiJcw .

The nineteenth and twentieth 'Tents of Gtoe^t III. whi h (hall not be fo marked as aforefaid, or fhall. make, fJfe or expofe to fale, any bread deficient in weight according to the affile of bread prefcribed by an aft peflTed in tkis kingdom in the'firft year of George the fecond, entitled, Jfn ad fir regulating tbs price aud njfiee bf bread and the mhrlets, lhail m either of faid cafes upon cohviftion. thereof according to th? methods prefcribed by faid aft be pumfhed in fitch manner and under fbch penalties, regulations, and allowances, as are fet forth in faid aft in cafes, where bread is deficient

in weight.

be it enafted by the authority afore faid, that snaked forfeit ^-an7 perfon/or perfons (Hall after the time aforefaid make ®ot. *	or bake for fale, or fell, or expofe for fak, within khe fek!

city or liberties any loaf of fuch. white, wheatcnx orlsoufe-bold bicad, on which the real name b’f the -perfon, who baked fuch loaf or loaves, fhall not be *mVked as aforefaid, he, fhe, or they fb olfencChg lr; the pferalfTes^ and being ‘thereof ednvifted in the manner Kfrejrr itfentroncdv IHaB forfeit for every fuch offenCe tlfe fum of twenty (Killings, to be recovered 'and applied asTsfHerein mentioned;

Bread not VTI. And be p .ena/fed by/the authority afortferd, that fb aurked may from and after the timk aforefaid it, (FTall and. maty belaw be fefeed. ful for any peffoii, lawfully 'autj&fized to “36 the,Tame, ia the daytime to feizc arid take h way every loaf of fdch white, wheaten, /or houfhuld breS3, which fhall at a*ry time 01 times be found not marked a6 herein before direfted, and to

„	carry	the Tame before the Taid mayor1; and if he (hall find

fuch bread pot_ marked according to,the directions herein before mentioned, then and in efrery Rich caie^aJ! fuch bread hot fo marked (hall be forfeited, add the feme (Kail be gran away to the perfons feizing and infbnniOg> ortoand'amofiigil the poor of theparifh in which the feme fhall be* feized, cr ' in fuch other manner as the magiflrate fliall adjudge the feme to be forfeited fhall dileft.

Mayor, Ssc. VIII. And be it enafted by the autKorityiarfbrefefd, tbaitit my enter fh^ll and may be lawful toand for the faid mayor, or for ary a*c’\v VT'^d °n<! ^ mar^ret jury feid city at all times hereafter is trv the* nr cad	day time to enter into any boufe, oulhoufe, (hop, cr

as herein. * other place belonging to any perfon who fhall make or take for fale or who fhall fell any bread, and there to fearch Into the ingredients, which they fliall find any fuch perfon oficj in making bread, or which he hath ufed in making brad, and to view, weigh, and try all bread, which fhall ca any fuch fearch be found ; and if on fuch fearch any douA *01* bread fhall be found, in which any fuch ingredients act herein allowed to be ufed fhall be made ufc of, them ami is dvery fuch cafe it fliall and may be lawful to and for the f& mayor or afty of the faid market jury to feizc fuch irg-^ dienes, dough, and bread, and for the mayor of the fed

*;v

1 * N





framing

7"£* nineteenth and twentieth Teari o£ Gco^jL t;/-' city to difpofc of the fame in fuch manner, 99he fh*&	'

lit, and alfo to commit fuch perfon or perfgns, ip whofc (pdfr tody they (hall find fuch ingredients, (tough, or bread, to thfc common gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprizefuch number of-days not exceeding twooty.days,^theiaklinajpf according to his'discretion fhaYl think to coder and diteft*

IX.	And be it enabled by the authority afordai^ <th£ ______________

if any perfon or perfons fliall wilfully oppofc, rdfift, h&rdfcry hurdi, fcfcfeflT or ©bftru6t any fuch fearche9 as aforefaid, he, fhf, #F^jhey

fo offending therein, and being thereof convicted in attomupr herein mentioned, (hall for every fuch c?ffcnce-to*f%tt^*b»fom of live pounds, to be recovered in the manner heretB*jiire<fV-^d, and to be paid to the governors, of the faid^tp^^bufe for the uie of the fame.	t	,

X.	And be it enacted by the authority aforofaid, that the Forfeiture

feveral penalties and forfeitures herein before Ajcnnoqed, ex-	°*

Cept in fuch cafes as it is herein before otherwife 'provided,

ihall be recovered upon convi&ion by the confeffion of the party, or by the oath, or if the perfon be of the people called quakers, by the affirmation of one or more witnefs or witnefles before the faid mayor, to be levied by way of dif-trefs upon the goods and chatties of every fuch offender- by warrant from the faid mayor, returning the overplus; the faid forfeitures to be difbibuted amongit the	fuch

manner as the faid mayor fliall dire&.

XI.	Provided always, that no perfon fhall bf pflofecuted Pn.-fecution for any offence committed againft this act, unlefs fuch pro- in 3 months. * fecution fliall commence within three calendar months after

fuch offence committed,

XII.	Provided alfo, that nothing herein contained,* fcall French ro^a prohibit the baking or felling of French penny and halfpea- ’ *cc' as ny rolls in fuch manner, as has been accullomed..

XIII.	And be it enacled by the authority afprefaid, that Defendant any perfon, fued for any thing done in execution.of thisnCl, may plead ge* may plead the general iflue, .and give the fpccial matter«in nci;d hTue. evidence ; and if a verdict .fliall pafs for the defendant, onthe

plaintiff non-fuited, or judgment fliall pals, for the defendant in fuch fuit, he fliall recover treble coils.

XIV.	And be it enacted by tli£ authority aforefaid, that Continued thisadl fliall continue for two years from,the drib of Scptem- asheiein. her one thoufand feven hundred an4-eighty, and’Joom'tlienee

to the end of the then next feflion of Parliament, and np longer.	'	1

u*.

C H A P.

I	m

568	Tbf	(thirteenth	and twentieth Tears of George III.

A. O.

CHAP. XLIll.

4

An AB fo* continuing, altering, amending, and making more effectual an ad of parliament made and peffed in the feventeentb atid eighteenth years of the reign of bis prefent Majejly, enti-* Ked, An ad for continuing and amending an ad paffed in the fifteenth andfifteenth years of the reign of bis prefent Majefiy,

, *	entitled.	An	ad	for continuing an ad pajfed in the frvenih

year oj the reign of his late Majejly king George the fecond, entitled, An ad for making more cffedual an ad pajfed in the third s fear of the reign of his late Majejly king George tie fee and, entitkd, An ad for repairing the road leading from *	the city, of Dublin to the town of Navan in the county of

Meat hi and for repairing the road leading from the fold town of Navan to the town of Nobler in the faid county ; and alfo for repairing the road leading from the fad town of No* van to the town of Kells in the faid county•

Recital of "T XT'HERE AS by an ad of parliament pafled in the St>. ». a. 19. VV third year of the reign of his late Majefty king George the fecond, entitled, An ad for the repairing the road leadirtg from the city of Dublin to the town of Navan in the county of Meath, fcveul tolls and duties were granted and ,	made payable for repairing the faid road, which faid aft

took place and commenced the tenth day of May in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and thirty, and from thence continued in force /or and during the term of twenty-one years: and whereas by another ad pafled in the ferenth year of the reign of his faid late Majefty king George 7 O. a. c. m. the fecond, entitled, An ad for making more ejfedual an c3 Puffed in the third year of the reign of bis faid Majejly king George the fecond\ entitled, An ad for repairing the road lead-‘ing from the city of Dublin to the town of Navan in the county of Meath, and for repairing the roads leading from the faid town of Navan to the town of Nobber in the faid county, as aljb for repairing the road leading from the town of Navan to the town of Kells in faid county, it was amongft other rhingi enaded, that the faid ad, made in the third year of his faid late Majefty’s reigti, and all and every the powers and authorities therein contained (except what was thereby altered) fhould be of full force and effed, and fliould continue from and after the expiration of the faid term of twenty one years • for*and during the further term of twenty-four years and Upm thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament:

*	and whereas by an ad of parliament pafled in the fifteenth and fixtcuith yem% of \h: rc’gn of his prefent-Majefty king

#	*	-	.	George

*\



Digitized

I by Google

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George III.	569

George the third, entitled. An ad for continuing an ad faffed A. D. in the feventh year of bis feud late Majejly king George the 1779-80. fecond, entitled, An aS for making more ejfcducd an ad faffed Chap. 43; in the third year of the reign of Ids faid Majejly king George the	/

fecondy entitled, An ad for repairing the road leading from the *5 and 16 O. city of Dublin to the town of Navan in the county of Mcatby 3' c* 37-and for refairing the roads leading from the faid town of Navan So the town of Nobler in the faid county, as alfo for repairing the road leading from the faid town of Navan to the town of /Alls in the faid county, it was ena&ed, that the faid recited a£s, and tiie powers and authorities therein contained, fhould have continuance and be executed from and after the expiration of the faid terms of twenty-one years and twenty-four years for and during the further term of two years, and from thence to the end of the then next fefiion of parliament : and whereas by another a& of parliament paifed in the feventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign of his prefent Majcfty king George the third, entitled, An ad for 1 7 and 18 G. continuing and amending an ad faffed in the fifteenth andfix- 3. c. 37. teenth years of the reign of his frefint Majejly, entitled, An ad for continuing an ad fajjed in the feventh year of the reign of his late Majejly king George the fecond, entitled, An ad for making more ejfedual an ad faffed in the third year of the reign of his faid late Majejly king George the fecond, entitled, An ad for repairing the road leading from the city of Dublin to the town of Navan in the county of Meath, and for repairing the roads lead-ing from the faid town of Navan to the town of Nobler in the faid county, as alfo for repairing the road leading from the faid town of Navan to the town of Kells in the faid county, it was ena&ed, that the faid feveral herein before recited a&s, and every power and authority therein contained, fhould be of full force and effe& from and after the end of the then prefent fefiion of parliament for and during the further term of one year, and until the end of the then next enfuing fefiion of parliament, excepting fuch parts of the faid adts as did relate to the roads leading from Navan to Nobber, and from Navan to Kells, in the faid county of Meath: and whereas it was enacled by the faid recited a& palled in the feventh year of the reign of his faid late Majefty king George the fecond, that the then trufteeg, and the furvivors and furvi-vor of them, and thofe perfons who fhould thereafter be chofen truflees by virtue of the faid a&, were ana fhould be nominated and appointed truftees for the better furveying, ordering, amending, and keeping in repair the feveral roaus aforefaid, leading from the city of Dublin to the town of Navan, and alfo the road leading from the faid town of Navan to the town of Kells, and alfo the road leading from the faid town of Navan to the town of Nobber in the faid county of Meath, and for putting all other the powers in

execution

Digitized by

Google - -

Recital of

3- c- 37.

17 and 18 G, * c. 37-

The nmeietrilb and fsvtrrhcih Tears of Gcoige III-execution by that and the former aft given for the better amending and repairing the faid toads; and that the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, or fuch petfon orper-fons as they or any five or more of them fhould authorize and appoint, fhould and might etoft, or cauSe to be erefted, one or more turnpike or turnpikes, and toll houfe and toll houfes, and one or more gate or gates, on any crofs road or roads on each of the faid roads leading from the faid town of Navan to the town of Kells, and from the faid town of Navan to the town of Nobber aforefaid, and fhould there take and receive the tolls and duties in faid aft particularly fpccified and fet forth : be it enafted by the King's moil excellent Majefty by and with the advice and conCrnt of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the feme, that the faid truftees, and thofe perfons who fhall be appointed truftees by virtue of the faid recited afts and of this aft, fhall be truftees for the better furveymg and altering, and 3G.2.C. 19. repairing the road leading from the city of Dublin to the 7	*• c- 21* town of Navan, and for that road only, and not for the

1 $ and 16 G. roa(j	from	the	town	of	NaVan	to	the	town of Kells,

or from the town of Navan to the town of Nobber; and that they or any of them fhall not have power to ereft, or to authorize any perfon or perfous to ereft or caufe to be ereft-ed, one or more turnpike or turnpikes, or one or more toll houfe or toll houfes, or one or more gate or gates, on any crofs road or roads on either of the faid roads leading from the (aid town of Navan to the town of Kells or Nobber re-fpcftivdy, and that they fhall not take or receive the tolls or duties in the faid aft fpecified and particularly thereto fet forth, or any toll upon any part of faid road leading from Navan to Kells, or Navan to Nobber; and that the (aid former recited afts and each of them, and all and every the pqwers therein contained, fo far as they relate to the laid road from Navan to Kells, and from Navan to Nobber, be and are hereby repealed, and declared null and void to all intents and purpofes.

II. And whereas it is found by experience, that the tolls and duties granted and made payable by the faid feveral recited afts have not been fufficient to pay the intereft of the debts coirtrafted for making the faid road, or to keep the fame in (tnficient order or repair, and to pay the other ne-ceflary expences attending the fame ; and that notwithftand-ing the expenditures of confiderable fums laid out thereupon the laid road is not in good fufficient topair for travelling thereon, and therefore that it is expedient and proper for the good of the community to make the feveral adda^qs and provifions herein after mentioned for the more efteftu-•Uy amending and repairing the ftud road, and keeping the

fame

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of Geof^e III.	fjl

feme in good order and repair, and for the better fecurfng	A. D.

the debts now due or which fhail hereafter become due on	1779-80.

account of the faid roads for the honeft and fair creditor, Chap. 43. and for defraying the other nectflary expenccs attending and v— incident thereto: be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, ggjd recited that the faid feveral herein before recited a&s of parliament, (£»ve as altered) and all and every the authorities, powers, rules, penalties, f° *** M ***?** claufes, and conditions therein contained (except what arc hereby changed and altered) fo far as the fame relate to the WMn continued road leading from the city of Dublin through Stoneybatter, 31 years, Uc. Caftlcknock, Glonee, Dunfhaghlin, Hiil of Tarra, to the town of Navan fhail be of full force and effeft, and (hall continue and be executed from and after the end of this pre-fent felfion of parliament, for and during the further term of thirty-ont years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament for the intents and purpofes iu t\it faid recited afts, and of thofe herein after mentioned and excepted*; and that the faid recited afts, and all the powers and authorities therein and thereby granted and given, Aid! from the lirft day of Auguft one thoufand feven hundred and eighty extend to the repairing and amending, andkeep-irtg in repair, the faid road leading from the city of Dublin to the town of Navan, and no other road, as if the fame powers and authorities granted and given by the fa;d fcfts, or any of them, were herein again repeated and re-enaft^i in this prefent aft; any thing in the faid feveral recited Former afts contained to the contrary notwithflanding.

III. And to the end aforefaid, be it further enafted by tbe authority aforefaid, that the perfons nominated and appointed in and by virtue of the faid recited afts and the perfons who have been occafionally from time to time elefted truflees in the room of thofe, who died or were removed, purfuant to the power of cleftion in faid recited afts, and thofe perfons herein after named, viz. the earl of Weft-roeath, earl Rofs, lord vifeount Boyne, Arys. Plunket, commonly called earl Fingall, Jenicho Prefton commonly called lord vifeount Gormanftown, honourable Gu Turns Hamilton, honourable George Plunket commonly called lord Killeen, lir Edward Ncwenham, knight, honourable George Nugent commonly called lord Delvin, Jofeph Deane cfquire, honourable Robert Rochfort, George Rochfort efquire, right honourable William Burton, right honourable James Fortefcue, right honourable Theophilus Clements, right honourable John Fofter, reverend William Fofter,

Thomas Chapman efquire, John Finlay efquire, William Finlay cfquire, John Godley efquire, Robert Wade efquire,

Michael Daniel efquire, Robert Tighe efquire, Daniel Ti^he efquire, James O'Reilly efquire, Thomas O'Reilly efquire.

Lake

Digitized by

Google

Perfoos appointed and

The nineteenth anJt went tenth Tears of George IIL Luke Gardiner efquire, James Wilfon efquire the younger, honourable the bifhop of LetghHn and Ferns, John Dillon efquire, Ulick Allen efquire, Francis Hopkins efquire, Francis Lowndps efquire, William Webb efquire, Charles Lambert efquire, James Dutton efquire, Jofeph Prefton, efquire, the reverend Richard Godley, George Montgomery efquire. Sir James Somerville baronet, Thomas Nefbit efquire, John Forbes efquire, Walter Evans efquire, Gufta-?us Hume efquire, William Colville efquire, Hugh Bowen efquire, Hugh Wilfon efquire, William Smyth efquire, Mark Syunot efquire, Ralph Smyth efquire, William Thomas Smyth efquire, Sydenham Singleton efquire, John Bolton efquire, John Tandy efquire, George Paul Monck efquire, William Somerville efquire, Henry Cope efquire, fir Michael Cromie baronet, Robert Forde efquire, Gilbert King efquire, John Wallis efquire, John Lowther efquire, captain Evans, Charles Hamilton efquire, Edward Jones efquire, Samuel Fofter efqutre, John Leigh efquire, Hugh Reilly efquire, reverend William Grucber, the reverend dodor Woodward, Thomas Trotter efquire, Henry Sandford efquire, the younger, Phillip Batty efquire, Henry Wood efquire, John Steer efquire, Hart court Lightburne efquire, the right bo-nourable Thomas Conolly, Laurence Harman Harman efquire, reverend Nathaniel Prefton, colonel Arthur Prefton, Robert Percival efquire, Robert Reynel efquire, William Naper efquire, reverend George Lambart, the honourable ana reverend Thomas Stanford, the right honourable lord Farnham, the right honourable lord Headford, the honourable Clotworthy Rowley, the honourable Hercules Rowley, the honourable Hercules Langford Taylor, the honourable John James Barry Maxwell, Benjamin Chapman efquire, William Chapman efquire, the reverend dean Richard Moore, and Mr. Patrick McLoughlin, {hall be the truftees for potting the faid feveral recited former ads and this prefent ad

*nto cxccut*on» *nd all the powers and authorities therein **** and herein given and enaded (fave only fuch powers as are by this ad repealed) to all intents and purpofes, as if they had been named in this prefent ad, with the like power of eleding truftees upon the fame occafions and events during the continuance of this ad as is given to the truftees in the former recited ads and in this prefent as if the fame were herein particularly fet forth and mentioned: provided that at every eledion to be had for truftees or any truftee tberebe feven or more attending truftees, otherwife the eledion {hall * be null and void.

IV. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid truftees, or any reyen or more pf them, or fuch perfon or perfons as they or any^fevtn or more of them {hall authorize and appoint,

from

Digitized by v^ooQle

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George III.	57j

from and after the firft day of Auguft one thoufand feven	A. D.

hundred and eighty to ere& or caufe to be ere&ed one or	1779-80.

-more gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes, in, upon, or Chap. 43. acrofs any part or parts of faid highways or roads between the city of Dublin through Stoneybatter, Caftleknock,

Olonee, Dunfhaghlin, Hdjtpf Tarra to the town of Navan, and alfo a toll houfe or tollnoufes, and alfo to ere& or caufe to be ere&ed one or more gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes, on the fide of the faid highways or ro«ds acrofs any way or lane leading out of the faid road or any part thereof from the city of Dublin to the town of Navan through the refpedive places afore (aid, as alfo a toll houfe or toll houfes, and there and from thenceforth during the continuance of the faid former a&s and of this prefent ad, inftefcd of the ufual and accuftomed tolls and duties, hitherto paid and made payable by the faid recited former ads or any of them, (hall * receive and take the tolls and duties following, before any horfe, mare, gelding, afs, or mule, cattle, coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chaife, chair, cabriole, waggon, wain, cart, carr, or other carriage (hall be permitted to pals through the fame; that is to fay, for every coach, berlin, chariot, ^ chaife, or chair drawn by fix horfes, geldings, mares, or mules, one (hilling and fix pence; and for every coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chaife, or chair drawn by four horfes, geldings, mares, or mules, one (hilling; and for every coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chaife or chair drawn by two horfes, geldings, mares, or mules, fix pence halfpenny; for every waggon, wain, cart, or carriage with four wheels with two or more horfes, geldings, mares, or mules, five (hillings; for every waggon, wain, cart, or carriage with two wneels drawn by two horfes, geldings, mares, mules, or beads of burthen fix pence; and for every waggon, wain, cart, or carriage with two wheels drawn by three or more horfes, geldings, mares, or mules, two (hillings and fix pence; for every carriage commonly called a chaife or chair or capriole drawn by one horfe, gelding, mare, or mule four pence; for every cart with one horfe, gelding, mare, or mule with one pair of wheels, two pence; for every car with one horfe, mare, mule, or gelding three halfpence ; for every horfe, gelding, mare, mule, or afs, laden or unladen, one penny ; for every drove of oxen, cows, bulls, or bullocks, one (hilling and four pence per fcore, and fo in proportion for any greater or letter number; and for every drove of calves, hogs, (heep, or lambs, eight pence by the fcore, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler number; and for every carriage whereon any mill (lone (hall be borne or carried two (hillings, and two or more cars bound together carrying timber or otherwife with two or

more

I

574 A, D 1779-80. Chap. 43.

Said toDs nftediofud truftcts.

7 trufoes nay on refufcl levy by diftrcft, and (ale in 4 days.

The nineteenth twentieth Tears of. George IIL wore horfes, geldings, mare$, or mule?, to pay the fum of three /hillings ; and every car with Kilkenny coals, not having their wheels refpedively q{ the breadth of three inches, to pay from the time aforefaid as any other car qo twit branding aay exemption or privilege for any fucb ia any of the faid recited former ads fpecififeAtod contained ; and » cafe the wheels of fwch cars qarryi^yKilkenny cpal as tforefaid (hall be made of the breadth above required/ theo and ia fuch cafe all fucb car? to pafu free,* and be exempt from paying any toll or doty, whatsoever upon any part of the laid road.

V.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-laid, that the faid refpedive fum and fonts of money ihall be g demanded and taken refpedively in the name of or as a toll or tolls 5 and that the money thereby-to be raifed and collected at the fevcral gates ereded or to be ereded by virtue of the faid recited ads or this ad (hall and are hereby declared to be veiled in the faid truftces, fobjed and liable neverthelefs to the payment of the money heretofore borrowed upon the credit of (aid road, and (till due, amounting to the fum of eleven thoufitnd pounds or thereabouts, with intereft thereon now or hereafter to grow due for the fame, ahd fubjed alfo to any further or future fum of money that Shall or may be raifed and borrowed by faid traftees for the ufes of and towards repairing the (aid road, and the other neccflary cxpences attending the fame, • and the laid tolls, and that every part thereof (Hal 1 be paid, applied, difpofed of, and afligned to and for the feveral ufes, intents, and pur-pofes, and in fucb manner, as i$ herein after and in the fai^ feveral recited former ads mentioned and direded.

VI.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, that the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, be hereby impowered by themfelvcs or any perfon or perfons by them or any feven or more of them under their hands and (cals authorized, to levy the feveral and refpedive tolls by this ad laid upon any perfon or perfonfc, who (hall after demand made thereof at any of the feveral and refpedive gates, already ereded or to be hereafter ereded by virtue of this ad or the former recited ads between Dublin and Navan, negled or refufe to pay the fame, by diftrefs of any horfe or hoifes, or other cattle whatfoever, or goods, upon which fuch toll or duty is by this ad or the recited ads impofed, or upon any of the goods or chatties of fuch perfon oir per-fons who ought to pay the fame, and may retain and keep the fame, until fuch toll with the reafonable charges of fuch diftraining and detaining (hall be paid; and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the perfon or perfons fo diftraining after the fpace of four days after fuch diftrefs made and takch to fell the faid cattle or goods b diftrained, returning the

overplus,

Digitized by v^ooQle

*

TA/ nineteenth and twentieth Tear* of George IIT.

•Overplus, if any be, upon demand to the owner or owners thereof, after (uch toll and reafonable charges for diftraining And keeping the fame (hall be dedufted and paid-

"VII. Provided always, and be it further enafted by the Authority aforefaid, that out of the money and tolls to be collefted by virtue of this ad, that all fuch cofts and ex- t?u* hrft ‘ pcnces, that fhall have incurred and become due in procuring *

And palling this ptefent ad, (hall be firft difeharged and paid; and from and after the payment thereof that then • and from thenceforth the profits arifing, and the toll to be colleded at any of the turnpikes or gates already ereded or to be ereded on the faid road, leading from the city of X)ublin to the town of Navan as aforefaid, (hall be applied for and towards the cqmpleat and effeftual repair of (aid road, and the other neceffary expences attending the fame,

And then to the payment and difeharge of the intereft of the faid fum of eleven thoufand pounds, (b advanced by the re-fpeftive creditors of the faid turnpike road leading from the city of Dublin to the town of Navan, and all arrears tberedf, upon the credit of the tolls ellablifijed by the faid feverai recited former ads; and that then and hot fooner the profits arifing by faid toll, and all fuch fum or fums of money as (hail be hereafter borrowed upon the credit of faid tolls and duties, (ball and may be d&ributed and paid imparti- ' ally and without preference to each creditor towards the di£» charge of intered proportionably to his or her principal fum fo lent or hereafter to be lent and advanced on the credit of faid tolls, not to exceed the rate of hx pounds fterling by the hundred.

VIII.	And whereas by the (aid recited aft of the fevtn-teenth and eighteenth years of the reign of his prefent Ma* jefty the faid roads leading from the town of Navan to the town of Nobber, and from the faid town of Navan to the faid town of Kells, in the faid iaft and in the faid feveral other former recited afts particularly mentioned, were dif-•continued, and have ever (ince ceafed to be deemed, taken, or confidered as publick turnpike roads in any manner what-foever; and it being now thought expedient and advifeable for the more eife&uaily carrying into execution the feveral purpofes and intentions of the faid feveral former recited afts and of this prefent aft, that the faid road, as herein before particularly deferibed, leading from the city of Dublin ;o the town of Navan, (hould be made into two divifi-ons: therefore be it further enafted by the authority afore- Divided iota faid, that the faid road leading as aforefaid from the city 0f Dublin to the town of Navan (hall be divided into two parts lou ro* or diflrifts, as follows, that is to fay, that fo much of the iaid road as reaches from Stoneybatter aforefaid to the Black ynil Jnn adjoining the turn of the road t</Trim, (hall hereafter

A	575

A. D.

*779-8o.

Exncnces of

Digitized by LrOOQle

3 O. 4.c. 19, f. 10. repealed.

Payment at ill gate, m herein.

But once a day in one dm. Hon.

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George III. after be known and diftinguifhed by the name of the foutbera division of the faid road; and fo much th&eof as reaches from the Black Bull Inn aforefaid, in and to the town of Navan, (hall hereafter be diftinguifhed and known by the name of the northern divifion of the faid road.

IX.	And whereas there is a provifoe in the firft recited ad paffed in the third year of his late Majefty king Geoigc the fecond, that in cafe there (hould be more than one gate or turnpike in, crofs, or on the fide of the laid highway or road between the (aid city of Dublin and the faid town of Navan, no perfon or perfons, who (hould have paid the toll or duty at the firft gate or turnpike, through which fuck perfon or perfon6 (hould pafs, and who (hould produce a note or ticket, that the faid toll or duty had been paid, (hould be liable to pay any toll gr duty at any other of the faid gates or turnpike upon or on the fide of the faid highway or road, who (hould deliver the laid note or ticket to the receiver or receivers, colledor or collectors, of the toll or duty at the latter gate or turnpike the fame day: be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, that the (aid claufe be repealed, and declared null android.

X.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid firft day of Auguft one thoufand feven hundred and eighty every perfon fhall pay the feveral and refpedivc tolls, herein before particularly mentioned and appointed, at -the firft gate that he, fhe, or they fhall pafs through In any one of the faid refpedive divifioos 5 and if he, (he, .br they (hall in the fame day travel or pafs over more of the faid road, than is contained in any oac of the faid divifions as before deferibed and mentioned, then and in every fuch cafe fuch perfon or perfons fhall pay the (aid rc-fpedive tolls and duties twice in the fame day, it being the true intent and meaning of this ad, that the payment of tolls at any of the gates or toll houfes on the fouthern divifion fhall not be an exemption from the payment of toll in the northern divifion, and that the payment of tolls at any of the gates or toll houfes ou the northern divifion fhall not be an exemption of payment of toll in the fouthem divifion of faid road; and that no perfon or perfons after the time aforefaid fhall travel over or pafs in one and the fame day more of the faid road, than is contained in any one of the foregoing divifions, without being compelled or compellable as aforefaid and obliged to pay the faid refpedive toU twice the fame day.

XL Provided always, and be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, that from and after the time aforefaid no perfon or perfons fhall be obliged to pay any of the faid tolls and duties more than once in the fame day within any one of the faid divifions of the faid road, but thay every per*

foa

Digitized by

Google

*fhe mncteentb an? twentieth Tears oj George III-fon having paid the find toll or duty, as hereby laid and irnt A. IX pofed, at any One of the gates erefted or to be ere&ed be*	177

tween the city of Dublin and the Black Bull Inn aforefaid, Cba^. 43* on producing a note or ticket thereof fhall be permitted to pafa ifree through all the other feveral gates within the fai<f divrfion any time during the day, in which he has once paid the ibid toll or duty as aforefaid, or on which the laid ticket bears date, and fo in like manner every perfon having paid the faid toll or duty at any one of the gates on the faia road between the laid Black Bull Inn and to the Ibid towil of Navan, called the northern divifion of laid road, lhall'oit producing fuch ticket be admitted to pafs free through all the feveral gates now or hereafter to be ere6kd within the faid divifion ; • which faid ticket or note the receiver or receivers, colleftor or collectors, at any of the laid* gates within either or any of the faid dnrifioiis are to give at the time of payment for the fame gratis*

XII.	And whereas there is a poorer in the faid firft recited act of the third year* of his faid' late Majefty for thsf furveyor or furveyors, or fuch perfons as he or they lhail appoint, to dig, raife* and carry away any gravel, furze, fand. Hones, or other materials in any grounds of ahy perfoitf or perfons whatfofcver, except as therein excepted, for the parpofes therein mentioned, paying to the owner or occupier of fuch grounds for the value thereof^ and making rea-fonabfe compcnfatioit for any damage done thereby to fuch’ owner or occupier; but it has been found, that as no pe-' nalty is inflicted by the faid a& for refufmg to permit the faid materials to be ufed and carried away for the purpofcs' aforefaid, particularly the digging for and raifing gravel V that fome perfons have taken advantage thereof and have refufed to permit the faid trullees or their furveyor to take away the fame for the ufe of fa# road, which hath fome-tifries been attended with inconvenience: therefore be if enacted by the authority aforefaid, that from and after the faid firft day of Auguft one thoufand feven hundred and eighty that any perfon or perfons, who lhail Tefufe, hinder, or prevent any feven or more of the faid truftces, or their t furveyor or furveyors, from entering upon any fuch grounds, rr^caiTrd carry as therein deferibeef and mentioned, and therein or thereon away material*, to dig, raife, gather* take, and carry away any gravel, M by 3 G. a. c. furze, fand, ftones, or other materials, for the purpolesand ^ - * 01 wt under the conditions therein mentioned, fuch perfon of* perfons Hjall forfeit and pay for every fuch offence the fum of twenty pounds, to be levied by diftrefs or fale of the • goods of fuch offender, or of fuch owner or occupier of fuch ground or land, by the warrant of any two of his Ma-	' 1

jelly’s juftices of the peace for the county, in which fuch offence lhail be committed* upon convi&ion on the oaths of Vol. VI.	O o	any

Refilling entrance to

Digitized by Google

______	,	t	«—_y	——**■

*>

n*

A. D.

1779 80.

Chap, 43.

«r

Powrr to

Infpctt fhc fiver from Black Ball to Nlulhud<Lrd, tie.

Tbf nmteenth and ttoerttietb Teaft of George III* •nyTeven of the (aid trufrees or of their forreyor or furvef* on M aforefaid.

XIII. And whereas a great part of the road lying between Clonee and the Black Bull is in winter fcafoes overflowed by the river which runs from the bridge on the Trim read near the Black Bull to the bridge of Nlulhuddsrd, oc-cafioned by the bank which dams in the (aid river being broken and worn away in fcveral places, and by the bed and tides of fatd river not being kept clean or open by the owners or occupiers of the lands through which the laid river runs as aforefaid, by means whereof the faid part of the road is greatly damaged, and the gravel fwept off the fame, and the road thereby rendered unfafe and dangerous to travellers: wherefore be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the furveyor or furveyors, appointed in virtue of the powers and purfu-ant thereto in the former recited ads and herein contained, and fuch perfon or perfons as he of they (hall, or the (aid Ait. (tees or any feven or more of them, (hall appoint, from trnie to time to view and infped the progrefs of the (aid river from the Black Bull bridge to the bridge of Mulhud-dard, and for that purpofe to enter upon the lands of the feveral perfons, through which the faid river runs, and when and fo often as he or they (hall find the faid river flopped or obftru&td, or the bank of faid river broken or likely to fail, or the bed or tides thereof choaked, and wanting to be cleared and emptied, to give notice in writing undet the hand or hands of the faid furveyor, or any feven or more of the (aid truflees, to all and every or any of the owners or occupiers of the ground, through which the faid river runs, and wherever the fame (hall be fo flopped, obftru&ed or prevented freely to flow, and want any fuch cleanting ©r emptying, or wherever thfbank and tides thereof (hall want fuch amending, tenewing and repairing as aforefaid, then and in all fuch cafes, and as often as either or any of them (hall happen, to cleanfe and fcour fuch part of the bed and tides of the faid river, and to repair, renew, and amend the banks thereof, as (hall in manner aforefaid need or require the fame, within twenty-one days after the fervice of fuch notice on fuch refpe&ive owners and occupiers as aforefaid ; and in cafe fuch owners and occupiers, or any of them, (hall negled to cleanfe and fcour the bed and tides of (aid river, or to repair, renew, and amend the banks thereof, within the fpaee aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful to and for. the (aid (ffrveyor or furveyors, or fach period or perfons as he or they, or the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, (hall appoint, to enter upon the farfe, and cleanfe and fcour, or caufe to be cleanfed and fcoured, fucb part of the bed and tides of the faid river, and repair, renew

Digitized by

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George III.

fcnd amend fuch parts of the banks thereof, as fhall need* and require the fame; and in order to reimburfe the expence <and expences of doing fo it (hall and may be lawful, upon an affidavit made by the faid furveyor or furveyors, or iuch perfon or perfons as he or they, or the faid truftees or any feven or more of them, fhall appoint, before any juftice of the peace of the county, wherein fuch cleaning or fcouring,

Of amending, renewing, and repairing fhall be made and done, of the amount of fuch rcfpe&ive charges for doing the fame, by the warrant of fuch juftice, which he is hereby authorized and dire&ed to grant, to levy by diilrefs and fale of the goods of fuch owner or occupier ncgle&ing or Omitting to cleanfe and fcour, or repair, renew, and amend the bed, Tides, and banks of the faid river, the full amount of fuch charges, rendering the overplus (if any fhall be) to fnch owner or occupier, the charges and cods of taking . iand making, and difpofing of fuch diftrefs being firft deluded:

XIV. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That Laying an-If any perfon or perfoafcfhall from and after the day afore- |,°yanc^°^ faid during the continuance of this act lay any turf, dung, fe^°rJ nibbifh, ftraw, or other filth, or the fcouring of any ditches owners or or drains, (tones, timber, or other annoyances upon the occupier*of * fides, or upon any part of the faid road, or fhall ferape the aujmn-gravel or rubbifh off any part thereof, or fhall lay ftraw on feeing-the fame to make dung or manure, every fuch perfon fo off gravel, or bffending, and the Owner or owners or occupiers of fuch laying ftraw ground or land adjoining the part or part^of the faid road, on which any turf, dung, ftraw, gravel, or rubbifh, or the or Clt 40S* fcouring of any ditch or drain, or any filth, ftone, or tim-* ber fhall be laid, or any perfon feraping gravel or rubbifh thereof, or lay ftraw for dung or manure on the fame, fhall upon convi&ion by the oath of one credible witnefs before any one juftice of the peace for the county, wherein fuch offence fhall be committed (which oath fuch juftice is hereby empowered to adminifter) forfeit a fum of forty fhillings, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the gpods of fuch offender, or of fuch owner or occupier fuch ground or land, by the warrant of any cyie fuch juftice of the peace in which fuch offence fhall be committed, the fame to be paid to the furveyor or furveyors of the faid road. Piovided that the owners or occupiers of any lands adjoining faid road, on which any turf, dung, ftraw, gravel, or rubbjfh, or the fcouring of any ditch or drain on the fides of faid road, or ' any filth, ftones, or timber, (hall be laid in manner aforefaid, (hall not clear away and effectually remove the fame vdthin ten days after fuch notice for that purpofe given by the faid furveyor, or by any written order from any feven or more of faid truftees.

O o 2	XV.	And

Digitized by

Goo<;

5#o

A. D. .

1779-80. Chap. 43.

Bui’ding within jo feet of centre, pulled down on 2 jufticc* warrant, &c.

Pimac np fun? pike, c<c. or ohitruaili^ the crc&iot), 20I.

To meet at Jtava", as herein.

The nmetetnib ttnJ tioentUibf Tear*	George III.

XV.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, if any perfon or perfons (hall at any time during the continuance of this ad build any houle or cottage, or begin to build any fuch, within thirty feet of the middle or centre of the fa id road, or any part thereof, it (hall and may be lawful in every fuch cafe for any two or more of his Majefty’s judiccs of the peace for fuch county, as any fuch houfe or cabbin (hall be built or be began to be built on, by warrant under their hands and feals to order and caufe the fame to be pulU d dc*vn ; and every fuch perfon or perfons building any fuch houfe, or beginning the fame, (hall alfo forfeit a lum of forty (hillings, to he levied in like manner as the other penalties herein mentioned are made payable and recoverable.

XVI.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefirid, "Hat ?f any perfon or perfons (hall wilfuHy or maliciou/Ty deftroy, break, pull down, or damage any gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes, toll houfe or toll houfes, heretofore erc&ed or hereafter to be ereded by virtue.pf the faid fot mer recited ads or of this ad, or (hall prevendor obftrud any fuch gate or gates to be ereded, or any fuch toll houfe or toll houief to be built, or (hall obflrud, hinder, or moled any furreycc, colledor, or other officer or perfon or perfons whatfoewer employed for that purpofe by the faid trudees, or any frveo or T0ore of them, in the performance and execution thereof, each and every perfon and perfons. fo offending, and being thereof confided by the oath of one or more credible wit-nefa or wilnc;flcs before one or morejudice or judices of the peace for the county, where fuch offence (hall be committed, (hnll for every fuch offence forfeit thp fum of twenty poneds, to be levied by didrefs and fale oFthe goods and chatties of every fuch offender or offenders by warrant under the liand and feal of the juftice or under the hands and feals of the juftices, before whom fuch convi&ion (hall be made; and in cafe the perfon or perfons fo offending and being thereof convidled hath or have no goods or chatties* where-cut the fame can be fo levied, it (ball and may be lawful to and for the faid jirtlice>or judices by warrant under his or their hand and feal or hands and {eali to commit fuch offender or offenders to prifon in the county, where fuch offence (hall he committed, for any fpace not exceeding (ix months, nor lefs than three, from the day of fuch commitment.

XVII.	And be it enabled by the authority aforcfiud, that the faid trudees, or any feven or more of them, fad meet at Navan in the county of Meath on the firft, eighth, fifteenth, or twenty fecond day of Auguff: next; and that the faid trude'es may then adjourn thcmfelves, and a&er-waids meet there or at any other place or places acsrdhc

*the nineteenth and'twentieth Tears of George III. faid highway or road, as they the faid truftees, or any feven or more of th£m, fhall think proper and convenient, as often as it (hall be necdTary for the puttiug the faid fever*! former afts and this prefent aft into execution. Provided that twenty days at the leaft notice of each and every meeting and the occafion thereof be pofted, as the law requires; and if it (hall happen, that there fhall appear at any meeting, that fhall be appointed to be had or held by the faid truftees, a fufficient number of truftees to aft at fuch meeting, and to adjourn to any other day, then and in fuch cate the clerk or regifter of the faid truftees by notice in writing, to be affixed at the refpeftive gates or turnpikes at lead ten days before the next meeting, lhall appoint the faid truftees to meet at the houfe, where the meeting of thd laid truftees was laft appointed to be held, on that day fortnight, upon which fuch laft meeting of the truftees was appointed to have been held; and that the faid truftees ' at their firft and at all other meetings lhall defray their own charges.

XVIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore-faid. That if any fuit fhall be fcommenced again ft any per-fon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of the faid former afts or of this prefent aft, that in every fuch Cafe the a ft ion fhall be laid in the county of Dublin, or county of Meath; and not elfewhere; and that the defendant or defendants in fuch aftion may plead the general iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and authority of the faid former aft and of this prefent aft; and if the plaintiff fhall be nonfuited, or difeontinue his aftion after the defendant or defendants fhall have appeared* or if upon any demurrer judgment lhall be given againfl the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants lhall and may recover treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in any other cafes in law.

XIX.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore-faid, That this aft fhall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick aft, and be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juftices, and other perfons whatfoever without cfpecially pleading the fame.

XX.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the lirit day of Auguft one thoufand feven hundred and eighty, the feveral tolls and duties, granted and made payable in and by the faid feveral herein before recited former afts, fhall and may ceafe and end; and the feveral tolls and duties hereby laid and im-pofed be from thenceforth payahle in their place and Head refpeftively,

,	XXI.	And

Anions laid only in county of Dublin or Meath, See.

A publick

From i ft

Auguft 1780, former tolls to ccafe; and tolls herein inftcad thereof.

-- -

Google

Toll* hereby, and allprovifi-ona in laid a<f\» (five as altered) and »n this continue d 1 years year.-. Imm I ft .Aupuft r*;8o.

I .»IU applied firft to it pair of rhe road from Dublin to van only.

Toll# tocrafr, if ad tudyttl l»y trnftee* fuffici-entiy repaired, and loan repaid, With interest and cofU.

Ho toll over plonee brie if not tout King bn other part of tht line.

Meeting for faming roll, held at the admiralty.

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George ITT.

XXI.	And provided alfo, and be It further ena&ed by the authority< aforefaid, That the feyeral tolls and duties thereby granted, and all other the provifions and rcgulathma in the fa id feveral recited former afts (except as hereby altered) and in this prefenf aft contained, (hall take place and have continuance from and after the ftrft day of AuguH one thousand feven hundred and .eighty, for and during the term and fpace of thirty-one years, and no longer.

XXII.	And be it further enabled by the authority afoie-faid. That the feveral tolls and duties hereby granted and kid as aforefaid (half be applied in the firfl place to and for the repairs of the faid road, that is to fay* the road leading from the city of Dublin to the town of Navan, and rq other, and to the ufual expences of toileting the faid tofts, % and to and for no other ufe, intent, or purpofc whatsoever, until the faid truftees, or any thirteen or more cf them, (hall certify under their hands, that the (aid roads (hall have been compleatly and fufliciently repaired ; and from thenceforth, and not foouer, the faid feveral tolls and duties (hall be applied to the ufes and purpofes in the faid feveral recited former ads and in this prefent ad provided for contained and mentioned.

XXIII.	And provided alfo, and be it further enabled by the -authority aforefaid, That if at any trrpe before the expiration of the faid terra and (pace of thirty-one years, aft parts of the faid road between the city of Dublin and the town of Navan (hall have been fufficicntly amended and repaired, and /hall be fo adjudged by the majority of the rruf-tees herein named or appointed or hereafter to be chofen and appointed by virtue of this aft, and if repayment (hall have been made of all fuch money, as (hall have been advanced or borrowed on credit of the faid tolls or duties, with all intereft for the fame; and if all the cofta and charges attending the fame fhal} bavf been paid and fati&ficd, iu (uch ^afe the faid tolls and duties (hall ceafe and be utterly void, any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

XXIV.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, T*ut no perfon (hall be fubjaft to pay any toll for any cattle or any coinage drawn by any lumber of horfes palling over the bridge of CJonte, if fuch perfon tattle or carriages drawn as aforefaid, Ihall not touch on ary other part of the faid line of road lying and being between Dublin and Navan aforefaid.

. XXV. Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority, aforefaid, That all meetings of the truftees for the fime being, for the purpofe of letting or farming the tulUoc the faid road, or any part thucof, (hall be houkn at the ad-•	4	•	•	1	wirdty

t»



The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George III- *	5!

miralty court, or fomc convenient .place within the ckftof A. Dublin, and not elfewhere; and that all meetings of toe 17 79-80* /aid truftecs for the purppfe of prefenting pr ordering any money, or agreeing for ordering or dire&ing any repairs or expenditure whatsoever on any part of the Said road, (hall be holden alternately in fucceffion during the continuance of this ad at Navan and Dublin, and not.otherwise4 ;Jic fir!} meeting after the pafling this ad to be holden at Navan, and fo in rotation as afore laid; any thipg contained in this at} to the cpntiary in any wife notwithllanding,

CHAP. XL1V,

4* AQ fo amend an Ad, entitled, An A51 for making and amending Publick Roads in the County 4/ Dublin, andfor regulating, allotting, and levying of floney in the County of the Cify of Dublin,

XVI.	A ND whereas by an ad patted in the fifteenth

Jl	and (ixteenth years of the reign of his prefent 15 *n<| 160.

Majefty, entitled. An ad to explain and amend an ad, 3. c. 20. repeal# entitled. An ad for paving the JlreetSy lanes, quays, bridges, «d. fquares, courts, and alleys, nHtbin the city and county of the • city of Dublin, and other putpofes relative to the fflid city of Dublin, and other places therein particularly mentioned, and for extending the provtfioru of the faid ad to the baronies of Saint Sepulchre91 and Donore, it is amongll other things erinded, That from and after the firft day of May one thou* fand feyexj hundred and Seventy fix no perfon whatfoever carrying out of any houfe, yard, cellar, court, lane, or alley any coal allies, horfe dung, or any rubbilh whatfoever,

(hall attempt to lay down the fame in any place mentioned

in the fold recited ad, but (hall have a cart at the door of

faid houfe, yara, cellar, lane, or alley* to load faid coal

alhes or rubbilh in, and that no perfon whatfoever (ball be

permitted to load or carry away fuch coal alhes, hori'e

dung, or any rubbilh on any low back car, or otherwife than

in a cart, under the penalty of ten (hillings, to be recovered

as other penalties in faid recited ad are recoverable : and

yrhereas the faid recited part of the faid ad hath been found	t

inconvenient; be it enadedby the authoiity aforefaid, That

fhe faid recited part of the foid ad lhall be and the fame is

hereby repealed; and that from ai)d after the palling of this ^rfons carry

ad any perfon or perfons carrying out of any houfe, yard, injlut iuhbi«h,

^ellar, court, lane, or alley, any coal alhes, horfe dung, or See. forfeit io».

rubbilh, who lhall attempt to lay down the fame in an^ place

mentioned in the faid recited ad, and being thereof convid-

ed by the oath of one or more witnefs 'or wrtnettes before

ipv one or more jullice orjuUicc^ of the peace of the fei4.

city*

Digitized by

Google

1«4  At D.  1779-80.	*Tbe nhytcenth and twentieth Tears of George III. fcity, fhafl forevcry fuch offence forfeit and pay the fum of tea fhilKngs; and that no perfon whatsoever fhall be permit ted to load or carry away any fuch coal allies, horfe dung, or rubbifh otherwise than in a cart or car, which car fhall be floored and inclofcd by a boarded frame work having the tail hoard oftly moveable, under the like penalty of ten flidlingi to be recovered in the manner aforrfaid:  CHAP. XLV.  jin AS for making, and repairings and Jhortening a Road firm tbeCrf of Call an in the County of Kilkenny through the f C'H'U qf Mullir.al one, and by the Ford of Kilmore ct led Slack ford and Poorfrown to the Tozvn of Clonmell in the County cf Tipperaty.
0	TT7HEREAS the faid highway or road k in bad repair VV and condition : and whereas it would be of puhlick utility, that the laid road (hould be fhortened and widened, effectually mended, and hereafter kept in good and fufficicn^ repair: be it enaCted by the King's moll excellent Majefty by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpirituai and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament af-fembled, and by the authority of the fame. That for the better furveywg, ordering, amending, and keeping in repair thc~faid road the following perfons, namely, the mod reverend the arrchbifhop of Cafhell, the earl of Carrick, the bilhop of Waterford, lord Qifden, the right honourable John Ponfonbyj Jofeph Deane efquire, Geofge Agaref-quwe^Gerveife Bu/he efquire, fir Hercules Langrifhe baronet, William Izod efquire, Kevan Izod efquire, Walter Butler, efquire, John Butler efquire, right honourable Henry Rood, fir Frederick Rood baronet, honourable Pierce Butler, John Flood efquire. Eland Moffom efquire, Andrew Caldwdl efquire, reverend Thomas Pack, Abraham Stewart efquire, reverend Somerfet Broficld, reverend archdeacon Henry Palmer, reverend Arthur Palmer, Anthony. Blunt the elder, efquire, John Blunt efquire, reverend Charles Agar, Luke Rbchc efquire, John Waring of Shipton efquire, Richard Wheeler efquire, Denny Cuffe efquire, Nathaniel Mitchell efquire, reverend Samuel Madden, Jofeph Evans of Bderan efquire, Jofeph Evahs junior of ditto efquire, Hcmy Blunt efquire, Thomas Butler efquire, reverend Richard Park,  . Richard Helfham efquire, John Macounc efquire, Mr. Lewis Chapelier, Abraham White Baker, -Patrick Walft, lord Mountmorris, lord Cahir, Francis Matthew efquire, Henry fVettie efquire, the earl of Clanwtlliam, lord vifeount Mountcafhell, the right honourable lord Kinglborough, Cornelius OCallaghan efquire the cider, and Cornelius 0*Cal-  laghaa
	f

The nineteenth and twentieth 'fears of George 111. laghan the younger efquire, David .Walfti efquire, William A. D. Perry efquire, Richard Perry efquire, William Barton ef- 1779-80. quire, the right honourable John Hely Hutchinfon, the Chap. 45. right honourable fir William O (borne baronet, Thomas O£-.lx>rne efquire, the right honourable fir Henry Cavendi(h baronet, fir ^Rdward Newenham knight, the mayor of Clon-mell for the time being, Richard Hely Hutchinfon efquire,

Stephen Moore efquire, Guy Moore Coote efquire, Richard Pennefather efquire, William Pennefather efquire, fir Cornwallis Maude baronet, fir William Barker baronet, Thomas Moore efquire,’ Richard Moore of Chancellorftown efquire,

Thomas Chudleigh Moore efquire, John Power efquire. Bury Pallifer efquire, Michael Green efquire, John Bagwell q£

Kilmore efquire, John, Bagwell of Belgrove efquire, William Ryall efquire, Phineas Ryall efquire, captain Mitchell, reverend do&or Jofeph Moore, reverend Peter Carey, Thomas Weft on efquire, attorney, the reverend James Denny, Hamilton Lowe Butler efquire, John Miles efquire, William Bagwell efquire, Thomas Clutterbuck efquire, Chriftopher Kellet efquire, Thomas Prendergaft efquire, Thomas Quin efquire, Robert Serjeant gentleman, Maurice Lgwergan gentleman, William Lowergan gentleman, Thomas Lowergan gentleman, Thomas Foreft gentleman, Thomas Dobbyn gentleman, Richard Dobbyn gentleman, and William Aflop gentleman, and the furvivors or furvivor of them, lhall be and arc hereby nominated and appointed truftees of the (aid road ; airi they or any fivfe or mpre of them, or fuch peribn or perfonl as they (hall authorize and appoint, (hall and may after the firft day of Auguft one thoufand feven hundred turnpikes and and eighty ere& or caufe to be ere&ed one or more gate or toll hnofes, gates, turnpike or turnpikes, in, upon, or acrofs any part .takc t0^ or parts of the faid highway or road made or to be made, ctD* and alfo a toll houfe or toll houfes, and there (hall receive and take the tolls and duties following, before anyhorfe, mare, gelding, cattle, coach, berlin, chariot, calafti, chaife, chair, capriole, wain, cart, car, or other carriage (hall be permitted to pafs through the fame, to wit, for every coach, beilin, chariot, calafh, chaife, or chair drawn by fix horfes, geldings, mares, or mules, two (hillings; andfor every Coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chaife, or chair dHfe by four geldings, mares, or mules, one (hilling and iflJPce; and for every coach, berlin, charibt, calalh, chaife" or chair,	'

drawn by two horfes, marcs, geldings, aflc>, or mules, one (hilling ; fot every waggon, wain, cart, or carriage with two wheels drawn by three or more horfes, geldings, mares, mules, afTes, or beaftsof draught, three (hillings; for every waggon, wain, cart, or carriage of two wheels drawn by two horfes, geldings, mares, mules, affes, or beads of draught, fixpence;

Digitized by t^ooQle

5S6

A. D.

1779-80. Chap. 45,

veiled in laid truflecs,

applied to ttfci herein,

The rundeeath ami twentieth Tears of George III. for ever7 carriage commonly called a chair or chaife or c|« priole drawn by one horfe, gelding, mare, or mule, fa pence ; for every cart, car, or other carriage having but one horfe, mare, gelding, mule, afs, or bea(t of draught, two pence, except cars or other carriages laden with turf only, and drawn by one horfe, gelding, mare, mule, afrttr baft of draught, which are hereby excepted from ^y of fail tolls; for every horfe, mare, gelding, mule, or afs, with any perfon riding thereon, two pence; for every horfe, mart, gelding, mule, or afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing or having anj perfon riding thereon, three halfpence ; for every drove or (core of oxen, cows, or neat cattle, two (hillings and fix pence, and fp in proportion fpr any greater or lelfer nun* ber ; for every drove of calves, hogs, fheep, goats, or lambs, one (hilling and three pence by the lcore, and fo in proportion for any greater or letter number \ aqd for every carnage whereon fhal) be carried or borne any millftbne, two (hilling! and fix pence ; which fold refpc&ive fum and Aims of money (hall be demanded and taken In the name of or as a toll of duty, and the money fo to be raifed as aforefaid is am] (hall hereby be vetted in the faid truftees, and the lame and every part thereof (hall be paid, applied, difpoled of, and aligned to and for the feveral ufes, intents, and purpofes, and in fuch manner as is jierejn after mentioned and dirtded; and the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, art hereby empowered by themfelves, or ^ny perfon or perfons by them, or any five or more of them, umder their hands and fall thereunto authorized to levy the toll or duty hereby re-Quired tp be paid upon any perfon or perfons who (hall after demand pade thereof negledk or refufc to pay the fame, by diftrefs of any horfe or horfts, or other cattle or goods upon which faid toll or duty is by this adl impofed, pr upqn any of the goods and chatties of fuch perfon or pcrfoni whq ought to pay the fame, and may detain and keep the fame until fuch toll or duty, with the yeafonable charges of fuch diftraining and keeping (hall be paid ; and it (hall and may be lawful to and for the perfon or perfons fo diftraining, after the fpace of five days after fuch diftrefs mayde *nd taken to fell the goods diftrainpd, returning the 9verplus (if any be) upon demand to the owner thereof, after fuch toll, duty, and reafon^We charges for diftraining and keeping the fame (hall be dedtifted and paid.

II. And be it $na£ed by the authority aforefaid, that put of the fir ft monies arifing from the profits of the feveral turnpikes to be ere&ed pursuant to this adi the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, (hall firft pay and dif-ph^rge the expencc of creating fuch turnpike or turnpikes,

'	Hi

Digitized by

Google



The ntrjeteenih and twentielh Tears of George III. a*d building fuch toll houfe or toll houfes, and after fuch charges and expences (hall be fully fatisfied‘and’paid, that then and from thenceforth the profits ariling, and the toU to be colle&td at any of the laid turnpikes, (fiali be applied for and towards the repair of the faid road, beginning at the town of Clonmell, and fo proceeding from thence to the faid town of Callan ; and after thofe purpofes fl^all be com-pleated, that from thenceforward the produce of the laid toll fhall be diftributed and paid impartially and without preference to fuch perfous refpedlively, who fhall lend or 'advance any fum or fums of money pn the credit of the faid tolls.

III.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, that if any perfon or perfons whatfoever owning, renting, or occupying any land near to any turnpike now eredled or hereafter to be erected in purfuance of this adl, (hall for gain, te. ward, or otherwife permit any perfon or perfons whatfoever to pafs through any gate, pafiage, or way with any coach, herlin, chariot, calafh, chaife, or chair, or capriole, waggon, wain, cart, car, or other carriage, or driving or drawing any horfe, afs, mule, Or any fort of cattle, to avoid the payment of the toll hereby appointed to he paid, and (hall be thereof convidtccl upon oath or oaths of one or more wknels or wit tidies before the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, or before one or more juflice or jultices of the peace for the county wherein fuch offence or offences fhall be committed, who arc hereby impoweredand required to admi-nifter fuch oath, and to hear and determine upon the fame in a fummary way, fuch perfon or perfons fhall forfeit and p3y to the trullees authorixyd to put this act in execution the fum of ten (hillings, to be levied by diftref* and fale of the offender’s good.*, by warrant under the hand and leal or under the har.dj> and feals of the faid trullees, or any five or more of them, or fuch juflice or juflices, tendering the overplus (if any the;e bej to the owner^ the charges irv fc.king and difpofmg of the faid goods being firll deduced.

IV.	And be it further enadled by the authority afyro faid, that it fliall and may be lawful to and for the faid truf-' .tees, or any live or more of them, to eredt one or more gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes, on the fide of the highway or road aciofs any way or lane leading out of the faid road, and there to receive and uke fuch toll as is appointed by this a& to be taken, fo as the fame do not extend to a double charge in cafe of palling through any ether of the turnpikes how eredied or hereafter to fie eredled Ijf virtue of this adl.

V.	And be it further enadlcd by the authority ?/oicfaid, that the faid trullees, or any five or more of them, at the

firff

Fir I \o p j ejpnu e m

tr turn-

Permitting

paiL^e to av. toll. Sec. luricit 103.

Side gates erected, ^c.

At meeting

appoint and re-, move leceiveit and TuiyeyofS,

Digitized by L,ooQle

5**

A. I).

to account on oath tft Tuefday monthiy or oftcncr if require!.

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George III. fir ft meeting or any fucceeding meetings by writing under their hands and feals fhall and may ele£t, nominate, and appoint one or more fit perfon or perfon3 to be receiver or receivers, coUe&or or collectors, of fuch money in the name of filch toll or duty, as fh^il be due and payable fey virtue 6f this a& ; and alfo one or more fit perfon or perfons to be fjrvcyor or furvryors to view the condition of the faid high-or road, and to take care that the fame be made, amended, and repaired ; and that the money arifiog and expended by virtue of this a& be duly applied, and fhall and may from time to time remove fuch cclle&ors, receivers, and furveyors, or any or either of them, as they fhall fee occafion, and appoint new ones in cafe of death or of fuch removal; and fuch perfon or perfons, a* is or are by this a& liable to pay the faid toll or ailty, is and are hereby required to pay the fame after the rates aforefaid to the faid receiver or receiver;, colie&or or colle&ors, of the faid toll or duty in that behaii from time to time appointed as aforefaid for receiving the faid toll or duty ; and fuch receiver or receivers, collcdor or colle&ors, furveyor or furveyors, as aforefaid fhall upoo oath before the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, or before one or more juftice or jufttces of the peace refiding near the highway or road aforclaid, which oath fuch trufleu or any five or more of them, or fuch juftice or juftiecs, « and are hereby empowered and required to adminiiler on the firft Tuefday In every month or oftener, if required, during the continuance of this a& give in a true, exact, and perfect account in writing under their refpective hands nf all monies, which he and they, and every or any of them /ball to fuch time have received, paid, and difburfed by virtue of this ad by reafon of their refpective officesi for which oath no fee or reward fhall be taken ; and in cafe any money fo received fhall remain in their or any of their hands, the fame fhall be paid to the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, or to fuch perfon or perfons as the faid truftees, or any fire or more of them, fhall by writing or writings under their hands and feals authorize and empower to receive the fame, which lhall be difburfed and laid out in amending the faid highway or road, and for the other purpofes herein mentioned, according to the true intent and meaning of this act and nototherwife; and the faid truftees, or any five or moreof them, to vyhom fuch account fhall be given, fhall and may out of the money arifing out of the faid toll or duty make fuch allowance to the receiver or receivers, collector or collectors, for and m confederation of his and their care and pains ftfpecrively taken in the execution of his and their office and offices, and to fuch other perfon or-perfons wh? have been or fhall be aflifting in and about procuring the faid highway or

Tie nineteenth and tttftniieli Teats ©/* George IIT.	589

road to be made, amended, and repaired, by advancing oi' A. D. laying out any money or otherwife relating thereunto, at to	1779-80.

them (hall Teem good, fo as fuch allowance or allowances to Chap. 45. fuch collector or collectors do not annually exceed twenty n—— pounds, and to fuch farveyor or furveyors any fum not ex- allowance to ceeding two (hillings per day during fuch time or times as he * gCC^*r*n^jr" or they (hall be refpe&ively employed in the repair of the otYers employ-faid road, and fo as fuch allowance or allowances to any ed, as herein, other perfon or perfons, who (hall be employed by virtue of this ait, does not exceed the fum of fifteen pounds yearly to each perfon; and in cafe the faid receiver or receivers, collector or colle&ors of the aforefaid toll or duty, furveyo* or furveyors, or any of them, (hall not make fuch account or payment unto fuch perfon or perfons according to the orders or directions of the faid ttuftees or any five or more of them as aforefaid, that then the faid truRees, or any five of thetn, -fhall forthwith remove any fuch receiver, collector, and furvevor ; and the faid juftices of the peace at any fpe-dal feffion or meeting of them to be holden for the county in which fuch receiver pr receivers, collector or collectors, furveyor or furveyors have acted or been employed, and made fuch default as aforefaid, (hall and are hereby required and impowered to make enquiry, and finally to determine of and concerning fuch default, as well by the confeffion of the faid parties themfelves, as by the teftimony of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes upon oath, which oath they are empowered and required to adminifter without fee or reward ; and if any perfon or perfons (hall be convicted thereof by fuch juftices, the faid juftices (hall upon fuch convi&ion commit the party or parties to the common gaol of the county where fuch offence (hall be committed, there, to remain without bail or mainprize, until he or they (haU have made a true and perfect account and payment as afore-faid. '	'

VI.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, that it Materials fhall and may be lawful to and for the furveyor and fur- in a<*-veyors, and fuch perfon or perfons as he or they (hall ap- {,7cmnmon point to dig, raife, gather, take, and carry away any gra- without pay-vcl, furze, fand, ftones, or other materials out of any wafte ing, &c. or common of any pari(h, town, village, or hamlet in or near which any foundations or ruinous places of the (aid highway or road do lie', and for want of fufficient gravel, furze, fand, ftones, or other materials there, to dig, gather, raife, take, and carry away the fame out of the wafte or common of any neighbouring parilh, town, village, or hamlet, without paying any thing for the fame ; and where there is not fufficient of faid materials in any common or 'wafte grounds near adjoining, it (hall and may be lawful for them

3	fay

Digitized by L,ooQle

Surveyor*

th*) rrrnovc annoyauce*, fccc.

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George lit by order of the faid truftees, or any five or more of then; in 'vtiting, to dig, rdife, and gather the fame in the fererj grounds of any perfon or perfons not being built upon, and not being a park, garden, orchard, yard, or meadow, plants ed walk or walks, or avenue to a houfe, where anjr fwch materials are of may be found, and from time to time to carry away fuch and fo much thereof, as the faid furveyor or fur-vcyors in their refpe£tive place* fhall adjudge neceffary for fur ending and repairing the faid highway or roads, paring fuch rates for fuch materials td the owner or occupier cf the grom.d from whence the fame fhall be digged, raifed, gathered, and carried away, as the truflees, or any five or inert of them appointed or to be appointed to put this ad in execution, (hull adjudge reasonable ; and in cafe any difference between luch owner or occupier and the faid truilees touching the damage aforefaid (hall arife, the judge of affize at the next general affizes and general jxoal delivery to be holden mi fuch county, where fuch materials fhall be digged, raifed, or gathered, and from whence the fame fhall be earned away, may and (hall adjudge, aflefs, and finally determine the fame.

VII.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, that it fhall and may be lawful to and for the furveyor ot furvty* ors, and fuch perfon or perfons as he or they fhall appoirrt, from time to rime to remove and prevent any annoyance or annoyances or any part of the faid highway or road hereby intended to be made and amended or repaired by filth, dung, afhes, rubhifh, watercourfes, finks, or drains running into the faid highway or road, and to clcanfe any ditch or watcrcourfe adjoining to the fr.id road, and to cut down, lop, or top any tree or bufhes growing on the highway, or in the hedges or banks immediately adjoining open the faid highway, and to take away and remove the fame, the owner or occupier neglecting to cut down fuch uces or bufhes, or to remove fuch annoyance or annoyances, for the fpace of ten days after notice in writing given for that purpose under the hands of five or more of the faid truilcei, the charges thereof fhall be reimburfed by fuch owner or occupiers neglecting to cut down the faid trees or bufhes, or to remove fuch othet annoyance or annoyances as aforefaid; and if after the removal of fuch annoyance or annoyances any perfon or perfons fhall again offend in like kind^ every fuch perfon or perfons fo offending, and being thereof convicted upon the oath of one or more witnefff or Vritneffo before one or more juftice or juffices of the peace for the faid county, where fuch offence fhall be committed, which oath the faid juflices are hereby required to adrninifter, and to enquire into and determine upon the faid offences in a fum-mjuy way, fhall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay unto

the

Digitized by

Google

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George III.	591

the laid truftees, where fuch offence (hall be, committed* ten A. D. /hillings to be levied in Wanner aforefaid*	1779-80.

VIII.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid* Chap. 45* that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid furveyor or furveyors by order of the faid truftees, or any five or Drain* made more of them, to make or taufe to be made drains through °a?JurrcUa* any grounds lying contiguous to the laid roads* and to erdft arches of brick, timber, or Hone thereupon, and alfo to widen any of the narrow parts of the faid highway or roads by opening, clearing, and laying into the faid highway or road any ground of any perfon or perfons lying contiguous to fuch highway or road, fuch ground to he ufed in any of the ways above mentioned not being built upon, and not being a park, garden, orchard, yard, planted walk or avenue tb a houfe, and alfo to caufe ditches or trenches to be made in fuch places as aforefaid, and in fuch manner, as the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, lhall adjudge necef-fary, for the better amending and keeping of the laid highway or road in good repair, making fuch reafonable fatif-fa&ion to the owner or occupier of fuch ground, which lhall be fo laid in or unto fuch highway or road, or through which any fuch drain or drains lhall be cut, on which any luch arch or arches lhall be made, for the damages which he or they lhall or may thereby fuftain, as lhall be affeffed and adjudg- t«r^nincd fumed by the judge or judges of the affizes, to be holden next marily at affixes after the fame lhall be done, or by the juftices of the peace, or fcllion*. or the major part of them, at the next general alfizcs or quarter fcfiions to be holden for the county in which fuch ground lies, which lhall be laid into the faid highway or road, and through which any fuch drain or drains, ditch or ditches, (hall be cut or made, or on which fuch arch or arches 1 lhall be ert&cd or made, or fuch ground fhall be laid into th^ faid roads, in cafe of any difference concerning the fame, which the faid judges of afiize, or juftices at the quarter feflions are hereby authorized to hear and determine in a fummary way ; and if any owner or occupier of any water comfes, ditch or ditches, adjoining to the faid highway or road, lhall negle& or refufe to fcour or cleanfe fuch water courfe or water courfe9, and to make fuch ditch or ditches fo deep and in fuch manner, as the furveyor or furveyors fiiall adjudge proper and convenient, after eight days notice (hall be given for that purpofe by fuch furveyor or furveyors, or fuch perfon or perfons as lhall be appointed by him or them, to fuch owner or occupier, it lhall and may be lawful to and for the furveyor and furveyors to fet any man or men at work to fcour and cleanfe or make the fame, and by warrant in writing under the hands and feals of any five or more of the faid truftees to levy the charge thereof upon the goods

or

Digitized by v^ooQle

39*

A. D. <779-*»

Ckap. 4 \^V\-

Owner or occupier may complain to next fctfioof on 8 day* notice to lunreyor, &c.

4

The road may be carried in more dire& line from Mul-linahone to Clonmell.

Ilf.

0t dkUt of the owner or owners occupier or dccupien, of foch water courfcs ditch or ditches by diftrefe and Odd of his her, or their goods and cfattld*, tendering the over-plus (if any be) to the laid owner or occupier after all charge* paid.

IX.	Provided always arid be it enu&ed by the authority aforefoid, that if any owner or occupier (hall find him or fccrfclf aggrieved by the faid fnrveyors irr making or eniarg. mg foch water comrfes ditches or any of them, of or to tmneeefiary or umrafortable dimensions or in more inconvenient places or gtcater number than (ball be neceflErry, or iialldemand or require unreasonable foms of money fordo* tag the fame* it Aafi be lawful for foch owner or occupier to complain to the next quarter feflioits of the peace to be hokbn for the county where fuch caufe of complaint fhaS arife, giving eight days rtotiee to the faid furveyor thereof, which court (ball have foil power and authority to give fuch relief in the premiers, as (ball be juft ; and if fuch caufe of complaint (haft happen within fourteen days before the holding of foch neat quarter feiftons, k (hall be lawful m Kkc manner to make foch complaint at the fccond quarter (efl>* out to be boldest in foch county, after the caufe of foch cam-plntrit (haft art few

X.	And whereas the fokl highway, or road, leading from the Olid erdftof CaHatf through the town of MuHmahone to the'town of Clonmell, may be coniiderably (bortened and made more convenient for travellers, if the fame was canid more ftraight asd in a more direct line: and whereas it wifl be ucceffary for that pnrpofe to depart from the ime of the prefect road, and make new lines in different places: be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid* truftecs or any five or more of them, to afeertam, deferibe, arid fet apart foch part nod proportion of the lands adjoining or contiguous to the fcid highway or road, or new line of road, as the faid truf-tees or any five or more of them, (hall judge ncceffery fcr carrying the fame irt a more dire& line, or making any new Kne or lines for making a more ftraight or direft road front the faid town of Mullinahone to the faid town of Clonmel!: provided that no port of the faid lands fo to be fet apart be built on, and that the fame be not part of any garden, orchard, yard, planted walk, or avenue to a houfo, or of any park or paddock for deer, or any field inelofed with a ftone wall five feet high, made with lime and fand ; and the L;d truftecs, or any five or more of them, are hereby further authorized arid empowered to treat and agree with the osrner or owners, or others interefted in the faid ground, to be made life of in carrying on the fold road ftraight as afore faid,

for

#

Digitized by CjOOQle

The nineteenth and twentieth Teats of George III.	£93

for fuch recompence and fatisfa&ion to be made for the fame,	A. D.

out of the tolls and duties arifingby virtue of this aft, as the	1779-80.

laid truftees, or any five or more of them, (hall think fit Chap. 4$. and reafonable ; and in cafe any pcrfon or perfona (hall at-gle& or refufe to treat or agree as aforefaid, or through any on refufal of dilability by nonage, coverture, or fpecial limitation m any fettlementor fcttlements, or by reafon of any other impedi- warrant* to mcnt cannot or otherwife howfoever fhall refufe to difppfe of (heriffsto return their refpc&ive intereftsin fuch land, as the faid truftees, or a jury, to in-any five or more of them, (hall think convenient for the ^UUf WYauw* (hortening the faid road, in every fuch cafe the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, are hereby authotized and empowered to iffue forth their warrant or warrants to the fheriff or fheriffs of the county, wherein fuch ground doth lie, to impannel and return before the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, at fuch time and pl^qe within the faid county as (hall be appointed in fuch warrant or warrants, (of which day and time for hearing notice is to be given to, the party at lead five days before) a fufficient jury, who upon their oaths, which faid oaths the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered and required to adminifter, fhall enquire into the true and real value of fuch ground to >be made ufe of for the faid highway or road; and fuch ver-tlids or inquifitions, as (Hall be found and returned by the faid jury, ascertaining the value of fuch ground, (hall be final and conclufive as well to the faid truftees as to the feve-ral and refpe&ive owners and proprietors of fuch ground notwithftanding any difability or incapacity whatfoever.

XI.	And for as much as the money to be colle&ed by fuch receipt of the faid toll will not at prefent be fufficient for the fpeedy repairing of the faid highway or road ; be	Grand	juries

it ena&cd by the authority aforefaid, that it fhall and	mar	prefent for

may be lawful to and for the grand juries of the faid coun*j “““fc %cT tics of Kilkenny and Tipperary refpedively, if they or if either of the faid grand juries fhall think proper fo to do, to prefent any fums of money from time to time for ind towards the making or repairing any parts of the faid road, or for building any bridge thereupon, or for the payment of any ground that lhall be neceflary for the making, or widening, or (hortening the faid road, or for any expences attending the fame ; and the fums fo prefented fhall be repaid by the faid truftees of the faid road out of the tolls of the (aid road, till the faid fums fo prefented (hall be repaid; which fums fo repaid fhall be credited by the fucceeding grand jury of the county, in which fuch prefentment fhall be made, to the barony or the county at large, as the cafe may happen, in cafe of the future prefentment in the faid barony or county.

VOL. VI.	P	p	XII. And

Digitized by L.ooQle

m	nineteenth	and twentieth Tear** tif George Ilf.

A, Di Xli. And in cafe the (aid grand juries, or either of thesU 1779-80. (hall not think proper to make fuch prefentment at either J Chap. 45/ the two next affizes, be it enafted by the authority aforefaid* V—that then, and not otherwife, that the (aid truftees, or any If (aid grand fire or more of them, (hall, and may, and are hereby etn-joriet do no:	powered	from	time	to	time	by	writing	under	refpe&ive hands

afTizrT five an^ to over	to^	^	duty	hereby	granted,

tnaOces may	dr* any part thereof, the colls and charges whereof are to

aflign the toll	be borne and paid out of fuch toll, or duty * for any term or

99 icednty hr . tilhe during the continuance of this adasa fecurity for any mosey borrow- ^lfn or fnms 0f money, by tliem to be borrowed for th2t purpofe* to fuch ptrfon or perfons* or thdir truftees, as Xliall advance or lend the fame, to fecure the repayment thereof with lawful Intereft, or lefs if the lame can be fo had, which money borrowed fliall be applied and difpoP ed of towards all or any of. the purpofes by this ad mentioned,	,

fcine truftees XIII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afbre-may iflue order faid, that it lhall and maybe lawful to and for the laid trustees, or any nine or more of them, from time to time during the continuance of this prefent ad to make out warrants or orders in writing under their hands, direded to the trea-furer or receiver of the faid tolls, requiring him to pay thereout to the {>erfon or perfons named in fuch warrant or order* their executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, the growing in-terell of the fum of money mentioned in fuch warrant or order, as the fame (hall from time to time become due, until fuch time as the principal fum mentioned in fuch warrant or order (hall he paid off and discharged at one intire payment, or otherwife : provided, that no warrant or order to be iffued to the faid treaiurer or receiver by virtue of this ad (hall be for any greater fum than fifty pounds.

Transferable * XJV* And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid* that by inaoiicment. «\\ end every perfon or perjent, to whom fuch warrant or oi der (hall be given, his, her, or their executors or adminif* tnttors may by indorfements on fuch order or orders, or re* ceipts, transfer the rights and benefit of the fom mentioned in fuch warrant or warrants, order or orders; which indorfc-ments upon notice to the treaiurer or receiver of the faid tolls, and an entry or memorial thereof made in a book to be kept for that purpofe, which the faid treafurer or receiver lhall upon requell without charge, fee, or reward make accordingly, and (hall on the like requeft permit to be viewed at reasonable hours without fee or reward, (hall entitle the endorfee or aflignee, his or her executors, adminiilrators, or afiigns, to the foie benefit of the fum fo transferred oraf-figned ; and that the faid warrant or order may in like manner be afiigned or transferred by fuch affigneg, his or her ex-

. ccutqrf

to | ay <»ar 01 the tolls the growing mte-reifc.

*f he nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George III. ». f	fgf

fcutors or adminiftrators, and fo toties quotles ; and that df? „ A. D. yer fuch alignment it (hall not be in the power of the perfbi^ 1779-80. or perfons, who made fuch aflignmettt, tb make void, refcafe, Chap* 45. or difeharge the (aid alignment, or the fum thereby transfer* V*—•j red or affigned, or any part thereof.

XV.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, that Numbcri^ the treafurer or receiver of the (aid tolls (hall arithmetically

number all the warrants or orders, which (hall be given or delivered out in purfuance-of this ad, as they (hall be delivered out, commencing by number one, and fo conti«* nuing the numbers' until the Whole be arithmetically num* bered.

XVI.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, that charge Qf the feveral tolls and dories hereby made payable (hall be ap- tefeft,&c. plied and paid to and for the purpofes herein before menti- furplus of tolls oned, and alfo to the difeharge of the intereft of fb much w(lc" 20°1- aB* money as (hall be borrowed in purfuance of this ad j and

that all the furplus of the faid tolls and duties hereby made P payable, over and above what (hall be fufficient to difeharge the faid intereft and make and repair the faid road, (hall be applied in difeharge of the principal money fo borrowed or to be borrowed in the manner herein after mentioned, viz. . that when and as often as fuch furplus received by the faid treafurer or receiver (hall amount to the fum of two hundred* pounds, then the faid treafurer or receiver (hall caufe the number of all the warrants or orders, which (hall be iffued and lelivered out in purfuance of this aft, and the fums there-	#	•	*

in contained, to be written on feveral tickets or pieces of pa 1 iment, and to be polled and fealed up, and put into a be or urn, and well mjBBl together, and an indifferent per-fd 1 to be appointed by tne faid truftees, or any five or more oi them, (hallpublickly between the hours of ten and twelve in the forenoon of a day, to be by the faid truftees op re- , ceiver publickly advertifed in the Dublin Gazette for that purpofe at leaft twenty days before, in the town of Clonmell draw out of fuch box or urn as rtiany of the faid tickets or pieces of parchment, as the fums therein contained (hall amount to the faid fum of two hundred pounds 5 and the perfon or perfons, the number of whole warrant or warrants, order or orders, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or afiigns, (hall within twenty days after the faid warrants or orders (hall be fo drawn, be paid by the faid treafurer or receiver the principal fums to him or them refpe&ively* duei with the intereft for the fame till paid, and (hall upon*pay- , inent thereof deliver up his or their feveral and refpe&ive warrants or orders to the faid treafurer or receiver to be cancelled which he is hereby required to cancel accordingly ; and the intereft payable by virtue of fuch warrants op order#

P p 2	ihalj

Digitized by

Google

&	The	nineteenth anJ tnuentidh Tears of 6e«rge JII.

A. IX	ceafc	from the expiration of twenty days, to be count*

1779-86. £d from the day of drawing faid tickets or pieces of parch* .Chap. 45. men^

^	Xvlt	And be it enadted by thfc authority aforefaid, that

1 T^n** way i( foall-and maybe lawful to and for the faid truftces, or any ^oVtwo1** five or more of them, to qiake any leafe or leafes of the years.	faid	tolls for any term not exceeding two year* at the high-

eft rent, that (hall be offered for the fame by a folvent tenant, which faid rent (hall be applied to the fame purpofes, for which the faid tojls are herein before and herein after dirc&cd to be applied.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed by tbe authority aforefaid, that notice (hall be given in the Kilkenny and Clonmell fiewfpaperg of the intention to fet, and of the tiqoe appointed for fiich fetting, one month at the leak previous to fuch meeting, arid that fuch meeting for fetting the faid tolls (hall be had in the town of Goa-

Advtftifcd

jnorith.

V&fU laid out H herein.

Places of Reccing*.

Producing ticket, at 1 ft gate not liabie to any other.

Giver and receiver of ' iickci tu a /oid

meU.

XIX.	And be it cna&ed by the authority aforefaid, that feven parts of the faid tolls or rents (hall be laid oat on ftoch parts of the (aid road, as lie in the county of Tipperary, *sd fme part of the faid tolls or reRts, in eight parts to he divided, /Hall be laid out on fueh parts of the fjjue, as lie in the county of Kilkenny.

XX.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, that all meetings of the truilees of the faid road (hall be in the town of Clonmel!, MuDinahone, or Callan.

XXI.	Provided always, that in cade there fhaO be more than one gate or turnpike in, or arofs, or on the fide crfthe faid highway or. road, no. perfon of perfons havings paid the toll osr duty pi the fir ft gate or turnpike through which fiich perfon or peribns (hall pafs, and producing a dote or ticket that the (aid toll or*duty was paid, which notie or ticket the faid receiver ocrCteivers, colloftor or coQedors, is and aft hereby required to give gratis, (hall be liable to payaoy toll or duty at any othfcr of the faid gates or tufdpikts upon the faid highway or road, fuch perfon or perfons dclhcttng the faid note or ticket to the faid receiver or receivers colle&or or collectors, of the faid toll or duty at tbfcbt ter gate or turnpike the fame day ; and no perfon ot per fons having occafion to pafs the place or places where tb

, toll of duty is taken, ho (hall return the fotne day XQoi or with the fame horfe, mare, or gelding, afs, muU, cattle coach, chariot, H^rlin, chaiTe, chah,‘cadafh, carr, or other carriage* &aU be liable Or comj>3«»*& fame day to pay the faid toll o'r duty more than	&

fame road.	t	V-.

XXII.	And for preventing frauds ^nd fcbu&s

toll or duty be it enaded by the authority aihnstaid^ t&n i

’ Digiti^ed-bf

Googk

Tie nineteenth and twentieth Tears of Geqrge III-	£97

S*ny perfon or perfons having paid the faid toll or duty by this	A- D.

granted and made payable, ar.d having fuch note or ticket*	17 79-80.

notes or tickets, as hereby dire&ed, fhall give and difpofe Chap. 45. of the fame to any perfon or perfons in order to avoid the	-—>

payment of the faid toll or duty, every fuch perfon giving, forfeit re- • difpofing, or offering, and the perfon receiving, fuch note or fpe,aive Y ,0#-ticket, notes or tickets, and being thereof convicted upon the oath of any one or more witnefs or witnefTe3 before th$ faid truftees, or any five or more of them, or before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the county where fuch offence or offences fhall be committed, which oath the faid truftees and the faid juft ice or juft ices are hereby empowered to adminifter, and to hear and determine the faid offences in a fummary w^ay, fhall refpe&ively forfeit and pay the fum of ten (hillings, to be levied, recovered, and difpof-	#

cd of as any other penalty or forfeiture is diredted to he levied, recovered? and difpofed of by this adt.

XXIII.	And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, that Five truftees the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, may and are may compound, hereby empowered, from time to time, as they fhall fee &c* convenient or think fit, to compound or agree by the year or

otherwife with any perfon or perfons ufing to travel through the turnpike or turnpikes, now eredted or to be eredted, with any milch cows, horfe, mare, or gelding, afs, or mule, or with any coach, berlin, calafh, chaife, chair, wag- « gon, cart, carr, or other carriage, for any fum or fums of money to be paid quarterly from time to time, after fuch agreement fhall be made.

XXIV.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby declared, that no Exempt from perfon fhall be charged with any of the tolls or duties afore- toh-

faid, who (hall pafs through any of the turnpikes now eredted or to be creeled by virtue of this adt, who fhall carry any quantity of ftones, gravel, or other materials for making or repairing the faid road, or any of the roads in the panfhes in which the fame do lie, or in any of the neighbouring pa-rifhes; nor fhall any perfon or perfons be chargeable wuth the faid toll or duty for any carts, carrs, or waggons loaden with com in the ftraw only ; nor for any ploughs, harrows, or other implements of hufbandry in order to the ufing or repairing of the fame in the feveral parifhes which the faid highway or road hereby intended to be made or repaired dp lie ; nor fhall any toll or duty be demanded or taken at any of the turnpikes now eredted or to be eredted for any horfe, mare, or gelding, afs, or mule, or other cattle going to water ; or for any port: horfe carrying the mail or packet, or for fuch horfe as is or fhall be ufed only to ride on by the owner or driver of any waggon, cart, car, or carriage ; pro* vided fuch horfe pafs through the faid turnpike or turnpikes with fuch waggon, cart, carr, or carriage; nor fhall any toll

*

*

Digitized by

.Google

x. TThe nineteenth and twentieth Tatars of George ITI.

A* D or duty be demanded or taken for the horfes of foldiers paf-I779-8<x fing, that are upon their march, or for waggons, carts, cam. Chap, 45. or other carriages attending them ; nor for horfes, waggons, Carts, cam, or other carnages travelling with vagrants lent by paffea, or with prifoners tranfmitted from one part of the ^	,	kingdom	to	another,

oasi,asherein!	XXV. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, that

* the tolls or duties hereby granted (hall take place and hare continuance from and after the firft day of November one thoufand feven hundred and eighty for and during the term of lixty one years.

Orf truftees	XXVI. Provided neverthelefs, that if at any time before

adjudication, the expiration of the feid term of fixty one years all the parts toll dermfe?*’ *he faid road (hall be fufficiently made, amended, and * one K»if_ repaired, and fo adjudged by the majority of the truftees, appointed or hereafter to be chofen by virtue of this aft, hr any adjudication made, and after repayment of fuch fums of money as have or (hall have been advanced or borrowed, with intereft for the fame, and the cofls and charges thereof, then and in fuch cafe the (aid tolls and duties (hall be decreak cd refpeftively one half of their prefent amount payable by virtue of this aft; the faid referved moiety to be applied towards keeping up and preserving the faid rbad in repair.

. XXVII. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, that for the continuing a fufficient number of able perfons to be truflces for putting in execution all and every the powers in this aft contained for and duriog the continuance thereof it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid truftees or any five or more of them upon the death of any of the faid truf-iees, or their removal, or refufingor declining to aft in the faid trull, from time to time and at all times hereafter during the term aforefaid to eleft, nominate, and appoint in the toomof fuch truftee or truftees fo deceafed, removed, or refufing to aft, another fit ar.d able perfon, or fo many more fit and able perfons, living in the faid county of Tipperary or Kilkenny, to be joined with fhe faid truftees ip tbe execution of all and every the powers in them repofed by virtue of this aft ; and all and every perfon and perfons lo to be $hofen truftee or truftees to join in putting this aft in execution, as they are herein before qualified to do, (hall and may and are hereby empowered to aft to all intents and pur-pofes in as full, large, and ample manner, as the faid truftees are by this aft empowered to do, and fa toties quot'ies as often as occafion (hall require, fourteen days XXVII. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, that notice by clerk the clerk and treafurer of the faid turnpike (hall fourteen kir< j	days previous to the firft day of May in every year during

^ 1 J	the continuance of this aft give publick notice by adver-

tifement in the publin Gazette of a hoard to be held in tha

ioiW

On vacancies Or declining to aft others ehofcn.

of board at

Clonmcll,

^Digitized

i by	$1.

9% ntneteen^anj twentieth Tean of George III.	£9$

town of Clonmell in the county of Tipperary on the (aid firft A. D. day of May between the hour# of eleven and three o’clock, at 1779-H0. which the faidtruitees or any nine or more of them (hall and Chap. 45. may proceed to examine the feveral accounts of the faid turnpike ; and the faid clerk and treafurer are hereby autho* nine truftU# riz.cd and dire&ed to produce their refpe&ive .books contain-to examine ac-iug entries of the feveral receipts and payment^ of mon$y Q0^nl*» and of all account# whatfoever relating to the faid turnpike; at which hoard the feveral creditors of the (aid turnpike or their agents may rogifter their refpe&ive debentures, aodfet* tie their federal accounts with the faid clerk and treafurer, and receive from faid truftees fuch payment of inteccfl V principal, as the funds of the faid .turnpike will enable the laid truftees to make; fuch payments to be made in fuch manner and under fuch reflri^ions as are already mentioned in this ad.

XXIX* And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, If not a awn-* that the faid truftees or any fifteen or more of them (hall tJaA"tHe*** meet at Clonmell on the fecond day of the fummer aflizes, clerk to appoint to be held for the faid county of Tipperary, or on the hilt meeting.

Tuefday in September one thoufand feven hundred and eight* ty ; Sind the faid truftees may then- adjourn themfelves and afterwards meet there, or at any other place or plaees'Uear the faid highway or road to be made or repaired* as the faid'

- truftees or any five or more of them fhalL-think proper and Convenient, as often as it (hall be neeeffery foiuhe putting this a A into execution; and if. it (hall happen, that there (hall hot appear at any meeting, which (hall be appointed to be had or held |>y the feid truftees, a fufffeient number of truftees to a A at fuch meeting and to adjourn to apy .o^her day, then andin.fuch caf© the clerk of the faid truftees, by notice so writing to be affixed at the refpettive gates or turnpikes at lead ten, days before the next meeting, (hall appoint vthe faid truftees to meet at the honfe, where the meeting of the faid truftees was laft appointed to be had, or at fome>other convenient hpufe near the faid road, op that day fortnight upon, which fuch laft meeting of the truftees wps appointed to. have been held 1 and that the (aid truftees at their firft meeting and at all other fubfequent meetings (hall defray their own charges and.expences.

XXX- Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the trupcc t0 authority aforefejd* that no perfon or perfons, appointed or enjoy place of to be appointed by this a£t a truftee or truftees for putting rr°ftc* this a& in execution* (hall havtf ,qe accept* of any place of 'profit arifing out of or .by re^fon of the toll or duties by this aft laid or granted, but>fuch perfon or perfons (hall be incapable from the time of accepting and*continuing to enjoy tuch place of profit of a&iag as a truftee or,truftees.

.	,•	.XXXh	Aud

Digitized

tized by GOO^C

A&ioiis laid Tipperary or Kilicaay, e*c.

A pabliek ad

Coatioutuee is herein.

On adjudication of truf-teea, dec. toll toceafe.

Petfoui herein appointed (ball Sc truftaes.

^tbe nineftfaitb dnd twentieth Teer^jf tieorgt Ilf.

XXXI.	And be rt cnatted by the authority afordakfY that if any fuit (hall he commenced again ft airy perfon or perfons for any thing done in pnrfuance of this a&, that in every (bob cafe the a&ion fhall be laid in the county of Tipperary or Kilkenny, and hot elfcwhere; and the defendant or defendants in fuch may plead the general tfTue aitd give this ad and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be Had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance* and by authority of this ad ; and if it (ball appear io to be done, or fuck a&ion or a&ions fhall be brought in any other county, that the jury fhall find for the 'defendant or defendants; and upon fuch rerdifi, or if the plaintiff fhah be nonftrited, or diicontinue his a&ion, after the defendant or defendants fhall have appeared, or if on any demurrer judgment fhall be given againft the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants fhall and may recover treble cofis, and have the like remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in any other cafes in law.

XXXII.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, that this a& fhall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick a&» and be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, jufticcs, and other perfons whatsoever, without fpe-cially pleading the fame.

XXXIII.	Provided dfo, and he it rfce&ed by the authority aforefaid, that the fcvetttl tolls and duties hereby granted, and all other the pr»>;fions and regulations herein contained, fliall take-place and have continuance from and after the faid firff day of November one thoufand feven hundred and eighty for and during the term and fpacc of fixty ode years, and no longer.

XXXIV.	And be it cnafbed by the authority aforefaid, that if at any time before the expiration of thefaidterm and fpace of fixty one years all parts of the faid mad fhall have been fufncicntly amended and repaired, and fhall be fo adjudged by the majority of the truftees appointed, or hereafter to be chofcn by virtue of this a£l, and if repayment fhall have been made of fuch itioncy as fhall have been advanced or borrowed on credit of the faid tolls or duties, with aH intereft for the fame when intereft fliall Be payable, and if all the cofis and charges attending the fame fliall have been paidaud fatif-$ed, in fuch cafe the faid tolls and duties fhaU ceafe and be utterly void, any thing herein contained to the contrary not-trith (landing.

XXXV.	And foe ft ena&ed by the tttlrority aforefaid, that

the faid perfons, hereinbefore appointed trtffifee* for the faid toad, ifhall be alfo truftees for the oM'tufripftte road leading from Kilkenny to Clbhm'ell throi^h Calleto and by Ntnerofie houfe, and have full power to aA as tiuftett fdr the fame, a* well and in as full manner as the prefent truftees for the fame havepotfrer to do.	C tt A	1\

Qigitized-by _

Gooslcf



Tolls IncrcaP

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of Georg* III.

CHAP. XLVIII.

At Aft for amending an Aft made in iht Thirteenth Tear of His late Majefty Gtorge the Second, entitled, An Aft for repairing and amending the Road leading from the Town of Clon-mell in the County of Tipperary through the Towns tfClcgh-een, Mitch elftown, and to Donerail/ in the County of Cork ; and another Aft pajjed in the Trvoenty*ninib tear of His f .id late Majefty's Reigntentitled* AnAft for amending ami repairing the faid Road, and for other Purfo/es.

WHEREAS the faid roai is in many parts of it in a ruinous condition: be it ena&ed by the King's mod excellent Majefty by and with the advice and ronfent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this pre-fent Parliament aflembkd, and by the authority of the fame, .

That the tolls of the fevrral turnpike gates on the laid road (hall be encreafed one third over and above the tolls now pay- and (beep, for able, black cattle and fhieep only excepted, for which no 5 year*, encreafe tolls fhall be paid $ the faid encreafc tolls to be payable for the term of five years, and no longer, and to commence from the firft day of Auguft in the year one thou-fand feven hundred and eighty.

II.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That all tolls or rents arifmgfrom that part of the (aid road lying in pl‘ed. the county of Tipperary fhall be applied to the repairing of fuch part of the faid road, as lies in the faid county, and to ‘ no other ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoever, fave only to the payment of the treafureris falary, or of three fourths of the fame, whilft there fhall be one treafurer only for the entire road in the faid two counties; and that the tolls arifing in the county of Cork fhall be in like manner applied to the repairing of fuch parts of the faid road, as he in the faid county.

III.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That Treafurer to the treafurer fhall keep diftinA and feparate hooks containing ^(^forThe accounts of the faid tolls or rents, and of all tranfa&ions, two counties, proceedings, and orders relative to the faid road ; one of the laid books to comprehend all ipatters relative to the faid Tipperary road, and the other book to comprehend all matters relative to the faid road in the county of Cork.

IV.	And whereas the tolls of the faid feveral gates have *661, 13*. of been fet for two years from the firft day of May one thoufand tt^c^,mtc^ feven hundred and ftfvent y nine at the yearly rent of two perary, hundred and twenty two pounds fifteen (hillings without dif-criminatirig the rents payable fur fuch of the faid gates, as lie in the county of Tipperary: be it ofe&ed by the autho-

Toll* ap-ilied io the re



Digitized by

Google

6©<

A* Eh

*779-80

Chap.

56I. 1«. to Cork.

Incre»f<M rent daftnhtttcd in faid proportion.

9 Trullcca may make feparate leafe* for two years, a* herein.

>

Additional trodee* appointed*

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George lit rity aforefaid, That one hundred and'fixty fix pounds thirteen (hillings of the faid rent (hall be accounted for to the faid county of Tipperary, and the remaining part of the (aid two hundred and twenty two pound* fifteen (hillings, being fifty fix pounds two (hillings, (haH be credited to the faid county of Cork. road.

V.	And whereas the tenant of the faid gates is willing in confideration of the increafe of the faid tolls, to make a proportionable increafe in his rent: be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That fuch increafed rent (hall be difinbut-ed between the roads in the (aid two countiesro the propor*< tion above mentioned.

VI.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any nine or more of the faid truftees to make one or more feparate leafe or leafesof the gates on the faid road in the county of Tipperary, and one or more feparate leafe or leafes of the gates on the road tn the county of Cork, from and after the firft day of May frnc thoufand feven hundred and eighty one, for any term not exceeding two years, at the bed rent that caq be had for the fame from a folvent tenant or tenants, the treafurer of the faid road firtl giving three months previous notice of the time and place of Jetting ; fuch notice, if it (hafr relate to the. county of Cork gates, to be inferted in feme news paper printed in the city of Cork; and if it (hall relate to the county of Tipperary gates, to be inferte.d in fome news paper printed in the town of Clonmel!.,

VII.	Be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That all boards hereafter to be held, and aH leafes to be made, and all bufinefs whatever to be tranfaded relative to the faid gates and road in the county of Tipperary, (hall be held at the following and no other places, the towns of Cionmell, Ardfinan, Clogheen, and Balhporeen; and all boards held and bufinefs tranfaded relative to the faid gates and road, in any other place (hall be null and void to all intents and purpofes, any (latute to the contrary thereof in any wife, not with (landing.

VIII.	And whereas it is neceflary to appoint additional truftees, who refide irt or near the line of the faid part of the faid road lying in the county of Tipperary : be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the perfons herein after mentioned, (hall be and are hereby appointed t rulteea of the faid road, vvV his grace the archbilhop of Cafhell, the bi(hop of Waterford, lord Cahir, Francis Mathew and Henry Prit-tie efquires, the earl of Clanwilliam, lord vifeount Mount-cafhell, the right honourable lord Kingfborough, CorneUus O’Callaghan the elder and Cornelius O’Callaghan the yonnger efquires, David Wal(h efqutre, William Perry cfquire, Richr.

ard

Digitized

d by Google

• The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George ItL ard Perry efquire, William Barton efquire, the right honourable John Hely Hutchinfon, the right honourable fir William Ofborne baronet, Thomas Ofborne efquire, the right honourable fir Henry Cavendifh baronet, fir Edward JJewen-hara knight, the mayor of. Clonmell for the time being, Richard.Heiy Hutchinfon efquire, Stephen Moore efquire,

Guy Moore Coote efquire, Richard Pennefather efquire,

William Pennefather efquire, fir Cornwallis Maude baronet.

Sir William Barker baronet, Thomas Moore efquire, Richard Moore of Chancellorftown efquirP, ThomasChudleigh Moore efquire, John Power efquire, Bury Pallifef efquire, Michael Green efquire, John Bagwell of Kilmore efquire, John Bag-well of Belgrove efquire, William Ryall efquire, Phineas Ry-all efquire, captain Mitchell, reverend do&or Jofeph Moore, reverend Peter Carey,'Thomas Wefton efquire, attorney, the reverend James Denny, Hamilton Lowe Butler efquire, John Miles efquire, William Bagwell efquire, Thomas Clutter-buck efquire, ChrHlopber Kellet efquire, Thomas Prender-gaft efquire, Thomas Q\iinn efquire, Robert Seijeaut gentk-man, Maurice Lonergan gentleman, William Lonergan gentleman, Thomas Lonetgan gentleman, Thomas Forreft gentleman, Thomas Dobbvn gentleman, Richard Dobbyn gentleman, and William Alllop gentleman.

IX.	And be it ena&ed by the authority afordaid. That x the treafurer of the faid road (hall duly attend the meet- w on not ings of the truflees, and in default thereof, that it (hall attending, and may be lawful to and for the truflees of the faid road,

or ajiy feven of them, at any meeting to remove the treafurer tor the time being from being treafurer of the part of the faid road in the faid county, when he (bajl not duly attend as aforefaid.

X.	And whereas there remained in the treafurer^ hands T^c fam*. on the fifth day of May one thoufand feven hundred and

eighty the fum of one hundred and thirty one pounds fix- rers hands, to teen (hillings and one penny halfpenny after all allowance* to be applied to that d^y be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the fum of ninety eight pounds feventeen (hillings, being part of roaa* the faid fum, (hall be applied towards the repair of the faid county gf Tipperary road, and the remaining part of the faid fum, being thirty two pounds nineteen (hillings and one penny halfpenny, (hall be applied towards the repair of the faid county of Cork road.

7 may re-‘ move treafu-

C it A &

%

Digitized by Google

}lf mm tuwAanJ twentieth Year* ef George Til. CHAP. XLIX.

An afl Jer altering* emending and continuing, and making more eJftStual an act wade in the thirteenth andfcurl tenth jeans oj the reign of bis prefent Majefiy, entitled, An ad fet amending and repairing the road leading from the city *f Cork to the brook, which bounds the counties of Cork sad T pperarj near the foot^f Kilworth mountain, and on to KhOckboy turnpike gate, and other purpefes.

WHEREAS an ad pafled in the thirteenth and foar-teenth years of the reign of his prefent Majtfty, eat it led. An ad for amending ana repairing the roads leading from the city of Cork to the brook, •which bounds the counties of Cork and Tipperary near the foot of Kilnvorth mountain, and from thence to the road leading from the town of Cknmcll in the county of Tipperary through the towns cf Chghecn, Mitcbdf-town, and jo Doner ail* in the county of Cork -' and whereas the faid road is at prefent in a very bad Hate ard in want of repair, and it is found by experience, that the tolls and duties granted and made payable by an ad pafTed in the feventh year of the reign of his late Majefiy king Georgophe fecond, entitled, An aQ for repairing the road leading from the city Cork to the brook, which bound* the counties of Cork end Ttp ferary, near the foot of Kilworth mountain, and for other pur-pojes therein mentioned, have not been fufficient to keep the faid road in order and repair; and that notwithftandirlg the fums already expended the faid road is now in a minors condition, and it Is found expedient to make the federal pm-vifions herein after mentioned for the more efFefliial amending* repairing, and keeping the faid road leading from the city of Cork to the brook, which bounds the counties of Cork and Tipperary, near the foot of Kilworth mountain ifl good ordfer and repair; be it enaded by the king’s mod a-cellent Majefiy by and with the advice and confent of the lords f^iritual ahd temporal and commons m this prefent par-( liament afTemblccT, and by the authority of the fame, that for the better furveying, ordering, amending, and keeping in repair the laid road leading from the city of Cork to the vs and 14 O. brook, which bounds the counties of Cork and Tipperary, 3. e. 19.	near the foot of Kilworth mountain, the perfona in the faid

7 a c.10. ad 0f the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his prefent Ma* named in*! 3 and	nimc^*	and	none	others,	be the trufteet for put-

14 G. t. c, 29. ting the laid recited ads and this prefent ad in execution; and none other*, and that the (aid truftees, or any feven or more of them, (hall be truftecs or fuch perfon or perfons as they (hall authorize or appoint, thVtod&kf *aja&tf the firfk day of AuguR one thoufand feven bun* aas.	3

<«4

A. D.

1779*0.



Digitized by

Google

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of Gtt>rg£ III." jdred and eighty in lieu of the feveral tolls and duties im-powered to be raifed, levied, or taken in and by the faid former ads, or any of them, receive and take the wdls and duties following, before any horfe, mare, mule, gelding* cattle, coach, berlin, chariot, chaife, or chair, capri&le, waggon, wain, cart, car, truckle, or other carriage, fhal be permitted to pafs through the fame, te wit* for every coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chaife, or ctyur drawn fey four horfes, geldings, mares, or mules one /billing and fit pence; for every coach, berlin, chariot, calalh, chaife or chair, drawn by two horfes, geldings, mares, or miiles th* fum of one (hilling and one penny 5 for every waggort, wain, cart, or other carriage with two wheels, drawn by one or two horfes, geldings, mares, taules, or bullpcks, (except cafrts or carriages drawing turf, com in (heaves, and hay to the haggards of perfons living adjacent to the faid road, and not for fale) the fum of fix pence ; for every wain, cart, or other carriage, with two wheds, drawn by three or more horfes, mares, geldings, mules, or oxen, the fnm of one (hilling and fix pence; for every carriage commonly c*lk£ a chair, chaife, or capriole, drawn hv one horde, mare, mule, or gelding, the fum of (ix pflfce; for every car, truckle, or other carriage, drawn by one horfe, mare, mule, gelding, or bullock, the fum of two pence ; for every other horfe, mare, or gelding, mule, or afs, laden or unladen, not drawing, the fum of three halfpence; for every drove of oxpn, cows, or neat cattle, the fum of one (hilling and eight pence per fcore, and fo in proportion for any greater 'Or lefc number; for every drove of calves, hogs, (beep, goats, or lambs, the fum of ten pence per fcore, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs cumber; which faid refpedivt fum or fums of money (hall be deemed and taken in the name df or as a toll or duty, any thing in the faid former ada, or any of them, to the contrary notwithftanding; and that the money fo to be raifed may be by the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, verted in the faid truftees, and the fame, and every part thereof may be paid, applied, and difpofed of in manner and for the fame purpofes, as in and by the faid former ads is direded, fave as herein after mentioned.

II.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the treafurer of the faid road may out of the firft money, which (hall be in his hands arifing by the tolls and duties aforefaid, firft pay and difeharge the expences of procuring this ad of parliament.

III.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the tolls or duties hereby granted (hall take place and have continuance from and after the firft day of Auguft one

thoufand

the toll.

Treafurer firft to pay e1ponce* of this aGt.t

Tolls continued from 1 ft Auguft 1780, 4X ye^rs, 5cc.

Digitized by

v Google

G. jury for County of Cork may prefent for treafurer joL a year, Ice.

Apnblkkaft.

The nineteenth an& twsttleth Tedrs of George Jtt. thoufand feven huodred and eighty for and daring the tern* of forty-one years, and until tnq end of the next feffioo of parliament $ and that all and every powers, authorities, articles, rules, penalties, and daufes in the (aid recited ads of the feventh of his late Majefty king George the fecond and the thirteenth and fourteenth of his prefent Majefty contained, except what are hereby altered, fhall be of full force asd effed, and fhall continue and be executed, from and after the (aid firft day of Auguft one thoufand feven hundred and eighty for and during the term of forty one years, and from thence to the end or the then next feffion of parliament, for the intents and purpofes in the faid a&§ as herein mentioned, as if the fame powers and authorities granted and given by the laid ads were herein again repeated and re-enaded ih the body of this prefent ad, any thing in the faid ads contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

IV.	And whereas it is expedient, that the grand jury of the county of Cork fhall have power to prefent a greater yearly fum for the treafurer of the faid county, than they by the laws now in force are impowered to do, the faid county being of a large extent, and requiring a treafurer very converfant in accdKts, and who can give fecurity for the large fums nc^eflary to be raifed in that county; be it ena&» ed by the authority afore faid, That from and after the twenty-fourth day 6f June one thoufand feven hundred and* eighty the grand jury at the affixes to be held for the faid county from time- to time fhall fyare power, if they think fit, to make preferments in the ufual manner for raifing any fum not exceeding fifty pounds a year for the treafurer of the faid county for the time being, over and above the fums which the grand jury of the fajd county is impowered by the laws now in force to prefent for fuch treafurer, and the judges at fuch affizea fhall and may confirm the faid presentment.

V.	And be it further erta&tfd by the authority aforefaid, That this ad fhall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick a&, and be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juftices, and all other perfons whatfoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CHAP. L.

An a8for further enforcing a due execution of the laws relathe to turnpike roads in this kingdom.

WHEREAS many of the turnpike roads in this kingdom have been for feveral years paft much neglc&cd, and are now greatly out of rq>air; be it enaded

*Tte' nineteenth and t<&Jtnlleth Tears •/‘ George 111', the king’s mod excellent Majefty by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and com* "irons in this prefent parliament aflfemblcd, and by the authority of the fame, that the treafurers of the feveral turnpike roads in this kingdom refpeaively (hall on or before

Turnpike

Treafurer not complying 1 with orders

the fir 11 day of Odlobcr one fhoufand feven hundred and

eighty depofite with the clerks of the peace of the counties yLrly return to

refpc&ively, •though which the turnpike roads of this <jerks of peace

kingdom, or any part thereof is or are ‘carried, true copies copies of every

of all and every leafe and leafes, articles and agreements, lea,c» articlc wr . t ,	,	7	11	r i r • i	'	r agreement of

whereby the turnpike gates or tolls ot tpe laid roads refpec- thc^tc* or tolls,

tively arc now fet or agreed to be fet, together with a tiuc as herein.

account of all fums received and !paid on account of the faid

road, down to the day of depofiting the (aid account, and

(hall afterwar.ds return to the fakl clerks of the peace on or

l>efore the fir ft day of O&ober in every year copies of every

leafe, article* and agreement, that (hall be made of the faid

gates or tolls, or of any of them* together with a true ao

count of the Turns that (hall be received and paid on account

of the faid road, from the time cf making the laft return,

together with the number of perches of the faid road which .

(hall have been repaired from the time aforefaid.

U. And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That if any treafurer of any tnrnpike road in this kingdom (hall ^

•fail to comply with the orders hereby given, or with any of herein, or* not them, or (hall hereafter fail to make fuch returns, as are returning as by dire&ed to be made by a ftatute made in this kingdom in i3an(l *4 G- 3* the thirteenth arid fourteenth yeaisof the reign of his prefent c*	°nc<* 2ol‘

Majefty, entitled, dn a8 for enforcing a due execution of the, la<u)s relative to turnpike roads in, this kingdom^ it (hall and may be lawful to and for any one of thejuftices of afllze for the faid county to examine upon oath the clerk of the peace touching the faid returns, and to fine every treafurer neglecting or omitting to make fuch returns as aforefaid in ^ny fum not exceeding the fum of twenty pounds, and to order .execution againft the body, goods, and lands of the faid treafurer for the faid fum.

III.	Provided always, that no fuch fine (hall be impofed No fine for for any negl^df, that has happened in not complying with not complying the dire&ions ©f the faid ftatute of the thirteenth and four-

teenth years of his prefent Majefty at any lime before the thi/ait.*" palling of this a&; and that where fuch fine (hall be impoled, there (hall be no proceeding for the forfeiture of twenty pounds mentioned in the faid laft mentioned ftatute.

IV.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That Return on every fuch treafurer (hall verify upon oath before two magi- oath before a ftrates of t^ie county or of one pf the.counties*.through nuoiftratc*» *c. which the faid road pafies, which oath the faid magistrates

are

Digitized by v^ooQle

Paper depo-

or line 20I.

Treafurer fworn before ajudj^c, examined br G. jury, as hertin.

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George If I. ai« hereby empowered and required to adminifter, that the (aid return it a true and juft return to the beft of his kdge and belief; which oath (hall be figned by the tieafiirer. at the foot of the (aid account, and by the (aid magiftrate.

—r----------------* V. And be k enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the

faUy in die*”" ^ clerks of the peace (hall carefully keep and preforve the 0ftCCf	laid	paper,	fo	to	be depofited with them, ia their offices re-

fpectively} and for every failure or neglect * (hall be fined by the judge of affize in any fum of money not exceeding twenty pounds, and (hall be ordered into execution for the faid fum.

VL And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That it (ball and may be lawful to and for the grand jury of every county to call every furh treafurer before them, and to examine him upon oath, firft fending him to one of the judges to be fworn, touching the date of the faid road, and all matters whatfoever relative to the tolls, rents, debts, and credits of the fame ; and if it (hall appear to the laid grand jury by an affidavit to be fworn before one of the judges of affize for the faid county, that any part of the faid road k in bad repair or condition, and that the money remaining in the treafurer’s hands is fufficient for repairing the (aid part of the (aid road, or that the rents referred for the faid tolls wffi be fufficient for repairing the fame within a certain time, to be ascertained by the faid grand jury, that in every fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid grand jury to make a prefcntment, that the faid treafurer (hall within a certain time to be mentioned in fuch prefcntment caufe to be repaired fuch parts of the faid road, as (hall be deferihed m the faid prefcntment; and that in cafe the judge of affize (hall feal the faid prefcntment, that the (aid treafurer (hall be bound to caufe the (aid road to be repaired purfuant to the (aid prefcntment.

VII.	^And be it ena&ed by,tbe authority aforefaid, That if at the next enfuing affixes the query on the (aid presentment (hall not be anfwered in fuch a manner as to fatisfy the

If query not anfwered next

affixes, cxecu-

ttc&farafbr the court* that the (aid work has been done purfuant to the faid

fum.

Fines and funis paid over to treafurer,

applied to ,^pair.

prefcntment, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid judge to order execution againft the body, goods, and lands of the (aid treafurer for the fum mentioned in the faid presentment.	i

VIII.	And be it cna&ed by the authority aforefaid. That the feveral fines which (hall be fo impofed, and the fums which (hall be paid by virtue of the faid executions, (hall be paid over to the treafurer of the faid turnpike road, and (hall be applied towards the repair of the fame.

IX.	And

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears t>f George TIT.

IX.	And be it ena&ed by the authority afdrtfaid, That every filch treafitrer agalnft whom any ftich execution IKall be ordered to iffue, (hall from the dme bf making fu£h order be incapable to a & as treifiirer of the faid ttlrripike road 5 and in cafe he fhall a& as treafiirer after maki'rig tKe faid order, that he fhall forfeit five ppunds for ev<fry time, that he fhall offend in the fafd office, to be recovered by civil bitl at the next affizes for the faid county by the fiflt perfon who will firll fue for the fame.

X.	Provided always, that nothing in this Contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to the road from Dublin to Dunleer, from Dtfrileer to Dundalk, from Dun-dalk to Netfry and BanbridgCj and from Dublin to Kinnd-gad and Mullingar, or any of them, or the truftees appointed for the fame, or to their proceedings, their treafurer, clerks, or fervants, or any of them, nor to any treafurdr of a county', or clerk of the peace, for Or fa fdfpedt Of the fame.

..Trc^bnar

under fuch execution in* capable, acting at treafurer after order, 5L every offence.

Road* excepted-

CHAP. LI.

An aft for hefting a competent fart bf the real anitperfonbl eft&tes of the late right honourable fir Henry Cavcndifh hero* net deceafed in trufiees for difeharging a debt due by the Jatd fir Henry Cavtndijh to his Majtjly, dnd for the purfofn therein mentioned.

WHEREAS the late right honourable'fir Henry Ca-vendifh baronet, deceafed, was in the year one thou-fend feven hundred and fifty-fix duly appointed cafhier and teller of and in his Majefty's treafury and exchequer in Ireland, and continued in the faid office until hia death, which, happened on or about the thirty-flrft day of December m the year one thoufand feven hundred and feverity-fix : and whereas the laid fir Henry Cavendifh was at thfe time of his death: confiderably indebted to his Majefty on acconnt of monies received by him in hii faid office, and was alfo indebted to leveral perfons in large funis of money: and whereas the faid fir Henry Cavendifh was in his lifetime apd at the time of his death feized iff fee fimple or of the equity bf redemption in fee fimple of and'in the feveral towns, lands, grounds, melfuages, tenements, and hereditaments, herein after particularly mentioned, and was alfo feiafcd and po£* fefied of and intitled unto feveral other lands, herein alfo after mentioned, by virtue of leafes for lives and years, and of other perfonal: property; and being fo feized and poffefled he duly made and published his laft will and tefla-jnent in writing, beating- date on or about the fifth day of Vql. VL	Qji	December

RtcitH

^1/0	*	*	* * The nineteenth and t^utnlieth Te'ars of George III.

.A-* jj/ December in the year one thoufand feven hundred and foe* ’ .j 7'Ty-So** ty»fi*, and did thereby devife and bequeath his lands and V Chap. *5 ». '.tenements in Great Britain, of which he was feized in fee fitn|>le, and had a power to difpofe, to his eldeft Ion Hemy Cavendifh, now the right honouiable fir Henry Cavcndiio, 'his heirs, executors, admin iftrators, and aifigns, according 'to his fevcral eftates and interefts therein, and did thereby • • alfo devife and bequeajth'to his-faid fon,' his heirs, executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, all his fee fimple and unfettled *	*	'elldtcs in the Iricgdom of'Ireland, his leafebold rfoteaxl

intereft held under the fee of Clogher, and al] other his ml .aHd’perfonal eflate And fortune, fubje& to fuch legacies a< .were therein bequeathed, and chargeable alfo with the fob lowing annuities, that is to-fay, to his wife Catherine lady Cavendifh, fmee deceafed, the yearly fum of three hundred pounds, to his foil William Cavcndith the yearly fum of two hundred pounds, to his daughter Anne, lady Braditrcet, the yearly fum of fifty pounds, to his daughter Catherine Burroughs the yearly fum of fifty pounds, to his daughter Caroline Quin the yearly fum of fifty pounds, to his lifter E’i/.ab th Cavend.in the yearly fum >f iixty pounds, refpcc-tively during their lives; and did give and bequeath to his lo.i 'J.uaes Cavendifh one thoufand pounds, which he had ‘fuVcribed in his name in the government tontine; and did order aril* dire^, that all his juft debts fhould be paid, and did thereby conllitiite and appoint his faid fon Henry Ca-v^rdifo hi> foie executor ; and whereas the faid fir Henry -Clvendifh proved the faid will-in his Majftty's court of pre-rcgHtive and 'obtained a probate thereof: and whereas a .commifiion illued out of his Majefty’s fold court of exchr-ejutr under the feal thereof, bearing teft the twelfth day of February in. the eighteenth year of hi*'prelent Majefty’s reign, dimmed to certain-commiffioners'tlferein named, im*

. , powering them in manner therein mentioned to enquire whether the faid fir Henry Cavendifh was in his life time and at the time of his death indebted unto his Majeftv io any and wbit fum of money/ and whether the fame* or any and what - part thereof; then remained due-arid unpaid to bis Majcfty: *. and whereas the* faid commiflioners duly executed and returned the faid commiflion : and by an inquifition indented ?nd taken thereon on Wednefday the twenty fifth day of March in the faid eighteenth year of his Majefty’s reign it was found* that the faid fir Henry Cavendifh deceafed was in his life time and at the time of bis death indebted to his Majcfty in the fum of fixty thoufand two hundred and eleven ; . i. p™ nds feven (hillings and -two pence, and that forty-three thoufand pounds tSrb'pfence halfpenny thereof then remained “ affe and unpHidno'bi^ fhkl Majelly • and whereas the faid hr v	3	Henry

\

Digitized by Google

7"he nineteenth and twfhttitly Tears of George Henry Cavendifh the fan harh fin£e the taking of the faid inquiiition paid intohis Majefly’s treafufy at different times on account of the faid forty-three thoufand pounds two, pence halfpenny' the farri of four hundred and ten pounds tf n\ (hillings and ten'pence farthing, and there now ren&isl.dufe on account of the faid debt.the fum of forty-two tboofandT five hundred and eighty-nine pounds nine fhillipga and-four pence farthing, and no more:- and whereas the fajd^Jir Hen**y Cavendifh deceafcd was at the time of his death indebted to fcveral perfons by mortgage^jydgmpttv aud*ptjler fecurities, in feveral conlidtrable fnms .of"money, over ar)d befides the faid debt due to the crown ::artel whereas hy indented deed of releafe or mortgage, bearing- date on or about the twenty-eighth day of Augult one thoufand feven. hundred and fifty-eight, of three parts made- between the right honourable Humphry carl of Lane&orough of the firft part, the right honourable Robert late earl of J^fvedere (then lord vifeount Belfield) of die fecond.part^ and the faid late fir Henry Cavendifh of the third part, in confidjratioft of the fiim of five thoufand rands paid by the faid fir f^enry. Cavendifh to the faid earl ^PLanefborough, they the faid Humphry earl of Lancfborough and Robert fcarl of Belvedere did grant, releafe, and confirm unto the faid fir Henry Cavendiih, and his heirs and affigns, all that and thofe the towns, lands, tenements, hereditaments, and prerpifes here* in after mentioned, that is to fay,

Tirrellfpafs, and being in

meath, with their appurtenances, fubjedt, to a provifo or condition in the faid indenture of releafe contained .on payment of the fum of dive thoufand pounds, and interdt thereof at the rate of four pounds by the hundred by. the ye^r ; and for the better fecuring the payment of the faid fum of five thoufand pounds and interefl the faid Robert, earl of Belvedere executed to the faid-fir Henry Cavendifh a bond,., bearing equal date with the faid indenture of releafe* in the fum of ten thoufand pounds conditioned for the payment, of the faid fum of five thoufand pounds and the int^tfi thereof as aforefaid, and alfo executed a warrant of attorney, bearing . equal date with the (aid bbnd, for. con felling a judgment-thereon for the faid fum of ten .thoufand^ pound's^ and whereas John Wilcocks of the city of Dublin banker' did in or as of Hillary term one thoufand-liven. Ktindrdd. arrd fifty-four obtain a judgment in jhe coutt*"of* 'exchequer againfl the faid Robert earl of Belvedete (then lord vifeount Bellfield) for the fum of eight thoiifan dpounds debt befides coft&j which judgment was afterwards afligned to the faid late fir Henry Cavendifh :> and whereas-the "faid .'‘fir Henry

Cavendifh

Kilbrenan andQniidan, reduff, fituate, lying,

Leghegare, Ltffdaf&n, Templeoran, and Gar-the county of .Weft-

)igfti2ted by C:

6s\	Tie	nin$#*thciititoxnfrtA Tears Gcorjjc 111-

A* Df G%*qndifli deceafcd did in or 98. of Trinity term one thoifc-173^80. fand feven hundred and fixty-feven obtain a judgment in the court of exchequer againft the laid earj of Belvedere for the fum qf two thousand pounds debt befides cods; and the faid fir Henry Cavendim did in or as of Trinity term in the year one thoufand fever* hundred and fixty-cine obtain am-Other judgment in the faid court againft the faid carl for the fum of four thoufand pounds debt befides cods: and whereas Richard Robinfon efquire in or aq of Trinity term in the year one thoufand fevenhundred and fixty-feven obtained a judgment in the faid epuri of exchequer againft the faid earj of Belvedere for the. fum of one, thoufand pounds debt befidcs co$£, which laft mentioned judgment afterwards became veiled in Iheophilus Solton efquire in truftfor the faid firfHenry Cavendjfh: and i&herea$ the faid fir Heary Ca-vendifh deceaftd did in. or as of Hilary terra one thoufand fev$n hundred. and feventy-fiVe obtain three feparate judgments in the court of king’s bench of Ireland againft Richard Rpbjnfpn efquircj the honourable Richard Rochfort Mer-vyn, and the honourable Robert Rochfort, all of the city ‘•f; Dublin, each for the fum of fcfour hundred pounds debt befidcs coftsj and the faiq ur Henry Cavendifti did as of Hilary term one, thoufand, feven hundred and feventy-five aforefaid obtain feparate judgments in the faid couU of king’s bench againft the faid Richard Robinfon efquire, the honourable Richard Rochfort, and the honourable Robert Rochfort, each, for the fum of. four hundred pounds debt befidcs cofts: aqd whereas the faid fir Henry Cavendifti do-ce^fed did. in or as of Hilary term one thoufand feven hundred, and feventy-fix obtain feparate judgments in the faid Court of kind’s bench againft John Clarke of the city of Dublin efquire*. Thomas Gough of the faid city efquire, ind john Clarke the hunger of the faid city efquire, each £>r, the fum of three thoufand pounds debt befides colls :

. iAd whereas the faid fir Henry Cavendifh dpceafed in; or as of Epifter term one thoufand icven hundred and foventy-fix obtained feparate judgments in the faid court of king’s beqph againft John Clarke and Thomas Gough both of the City of Dublin each igr the fum of three hundred and forty three pound* fifteen (hillings and eight pence halfpenny debt be&lt*bqftp: and.whprgas the faid fir Henry Cavendilh deceased, did.as of Trinity tend hi.the yw of our lord one thoqfand feven hundred and .fixty-three. obtain a judgment id hip M a jelly’s court of exchequer in Ireland againft Frede-Gotepfthepity,of ijuhlin efquire/or the fum of two thoufand three, hundred 3^ thirty-nine ^pounds eleven ftiik . lings^and eight p^nce tfterling de^t befidys cofta : and whereas fipd fir .Cww dis.d feiaod itk fee Ample# pf

that

The nineteenth and tw&tidh Years of George III-	0*3

that piece of ground Strata in Kildarc-ftpeet in the cohnty A. D. of the city of Dublin* and of the. towns, lands, tenements, 1779-80. and hereditaments, fituatc in the county of. Sligo, herein Chap. 5X* after mentioned : and whereas feyejal proceedings hare been	*■>

had in his Majefty's court of exchequer in. Ireland for recovering the faid debt or balance due to the crown: and whereas the expence and delay attending on fuch proceedings, mud diminifh the faidC eftate of the laid fir Henry Cavendifh dcceafed: and whereas-it will tend greatly to accelerate the payment of the faid debt due to his Majefty and the (aid other debts of the faid fir Henry Cavendifh, if the eftates and :efFe&& of the faid fir Henry Cavendifh fhall be vetted in trufives in manner herein after mentioned: therefore at the Eftate*and humble petition and requeil of the faid fir Henry Caven-cffc<at of fir dilh, be it ena&ed by the king's molt excellent Majefty by Henry Cavendifh and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritutd and temporal and commons in this prefect parliament affcrabled, ^icf and by the authority of the fame, that all that piece or par- oocrsefrcvcnce, cel of ground in the ftreet called Kildare-ftrect, containing in breadth to the weft fronting Kildaredlreet thirty-one feet, and in breadth to the rear to the eaft thirty-one feet, and in depth from front to rear one hundred and twenty fix feet, together with a back houfe or building and offices ere&ed thereon, fituale, lying, and. being in the county fif the city of Dublin, be the faid admeafuremeois or any of them more or lefs, with. liberty of .a paffage eleven feet wide to Kildare-Ianc leading iutQ St. PatrickVftrcet Well-lane; and alfo all that piece or parcel of ground in KOdare ftreet aforefaid, containing in breadth in the front to KOdarc-ftreet thirty feet, in the rear .tQ Kildare koe the like number of thirty feet from front to rear adjoining other ground of the duke of Leinfter one hundred und feventy-five feet, and fr<m front to rear adjoining the ground on which the houfe, in which the late fir Henry Cavendifh formerly dwelt, was built, one hundred and feventydire feet three inches, together with one brick houfe or building and offices ere&ed thereon, both which faid houfes or buildings and offices were afterwards and at the time of the d^ccafe of the late fir Henry Cavendifh baronet occupied by the. aforefaid fir Henry Cavendifh baronet as one. dwelling houfe, fituate, lying, and being in the county* of the faid city of Dublin, be the faid admeafurements or any of them more or Ids, with the appurtenances; and alfo all that and thofe the town' and lands of Bunowen, Cloonegcvagh, otherwife Cloonega-vagh, otherwife Cloonegliveragh, Carrow M'Bryan, Cattle-town, Eagbtaraha, otherwife Eightmgh, Bugucarane; otherwife Bugucarraa, Cuguligan, otherwife Cugulegan, btherwife. Cugulmao* RundilUjfi^ otherfeifc Runeddifh,

Rathlce,

by GoO^IC

6*4

A. D. 1779-K0. Chap. 51.

difcharged of, all ufes in the will,

debts and incumbrances,

claims and demands of fir Henry the fou, &c.

but upon •ruffs herein after.

Veiled, fub-je& to fuch njfht or equity of redemption as liable unto.

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears 6f Gttfrgc HI.' Rathlee, Carrowpnddin, Lifaghan	wife T:ffkekane,

otherwife JLifkane, Cabraghmore, Cugur, and the1 lands failed Old grange and MoUntrevagh, ofhervt’if? Monrevrlgh, which faid lands of Old Grange and Motintrevagh are part and parcel and fubdenominations of the faid other lands, or fomeof them, and alfo the town and lands of Rathmore, all fttuate, lying, and being in'the county of Sligo, and alfo the faid leafehold premises in the counties of Dublin and Monaghan, and all and fingular houfes, out houfes, edifices, buildings, barns, ftahlcs, dovecots, gardens, orchards, yards, lands, commons, common of paflure ti)-bary, tythes, oblations, obventions, ways, waters, ua'^r cour.es, bogs, eafements, liberties, privileges, profits, commodities, emoluments, advantages, hereditaments, and' appurtenances whatfoever to the faid feveral towns, lands, tenements, hereditaments, and premiles or any of them belonging or in any wife appertaining, and the reverfou and reverlions, remainder and remainders, yearly and other rents, ilbies* and profits thereof, and of every part and parcel thereof, fhafl from henceforth be fettled upon and vefted in; and the fame are hereby fettled upon and veiled in, his Maje(ly*s chief commiflioners of his revenue of excife andcuftoms, and their fuccefTors for th* time being, freed and difeharged, and abfolutely acquitted, exempted, and exonerated of, from, and againfl all and every of the ufev eilates, trulls, and charges in and by the faid will of thejaid late iir Henry Cavendilh limited, created, or declared of or concerning the fame, and off, from, and againll all debts, charges and in-c imbrances, affedling the ellate of the laid late fir Henry Cavendilh, or any part thereof, and off, from, and againll all claims and demands of the faid fir Henry Cavendilh the fon, and of all and every perfon and perfons claiming or deriving under them or either of them ; but nevertheltis the trulls, and to and for the ends, intents, and purpoYrs. herein after expreffed and declared of and concerning the fame.

II.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That all thofe the faid feveral towns, lands, tenements, and hereditaments herein before, deferibed and mentioned, with their and every of their rights, members, and appurtenances, and the reverfiort and reverfions, remainder and remainders, yearly and other rents, iffues, and profits thereof, and of every part and parcel thereof, and alfi. all lent and arrears of rent now duev out of the faid towns, lands, tenements, and premiffes refpe&ively, (hall from and after the palling of this a£t be fettled upon and veiled in, and the fame are hereby from thenceforth fettled upon and veiled in, the faid chief commiffioners of his Majtlly’s revenue of excife and

.	cuiloms

Digitized by v^ooQle

Arrears of

„	, The nineteenth and twentieth Ytaritf Q^orge HI.

cuiloms^id their fuccefTors for the time being to the ufe of them, the faid chief commilConere of hisMajefty’s revenue . of excile and cuftoms, aud their iucceflbrs for the time being for ever, fuljel to fuch right, title, or equity of redemption .as the faid premifes are rcfptdlively fubjett or liable unto iiiut neverthclcfs upon the trufis and for the intents and purposes herein alter exprefled and declared of and concerning the fame.

III.	And be it further enacted by the authority afprefaid, ^	^

that all arrears of rent, which are now or {hall hereafter be ^Vn-fcnts due out of the faid refpe&ive towns, lands, tenement*, here- veiud. ditaments, .and premifes, and alfo the faid feveral herein be-

Jfore mentioned judgments fo rdpetlivvly entered up at the jfuit of or afligned to the faid late firllefiry Cavendifh, fliail from henceforth be vdlcd in, and the fame are hereby veiled in, the faid c.hief commiflioners of his Majelty’s revenue of excife jand cultoms, and their fuccefTors for the time being ; but jieverthclefs upon the trufts and to and for the feveral intents a/ni purpoies hereiu after cxprclTed and declared of . and concerning, the fame. u

IV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Upon trill ; ,thatYthe, faij$ chief com million ers of his Majelly’s revenue of

cxcife apd cuftoms, and their fuccefTors for the time being, whoje orin /hall ftandr remain, and continue feized and poflefTed of the parcel*, laid feveral eftat^s pf inheritance and freehold and chattle in-terelfs, hcrel^ wiled in them as aforefaid, upon trull that they, the fai<J chief comrqiflioners of his Majefty’s revenue of .excife."and puflomg* pr tjieir fuccefTors for the time being, or any fouj*:oT them*.do and ihall with all convenient fpeed ab-/olut^ly fell and djfpqfe thereof either in the whole or fepa-rately and in parcels, or fuch part or parts thereof as (hall be nepeflary, to raife fuch fum and fums of money as,fhall be fufficient to defray^the pxpences of pafling this adl, and the executipn,of the truft hereby repoftd in them, for the mot money or the bed pric^ or prices that can be reasonably hsd or.got forthe.famc.

V.	And be it further enaded by the authority' aforefiid,

that the faid chief commifiiotiers of his Majeily’s revenue of niortg^es^id excife and cuiloms, and their Iucceflbrs for the time being, judgments.

{hall ftand feized and poflefTed of the faid feveral prrmifea pomprized, .ii^the faid feveral recited mortgages fo afligned .to the faid Ia^e ftp Henry Cavendifh as aforefaid, and alio of	*

and in the faid feveral judgments hereby veiled, and the feveral films, of money fecured refpeClivelv thereby, and all intereft and coft now due or that {hall hereafter gro w due thereon refp^&iveiy, upon truft that they the faid chief com-miflioners and their fucceflprs for the time bang, or any four of them, do and fhall with all convenient fpeed call in,

compel!

"~D ' zed by

Ge 3gl -—

*

6i6

A. D.

1779-80. Chap. 51.

Firft to pay ex pc nee* of this and attention of the trails.

next into exchequer a a debt to his majefty

4*589!. 9>.4£d.

Till fale the rents and in-tereft applied in fame maimer.

Receipt* by 4 indorfed on deeds of file -fufficient dif-charge, &c.

The cixteitb mtd Hpjntiefb Teart	QfeOfgfe III.

compell payment of, and receive the feveral fums of rtoney thereby refpc&ively fecured, or affign or difpofe thereof to fuch perfon or perfons, as (1*11 be willing to advance the fums , due thereon respectively.	(

VI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, that the faid eommiffioners and their fufccefTors for the tiiqe being, or any four of them, (hall and do pay, and apply, and difpofe of the money arifing by the fale of the faid lands and premifes, and from the faid mortgage or judgments, or otherwife by this aCt, in manner following ; that is to fay, in the foil place to pay the eofts, charges, and expences incident to and attending upon the pafiing and obtaining of this a&, and the execution of the trufts hereby in them re-pofed; and in the next place to pay into his Majefty’s exchequer the faid debt or film of forty two thoufand five hundred and eighty nine pound* nine (hillings and four pence farthing, fo remaining due to his Majefty as aforefaid \ and then forthwith the faid chief comifiillionei? and their foccef-fora for the time being (hall Convey and affigpt the refidue and remainder of fuch of the laid eftates, meflUages, to#ns, lands, tenements, hereditaments, and premifles, which fhall remain unfold, for the puipofes aforefatd ; and alfo whatever money may remain after payment of the faid debt fo due to the crown to the faid fir Henry Cavendilh in trtift for and to the only ufe and behoof of fuch perfori and perfons refpe&ivdy, and for fuch eftate and eftatss, and in the fame manner and form, as he, they, or any of then* would, have been entitled to the fame under the will of riie late fir Hemy Cavendifh baronet, in cafe this a& had never been made, and to and for no other ufe, intent, or pur-pofe whatfoever.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-faid, that in the mean time, and until fuch fale or fale* can be had, and the faid principal debts due to the faid late fir Hemy Cavendifh can be levied, that the rents, iflues, and profits of the faid lands and prefpifles, and iatereft and produce of the faid debts, (hall be paid and applied frois time to time in the fame manner, as is herein dire&ed of a*<l concerning the fums to.be raifed by the fale of the faid premises.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, that the receipt or receipts of the faid chief commiffi-oners and their fucctfibrs for the time being, ot* ony four of them, indorfed on any tfced or deeds of fale of the premifes hereby veM in them, or of any part or parcel thereof, (hall be good and fufficient difchargfs in the law for all fuch ftim and fums of money, as lhali be mentioned or expreffed in fuch receipt or receipts refpeflively ; and fuch purchafer 0*. purchasers (hall not be anfwcrable or accountable for the application

The nineteenth and twentieth Years of George III.' pKcation or mifapplication of the money mentioned or to bc mentioned in fuch receipt or receipts, figned by the faid truf-or any four of them; and that a)! and every fuch fale «in<f fales, as (hall be made for the purpofes aforefaid by the ($d trullees, or any four of them, of all or any part of the faid feveral mefTtiages, towns, lands, tenements, heredita-itldbts, and premises refpe&ively, hereby veiled in them as afc|refaid, either by bargain and fale enrolled, or by any «ther conveyance or aflurance in the law, fhall be good, va-lidjj, and effectual in the law to all intents and purpoles what* fo^ver againtl all perfons whatfnever; and that fuch purchafcr add purchasers, his, her, and their heirs, executors, administrators, and afligns rdpedlively fhall hold and enjoy the fapd feveral lands and premifes, fo by him, her, or them pur-• cjiafrd, and every part thereof freed, and abfolutely difeharg-cA of and from all and every the ufes, ellates, provifoes, trulls* reverfions, limitations, charges, and incumbrances ofhatfoever, made, committed, or done, by the faid fir Henry Cavendifh dcceafed, or his heirs, or any perfon or ierforw claiming by, from, or under him, them, or any of therm

f IX. Provided always, and be it further enaAed by the authority aforefaid, that in the mean time and until the faid towns, lands, meffuages, tenements, and hereditaments hereby drteAed to be fold as aforefaid, fhall be fold in purfuance of .‘this a&, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid tnrftees or any four of them with the confent of the faid . fir4 'Henry Cavendifh, his executors or adminiflrators, to * make any demife or leafe, demifes or leafes, of all or any part ©r paru of th« faid fevrral freet^ld and le^fehold pre-inifes with the appurtenances thertto refpedively belonging ft>rfuch ellate, term, or intereft, as the faid premifes fhall Have been ufually demifed or granted; fo as that the rent or rents to be referred on any fuch demife or leafe fhallnot be lefs fhfcii the prefent rent or rents payable for or in refpeA of the faid premifes; and fb as all ana every fine and fines, and fum [ and fums of money, to be had or received on the making of 1 day fuch leafe or leafes, fhall be applied and difpofed of for fhe purpofes of this aft.

* *X.- Provided always, and be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, that it fhall and may be lawful to and fbf the faid tru flees and ther- fucceffors, or any four of them, from time to time, as often as there fhall be occafion, to obtain renewals of the leafes of the faid lands held under the faid archbifhop of Dublin and bifhop of Cloghcr refpe&ive-!y, and pay out of the funds hereby veiled in them the fines, which may become payable on fufh renewals ; and that fuch renewals when obtained fhall be and enure to and for the ft-Vol. VI.	R	r	vend

«

617

A. D.

1779-80. Chap. 51.



Till fale 4 truftcea may demife as ufual, referving not lefs than prefent rents.

Trufieet may obtain renewals of leafes, and pay the fines. *

Digitized Google

«

6i8

A. D. 1779-80. Chap. 51.

Suits in name of fir Henry the fon con*

tinucd

Not to fell pretnifcs in Monaghan before 6th Aug. 1784, unlc&as herein.

Not anfwer-able for e^ch other,

nor for lofs, unlefs wilful default.

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears George III. veral ufes, intents, and purpofes aforefiud, and to and for am other ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoever.

XI.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it further ena&ed by the authority aforeiaid, that this ad, or any thing herein contained, (hall not caufe an abatement, difcondnuance, or fufpen-fion of any fuit or fuits commenced or carried on by or in the name of the hud fir Henry Cavendiih the fon for getting in or recovering of the (aid feveral debts or fuxns of money due or owing to the eftate of the late fir Henry Ca<* vendiih on or by virtue of the (aid feveral herein before re. cited mortgages or fecurities, or any of them ; but that all and every fuch fuit and fuits ihall and may be continued, car* ried on, and profecuted under the dircdion of the (aid tnjf-nees and their fucceflors, or any four of them, either in their own names or in the name of the (aid fir Henry Cavendiih, but fo neverthdefs as that the monies to be recovered in any fuch fuit or fuits (hall be paid, applied, and difpofed of for the purpofes of this ad.

XII.	Provided always, that the fiud truftees (hall not fell or difpofe of the faid premifes fituate and being in the (aid county of Monaghan, or any part thereof, before the fixth day of Auguft m the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty four, unleft with the confent of the (aid fir Henry Cavendiih, his executors or adminiftrators, or unlefs h (hall appear to the (aid truftees for the time being, that the other funds, veiled under or by virtue of this ad, (hall not be fuf-ficient to pay and difeharge the (aid fum of forty two thou* fand five hundred and eighty nine pounds nine (hillings and four pence farthing, and fuch cofts, charges, and expences as afore (aid, sgithout fale^if the (hid premiles in the (aid county of Monaghan.

XIII.	And> be it further enaded by the authority aforeiaid, that the faid chief commiffioners and their fucceflors (hall not, nor (ball any of them, be anfwerable or accountable for any money to be received by virtue of this ad, or under the trufts hereby repofed in diem, any otherwife than each perfon for fuch fum and fume of money as he (hall actually receive; and that no one of them (hall be anfwerable or Accountable for the other or others of them, or for the ads, receipts, negleds, or defaults of the other or others pf them, but each and every of them for his own ads, receipts, negkft*, or defaults refpedively; neither (hall they or any of them be anfwerable or accountable for any misfortune, loft, or damage, which may happen in the execution of any of the aforefaid trufts or in relation thereto, unlefs the fame (hall happen by or through his or their own wilful defaults refpedively 5 and alfo that they the (aid truftees and their fucceflors, or any four of tnem, (hall and may with and out of fuch monies, as (hall come to their refpedivc bands by

virtue

»

Digitized by Google

The nineteenth and twentieth Tears of George 11L	#	619

virtue of the aforefaid trufb, dq§}u& and retain, and reim- A* D, l>urfe hixnfelf and themfelves refpe&ively, all coils, charges, 1779-80, damages, and ezpences, which they, or either, or any of Chapel, them, (hall or may fuffer, fuftain, expend, difburfe, be at, or be put unto, in the execution of any of the aforefaid trulls.

XIV. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, that A public^ this ad fhall be deemed, taken, and allowed in all courts within this kingdom as a publick ad, and all judges are hereby required as fych to take notice thereof \yithout fpeci-ally pleading the fame j faving neverthelefs to the king’s mo ft Excellent Majefty, his heirs and fuccefTors, and to all perfona claiming under a mortgage, made by the faid fir Henry Ca-▼endifh deceafed, of the (aid lands in Sligo to certain per^ fons as truflees for colonel Nathaniel Haywood and his family, and alfo to all perfons claiming under a ceAain other mortgage, made by the faid Sir Henry Cavendifh deceafed, of the laid leafehold intereft in the county of Monaghan, tQ the late George Cockbume efquire, and to all other perfons, bodies politick and corporate, their refpedive heirs, fuccef-fors, executors, and adminiflrators, other than and except the other creditors, and the annuitants and legatees, of the faid Sir Henry Cavendifh deceafed* and all other perfons deriving under the faid late Sir Henry Cavendifh, all fuch right, title, eftate, and intereft, both in law and equity, as they or any of them had, could, might, or ought to have of, in, to, or out of all or any of the laid mefTuages, towns, lands, tenements, hereditaments, and premifes m or by this a& veiled and fettled for the purpofes aforefaid, as fully to all intents and purpofes as if this a 61 had never been made ; any thing herein contained to tht contrary thereof in any wjfc not-, withftanding.

s

The End of the SIXTH VOLUME.

Digitized by Google
