STATUTES

PASSED IN THE

PARLIAMENTS

HELD IN

I R E L A N D.

VOL. X.

CONTAINING

/ »

From the Thirty-fourth Year of Georgs III. A. D. 1794* to the Tbirty-fixth Year of Georgs IIL A. D. 1796, in-elufire.

DUBLIN:

Printed by GEORGE GRIERSON, Printer to the King’s Moft Excellent Majefty* *7J$*

PRINTED AND PUBLISHED IN QREAT BRITAIN

Digitized by GOO^IO

C O N T E N T S-

TENTH VOLUME.

The Thirty-fourth of GEORGE III.

\

CHAP. VI.

An AB for enabling the Lord High Chancellor of Ireland, and the Court of Exchequer refpeBively, to make Orders or: the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, for Pay-ment out of tlx general Fund of Monies belonging to the Suitors of the Courts of Chancery and Exchequer, of the further Sum therein mentioned, towards building the priori-pal Courts of Juflice at Dublin, and Law Offices, and for declaring that all Government Securities purchafed by the Go■» vernors and Diredors of the faid Bank, and Profits ari/ing therefrom, Jhould be placed to the Account of the Governor and Company of the faid Bank.	Page	i

%

T99S04

r\

CONTENTS.

CHAP. VII.

Jn A8 to prevent the Ineonveniencies which may arife, during the Vacancy of the Office of Treafurer of a County . Page 4

CHAP. vin.

jin A8 for preventing the Graving and Careening Ships, Gabbards or Boats, and to prevent Fires from being kept on Board any Ship, Gabbard or Boat, between the Bridge commonly called Bloody Bridge, and the River called Dodder, alias Donnybrook, in the River Anna Liffey, in the City of Dub-ha.	5

CHAP. IX.

An Ad to explain and amend an A3 paffedin the Twenty-ninth Tear of His prefent Majcjly, entitled, An A3 for the better Supplying the Inhabitants of certain Cities and Towns with water.	j

CHAP. XIV.

An A3 for preventing Money or Effefls in the Hands of His Majejlfs SubjeBs belonging to, or difpofcable by Pcrfons refi-dent in France, being appl'ted to the Ufe of the Pcrfons exer-eifing the Powers of Government in France, and for preferring the Property thereof, for the Benefit of the Individual Owners thereof.	IO

CHAP.

Digitized	by	Google

CONTENTS.

CHAP. XV.

Ah AS for direSing the Application of the Sum of Five Thou* fand Five Hundred Pounds, granted by Parliament to the Dublin Society, for the Improvement of Hujbandry, and other ufeful Arts, andfor the more effeSual Recovery of fuch Money as appears due to faid Society, and to the Royal Irijb Academy y and for enabling the Incorporated Society to cteS their Officers and Members of the Committee of Fifteen, on the Firjl Wednefday in February in every Fear. rage

C H A P> XVII.

An AS for a more effeSual Redrefs iri Cafes of fraudulent or damaged Linens f and for enforcing County InfpeSors to an effeSual Execution of their Duty, and othervoife promoting the Linen and Hempen ManufaSitre*.	16

CHAP XVIII.

An Ad for reducing the Time of the Imprijonment of Debtors, committed to Prifon for fnudl Debts, upon Suits in the Court of Confctence, of the City of Dublin .	19

CHAP. XX.

fin AS for fecuring a Capital Stock, belonging to the Members of the Iryh Mufical Fundf applicable to charitable Pur-pofes.	>	21

CHAP;

Digitized by

Google

CONTENTS.

CHAP XXII.

An Aft for afcertaining fix Fees payable by fuch Roman Catholics as qualify.	Page	24

CHAP XXIII.

An Aft for reviving and continuing certain temporary

tntes.

Sta-

ik.

CHAP. XXVI.

An Aft for the Improvement of the Town and Harbour of Wexford\ and for building a Bridge or Bridges over the River Slaneyy at or near faid Town.	27

The Thirty-fifth Year of GEORGE IIL

CHAP. II.

An Aft for the more efeftual Support of the Families of Militia-Men.

CHAP.



ji* '

Digitized by ^ooQle

CONTENTS*

CHAP. VII.

An A3 for the Regulation of Preferments, for the Purfofe of levying Money to be expended in ereQing Court-koufes, Gaou, and other vxpenjtve Buildings.	Page	62

CHAP. VIII.

An A3 to exblain and amend an A3, faffed in the Thirty-third Tear of the Reign of His prefer MajeJly, entitled. An A3 for amending and reducing into one A3 of Parliamenty the Laws relating to the Militia of Ireland.	63

CHAP. XII.

An A3 that A3s of Parliament Jball commence from the Time of the Royal AJfent given.	7	6

CHAP. XVI.

An A3 to repeal an A3 of the Eleventh of George the Second, entitled. An A3 for repairing the High Road, from the Town of Toomivaragh, in the County of Tipperary, to the Towns of Silvermines and Nenagh, and from fdtd Towns by Sbally Orchard, through the Town of Tul/o in the Jaid County, to the City of Limerick, as alfo one other A3 paffed in the Seventeenth Tear df George the Second, to explain, continue, and amend the Jirjt recited A3.	76

CHAP.

CONTENTS.

CHAT. XVII.

An A8 for building a Bridge over the River Shannon at Per-tumnM in the County of Galway•	* Page	78

CHAP. XIX.

An AS for repeating the feveral Regulation which affcS the Trade of s Brewer in this Kingdom.	9$

CHAP. XXL

An AS for the better Education of Perfons proffffing the Popijk, or Roman Catholick Religion.	96

CHAP. XXII.

An AS to explain an Afty entitledy An AS for ejlabb/hing a eompkte School of Phyfic in this kingdom.	99

4.

CHAP. XX III.

An AS to explain and amend an AS pajfed in the Tenth and Eleventh Tears of the Reign of King Charles the F'trjly entitled, An AS for Prefervaiion of the Inheritance, Rights9

and

____igitjzed bsXk)QgIe

• and Profits of Lands belonging to the churchy and Pcrfons Ecclefiaftical.	Page	102

* CHAP. XXIV.

Art A3 for continuing an Aft, paffed in the Thirty-third Year of His Majcfty’s Reigny entitled\ An A8 for eftablifhing Regulations refpeSing Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or refident therein9 in certain Cafesf and SubjcBs of this Kingdom , who have ferved, or are ferving tn Foreign Armies, and for continuing asid amending another A3 paffed in the fame Yearf entitled\ An AS to prevent the importation of Arms9 Gunpowder, and Ammunition into this Kingdom, and the removing and keeping of Gunpowder, Armsy and Ammunition without Licenfey and for amending the faid lafh mentioned A3*	104

CHAP. XXV.

An A3 for ejldblifbing the New Courts of Jufiicey and New Seffion-Houfcy and conflicting the fame, and the Areas thereof refpe8ivelyy to be within the County of the City of Dubliny and County of Dublin•	10$

CHAP. XXVI.

An A3 to prevent thz Exportation of Starchy under certain Conditions.	107

#

CHAP-

Digitized by

CONTENTS.

CHAP. XXVII.

An A3 for the Prefervation of the Pubhck Roads in this King* domy and for the Encouragement of Broad-wheeled Car* riages.	Page	107

CHAP. XXVIII.

An A3 for the better Regulation of the Receipts and IJfues of His MajeJlfs Treafury, and for repealing an A8 of Par* hamenty pajfed in the fenth Tear of Henry the Seventh, entitled, An AS authorising the Treafurer to make all Officers as the Treafurer of England doth.	108

CHAP. XXIX.

An A3 for regulating the EleSton of Members to feme in Par* lament y and for repealing the fevered A8s therein men-tioned.	118

CHAP. XXXII.

/ *

An aS to explain an aS pajfed in the feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majejlyy entitled, An a3 to continue end amend an aS pajfed in ■ the third year of his Mayfly's reigny entitled, An a3 to amend and explain an aft made in the thirty-third year of the reign of Henry the Eighth, entitled. An act for tythesy and for other Parpofes therein mentioned*	149

CHAP.

x

r

Digitized by Google

CONTENTS,

CHAP. XXXIII.

An A3 to continue for one year, federal afts for the encourage* ment of thefjbcrics on the coafs of this kingdom. Page 150

CHAP. XXXIV.

An A3 to explain and render more effeBual an aB of ParTmntent, made and puffed in the thirty-third year of the reign of hie prefent Majejly, entitled, An a3 refpeBmg the collcBion of public money, to be levied off the county of the city of Dublin, by prefentment.	151

CHAP. XXXV.

An A3 for amending the Law for the Regulation of Lottery Officeand for preventing the Jnfurance of Lottery Tickets.	i5S

CHAP. XXXVI,

An A3 for more effedually preferving the Peace •within the City of Dublin, and the DiflriB of the Metropolis) and ejlablijb-*ng a Parochial Watch in the faid City.	158

C H A P.

Digitized by

Google

CONTEHtS.

CHAP. XXXVIII.

J$t AS for further Improving the Pqfl Roads s* this King* dam.	Page	19#

CHAP. XXXIX.

An AS for confirming Grants heretofore made by Patents Unde* the Great Seal of England.	198

CHAP. XLIIL

An AS for improving and repairing the Turnpike Road leading from Dublin to Mulfingar, and for repealing thefeveral Law* heretofore made relating to the faid Road.	199

CHAP. XLIV.

An AS for Payment to'the Company of Undertakers of the Grand Canal, of certain Bounties heretofore granted to them.	233

CHAP. XLV*

An AS that the Acceptance of the Office of a Lord */u/licef or Chief Governor of this Kingdom by the Speaker of the

Houfe

\

Digitized by (^.ooQLe

CONTENTS.

Houfe of Commons, Jhatt not vacate his‘ Scat in Parti** ment.	Page 236

CHAP. XtVI.

An A9 for the better promulgating the Statute Law of thm Kingdom.	/	236

CHAP. XLVIII,

An AS for ereSing a Bridge over the River of RoJs9 at the Town of New Rofs9 in the County of Wexford.	238

\

The Thirty-fixth Year of GEORGE III.

CHAP. IV.

An AS to emend an AS faffed in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Tears of his frefent Majefly’s Reign, for continuing, amend* ing, and making more effcSual an AS pajfed in the Thirteenth Tear of the Reign oj his late Majefty George the Secondt for repairing the Road leading from Timoho, in the Queen’s County, through Ballinak'dl9 Darrow9 Beggars Inn9 and from thence through the City of Cajhcl9 to the Town of Tipperary^ in the County of Tipperary.

CHAP.

Digitized by LjOOQle

CONTENTS,

CHAP, VI.

An Ad for indemnifying fuch Perfons as have aSed Jlnce the Firjl Day of January, One thoufand feven hundred and ninety five, for the Prefervation of the public Peace, and Svpprejfon of the InfurrcSions prevailing in fame Parts of this Kingdom.	Page	263

CHAP. VIT.

An A8 to further explain and. amend an A3, pajfed in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Tears of His prefent Ma-jefly’s Reign, entitled, An A3 for ejlablijhing a PoJl-OJJice within this Kingdom, and to explain and amend an A3 pajfed tn the Twenty-eighth Tear of His prefent Majejly's Reign, entitled, An A3 to explain and amend an A3, pajfed in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Tears of His prefent Ma-jejly's Reign, entitled, An A3 for ejlabljhwg a PoJl-QJfct within this^ Kingdom*	363

CHAP. IX.

An A8 for the further Regulation of Public Infirmaries, or Hofpitals*	a	68

CHAP. XII.

An A8 to amend an A3, pajfed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Tears of King George the Third, entitled, An A8 for the better regulating the Office of County Treafurcrs, and the Duty of Clerks of the Crown in refps3 of Preferments ;

and

CONTENTS.

and to enable the Grand Jury of the County of Wicklow to raife Money by Prefentment, for purchafing of Ground or Houfes adjoining to the Court-Houfc of faid County, for the Purpofe of building Additions to the Jaid Court-Houfc.

Page 270 .

CHAP. XIII.

An AS for repairing the Road, commonly called and known by the Name of the Military Road, beginning at the County and City Court Houfes in the City of Waterford, and leading from thence 10 the Town of Tallow, in the County of Waterford, through the Towns of Kill Me. Thomas, Cappoquin, and Lifmore, and from Tallow aforefaid, to the Bounds of the County of Cork•	272

CHAP. XVIII.

An A3 to empower the Commiffioners of His Majfly's Revenue, with the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant, to erett Light-Houfes around the Coajls of this Kingdom, and to levy a Tonnage-Duty on all Shipping.	292

CHAP. XX.

An AS more effeSually to fupprefs InfurreStons, and prevent the Diflurbancc of the publick Peace•	293

CHAP.

J

/

Digitized by Google

CONTENTS.

CHAP. XXIL '

Art AS for rendering more tfeSual the feveral Lam heretofore made, for the Government and Regulation of the Bar-racks, and other Public Works in this Kingdom. Page 305

CHAP. XXIII.

An AS to amend certain Rules, Orders and Directions, made . by the Lord Lieutenant ansi Council of Ireland, for the better regulating of all Cities% Walled Towns, and Corporations within this Kingdom of Ireland; and the eleSing of Mag'tf trates therein, fo far as to change the Day of EleSion of Magijlratesy from Chrijlmat-day to another more proper day.	309

CHAP. XXV.

An AS for the better and more convenient ddminijlration vf JujUcc, and for the Recovery of fmall Debts in a fummary Way, at the Se/fions of the Peace of the feveral Counties at large within this Kingdom, except the County of Dublin, and for continuing and amending an AS, entitled, An AS fet the better Execution of the Law and Prefervation of the Peace within Counties at large.	31 z

CHAP. XXVI.

An AS for encrcalng the Salaries of the Chief JuJlices, and ether Judges of his Majejly's Courts of Ktngys Bench, and 3	Common

CONTENTS.

Common Pleas* and of the Chief Baron, and other Barong of the Court of Exchequer in this Kingdom. Page 34 ft

C H A P. XXVII.

An Aa to make conftiring to murder* Felony* without Benefit of Clergy.	3	5°

C M A P. XXIX.

j4n A3 to render Perfons confided of Betty Larceny* eontfetent Wstmjfes.	351

CHAP. XXX

An AB to explain and amend an AB* paffed in the Thirty fifth Teat of the Rein1 of his prefent Majejly, entitled, An Aa for more effeBuofly preserving the Peace within the City of Dublin* and the DiftriB of the Metropolis* and efiahtijhing . /I Paroc 'al Watch.in the fmd City* and for remedying toe Ahufes committed by Pawn-Brokers within the DiftriB of the .Metropolis*, or three Miles thereof	ditto.

CHAP. XXXI.

An AB for difcontmmng the Judgment which has been required

hufr# JTomn

ytrimtt, and fu^ftUutug <uwtbtr Judfm* in (htnff-

' 3«4

V	CHAP,

Digitized by

Google



CONTENTS.

CHAP. XXXII.

An A8 to amend an AS, faffed in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Teats of His Majejlfs Reign, entitled, An A8 to prevent and funtfh tumultuous Rtfmgs of Perfons within this Kmg-dam, and for other Purfofe* therein mentioned.	Page 366

CHAP. XXXIII.

An A8 to further explain and amend an AS faffed in the Thir-ty-third Tear of His MajeJly'j Reign, entitled. An A8 for amending and reducing into one A8 of Par lament, the Laws relating to the Militia of Ireland : and alfo an AS faffed the Thirty-fifth Tear of his Majfly's Reign, entitled. Aft AS to explain and amend an AS faffed in the Thirty-third Teqr of His Majejly's Reign, entitled. An AS for amending and reducing into one AS of Parliament, the Laws re-lating to the Militia of Ireland\	Page	367

CHAP. XXXIV.

An AS to make perpetual the Laws for preventing Frauds committed by Bankrupts ; alfo an AS for providing a Maintenance for Parifh Clerks; and for continuing certain other Temporary Statutes.	370

CHAP. XXXVI.

An AS for the mare eJfeSually keeping the Publick Roads in Repair by ContraS.	57	3

CHAP.

X

Digitized by

Google

c O » T IT N t S;

CHAP. XXXVII.

Afi AS to explain and amend an AS pajfed in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Tears of H'u prcfent MajeJly's Reign, entitled, An Act for the better Regulation of the Silk Ma-. nufaeture.	Page	375

CHAP. XXXVIII.

An Act tp prevent Vexatious Replevins, of Dijlreffes taken for Rent.	376

CHAP. XXX rx.

An Act to limit the Jurifdiction of Sheriff} in tlcir Covntj Court;, and pf other inferior Courtst	\	7

CHAP. XLL

Aft AS to enable Guardians of Minors to drmife or fell Ground: the Properly of fuch Minors, for the Rurpofe of having Court-Houfes or Gaols built thereon«	»	^rb

CHAP. XUI.

An AS to prevent iky Importation of Arms, Gt:n-Poidcry and Ammunition into this Kingdom, and the making, removing, felling, and keeping of Gun-Powder, Arms, and Ammunition without Lieenje,

b ?	C	II	A	Pi

ULl' -



Digitized by Google

CdNfBJTTSi

C Ef A P. XLIIt

jBf A&tifendSle the Lord Lieutenant, of Chief Governor of GW v/rnors fof the Time being, dud Council, when the Price of Born or Grain is above the Rates of Exportation, to prohibit the Export of Bread and Bifcust, and to indemnify thofe who have prevented the Export of the fame,	390

CHAP. XLIV.

An AS for preventing the Inundations of the Poddle River in Dublnu, and for preferving the Cathedral Church of Saint Patrick, and the Houfes of the adjoining Inhabitants from the Damages arifing therefrom.	391

CHAP. XLV.

An AS for the better Regulation of the Wooden and Cotton Manufactures.	406

CHAP. XLVn.

An AS to amend certain Parts of the Law, receding the Linen and Hempen ManufaSures.	41X

t li A P. XLVHf.

An AS to explain and amend an AS, entitled, An A A for na~ turalizng fuch Foreign Merchants, Traders, Artificers, Ar-

'	tizans,

Digitized by

CONTENTS.

ttzans9 ManufaBurert% Workmen y Svmen> Farmers and otbcr*9 whoJhallfettle in this Kingdom.	Page	4l*

C H A P. 1»

jin A3 for rendering more effeSuol the Low for preventing Encroachmentt, and the committing of Wqfle on Commons in this Kingdom.	4X4

CHAP. LI.

An AB to explain and amendfiver A A3s heretofore faffed fit the lighting, cleaning, and hatching of Cities, Towntf Corporate, and market Towns.	41$

CHAP. L1I.

An AB fir dontinning and emending the fivefal A9t fir the further Improvement and Extenfion of the Ffhetiety on the Cocfis of this Kingdom.	4

CHAP. £nt

An AB to enable His Mejefiy to grant a certain jinmuty to Frederick Cbriftian Rynhart De GinkeU* Earl of Athlone; in Confiieration of his Lojfes from the Confifcation of his Property on the Continent, afid of the high Rank he holds in this Kingdom, and of the Services of his Ancejlor.	420

CHAP,

Digitized by

CO N T E N T S.

CHAP. LIV.

An AS to afcertatn the Powers of the Commiflioners for making wide and convenient Streets in the City of Dublin, for opening the Pajfage from Sac kville-frest, to Carlifledtridge» andfor laying out new Streets to the Eafiward thereof and to ratify certain Grants heretofore made by the faid Commif-ffoners.	Page 4I t

CHAP. LV.

An AS for the Amendment of Publish Roads, for direSing the Power of Grand Juries refpeSing Prefentments, and for re? Pealing feveral Daws heretofore made for thoff Purpofes. 423

CHAP- LVL

An AS for eJlabTtfling an eafy and expeditious Method for the Payment in this Kingdom, of Halfpay, to certain Naval Officers, and of Pcnfions to the IVidows of fueh Officers, and Bounties to the Relations of Naval Officers, Seamen, and Marines, fain in Fight with the Enemy; and to enable Petty Officers in the Navy, Boatfwains, Gunnersf Carpenters% and Seamen, *Landmen, Non-commifioned Officers of Mfsrtnesy and Marines ferving in kis MajefyJs Navy, to allot Part of their Wages or Pay, for the Maintenance of their Wives and Famines, refident in this Kingdom.	46	\

CHAP- LVIX.

An AS for* the further improving and carrying on of Inland Navigations, not being in the Whole> or in any Part private

Property^

A

Digitized by L.ooQle

CONTENTS.

Property, and for regulating the Mode of holding Bridget an	Highways,where the fame are interfeBed by any Canal

- Page 47*

CHAP. LVIIL

An AB for the Encouragement and	of	Friendly	Societies.	jg2

CHAP. LIX.

An AB for improving and repairing the Road leading from Dublin to Navan, and for repeating the feveral	heretofore made relating to the fata Road.	493

A CO

A

/

collection

OF

STATUTES, &c.

The Thirty-fourth of GEORGE IIL CHAP. VL •

An A8 for enabling the Lord High Chancellor of Ireland, and the Court of Exchequer refpedively, to make Orders on the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, for Payment out of the general Fund of Monies belonging to the Suitors of the Courts of Chancery and Exchequer, of the further Sum therein mentioned, towards building the principal Courts of JuJlice at Dublin, and Law Offices, and for declaring that all Government Securities purchafed by>the Go~ vernors and Dire8ors of the faid Bank, and Profits ariftng therefrom, Jbould be placed to the Auoujit of the Governor • and Company of the faid Bank.

WHEREAS by an aft pafled in the thirtieth year of ^

his Majefty^B reign, entitled, An ad for enabling 1704* # the lord high chancellor, and the court of exchequer rejbedively, to make orders on the governor and company of the bank of Ire-	Recital 36

land, for payment out of the general fund of monies belonging Geo. 5. c. $i. to the fuitors of the courts of chancery and exchequer, the fum therein mentioned, towards building the principal courts of juflice at Dublin, and law offices, and for amending an ad, entitled.

An ad for better fecuring the monies and effieds of the fuitors of Voi*. X,	A	tie

Digitized by

Google

3©,oool. to be paid to lord chancellor, dec. for building courts, dec.

X3»5®ol‘

may be paid for l&icl purpofc, upon order of lord chancellor, dec.

r When fund it reduced, the bank (hall he reimUurfcd out •f praiury.

The thirty-fourth Tear of George III.

the court of chancery and court of exchequer, by depojiting the fame in the National Bank, and to prevent the forging and counterfeiting any draft, order, or other voucher, for the payment or delivery of fuck money or effeBs, and for other purpofes, it is ena&ed, Tiiat out of the general fund of the monies of the fuitors of his Majefty’s high court of chancery, and court of exchequer, which then were, or fhould be depo-fited in the bank of Ireland, the governor and company of the bank of Ireland fhould, within the fpace of three years, from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, pay to the lord high chancellor, 3nd chief judges, towards building convenient courts for the ad-mintftration of juftice, in his Majefty’s four courts of juflice at Dublin, and offices for the keeping and preferving of the records thereof, and for the traiua&ion of the bufinefs of fuch offices, the fum of thirty thoufand pounds, in manner therein mentioned: And whereas it may require a further fum of thirteen thoufand five hundred pounds, to complete the building of fuch courts and offices; be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s mofl excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That out of the faid general fiind of the monies of the fuitors of the faid high court of chancery, or court of exchequer, which now are, or (hall be depofitedin the bank of Ireland, the governor and company of the bank of Ireland fhall, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, from time to time, as may be required, pay to the lord high chancellor, and chief judges aforefaid, towards building the faid courts and offices, any further fum or fuma of money, not exceeding the fum of thirteen thoufand five hundred pounds, upon any order or orders which the lord high chancellor, or the lord keeper, or lords commiilioners for the cuftody of the great feal of Ireland for the time being, and the lord chief baron of the court of exchequer for the time being, fhall refpe&ively make for that purpofe in each year refpeftively.

II.	And be it further ena&ed. That if it fhall happen that the general fund belonging to the fuitors of the laid courts, fhall at any time be reduced to a fum not greater than the amount of the fums in the faid recited a& mentioned, and required to be paid by the governor and company of the faid bank, and the fum of thirteen thoufand five hundred pounds, which by this aft may be paid out of fuch general fund, after the fame (hall be paid, that then the governor and company of tlje faid bank (hall, from time to time be reimburfed from, and out of bis Majefty’g treafury, fo npuch

of

6

Digitized by

Google

she Shirty fourth Tear of George III.

of the feveral ^ims in the faid a ft mentioned, and of the faid fum of thirteen thoufapd five hundred pounds, or fo much thereof as (hall have been paid by virtue of this aft, as (hall appear to the commiflioncrs of his Majefty’s treafury for the time being, or to the lord high treafurer for the time being, to be neceffary to provide a fund fufficient to anfwer the demands of the fuitors of the faid courts upon the faid Jbank.

III.	And Whereas tjie governors and direftors of the corporation of the faid bank of Ireland, have at feveral times heretofore, advanced and paid at the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer in this kingdom, feveral fums of money for the purchafe of loan debentures and treafury bills, iffiied in pur-iuance* of feveral afts of parliament, luch debentures and treafury bills bearing different rates of intereft, but not any at a rate exceeding five pounds per centum per annum : And whereas the faid governors and direftors have fold and dif-pofedt of feveral of the faid debentures and treafury bills, and from fuch advances and payments, and fales and difpo-fals, it may happen that upon the whole of the faid tranf-aftions a 'profit may arife exceeding an intereft at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, on the fums paid by the faid governors and direftors, for the faid debentures and treafury bills : And whereas doubts have arifgn whether fuck profit can be legally applied to the credit of the governor and company of the faid bank, for the benefit of the proprietors of the capital (lock therein ; in order therefore to obviate fuch doubts, be it declared and enafted, that all fuch loan debentures and treafury bills fo taken and purchafed by the faid governors and direftors of the faid bank as aforefaid, and profits and advantages whatfoever which have arifen, or may or (hall arife on the fale and difpofal pf fuch loan debentures and treafury bills, may and (Jiall be carried and applied to the account and credit of the governor and company of the faid bank, for the benefit of the proprietors of the capital ftock therein, any law, ufage, or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained, (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend to authorize the governor and company of the faid bank, to take, have, or re^ ceive intereft for any money advanced and lent, or to be advanced and lent by him, exceeding the rate of five pounds jper centum per annum, according to the true intent and meaning of an aft of Parliament paffed in the twenty-firft and twenty-fecond years of his Majefty’s reign, entitled, An a3 for eftabttfhtng a bank by the name of the governors and company gf the bank of Ireland.

All advantages anting from fuch loans (hall he applied to credit of bank.

Bank not authorized to take more than $ per cent, for money advanced.



A 9

CHAR

Digitized by v^ooQie

4

The thirty-fourth Tear of George IXL

A. p

*794-

---	CHAP.	VIL

An Ad tQ prevent the Inconveniencies which may arife9 during the Vacancy of the Office of Treafurer of a County•

Preamble. “TXT HE RE AS inconveniencies may arife from vacancies YV in the office of treafurer of counties, for remedy thereof, belt enabled by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament afiembled, when the office and by the authority of the fame, That in cafe in any coun-f* C°Uflrn b**" ty in this kingdom, the office of treafurer thereof ffiall be vacant a&cC G. vacai,t> f° as the fame cannot be filled up purfuantto jury may make law, feven days at lead before the next enfuing affizes ; and prefentments on if at the fame time there (hall be no fecretary of the grand affidavits as jury, or if the fecretary thereof (hall be rendered incapa-herem.	ble, from unavoidable circumftances, of receiving the affi-

davits for prefentments, fix days before the firfl day of faid affizes, and making a fchedule thereof, purfuant to an a& of the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of his prefent Ma-jelly, it fhalland may be lawful for the grand jury of every fuch county, at fuch affizes, to make prefentments on fuch affidavits as (hall be depofited with fuch perfon as the high ffieriff of fuch county ffiall appoint, under his hand and fc3l for the purpofe, any time previous to the fecond day of the affizes ; and for the judge of affize to fiat the fame, in like manner as if fuch affidavits had been received by the fecretary of the grand jury, fix days previous to the firft, or fitting day of the affizes, and a fchedule made thereof, any thing in any a& to the contrary notwithftanding ; and fuch perfon fo appointed, ffiall be entitled to receive fuch *	compenfatioa,	for	his	trouble in making a fchedule of faid

prefentments, as the fecretary of the grand jury would have received.

The thirty-fourth Tear of George III.

A. D. *794-

f

CHAP. VIIJ..

An Aft for preventing the Graving and Careening Ships, Gabbards or Boats, and to prevent Fires from being kept on Board any Ship, Gabbard or Boaty between the Bridge commonly called Bloody Bridge, and the River called Dodder, alias Donnybrooky in the River Anna Liffeyy in the City of Dublin.

\

WHEREAS Ships and Gabbards do come up, and lie in the River Anna Liffey, clofe to the Quays of the city of Dublin, which are for the mod part built and inlia. bited : and whereas at low water, the faiiors on hoard fuch fhips do frequently make great fires of furze, and other com-buflible materials, clofe to the faid quays, and near other fhips, lying in the faid river to grave and careen their fhips, to the great danger not only of the fhips in the river, and the goods and merchandizes on board them, but alfo of the dwellings and houfes of the inhabitants of the faid city, lying near the faid quays; for remedy whereof, be it ena6fcd by the King’s molt excellent M&jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament afTembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this a£t, no fhip carpenter, mailer, or failor belonging to any fhip or fhips, or any other perfon or perfons whatfoever, fhall grave or careen any fhip, gabbard or boat, fo as any fire be lighted about them, or any of them to glaze their, or any of their bottoms, or make any fire to boil or melt pitch, tar, rofin, tallow, or other combuflible materials for drefling any fhip, gabbard or boat, or for heating or burning any plank, at any place in the faid river, between the bridge commonly called Bloody Bridge, and the river called Dodder, alias Donnybrook, fave and except at fuch place or places as fhall be from time to time appointed in the faid river, for the graving and careening of fhips, boats and veffels, by the corporation for preferring and improving the port and harbour of Dublin, who are hereby empowered to appoint fuch places, by advertisement in the Dublin Gazette, and to withdraw fuch appointment by advertifement as afore-faid, when it may be found neceffaiy by them; and in cafe *ny perfon or perfons fhall offend againft the provifions of this a£, it fhall and I may be lawful for any perfon with a conftable, to feize and apprehend fuch' perfon or perfons, and to carry him or them before the lord mayor,

i	or

No fire to be lighted for graving or careening fhips. Sec. except as herein.

Digitized by v^ooQle

6

Making fire •n board any fhip, unlefs 20 yards from quay, penalty 140s.

The thirty-fourth Tear of George 111.

or fome other juftice of the peace for the faid city ; and in cafe it (hall appear befor*,the faid lord mayor, orjuf-tice ofrthe peace, by the confefiion of the party, or by the oath of one or more witnefs or witnefles, which oath the faid lord mayor or juftice of the peace is hereby empowered to admin ifter, that the faid perfon or perfons has,' or have committed fuch offence, that then fuch perfon or perfons upon convi&ion, fhall for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of five pounds flerling, one moiety to the ufe of the informer, the other moiety to the ufe of the poor of the parifh in which fuch offence fhall be committed ; and in cafe fuch perfon or perfons fhall refufe to pay the faid fum of five pounds, that then and in fuch cafe, fuch perfon or perfons foconvi&ed, fhall by the faid lord mayor or juftice of the peace, Ife committed to gaol, there to remain until the faid fum of five pounds fhall be fatisfied and paid ; bu£ in cafe of inability to pay the fame, the faid lord mayor or juftice may commit fuch offender or offenders to the houfe of corrc&ion, there to be kept at hard labour, for any time not exceeding feven days.

II.	And be it ena&ed, that no maffer, or any other perfon on board any fhip, gabbard or boat, lying in the laid river, between the faid bridge called Bloody Bridge, and the faid river Dodder, alias Donnybrook, fhall make or keep any fire on board fuch fhi^ or gabbard for boiling their pots or kettles, or for any other ufe whatfo-ever, except candle light, unlefs fuch fhip or gabbard lie at leaft twenty yards diftance from the quays where houfes are built, or fhall hereafter be built, or from any other fhip or gabbard ; and in cafe any perfon fhall offend herein, the mailer of fuch fhip or gabbard fhall forfeit the fum of forty (hillings, to be recovered in manner as is before directed, and to be applied to the fame or ufes.

CHAP

The thirty-fourth Tear of George III.

7

CHAP. IX.

jin A8 to explain and amend an A8 pajjed in the Twenty-ninth Tear of His prefen} Majefy, entitled, An A8 for the better fuhplying the Inhabitants of certain Cities and Towns with Water.

WHEREAS the powers vetted in certain commifli-oners by an a& paffed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, entitled, An A8 for the better Japplying the inhabitants of certain cities and towns with water, nave not been found fufficient to produce a fupply of water in cities and towns corporate : be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons i^ this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, that it (hall be lawful for the commiflioners in (aid Commiffi-a£t named, or any three of them, the dean, fub-dean, or oners may enter chief magiftrate of any city or town corporate, being on?7 agreements to enter into agreement with the occupiers of any houfe in ^ any city or town-corporate to which pipe-water (hall be	^

brought, by virtue of this ad, for the laying of a pipe for fupply ing fuch houfe with water ; and when any fuch occupier (hall have fi'gned an agreement with faid c9mmiflioncrs, which agreement (hall be entered and (igned in a book to be kept for that purpofe, the Came (hall be evidence of fuch agreement agamft the occupiers of that houfe and tenement forever.

II,	And be it ena&ed, that if any occupier #f any fuch ^ cupfertof houfe (hall negled or refufe to pay the annual rents fo hoafes do not agreed upon for twenty-one days after perfonal demand, or pay in 21 days in writing left at the place of abode or occupation of the a£5r demand, perfons 10 direded to pay, it (hall be lawful for the faid commiflioners, or their officer or receiver, by warrant under hand and feal of the chief magiftrate, which warrant the chief magiftrate i€ hereby authorized and required to grant, to enter into the houfe of the perfon fo chaigeable, and to diftrain their goods and chattels ; and if faid annual rent,be not paid within twenty-one days after fuch diftrefi, together with cods afeertained by any two or more juftices of the peace for the county in which faid town (hall be fituate, then to fell fo much and fuch part as will be fufficient to pay faid rent, with all cofts and charges attending fuch diftrefs a;*d fale, returning the overplus, if any, to the owners.

The thirty-fourth Tear of George III.

A. D. III. And be it enafted, that the faid commiffioners or 1794/ any three of them, the dean, fub-dean, or chief magiftrate, Chap. g. being one, may borrow at intereft, upon credit of faid rate# ——and rents, fiich films as they find neceffary for the purpofe* Commiflicmrs of this aft, and may demife or mortgage the faid rents, or C an^ Part> co^8 fuch	to	be paid out of fuch

manno^iolkiw. rents> « a fecurity to any perfon who fhan advance fuch ing:	fums, by a writing under the common feal of the faid town*

. ' to the tffeft following:

form of mort- By virtue of an aB made m the thirty-fourth year of his £aEc'	Majefy	King	GeoVge	the thirds for explaining and amending am

eB pajfed in the twenty-ninth year of his faid Majejly, entitled. An Aid for the better fupplying the inhabitants of certain cities and towns with water, We whofe names are hereunto fubferib-ed, being three of the comm?ft oners for the city of

by faid aB empowered, in confideration of the fm of	to the treafurer of the faid comm'tffi-

otstrs iu hand paid, do grant, bargain, fell, and demife unto his executors, adminijlrators and affigns, fuch proportion of the whole rents arifing by virtue of the faid f 4k as the faid fum of	doth or Jball bear

to the whole fum of money advancedy or to be advanced on the credit thereofy to be had and hrdden from this day of	in	the	year	of	our	Lord, one thou-

find feven hundred and	for	and during the

continuance of the faid aB, unlefs the faid fum of

with interejl at the rate of per centum per annum, JhaU he fooner

paid and fatisfed.

Copie» of mort- And copies of all fuch mortgages or fecurities (hall be en» r/rorfu ttred in boolSs or other records of faid commi(Turners.

Moit ^ <-%	IV. And be it enafted, that all perfons to whom fuch

mayhetranf-	mortgage or fecurity made, and all to whom the fame (hall

fared, &c. come by fuch endorfement as herein after mentioned, may from time to time transfer their right, title, intereft or benefit to faid mortgages or fecurities, and the principal and intereft thereby fecured to any other by endorfing on fuch fecurities the following words:

Form of nans- J do 'transfer this mortgage or fecurity, with aU my right **r*	and	title	to the principal hereby fecured, and to all interejl now

, due upon the fame, unto	bis executors, ad-

minifyators and a/figns.	Dated	this

day of	Rf	A.

And

>

Digitized by

Google

The thirty-fourth Tear of George III.	,	g

And that fuch transfer and aflignments (hall entitle fuch A. D. affignees, executors, adminiftrators and affigns, to the bene- 1794. fit thereof, and payment,thereon, and fuch affignees may in Chap. 9. like manner aflign or transfer again, and fo toties quoties ; and it fhall not be in the power of fuch perfon who made foch transfer fuch affignment, to make void or difeharge the original fe- cntltlc *f-curlty or monies due.	Uc'to

V.	And be it ena&ed, that all perfons to tvhom fuch M mortgage, fecurity or aflignment be made, fhall be in pro- (halfbe^re-portion to the fums mentioned, creditors on fuch rents, on ditors 00 rents, credit whereof fuch fums are advanced in equal degree in proportion.' one with another, and have preference in refpedf of the prior advancement of fuch money, or prior date of fuch mortgage

or fecurity, and that no dweUing-houfe fhall be fupplied with water, Unlefs the poffeflbr thereof fhall provide a proper cittern of lead, brick or wood, to hold a fufficiency, and a ball and (top-cock placed thereon, to prevent watte when faid citterns are fully ierved and filled, under penalty of ten pounds, to be recovered before any juftice of the peace for the county, where fuch town fhall be fituate, upon the oath of one or more witneffes, and upon conviction levied on the goods and chattels of fuch occupier, by warrant of fuchjuftice who is hereby required to grant the fame.

VI.	And be it enaCted* that it fhall be lawful for the Commifli-faid commiffioners to accept of any bequett or donation, for oners may ac-the purpofe of fupplying fuch towns with water, and they donations, are hereby empowered to have a common feal.

VII.	And be it ena&ed, that every occupier of any houfo or tenement within fuch cities or towns corporate, fhall twice in every week on fuch days as fhall be appointed under the hands and feals of fuch commi(boners, (which notice fhall be potted on the market-houfe of each fuch city or town corporate,) before ten o’clock in the morning, fweep, ferape and cleanfe, or caufe to be fwept, feraped or infpeCtor, cleanfed the foot-way all along their refpe&ive houfes or tenements, or in default, fhall for every offence forfeit and pay one (hilling to the infpeClor appointed under the hands and feals of any three of the faid commifiionersj the dean, fub-dcan, or chief magiftrate being one ; and in cafe any perfon fh&ll ncgledt or refufe to pay fuch penalty, on complaint being made by fuch infpedor to any magi Urate of fuch county, wherein fuch city or town corporate fhall be fituate, and proof of the offence being made before fuch magiftrate, by the oath of fuch infpeftor, or of one credible witnefs, it fhall be lawful for fucji magiftrate, and he is hereby required to iflue his warrant to levy the faid penalty by dittrefaand fak of the goods of the offender, faid penalty to be applied towards the difeharge of the falary of fuch

■	.	infpeftor.

Sec.

Occupiers of houfes in cities. See. (hall caufe footways to be cleanfed twice a week as herein, or pay is. to

A. D.	infpe&or, and that it (hall and may be lawful for f^id ln-

1794*	fpe&or to enter in the day time into the houfe of any perfoa

'*-*-"Y^** in whofe houfe a pipe is laid by faid commiflioners, to fee whether it is provided with a proper cittern and ftop-cock as directed by this a&, and if the occupier of fuch houfe (hall obftru& the infpe&or in making fuch entry, he fhall forfeit for fuch offence twenty (hillings, to be recovered on conviction before a magiftrate on the oath of fuch infpe&or, or one credible witnefs, and fuch magiftrate is hereby authorized and required to ifluc his warrant to levy the faid penalty by diftrefs and fale of the goods of the offender.

CHAP. XIV.

An AQ for preventing Money or EjfeSs in the Hands of His Mayfly*s Subjeffs belonging to, or difpofeable by Perfons rft~ dent in France, being applied to the life of "the Perfons exer-cifing the Powers of Government in France, and for preferring the Property thereof for the Benefit of the Individual Owners thereof

WHEREAS the perfons exercifing the powers of government in France, have iffued an order conr-pelling ail merchants, bankers, and other perfons who are poffefled of any money, funded property or effedU in the different parts of Europe, to declare all fuch money, funded property, and effe&s, in order that the fame by violence may be taken and applied for the purpofe of maintaining and carrying on the unjuft war, in which the perfons fo exercifing the powers of government in France are engaged againft the . greater part of Europe : and whereas the direct and violent leizure under the faid order of the property of perfons fe-cured to them by the laws of the country in which it is placed, is in itfelt deftru&ive of all commercial credit, and is accompanied by a declaration that no debts due to the fub-je&s of any of the belligerent powers (hall be paid j in order therefore to prevent the“effe& intended to be produced by thefe unjuft and violent meafures, and to pTote& the property of individuals as far as circumftances will admit; may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be ena&ed and declared,

*' and be it ena&ed and declared by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parlia-Perfonsfap- ment affembled, and by the authority of the fame, that if plying money to any perfon refiding or being in Ireland, (hall after the twen-the government ty-fourth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and of France,	nincty-

Digitized by <^.ooQle

II

The thirty •fourth Tear of George III.

ninety-four, and during the faid war, knowingly and wilful- A. D.

Iv pay, fend, fupply, or deliver, or caufe to be paid, fent, 1794. (upplied or delivered, either in Ireland or in any other coun- Chap. 14. try, any money to or for the ufc of the perfons excrcifing,	’

or who (hall exercife the powers of government in France, or to any wh» or to or for the ufe of any perfons or perfon who on the fhall be dur-firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-	Ift

four, were or was, or at any time fince have or has been, pr Francc deemc4 at any time during the faid war (hall be refiding, or being traitors, and within any of the dominions of France, or any country, (Hall fuffer territory or place, which was on the faid firft day of Janua- death, &c. _ ry, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, or during the (aid war (hall be under the government of the perfoni exercifing, or who (hall hereafter exercife the powers of government in France, either by payment or remittance of any bill of exchange, note,- draft, or order for money, or in any other manner whatfoever, every perfon fo offending being thereof lawfully convided or attainted, (hall be deemed, declared, and adjudged to be a traitor, and (hall fuffer the pains of death, and alfo lofe and forfeit as in cafes of high treafon.

II.	And be it further declared and ena&ed, that if any Perfoas friwi-

perfon refiding or being in Ireland, (hall after the faid twen- “y ty-fourth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and mw* of°Fni^ce ninety-four, and during the faid war, knowingly and wilful- &c. lhall fufl'er * ly fend, fupply, or deliver, or caufe or procure to be fent, pains andpe-lupplied, or delivered, either in Ireland or any other country naitict provided or place whatfoever,' any goods, wares, merchandise, or cf- ^ **	**

fe£U wbatfoever, to or for the ufe of the perfons exercifing,

or who (hall hereafter exercife the powers of government m France, or to or for the ufc of any perfons or perfon who on the faid firft day of January, one thoufand (even hundred and ninety-four, were, or was, or at any time fince have or has been, or at any time during the faid war, (hall be redding, or being within any of the dominions of France, or in any other country, territory, or place, which was on the faid firft day of January, one thoufaqd feven hundred and ninety-four, under the government of the perfons exercifing, or who (hall hereafter exercife the powers of government in France, every perfon fo offending being thereof legally convi&ed, (hall incur and fuffer the pains and penalties ordered and provided by the ftatute of provifion and premu-nire, made in the fixteenth year of the reign of King Richard the fecond.

III.	And whereas notwithftanding the prohibition herein contained, a falfe'credit may be given to bills of exchange, promiffory notes, drafts, or orders for money, by accepting or eadorfing the feme, or undertaking to become anfwcrable

for

Digitized by

Google

I

A. D.

1794-Chap. 14.

Perfons who accept or become anfwera-ble for bills, notes, See. for life of French

government (hall forfeit double the value

Perfoni who pay bills, Ac. drawn or negotiated in dominion^ of France, (hall forfeit double the value, fee.

The thirty-fourth Tear of George III.

Tor the payment thereof; be it ena&ed, that if any perfon refiding or being in Ireland, (hall after the twenty-fourth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, and during the (aid war, knowingly and willingly in any manner accept or endorfe, or undertake to be anfwerable for the payment in the whole, or in any part of any bill of exchange, promifTory note, draft, obligation, or order for payment of money, drawn, endorfed, or negotiated, by or on account, or*for the ufe of, or on the credit of the efte&s of the per-fons exercifing, or who (hall hereafter exercifc the powers of government in France, or any perfon or pci Ions who on the tirft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and nine-ty-foui, were, or was, or at any time fince have, or has been, or at any time during the faid war, (hall be refiding, or being in any of the dominions of France, or in any country, territory, or place, which was on the faid firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, or during the faid war, (hall be under the government of the performs exercifing, or who (hall hereafter exercifc the powers of government in France, every perfon fo offending (hall forfeit and lofc double the value of fuch bill of exchange, promiffory note, draft, obligation, or order.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, that if any perfon refiding or being in Ireland, (hall after the faid twenty-fourth day of March, one thoufand feVen hundred and ninety-four, knowingly and wilfully in any manner, pay or fatisfy any bill of exchange, note, draft, obligation, or order for money in past, or in the whole, which fince the faid fir ft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, has been, or at any time during the faid war, (hall be drawn or accepted* or endorfed, or in any manner negotiated in any part of the dominions of France, or in any country, territory, or place, which was on the faid firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, or at any time during the faid war, (hall be under the government of the per-fons exercifing, or who (hall hereafter exercife the powers of government in France, or drawn, accepted, or endorfed, or in any manner negotiated by, or for the ufe of, or upon the credit of the effe&s of the perfons exercifing the powers of government in France, or of any perfon or perfons who on the faid firft day of January j one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, were, or was, or at anytime during the faid war, (hall be refiding, or being in any of the dominions bf France, or in any fuch country, territory, or place as aforefaid, every perfon fo offending (hall forfeit and lofe double the value of fuch bill of exchange, note, draft, obligation, or older rcfpc&ively, to be recovered and applied as herein after directed, and the payment of fuch bill of exchange.

Perfons who

Tlx tiirty-fovrtb Tear of George IIL

change, note, draft, obligation, or order refpe&ively, /hall not be effe&ual againft any perfons or perfon whatfoever, who might otherwife have demanded the fame, or the money thereby made payable, but the demands of all perfons whatfoever, in re?pe& of the money exprefled therein, and every part thereof, /hall remain and be in full force, notwithftana-tng fuch payment, and notwithftanding fuch bill, note, draft, obligation, or order, /hall have been paid, delivered up, or cancelled, or any difeharge fhall be given thereon.

V.	And be it further enadfed, that if any perfon refiding ............

or being in Ireland, who had on the faid firft day of January, fhall have mo-one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, or had or fhall ney, &c. behave at any time after the faid firft day of January, one longing to the thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, and during the faid	to°

war, anynoney, bills of exchange, promiflory notes, drafts, perfons in do-obligations, or orders for money, fecurities for money, goods, minions thereof, wares, merchandizes, or effedts whatfoever, of or belonging fl»all forfeit dou-to the perfons exercifing, or who fhall hereafter exercife the ai^clii^for powers of government in France, or to any perfons or per- fuch remain in fon who on the faid firft day of January, one thoufand feven full force, &e. hundred and ninety-four, were, or was, or any time fince have or has been, or at any time during the faid war, fhall be refiding or being in any of the dominions of France, or in any country, territory, or place, which was on the faid firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, or at any time during the faid war, fhall be under the government of the perfons exercifing, or who fhall hereafter exercife the powers of government in France, fhall after the faid twenty-fourth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, pay, or otherwife fatisfy any fuch money, to any other perfon, or deliver, or otherwife part with fuch bills of exchange, promiflory notes, drafts, obligations, or orders for money, or fecurities for money, goods, wares, merchandizes or cffe&s, unlefsfuch bills of exchange, notes, drafts, obligations, or orders for money, fhall be delivered or parted with, for the purpofe only of receiving and retaining the money due thereon refpedtively ; and fuch goods, wares, merchandizes and effe&s, fhall be delivered or parted	«

with for the purpofe only of felling the fame, and converting the fame into money, to be received and retained by the perfon or perfons fo felling the fame ; every perfon fo offending, fhall forfeit and lofe double the value of fuch money, bins of exchange, notes, drafts, obligations, orders, fecurities, goods, wares, merchandizes, and effedfcs refpe&ively, and no payment of any fuch money, or delivery or difpolition of any fuch bills of exchange, notes, drafts, obligations, orders or fecurities for money, nor any payment or difeharge of any money, for which any fuch goods, wares, merchandizes or

effe&s

Digitized by

Google

Not to extend in perfont authorized by hit Maiefty, or to perrons in bis Majcfty’a fer-\uet &c*

Judge* may flay actions or luits for recovery of debts.

All fines* Sec. to thel King, and recoverable by a&on, dec.

effeftg as aforefaid, fhall be fold as aforefaid, except for the purpofes aforefaid, fhall be effeftual againfl any perfons or perfon whatfoever, who might have demanded the fame, if filch afts had not been done ; but the demands of all perfons whatfoever, in refpeft of fuch property, fhall remain and be in fuH force, not with (landing any difeharge of any nature whatfoever which may be given for the fame,' fave only and except that no fuch demand fhall prejudice or affeft any perfon who fhall have received or purchafed fuch money, bills, notes, drafts, obligations, orders, fecurities, goods, wares, merchandizes or effefts refpeftively, bona fde for full confederation, and without notice that the fame was or were paid, fold, delivered, or difpofed of refpeftively ^ contrary to the true intent and meaning of this aft.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, that nothing in this aft contained fhall extend, or be conflrued tq extend to any aft which (hall be done by any perfon, or in any place, by virtue of or in obedience to a licenfc and Authority from his Majefty, either under his fign manual, or by order in council, or proclamation/ or from any perfons or perfon to be authorifed by his Majefty, under his fign manual, or otherwife, as his Majefly fhall think fit, to give fuch licenfe and authority, or to any aft which fhall be done in his Majefty’s fervice, by any perfon or perfons who fhall be employed therein, or to any aft which fhall be done in aiding or afliding fuch perfons whilfl fo employed, or to any perfon employed, or to be employed' in his Majef-ty’s fervice, who have been, or fhall be during, and for the purpofe of fuch employment, in any of the dominions of France, or in any country, territory, or place, which was on the faid firil day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, or fhall be at any time during the faid war, under the government of the perfons cxercifing the powers of government in France.

VII.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore: faid, that if any aftion or fuit, either in law or equity, fhall be commenced or profecuted for the recovery of any debt or demand contrary to the provifions of this aft, it fhall and may be lawful for the court in which fuch aftion or fuit fhall be commenced in term time, or any one or mpre of the

a:8 of fuch court, out of term, in a fummary way, to arge the defendant or defendants arrefled pn mefne procefs, and to flay all further proceedings in fuch aftion or fuit, upon fuch terms, as to fuch court or judges refpeftively fhall appear neceflary to enforce the provifions of this aft.

VIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, that all fines, penalties and forfeitures impofed by this aft, fhall be to the King?* Majefly, his heirs and fucceflors,

N

The thzriy-fourth Tear of George III.	I	j

and (hall be fued for and recovered by aftion of debt, bill, A. D. plaint or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of 1794-record in Ireland.	k—

IX.	And be it further enrvfted by the authority aforefaid, Judges may that in cafe any perfon (hall be committed for any offence

againft this aft, to any common gaol or other place, there to remain until delivered by due courfe of law, it (hall and may be lawful for any of the juftices of his Majefty’s courts at Dublin, orany of the barons of his Majefty’s court of exchequer, if upon application made, he (hall think it reasonable to admit fuch perfon to bail, he or (he giving fuffi-cient Security for his or her appearance, to anfwer the matters wherewith he or (he (hall be charged.

X. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid.	Offences com-

that any offence againft this aft, committed out of this	j** of

real, may be alledged and be laid, enquired of and tried in	anr

any county of this kingdom ; and that any offence againft county. * this aft committed within this kingdom, may be alledged

and be laid, enquired of, and tried in the county where iuch offence (hall have been committed, or in the city of Dublin. '

XT.	Provided alfo, and be it enafted, that nothing done Not to alter in obedience to this aft, (hall alter or affeft the right, title, or the or intereft of any perfon whomfoever, to, or in any pro- pc^T^othcr^ perty wharfoever, real or perfonal, or any contraft or agree- wjfc t^an as ex-ment whatfoever, further or otherwife than as in this aft is prefled, expreffed.

XII.	Provided alfo, and be it enafted, that it (hall and This aft may may be lawful to repeal, vary, *or alter this aft, or any ^ rcp«al*d or claufe, matter, or thing therein contained, during this pre- tcr * lent feflion of parliament.

CHAP, XV,

jin AB for directing the Application of the Sum of Five Thou-fund Five Hundred Pounds, granted by Parliament to the Dublin Society, for the Improvement of Hujbandryy and other ufeful Arts, and for the more effeSual Recovery of fuch Money as appears due to faid Society, and to the Royal Irifb Academy, and jor enabling the Incorporated Society to eleB their Officers and Members of the Committee of Fifteen, ort the Firjl Wednefday in February in every Tear.

V.	A ND be it further enafted, That all fums which Arrears herc-Jl\ (hall at any time after the palling of this aft be-come due, or be in arrear? by any member ©f the faid fq- kjjj#	1

ciety,

Digitized by

Incorporated fociety fhall choofie their prefident, See. every firft Wednefday in Feb. & c.

The thirty •fourth Tear tf George III.

ciety, on account of the annual fubfeription, (hall and may* from time to time, be fued for and recovered in like manner by civil bill; and that every member of the faid fociety, except a member for life, or an honorary member, who (hall not withdraw himfelf therefrom, by entering with the fecre-tary thereof, a notice figned by himfelf, of his withdrawing himfelf, fhall be deemed to continue an annual fubferiber thereto, from the day of his admifiion ; provided that no member fhall be allowed fo withdraw himfelf, until he fhall have paid all arrears due by him, and the treafurer fhall have certified to the fccretary his receipt thereof.

VII.	And whereas by his late majefty’s charter, granted to the incorporated fociety, for promoting Englifh proteftant fchoojs in Ireland, it is dire&ed, that the prefident, vice-prefident, officers and fervants of the faid fociety, and a committee of fifteen of the members thereof, be chofen annually on the firft. Wednefday in November, in every year ; and it is found that the firft Wednefday in February, would be a more convenient day for that purpofe ; be it enacted, that from henceforth the prefident, vice-prefident, and other officers and fervants of the faid incorporated fociety for promoting Englifh proteftant fchools in Ireland, and the faid committee fhall not be chofcn in Novembei, but fhaU be chofen annually, at a general board of the faid fociety, to be held on the firft Wednefday in February in every year, between the hours of one and three in the afternoon, atid that the feveral officers, and the committee of fifteen, chofen in November laft, fhall continue in their rcfpe&ive offices until the firft Wednefday in February next.

CHAP. XVIL

An A3 for a more effectual Rcdrefs in Cafes of fraudulent or damaged Linens, and for enforcing County InfpeSors to an effeQual Execution of their Dutyy and otberwtfe promoting the Linen and Hempen Manufactures.

Theufeof ^CTTHEREAS by an a£t patted in the twenty-firfl and lime prohibited \\ twenty-fecond years of his prefent^Maiefty, entitled, by 21 Sc %% y[n aQ fa prohibiting the ufe of lime in bleaching,, regulating’ *	feal	mafiers of linens, encouraging the home manufacture of

qjbes for] bleachers ufey enlarging and rendering more commodious the linen-hall tn the city of Dublin, and other purpofes therein mentionedt the truftees of the linen and hempen manufa&ures, upon complaints made before them for fraudulent, unfound, damaged, or immerchantable linens, arc

authorized

Digitized by Google

The thirty-fourth Tear of George III.	17

authorized to dcfirc the attendance of merchants, drapers, bleachers, or other perfons ikiUed in faid manufa&ures, to examine faid linens, and give their opinion upon oath, as to the ftate and quality of them, • and whether the feal-mafter or lapper has adled improperly, negligently, or fraudulently, in Itampirig or fealing the fame; and fuch opinion of the perfons fo fworn, or the majority of them, delivered in writing, is enabled to be conclufive evidence to the faid truftees, of the ftate or quality of the linen, and condu& of the feal-mafter or lapper, in refpeft thereto : and whereas the faid regulations have proved iatisfa&ory, and highly beneficial to the trade, but the red refs intended thereby, is often delayed by the want of attendance of the perfons fo defired to attend; be it therefore ena&ed by the King's inoft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, that regular entries {hall be made by the faid truftees, truftees to enter in a book to be by them kept for the purpofe, of the names of l>er\ of all perfons who (haft from time to time, be fummoned by ummoiu , them, for the purpofe or purpofes aforefaid ; and that if any merchant, draper, bleacher, or other perion as aforefaid, whom it fhall be lawful for them to defire the attendance of, for the purpofe or purpofes aforefaid, (hall, after being duly fummoned, omit to appear and examine upon oath, in manner dirc&ed by the faid a&, and fhall not within feven days day, after fuch his oraiflion, give in upon oath a fufficient excufe for two years for the fame, to be approved of by the faid truftees, and after omiffion, entered by them in the laid book, it fhall not be lawful for	fuch

t he faid truftees, during two years immediately following *^0I^ &cvc faid omiffion, to receive or proceed on any complaint made by fuch pcHfon for fraudulent, unfound, damaged, or unmerchantable linens, or hempen cloth, or againft any feal-mafter or lapper; nor (hall it be lawful for the faid truftees to allow any fuch perfon during faid time, to have or enjoy for the fale, or expofing to fale of linen or other goods, any room within their buildings.

II.	And be it further enabled, That all perfons fo de- Perfons fum-fired or fummoned to attend, for the purpofe or purpofes nioned to exa-aforefaid, fhall, before they proceed to examine the ftate or quality of the linen or hempen cloth, or into any complaint a# herein, in refpe& thereof, be fworn by one of the faid truftees, or by their a&ing fecretary, or one of the infpe&ors general, in the form following:

You Jhall well and truly examine the Jlate and quality of the linen or hempen cloth now laid before y oil, and the matter of faid

Vol. X.	B	complaint,

A. D.

1794-Chap. 17.

1ft

A. ».

1794-Chap 17.

Opinions of jury conclaiive.

Complaints for mildewed linen fvlvl ;n C». Brrain or Irdand, made within 6 months, other countries 12.

tliks on fcal-malU r3 ,vc. may be recovered.

Salaries of in-

fp* xilors not naid but on certificate of truftces.

I,men or

hnv.p.n cloth, th ' hr-adth of vlrch fhal! not be marked* (H.dl br forfeited, and 40. pet piget.

The thirty-fourth Tear of George t IT.

Complaint, and true verdit7 give, according to the evidence, t9 the bfl of your judgment ami opinion.

III.	And be it further enafted, That each fuch opmioif figned and delivered by the faid jury, or the majority of them as afnrefaid, and which by the faid aft is made con-clulive evidence to the faid truftecs, fliall in all actions or fuits at law, on account of damages respecting the Hate or quality of fuch linen or hempen cloth, be deemed in like manner full and conclusive evidence of the (late aAd quality there )f.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That no complaint for mildtrw in lfnen (hall be proceeded upon by the ford truflees, u.ilefs the fame, if fold into Great Britain, or in this kingdom, be made within fix months after the fale thereof, or if fold into any foreign or other places, within twelve months after the fale.

V.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe any feal-mafier or kipper fhnll be fined by the faid truftees, in any film or fums allowed by law for his punHhment, or for or towards recompenfing the damages to the party injured, fuch fine (hall and may be levied or fued for and recovered by faid tTullees, in manner preferibed by law, although his appointment as feal-mafler or lapper may be defective in form or otherwife, or although any of the requifites pre-feribed by law refpc&ing fuch appointment may have been omitted.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall not be lawful for the faid triftees to order payment of falary to any county iiilpcctor, unlefs fuch infpeftor (ball have duly made the returns required by law, and a board confiding of two at lead, of the faid truftebs,- (hall approve of the fame, and certify fuch their approbation, under their (muds, and that fuch infpeftor deferveshis falary'.

VII.	And be it further enafted, That if at any true after the paffing of this aft, any linen or hempen cloth be ■fold, or expofed to fale, or entered for exportation, without

having the number of inches and half inches in breadth, without regard to leffer fraftions, trulyr marked with done blue or vermillion, and fize, on the outfide lap or fold thereof, fo as to be legible and open to view, every piece of fuch Kncn or hempen cloth fo fold, expofed to fale, or eutered for exportation, (hall be forfeited, 2nd the perfon or jrerfona felling or expofing to fale, or entering the fame for exportation, (hall forfeit the fum of forty (hillings for each piece, fuch forfeitures to be adjudged, determined, levied, and difpofed of in like manner, as any forfeiture and penalty may be adjudged, determined, levied, or difpofed of, by 4	virtue

Digitized by

Google

The thirty fourth Tear of George III.

Virtue of any law for regulating or extending the linen and hempen marufaftures.

VITI. And whereas the faid truftees were required by the faid aft, to apply the fum of four thoufand pounds a year, towards encouraging the manufafture of allies, and difeo-vering and proitioting the cultivation of thofe vegetables which afford the greateft quantity of alkaline fubftances when burned : and whereas by means thereof, it has been afeertained, that allies can be made of materials the growth and produft of this kingdom* of a good quality for bleachers ufe, and the yearly appropriation of fo large a fum for the faid piirpofes, is now no longer necefiary, at leaf! for fome time; be it enafted, that the faid truftees need not apply more than the fum of tour hundred pounds a year, towards encouraging the manufafture of afhes, in fuch manner as they, or any feven or more of^ them fhall think proper, any thing in the faid aft to the contrary notvvithftanding.

19

Truftees required to apply 40C0L to manufacture of allies, &c.

yearly appropriation of fuch* fum, not now neceflary ;

truftees need not apply more than 4col a year for that puipofe.

CriAP XVIII.

An A3 for reducing the Time of the Imprifonmcht of Dtbtors, committed to Prtfon for fmall Debts, upon Suits in the Court of Confcienccy of the City of Dublin.

WHEREAS it often happens in the city of Dublin, that poor manufacturers and labouring men who are pofTefled of no property whatfoever, (excepting their ne-ccfTary apparel, and the tools of their tradej and who have no means of difeharging their debts, or of obtaining fub-fiftence for themfelves and their families, but by the wages they receive for their labour, do contraft fmall debts which they' are not able to pay, and for the fame, by virtue of warrants from the court of conference, are imprilorled in the city marflialfea for many months, without any allowance of inod whatfoever, and without any polTible means of earning their own fubfiftence* at the great hazard of their healths, and even of their lives, and to the utter ruin of themfelves and their families : and whereas the provifion made in the ftatute pafled in the thirty-third year of his jVlajefty King George the fecond, refpefting the city of Dublin, which provides that no perfon (hall be confined, by virtut of fuch warrant, for a longer term than ftx months, for a debt exceeding twenty (hillings, and not exceeding forty (hillings, nor longer than three months for a debt not exceeding twenty ihiilings, does not fufiiciently remedy this evil, in as much

B 2	as

Poor manufac* turers, &c. im-pnfoned for (mall debts ;

33 Oeo. 2. does not remedy this evil.

to

A. D.

*794-

Chap, 18.

from ift May, 1794, no p«rf<.n committed by court of con-fcience, where debt does not exceed aos. {hall be confined more than 20 days; whei e debt does not exceed 4CS. 46 days.

Such perfons not to pay fees j

ffaolef taking fee mall forfeit jl. •nc moiety to prifoners, the other to perfon filing.

The thirty-fourth Tear of George III.

a9 filch prifoners having no allowance of food during their imprisonment, and being by fuch confinement rendered unable to earn their own bread, do ufually contract other debts for the neceflary fupport of their exiftence during their imprifonment, and in confequence thereof become more involved in debt, and lefs able to extricate thcmfelves at the expiration of that term, than they were on the firft day of their irrprifonment, fo that the intentions of the legiflature are thereby defeated, the poor debtors and their families entirely ruined, and the benefit of their labour loft to their country; for remedy whereof, be it egadted by the King's tnoft excellent Majeftyi by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in 'this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame* That from and after the firft day of May, in the year of our Lord one thoufar.d feven hundred and ninety-feur, no perfon whatfoever being a debtor, and who hath been,

Or who fhall be committed to the city marfhalfea, or to any other gaol or prifon in the city of Dublin, by order of the court of confidence, where the debt does not exceed twenty {hillings, fhall be kept or continued in cuftody on any pK-tence whatfoever, more than twenty days from the time of his or her commitment to prifon ; and where the debt docs not exceed forty fhilling6, mere than forty days from the time of his ct her commitment as aforefaid ; and the marfhal of faid marfhalfea, and all gaolers, keepers or turnkeys in I the city of Dublin, are hereby required and dirc&ed to dif-charge fuch perfons accordingly.

II. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That when the time fhall expire for which fuch perfon or perfons may be imprifoned as aforefaid, every fuch perfon cr perfons fhall immediately be difeharged and fet at liberty, without paying any fum or fums of money, fee or fees, or other reward or gratuity whatfoever* to the marfhal of the faid marfhalfea, or to any gaoler, keeper, or turnkey of fuch prifon wherein lie or file may be confined, or others, by way of gaol fees, fees for difeharge, or on any pretence whatfoever : and the faid marfhal, or every gaoler, keeper, or turnkey, or others demanding, taking or receiving any fee or fees, fum or fums of money wdiatfoever, upon the difeharge of any fuch perfon or perfons fo committed, or to be committed to his cuftody, as aforefaid, or who fhall keep or detain fuch prifoner after the expiration of the term afore-faid, fhall forfeit the ftim of five pounds, which penalty fhall be recovered by any perfon or perfons who fhall fue for the fame by civil bill, at the feflions of the city of Dublin, one moiety whereof to be divided equally among the prifoners

V •

/ 21

The thirty-fourth Tear of George III.

ers in the city marfhalfea, and the other moiety to be given to \ A. D. the perfon filing for the iame.	1794.

III.	And be it further enafted, That this aft fhall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick aft, and fhall Apublicka#. be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juf-tices, and other perfons whomfoever, without fpeciaDy pleading the fame.

CHAP. XX.

An AS for fecuring a Capital Stock, belonging to the Memberj of the Irifh Muftcal Fund, applicable to charitable Pur-pofes.

W HEREAS fome time in the month of January, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-feven, a fub-feription was begun in the city of Dublin, amongft the pro-feffors of mufick, towards the charitable purpofe of efta-blifhing a fund for the fupport of fuch pvofeffors, belonging to the faid fociety, as through age, infirmity, or accident, fhould be rendered incapable of earning a fumCiency to fupport themfelves and their families, and for the occafional relief of profefTors belonging to the faid fociety in cafe of ficknefs ; and alfo for the relief and fupport of the widows 4 and children of fuch deceafed profeflbrs as did belong to the faid fociety : and whereas by the profits arifing from fuch fubfeription, and alfo by the profits- which have arifen from fome mufical publick performances for the increafe o£ faid fund, a capital dock to the amount of one thoufand pounds, or thereabouts, is now lodged in the hands of the right ho-hourable David Latouche, the treafiyer to the faid fociety, applicable to the purpofes aforefaid: to the end therefore, that the faid fund and the growing produce thereof may be efTeftually fecured and applied; be it enafted by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this pre-fent parliament afiembled, and by the authority 3f the fame, that from and after the palling this aft, all and every the Subfcribers fubferibers to the faid fund, for the time being, (hall be, and declared a body they are hereby declared ta be one body-corporate and poli- corporate, tick, in deed and in name ; and fhall be called by the name of the Irifh Mufical-fund, and by that name fhall hayc perpetual fucceflion, and a common feal, and that they and ' their fucceffors by the fame name, may fue and be fued, implead and be impleaded, and be anfwered unco in all or any court or courts of record, and place* of record and judica-.w. ./	tune

O

Digitized by

Google

%%	The	thirty-fourth	Year	of	George	ITT.

A- D.	ture within this kingdom of Ireland ; and that they and their

1794.	fucceflors, by the name aforefaid, (hall be able and capable in

Chap. 20. law to have, hold, receive, eujoy, pofiefs, aad retain, for the purpofes aforefaid, all and every fuch fum and fums of money as have been, or may hereafter be paid, given, de-\ifed or bequeathed to and for the ends and purpofes herein before mentioned, and that they and their fucceflors, by the name aforefaid, (hall and may at any time hereafter, without licenfe in mortmain, purchafe, take or receive, hold and enjoy any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, not exceeding the value of five hundred pounds a year, at the time of fuch purchafe ; and (hall and may alfo grant, alien, demife or dif-pofe of the fame, or any part thereof, at their free will and pleafure.

Name*of	IT. And be it further cnafted, that from and after the

committee until pafling tty's aft, Thomas Giordani, the now prefident, Philip 4(1 Jan. 1795. Coogan, the now yice-prefident, tty right honourable David Latouche, the now treafurer, Robert Stokes, the now collector, and George Fitzgerald, the now fecretary, together with John Govman Kennedy, efquire, Andrew Buck, efquire, the reverend Thomas Gamble, Frederick Ilhames, Henry Mouutain, Anthony Baitoli, Bartholomew Cooke, David Weyman, Thomas Bird, Alexander Thornpfon, William Adams, Frederick Seafort, and William Stephens, gentlemen, (hail, and they are hereby appointed a committee for managing the faid fund, until the firft day of January, which will be'in the year one thnufand feven hundred and ninety'll ve ; and that the faid committee and their fucceflors, to be elected in manner herein after mentioned, or the majority of fuch committee, for the time being, (hall have full power and audio, ity from time to time, to difpofe of the faid common feal, and to alter or make new the fame, and to direct the ufe and application thereof, and to ohake, ordain, and con-ftitute fuch and fo many bye-laws, conttitutions, orders, and regulations, as to them, or the major part of them (hall feem neceffary and convenient, for the appropriation of the faid funds, or touching or in any wife concerning the affairs and bufinefs of the bud fociety ; and the fame bye-laws, conili-tutions, orders, and regulations fo made as aforefaid, or any of them, at thfcir will and pleafure, to revoke, change, and alter 5 and that the faid bye-laws, conftitutions, orders and regulations, fo as aforefaid made, (hall be duly kept and ob-fer^ed by the faid fociety, and by every member thereof, provided the fame be not contrary or vepugnaui to the (latutes, cuftoms, or laws of this kingdom, or tty true intent and meaning of this aft.

Committee III. And be it further enafted, That tty faid committee, may appoint a or t^c maj0r pait of them, at a meeting to be affembLed by treasurer, &c.	-	.	yirtu$

Digitized by CjOOQle

The thirty,fourth of George III.

*3

virtue of this aft, may, and they are hereby empowered to appoint a treafurcr or treafurers, and fuch other officers as they (hall think neceilary for the purpofes of this a-I ; and from time to time to remove any fuch treafurer or other officer or officers, and appoint another or others in his or their Head ; and if they, the fafd committee, or the majority of them (hall think fit, they (hall and arc hereby required to take fuch fecurity from their treafurer or treafurers, or other officers as (hall be adequate to the truft repofed in him. or them.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That the members of the faid fociety, or fuch of them as (hall think fit, (hall meet together at fame convenient place in the city of Dublin, on the aforefaid firlt day of January, one thousand feven hundred and ninety-five, or within ten days after, for the purpofe of elecling .out of their body a new committee for the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-five, which committee fhall confift of a prefident, vice-j>refident, treafurer, colleftor, and fecretary, aflilled by thirteen other members, that is tv fay, nine profefTors, and four non-profeflbrs of muiic, provided that previous to fuch eleftion the fecretary (hall fend fummonfes to all the members of the faid fociety, to be

. prefent at fuch eleftion, and to vote for fuch perfons as they (hall think fit; and the faid five officers, and the faid nine profeffors, and four non-profeiTors of mufic fo to be elefted, (hall be the committee for putting this aft in execution for the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-five ; and that the members of the faid fociety at large, or fuch of them as (hall think fit, (hall in like manner meet together in forr.e convenient place in the city of Dublin, on the firlt day of January, in every fucceeding year, or within ten days after, and eleft a committee in the fame manner before mentioned for fuch year ; and in cafe any one or more of the faid committee hereby appointed, or to be elefted in manner aforefaid, (hall die or refufe to adjt in the execution of this aft, the furviving or remaining committee-men (hall and may meet together at fame convenient place in the city of Dublin, and the major part of fuch as (hall fo attend, (hall and may eleft a committee-man in the room and dead of fuch coin-jnittte-man fo dying or refufing to aft as aforefaid; and every committee-man fo to be elefted rn any or either of the cafes aforefaid, (hall have the fame powers and authorities for the purpofes of carrying this aft into execution, a3 the committee herein and hereby nominated and appointed, are in* vefted with.

V.	And be it further enafted, That this aft (hall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a public aft, and (hall be.

judicially

A. D.

1794-Chap. 20.

Members meet ift Jan. 1795.

A puliicka&.

*4

The thirty-fourth Tear of George IIL

A. D. I794*.

judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, juftices, and other perfons whomfoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CHAP XXII.

Roman Catho-licks who take oath preferibed by 33 G. 3. c. ax. and by 13 &X4 G. 3. c.35. receive certificates on payment

An AS for afeertmning the Fees payable by fuch Reman Catholics as qualify.

FOR the better ascertaining the fees payable by fuch Roman Catholicks as qualify ; be it declared and ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament afTembled, and by the authority of the lame. That every Roman Catholick who (hall take and fubferibe the oath and declaration preferibed by the adl of the thirty-third year of his prefent Majefty, entitled, An ad for the relief of his MajcJly's Popifh or Roman Caths-

Penalty on offi- * ccr refuting aoL

fver perfuafion upon entitled I

the proper officer of the court wherein fuch Roman Catholick (hall have qualified, of his having taken and fubferibed the faid oaths, and for which certificate the fum of one (hilling, and no more, (hall be paid ; and in cafe fuch officer (hall refufe or delay to grant fuch certificate upon payment of the faid fee, and he (hall incur a penalty of twenty pounds^ to be recovered by civil bill.

CHAP XXIII,

An Ad for reviving ami continuing certain temporary Sta* tutes.

WHEREAS the temporary ftatutes herein after mentioned, are found neceffary and fit to be continued, be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and A&17 Geo. 3. with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and tem-c. 44. to explain poral, and commons in this prefent parliament afiembled, and amend 11 Sc and by the authority of the fame, That an a& pafled in the forbad m^thlT twc,lt7'^cvent^ Ycarhis prefent Majefty, entitled, An ad poor, Uu* C 1* explain and amend an ad pajfed in the eleventh and twelfth

yeact

The thirty-fourth Tear of George III.

years of kls prefent Majefly, entitled, An ad for badging fuch poor, as Jball be found unable to fupport themfehoes by labour, and other wife providing for them, arid for refraining fuch ds Jhall befound able to fupport themfelves by labour or indujtry from begging, be revived and continued to the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand eight hundred, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament.

II.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That fo much of an adl pafled in the third year of his prefent Majefly, entitled, yin ad for continuing and amending certain temporary 3 c. 17, for Jlatuies heretofore made, for the better regulation of the city of

Cork, and for enlarging the falary of the treafurer, and for the porary (Unites hitler regulating the fale of coals in the faid city, and for eroding for city of Cork* and continuing lamps in the fame, and for the better preferring the &c. fireets and highways therein, and for confirming and ejlabljfbing a court of ccnfcience in the faid city, and for regulating the ajfi^t of bread therein, and for fecuring the quays by parapet walls, as is not by the faid adt made perpetual, be, and toe fame hereby made perpetual.

III.	And be it cnadled by the authority aforefaid, That Riots,

an adt pafled in the twenty-feventh year of his prefent Ma-	Riot aa	27

jefty, eutitlcd, An ad to prevent tumultuous rfings and affem- G. 3. c. 15. dec* blies, and for the more effedual punifhment of perfons guilty of

outrage, riot, and illegal combination, and of admtnijlering and taking unlawful oaths, and which hath been ftnee continued, be further continued to the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand eight hundred, and to the end of the then next feflion of parliament*

IV.	And be lt enadted by the authority aforefaid, That - .

an adt paired in the twenty-filth year of his prefent Majefly, 25 Gk 3. c 31, entitled, An ad to take away the challenge to the array of pan- tQ take away (Is of jurors, for want of a knight on trials tn which a peer or challenge, 8c c. lord of parliament is a party, and which inadvertently was fuffered to expire, be revived and made perpetual.

V.	And whereas by a claufe in an adt palfed in the feven* Forgery, teenth year of the reign of hi3 late Mnjefty King George the Claufe in 17 fecond, entitled, An ad for the amendment of the law in rela- 0.».c.xi. f. 1. tion to forgery, aud the falvage of Jhips and goods Jlranded, it is &c* enadted, That if any perfon or perfons fhould be indidted for

felony, for falfely making, forging, or counterfeiting, or procuring to be falfely made, forged, or counterfeited, or willingly adding or afiifling in the falfe making, forging, or counterfeiting any deed, laft will or teflament, bond, writing obligatory, bill of exchange, promiflbry note for the payment of money to the value of five pounds, endorfement or aflignment of any bill of exchange, or of fuch note or any Acquittance or receipt, either for money or goods, to the Value gf five pound;, with intention to defraud any perfon,

1	and

Cork.

So much of 3

Digitized by Google

*6

A. D.

794-

Chap. 23.

Coals. Coal and colliery ad 31 G. ». c. 14* &c.

Quit Rent, &c. *3 and 14 G. 3. fo far as uoc altered i»y 17 G. 3. c. 49- &c-

Whiteboys.

Riot A a 15 5c

16 0. 3-c ax.

jp herein.

thirty-fourth Tear of George III.

and be therefore lawfully convided, (hall be excluded from the benefit of clergy, or of the ftatute ; and that the faid claufe ftiall continue in force to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and fifty-feven, and tv) the end of the then next feflion of parliament ; and whereas the faid claufe was by an ad pafTed in the fevenjeeth and eighteenth years of his prefent Majefty, continued to the twfity-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, and from thence to the end of the then next ftflion of parliament ; be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, that the faid claufe be* and the fame is hereby revived and made perpetual.

VI.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, that an ad pa (Ted in the thirty-firft year of his late Majefty King George the fecund's reign, entitled, yin ad for the better fup-ffyfag the city of Dublin with coals, and for the better encouragew ment of the cauteries of this kingdom, and which has been fince continued to the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-two, and to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, be, and is hereby fuither continued to the twenty-fourth of June, one thoufand eight hundred, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament.

VII.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That an ad patted in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of his prefent Majcfty, entitled, yin ad for difeharving certain arrears of quit, crown, and companion rents, which have been growing due for twenty years lajl paj?, on the terms, and in the manner therein mentioned, fo far a6 the fame hath not been altered or amended, by an ad pafTed in the twenty-feventh year of his prefent Majefty, entitled, ylnaQ for dij'charging certain arrears of quit, crown, and compf lion rents which have been growing due for twenty years lajl pajl, on the terms, and fa the manner therein mentioned, together with the faid laft mentioned ad, be continued until the twenty-fourth of June, one thoufand eight hundred, and to the end of the then next feflion of parliament.

VIII.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That an ad pitted in the fifteenth and fixt'eenth years of the reign of liis prefent Majefty, entitled, yin ad to prevent and punijh tumultuous rifmgs of per fans within this kingdom, and for other purpofes therein mentioned, and which by an ad patted in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, was continued to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, and from thence to the then next feflion of parliament, be continued to the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand eight hundred* aud to the end of the then next feflion of parliament,

JX. An*

Digitized by

Google

The thirty-fourth Tear of George III.

IX.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That an aft pafled in tjie feyenteenth and eighteenth years of his prefent Majefty, entitled, An a3 to amend and continue an aB, 'Paffed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his prefent Mayfly, entitled. An a3 for the better regulation of the baking trade of the city of Dublin, and for other purpofes, and which has been by feveral afts continued in force, be further continued to the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand eight hundred, and to the end of the then next feffion of parliament.

X.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That an aft pafled in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late Majefty King George the fecond, entitled. An ad for the snore ejfedual execution of orders of the courts of jupicc for gluing and quieting pojfejjions, and alfo for the more effectual bringing to jujlice fuch perfons as Jhall enh/t his Majefy's fubjeBsP to ferve as foldiers in foreign fervice without licenfe, which aft w as by an aft made in the feVenteeth and eighteenth years of )iis prefent Majefty, continued to the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, expired with the feffion one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, be revived and continued to the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand eight hundred, and to the end of thq then next feffion of parliament.

XI.	And be it enafted. That an aft pafled in the third year of his prefent Majefty, whereby the time within which converts from popery were to perform the legal requifites of conformity was limited, and that fuch time was from time to time enlarged, by feveral fucceffive afts of parliament, and was finally by an aft pafled in the nineteeth and twentieth years of his prefent Majefty, enlarged and extended to the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-one, and to ifie end of the then next feffion of parliament, fo that the time fo limited has now expired, be revived and continued to the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand eight hundred, and to the end of the then feffion of parliament*

Dublin Bakers* Baking a€t 17 Sc 18 C.3.C. 17. to amend and continue 13 Sc 14 O.3. as herein.

Poflaffions.

Foreign Service. 2S G. % c. 11. for execution of orders of courts of juft ice, as herein.

Converts.

Time for converts from Popery to perform ro-quifites, as limited by 3 G. 3. c, 26. as herein.

CHAP. XXVI.

An A3 for the Improvement of the Town and Harbour of Wexford, and for building a Bridge or Bridges over the River Slaney, at or near Jaid Town*'

WHEREAS the bar or entrance into the harbohr of Wexford, is exceedingly dangerous and unfafe, by reafon of the ffiallownefs of the water thereon, whereby many veflel6 have been loft or otherwife much damaged, which miglit be remedied by cpufining the water, and deep-

-	eaing

Preamble.

Digitized by L-ooQle

Tbs th.rty-fourth Tear of George III.

prrft-ns appointed a hody i >rpo-ratc, as herein.

Members to meet at cnnrt-Imufc in Wexford, as herein.

enhig one or more clianr.cl or channels, and the trade of faid town would be much benefited by the making, erc&inj^, and extending one or more quay or quays along the faid town, from Saint Paul’s quay^ to the ferry boat quay, or to where a b tdge Ihall be built over tlie river Slauey, and by-making proper graving and floating docks, and building a bridge over the river Slanty, from the faid town to Ferry-hank, on the oppollte fhorc of laid river, or as convenient thereto as may be judged expedient * and the health of the inhabitants would be much benefited by the removing of nuifanccs in the faid town, and a bridge over the faid river $L:iey, at or near the ferry of Car-rig, would tend much to the public advantage ; be it therefore enaflcd by the King’s moil excellent Majefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, anc! by the authority of the lame. That the mayor, bailiffs, and burgefles of the town of Wexford for the time being, the colle&or of the port, the reprefentatives in parliament for the county of Wexford, and for the borough of Wexford, for the time being, Stephen Ram, Abel Ram* Charles Stanley Monk, William Hatton^ Cornelius Grogan, Matthew Talbot, James Edward Dcvercux, Harvey Hay, Beauchamp Bagenal Harvey, Johu Harvey, junior, of Mount-pleafant, John Hay, and John Grogan, efquires, William Kearney, junior, Robert Sparrow, Loftus Richards, Robert Mcyler, Edward SuN ton, Thomas Rowe, Mathew' Hughes, Arthur Meadows, junior, Nicholas Herron, John Cullimore, William Archer, -Lawrence Murphy, William Hughes, John Cardiffe, Nathaniel Hughes, William Devereux, Patrick Devereux, John Pettit, Clmflopher Richards, and Patrick'Prendergaft, merchants, Michael Yicary, and Richard Waddy, the honourable Francis Hely Hutchinfon, and Henry Ottiwell, efquires, and the town clerk of the faid town or corporation of Wexford, for the time being, be, and are hereby appointed one body corporate and politic, for carrying into execution the purpofes of this a£, and as fuch (hall have perpetual fucceffion, and be capable fuing, and being lued, and fhali be called and known .by the name of the corporation for improving the bar, town, and harbour Wexford, and (hall have a common feal.	%	<

II.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the members of the faid corporation hereby appointed, or fome feven or more of them do, and (hall meet at the court-houfe, in the faid town of Wexford, on or before the twenty-fourth day of June next, and do and (hall at fuch meeting, appoint and conftitute one office, in fome proper and convenient place in the faid town, which from thenceforth (hall be called and known by the name of the ballaft-

officc

Digitized by v^ooQle

Tlx thirty-fourth Tear of George III.	2%)

office of the port of Wexford ; and that each and every of A. D. the members of the faid corporation (hall, before they or 1794. any of them proceed to execute the purpofes of this aft take Chap. 26.

and fubferibe the following oath or affirmation :	____—>/—

Oath or affir-

I A. B. do folemnly promife and fwear, or affirm y that I mat ion of each •will faithjully and impartially, according to the lejl of my Jkill member: and knowledge, execute the federal powers and trufls committed to me, in and by an aQ of parliament now in force in ttys king*	>

dom, entitled, An alt for the improvement of the town and harbour of Wexford, without favour or affiSion, prejudice or malice, and according to the bejl of my JiiU and knowledge,

So help me God*

which oath or affirmation any feven or more of the faid mem* Adminirtcredby bers, are hereby empowered to adminifler to each other, and 7 members, the fame is to be entered in a book to be kept particularly for that piupofe.

III.	And be it further enafted, that no aft of the mem- Nothing bers of faid corporation, (hall be deemed an aft of the faid deemed an aft corporation, unlefs there be at leafl feven members of the of^ecorP°-faid corporation duty afiembled, prefent at fuch aft, and ”m°mbcrsVre-that their aft (hall be, and be coniidered as the aft of the fcnt. corporation.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Corporation That from and after fuch time as the faid corporation fhall may meet and be incorporated as aforefaid, the faid corporation (hall and oJ^0*^*** may at lucli times, and as often as they fhall think fit, meet picafe?5 * and aflemble themfelves at the place to be appointed within

the faid town or corporation for that purpofe, and (hall and .may at fuch meetings, give and fign orders for the neceffiry current and ufual expenditures, for the carrying on the general and ufual bufinefs of the faid corporation.

V.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Corppnton That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid corpora- m;:y fummon tion, from time to time, when and as often as they fhall think members rn;-necefTary, or find it expedient, by fummons to be left at the to"ttend eioc^* ufual place of abode of fuch of the members of the faid cor- tionsfor a trea-1 poration as are refidents within the faid town, to convene a fmcr, &c. meeting or meetings of the faid corporation, to be held at

the faid court-houfe, or fuch other place of meeting, as the faid corporation fhall appoint, with at leafl fourteen days notice for eleftion to any office, which fummons fhall exprefs the purpofe for which fuch meeting fhall be intended, and that it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid corporation, at fuch refpeftive meeting or meetings to be convened aa aforefaid, to cleft and appoint proper officers for the purpofe of carrying tlxis aft into execution, that is to fay, a

treafurer,

Digitized by

Google

3*

A.

>794* Chap. 26.

When members die, refign, or rtfufe to aft, remaining members (hall cleft others.

Corporation nuy build a bridge, &c.

&c. and make paflages thereto.

The thirty-fourth Tear of George lit.

treafurer, fecretary, haven-maftcr, ballaft-mafler, and pilot-mailer, in cafe they (hall judge it expedient fo to do, who are to receive and be paid the falaries herein after mentioned, during all fuch time as they (hall continue to difeharge the duties of their refpedive offices, to the fatisfadion of the faid corporation* out of the produce of the payments and duties herein after direded to be paid ; and aifo from timd to time, to make and ordain fuch rules, orders, bye-laws and regulations, for cleanfing and improving the faia bar, harbour, and quay of Wexford ; and for regulating the con-dud of the mailers and owners of (hipping, reforting to the faid harbour and quay, in throwing out and taking in their ballail, and in dationing and mooring their Ihips and veflels, and for regulating the condud of the owners and managers of lighters, gabbards, and other veflels, to be employed in furnuhing ballad to, and taking ballad from fuch (hipping ; and for fecuring of fhips and veiTels trading to the faid harbour, and for regulating and conducting the bufinefs of the aforefaid office; and for the well governing of the faid office, and the federal officers and clerks to be employed therein, and in and about the bufinefs thereof, and for regulating the condud of, and well governing the feveral officers to be appointed as herein before is mentioned ; all which rules, bye-laws and regulations, (hall be as binding and conclufive to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame were enaded by this ad, provided fuch rules, orders, byelaws and regulations, (hall not be contrary to any of the laws or ftatutes of this realm.

VI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That for continuing the fucceffion of the faid corporation from time to time, and as often as any of the faid perfons hereby named, or hereafter to be eleded members of the faid corporation, (hall happen to die, or refign, or refufe, or decline to ad, the remaining members of the faid corporation, at fuch meeting, to be convened by public advertife-ment, with at lead fourteen days notice, as feven or more of the faid members (hall appoint, and alfo by fuch fum-mons as aforefaid, (hall from time to time elect, nominate, and appoint a fit and able perfon or perfons to be member or members of the faid corporation, in the room and (lead of fuch perfon or perfons fo happening to die or refign* or i*e-fufing or declining to ad.

VII.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the faid corporation (hall have full power and authority from time to time, and at all times hereafter, to make and to build a bridge or bridges, with a lifting arch or portcullis over faid river, to ered and build all fuch quays, wharfs and dock8f and to make wide and convenient paflages and avenues

X

7he thirty-fourth Tear of George Ilf.

iwes thereto* for the improvement of the trade of the faid town and harbour, and benefit of the (hipping trading thereto j and alfo from time to time to erect works, embank, fink, widen* deepen, and cleanfe the faid bar and harbour of Wexford, as any feven or more of the (aid corporation fhall think fit.

VI11.	And whereas the building of fuch quays, wharf* and docks* and of making wide and convenient paflages and avenues thereto, and improving and cleanfing of the faid bar, port and harbour, will be of great ufe to all (hips that fhall refort to faid port, and to all lighters, gabbards and wherries, plying within the fame, and a great and continual expence will be required to accompliffi and carry on the works necefiary in building and making the faid quays and wharfs, and in purchafmg of houfes and grounds for that purpofe, and alfo for improving and cleaimng the faid bar and harbour ; be it therefore enafted by the authority afore-laid, That from and after the palling of this aft, the fob Rates and dutitt lowing rates and duties, over and befides all fum and fums to be paid, be-of money payable for ballad, as herein after is mentioned, fhall be paid to fuch perfon or perfons, as the laid corpo- Wctor ration fhall appoint to receive the fame, by the roafler or owner of every (hip or veffel. coming into the harbour of Wexford ; that is to fay, for and upon every (hip or veflel which (hall not belong to any of his majefty’s fubjefts in Great Britain, Ireland, or the Britiih plantation* or iflands, the fum of one (lulling for every ton, of the burthen of fuch (hip or veffel ; for and upon every (hip or vefTcl which fhall belong to any of his Majefty’s fubjefts failing to, or arriving from any pott not within the kingdom of Ireland, the fum of fixpence, for every ton of the burthen of fuch fhip or veflel, on every voyage fuch (hip or veflel (hall make to the faid harbour of Wexford ; and for and upon every fhip or veflel coming and trading from any part of Ireland, coaftways to Wexford, the fum of three pence, for every ton of the burthen of fuch (hip or veflel, the faid feveral and refpeftive rates or duties to be paid on every voyage that any fhip or veflel (hall make to the laid port or harbour of Wexford ; which tonnage (hall be computed by outward gauging of the faid (hips or vcflels refpeftively, or by the regiftry thereof; and the haven-mailer or ballalbmailer for the time being, and all and every otherofficer and officers as (hall be appointed under this aft, is and are hereby empowered to make fuch outward gauge of every fuch (hip as fhall come into, or go out of the laid harbour, from time to time, at they (hall dee occafion ; the faid duties to continue for the term of thirty-one years, from the. twenty-fourth day of June next.

J*

The thirty-purth if ear of George III.

A. D.

1794-Chap. 26.

Proprietors t>f boats, wherries, 6rc. not regiftered, above 4* and tinder 10 tons, to pay 5s. for liccnfe, and at. 6d. per ann.

Corporation may grant licenlts to owners of boats, &c.

Boats, &c. above 4 tons, not licenfed, and owners not having given fecarity, forfeit aos.

IX.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore* faid, That from and after the parting of this aft, the pro* prietors and owners of nil boats, fmacks, cots, gabbards* lighters and wherries, which (hall be ufually employed in the faid port, or in any part thereof, which (hall not be re-giflered, above the burthen of four ton, and under the bur* then of ten ton, except thofc which (hall be aftually employed on the fiihfng trade, or in carrying of materials for buildings, of ftonea, fand or lime, fhall pay to the faid cor* poration refpeftively, five (hillings for a liccnfe, and two (hillings and fix pence per annum, during fuch time as fuch boats, fmacks, cots, gabbards, lighters and wherr^s (hall be kept in, or navigated upon the faid port or harbour 5 and for every boat, fmack, cot, gabbard, lighter and wherry, of the burthen of ten ton and upwards, except as aforefaid, the fum of ten (hillings for a licenfe, and five (hillings per annum, during all fuch time as every fuch boat, fmack, cof, gabbard, lighter and wherry* (hall be kept in, or navigated upon the faid po'rt or harbour.

X And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid corporation (ball be, and they are hereby em* powered to grant licenfes to the owner or owners of fuck boat, fmack, cot, gabbaid, lighter or wherry', as (hall he employed to carry goods or merchandizes, or other articles or things whatsoever, or on the faid fifhing trade, or in carrying materials for building as aforefaid, in the faid port or harbour of Wexford ; provided that the owner or owners of any fuch boat, fmack, Cot, gabbard, lighter or wherry, (hall, previous to the granting of fuch licenfe, enter into a fccurity by himfelf or then.fJivcS, and two other good and fufficient perfons as their fccuiit'es, to be appioved of by the faid corporation by bond, in the penalty of ten pounds, conditioned to keep up fuch boats, fmacks, cots, gabbards, Jighters and w'herrics, in good order and condition, and properly manned at all times, and to abide and be determined by fuch reafonable and accuftomed rate of freight or carriage within the faid harbour, as the faid corporation (hall by any rule, order, or bye-law to be made and ordained as aforefaid, agree upon, and alfo to abide by, perform, and fulfil all and every fuch rules, orders, bye-laws and regulations, as the faid corporation (hall purfuant to the powers in them veiled by this aft, make and ordain for that purpofe.

XI.	And be it further cnafted by the authority aforefaid. That if any boat, fmack, cot, gabbard, lighter or wherry, above the burthen of foHr tons, as aforefaid, which (hall not be licenfed as aforefaid, and the owner or owners of fuch not having given fecurity as aforefaid, (hall be found laden with any goods, merchandizes, matter or thing whatfoever,

within

The thirty-fourth Tear of George III.

within the faid harbour or port of Wexford; or if any fuch owner Or owners of any fuch boat, fmack, cot, gabbard, lighter or wherry, (hall refufe or ncgled to enter into fecu-lity, and perform the requifites enjoined by this ad, then, and for every time fuch offence (hall be committed, the owner Or mafter of fuch boat, fmack, cot, gabbard, lighter or wherry, {hall forfeit the fum of twenty {hillings, to be recovered'as herein after is direded, one half thereof to be paid to the perfon who {hall give information to the faid corporation of fuch offence, and the other part thereof to be paid to the faid corporation, for the purpofea of this ad.

XII.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore-faid, That the better to enable the faid corporation to build *h» ad, follow* and ered the faid quays, wharfs and docks, and alfo to embank, fink, widen, deepen, and cleanfc the faid bar and harbour, and to keep the lame in repair, that each and every ihip and veffel, which from and after the paffing of this ad, {hall arrive in the faid port or harbour of Wexford,

(except as herein before is mentioned,) {hall pay to the faid

corporation, or the officer or officers to be appointed to

receive the fame, over and above all other payments, rates

and duties, herein before appointed to be paid as aforefaid,

the following fums ; that is to fay, for all and every fuch

veffel or veffels, under the burthen of forty tons, the fum .

of three (hillings and fix pence, for every trip or voyage fuch

Ihip or veffel {hall make to the faid harbour ; and every (hip ▼ril’ds under 40

or veffel of forty tons burthen, and upwards (hall pay the I®?** 3»*6d. J**

fum of five (hillings over and above fuch payments, rates and

duties as aforefaid, for every fuch trip or voyage fuch (hip 40 f®ni‘an<' ttP*

or veffel (hall make to the faid harbour.	^	War	**

Xfll. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. None but cor* That no perfon (fave the faid corporation, or their officers, pornion to teas aforefaid,) {hall from and after the paffing of this ad, £fIVC demand or receive from any mafter or commander of any fhip or veffel whatfoever in the faid harbour or port, or from ® •	**

any perfon (hipping or landing goods at, or upon any quays already made, or hereafter to be made within the faid town or harbour, or any of them, or any fum or fums of money for quayage, or on account of faftening their cables to any rings, pofts, blocks, or otherwife whatfoever, or of permitting any goods to be landed from any veffel on the faid quays or wharfs now made, or hereafter to be made, or any part thereof.

XIV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That faid corporation (hall furnifti, or caufe to be fumiftied, at the rates herein after mentioned, to the commanders or mailers of any ihips or veffels which ihall from Vol. X.	C	time

Corporation to furnifti ballall within 24 hours after notice,

From paffing

- X

Digitizea

;

34

A.

D.

1'794-

Chap. 2 6.

Manner, of bringing ballafl %o Ihips.

When ballafl wharfsare credit, and bailaft thereon, corporation may order velfcls to go along fide fuch for ballad.

Corporation t«» fumifh lighter*, workmen, and tools*

The thirty-fourth Tear of George III.

time to time arrive within the faid harbour or port of Wexford, ballad, and for that* purpofe, that the faid corporation do, and (hall provide a fufficient number of lighters or gabhards, together with proper and fufficient workmen, tools, and engines for the raffing ballafl in fuch part or parts of the faid harbour or river, as (hall be by them judged expedient, and fhall fumifh all (hips and veflels wanting or requiring ballafl, within the faid port with ballafl, at the rates herein after mentioned, within twenty-four hours after notice fhall be given fo to do, to the perfon who fhall from time to time acl as ballad-mailer under the faid corporation, provided wind and weather fhall permit, but if wind and weather fhall not permit, then within twelve hours after wind and weather fhall fo permit.

XV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the faid ballafl fo to be furnifhed as aforefaid, fhall be brought to the fid6s of the fhips or veflels which fhall have occafioned for the fame in the lighters or gabbardt to be provided and kept as aforefaid, and thence immediately thrown into fuch fhips or veflels by the crews of fuch fhips or vefTel8 refpe&ively.

XVI.	Provided always, That when and as foon as one or more wharf or wharfs fhall be ere&ed for the faving and floring of ballafl in faid port or harbour, and that there fhall be a fufficient quantity of ballad in and upon fuch wharf or wharfs for the (implying of any fhip or vefTel wanting the fame, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid corporation, or the officer or officers to be appointed by them for that purpofe to order and dire6l at their diferetion any fhip or veflel requiring ballad as aforefaid, to go along fide of fuch wharf or wharfs, aud take in fuch ballad from the fide or fides thereof, as the faid officer fhall dire& or appoint, in which cafe the faid corporation, or their officer or officers, fhall not be obliged to fumifh fuch fhip or veflel with ballad in a lighter or lighters.

XVII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid corporation fhall furnifh, orcaufe to be furnifhed at the rates herein after mentioned, to the commanders, or matters of any fhips or veflels which fhall from time to time arrive within the faid port, laden with ballad, good and fufficient lighters or gabbards, with proper and fufficient workmen and tools, for the packing and carrying nway fuch ballad from fuch fhips or veflels within twenty-four hours after notice for that purpofe fhall be given bv fuch commanders or maflers refpe&ively, to the proper officer of the faid port, if wind and weather fhall permit; and in tafe wind and weather fhall not permit the fame, then within twelve hours after wind aud weather fhall fo permit.

XVIII. Pro*

Digitized by

Google

The thirty-fourth Tear of George III.	3	j

XVIII.	Provided always, that when and fo foon as fuch A. D. quay or quays, wharf or wharfs as aforefaid, (hall be fo built 1794* andere&ed, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Chap. 26. corporation, or the officer or officers to be appointed by

them for that purpofe, to order and dire& at their difcre- Whert wharfii tion, any (hip or veffei requiring to difcharge and unload arc ^retted, cor-ballaft, to difcharge and unload fuch ballaft at fuch quays and wharfs as they (hall diredl ; provided fuch (hip or veffei unload ballad can conveniently lay her fide to fuch quays or wharfs, in thereat, which cafe the laid corporation, or their faid officer or officers, (hall not be obliged to furnifti to the commander or matter of any fuch (hip or veffei, any lighter or gabbard for the taking of fuch balfeft from fuch (hip or veffei.

XIX.	And in order that fuch lighters or gabbards as

(hall or may be employed in bringing ballaft to, and taking uLieccf&iy^ ballaft from fuch (hips or vefiels as aforefaid, (hall not be lay in taking-in longer detained than (hall be neceffary, be it ena&ed by the or putting out authority aforefaid, That in cafe the crew of any (hip or ballaft.

• veffei (had negledk or refofe to take in, or caft out their ballaft, fo an to occafion any unreafonable or unneceffary delay to any lighter or lighters, gabbard or gabbards,

' which may be employed under the faid corporation to bring ballaft to, or to take ballaft from fuch (hip or veffei, then and in fuch cafe, the commander or matter of fuch (hip or ‘ veffei refpe&ively fo delaying, (hall pay, or caufe to be paid to the proper officer appointed by the faid corporation for the damage that (hall be fuftainea by faid delay, fuch fum or fums of money as the faid corporation (hall in a fummary manner finally judge and determine, the fame to be levied by warrant under the feal of the faid corporation.

XX.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Rafters That if the commander or matter ot any (hip of veffei which ^or*dTliveir (hall be in the faid harbour, (hall take, or permit or fuffer on*t ballait to to be taken into fuch (hip or veffei, any ballaft whatfoever, perfons not ap. from any perfon or perfons whatfoever, fave only fuch as pointed by cor-(hall be thereto appointed by the faid coporation, or (hall P°Jatioil> forfeit permit or fuffer any ballaft whatfoever to be taken from fuch 10 *

(hip or veffei, fave only by fuch perfon or perfons as (hall be thereunto appointed as aforefaid, then not only the faid mailer or commander, but alfo the perfon or perfons who (hall deliver to, or take from -fuch (hip or veffei fuch ballaft as aforefaid, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit any fum not exceeding the fum of ten pounds fterling, to be paid to fuch perfon or perfons as (hall give information of fuch offence to faid corporation.

XXI.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore- Matters of faid, That the matter or commander of any (hip or veffei vdfcls to pay that ftaB take is taJbft from the fold office, within the faid

’*	~	C 3	fort	*'***•

Digitized by <^.ooQLe

Maftcra to pay ad. per ton for baliatt put out

Cuftonvhoufc officers Hot to difthat^e vcfltU, until dil- barges from btliafl office axe produced.

Perfon* talcing a falfc oath or affirmation guilty of per-jury.

Ballaft-maf-

ti-r rcfubpga difeharge, tut-faits jl.

The thirty-fourth Tear of George III.

port or harbour, fhall pay, or caufe to be paid to the officer who (hall be appointed by the laid corporation to receive the fame, feven pence for every ton of Inch baliatt which (hall be fo delivered within the faid port or harbour.

XXII.	And be it fdrther eua&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the mailer or commander of any Ihip or veflel who fhall put out ballad within the faid port or harbour, if the fame fhall be fo put out at the expence of faid corporation, (hall pay or caufe to be paid to the officer who (hall be appointed as aforefaid, two pence per ton for every too of fuch ballad which (hall be fo put out.

XXIII.	And to the end that the (aid refpedive fines and duties to be paid as aforefaid, may be more effedually paid and levied, be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the officers of his Majefty’i oudom-houfe of Wexford, (hall not clear or difeharge any Ihip or (hips, veffel or veflels outward bound, or permit any (hip or Ihips, veffel or veflels outwaid bound, to fail, until the commander or mailer thereof (hall have brought a difeharge from the ballaft-mader, or other proper officer to be appointed as aforefaid, tdlifying that fuch (hips or veflels have paid and cleared the ballad-money payable by fuch Ihips or veflels, in cafe fuch (hips or veflels (hall have taken in ballad, and likewife all the payments and duties by this ad charged as aforefaid, which difeharge from the laid ballad-matter (hall, in cafe the matter or commander of fuch (hip or veffel (hall have really and truly paid the faid ballad-money, payments and duties, be immediately granted, without fee or reward, fraud or delay, upon fuch coritmander or matter, firft making oath, or if of the people called quakers, then an affirmation before fuch ballaft-mafter or perfon authorized by the faid corporation toad: as fuch, which oath or affiimation fuch ballad-matter or perfon is hereby empowered to admini-tter, that fuch commander or matter has paid at the (aid office to tlie perit.n who (hall be empowered by the (aid corporation to receive the fame, the full amount of all money payable by him by virtue of this ad, for the full quantity of baliatt which had been taken in, or put out of fuch (hip.

XXIV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That if fuch oath or affirmation fo to be taken by fuch commander or matter as aforefaid, (hall be falfe, fuch coii rrwilder or matter (hall upo;i being thereof convided by indid’.i ent or information, fuffer the pains and penalties which by law perfous guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury are* fubjed to.

XXV.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore-laid, That if the laid ballad-matter or perfon authorized by

Digitized by

Balkft-maf. ter may enter lighters, boars, &c.aujidiilttuA«

The thirty-fourth Tear of George III.

the faSd corporation to aft as fuch, (hall upon fuch -commander or mafter having perfot med fuch requifites as aforefaid, refufe or delay to grant fuch difeharge, the faid ballaft-mafter or perfon fo refufin£ or delaying, (hall forfeit five pounds for every fuch refgfal or delay, to the mafter of fuch &ip or veffel, to be recovered as herein after is mentioned.

XXVI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe of non-payment of any fum charged or chargeable from any lighter, gabbard, wherry, boat or boats by this prefent aft, it fhajl and may be lawful to and for the faid ballaft-mafter for the time being, or any perfon appointed for that purpofe by the faid corporation, to enter into every fuch gabbard, lighter, wherry, and boat, and to feize and diftrain the mads, fails, oars, or other matters therein found, and if no fuffieient diftrefs can be found therein, then to feize and didrain fuch gabbard, lighter, wherry, or boat, and fuch diftrefs or diftreffes to detain and keep, until he or they be fatisfied and paid fuch fum and fums of money charged on fuch lighter, gabbard, yvherry, or boat, and which (hall be then in arrear and unpaid ; and in cafe of non-payment of the fum or fums of money which (hall be fo in arrear as aforefaid, for ten days pext after any.diftrefs or diftreffes frail be fo taken as aforefaid, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid bajlaft-maller, or the perfon or perfons fo appointed, or any of fhem, to fell the diftrefs fo taken, and therewith to fatisfy the fum fo due and owing, and all reafo;*ible cofts and charges of taking, keeping, and felling fuch diftrefs and diftreffes, he and they paying the overplus arifing by fuch fide, if #ny, to the perfon or perfons who fhall work, fail* or ply iq fuch lighter, gabbard, wherry, or boat.

XXVII.	A°d for the more effeftually clennfing of the faid harbour ; be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That all ballaft that frail from henceforth be put on board any frip or veffej. within the feid harbour, purfuant to the directions pf this aft, frail be taken out of fuch part or parts only of the faid harbour as fhall from time to time be direfted by the officer or officers to be appointed by the faift corporation for that purpofe; and that no ballaft fhall be earned from one frip to fupply another, and that no ballaft fhall be thrown out of any frip into the laid port or river, upon pain of forfeiting for every of {he faid offences, the fum ot five pounds, fo be recovered and levied as herein after direfted, one half to b<? paid to the perfon who fhall give information thereof,

^nd the other to the faid corporation.

XXVIII.	And to the end that fuch lighters which frail

be employed by the faid ballaft office, may give good attend- ...............

Wfe \9 fa feryiqe of the (aid office $ be i% enafted by the c wry any goods^

7	authority

BstUaft to be taken out of parts of harbour us directed by officer.

Lightersem-ployed by ballad-office not to

Digitized by v^-ooQle

3&	The	thirty-fourth	TeSr	of George III.

authority aforefaid, That no lighter or lighters taken into the fervice of the faid ballaft-oflice, fhall at any time carry any goods, wares, or merchandizes of any fort to or from any fhip or fhips, veflel or veffels in the faid port or harbour, on pain of forfeiting treble the value of the gabardage or portage of fuch goods or merchandizes, to the party that (hall difeover the fame, to be recovered as herein after dire&ed.	*

XXIX.	And in order that a fuffieient number of fkilful to appoint pilots piiots may ]jC appointed to take charge of (hips or veffels JJich vuLgetby tra^ing to the faid port, and in order that the condu& of fhips employing fuch pilots to be appointed, may be properly regulated ; be them, as (hall be it ena&ed by.the authority aforefaid, That from and after ascertained by the palling of this a£, it fhall and may be lawful to and for corporation. the C0rp0ration, or any feven or more of them prefent at any meeting as aforefaid, and they are hereby empowered -from time to time to licenfe and appoint during their will and plcafure fuch number of fkilful pilots for the purpofe afore-faid, as they fhall think expedient, who arc to be paid fuch wages and falaries by the (hips or veffels who fhall require the fame, as fhall be aicertained by the faid corporation ; and that the faid corporation may, and they are hereby empowered to appoint and authorize a proper perfon to be treasurer within the faid port and harbour, and alfo a proper perfon to be fecretary within faid port and harbour, if luch fecre-tary fhall be thought neceflary, and alfo proper perfons to be, and ad as haven-mafter, ballaft-mafter, and pilot-mafter, in cafe they fhall judge it expedient as aforefaid, within the faid port and harbour, which faid feveral officers fhall continue in their refpedive offices during the will and pleafure of the faid corporation, at and under the yearly wages and falaries herein after mentioned ; that is to fay, to the treafurer of the faid port and harbour, any fum not exceeding the fum of fix-pence per pound per annum for all fuch fums of money as. he fhall receive by virtue of his faid office ; to the faid fecretary any fum not exceeding ten pounds per ann\im ; to the havcn-mafler, ballafl-mafler, and pilot-mafter, any fum or fums of money not exceeding in the whole the fum of forty pounds per annum ; and that the faid haven-mafter fhall as the duty and buflnefs for which his faid falary is to be paid to him, take pare that buoys and floating perche* fhall be placed and conftantly kept up in fuch part of parts of the faid harbour, as the laid corporation fhall from time to time appoint, for the better diredlion and feciirity of thq navigation to and from the faid harbour, and fhall alfo regulate and ftation the trading fhips, veffels and lighters, withiu the faid harbour, and the faid pilot-mafter fhaP and bufinefs for which fuch his falary is to be

, as the quty paid to hinl.

fuperinteu^

A. D.

1794-Chap. 2 6.

&cc. under penalty of treble gabardage.

Corporation

The thirty-fourth Tear of George IIL.	3f

fuperintend the condu& of the feveral pilots to be appointed A* as aforefaid, and from time to time to report the fame to the 1794.

(aid corporation.	Chap.	26.

XXX* A nd for the better enabling the faid haven-mafter fo to regulate the fame ; be it enadted by the authority afore- Powers vrft* laid, Tnat it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid havc** haven-mafter to order and caufe to be placed and removed,

(hip >s or veflels within the faid harbour, where fuch fhips or 'Veficls can more conveniently moor or lie, or ought to lie j and in cafe any mailer or owner of* fuch fhip or veflel, (hall jeftife removiug as aforefaid, and continue fo to do for tha lpace of oue hour pext after receiving fuch order from the faid haven-mafter, t{ien and in that cafe it (hall and may be lawful for the faid haven-mafter to hire and employ proper perfons to remove fuch (hip or veffel to fuch part or place in the faid harbour, as the laid haven-mafter (hall appoint; and, that the expence or hire of fuch perfons fo to be employed in the faid iervice, (hall be paid and borne by the mafter or owner of faid fhip or veflel, together with a fum not exceeding forty (hillings, as a fine or penalty to be recovered, as herein after dire&ed, and be paid before any clearance or difeharge fhall be allowed or granted for fuch fhip or veflel j and alfo that the faid haven-mafter fhall and may, and is hereby empowered in cafes of uigent neceffity, and for preventing the lofs of any fhip or veffel, to cut the rope or cable of any other fhip or veflel lyirig within the faid port or harbour of Wexford, not being any of his Majefty’s fhips of war, or employed in the fervice of his Majefty’s revenue gf cuftojns or excife which fhall obftruft the navigation, or endanger the fafety of any other veflel, and the faid haven-mafter is hereby alfo empowered to remove timber in rafts floating upon any part of the faid harbour, where it may appear that the lame may in any manner obttrudt or impedev the free navigation of fhips and veflels in the faid harbour, and to remove wrecks and all other obftrudtions and impediments in the faid navigation, which may from time to; time be in or upon the faid harbour, the expence of remove, ing which timber, wrecks, and other obftrudfcions fhall be	;

paid by the owner or owners of fuch timber, wrecks, or other matters, caufing fuch obftruftion or. obftrudlions as . aforefaid ; and in cafe fuch owner or owners fhall refufe to pay the fame, or if no Aich owner or owners fhall appear,.

Die haven-mafter is hereby direfted to report the fame to the faid corporation, and the faid corporation is hereby em-. powered thereupon to ifliie their warrant, empowering fi|ch^ haven-mafter to fell by publick cant, fuch timber, wrecks, or other matters, or any of them, or fo much thereof as (hall be fuffleienkto pay the expcnces of removing the fapie

Digitized by kjOOQie

Penalty on

obftrnding ha-ven-mader in his duty.

A floating buoy to be faf-tened to each anchor, penalty 19s. and 209. for every 24 hours.

The thirty-fourth Tear of George Ilf.

Ift aforefaid, and after paying and defraying fuch expence% the faid haven-madcr (hall return the overplus of the money arifing by fuch fale, if any, to fuch perfon or perfoos as (ball appear to be the owner or owners of luch timber, wrecks, ojr other matters refpedlively,

XXXI.	And be it ena&cd by the authority aforefaid. That if ihe faid haven-mailer (hall be obdrufled or ill-treated, by any perfon or perfons in the execution of his duty or bufmefs, 'or in the doing of any matter or thing which he is by this a£l empowered to do, fuch perfon or perfons (hall feveradly pay for every fuch offence, any fum not exceeding the fum of five pounds, to be recovered and levied as herein after mentioned.

XXXII.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, ^That if the mailer or commander of any (hip or veffel which (hall cad anchor within the faid harbour, (hall not immedi- ( ately on fo doing, tie or fallen, or cauie to be tied or faf-tened, a buoy to fuch anchor, in fuch manner as tfiat the faid buoy (halj float in a confpicuous manner, fo as that it may be plainly and eafily feen in what place fuch Anchor has been cad, fuch madcr or.commander (hall for every fuch offence or negicdt, forfeit and pay the fum of ten Shillings, and (hall over and befides the fame, forfeit and pay the fum of twenty (hillings, for every twenty-four hours fuch anchor fhall remain without fuch buoy being tied or failened thereto, as aforefaid, the faid penalties to be recovered and levied in fuch manner, as is herein after dire£!cd, and paid to the perfon who fhall give fuch information of fuch offence or negleft; the enforcing of which faid penalties (hall not in any manner affeft any remedy which any perfon or perfout fhall or may have by a&ion or otherwife, againd fuch maf-ter or commander, for any damage or injury which may be done to fuch perfon or peifons, by means of fuch ueglecl as aforefaid,

XXXIII.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, eat away buoys, That if any perfon or perfons, (except thofe who may be ropes &c. or lawfully empowered for that purpoie,) (hall w'ilfully cut away veflelsfrom any buoy or buoys, rope or ropes from any anchor in the nmiag^flsc. feid harbour, or cad loofe, or cut away any lhip, lighter, veffel or wherry, from its moorings, or deface or take away any floating buoy or perch, or lyiown fea mark, every fuch perfon convi&ed thereof, upon the oath of two or more credible witneffes, before tpe chief magiffratc of the faid town of Wexford, or any juftice of the peace for the county of Wexford, (hall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds, the lame to be recovered and levied in like manner, as other penalties are dirc&ed by (his ad to be recovered and levied.

Perfons who

XXXIV, And

The thirty-fourth Tear of GeQrge IIL

XXXIV.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That if any lioenfed pilot as aforefeid, who (hall go on board any (hip or veffel going into, or coming out of the {aid harbour, for the purpofe of piloting the fame, (hall wilfully, or in any manner negledfc or refufe to perform his duty in piloting fuch veffel, fo as to caufe any unneceffaiy delay or injury to fuch (hip or veffel, and (hall be thereof convicted on the oaths of two or more credible witneffes, before the chief magiftrate of the find town of Wexford, or anvjuf-tice of the peace for the county of Wexford, fucfi pilot (hall for any fuch offence, forfeit fuch fum as fuch chief magiftrate or juft ice of the peace (hall think fit, not exceeding five pounds, to be levied off the goods and chattels of fuch pilot, by warrant under the hand of fuch chief magiftrate or juftice of the peace ; and if no fufficient diftrefs can be had to pay the faid forfeiture, then fuch chief mag ill rate or justice of the peace i* hereby required to commit fuch pilot tp the common gaol of the laid county, for fuch time as fuch chief magiftrate or juftice of the peace (hall think fit, not exceeding one month*

XXXV.	And in order to enable the faid corporation tp give due and fuflicient encouragement to perfona a&ing as pilots as afortfaid, to be adtive and diligent in their duties as fuch ; be it enadled by the authority afoiefaid. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the (aid corporation, to appoint any yearly fum or,films of money to be p^iid to fuch fuperannuutcd or fickly pilots, as they (hall think pro-

er, and to the widow and widows of any pilots who (fiall

ave been drpwned or loft, in {he difeharge of his or their duty as fuch ; provided all fuch firms together, ihall not exceed in the whole, the fum of thirty pounds in any one year ; and alfo from time to time, to grant and pay any pilot or pilots, any Turn or fums of money they (hall thinjc inch pilot or pilots may deferve, for any extraordinary Tcr-vice performed by them, all fuch films (hall be paid out of the payments, rates, duties and revenues, which (hall arife by this act.

XXXVI.	And to the end that all and every fum and furps pf money which fhall ai ffe apd be levied from time to time, by force and virtue of this adt, may be properly applied to the purpofe* of this adt; be it enadled by the authority aforefaid, That the faid corporation (hall, once in every year, lay before the commilfionei s of impreft accounts, a true and perfedt account of all and every fum and fums of monty which (hall be received or levied as aforefaid* within the year immediately preceding the furpilhing of fuch account, and how, and in what particular manner the fame (hall have teen applied, which account (hall be fo furpifhed under the

M

c

4*

A. D.

1794-

Chap. 26.

A licenfed pilot neglc^ing to do his duty, penalty 5I,

Corporation may grant annuities to fuper-annuated pilots, as herein.

Corporation to lay an account annually, before com. of impreft accounts.

The thtrty-fourth Tear of George III.

No fees or rewards to be taken by offi-etn, except as kcitku

Corporation m»f iiireit officers to give fe-enrity, which fcenrity fliall be binding.

fed of the faid corporation ; and the faid corporation it hereby further empowered to order and dired to be paid to any pilot or pilots, who (hall adually pDot any (hip or (hips into, or out of the faid harbour of Wexford, fuch fum or fum*, a9 according to the rate of pilotage to be appointed by the faid corporation to be paid for the piloting fhips, (hall appear to be due and payable to him or them for fuch adual pilotage ; and the faid corporation is hereby farther empowered tp afeertain, order, and dired to be paid out of the monies arifing by this ad, to any feaman or perfon, who though not ading as a licenfed pilot or pilots, (hall in time of diftrefs, aid, affift, or take charge of any fhip or veffel bound into, or out of the faid harbour of Wexford* any fum or fums they (hall think fit, as an extraordinary reward, over and above any fum or fums which fuch fea-men or perfons may otherwife by law be entitled to receive.

XXXVII.	And be it enadedby the authority aforefaid* That no officer or officers, w ho (hall be employed in the execution of any of the powers of this ad, fti?ll take or accept from any perfon or perfons whomfoever, any fee or per-quifite, gratuity or reward, for, or in refped of any matter to be done by him in the execution of any of the purpofes of this ad, fave fuch as (hall be ordered or direded by. the faid corporation, to be paid to fuc pilot or pilots as afore-faid ; and that if any§ luch officer (hall offend herein, he fhall be immediately thereupon difmiflcd from fuch employment or office, ard be for ever afterwards rendered incapable of holding or executing any office or employment undti? the faid corporation.

XXXVIII.	And whereas the faid corporation may find it necefTary and proper, that the officers to be eleded, nominated and appointed as aforefaid, or fome of them, (hould, give and enter into fecurity, for the faithful and honeft dif-chargc of the duties of tne office or offices to which fuclv officer or officers (hall be ^appointed 5 be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful^ to and for the faid corporation, by any bye-law, rule, order, or regulation, to be entered into by them, according to the diredions of this ad, to dired and appoint any fuch offieer or officers as they (hall think proper, to give fecurity in fuch form, and payable to fuch perfon or perfons, and conditioned in fuch manner, as the faid corporation (hall, by fuch bye-law, rule, order or regulation dired and appoint ^ and that all and every the fccurities and fecurity which (hall be entered into by any perfon or perfons purfuant to fuch bye-law, rule, order or regulation, (hall be valid, binding and effedual to all intents and purpofes, as if the form,

manner*

The thirty-fourth Year of George III.

4S

manlier, and condition of fuch fecurities or fecurity, were A- D. fpecified in this aft.	1794.

XXXIX.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, Chap. 26. That the faid corporation is hereby authorized and required W *~y^**j to hear, try, and determine in a fummary manner, all offen- Comrztkm ces, and breaches of any claufe or article in this prefent ad:	try otkncem

contained, other than fuch 38 are by this prefent ad apr in a fummary pointed to be otherwife heard and determined, and for that mT> ■w* “7 purpofe on any notice, complaint, or information of any 1'uch offence, or breach, as aforefaid, being laid before them, to fummon the party or parties fo complained of, and all fuch witneffe8 as may be neceffary to appear before them, by fummons in writing under the hand of any officer to be by them thereunto appointed, to be left at the ufual place of abode of fuch party or witneffes, at lcaft twenty-four hours before the time which ihall be appointed for fuch trial, and to examine all fuch witneffes upon oath in the prefence of the party who (hall be accufed, if fuch party accufed fhall appear; and in cafe fuch party accufed, being fummoned, fhall not appear, the faid corporation is hereby authorized to proceed as if fuch party had been prefent, and to examine into the matter of fuch notice, complaint, or information, and any fuch offence, or breach of any fuch claufe or artide as aforefaid, in this aft contained, being proved by the voluntary confeffion of the party, or by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, who fhall be fwom, to give teftimony on fuch trial, the faid corporation is hereby authorized and required to give fuch judgment and fentence accordingly, a6 in and by this aft is direfted and appointed, and afterwards to iffue warrant of diftrefs, under the feal of the faid corporation, to be direfted to fuch perfon or per-fons as they fhall think fit, for the levying of any forfeiture, fine, or penalty inflifted or impofed by this prefent aft for fuch offence and breach thereof which fhall be fo proved as aforefaid, by diffraining the goods and chattels of the party againft whom fuch judgment and fentence has been given as aforefaid ; and if the goods and chattels which fhall be dif-trained by virtue of fuch warrant, fhall not be redeemed within feven days after the fame fhall be fo diffrained, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid corporation to direft the fame to be fold by publick cant, or fo much thereof, at fhall be Efficient to pay fuch forfeiture, fine, or penalty, and the overplus (if any) fhall be returned to the party fo diffrained 9, and if the perfon or perfons to whom fuch warrant fhall be direfted, cannot find fufficient diftrefs to anfwer or pay fuch forfeiture, fine,-or penalty, then upon proof made upon oath thereof by fuch perfon or perfons, the faid



^Digitized by

i

Corporation

empowered to adminiilcr o&ths.

Perfops who refufc to appear, and give evidence, forfeit • loL

Corporation may borrow 6000I. at legal intereft.

The thirty-fourth Tear of George III.

fending to the common gaol of the faid county, there to remain for the fpace of one month, or until fuch forfeiture* fine, or penalty, (hall be paid ; and upon proof as aforefaid, that no fufficient diftrefs can be found to fatisfy any forfeits e, fine, or penalty impofed by this aft, not exceeding five pounds, it {hall and may be lawful ^to and for the faid corpoTation, by warrant as aforefaid, to commit the party fo offending, to the houfe of correftion, there to be kept at hard labour for any fpace of time they (hall think proper, not exceeding three weeks.

XL. And be it cnafted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid corporation are, and is hereby empowered to ad* minifter fuch oath or oaths as aforefaid, to all and every wit-nefs or witneffes, to be produced before them on any fuch trial as aforefaid.

XLI. And be it enafted by the authority aforelaid, That if any perfon or perfons duly fummowed as aforefaid, to be a witnefs or witneffes, and give teftimony on any fuch trial a* aforefaid, fhall negleft or refufe to appear before the faid corporation as aforefaid, or appearing, fhall refufe to make oatn as aforefaid, or making oath fhall refufe to anfwer fuch queflions as fhall be demanded of him or them, touching the matters in queflion, he or they fhall for every time fo offending, forfeit the fum of ten pounds, to be levied by diftrefr and fale of the offender’s goods, by warrant to be iffued for that purpofe, under the feal of the faid corporation.

XLI I. And whereas the faid corporation may find it ne-cefTary, in order to enable them the more effeftuaHy to carry into execution the purpofes of this aft, tp borrow one or more fum or fums of money upon the credit qf the tonage, rates, or duties to arife by this aft, be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid corporation to take up and borrow upon the credit of the faid tonage, rates, or duties, any fum qr funfis of money, not exceeding in the whole the fum of fix thou-fand pounds at any' rate of intereft not exceeding the legal intereft of money, at the time or times of borrowing fu^h fum or fums refpeftively, for which purpofe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid corporation to ifTye debentures under their feal for the fum or fums of money fo to be borrowed in fuch manner and form as the faid corporation by any bye-laws to be entered into by them purfuaitt to the directions of this aft, fhall appoint, which debentures, and the fums therein refpeftively contained, fhall be aftnal charges and liens upon the faid tonage, rates, or duties, or fo much thereof as fhall be fpecified ip {hch debentures re* fpeftively.

f r	XL III-	Ml

The thirty-fourth Tear of George III.	4$

XLIIt. And whereas the faid corporation may find it	A* D

neccffary for the accommodation of the faid bar and harbour,	. 1794.

and more effe&ual making of the faid quays and docks, and Chap. 26. the improvement thereof, and for making and widening	l

avenues thereto, to purchafe one or more piece or pieces of Corporation ground for that purpofe, be it enadted by the authority may find it ne-aforefaid, That all the powers veiled by an a£fc made in the ceffary to pur-tweoty-fixth year of. the reign of his prefent Majefty, en-titled, An ad for promoting the trade of DubTm, by rendering * 3 its port and harbour more commodious, for the purpofe of purchafing grounds as therein mentioned, fhall and may be hereby vetted in the faid comtniifioners herein before appointed, or any feven or more of them, and their fuccefiors, and that all and fingular the claufes contained therein refpec-tively, with refpedk to purchafing of ground as aforefaid, fhall be in Ml force with refpedl to the purchafing of faid plot or plots of ground within the faid town of Wexford,

-or the fuburbs thereof, as the fame are given and granted by the faid laft mentioned ad of parliament to the commiifioners therein named.

XL.lv'. And whereas the making of floating and graving Making of docks for the building, fafe lying, and repair of (hipping, floating and in the faid harbour of Wexford, will be of great advantage to the trade of faid town, and of public utility, be it cxPCJlUVC* further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That in confide-ration of the great charges and expences of making, building, ere&ing, and providing fuck floating and graving docks,

•and works, and fupporting, maintaining, and keeping the fame in repair there, there fhall be payable and paid unto the faid corporation, and their fucceffors, or to their col-ledors, or deputies, for their ufe, by the matter, commander, owner or owners of every fhip or vefTel coming into, or going out of faid docks, or on leaving or putting on

• fhore, or loading, or taking on board any goods, wares, or merchandizes within the faid d icks, the fcreral rates and duties herein after mentioned and preferibed, that is to fay, for every fhip or veffcl coming ijito the faid floating docks, any fum not exceeding the rate of fixpence per ton on the burthen or tonage of fuch fhip or veflel; and for every fhip or vefTel coming into, or ufing the faid graving docks/ upon

■ the tonage or burthen of every fuch fhip or vcffcl, fuch graving docks, rates, and payments, as are paid or received, or allowed to be taken or received by the Royal Canal Company, under, and by virtue of an acf patted in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of his prelent Majefly, entitled.

An ad to enable the Royal Canal Company to make docks on tfje

*	north fide of the river Liffiy ; which Several rates and duties

4	;	lhall

Digitized by CjOOQle

The thirtf-fourth Tear of George III.

fiiall be, and the fame are hereby yelled in the faid company for the purpofes aforefaid.

XLV. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid* That any (hip or veffel entering the faid dock*, and remaining therein for any fpace of time longer than twenty-one (hall at	of tbe ft™- ten day* be liable

11	to, and (hall pay to the faid company dockage a fecond time afocondtime* ^the rate* aforefaid, and fo on from time to time at the after firll io, commencement of every fucceeding ten day* fo long as (aid and fo on. fhip or veffel (hall remain in faid dock*.

Corporation XLV I. And be it further enaded by the authority afbre-mayraife and laid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid takeaway mate- corporation, from time to time, to*raife, take and carry away wherefoever the fame (hall, or may be found* all'kind* ' of material* of (lone*, lime, earth, fods, or other things, for the purpofe of building and ereding of faid quay*, wharfs, or docks, or for filling the fame, or for making embankment* in or about the faid harbour; provided that a reasonable compenfation (hall be made to the owner* or occupier* of fuch grounds for any exceffive wafle or damage that (had or may be occafioned by the railing, taking, or carrying away of the hud materials, or any of them.

6ontnufts for XLVII. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, building, &c. to That all and every contrad or contrads which (hall or may be made by pub- be qeceflary to be made for the purpofe of building and lie auction. ereding the faid quay or quays, wharf or wharfs, dock or docks, or the deepening, widening, and cleaning the faid bar, port, or harbour, (hall be made and done by public audion by the faid corporation, from time to time, to the perfon or perfons who (hall take the lame upon the moft reafonable terms, provided that fuch contrad* (hall not be made until eight clear days previous notice (hall be given, and that advertisements for that purpofe (hall be pofted on the mod public places of the faid town or harbour of Wexford, or in the Wexford newfpaper ; and that fuch notice* (hall mention the particular work or works, contrad or contrads, then propofed or intended to be Set up at (aid audion.

Cfcaya not to XLVIII- And be it further enaded by the authority be left than 60, aforefaid, That all quay or quays, which (hall be hereafter nor more than ^U1jt |n the faid town and harbour of Wexford, (hall not be ectwi • lefg than lixty feet, nor more than eighty feet wide at the top thereof.

XLIX. And whereas the faid corporation may find ft ncceflary for the accommodation of the faid pilots, and for the convenience and Safety of the (hipping coming in or going out of faid harbour, to cred a pilot-houfe on or near tome part of the lands called the fort of Rofslear, at the

entrance

Vcflels that

Digitized by L^OOQle

The thirty-fourth Tear of George III.

4*

-entrance of the harbour to the town, or on the oppofite A. D. fhore of faid harbour called the Raven ; be it enafted by 1794. the authority aforefaid, That the faid corporation fhall or Chap. 26. may rent or purchafe as they fhall Judge expedient, a plot ©r piece of ground on or near the faid lands, called the fort Corooration of Rofslear, or on or near the faid place, called the Raven, nuyt^cCTound on the oppofite fhore, not exceeding two acres for the R^n°for purpofes aforefaid, and fhall and may thereon build and pilot-houfe. creft an houfe for the accommodation of fuch pilots as fhall be from time to time aftually licenfed or employed iu the fervice of the faid corporation.

L. And whereas the praftice of drudging for oyfters carried on in faid bay and harbour of Wexford, tends to the injury of thefifhery thereof; therefore be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons fhall from penalty oa and after the palling of this aft, be found drudging for drudging for oyfters^ between the nrft day of May, and fir ft day or Sep-	band<iS

tember, in every- year, within the faid bay, (that is to fay,) septembw! 1 between the point of Grenore on the South, and Balline-fker on the North, fuoh perfon or perfons fhall on proof thereof made before the mayor of the faid town, or any one ©r more of the juftices of the peace of the county of Wexford, contiguous to the faid harbour, forfeit the fum of five pounds, one moiety of the laid fum of five pounds to be applied to the ufe of this aft, and the other moiety thereof to go to the ufe of fuch perfon or perfons as fhall firft fue for the fame.

LI. And whereas from time immemorial, by the efta- Cuftom blifhed ufage and cuftom of proceeding by attachment proceeding by againft the goods and chattels of defendants in the court of attachment, Ac. record, of the faid town of Wexford, for the recovery of debts, dues, and demands, the goods and chattels taken under fuch attachments, were held in cuftody by the water-bailiff, or feijeants at mace of the faid town, until the defendant entered good and fufficient fpecial bail in the faid court of record, to pay what fhould be adjudged to the plaintiff on the trial of the caufe.

LII. And whereas the faid cuftom of proceeding in the CTftom faid court of record by attachment, hath been found highly hasbUnbemc-. beneficial, and of the greatell utility to the merchants, ficiaL traders, and inhabitants of the laid town of Wexford, and hath tended to the eftablifhment of public credit in that town; be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That the laid cuftom of proceeding in the faid court of record by attachment, be hereby confirmed and eflablifhed.

LIII. And whereas a court of confcience to be held be- A court of

the mavor of the fair) tnwn r\f Wp»fnrr) fnr the time COnfcitflCC Will

Digitized by

Google

48	The thirty fourth Teat of George	III.

mayor of Wexford, or his deputy have power to determine caufes, ficc.

None to be confined more than a months for aos or 4 months for 40s.

Laws for regulating the price and afiize of bread, dec.

N

debts between party and party, under the value of fortjr (hillings, will be of great nfe and advantage to the inhabitants of the faid town and the liberties thereof ; be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That in all times" hereafter, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four, the mayor of the town of Wexford aforefaid for the time being, or his deputy, (hall for ever hereafter have full power and authority to hear and finally determine caufes in all fmall debts between party and party, under the value of forty (hillings, within the laid town and liberties refpe&ively, and moreover (hall for ever hereafter have and exercife all the powers, authorities, and jurifdi&iont, within the faid town of Wexford, and liberties thereof; and (hall and may ifTue fuch pro-cefs from time to time, againft the body or goods of the defendant or defendants, in cafe of a decree againft fuch defendant or defendants, for the recovery of all fums fo decreed, as have been heretofore had, excrcifed, or enjoyed by the mayor or prefident of the court of confidence within the city of Waterford, or by the prefident of the court of confciencc within the city of Dubliu, by any ufage or cuftom within (aid cities refpeclively, or by any ftatute whatfoever.

LLV. Provided always. That no perfon (hall be longer confined by virtue of any ^warrant, commitment, or execution by the faid mayor of Wexford, or his deputy, under fuch authority or jurifdi&ion in the faid court of confidence, for any debt not exceeding in the whole twenty (hillings, than two months, to be computed from the day of fuch commitment; and that no perfon (hall be louger confined by the authority aforefaid, for any debt not exceeding forty (hillings, for more than the term of four months, to be computed as above ; and that from and after the refpe&ive determinations of fuch confinements, the debt or debts for which fuch perfon or perfons (hall have been £» confined, (hall be totally difchai ged, to all intents and pur-pofes, as if fuch debtor o/r debtors had actually paid the fame.

LV. And whereas the laws for regulating the price and aftize of bread, and for better regulating the markets and bakers, have been found by experience to be very ufeful, and great frauds and abufes are daily committed in the markets of faid town of Wexford, for the want of fuch laws ; be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, ose thoufand feven hundred and ninety four, all the powers veiled in the corporation of the city of Waterford, in and by an a& paffed in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth

years

Digitized by Google

The ferry to

The thirty-fourth Tear of George III.

years of the reign of his prefent Majefly, entitled, An aS for better regulating the police of the city of Waterford, fo far as the fame relates to the regulating markets and bakers mall extend to the faid town of Wexford, and be confidered as part of this aft.

LVI. And whereas the ferry or paflage over the river Slaney, at or near the faid town of Wexford, to Ferry- Ferry-bank, an4 bank-fide, and the ferry ol* paflage at or near the ferry of J?e Carrig, over faid river, are often attended with much dan- Jj*’ ^ ger and delay to the paflengers, and are at times rendered impaffable, and the. building a bridge or bridges over the faid parts of the faid river Slaney, .will tend much to the public benefit, by opening proper communications between the oppofi^e fides of the faid river, and the faid town of Wexford, and the country adjacent thereto ; be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That immediately after this prefent aft fhall pafs into a law, the faid corporation (hall open open^bfirip* two feparate fubferiptions, one for building a bridge over tjwns for build-the river Slaney, at or near the faid town of Wexford,* ing bridges at and as near the prefent ferry as circumftances will admit, faid places, the other for building a bridge over the faid river, at or near the faid ferry of Carrig, which faid fubferiptions (hall be kept open until the fum of twelve thoufand pounds (hall be fubferibed, for the purpofc of building faid bridge, at or near the faid town of Wexford, and until the fum of feven thoufand pounds fhall/be fubferibed, for the purpofe of building the faid bridge at Ferry Carrig, in manner as hereafter mentioned. s

LVII. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid,	of	fub-

That the perfon or perfons fo fubferibing to either of the feription to be faid bridges, fhall, at the time of entering into fuch fub- deposited, feription, pay down and depofit with fuch perfon or per-fops as (bail be appointed for that purpofe by faid corporation one-fifth part of the fum fo fubferibed, and in default of fuch payment, the fubicription of every perfon fo failing fhall become abfolutely void to all intents and purpofes y and faid corporation fhall open a new fubfeription for filling up fuch deficiency, until the faid fum of twelve thoufand pounds in the whole, fhall be fubferibed, and a depofite of one-fifth part thereof, fhall be made thereupou, towards build- ' ing the faid bridge, at or near the faid town of Wexford, and until the faid fum of feven thoufand pounds in the whole, fhall be fubfcribed< and a depofite of one-fifth part thereof, fhall be made thereupon, towards building the faid -	'

bridge, at or near the ferry of Carrig, as aforefaid. *

. LVIII. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, Kolrfsthan That no perfon or perfons fhall be permitted to fubferibe 50I to be f Ji-Voi<*.X.	D	towards	leribed.

1

Digitized by v^ooQle

s«

The thirty-fourth Tear of Georgr III.

A. D-* 1794-Chap 20*

Subfcribers (h-ill become a comoany when

j-yth i*paick

. towards cither of the (aid undertakings, lefs than the fum of fifty pounds.

LIX And be it cna&ed by the authority aforefaid. That as foon as cme-fifth part of the fum fubferibed towards building the faid bridge, at or near the faid town of Wexford, (hall be paid as aforefaid, fuch fubferibers (hall be created and united into one company for building faid bridge, and from thenceforth be one body politic and corporate, by the name of the commiflioners for building a bridge over the river Sidney, at or near the town of Wexford ; and as foon as one-fifth part of the fum fubferibed towards building the faid Jmdg'e St cf^ near Ferry Carrig, (hall be paid as aforefaid, fuch fubferibers (hall alfo be united into one company, for building the faid bridge over the river Slaney, at or near Ferry Carrig, by the name of the commiflioners for building a bridge over the river Slaney, at or near the ferry of Carrig ; arid each of faid corpora-* tions (hall have perpetual fucceflion, and (hall have each a common fcal, and (hall refpe&ively fue and be fued by their refpeclive name and names as aforefaid, and from thenceforth by virtue of this aft, the faid commiflioners for budding faid bridge, at or near the faid town of Wexford, (hall be fully empowered to defign, aflign and lay out in what manner or place faid bridge is to be built, with proper portcullis for the free paflage of (hips and veffels navigating faid river Slaney, from the harbour of \Vexford, to the town of Ennifcorthy, and the faid commiflioners for building faid bridge at Ferry Carrig, (hall alfo be empowered to defign, aflign, and lay out in what manner and place faid bridge at Ferry Carrig (hnll be built, under the rdlrittions herein before mentioned, and with the like proper portcullis therein, to permit the free paflage of all veflels navigating faid river as aforefaid ; provided that twenty-one days previous notice (hall be given in the Wexford and Waterford news-papers, and alfo in fome one of the news-papers publifhed in the city of Dublin, of the day on which the feite of faid bridge intended to he built at or near the faid town of Wexford, is to be determined; and that like notice fliall be given of the day on which the feite of the laid bridge intended to be built at or near Ferry Carrig, is to be determined ; and that the faid commiflioners for building the faid bridge at or near the faid town of Wexford, and their fucceftors, and the faid commiflioners for building the faid bridge at or near Ferry Carrig, and their fucceflors, (hall by themfelves, their agents, overfeers, workmen and fervants, be fully empowered to build, carry on, and complete faid bridge and bridges refpe&ivcly ; and alfo fhall be capable in law, by their refpedtive name and names as aforefaid, to take 4	fccurity

Dit • red by Google

The thirty-fourth Year of George III.

fecurity for any Cum or fums of money due, or to be due to cither of the faid corporations, in their refpedtive corporate capacities as aforefaid, and for peiformance of any agreement entered into with them, or either of them refpe&ively, for the due execution of any power or authority committed to any perfon or perfons concerned in either of the faid bridges, or the tolls or duties thereof, and alfo to enter into, and execute all fuch contradts and agreements, as (hall be necefiary for, or relative to the carrying the purpofes of this adt into execution.

L.X. And be it eua&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the fum or fums to be raifed for the purpofe of building each or either of the faid bridges, (hall be raifed by debentures of not lefs than fifty pounds, each of which debentures (hall and are hereby made transferable.

1*XI. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That Dividends of the perfon or perfons fo fubferibing to the faid bridge, in- fubfeription tp tended to be built at or near the town of Wexford, as afore- he paid, laid, fiiall be obliged to pay the refidue of the fum or fums by him, her, or them, fo reflectively fubferibed, in fuch fhare* and dividends, and at fuch time or times, as the faid commifiioners for building faid bridgt (hall diredt and appoint, until the whole fum or fums by him, her, or them, fo refpedtively fubferibed, (hall be paid, or fuch parts thereof as faid eommiffioners (hall require, towards fmifhing faid bridge; and that all perfons fo fubferibing 'to the faid bridge, intended to be built at or near the faid town of Wexford, as aforefaid, fhall receive a debenture or debentures, for the fum or fums by him, her, or them fo paid, which debenture or debentures are refpedlively to be numbered, figned and fealed.bythe faid commifiioners, for building faid bridge at or near the town of Wexford, or their fuccefibrs, or any five or more of them, and entered in a book or regiiter to be kept for that purpofe ; and that the perfon or perfons fo fubferibing to the laid bridge, intended to be built at or near the ferry of Carrig, (hall alfo be obliged to pay the refidue of the fum or fums by him, her, or them, fo refpectively fubferibed, in fuch (hares and dividends, and at fuch time or times, as the faid com- '	*

inifiioners for building faid bridge at Ferry Carrig, (hall direct and appoint, until the whole fum or fums by him, her, or them, fo refpe&ively fubferibed, (hall be paid, or fuch parts thereof, as faid commifiioners for faid works (hall require ; and that each and every perfon fo fubferibing to the faid bridge, at or near Ferry Carrig, fiiall receive a debenture or debentures, for the fum or fums by him or her fo paid, which debenture or debentures are refpedively- to be numbered, figned, and feaied, by faid commifiioners,

D 2,	for

Sums to be raifed on debentures.

Digitized by L,ooQle

5*

The thirty-fourth Tear of George III.

for building faid bridge, at or near the ferry of Carrig, or their fuccefTors, or any 6ve or more of them, and entered in a book, or regifter to be kept for that purpofe.

LXIi. And in as much as the crefting and building faid bridges lo intended to be built, and the repairing, preferring, watchino, lighting, and fupporting the fame, and pur-chafrflg fuch ground for the feite thereof, as alfo the intereft of the pitfent proprietor or proprietors in faid ferries, mu(l be attended with conliderable cxpence ; he it enabled by the Cotnmiffioners author! tv afore laid, That it lhall and may be lawful for the comm if*; oners for building faid bridge, at or near the faid town of Wtxford, as aforefaid, and their fuccefTors, their heirs and afligns, or fuch other perfon or perfons as fhall become undertakers for building of faid bridge, in purfuance of the powers given by this aft, or the majority of them, and they are hereby empowered and authorized to take and receive, or caufe to be taken and received, by way of toll, before any paflage over the faid bridge fhall be permitted, any fum which the faid commiflioners for building the faid bridge near the faid town of Wexford, or their fuccefTors, tlreir heirs or afligns, or fuch other perfons fo to be autho-rifed and appointed as aforefaid, or the majority of them, at any meeting or meetings fhall direft, not exceeding fuch toll as the proprietors of the faid ferry, or thofe deriving under them now take and receive, for pafiing the fame ; and that it fhall and mav be lawful to and for faid commiflioners

authorized to take tylls lor palTing over bridge*.

for building faid bridge, at or near Ferry Carrig, as aforefaid, and tiieir fuccefTors, their heirs and afligns, or fuch other perfon or perfons as fhall become undertakers for building the faid bridge, at or near Ferry Carrig, in purfuance of the powers given by this aft, or the majority of them, and they are hereby empowered and authorized to take and receive, or caufe to be taken and received by way of toll, before any paflage over the faid bridge, at or near Ferry Carrig, fhall he permitted, any fum which the commiflioners for building the faid bridge at or near faid ferry of Carrig, or their fuccefTors, their heirs or afligns, or fuch other per-fon^fo to be authorized and appointed as aforefaid, ox the majority of them, at any meeting or meetings fhall direft, not exceeding fuch tolls as the proprietors of the faid ferry of Carrig, or thofe deriving under them now take and receive, for pafiing the fame ; and that the faid corporations, and each of them refpeftively, fhall have fuch power of levying faid feveral tolls by diftrefs, and of erefting toll-houfes and gates, and of impofing fuch penalties for forcing a paf-fage, and for breaking or damaging faid houfes or gates, or faid bridge or bridges, or either of them, or preventing the colkftor6 or other officers in the execution of their refpeftive

duties



Digitized by CjOOQle

'The thirty-fourth Tear of George III.

S3

duties, as are veiled in the commiffioners for building and A. D.

creating a bridge over the river Lee, at the city or Cork, or 1794. over the river Suir, at Waterford, or at the city of London- Chap. 26. derry, or any of them,

LX1II. And be it further enafted by the authority afore- Commiflioncrs, faid, That as foon as the faid commiffioners for building faid when incorpo-bridge at or near the faid town of Wexford, as aforefaid, rated, veiled (hall be fo incorporated as aforefaid, and as foon as the faid Wlt1'ilke P^"8 commiffioners for building the faid bridge at or near Ferry Waterford, or * Carrig, {hall alfo be fo incorporated as aforefaid, the faid Londonderry* corporations, and each of them refpeftively, {hall Hand in-vefted with all fuch powers and authorities in all things whatever, as are by law vetted in the laid commiffioners for building faid bridges over the faid rivers Lee and Suir, and as are vetted in the commiffioners for building a bridge at the city of Londonderry, or any of them, 10 far as the fame are not by this aft otherwife altered or amended.

LXIV. Provided always, That in cafe the faid corpora- If faid bridge* tion or corporations, or any of them, {hall not on or before arc »°t built the expiration of the term of two years, to be computed	;z years,

from the time of paffing this aft, build and ereft the faid Jhallbe tlftcd* bridge or bridges, or caufe the fame to be done, that from \n proprietors of and after the expiration of the faid tern) of two years, the ferries, foie and exclufive right to build and ereft the fame, {hall ab-folutely become vetted in the proprietor or proprietors of the faid ferries, their heirs and affigns.

LXV. And whereas many encroachments are made, and nuifances erefted in the feyeral ftreets and lanes of the faid town of Wexford, and fuburbs thereof, to the great annoyance of the inhabitants \ be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the paffing of this aft, Commiflioner* it {hall and may be lawful to and for the faid corporation, and empowered they are hereby invefted with all the powers of removing all	nul*

encroachments or nuifances whatfoever, as well as of doors, ilairs or cellars, projefting into the ftreets or lanes, pf (hop or cellar windows, window-fhutters, frames, eve-fpouts, pent-houfetf, iheds or Handings, in and upon fuch ftreets or lanes, as n!fo of links, or uncovered ftwers, from kitchens, or from matt-houfes, breweries or diftilleries, in fuch manner as the faid corporation {hall judge fit or expedient; and in cafe any perfon or perfons fhall refufe or nrgleft to remove all fuch doors, flairs, cellars, fliop-windows, window-fhutters, frames, pent-houfes, {helves or Handings, as alfo fuch links or uncovered fewers as aforefaid, notice in writing having been left at the hou^ or place of abode of the perfon or perfons fo required to remove the fame, fourteen days previous to the time he, {he, or they fhall be required to abate or remove fuch nuifance, that then it fhall and may be

lawful

Digitized by

54	Tie	thirty-fourth	Tear of GtOTgc III. .

A- D. lawful to and for the faid corporation, to abate and remove 1794, fuch nuifance, and to levy the expcnce attending the fame. Chap. 26. from the perfon or perfons who (hall fo refufe to remove or ,V^—alter fuch nuifance, by diftrefs and fale of fuch perfon or perfons goods and chattels, returning the overplus (if any), tp the owner.

Perfons ag*	LXVI. Provided always, That if any perfon or perfons

graven may (hall apprehend themftlves aggrieved by any fuel) orders or appeal at quarter directions as aforefaid, they may appeal to the juilices of the WpDS‘	peace	in their next felhons, to be held for the faid county of

Wexford j and faid juilices are hereby empowered and required to hear, and finally deteimine the fame, and to order the fheriff of faid county, at fuch feflion, to lmpanncl and return a jury immediately, for the trial of the fame; and in cafe faid jury (hafl by their verdid, find fuch appeal to be frivolous or vexatious, then in fuch cafe it fhall and may be Jawfnl to ^nd for fuch j nil ice, to impofe a fine not exceeding twenty (hillings, on every appellant, whefe appeal (hall be found frivolous or vexatious as aforefaid, and to award full cofts to the respondent ; fuch fine to be levied by dillrcfs and fale of fuch appellant’s goods, by warrant under the feal of the faid corporation, and to be paid when fo levied, to the faid corporation, or to fuch oflicer as fhall be by them ap-- pointed,* to be difpofed of by the faid corporation, for the ufes of this ad.

Tenant* t® LXVII. Provided alfo, That the expence of removing, pay cxp.nct3 of fixing, or placing figns, figu-irenji, polls, boards, fpouts or itemovjpg ligns, gUttergj which are now built or placed in any of the faid llreets or lanes in faid town as aforefaid, which fhall or may hereafter be removed by virtue of this ad, (hall be paid by the feveral tenants of the refpedive premifes thereof, fave and except where the leafe of faid premifes is of a fhorter date or continuance, than the term of three years, from the time fuch nuifance or encroachment is required to be removed, and then and in fuch cafe, the tenant of the fame (hall be allowed half fuch expences a$ he (hall be put to on that account, by the head landlord thereof. \

LXVI 11, x^nd be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, Actions for That if any adion (hall be brought, or fuit commenced matters none againft any perfon or perfons, for any thing which (hall fie tm er t a#, ^one in pursuance of this ad, or in delation to the premifes* or any of them, fuch adiop or fuit (hall be brought within fix months after the fad (hall be alkdged to have been done ; ' and the defendant or defendants in fuch adion, may plead the general iffue, and give this ad, and the fpecial matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance, and by authority of this ad; and if the fame (hall appear to have |xen fo done, or if fi^rh

ac^on

The thirty-fourth Tear of George III.

nftion or fuit fhall not be brought within the time herein before limited, then the jury fhall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs in fueh aftion or fuit fhall be nonfuked, or fuffer a difconthjuance thereof, or if a verdift fhall pal's againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs, pr if upon demurrer, judgment fhall be given againll the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants fhall have double eofls.

LXIX. And whereas the making and building of proper fewers and drains, to draw off the water from the flreets of the faid town of Wexford, wiill tend to contribute greatly £o the health, convenience, and benefit of the public, and in particular to the inhabitants of faid town ; be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid corporation fhall ?md may build, and make fewers and drains of fuch dimen- may make fions, and to fu6h extent in fuch ftreets and other places in ^cw.cr8 ‘the faid corporation, as to them fhall appear expedient and thc'vlmiir* ncceffary, and alfo at their own colts and charges, fhall from expedient, time to time, cleanfe, fcour, keep, and preA^ve the fame, in proper order, repair, and condition.

I,XX. And whereas the faid town of Wexford wants a Sufficient fupply of frefh water, as well for the convenience as the health of the inhabitants thereofj be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That all the powers vefted in and Powers vefted by an aft made in the thirteenth year of the reign of hi;	3* for

prefent Majeftv entitled. An ad for	a	bridge over	tridk

the river Loughfoyle, at the city of Londonderry, and the Juh-	*	p

urhs thereof and for certain regulations relative to faid city, fo far as the fame relates to the fapplying the faid city of Londonderry with frejh water, fave and except To much of the forty-eighth feftion thereof, as relates to letting any pkart of faid water to freemen, be, and tfie fame are hereby vetted in the faid corporation, for the purpofes of fupplying the faid town of Wexford with a fufficieqt fupply of frefh water, and fhall be in full force and effeft with refpeft tQ the fame; and that faid corporation fhall and may, from time to time, and at all times hereafter, demife to all or any of the inhabitants of the faid town or corporation, a reafonable proportion of fuch water, for fuch termr and for fuch confidcrap’ons, as to faid corporation fhall feem meet.

LXXI. Provided always, That all fuch fum and fums of Money arifing* money as fhall or may arife from, or by the letting of the therefrom, to l>e faid water, or any fhares or broPorti°ns thereof, fhall from 0£ aci. time to time go to, and be applied in aid of the funds created ■ by this aft, for the purpofes of carrying the fame into execution.

LXXII. And whereas great inconveniencies arife to the public* from laying coal-afhes^ horfe-dung, and othe,r rubbifh

55

A. D.

"794-Chap. 2 6,

Corporation

Digitized by GoogI -

s*

A. D.

1794.

Chap. 16.

Powers vefted by the corporation of Londonderry relative to coal afhc*.

Corporation to Kcenfc owners ot cars, drays, or carts for hire.

The thirty fourth Tear of George III.

in the ftreets, lanes, alleys, and other places within laid town of Wexford, and the fuburbs thereof; for remedy whereof, be it'enabled by the authority aforefaid, That all and every the powers vefted in the corporation of the faid city of Londonderry, in and by the faid laft mentioned ad, fo far as the fame relates to the laying down coal-akes, hutfe-dung, and other rubbifh within faid corporation, and fuburbs thereof be, and the fame is hereby vefted in the faid corporation, and fhall be in full force and effed, with refped to the fame.

LXXIII. And whereas the regulating the rates and fares of cars, drays and carts, and of the owners and drivers of the fame, as alfo of porterage within the faid town and corporation of Wexford, and the fuburbs thereof, will prevent many impofitions being made on the inhabitants and traders of faid corporation, and fuburbs thereof; be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid, and tljat from and immediately after the palling of this ad, the faid corporation fhall and may be authorized and required to licenfe all fuch petfon or perfons as fhall keep or drive any cars, drays or carts, plpng for hive within the faid town of Wexford, or fuburbs thereof; or any perfon or perfons plying for hire, or ading as porters within the fame ; and from time to time to limit the number of fuch cars, drays or carts, fo plying for hire, and the pyrfons who fhall ad as porters therein, and to aicertain fuch fees, or other vecompenfe, to the owner or occupier of fuch cars, drays or carts, or perfons plying as porters, as fhall from time to time appear neceflary to faid corporation j and that in cafe any petfon or perfons fhall .keep, drive, or let to hire, any car, dray or cart, or fhall ply for hire as a porter, within the faid town of Wexford, or the fuburbs thereof, without a licenfe being duty had and obtained from the faid corporation for that purpofe ; and which licenfe the laid corporation is hereby required to give without charging any thing for the fame, that then every fuch perfon and perfons who (hall keep, drive, or let to hire, any cars, dray's or carts, within the faid town of Wexford, or the fuburbs thereof, or fltall ply or ad as a porter therein, for ever)' fuch offence fhall forfeit and pay the penalties following, that is to fay, the fum of ten killings for each and eyery car, dray or cart, which kali ply without fuch li-ccole ; and the fum of five killings for each and every perfon who kail ad as a porter or carrier, in the faid town of Wexford, or the fuburbs thereof; the faid feveral penalties to be paid over, and to be applied for the purpofes of this adj the fame to be levied and recovered in a lummary way, before any one magiftrate, on proof being made on oath after one fummons to the party offending, and to be levied by diitrefs and fale of the offenders goods and chattels, by warrant

The thirty fourth Year of Georg* III.	$7

rant under the hand and feal of fuch magiftrate, unlefs fuch penalty be paid in twenty-one days after Inch diflrcfs (hall be taken, and the overplus, (if any) after all charges being deducted, (hall be ppid to the owner; and in cafe no fum-cient diflrefs can or may be had, to anfwer the faid penalties refpeftively, the perfon or perfons fo offending (hall, by warrant under the hand and feal of the faid magiftrate, be fent to the common gaol of faid town of Wexiord, or tp the gaol of the county of Wexford, there to be kept and confined, for any term not exceeding one month.

LXXIV. And whereas it is of great importance for the preservation of the lives and properties of the inhabitants of the faid town and corporation of Wexford, ^ind the fuburbs thereof, that a proper fire engine (liould be provided and kept within faid town and corporation ; be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the pafiing this aft, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid corporation, to provide a good and fufficient fire engine, or fire engines, fire-engines,&c. With pipes, buckets, and all other implements neceffary for working the fame, and fhall appoint fuch perfons to attend and work the fame, at fuch yearly falaries as the faid corporation fhall think proper; provided always, that fuch falaries fhall not exceed in the whole, the (urn of ten pounds, for taking care of, and attending the fame.

L.XXV. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid,

That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid corpora- Hxpence of tion, to pay and reimburfe themfelves by, and out of the this to be firft of the rates, duties and revenues which they fhall re- rci^ufed out ceive, by virtue of this aft, all fuch cofts and expences as ° r revenues, they fhall be put to, in obtaining of the fame.

L.XXVI. Provided always, That this aft fhall not ex-	to affetib

tend, or be conftrucd to extend, to deprive any perfon or the rights of perfons, bodies or body politic or corporate whatl'oever, of others, any right or rights, title or titles, which they or any of them have by law, to any lands, flrands, or rivers lying within the faid pou'or harbour of Wexford, or to any royalties or fifheries within the faid port or harbour, all which rights and titles are hereby faved and referred, to fuch perfon and perfons, body and bodies politic and corporate, as have the fame by law, as aforefaid.

LXXVII. And be it further enafted by the authority Apublickad. aforefaid, That this aft fhall be a public aft, and fhall be deemed and taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, juftices and others, in all courts and places, without pleading the feme.

Corporation may provide

The

Digitized by kjOOQle

5«

The thirty-fifth T'*r of George III,

A. D.

Preamble.

Militia family 33 Gcp. 3-repealed.

Families of militia-men, who have marched out of the town or county, entitled to allowance.

\

The Thirty-fifth Year of GEORGE III, CHAP. II,

An AB for the more effeftunl Support of the Families of

Militia-Men.

WHEREAS a provifion for the families of feijeants, corporals, drummers, and privates, ferving m the Militia of this kingdom, when it is called out into aftual fervice, is highly juft and reafonable, and the law at prefent in force is iniufficient for the purpofe; be it enafted by the King’s moil excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That an aft palled in the thirty-third year of th$ reign of his prefent Majefty, entitled, An a3 to provide for the families of perfons chofen by lot to ferve in the militia of this kingdom, fhall from and after the palling of this aft be repealed, and made null and void.

II, And be it further enafted, That whenever the militi^ of any county, town, or city in this kingdom, fhall be on aftual fervice, and any militia-man, whether feijeant, corporal, drummer, or private ^herein, fhall have left his family in fuch county, town, or city, lefs able by means of his abfence to fupport itfelf, and the colonel, or lieutenant-colonel-commandant, or other commanding officer, fhall certify the day of fuch militia-man having marched out of the county, town or city, or that he has lo marched previous to the palling of this aft, diftinguilhing the parifh or town land for which he is entered to ferve, if he be a private, and the barony or half-barony in which fuch parifh or towu land is fituated, every fuch militia-man’s family fhall be entitled to,* and receive, duriug his abtenpe on aftual fervice, the weekly allowance following, that is to fay, after the rate of one (hilling for every child bom in wedlock, under the age of ten yearsrand of two Ihillings for his wife, whether fhelhall or fhall not have any child or children, provided (he does not follow the regiment; and the form qf the aforefaid certificate fhall be as foUo^Vs\

/

The thirty-JIfth Year of George III.

I	colonel\	or lieutenant-coloneU

commandant, or commanding-officer (as the cafe m y be) of the	mill tidy do hereby certify, that

A B. in the fold, militia, was called out into adual fervicef and did on the	.	day	of

march from	or	has	marched	out	^catc<

of the county, town, or city9 previous to the pqfftng of this at!,

[as the cafe may be) and is now abfent from the faid county9 town9 or city, (as the cafe may be) and that 1 do believe his family, confifing of	(the family here to be

fpecifed) are hereby rendered left able to Jupport themfelves, and I do certify that the faid Af b. never deferttd from the faid militia, and that / do believe he is fully entitled to the benefits contained in an ad, entitled, dn ad for the more ejfcdual fup-port of the families of militia-men-, and that he ts entered to ferve for	(naming the parijh or

town land) or that he is not entered to ferve for any parijh or town land, (as the cafe may be),

Form of ccr-

III	And be it further enabled, That fuch allowance (hall Allowance to be paid by the treafurer of the county, town, or city, in the	hy	trira-

militia of which fuch perfon (hall be ferving, out of any °orC^Unt^’ money raifed by publick cefs within the fame, or within any °	>or u *

part thereof in his hands at the time, upon the order of any two juft ices of the peace of fuch county, town, or city, at the foot or on the back of the certificate afore faid, fpecify-ing that they have enquired into the circumftances of the man’s family, that it has been refident within fuch county, towfn, or city, three months immediately previous to fuel* man’s having been enrolled, and that they are of opinion it is Id's able to fupport itielf by means of his ablence, and certifying the perfons thereof who are entitled to receive allowances, and the weekly allowance for each, and the ages of fuch as are under ten years ; and every, fuch order Order to con-ftrall continue in force for the weekly payments therein timie in fwree ordered during the time the militia-man ihall continue whilil the man on actual fervice, unlefs it (hall be fet afide, or alter- a^ual fcr" ed at the quarter fefliona, in manqpr }ier^in after mentioned.

IV.	Provided always, That if the treafurer of any county, Treafurer may town, or city, (hall have reafon to believe, that by the flop allowance death of any of the family of any militia-man, the allow- iuCak of death. ai.ee ought to be ttopped or leffened in amount, it (hall be

lawful for him to ttop or leflen it accordingly, Until two juf-tices of the peace (hail direct him otherwile, by writing under their hands and feals.

V.	And be it further enafted. That every colonel, licute- Commanding nant-colonel-commandant, or other commanding officer, ihall officer to tranf-

tranfmft

Digitized by

€o

The thirty-fifth Tear of George III.

A. D.

^795-

Chap. z.

tnit to treafurer, an account of the death or difeharge of any militia-man.

Abftra&s of orders to be delivered by treasurer* to clerks of peace.

Juflices at quarter feffions, m.\y order as. per week for father or mother, and is.for each brother or filler.

Perfons not entitled to alio waace.

Weekly allowance not to exceed 48-

tiSmfmit or caufe to be tranfmitted to the treafurer of the county, town, or city, to which his regiment or battalion fhall belong, an account of the death or difeharge of anj militia-man to whom any fuch certificate fhall have been given, within fourteen days after the death or difeharge of fuch militia-man.

VI.	And be it further enadted, That every treafurer fhall deliver to the clerk of the peace of the county, town, or city, whereof he is treafurer, previous to each quarter feffi-ons, an abftradt of all orders which he fhall have received as aforefaid, to be by him laid before the juflices at fuch feflions; and it fhall be lawful for the juflices there to fet afide or alter any order, which upon due enquiry in open court, upon oath, fhall appear to have been fraudulently obtained, or not to be warranted by this a£t, or the laws in force for the purpofe.

VII.	And be it further enadted, That it fhall be lawful for the juflices at any quarter feflions, where it fhall appear to them by examination in open court, upon oath, that the father or mother of any militia-man, chofen by lot, or any filler or brother of his, under the age of ten years, have been entirely and chiefly fupported by bis induftry, and were part of his family refident with him at the time of his being chofen by lot, to order a weekly allowance to fuch man's family, after the rate of one fhilfing for each fuch brother or filler, and of two fhillings for fuch father, and two {hillings for fuefi mother, to be paid in like manner as the allowance herein before enabled, exclufive of any allowance which may have been ordered by virtife of this adt for bis wife or children, if he fhall have any.

VIII.	Provided alfo, and he it enabled, That no allowance fhall be made by virtue of this adt to the family of any militia-man, who fh^U have received more than one guinea bounty-money, over and above the guinea paid by the collector of his Majefty’s revenue, nor to any militia-man, who, being chofen by lot and duly fummoned to appear, fhall neglect or refufe to enrol himfelf within eight days after fuch lumroons, by taking the oath of a mihtia-man, before fome juflice of the peace or deputy governor, nor to the family of any militia-man who fhall, fince his enrolment, have delated the fervice.

IX.	Provided always, and be it enaCljed, That the wife of any militia-man fo ordered on actual fervice, fhall not he entitled to the aforefaid weekly allowance of one fhilling for each child, for more than two children, that is to fay, that the weekly allowance to any fuch militia-man's family fhall not exceed the rate of four fhiUing6 weekly in the whole.

X. Provided

*

Digitized by

Google

The thirty .fifth Tear of George lit.	6r

X.	Provided always, That in cafe any difficulty fhould A. D.

arife in ascertaining the parifh or town-land, for which any	1795.

militia-man man may have entered to ferve, then and in that Chap. 2. cafe the money to which the family of fuch militia-man may

be efttitled to receive under this ad, (hall be raifed off the Where diffi-county at large.	„	afKcs	*n,

XI.	And in order to reimburfe to the feveral treafurers,

the fums which they fhall have advanced and paid by virtue {^nd, money f

of this ad, be it enaded, That every treafurer (hall, and he be railed off the

is hereby required to add in the warrant whith he (hall iffue, county at Urge.

to levy thediims prefented at the next enfuing aflizes, or if Treafurer to

in the county of Dublin, or city of Dublin, at the next en- add all fuch

fuing preferring term, to be raifed off the county at large, fums» Pail* or

all fuch fums as he (hall have paid, or as (hall be due at the

time to the families of any feijeant, corporal, or drummer, prcfcntcd at

by virtue of ihe foregoing provifions of this ad, and to add affizet.

in the warrant which he (hall iffue to levy the fums prefented

at the like alfizes or term, to be raifed off each barony, or

half-barony, or if in the county of a town, or city of the

county thereof, all fuch fums as he (hall have paid, or as

(hall be due at the time by virtue of the foregoing provifions

of this ad, to the families of any private militia-man entered

to ferve for any parifh or town-land therein, all which fums

•(hall make part of fa id warrants refpedively as items therein,

and (hall be included in the general tot or amount thereof,

as fully as if they had been prefented by the grand jury, and

(hall be levied and accounted for in like manner, and with

like remedies, and fubjed to like regulations.	.	.

XII.	And be it further enaded, in order to recompence ma

every fuch treafurer for the trouble and expence which he fum8for treafu-

may incur by virtue of this ad, that it (hall be lawful for rew, (or their

the grand jury of each county, town, or city, at each af- trouble, &c.

fizes, and for the grand juries of the county of Dublin, and

county of the city of Dublin, at each prefenting term, to

prefent fuch fums, not exceeding in the year the fum of

ten pounds, to be raifed off the county at large, and paid

to fuch treafurer, over and above all fums or allowances to

which he is 01 may be entitled, by virtue of any law or laws

in force, as a reward for his trouble and expence in advanc-

ing, paying, receiving, and accounting for any money by

him advanced or paid within fuch year, in purfuance of

this ad.

XIII.	And be it further enaded, That if any treafurer, Treafurer, See. clerk of the peace, officer of the peace, or colledor, (hall neglca»ng,may wilfully negled or refufe to carry the provifions of this ad bc fined.

into execution, and (hall be thereof convided by prefent-ment or indidment at the affizes, or, if in the county or city of Dublin, in the court of King’s bench, he (hall b$

fined

Digitized by

A. D« fined at the difcretion of the court, anj fum not exceeding 1795. fifty pounds.

^ XIV. And whereas the treafurei4 of the county of Dub-Trea.urer of lirt, is lequired by law to depofit with the cafhicr of the co. Dublin may bank of Ireland, all films which he (hall hare received from the feveral colledors of the public money, railed in faid for the purpofe * county presentment, be it enacted. That whenever of this ad. the freafurer of the faid county (hall be called upon to pay any money to the families of militia-men of faid county, pur-fuant to this ad, he (hall draw upon the governor and company of the bank of Ireland for the fame, who (hall pay the fame out of any money in their hands at the time, de-pofited by him in faid bank, to the account of the county of ’ ublin, and (hall fet the fame down to the debit of the account of the faid county.

CHAP, VIT,

Amended 37 An Aft for the Regulation ef Preferments, for the Purpofe of Oeo. 3. c. 13.	levying	Money	to	be	expended	in	ere	ding	Court-houfcs, Gaols f

and other expenfivc Buildings.

WHEREAS inconvenience is found to arife from the prefent m6de of making preferments, for the purpofe of levying money, to be expended in erecting court-houfes, gaols, and other expe: five buildings, in as much as overfetrs are not always willing to advance their own money in the furtherance of fuch works, whereby material delay is frequently occaftoned, and the money prefented and levied for the purpofe, allowed to lie ufele/s in the treafnrers hands: and whereas it would be a confiderablc

faving of public money, if all materials ufed for fuch pur-pofes, were purchafed for ready money, and the workmen regularly paid ; be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent ISlaiefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords Grand juries fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this ptefent par-at ^ffizes may ltamcnt affcmbled, and by the authority of the fame, That prti'tm, and it (hall be lawful for the grand jury of every county, county courr may allow a cj{v or comity of a town, at any afli/.es held after partTooveifeers,	<>f~this ad, to prefent, and the court to allow,

on rheir enter- ’ where the eftimatc for the building filch work (hall exceed the fum of one hundred pounds, the whole, or fuch part of fuch fum fo prefented, as they may judge proper to be paid in advance to the overfeers, appointed to condud the execution of fuch work, upon the faid overfeers entering into a recognizance before one of the judges of ailizc, in open

court.

irtg into recognizance, as her cm.



Digitized by L. ooQle

1

The thirty-fifth Tear of George III.	63

Court, in double the fum fo to be advanced, conditioned A* D.

that they will apply the money7fo to be advanced, for the 1795.

purpofe for which the faille was prefented, and none other,

and that they will at the next, and every fucceeding affizes,

until the whole of fuch money (hall be accounted for, juftly

and truly account for fuch money in manner and form by

this aft required, or to be required by any law which hert-

after may be made relating to the fame, and that they, their

heirs, executors, and adirtiniftrators, fhall pay to the trea-

furer of the county for the time being, any balance, or part

of fuch moriey which fhall not by luch account appear to

have been applied for the purpofe aforefaid.	#

II. And beit further enafted, That fuch overfeers fhall ja °^count* beat fuch times as aforefaid, lay before the grand jury and fore	juryt

the court, a juft and true account in writing, ot all and &c. every the expenditures and expenditure of fuch money fo to be advanced to them, and the particular purpofes for which the fame was expended, and fuch account fhall be verified by affidavit in writing, at the foot thereof, to be made in open court by one of the faid overfeers, and fhall Hate that the whole of the money fo expended, was fo expended for the foie purpofe of executing the work purfuant to the prefentment, and when any fuch work fhall be finifh-ed, and the accounts of the overfeers approved and palled by the grand jury and the court, in the form direfted by this aft, it fhall be ordered by the court that all fuch recognizances fo entered into, fhall be vacated, and they fhall be vacated accordingly, if no complaint fhall be laid before the grand jury and the court fufficiently proved to ground an cider of the court to the contrary ; and provided that if there be any balance unexpended, a certificate of the trea-furcr of the county fhall be laid before the grand jury and the court, fetting forth that he had received the faid balance, and placed it to the credit of the county.

CHAP. VIII.

An Ad to explain and amend an AB, paffed in the Thirty-third Tear of the Reign of His prefent Majcjly, entitled, An AB for amending and reducing into one AB of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia of Ireland.

Amended,36 Q, 3- c. 33—37 G. 3. c. it/—38 G. 3. c. 6».

WHEREAS an augmentation of the militia is necef-fary, and the faid aft requires to be altered and amended in many parts; be it enafted by* the King's moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of

the

Digitized by Google

Thi thirty-fifth Tear of George III.

A. D. the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this pre-1795.	' fent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame.

Chap. 8. That the numbers in the militia in this kingdom (hall be augmented, fo as that they (hall in future confid in the Militia of the whole of the numbers in the fchedule following, cxclufivc different coun- of commiffinned officers, adjutant, quarter-ma(ler, chaplain, tiei^citic*, ^cc. furgeon, and furgeon’s mate; that is to fay, for the county as heraiuCntCd k)°wn» one regiment of twelve companies, confiding of nine hundred and fixteen men ; for each of the counties of „ Tyrone, Galway, Londonderry, Tipperary, Donegal, and Wexford, one regiment of ten companies, confiding of feven hundred and fixty-four men ; for each of the counties of Antrim, Meath, Waterford, Kerry, Monaghan, Armagh, King’s County, Limerick, County Kilkenny, and Kofcommon, one regiment of eight companies, confiding of fix hundred and twelve men ; for the county of Cork, two regiments, each of eight companies, confiding of fix hundred and twelve men ; for each of the counties of the cities of Cork and Dublin, one regiment of eight companies, confiding of fix hundred and twelve men; for the county of Mayo, two battalions, each of feven ‘companies, confiding of five hundred and thirty-fix men ; for each of the counties of Louth, Clare, Queen’s County, Wicklow, Wedmeath, Leitrim, Cavan, Sligo, Fermanagh, Dublin, and Longford, one battalion of fix companies, confiding of four hundred and fixty men; for the county of the city of Limerick, one battalion of fix companies, confiding of four hundred and fixty men ; for each of the counties of Kildare and Carlow, one battalion of five companies, confiding of three hundred and eighty-four men ; and for the county of the town of Drogheda, one battalion of three companies, confiding of two hundred and thirty-two men, making in the whole, the number twenty-one thoufand fix hundred and fixty men.

TThat each 11- And be it further ena&ed, That each company (hall company (hall confid* of fixty-five privates, four ferjeants, five corporals, confiit^f, See. and two drummers 5 and in each regiment or battalion, there (hall be two additional daff-ferjeants, and two lifers, over and above the faid ferjeants, corporals, drummers and privates, dirc&ed for each company 5 and that to each regiment or battalion, there (hall be an adjutant, chaplain, quarter-mader, furgeon, and fargeon’s mate, except to the battalion for the county of the town of Drogheda, which (hall have an adjutant, chaplain, quarter-mader, and fur-geon.

General meet-	111. And be it further enabled, That a general meeting

within four of the' governors and deputy governors of each county,

•Lys after pal* county of a town or city, (hall be held within four days fin p this a a, to allot men,&c*

Digitized by V^OOQie

Meetings in

The thirty-fifth Tear of George III.

after the palling of this aft, and fuch meeting lhall immediately allot upon each fub-divifion, the number of men neceflary to be raifed therein, for the purpofe of compleating the numbers of the militia of fuch county, town or city, to the numbers in the faid fchedule eftablilhed for the fame, and may for that purpofe alter and change the prefent fub-divifions in fuch manner as they lhall fee convenient.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That in every fub-divi-lion, a meeting lhall be held within fix days at the leafl, fub-diviinxns after fuch general meeting, and the perfons prefent having within fix authority to prefide at fuch meeting, lhall appoint, if ne- aft<*r.g(ncral ceiTary, what number of men lhall ferve for each town- mecnn2s* land or parilh therein, fo as to make up the whole number

allotted as aforefaid, for each 'fub-divifion, and they lhall there proceed to amend the lifts, and to infert the names of fuch perfons reiident within the fame, as lhall appear to them to be qualified, and liable within the provifions of the faid recited aft to ferve in the militia, and they lhall for that purpofe examine upon oath, all perfons who lhall pro-pofe to them there the names of any perfons to be added to the faid lifts, and they lhall at faid meeting draw by ballot out of faid lifts, the number of men neceflary to be provided, in order to complete the number ^pointed for fuch fub-divifion, and fo from time to time at every future .meeting, as often as there lhall be any vacancy in the fin’d number by death, difoharge, defertion, or otherwife.

V.	And be it further enafted, That every fuch ballot Manner of fhall he condufted in manner following; that is to fay, conducing tht the name of every perfon added to the lifts, lhall be fairly ^Miswritten on a piece of paper, and rolled up, and fuch roll

lhall be put up in a box, cafe or bag, with the other rolls, and the constable lhall, in the prefence pf the perfons pre-fiding, draw the names impartially thereout, until the number wanting (hall be complete, after fetting afide thofe who , may be drawn and excufed for any legal exemption, $f-qualification, or difability.

VI.	And be it enafted, That the perfons prefiding at Another fub-every fuch meeting, lhall appoint another meeting of the divifional'mca-fub^divifion to be held within feven days after, btt not ingrobe held iboner than four days, and fhall caufe notice to be ferved within 7 and not on each perfon fo drawn, requiring him to appear at fuch ^* other meeting, which notice lhall be given or left at his Atcr u place of abode, at leaft three days before the day of appearance, and if fuch perfon fljall not be excufed when he lhall

fo appear fiom ferving, he lhall be enrolled to ferve, and fhall; ferve accordingly.

VII.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That all per- Perfons ex-fons exempted by the fiud recited aft, fhall be and aif here- cmi-tedby 33

Vol. X.	E	by

Digitized by LjOOQle

fThe thirty-fifth Teat •/ George III.

fteristu hot worth iol. or who do not pay jt. a year relit, exempted.

I’erfous not feffee* in fub-divifioOs, wherd drawn, maybe ^ound over by jnfticcs.

Regulations hi former aft, refpt&ing per-fons drawn W ballot. -

Recited daufc Injurious to mi* fitia fervice in co. Wicklow.

C’onftables to return names of ^habitants.

by declared to be exempted from ferving perfonally or pro* vidtng a fubftitute, under the provifiorts of this aft, excepting only perfons not liable to pay hearth-money ; and that every poor perfon who may be drawn to ferve in the militia, after the patting of this aft, and (hall make it appear upon oath at any fub-divifional meeting, that he is not worth ten pounds in goods of chattels, or does not pay five pounds a year rent in the Whole, for lands, tenements, cot-take, or crop-hold fot the crop, or by the year, and has mote than three children bom in wedlock, (hall be exempted from ferving in the militia.

VIII.	And be it further cnafted, That if it (hall appear to any juft ice of peace, that wry perfon drawn by ballot, is not a le(Tee of any land or houie in the fub-divifion in which he (hill be dfawn, for years, or life, or lives, it (hall be lawful for him to ifluc his warrant for bringing fuch perfon Wore him, and if it (hall not appear that be is exempt by law from ferving, to bind him, together with one fomcient furety, in the fum of ten pounds each, for his appearance, at the next fub-divifional meeting; and if he (hall ref life to be fo bound, and (hall negleft to provide fuch furety, fuch juftice is hereby required to order the clerk of the fub-divifion immediately to enrol hrs name, and fuch per-foiT (hall be delivered over without delay to fome proper officer of the militia.

IX.	And be it further cnafted, That all and every claufe, provifion, and regulation, in the faid aft contained, refpeft-lng any perfon whofe name is drawn by ballot, not hereby altered or repealed* (hall extend equally to crciy perfon Who (hall be drawn by ballot by virtue of this aft, and be of as full force With regard to him, and to all proceedings ftfpcfting him, as if it were herein particularly cnafted.

X.	And whereas the claufe in the faid recited aft, which direfts that Where any pari(h (hall be in two or more counties, the inhabitants of fuch parifti (hall ferre in the militia of that county wherein the church or feite of the church belonging to laid parifh is fituated, has been found in the county of Wicklqw, inconvenient and detrimental to the militia fervice; be it cnafted, That from and after the pafling of this aft, the governor or governors, and deputy governors of faid county, (hall on their firft general meet** ing, comprize fuch part of faid pariih as is fituated within their own county, into fuch diftrift or fub-divifion as is moft convenient for the purpofes of carrying this aft into execution $ and the conftable or conftables of fuch

or fub-divifion, (hall forthwith return the names of the inhabitants of faid pari(h, as lies within their owif county, to the beft of their knowledge and abilities, and which has not

before



Digitized by

Google



The thirly-jifth Tear of George III.

before been returned to the next fub-divifional meeting, in order that the ballot may be made in faid county, from lifts thus altered and amended.

XL And whereas the frequent attendance of the feveral high and petty or parilh conftables is required to carry this and the faid recited aft into execution, and no provifion has been made hitherto, to reimburfe faid conftables for their great trouble and lofs of time; be it enafted, That from and after the palling of this aft, the colleftor of his Ma-jefty’s revenue for every county, fhall pay to every high, con-liable the fum of four (hillings and four pence, and to every petty or parilh conftable, the fum of two (hillings and two pence, for each and every day the faid high, petty, or parilh conftables fhall be certified, under the hands of the perfr^s prefiding at any general or fub-divifional meeting, to have been aftually in attendance, or on duty, in carrying this or faid recited aft into execution ; provided that the whole fum to any fuch high conftable fhall not exceed eight pounds in any one year, and that the whole fum to any fuch petty or parilh conftable in any one year, fhall not exceed the fum of four pounds; and fuch payments lhall be allowed in every colleftor’s accounts.

XII.	And for the relief of perfons balloted, and in order to facilitate the railing the neceffary number of men with all convenient fpeed ; be it further enafted, That it lhall be lawful for the inhabitants of any parilh, at a veftry held for the purpofe of the meeting, of which two days publick notice lhall be given, and which veftry every church warden is hereby required to fummon, at the defire of any two inhabitants, to order to be levied, by alfelTment upon the parilh, fuch fum as they lhall think proper, for providing fubftitutes in the place of the perfons who lhall be balloted therein, or for giving a gratuity to any balloted man for his ferving, not exceeding the rate of fix pounds for each man, and to appoint one or more perfon or perfons to apply fuch fum purfuant thereto, or they may direft fuch perfon or perfons to pay according to his or their diferetion unto the county treafurer, to be by him handed over to the llock purfe of the regiment or battalion, the fum of fix pounds a man for the whole, or any number of the men balloted to ferve for fuch parilh ; and all fuch fums lhall be forthwith raifed and levied in like manner, and by all fuch means, powers and authorities, and with all fuch remedies in cafe of any refufal or omilfion to pay the lame, as any parilh cefs may by law be raifed or levied.

XIII.	Anchbe it further enafted, That a fpecial feffiont of the peace lhall be held on fome day, not fooner than th* fourteenth, nor more diftant than the twenty-ninth day after the palling of this aft, at the place where the feifions are

E 2	nfually

No provifion has been made for trouble to conftables.

Pirilhiofisnfc at veftries, may levy money on their pariihesfor providing f*b-ftitutes.

Special feflion* to oe held in each county.

Digitized by booQle

^	The	thirlyfifth	Tear	of	George	III.

No more money to be levied for militia where the iol. or 61.

r man has

per man n; been paid.

ufually held in each county, county of a town, or city, which day the cle k of the peace is required to appoint and give publick notice of; and in cafe two juftices frraR not attend, he (hall adjourn the fame to the next day, and fofrora day to day, until two jullices (hall attend, who are hereby empowered and required, there to enquire into the execution of this a&, aLid for that purpnfe to adjourn from day to day, until fuch enquiry (hall he finifhed, and if on filch enquiry it Ihall appear that in any f b-divifion, or town-land, or parifh therein, for which a Separate allotment of numbers has been made, that the whole number of militia-men to be raffed within the fame, has not been enrolled, or the fnm of fix pounds for each man deficient, paid to the county treafiirer as afore-fi*J, they Ihall, and they are hereby authorized and required to require and direft, by writing under their hands and feeds, the treafurer of the county to i(Fue his warrant to the collector or collectors of the publick cefs, in the barony or baronies, half barony or half-baronies, or county of a town or city, or to the perfon whofe duty it may be to aCt as fuch, wherever fuch fub-divifion, parifh, or town-hnd is fitnate, to levy forthwith off fuch fub-divifion, town-land or parifh, (as the cafe may be) a fum after the rate of ten pounds for •very man which (hall be wanting at the time, to complete the number allotted for the fame, and for whom the fom of fix pounds (hall not have been paid to the treafiirer as aforo {aid ; whicn fum (hall be levied in like manner, and with like power and authority, and with aM fuch remedies, in cafe of any refufal or omiffion, to pay the fame, and with Kke wages for the coHe&ion, as any cefs impofed by the presentment of a grand jury may by law be raifed or levied, and fhall be paid by the treafiirer, without delay, to the ftock-purfe of the regiment or battalion.

XIV.	Provided always, That no parifh, town-land, difi-tri&, or fub-divifion, on which the fum of ten poimdr ftntU be levied and pa^d 3s aforefaid, for the deficiency of any militia-man, (hail be liable to be fined, or pay any (hare of any fine which may be impofed after the rate of five pounds a year, for fuch deficiency, by virtue of the fhid recited aCfc; nor fhall any parifh, town-land, or fub-divifion, on which fuch fum (hall be levied, or which fhall have paid the fum of fix pounds a man, raifed as aforefaid, by parifh cefs, to the treafurer, be liable to be called upon again during* the time the militia flvdl continue embodied, to find a man to ferre in the room of any vacancy, which may happen by the difc charge, death, Qr defertion of the perfon who may be procured by bounty out of the ftock-purfe fund of the regiment pr battalion, to ferve in the place of the perfon for the deficiency of whom the fum of fix pounds or ten pounds

fhall

z

The thhiy-ffih Ttar of George III.

/hall have been fo paid, but every fach vacancy ihafl he filled at the expence of the ftock-prurfc of die regiment or battalion.

XV.	Provided always, and be it farther enafted, That nothing in this aft contained, (hall exempt, or be coaftrued to exempt any perfon, who having been chofen by ballot,

before the palling hereof, (hall have neglefted, or refufed to a^^who

take the oath in the ($id recited aft, and ferve in the militia, fcave n^gie&ed

or to provide a fubftitute, who (hall be approved of, and fo ferve, &c.

take the fubftitute’s oath, from any penalty to which he may

be liable by the faid aft, nor to exempt him on failure of

paying the fame from being enrolled, and delivered over to

fome jjpper office** of the regiment or battalion, but tbat

the iiEe“reward ffia^ be payable for apprehending him, as

for any other deferter; and in cafe he (hall be apprehended,

he (hall, notwithftarcding any perfon may have been, or

(hall be chofcn in his room, be compelled to ferve as in the

faid recited aft is enafted.

XVI.	And be it further enafted, That if any perfon (hall Volunteer*

voluntarily offer himfelf to any governor, or deputy gover- may take either nor, to ferve as a militia-man, it (hall be lawfal for him to of d*c oatlls “ adminifter to bim either of the oaths preferibed by the faid	°?

recited aft, for a ballot ted man or fabftitute to take, or the	C °a creul#

oath following:

f	do Jkueary tbat I

wdl be faithful, and bear true allegiance to hie Majefty King Georgey and that I will faithfully ferve in the militia within this kingdom, for the defence of the famey during the continue ance of the prefept war with France, tmlefs I flail be fooner difcfjargsd :

And every perfon taking fuch oath, or either of the afore- Such perfon* faid oaths, (hall be deemed, and taken to be a militia-man, deemed militia* as fully and effeftually, to all intents and purposes, as if he mcn* &Ci bad been enrolled as a fubftitute, or been chofen by ballot, and he (hall be fat down by fuch governor or deputy-goveiv nor, to the account of fuch parifti as he (hall declare his intention to ferve for, or in failure of fuch declaration as foch governor or deputy-governor (hall appoint, and on any vacancy by his dcftth? difoharge, defertion, or expiration of kis tame, another perfon (hall be drawn in his place, in the parifti to whofe account he (hall have been fet down, in like manner ae if he had been drawn therein by ballot.

XV i I. And whereas many ferjeants, corporals, drummers, lifers, and privates, at prefeht in the militia of this kingdom, may have voluntary enrolled themfelves without having been chofen by ballot, or engaged as fubftitutet, and

have

Hoc to exempt

Digitized by

70

The thirty-fifth Tear of George III.

have been omitted to be fet down to the account of any parifh, town-land, or fub-divifion ; be it further enafted, That all men fo ferving at the time of palling this aft, (hall be fet down by the colonel, or other commanding officer, in cafe there be no colonel, to fuch parifh, town-land, or fub-divifion, as they (hall refpcftively declare their intention

__________ to ferve/or, and if omitted fo to be, (hall be apportioned

placcsthry chink the account of each parifh, town-land, or fub-divifion, . proper, dec. in which any men are deficient in the proportion of the numbers to be raifed within each, as nearly as the number will admit.

3	Deputy go- XVIII. And be it further enafted, That three deputy-vornor*,ori gov. governors, or one governor and one deputy-governor, {hall oonftiture°a deemed fufficient to conftitute any general meeting, under general rateting. t^1,s or	recited	aft	;	and	that	two	deputy	governors,

or one governor, with a deputy governor, or with a juflicc of the peace, or one deputy governor, and one juftice of the peace, (hall be fufficient to conftitute any fub-diviliooal meeting, under the prefent, or (aid recited aft, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding ; and that it (hall be lawful at every general or fub-divifional meeting, to amend the lifts, by adding' thereto the names of any per-fons liable to ferye, who may have been omitted, and that a lift (hall be made in each fub-divifion, in prefepce of a deputy governor, of all the names in the box of each fub-divifion, and cprrefted from time to time, and fuch lift (hall be kept by the clerk, and be open to the iufpeftion of every perfon.

a Deputy go- • XIX. And be it further enafted, That fub-divifional vernors may or- meetings maybe hpjd at 3II times, that any two deputy-go-acr meetings. vernors (hall direft, for the execution of this aft, or the pud recited aft

XX.	And whereas it is expedient, for the more effcftual defence of the kingdom, to veil in the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors for the time being, a dif-cretionary poyr^r, during the prefent war, dill further to The chief go- augment the pilitia of this kingdom ; be it enafted, That vtmor niay or- from a,^ after the paffing of this aft, the lord lieutenant, or ««cm m*cnro§ otl'cr cjiief governor or goveroorp for the time being, may volunteers our-* °fder and direft the colonel or commanding officer of any pig the war. * regiment, or battalion of militia, to enroll, and receive into faid regifiient, or battalion, fuch volunteers as (hall offer to ferve during the pontinuance of the prefent war, and who (hall have previously taken and (ubferibed the oath contained in thjsaft, the fame to j>e adminiftered by any juftice ' of the peace, or deputy governor.

No company XXI. Provided ajways, That the ftrength of any regi-to exceed 109 pent, or battalion of militia, (hall not exceed one hundred

Pcrfons voluntarily enrolled, may declare lor what

Digitized by

Google

The thirty-fifth Tear of George III.

t*

rank and file per company, with the ufual proportion of A- D. Lcommiflioned and non-commiffioned officers ; uor (hall any 1795. additional company be added to any regiment, or battalion Chap. 8, jof militia.

XXII.	And be it forther enafted, That the warrant of Warrant* to

the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors, for commanding the time being, dire<Sed to the colonel or commanding officer officer* to ex-of any regiment or battalion, fhall fpecify the precife number	tote*

of men per company, to be enrolled and received into the rCfiCived.‘

fa id regiment or battalion.

XXIII.	And be it ena&ed, That all volunteers fo en- Volunteers^©

rolled, from the date of their atteftations, (hall be confidered, cnrglc^ ^alU>c and are hereby declared to be militia-men, to all intents and	nu"

purpofes, and (hall receive the fame pay, be entitled to the

fame allowances, and be fubjeft to aH the lav's and regulations which now arc, or may hereafter be in force, with re-fpe& to any other militia-man who fhall haye voluntary enrolled kimfclf, and fubfenbed laid oath.

XXIV.	And be it further enabled, That every lieutenant- All Heut.col.

colonel-commandant in thexnilili'3, at the time of the paffing com. declared of this a&, (hall be and is hereby declared to he a .colonel, colonel*, and to and (hall rank as fiich from the date of his commiffion as	©f

lieutenant-cplonel-commandant.	commiflions.

XXV. And whereas it is neceflary to afeertain the rank	it isneceflarr

to be held by the officer* of certain corps raifed, or to be	afeertain the

raifed, called fencible corps, or of any other co^ps of men, rank of officer* which may be raifed witliiu Great Britain, and which may of corp*.

be ordered to do duty within this kingdom, pr of any other corps which has been or may be raifed within this kingdom,' wherein fuch officers fhall not be entitled to rank or half-pay, except during the time of the actual fervice of fuch corps, with refpeft to the officers of militia of this kingdom, during the time that the officers of fuch corps, and of the militia, fhall ferve together; be it therefore enabled, by the authority aforefaid. That the officers of fuch corps, and pf the Officer* of fuefi militia, of equal degree, (hall rank according to the dafe corps, and of mi-of their refpe^tive cominiffions.	litia, of equal

XXVI.	And be it further ena&ed, That the furgepn of by^atesofeora-every rtgiment or battalion, (hall be at all times fubjcA to i^jflion.

any a& in force for punifhing mutiny and djefertioji, and to Militia fur-the articles of war, and under the command of the colonel jreons to be fub-or other commanding officer of the regiment or battalion to Jc& to mutiny which he (hall belong, as fully and in like manner as the ** adjutant; and that his pay during the time the militia fhall not be drawn out and embodied, fhall be four (hillings per day ; and that no furgeon (hall be capable of ferving in the militia, after the nrfi day pf November, one thonfand feven hundred and ninety-five, unlefs he fhall be certified by

tfie

Digitized by

Google

the Royal College of furgeons, after due examination, to be properly qualified in like manner as furgeons in the army are required to be certified ; and that no perfon who is or fhall be furgeon of a county hofpital or infirmary, efla-blifhed by aft of parliament, fhall be capable of ferving in the militia, while he-continues furgeon of fuch hofpital or infirmary.

XXVII.	And be it further enabled, That all feijeants, corporals, and drummers, fhall be appointed by the colonel or other commanding officer, where there is no colonel* to which appointment, or to the difeharge of whom, the con-fent of the captain of the company lhall not be oeceffary, any thing in the faid aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXVIII.	And whereas many perfons being ferjeants, lettermen, and other penfioners on the eftablifhment of CheKea hofpital, have, by entering into the militia of this kingdom, forfeited fuch allowances as they were before in-titled to, contrary to the true intent and letter of the above recited aft ; be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That

fioners in militia, every ferjeant, letterman, and other penfioner, on the cfla-Elifhment5^4- bUfhment of Chelfea hofpital, who has voluntarily entered, or Royal HofpitaL	hereafter	voluntarily	enter	into	the militia of this king-

dom, fhall be placed on the ellablifhment of the Royal hol-pital at Kilmainham, from the day of his having entered into the militia, and fhall be paid as a ferjeant, letterman, or other penfioner refpeftively, from the laid day, during his continuance in the militia, in like manner as if he had been originally on that eftablifhment, and not on the eftablifhment of Chelfea.

V Subftitutesto XXIX. And be it further enafted, That no fubftitutc be approved of who fhall be hereafter enrolled, fhall be deemed to be ap-by commanding proved of under this or the faid recited aft, fo as to dif-officers.	charge the perfon for whom he is propofed to ferve as a fub-

ftitute, unlcfs fuch approbation fhall be expreffed by the commanding officer of the regiment or battalion, or forae proper officer by him appointed.

-Acceptance XXX. And be it further enafted, That the acceptance of commifliona, of any cotnmifiion in any regiment or battaliou of militia,, or &c. not coiffi Jn any 0^,. COrps which his Majefty has direfted, or may feats i^ptrfia-1^ direft to be raifed m this kingdom, in which none of the morn.	officers, except the adjutant or quarter mafter, {hall by virtue

of their commiffions in the faid corps be intided to half-pay, or to any rank in the army, after the Toduftion of the f»d corps, fall not nor fhall be couftrued to vacate the feat of any member returned to ferve in parliament.

Perfonshave XXXI. And whereas many perfons have undertakes in k*!!?	various counties to enfure perfons from ferving in the mditia,

tana* for" b7 engaging, in cafe they ffiorfd be drawn, to find Wafti-ffitutes, 6cc.	tutc®

Serjeants, Sec. &lc. appointed or difeharged by command ir.g officer* only.

Chelfea pen-

Digitized by Google^ „

The thirty-fifth Tear vj George III,	y	j

tiites for them* or pay the fine of ten pound* leviable by A. D. law ; And where** many fuch perfons fo infunng, have failed	1795.

to make good the laid infurances, be k further enafted, Chap. 8. That in any aftion or fuit by civil bill or otherwise, whiA (hall be brought again ft any fuch infurcr, proof of hfo agree- Proof of agreement to provide a fubftitute or pay the fum of ten pounds*	P1’0^*

;	11	3 J rr ^ r J 1_ •	Zx.	r	a	fublhtuu Ot

ihall be deemed an aJTumption on his part, to pay the fum loli

of ten pounds; and any paper containing iuch agreement, or the receipt of the consideration money for the lame, may be produced and read in evidence, notwithstanding it ihall not be (lamped.

XXXII And be it further enafted, That any colleftor CoUe&orst© of his Majefty’s revenue, to whom application ihall be made pay 1 guinea for for the purpofe, ihall pay on demand, to the captain or msiU other commanding officer of every company of militia on 0 c * aftual fervice, the fum of one guinea for the ufe of every private man in fuch company, who ihall be enrolled by virtue of the provifions in this aft; and that all and every the Perfons en-rules, regulations, claufes, provisions, matters, and things rolled fobjeft to contained in any aft in force for the puniihment of mutiny and defertiun Shall be applied to, and extend in as full force * in refpeft to any perfon who Shall be enrolled as a militi*-inan, by virtue of the prefent aft, an to any perfon who has been enrolled as fuch, by virtue of the provifions in the faid recited aft.

XXXIII.	And be it further enafted. That if any trea- Co. treafnrer, furer of any county, any clerk of the peace, or any col- f”<lot^crg,,?a^ kftor of his MajeSty^ revenue, or of any county of a town

or city, barony or half-barony, ihall refufe, or knowingly nCgleft,6cc* negleft to do any matter or thing required by this aft to be	*

done by him, or ihall wilfully omit to carry any of the provifions in this aft refpefting himfelf-or his office into execution, and ihall be thereof convifted by information or in-diftment at the affixes, or King’s Bench, in the county or county of the efty of Dublin, he ihall be fined any fum not exceeding one hundred pounds, at tbe direction of the Court.

XXXIV.	And be it further enafted. That all fines im- All fine* paid pofed by virtue of this aft, or the faid recited aft, Shall be to the regimental paid to the (lock purfe of the regiment or battalion of the ^°eh punc. militia of the county, town or city reipefttvely, any thing

in the Said aft to the contrary notwithstanding.

. XXXV. Provided always, and be it enafted, That if any	where raw*

deputy governor of aay county, town, or city, (hall happen men have been previous to the pafliag of this aft, to have received into rcc*J“*»*** . jthe militia, more men than the eftaWiihmcnt, previous to the d<xnwdmiliiia-peffing of this aft amounts to, inch men Shall be deemed mcn, prilkia^aem, to s£ intents and pmpofi*, and Shall be astitled

to

Digitized by kjOOQle

Two. thirds of perfons to be chofen by ballot at firft meeting for annual excr* cifc.

Computation of third*.

Commanding ©f!Icer to eauic a tyiufter, on the day after the ballot, and roll of each fub-divi-fiou lobe called.

Commanding officers to ballot for men to fillup vacancies.

Ter font declared by commanding officer

The thirty-fifth Year of George III.

to pay from the date of their refpeftive enrollments, and to the bounty of one guinea from the colleftor of his JVIa-jefty’s revenue, and fhall be fet down to the aceonnt of fome parifh, town-land, or fub-divifion, in like manner as per-fons voluntarily offering themfelve* to ferve, and taking the oath, are by this aft directed to be fet down.

XXXVI.	And be it further enafted, That at the firfl meeting, which fhall be held, purfuant to the faid recited aft, for annual exercife, the commanding officer of each regiraenf or battalion, fhall, on the firft day on which fuch regiment or battalion is direfted to affemble as aforefaid, and In the prefence of fuch deputy, lieutenants, or other officers, 3S fhall be then and there aflembled, proceed to caufe fuch a number of the perfons enrolled to ferve in fuch regiment or battalion, to he chofen by ballot out of the lift returned for each fub-divjfion, purfuant to the faid aft, as fhall be equal to two-thirds of the complete number that ought to be enrolled on the lift of fuch fub-divifjon.

XXXVII.	Provided always. That where the number of men, that ought to be enrolled for any fub-divifion, car>-not be divided into three equal parts, the two-thirds to be chofen by ballot as aforefaid, fhall be computed upon the next highefl number that can be divided into three equal parts.

XXXVIII.	And be it enafted, That on. the day next after fuch ballot, the commanding officer fhall caufe the regiment or battalion to hz muftered, according to the fub-divifion for which each perfon fhall have been enrolled to ferve, and fhall caufe the roll of each fub-divifion, refpec-tively, to be publickly called, and as the name of each per-fon contained therein fhall be read, he fhall declare, whether fuch perfon is or is not, as the cafe may be, balloted out of fuch roll, in the manner herein before provided.

XXXIX.	And be it further enafted, That if any vacancy or vacancies fhaH happen, by the death or difeharge of any perfon or perfons fo balloted as aforefaid, or by the expiration of the term, for which any perfon or perfons fo balloted as aforefaid, fhall have been enrolled to ferve, the commanding officer of each regiment or battalion, fhall, at the next meeting, to be appointed for annual exercife, affcpr fuch vacancy fhall have happened, proceed to ballot in the manner herein before direfted, for fuch further number at (hall be wanting to complete the full proportion of two-thirds of the number, of which fuch regiment, battalion, or independent company ought to confift.

XL. And be it further enafted, That all and every fuch perfon or perfons as the commanding officer of fuch regiment or battalion fhall declare to have been fo balloted

out

Digitized by

G°( e



/

The thirty-fifth Tear of Qcorgc HJ.

out of fuch roll as aforefaid, (hall be trained and exercifed for the time, hnd in the manner direded by the faid recited ad, during every year, for which foch perfon or perfons is or are enrolled to Cerve ; and all and every fuch perfon or perfons, as the commanding officer of every fuch regiment to he balloted" ox battalion, fhall declare to have been not fo ballo&ed, as for {hall be train-aforefaid, (hall be difebarged from further attendance, dur- cd»6cc-ing the remainder of the term appointed for the annual exercifc.

XLI. Provided always, and lie it enabled, T?iat all and Pcrfops fo every fuch perfon or perfons fo difebarged ^s aforefaid, {hall, difcharged fliatt during the time he or they ffiall remain in the tpwn or place hefubjea to or-where fuch regiment or battalion is aflembled, be fubjed Pcllalt,0#* and liable to tiic Came orders, regulations*, penalties and puniftiments, as the perfons fo chofen, to be trained and exercifed as aforefaid, are by this ad fubjed, unlefs fuch perfon or perfons (hall be ulually refident, or have his or their place of abode in fuch town or place.

XLI1. Provided alfo, and be it enaded, That all fuch Perfons fodif-perfons as (hall be fo difeharged as aforefaid, fhall, and they charged, are to are hereby required perfonally to appear at any fubfequent *PEe?f at Cuhfo-time or place of exercife, of which due notice fhall be given ^ucnt e3tcru^ as required by this ad, and fhall, on default of fuch appearance, be fubjed to the fame penalties and punifhments as any other perfon or perfons enrolled to ferve in fuch regiment, battalion, or independent company is, or may by this or any other ad be fubjed to.

XLIII And be it further enaded, That if any enrolled	perfons enrol-

perfon, not chofen by ballot as aforefaid, fhall voluntarily fed, and not offer himfelf to be trained and exercifed in the room of any ch°fen by ballot, perfon fo chofen bv ballot, it fhall be lawful for the com- c ****** mantling officer .of the regiment or battalion, to receive him in the room of fuch perfon fo balloted as aforefaid, and fuch perfon To accepted, fhall be trained, ai)d exercifed in .the fame manner, and under the fame regulations, and for the fame time, as if he had been himfelf chofen by ballot as aforefaid.

XLIV. And for the greater facility of raifing and keep- j?or ^Cng ing up the number of men hereby appointed for the regi- and keeping up ment of the city of Cork; be it enaded. That the chief the regiment of magiftrate of the faid city, and the colonel of the faid regi-	of^ork,

ment, both for the time being, (hall be, and are hereby ^nd cobnd flbafl declared to be joint-governors of the faid city, and of the be governor*, precinds theref, for the purpofes of this ad, and pf the faid recited ad ; any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithftanding. 1

C H A P.

Digitized by CjOOQie

The thirty-fifth Year ef George III.

*

CHAP. XIL

An Aft that ATI* of ParRermentfhaO comment* from the Time of the Royal AJfcnt given.

Preamble. XXT HE! RE AS every a& of parliament, the commence-VV ment of which is not dire&ed to be from a time therein fpecified, doth commence from the firft day of the lelfion of parliament, in which the fame is ena&ed : and whereas it is more rcafonable that a£ts of parliament (hould have their commencement from the refpe&ive times when the royal aflent is given thereto ; be it ena&ed by the King's xnoft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons in Clerk of parlif this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of mm to wnte the fame, that the clerk of the parliament (hall write, or afioK <mevery cau^c to he written on the roll of every aft of parliament, which (hall be pafled after this a6t (hall have received the royal aflent, in English words, immediately after the title aits to com- thereof, the day, month, and year, when the fame receives mence from the royal aflent; and all fuch a£b (hall be deemed to comitate.	mence from the day fo written, tmlefs another commence-

ment (hall be exprefely dire&ed thereby.

CHAP. XVI.

An Aft to rep*! an Aft of the Eleventh of George the Second, entitled, An Aft for repairing the High Road) from the Town of Toomivaragh, in the County of Tipperary, to the Towns of Siboermnes and Nensgh, and from faid Towns by Shady Orchard, through the Town of Tullo m the faid County, to the City of Limerick, as alfo one other Aft puffed in the Seventeenth Tear of George the Second, to explain, contmwe, and amend thefirfi recited Aft,

Tteeltal XX C. 1 c. 18.

WHEREAS by an aGt pafled in the eleventh year of the reign of his late Majefty King George the fe-' eond, entitled, An Aft for repairing the high road from the town of Toomivaragh, in the county of Tipperary, to the town of Sifverminet, as alfo to the town of Nmogh, and from the Jaid towns of Nenagh and Silvenninee, by Shady Orchard through the town of Tullo in the faid county, to the city of Limerick) feveral tolls and duties were granted, and mack

payable

Digitized by kjOOQle

The tlnrty-fifth Tear of George TIL

payable for repairing the faid road, and which faid aft was to commence from the fir ft day of May, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and thirty-eight, and from thence to continue for, and during the term of forty-one years : and whereas alfo by an aft pafTed in the feven-teerrth year of his faid late Majefty King George the facoud, entitled, An AS to explain, continue, amend, and make more effeSual the faid lajl recited a9 of the eleventh year of the reign of his find late Maycfiy King George the fecond, it was enaft-ed, That the faid recited aft ihotdd be of full force during the remainder of the term of forty-one years, in faid fim recited aft mentioned, and from and after the expiration of faid term, for and during the further term of twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next -kfikm of parhament, for the intents and purpofaa in faid afts par-%icukrly*mentioned: and whereas an aft was pafTed in the thirty-third year of the reign of hia prefent Majefty King George the third, entitled. An AS to explain and reduce into one aSy the fevered lams for making, repairing, or amending, the turnpike roads hading from the town of Naas, to the towns of Maryborough and Ballyroan, from the faid town of Maryborough, to the city of Limerick, and from the town of Nenagh, to O'Brien’s Bridge, by which faid aft a great part of the faid recited afts of the eleventh and feventeenth of his late Mnje y King George the fecond were repealed, whereby fuch ports of faid recited afts as were not repealed, are become not only ufelefs, but oppreffive to inhabitants living in the neighbourhood of faid road, and the paflengers thereon, in as much as the toll which ftill continues to be levied st Shally, and in or about the neighbourhood of Tullo, is nttely inadequate to any ufeful purpofc, aud inefficient to the repair thereof, and that it is now become neceflary and expedient to repeal totally, fully, and effeftually, faid recked afts of the eleventh and faventcenth of his late Majefty ; be itenafted by the King's moft excellent Majefty, by and noth the advice and confent of the lords fpirkual and temporal, and commons ra this prefent parliament aifcmhlai, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid afts of the eleventh and feventcenth of hi* fate Majefty, (hall be from and after the paffing of this aft, as fully, totally, and ef-fcftuatty repealed, and rendered null and void to all intents and purpofas, an if the fan* had never been emafted% oe had ■ever caofted.

Recital 17 G.t* c. 1.

Recital 33 G. y c. 3a.

t.

were p.rtfy repealed by laftre-cited a<& {

aflsofxTand 17

G. 1. totally repealed.

CHAP.

Digitized by LjOOQle

7«

The thirty fifth Tear of George IlL

CHAP. XVIL

from thepaf-fing of this a A the perfons herein named, fhall be truftees for building a bridge over the Shannon.

An AS for building a Bridge over the River Shannon at For* tumna in the County of Galway.

Preamble.	"T XT HE REAS the ferry or pafTage over the river

V V Shannon at or near the town of Portumna in the county of G always is often attended with much delay and inconvenience to travellers, and the building a bridge over the faid river Shannon, at or near to the faid town of Portumna, will by uniting the provinces of Munfter and Lein-fler to the province of Connaught, greatly tend to promote agriculture, and be of publick utility : be it ena&ed by the Jung's moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament, aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That immediately after this prefent a& fhall pafs into a law, the governor or governors of the county of Galway, the reprefentatives in parliament of the county of Galway, the right honourable the chief baron of the court of exchequer, the right reverend the lord bifhop of Clonfert and Kilmacduagh, the right reverend the lord bifhop of Killaloe and Kilfenora, ana the reprefentatives in parliament of the county of Tipperary, and the reprefentatives in parliament of the King's-County, all for the time being, (tiall be, and they are hereby appointed truftees for '	the purpofe of opening a fubfeription flpr building a bridge

over the river Shannon where the ferry of Portumna now is, which faid fubfeription fhall be kept open until the fura of eight thoufand pounds fhall be fubferibed for the pur-pofes aforefaM, and for other purpofes herein after mentioned;

1.5th of fub-	II- And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That

fenption to be the perfon or perfons fo fubferibing, fhall at -the time of paid down. entering into fuch fubfeription, pay down and depofite with fuch perfon or perfons as fhall be appointed by faid truftees, or she majority of them, one-fifth part of the fum fo fub-feribed, and in default of fuch payment, the fubfeription of every perfon fo failing to pay, fhall absolutely become void to all intents and purpofes, and faid perfons herein before appointed for that purpofe, fhall open a new fubfeription for filling up fuch deficiency, or until the faid fum of eight thoufand pounds in the whole fhall be fubferibed, and a depofite of one-fifth be made thereupon as aforefaid.

III.	And

Digitized by Google

The thirty-jiflh Year tf (Seorge III.

III.	And be rt enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the laid perfon or perfons to whom the faid one-fifth part of faid fubrfcriptions is to be paid a& foon and as often as a fum of one hundred pounds (nail be paid unto him of them for tlie pilrpofes aforefaid, (hall lay out the fame on government fecurity, where the fame is to remain until the faid fitbferibers fhall be incorporated purfuant to this ad; and that is foon as the faid fubferibers fhall be fo incorporated, the faid perfon or perfons fhall affign and trtmsfer fuch fecu-rities,' and all interefl thereon, to the faid fubferibers for the purpofes of this ad.

IV.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That no perfon fhall be permitted to fubferibe lefs than the fum of fifty pounds.

V.	And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That as foon as one-fifth part of the fum fublcribed be paid as aforefaid, fuch fubferibers fhall be created, united and cred-cd into one company for the budding of faid bridge, and from thenceforth be one body politick and corporate, by the name of the commiffioners for building a bridge over the river Shannon at Portumna. and have perpetual fuccef-fion, and have a common feaj, and by that name may fue and be fued, and fhall from thenceforth by virtue of this ad be fully empowered to defign, affign, and lay out in what manner faid bridge fhall be built, with a proper portcullis for the free pafTage of veffels navigating the laid river Shannon, and that the faid commiffioners, and their fuc-ceffors, (hall by themfclves, their agents, overfeers, workmen, and fervants, be fully empowered to build, carry on, and complete faid bridge, and alfo fhall be capable in law by fuch name to take fecurities for any fum or fums of tnoney due, or to be due to them in their corporate capacity as aforefaid, and for performance of any agreement entered into with them, or for the due execution of any power or authority committed to any perfon or perfons concerned in faid bridge, or the tolls or "duties thereof, and alfo to enter into and execute all fuch contrads and agreements as fhall be necefiary for, or relate to the carrying the purpofes of this ad into execution.

VI.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the fum to be raifed for the purpofe of building faid bridge, (hall be raifed by debentures of fifty pounds each, and not kfs, which debentures fhall and are hereby, made transferable as herein after mentioned and direded.

VII.	And be it enadedby the authority aforefaid. That the perfon or perfons fo fubferibing to the bridge fo intended! to be built at or near the faid town of Portumna, fhall be obliged to pay in the reftdue of the fum or fums by him,

her

Each 100I. fubferibed fhall be laid out on government fe-curity.

None to fubferibe left than SOl.

When i-yth is paid, fubferibers fhall be a body politick Sc corporate, &c.

Sums to be raifed on debentures of 5oL-«

Refidut of fubferiptiont t# be paid in as directed.



Digitized by Google

How company enlarge capital.

tteodemay be bequeathed or -tffigned.

Ths thniy-ffih Year rf George III.

her, or them fo refpe&ively fubferibed in fuch (hares and dividend?, and at fuch time or times as the faid commit-fioners for building faid bridge, or any eleven or more of them (hall direct and appoint, until the whole fum or futns by him, her, or them fo refpe6lively fubferibed, (hall be paid, or fuch parts thereof as foid eommiflioners, or any eleven or more of them (hall require towards fmiihing the laid bridge; sad that fuch perfons fo fhbforibing to the bridge fo intended to be built at, or near the town of Por-tunma, (hall receive a debenture or debentures for the fum or fumv by him or her fo paid, which debenture or debentures are refpe&ivdy to be numbered, figned, and foaled by faid oommUfioners, or their fucceffors, or any eleven or more of them, and entered in a book or regider to be kept for that purpofe; provided that if any dividend or dividends be not paid by the perfon or perfons fo fub-fcribing, their representatives or afiigns, within twenty-one days after the refpedUve days of payment to be appointed by faid eommiflioners as aforefaid, the (hare or (hares of the perfon or perfons fo negle&ing or refufmg to pay the fum or fums fo fubferibed in manner aforefaid, (hall be fold by publick cant by the faid ootnmiffioners, or their fucceffors, or any eleven or more of them, after having firft caufcd publick notice of fuch (ale to be given twenty-one days at letft before the day of fuch fale, and fuch perfon or perfons fo refilling or negle&ing, (hall be from thenceforth for ever barred from fuch (hare or (hares, and all profits and advantages therefrom, (hall from thenceforth be veiled in fuch purchafer or purchafers.

VIII.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That if at any time after one calendar month next enfuing the clofing of the faid original fubfeription, faid company (hall be minded to enlarge the capital (lock, faid comm if-fioners, and their fucceffors, or any eleven or more of them, are hereby empowered from time to time to eaufe new (hares of fifty pounds each in the faid joint dock to be made out, and to fell the fame to any fubfcriber at fuch rate at the faid eommiflioners, or their lucceffors* or any eleven or more of them (hall appoint, or by publick cant; and the (aid fums fo fubferibed (hall be added, and become part of the joint flock of faid company.

IX.	Ana be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for cvcryproprietor of Aich joint flock to bequeath the fame, or to affigo the fame in his life-time 5 and every affignment which (hall be made of any part of the joint-dock, (haU be entered and made in a book ror that purpofe* to be kept at fuch place as fhall’be appointed by the laid commiffibners* or their fucceffors, or any

eleven

Digitized by Google

The thirty-fifth Tear of George lit.

Si

eleven or more of them, and no. aflignment thereof fhall be A. D deemed good until eritry thereof be made in fuch bpok.	1^95.

X.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That Chap. 17* as foon as the fhid Commiffioners (hall have appointed and V— affigned hoW, and in what manner the faid bridge fhall be To fummoh built, the faid commiffioners or their fucceffors, or any eleven perfonsclaiming or more of them, before they fhall proceed to build faid intereft »» the bridge, fhall fumntfm the btoner or owners, and all perfons iarf* whatfoever having or claiming any eflate or intereft in and to

the ferry plying for hire over faid river Shannon, from or near to the town of Portumna aforefaid, to the oppofite fide of faid rivef, to meet faid commiffioners or their fuccef-fors, or any eleven or more of them, at fuch time and place in faid town, as fhall be mentioned in fuch fummons, in order to agree with fuch owner or owness* or other perfon or perfons, either for the purchafe of their refpe6tive eftate and intereft in faid ferry* or to make them recompence for any damage or lofs that may be fuftained by them refpec-tively, by the building of fuch bridge at the ele&ion of fuch commiffioners 5 which fummons fhall be ferved upon, or left at the dwelling-houfe of fuch perfon or perfons refpeo lively, fourteen days at lead* before they fhall be required to meet faid commiffiontrs-

XI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid* perfon* That it fhall and may be lawful to and for all bodies politic, interefted infaid Corporate and collegiate, aggregate or foie* feoffees in truft, ferry may fell guardians, committees to hmaticks and idiots* executors, and co*Lycyto adminiftrators and guardians, and tenants for life, not only ^Tall fuch^a* for and on behalf of themfelves* their heirs and fucceffors, traa* fhall be but alfo for and on behalf of the cefiui trufts whether in- good in law* iants, iffue unborn, lunatics* idiots, or feme coverts, and

alfo for and ©n behalf of the iffue in tail of tenants for life, or for remainder-men, or other peifons whomfoever, and to and for all perfons who are or fhall be feised, poffeffed, or Interefted in the aforefaid ferry, absolutely to fell and convey fuch ferry to faid commiffioners and their fucceffors, and that all contra&s, agreements and conveyances, which fhall * be made by fuch perfon or perfons, fhall be good and valid in law, to all intents and purpofes, to convey all the eftate* right, title and intereft, ufe, property, claim and demand whatfoever, as well by him, her, or themfelves, as his, her* or their feveral and refpe&ive cefiui que trufts, whether infants, iffue Unborn, lunatics, idiots, feme coverts, iffue in tail* or remainder-men, or other perfons whomsoever, and 1 of all perfons claiming, or to claim by, from, or under them, or any of them ; ana if it fhall happen that any perfon or perfons, bodies politic or corporate, or any other perfon or perfons having or Riming any eftate, right, title, or krte-Vob. &	F	raft

Digitized by

The thirty~Jifth Tear of George III.

reft in fuch ferry, (hall refufe, negle6t, or decline to agrefc with faid commiflioners or their fuccefTors, or any eleven Or more of them, for the fale or conveyance of their refpeftive eftates, rights, titles and intereft in fuch ferry, or (hall not make out a title to fuch eftate or intereft as they claim, to the fatisfadlion of the faid commiflioners or their fuccefTors, or any eleven or more of them as aForefaid, that then and in fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid commif-fioners, or their fuccefTors, or any eleven or more of them, and they are hereby empowered and authorized to itFue a warrant or* warrants, precept ot precept!, dirc&ed to the fheriff of the county of Galway, who is hereby authorized and required accordingly, to impanel and return a competent number of p^rfons qualified to ferve on juries in the faid connty of Galway, not lefs than thirty-fix, nor more than fixty; and out of fuch perfons fo to be impaneled, fiam-mofted and returned, a jury of twelve perfons fhall be drawn by fome perfon, to be by faid commimoners, or their fuccefTors, or any eleven or more of them, appointed in fuch manner as juries for the trial of ifFues joined in his Majefty’e four Courts at Dublin, by an a& made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late Majefly King George the fc-Cohd, entitled, An aft for the better regulating juries* and the feveral ads for the renewal thereof, are (jireded to be drawn.; Which perfons fo to be impaneled, are hereby required to appear before the faid commiflioners, or their fuccefTors, or any eleven or more of them, at fuch time and place as by fuch warrant or warrants, precept or precepts (hall be direded; and to attend faid commiflioners from day to day, until dif-charged by faid Commiflioners, or by any eleven or more of them ; and all parties concerned (ball and may have their lawful challenges again ft any ©f laid jury-men When they come to be fworn, but (ball not be at liberty to challenge the array, and the faid commiflioners and their fucCeflprs, or any eleven or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered by precept or precepts, from tjiqe to time, as oc-cafion fhall require, to call before them^all and every.perfon or perfons whomfoever, who fhall be thought neccflary to be examined as witneflea before them, and to examine Jiim,. her, or them, on his, her, or their oath or(oajh$, touching ayd concerning the premifes; and the faid oomrqiflidners or their fuccefTors, or any eleven ormoreof them, fhall have* power to adjourn .fuch meeting from time to time, as occafion fhall require, and to command fuch jury, witnefles, and party, to attend until fuch aflairs for which they were fo fiirtunoned* fhall be concluded ; and the faid jury upon their Oaths, which oaths the faid commiflioners and their fuccefTors, or any eleifen ! ©x more of them, arc hereby authorized and*required to jftf-.	minifler.

♦

Digitized by v^-ooQle

Yhe thirty fifth Year of George II I.	P3

tninifter, {Kali well and truly enquire into the value of fuch A. D. ferry, and of the refpe&ive eftate, right, title and intereft, J795# of any perfon and perfons feized and poflefledjthereof, or in- Chap. 17. terefted therein, or of or in any part thereof, and fhall aflefs and award the fum or fums to be paid to every fuch perfon or perfons, for the purchafe of fuch their refpe&ive ellates, rights, titles and interefts; and the faid commiflioners and their fucceffors, or any eleven or more of them, (hall and may give judgment for fuch fum or fums of money fo to be af-lefTed 5 which faid verdift or verdifts, and the laid judgment thereupon (notice in writing being given to the perlon or	*

perfons intcrefted, at lead fourteen days before the time of the firft meeting of faid jury, declaring the time and place of fuch meeting of the faid commiflioners and jury, by personally Serving fuch perfon or perfons with fuch notice, or by leaving fuch notice at the dwelling-houfe or houfes of fuch • perfon or perfons, or by leaving it with fome perSon or occupier of the faid ferry, intended to be valued and aflefled), , fhall be binding and conclufive to all intents and purpofes,	#

againfl all and every perfon and perfons, bodies politick and corporate, claiming any eftate, right, title, truft, ufe or in-tereft, in, to, or out of the ferry fo intended to be pur-chafed, or any reverfion, remainder, or cxpedlancy therein.

XII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Conveyance* That upon payment of fuch fum or fums of money, fo to be to be made to awarded or adjudged, the perfon or perfons to whom the fame commiflioners, fhdl be awarded, fhall make and execute good and legal con- c* veyances, to the faid commiflioners or their fucceflbrs, or any eleven or more of them, of the faid ferry, or of fuch cflate, right, title or intereft, for which fuch fum or fums of money lhall be fo awarded, and fhall do all a&s requifite to make a good title to the faid commiflioners ; and in cafe fuch perfon or perfons to whom fuch fum or fums fhall be awardeckas aforefaid, fhall not be able to make out their title to the premises, to the faid commiflioners, and to make, or procure to . be made, good, valid, and legal convey ances thereof, to the faid commiflioners, or fhall refufe or negleft fo to do, being thereunto required, and fuch fum and fums fo aflefled and awarded a* aforefaid, being tendered to be paid to him, her, or them, on his, her, or their making fuch title, and executing, or procuring to be executed, fuch conveyances, alignments, and affurances as aforefaid; or in cafe fuch perfon or perfons to whom fuch fum or fums of money fhall be awarded as aforefaid, cannot be found, or in cafe by reafou of disputes or differences, or for defett of evidence, it fhall not appear to the faid commiflioners, what perfon or perfons is or are entitled to the premifes in queftion, or if any mortgagee or mortgagees fhall refufe to take his, her, or their F 2	mortgage

Digitized by

R4

featoainsand files of faid ferry, (hall have full force iri law.

Commiflioners aaay^ne fheriffs, &c &c. not exceeding 10L

The thirty-fifth Tear %J George lit.

mortgage money, due on or out of the premifes, after notice given for that purpofe, as herein is provided, then and in every fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiflioners or their fucceflors, or any eleven or more of them, to pay into the bank of Ireland, which the faid bank is hereby required to accept, the faid fum or fums awarded, as the purchafe money for the faid ferry, or as {hall be due on fuch mortgage or mortgages, for the ufe of the parties interefted in the faid premifes, to be paid to them according to their refpedive eftates and interefts, at fuch times, as to the lord high chancellor of Ireland {hall feem meet; and im# mediately on payment of the faid fum or {urns fo awarded as aforefaid, all the eftate, right, title, intereft, nfe, truft, property, claim, and demand in law or equity, of the perfon or perfons for whofe ufe the money {hall be paid as aforefaid, and of all perfons in remainder or remainders {hall veft in faid commiflioners, and they {hall be deemed in law to be in the adual feizin and pofTeflion thereof, to all intents and purpofes, as fully and effedually, as if any perfon having any eftate in faid ferry, had actually conveyed the fame to the faid commiflioners.

XIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That all bargains and fales whatfoever, of the faid ferry, (hall have the force and effed in law, to all intents and purpofes, which any fine or fines, recovery or recoveries would have, if levied or fuffered by the bargainor or bargainors, or any perfon feized of any eftate in faid ferry.

XIV.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That it {hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiflioners oi~ their fucceflors, or any eleven or more of them, from time to time, to impofe any reafonable fine, not exceeding ten pounds, on any (heriff or {heriffs, or their deputy or deputies, bailiffs or agents refpedively, who {hall make any default in the premifes, and on any petfon who fhall be fum-moned and returned on fuch jury or juries, who {hall not appear, and alfo on any witnefs or witneffes who (hall not attend, and who {hall attend and refufe to be fworn, or who being fworn, {hall refufe to give evidence ; and on any pet-fon fummoned and returned on fuch jury or juries, who (hall refufe to be fworn on any fuch jury or juries, or being fworn thereon, (hall not give his or their verdid, or (hall in any other manner wilfully neglcd his or their duty in and touching the premifes, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this ad, and from time to time, to levy fuch fine or fines, by order or warrant of the faid commiflioners or their fuc-ceffors, or any eleven or more of them, by diftrefs and fale of the offenders goods, together with the reafonable charges of every* fuch diftrefs and fait, returning the overplus, if

any

6

Google

Building the

The thirty-fifth Y&r of George TIT.

£ny l>e, to the owner, and all the fines which (hall be recovered and received by virtue of this a61, (hall be applied to ;tlie purpofes of this act.

XV.	And for as much as the erecting and building faid '^bridge, jfo intended to be birilt, and the repairing, preferv-jing, enlightening, watching and fuppovting the (aid bridge, bridge, preferv-and purchafing the interefl of the prefent proprietor or pro-	at?

f>rietors of faid ferry, and fupporting and maintaining fuch tcn^c<j erry, as (hall or may be eftablilhed on the faid river Shan- confidcrahje e*-non, by virtue of this ad, mull be attended with confidera* pence, ble charge and expence ; be it further ena&ed by the autluv rity aforefaid, That it (hall be lawful to and for the faid com-miflioners and their fucceflors, or any eleven or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to take and receive, or caufe to be taken and received, in the nature of a toll, before any paffage oyer the faid bridge (hall be permitted, any fum which the faid commiffioners or their fucceflors, or any eleven or more of them, at any meeting or meetings (hall diced, not exceeding the following rates; that is to fay, for every coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chaife or chair, drawn by fix or more horfes, or other beads of J>urthcn, the fum of fix (hillings and fix pence; and for every coach, berlin, chariot, calafh, chaife or chair, drawn by any lefler number of horfes, or other beads of burthen than ux and more than two, five findings and five pence $ for every conchy berlin, chariot, calafh, chaife or chair, drawn with two horfes, or other beads of burthen, the fum of two (hillings and two pence ; for every waggon, wain, cart, car, or other carriage with four wheels, drawn by four or moie horfes, or other beads of burthen, the fum of three (hillings and three pence ; by lefs than four horfes, or other beads of burtheu, the fijm of one (hilling and feven pence halfpenny 5 for every waggon, wain, cart, car, or other carriage with two wheels, drawn by more than two horfes, or other beads of burthen, the fum of one (hilling and one penny, when empty, fix pence halfpenny ; for every cart, car, or other carriage drawn by two horfes, or other beads of burthen, the fum of one (hilling and one penny ; for every carriage commonly called a chaife or chair, with two wheels, drawn with one horfe, or other bead .of burthen, the fum of fix pence halfpenny, if with four wheels, one (hilling and one penny ; for every cart, car, or other carriage drawn by one norfe, or other bead of burthen, and not laden, the fum of four pence ; for eveiy cart or other carriage, drawp by one horfe, or other bead of burthen, and laden, (except with hogs), the fum of fix pence, halfpenny; for every fledge,

(lide, or other carriage without wheels, drawn in any manful th* fum of oqe (hilling and one penny ; and for all

*	carriage®

Digitized by Google

86

The thirty-fifth Tear of George III.

A. D. carriages whatsoever, drawn in or by any other manner than 1795•	aforefaid,	the Sum of fix pence halfpenny; for every

Chap. 17, horfe, gelding, mare, mule, afs, or other bead of burthen, laden, and not drawing, the fum of three pence ; for every horfe, gelding, mare, mule, afs, unladen, the Turn of two ’	pence	; for every drove of oxen or neat cattle, the fum of

three {hillings and four pence per Score, and fo in proportion for a greater or lcfTer nnmber ; for every drove of calves,

•	hogs,	{beep	or	lambs,	the fum of two {hillings and fix pence

per fcore, and fo in proportion for a greater orlefler number; for eveiy dead hog, the fum of one penny ; for every perfon carrying or conveying a kifh, balket, back-load, or pack of any kind, the fum of one penny halfpenny 5 for every drove or flock of fowl whatfoever, the fum of three pence per dozen, and fo in proportion for a greater or lefier number ; for every perfon palling over faid bridge, except fuch perfon or perfons as {hall be driven in fuch coach, chariot, beriin, chaife, chair or calafh, and the driver or drivers thereof, and the footman or footmen, fervant or fervants belonging thereto, and Hand- n ing behind the fame, the fum of one penny halfpenny each, which faid refpeclive fum and fums of money {hall be demanded and taken in the name of, or as a pontage toll or duty, and the money fo to be raifed as aforefaid, is and {hall be hereby veiled in the faid commilTioners and their fucceflors for ever, and the fame and,every part thereof, {hall be applied and difpofed of, and be afiigned to, and for the Several ufes, intents and purpofes, and in Such manner, as* herein aflei i< mentioned and dire&ed, and the Said commiflioners and their fucceflors, or any eleven or more of them, {hall be, and are hereby empowered by themfelves, or any perfon or perfons by them* under their hands and common Seal thereto authorized, to levy the tolls or duties by this a& appointed and required to be paid, upon any perfon or perfonfe, who {hall after demand made thereof, negledl or refufe to pay the fame, by diilreSs of any carriage, horfe, or other cattle or goods, upon which any Such toll 01 duty is by this adl impofed, or upon any other of the goods or chattels of any fuch perfon or perfons as ought to pay the fame, and may detain the fame until fuch toll or duty, with the rcafonable charges of fuch diftraiuing and keeping {hall be paid ; and it fhall and may be lawful to and for the perfon or perfons fo diilraining, after the Space of four days after fuch diflrefs made and taken, to fell the goods diftrained, by publick au&ion, returning the overplus, (if any be), upon demand to the owner, after fuch toll, duty, and reafonable charges for diftrainmg aud keeping the fame, {hall be dcdu&ed and paid.

XVI. And

Digitized by

7he thirty fifth Tear of George III.

*7

XVI.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That A. IX it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiflioners 1795. au4 their fucceffors, or any eleven or more of them, and Chap. 17. they are hereby authorized and empowered to ere& and place v—

3 toll-hpufe or toll-honfe$, and a toll-gate or toll-gates, at or Toll houfe* jieay the bridge, an.4 the faid commiflioners and their fuc- &te% maX jceflors as aforefaid, are hereby empowered, and any perfou °c crc^cd* pr perfons by them thereto authorized as herein after mentioned, are hereby empowered to receive at fuch gate or gates, the rolls or duties required by virtue of this ao, to be paid before the pafiage of any perfon, carriage, cattle or goods, through the (aid gate or gates; and that any perfon forcing a paflage through fuch gate or gates for himfolf or herfolf,

^ris, or her carnage, cattle or goods, and not paying the due and regulated tolls, or who (hall wilfully and malicio.ufly de-flroy, break, pull down, or damage any gate or gates, toll-houfie or toll-houfes, ere&ed by virtue of this ad, or fhall prevent or obftrudt the cie&ion of any fuch gate or gate?, toll-houfo or toll-houfes, or fh^U obilrud tlie coflcuSors appointed by the faid commiflioners, in colliding faid tolls, or the perfons employed for that purpofe, may for every fjuch oftenpe, be fummoned personally, or by a fumroons left <jt his or her ufual place of abode, with fome perfon living therein, of the age of fixteen years and upwards, at the romance of the faid commiflioners, or of the perfon or perfons appointed by them to receive the fame, one day before the day on which his or her appearance (hall be required, to appear before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the King’s County, or counties of Galway or Tipperary,

•who fhafl hear and determine the, merits of faid complaint, m a furamary way, by the path or oaths of one or more witnels or witnefles, which oath fuch juflice or«juflices of the peace ib and are hereby required to adminifter, or by the conkffipn of Jthe party, and to enquire into, and determine upon any ofFence as aforefaid, and fhall in cafe of proof of any fuch offence, whether the party complained againft, appear or not, if the fervice of the fummons be duly proved, adjudge the perfon or perfons guilty pf fame, to pay to the fold commiflioners or their iucceflbrs, or any eleven or more of them, or to the perfon or perfons by them pr their fucceffors, or any eleven or more of them authorized, any fum not exceeding ten pounds, with the neceflary cofls and charges; and in cafe of non-payment of the fome, the fum to be adjudged, by fuch juftice of juflices of the peace, fhall be levied by warrant of diflrefs, under the hand and foal of fuch juflice or juflices of the peace, on the goods and chattels of the perfon or perfons fo adjud^d to pay the fame 5 and the •goods and chattel? fo diftrained, fhall and may, oh any day

aft£r

\

The thirty-fifth Year of George III.

lifter four days from the time of diflraining, and within two days, be publickly fold, and out of the produce thereof, the fum fo adjudged, fhall be paid to the perfon or perfons empowered to receive the fame, and the overplus, (if anybe)* after deducting the coils and charges, fhall be paid to the owner of fuch goods and chattels fo dillrained ; and in cafe filch diftrefs cannot be made, then that the faid juftice or jullices of the peace, fhall and may, and he and they are hereby empowered to commit the faid perfon or perfons to the common gaol of the county, in which he is a juftice of the peace, there to remain without bail or main prize, for fuch time not exceeding three months, as to the (aid juftice or jullices of the peace fhall feem fit and meet.

Only half the XV It. Provided always, and it is hereby cna&ed. That tolls to be taken on thofe days when the fairs which are now, or hereafter at the timepf	jnay held the	town of Portumna, by authority of

a air at ort-	the King’s patent, the tolls which fhall be demanded and

taken for palling over faid bridge, fhall not exceed one-half of the refpe&ive tolls to be taken at any other time, by virtue of this a&«

XVI11.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid bridge fo to be eredled or built qver the faid river Shannon, at rorturuna, fhall be fo con-ftru&^d and built, as that there fhall remain a free and open palfage for fhips and vcflels to pafs and repafs through the fame, and for fuch purpofe fhall contain a lifting portcullis or arch, provided with wooden piers of fufficient flrength at proper diftanceg. foy warping velTels through the fame ; and that the colleaor or receiver of the tolls ot fuch bridgfc, or fuch other perfon as fhall have the care thereof, fhall, as often as any fhip or vefTel fhall have occafion to pafs or repafs through fuch archj be oliged with all convenient fpeed, to Open the fame, and fuffer fuch fhip or vefTel to pafs through the faid arch j and If fuch cdlleftor or receiver of the tolls, or fuch'perfon as fhall have the care of the faid bridge, fhall refufe or negle& to open fuch portcullis, artd to fuffer arty fhip or vefTel to pafs through the fame, he fhall be liable to a penalty of ten pounds flerling, to be recovered by the perfon or perfons injured, in a fummary way, before any one of the juftiecs of the peace of the counties of Galway, Tipperary, or King’s County, in manner herein before appointed for recovering penalties for the feveral offences aforefaid.

XIX.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore-uk-dwta* faid, T.ha{ the faid commiflioners and their fucceflors, or any tht7 purchafc, eleven or more of them, are hereby authorized and em-vntil the bridge powered, from the time they fhall purchafe the faid ferry as i» built.	aforefaid,	to	erefl,"eftablifh,	keep,	maintain and fupport the

faid ferry, with ferry boats to ply for hire, over and acrofs

thq

Bridge to contain a lifting port<^ilUs, with wooden pien, &c. r

Comndfftoncrs

Digitized by (^.ooQle

Commiffioner*

The thirty-fifth Tear of George III.

the .faid river Shannon, until the faid intended bridge (hall be compleated, with fuch and the L‘ke powers and authorities to take and collect tolls and duty, and with the fame aod the like remedies for the recovery and enforcing the payment thereof, as are herein before given and granted, to the faid commiflioners and their fucceffors by this tfft, for the reco* very of the tolls and duties of the faid' bridge.

XX.	Provided always neverthelefs, That the faid com-

miffioners and their fuccefTors^ or the perfo i or perfons by nottocxael them, or any eleven or more of them appointed to colleft mo*J*	jhan

the tolls and duties of faid ferry, (hall not take or ereft more °*e fct lolls or duties for the carriage of paffeng£rs, carriages, cattle

or goods, over or acrofs the faid river, than are herein before particularly fet fofth acd required to be taken, for thepalTage of faid bridge.

XXI. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That	Produce of in order to encourage perfons to fubferibe to faid undertaking, tolls, &c. divided that the entire produce of the faid feveral and refpeftive tolls every 6 months, and duties, after payment of the faid fum and fums of mo*

ney, which fhall or may be borrowed in purfuance of this aft, by the faid commiflioners or their fucceffors, and the in-tereft thereof, and after the expence of repairing, enlightening, and watching faid bridge, and maintaining, fupport-ing, and keeping laid ferry or ferries, and coffefting the tolls thereon, or thereat relpeftively, be proportion ably divided between the perfons holding fuch debentures, according to the value of their refpeftive debentures, every fix months for ever.

XXII.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That Commiflioners

the faid commiflioners, or their fucceffors, or any eleven or may appoint re-more of them, (hall or may he writing, under their hands	&c*

and feal, a* a meeting to be had for that purpofe, giving. take fourteerf days previous notice of fuch meeting, in fome orte of the publick newfpapers ot the town of Galway, appoint one or more fegifter 6r regifters, clerk or clerks, treafurer or treafurers, receiver or receivers of money, to be raifed by, and for the purpofes of this aft, and lb from time to time appoint others as they fhall find neceffary and convenient, and alfo fuch other officers as the faid commiflioners or their fucceffors, or any eleven or more of them, fhall think neceffary; arid the faid commiflioners or their fucceffors, or any eleven or more of them, fhall and mav take; fufficient fecurity for the due execution of the refpeftive offices, by fuch perfons as the faid commiflioners or their fucceffors, or any eleven or more of th^m fhall think proper ; and tjie faid commiflioners or their fucceffors, or any eleven or more of them, may from time to time, remove $t their will and pleafure, any of fuch officers, or other per-.................. *	tons*

Digitized by t^ooQle

Service of officer 14 days before return of fubjKcoa, Sic Cm

Cornmiffiontri may appoint receivers or colic diors, to re-eeivc tolls, Arc.

The thirty-fifth Tear of George III.

ions, and appoint others in the room of fuch as fhall be removed or die, and fhall and may out of the money raifed by this a&, make reafonable allowance to the regiilers, trea-furers, receivers, clerks, or other officers fo appointed, for and in confideration of their offices, and to fuch other per-fons as fhall be aiding and aflifting in the execution of this a&.

XXIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-laid, That fervice of fuch regilter, or any officer to be at any time hereafter appointed by the laid commiffioners cue their fucceflors, or by any eleven or more of them, with any fubpeena, order* decree, or proofs of any court of law or equity, fhall be good fervice of the laid commiffioners or their fucceflors, fo as fuch fervice be made fourteen days at the leaft, before the return of fuch fubpoena, order, decree or procefs.

XXIV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-faid, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiffioners and their fucceflors, or any eleven or more of them, to nominate and appoint fuch perfon or perfons to be receiver or receivers, colle&or or colle&ors of the faid feveral tolls and duties, as they fhall think fit, and all perfons by this a& liable to pay the faid tolls or duties, or any of them, are hereby required to pay the fame, after the rates aforefaid, to fuch receiver or receivers, colle&or or colle&ors, and all fuch receivers and colle&ors fhafl refpec-tively pay the lame, at all time and times when thereto required, either to the treafurer of the faid commiffioners, pr to fuch other perfon or perfons as the faid commiffioners or their fucceflors, or any eleven or more of them fhall empower and appoint, by writing under their hands and common feal for that purpofe; and that fuch receiver or receivers, coUe&or or colle&ors aforefaid, fhall upon oath, if required by the faid commiffioners or their fucceflors, or any eleven or more of them, which oath the faid commiffioners or any eleven or more of them are hereby empowered to ad-minifler from time to time, give in a true, cxa&, and per-fe& account in writing, under their refpe&ive hands, of all monies which they, and every of them fhall, to fuch refpec-tive times have received, paid, and difburfed, by virtue of this a&, or by reafon of their refpe&ive offices, for which oath no fee or reward fhall be taken ; and the fame may be taken without any lUmp ; and in cafe any fuch receiver or receivers, coUe&or or colle&ore of the faid tolls and duties, fhall not make fuch account and payment as by this a& is dire&cd, then any juftice or mflices of the peace for the King's County, or counties of Galway or Tipperary, lhall commit fuch party or parties refufing or negle&ing

do, to the public gaol orf the county, of which he is a , julice of the peace, there to remain without bail o? main-

. prize.

Digitized by CjOOQle

The thirty fifth Tear of George III.

prize, until he or they fhall have made a true account and payment as aforefaid, or compounded for the fame with the faid commiflioners or their fucceflors or any eleven of more of them, and paid the money by every fuch compo-fition ftipulated to be paid.

XXV.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That if any receiver or receivers, colledor or colledors of the faid fcveral tolls and duties, fhall exad from, or compel any perfon to pay any duty or toll not authorized by this ad, fuch receiver or receivers, colledor or colledors, fhall for every fuch offence forfeit five pounds, to be recovered in a fummary way before the faid juflice or juftice* of the aforefaid counties, by any perfon from whom any unlawful toll or duty fhall be fo exacted

XXVI.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That it fhall and may be lawful for the faid commiflioners, or their fucceffors, or any eleven or more of them, to de-rnife or fet the faid tolls appointed by virtue of this ad, for any time not exceeding twenty-one years ; and the faid commiflioners, or their fucceffors, or any eleven or more of them, are hereby required and empowered under their hands and common feal, to appoint the faid tenant or tenants thereof, his or their fervant or fervants, to receive and colled faid tolls for fuch term as a/orefaid, and to ered fuch toll-gate or toll-gates as aforefaid ; and the faid commiflioners *re hereby empowered to make and ordain fuch rules, and regulations as they, or their fucceflors, or any eleven or more of them fhall judge neceflary and expedient, for the better colleding the tolls aforefaid.

XXVII.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That if the faid commiflioners, or their fucceflors, fhall find any deficiency or obflrudion in raifmg a fufficient fum or fums of money from time to time, for the purchafing of fuch ferry, and for the other purposes of this ad, they fhall and may be, and are hereby empowered to raife the fame in any other manner they or any eleven or more of them fhall judge neceflary.

XXVIII.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That all ads, orders, and proceedings to be done by the faid commiflioners, or their fucceflors, or by any of them, fhall be fairly wrote in a book to be kept for that purpofe, by fuch regifter or clerk, and be fubferibed on the fame day by fuch of the faid commiflioners, or their fucceflors, as fhall be then prefent; which book fhall remain in the cuf-tody of fuch regifter or clerk, to which book evdy perfon interefted may have accefs at reasonable times to infped without flee or reward, and a copy thereof attefted by the

regifter.

5l. Penalty Oa receiver charging more than authorized.

Tolls may be fet for any time not exceeding ax years.

Commiflioners may raife money in any other manner to pur-chafe ferry.

T ranfa&ions of commiflioners to be written in a book.

Digitized by VjOOQle

Coowifioncrs may affemble, adjourn, make rules, &c. for purposes herein.

No boat to ply for hircacrofs laid river.

If commiflion-•rs do not build ♦he bridge •within 5 years, the right to build ♦hallbe in proprietors of fci ry.

Perfong employed to build wid bridge ihall have fame powers as herein,

The thirty-fifth Year of George I IT.

reglfter, (hall be deemed and received as evidence in aU courts of jufticc.

XXIX.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commjflioncrs, apd their fucceffors, or any eleven or more of them, from time to them, as occafion Ihall require, to afTembJe in the town of Portumna or elfewhere, and from time to time to adjourn fu.ch affemblies, and at fuch aflem-fclies and adjournments from time to'time to time to make fuch rules, orders, and regulations, for the purchafing the faid ferry, and for building the faid bridge, and preferving the fame, and for the eftablifhing and maintaining the faid Ferry or ferries, and (hall make contra&s, and do all other matters ^pd things as (hall or may appear to the faid com-ipiflioners, or their fucceffors, requifite and neceflary for carrying on and effe&ing the purpofes of this ad.

XXX.	And be it cnaded by the authority aforefaid, That na perfon or perfons (hall keep or maintain any’boat or boats to ply for hire over or acrofs faid river, at any place between the dillance of one mile above and one mile below the bridge iptended to be built as aforefaid, or to carry or convey for hire, any paffenger or paffengers, cattle, carriages, or goods, which is or are fubjed or chargeable with toll or duty by this ad, over or acrofs faid river, except fuch perTon or perfons as (hall be licenfed or appointed by the faid commifljonersj or their fucceffors, or arty eleven or more of them.

XXX!l. And be it cnaded by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe the faid commiflioners, or their fucceffors, (hall not within the fpace of five years, to be computed from the time of paffnig this ad, build and credthe faid bridge, or caufe the fame to be done, that from and immediately after the expiration of faid term of five years, the foie and e^clu-five right to build and ered the lamei (hall abfolutely become veiled in the proprietor or proprietors of the prefent ferry, and his or their heirs and* affigns; and that then it {hall and may be lawful for him or them upon re-payment of the fum paid by faid commiflioners, or their fucceffors, for the purchafe of faid ferry, and the colls and expences attending faid ferry, to repoffefs himfelf or themfelvds of th e fame, and to be from the time of faid payment tb all intents and purpofes feized and poffeffed of faid ferry, and the tolls thereof, and of their former eftate, right, title, and intereft in and to faid ferry.

XXXII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid^ That the architeds, managers, or perfona employed to build the faid bridge, or fuch other perfon or perfons as the faid commiflioners, or their fucceffors, or* any

eleve^

Digitized by Google

$3

*Thethirly-j\fth Tear of George III.

eleven or more of them fhall appoint, (hall have all and fin-

fular the fame powers of raifing and carrying aWay gravel, ones, earth, or other materials for the purpofe of ereft-ing faid bridge, as are given by the laws now in force to the overfeers of publick roads, and fubjedt to the fame regulations and reftridtions.

XXXIII.	And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons fhall unlawfully, wilfully, and malicioufly blow up, pull down, or deftroy the faid bridge, or any part thereof, or remove, deftroy, or take away any works which fhall or may belong thereto, or in any wile diredt or procure the fame to be done, whereby tire faid bridge or any part thereof, or the works thereof fhall be damaged, or the lives of the paffengers or other perfons 'endangered, every fuch offender or offenders being lawfully convifted thereof, (hall be adjudged guilty of felony, and fhail fuffer as a felon.

XXXIV.	And to the intent that the paflage over the faid bridge may always be kept'open and rendered fafe and commodious, and be clear of buildings, except as hereiri is mentioned; be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That after the faid bridge is finifhed and completed, as to the faid commifjioners, .or their fucceffors, fhall feem meet, the paflage over the fame fhall be open and deemed and ufed as a common highway for ever ; and that no boufe \>r building fhall be built or ere&ed on the faid bridge, except fuch gates and toll-houfes as are herein provided and dire&ed ; and that all carriages pafling over the faid bridge, fhall keep to the right hand thereof, and that no coachman or driver fhall ftand or ply for hire with any coach or other carriage whatfoever upon the faid bridge; or leave any empty coach or carriage thereon, and that no carman, carter, drayman, or driver of any carriage whatfoever, fhall wilfully remain with any cart, car, dray, waggon, or other carriage whatfoever on the faid bridge, longer than fhall be neceflary for going over the fame, or leave any empty car, dray, cart, or other carriage upon the faid bridge; and that no perfon or perfons fhall put any filth, dung, afhes, or rubbifh on the laid bridge, or do any aft that may be an annoyance thereto ; and if any coachman, carman, carter, drayman, waggoner, or driver, fhall offend herein, or any perfon or perfons fhall annoy any part of the faid bridge, by putting or leaving any filth, dung, afhes, or rubbifh thereon, or otherwife, it fhall and may be lawful for any perfon or perfons to apprehend, and caufe to be apprehended and taken, every fuch perfon or perfons fo offending, before one or more juftice or juftices ot the peace for the aforesaid counties, aod every fuch offender being of any of the

faid

Perfons concerned in injur* ing bridge, ficc. fhall fuffer at a felon.

Paflage ovef bridge deemed a highway, and kept open.

Digitized by L,ooQle

94	The	thirty-fifth Year bf George HI.

A. D. {aid offences convifted by the oath of one or more credible 1795.	witnefs or witncffcs before fuch juffice or juffices of the

Chap. 17.	peace, or by his, her or their confeffion, (hall for every

luch offence,' forfeit and pay a fum not exceeding five (hillings, to go and be applied between the party and parties informing againft, and apprehending every fuch offender and offenders as the (aid juffice or juftices before whom the party or parties offending (hall be convifted, (hall direft,, and in default of immediate payment thereof, the offender or offenders (ball be committed by the faid juffice or juffices . to the houfc of correftion mod convenient, there to be kept to hard labour for any time, not exceeding five days as tpe faid juffice or juffices (hall think fit to order, or until they (hall have paid the money direfted by the faid juffice or juffices to be paid.

No order of XXXV. And be it further enabled by the Authority juffice, under aforefeid, That no order which (hall he made by any juffice this aft (hall be or juffices of the peace by virtue of this aft, or any other quaffed.	proceeding to be had, touching the cooviftion or convic-

tions of any offender or offenders againft this aft, (hall be quafhed or vacated for want of form only, or be removed pr rcmoveable by certiorari, or any other writ or procefs what-foever, iuto any of his Majcfty’s courts of record in Dublin, or rife where.

A peal to	XXXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby further ena^r-

quarteMeflions.	by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe any perfon pr

perfons (hall think him, her, or themfelves aggrieved by any order or proceedings of any juffice or juffices of the peace, which (ball be made or had under this aft, it (halt and may be lawful for fuch perfon or perfons to appeal to the juffices of the peaces at their next general quarter fef-fions of the peace, to be had for the county in which fuch juffice or juffices (hall have afted, and the juffices of fuch general quarter feflions pf the peace are hereby required to bear and finally determine every fuch appeal ana appeals, and .(hall award to the party or parties for whom fuch appeal ,(hall be determined, fuch coffs as to them in their diferetion jhall feem reafonable, and (hall raife and levy by their order or warrant fuch coils as (hall be awarded by diftreff and bile of the goods and chattels of any perfon or perfons who ihall be ordered to pay the fame.

Perfons who	XXXVII. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid,

fiitfcritx to this That all and every perfon and perfons who (hall fiibfcribeany ft all be al- fum or fumti of money for the purpofea in this aft mentioned, lowed iuchfumt. an(i fhall ^c^ye a debenture or debentures for fuch fum or furas fo fubferibed and mentioned in fuch debenture pr debentures, (hall be allowed all and every fum and (kms

•f

Digitized by v^ooQie

The thirty-fifth Tear of George III.

of money as he fhe, or they fhall from time to time refpec-tively fubfcribe and pay for and towards the colls and charges of obtaining and palling this aft; and that it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiflioners, or their fucceffors, to pay and reimburfe themfelves by and out of the rates, duties, and revenues which they fhall receive by virtue of this aft, all fiich coils and expences as they (hall be put to in obtaining and palling of this aft.

XXXVIII.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That if any aftiott fhall be bfoQght or fuit commenced againft any peTfon or perfons for any thing done in pur-fuance of this aft, or in relation to the premifes, or any of them, filch aftion or fuit fhall be laid or brought within fix months, next after the fiaft done, and fhall be laid in the county of Galway, and not elfewhere ; and the defend-int or defendants in tiich aftion may plead the general iffne, ■and give this aft, and the fpecial matter in evidence art any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this aft ; and if the feme fhall appear to have been fo done, or if fuch aftion or fuit fhall not be brought within the time before limited, or fhall be brought in any other county or place than as aforefaid; then the juiy fhall find for the defendant or defendants, or If the plain tiff or plaintiffs fhall become non-faited, or faffer-a difeontinuance of his, her, or their aftion or aftions, or If a verdtft (hall pafs againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, or if upon demurrer, judgment fhall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the faid defendant or defendants fhall have treble cofts, and fhall have fnch remedy for recovering the Tame, as any defendant or defendants, hath or have for cofts in other cafes by law.

XXXIX.	And be it further enafted by^the authority hforefaid, That this aft fhall be deemed apublic aft, and fhall he taken notice of as fufti, by all judges and other perfons. vrhatfoever, without fpeciatty pleading the fame. .

CHAP. XIX.

An Act for repealing the federal Regulations which djfcB the *Trade of a Brewer in this Kingdom.

Xif Tttl^IttAS by an aft puffed in this pfefent feflion, it fs enafted, That no *duty ftiall be paid on beer or ale, "brewed in this kingdom ; be it enafted by the King’s motl excellent Majtfty, by and with the advice and content fcf the loVds fpiritual and "temporal, ancf commons1 in

95

A. D.

A <51 Jonswithin 6 months, 6c in county of Galway only.

A publickaA.

Preamble.

Digitized by LnOOQle

The tforty’fifth Year of George III.

tills prefent parliament ailcmbled, and by the authority of the fame, That fo much of all adts heretofore paired in this kingdom, as relate to the regulation of the trade of brewers of ale and beer, and the regulating the prices at as relate to which beer and ale may b'e fold, and to the fecuring of breweries, rc- duties thereon, lhall be, and the fame are in like manner * jwfcd.	hereby	repealed.

CHAP. XXt.

An AS for the better Education of Perfons profejfng the Popijtf or Roman Catholici Religion.

preamble. TT7HERJEAS by the laws nowin force in this king-VV	it	is	not	lawful to endow any college or fe-

minarv for the education exclufively of perfons profefllng the Roman Catholic religion, and it is now become expedient that a fefninary Ihould be eftablilhed for that purpofc ; be it therefore ena&ed bv the King’s mod excellent Ma-jefty, by and with the aovice aud confent of the fords fpi-^ dlh^Ube11 ”tua^ and temporal^ and commons in this prelent parlia-miftce* for eft a- ment affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That blifhing an aca- the right honourable John vifeount Fitxgibbon, lord chan-demy for the ceflor of Ireland, the right honourable John earl of Clon-cducatioc of	chief	juftice of his Majefly’s court of King’s bench in

lick*** *	‘	Irchmd,	the right honourable Hugh lord Carleton, chief

jullice of bis Majefty’s court of common pleas in Ireland, and the right honourable Barry Yelverton, chief baron of the court of exchequer in Ireland, and the chancellor, or lord keeper, chief juft ices, and chief baron of the faid courts for the time being, together with Arthur James Plunkett* commonly called earl of Fingall, Jenico Prefton, commonly called vifeount Gormanftown, fir Thomas Btowne* baronet, commonly called vifeount Kenmare, fir Edward Bellew, baronet, Richard Strange, of the city of Dublin, efquire, fir Thomas French, baronet, the reverend Richard O’Reilly of Drogheda, dodtor in divinity, the reverend John Thomas Troy, of the city of Dublin, dodtor in divinity* the reverend Thomas Bray of Thurles, dodtor in diviuity, the reverend Boetius Egan of Tuam, dodtor in divinity, the reverend Patrick Jofeph Plunkett of Navan, dodtor in divinity, the reverend Philip Mac Davett of Strabane, dodtor ip divinity, the reverend Francis Moylan of Cork, dodtor in divinity, the reverend Gerald Tehan of Kdarney, dodtor in divinity, the reverend Daniel Delany ofTullow, dodtor in divinity, the reverend Edmond French of Athlone, dodtor

fo much of all

Digitized by LjOOQie

The thlrly^/j/tb Teur of George III.	§7

Tn divinity, and the reverend; Thomas Hufley, of the city kA. D. of Dublin, dodor in divinity, and the perfons to be here- 1795* lafter eleded, as by this ad is direded, /hall be truftees for Chap. 21. jthe purpofe of eftabli/hing, endowing, and maintaining one academy, for the education only of perfons prpfelTing the tRoman Catholic religion ; and that the faid truftees /hall have full power and authority to receive fubferiptions and donations to enable them to eftabli/h and endow an academy for the education of perfons profeffing the Roman Catholic religion, and to purchafe and acquire lands, not exceeding the annual value of one thqufand pounds, and to ered and maintain all fpeh buildings as may be by the faid truftees deemed neceftary for the lodging and accommodation of the prefident, mailers, profeflbrs, fellows and ftudents, who t fhall irom time to time be admitted into, or refide in fuch academy.

II. And be, it cnaded, That it fhall and may be faw{ul p0pifti cede*

_ for any popifti eqckfiaftic, to officiate in a chapel or. build- fiafticksmay ing, to be appointed for that purpofe by the faid truftees, officiate, or any feven or more of them, any law, ftatute, or provision to the contrary notwithstanding.

IJ I., And be it further enaded, That it /hall and may be Seven trufeg* lawful for the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, may appoint a t to appoint one prefident and fo many matters, fellow’s, pro- prefuirnt, maf-. fe/Tgrs and fcholars on the foundation, and minitters, fer- ters» vants and afllftants .of, and in the faid academy, with fuch .pen/ions, faJLaries, exhibitions, w?ages and allowances, as to t them ffiall f^em fit; and plfo to make fuch bye-laws, rales^ * regulations and ftatutes, for the government of the faid aca-, demy, and for the education land government of all fuch perfons to be on the foundation thereof, or to be educated , therein, and for the appointment and eledion of a prefident* k matters, fellows, members and .officers of the faid academy, as to the truftees, or any feven or more of them (hall feem , meet, provided that the fame /hall not be contrary to law.	>

JV. Provided -dways, That all fuch bye-laws, rules, re- Bye-laws,not gulations and ftatutes, not affeding the ^xercife of the affecting religi* pQpi/hor roman catholic religion, and the religious, .difei- ous difeiplinc, .pline thereof, be laid before the lord lieutenant or chief	d	before

' governor of this kirigdqm, and /hall be binding and valid, ‘ *ac €Wnt* v uniefs fuch lord lientepant, or chief governor, (hall difap-. prove thereof in one month, from the time when fuch byelaws /hall be laid .before fuch lord lieutenant, or other chief governor refpedively.

V. And be it further enaded, That the faid truftees, Truftees to or any feven or more of them, /hall have, the fuperintend- have vifitorial ,anceand. vifitorial power, over the laid academy, and over Powcr*

„all pcrfpnslon the foundation, or, educated therein.

Vol. X.	G	VI.	And

Digitized by v^.ooQle

1*

The thirty-fifth Tear of George III*

A. D.

^795-

Chap 21.

Truftees may aiTemhle in one month and make rules, &c.

^Theti truftees die, 8cc. <>'hers (hall be elected.

No roman catholick fliaQ ad as truftce,

&Ci

l*roteftants, 0r fons of prote-ftant fathers not to be received.

By an ad oF this feflion, 2,449,6ool. 16s. 9 if. is granted for the year

VI.	And be it enaded, That the faid truftees fhall and may affcmble within one tnonth after the palling of this ad, at fuch time and place as lhall be appointed by any feven or more of faid truftees, by writing under their hands, and lhall at fuch their firft meeting, make fuch rules and regulations for their aflembling in future, as to them lhall feem expedient; and that the ads of the truftees lo aflembled at the faid firft meeting, or the major part of them, and of the truftees to be duly aflembled at any future meeting, or the major part of them, lhall be binding on, and be deemed the ad of all the faid truftees.

VII.	And be it enaded, That fo often as a vacancy lhall happen by the death, removal, or refignation of the faid trnftees, or any of them, (fave the faid chancellor or lord keeper, chief j uHices, and chief baron of the faid courts), the faid truftees lhall at their meeting, eled a perfon being a natural-bom fubjed rf his Majefty, to fill fuch vacancy.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That no peT-fon profefling the roman catholic religion, lhall ad as a truftee to the faid academy, and that no perfon iliall ad as a prefident of the faid academy, and that no perfon lhall ad as a matter, fellow, profeflor, teacher or tutor, or enjoy any place on the foundation of the faid academy, or be other wife admitted into the fame as a ftudent, officer, or fervant. Until he lhall have taken and fubferibed the oath appointed by the ad pafird in the thirteenth and fourteenth yean of his Majefty’s reign, entitled, An A8 to enable his Ma-J fly's fubjefis of whatever perfuafion, to tejlify their allegiance to him.

IV. Provided always, That it lhall not be lawful to receive into, or educate or inllrud in the faid academy, arty perfon profefling the protellant religion, or whofe father profefled the pioteftant religion; and that any prefident, matter, profeflor or teacher, who lhall inftrud any perfon in the faid academy, profefling the proteftant religion, lhall remain liable to fuch pains and penalties, as he woukl have been liable to, before the patting of this ad.

X. And whereas by an ad of parliament, pafled this feflion of parliament, entitled, An A8 for fecuring the payment of the annuitiesj and of the interfl upon the principal fums therein provided for, and towards the dtfeharge of fitch principal fums in fuch manner as therein is direded, and fot enabling the officers of his Ma)fly's treafury to receive certain fums for a limited time9 in manner therein mentioned, and for granting to his Majejly a certain fum of money out of the eonfoRdated fund, and for applying a certain fum of mortiy therein mentioned\ for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety five^ a fum not exceeding two million

four

I

Digitized by LjOoq le

The thirty-fifth Tear of George ill.

four hundred and fortjr-nine thoufand fix hundred pounds fifteen {hillings and nine-pence farthing, is granted to his Majefty for the fervice of the prefent year; be it enafted. That any fum or fums of money, not exceeding eight thoufand pounds, part of the faid fum of two million four hundred and forty-nine thoufand fix hundred pounds fixceen Ihillings and nine-pence faithing, {hall and may be iffued and paid by the commiflioners of his Majetty’s treafury, or any three or more of them, towards eftablifhing the faid academy.

XI And be it enabled. That all fum and fums of money, from time to time iffued and paid out of his Majefty’S treafury, on account of the faid fum oF eight thoufand pounds, Ihall he paid to the truftees by t .is act condituteri, or to any feven or more of them, and {hall be accounted for before the commiflioners of impreft accounts.

99

Sums ifetied oft

faid account to be accounted for befor o mmif-fioners of impreft account*.

chap. XX1L

Recital of at-Geo. *,

An A3 to explain an 'Act, entitled, An A3 for ejlalTtfhing a complete School of Phyfic in this kingdom.

WHEREAS by an a£l made in this kingdom, in the Recital of twenty-fifth year of his prefent Majdty, entitled, Geo. 3.

An aB for ejlablt/hing a complete fchool of phyfic in this kingdom, after reciting among other things, that an at\ was made in this kingdom, in the twenty-fir ft year of his late Majefty King George th<Ir fecond, entitled, An aB for vacating the office of the King's proftjfor of fihyfck in Dublin> upon the death or fur render of the prefent King's profejfor, and for crcB-ing three froffforfhips of phyfick in the faid city ; in Head thereof it is arnoiiglt other things enacted, that inftead of three profeflbrftips eftablifhed by the faid recited a£l, the following profeflorfhips fhall be eftablifhed, namely, a pio-feflbr of the inllitutcs of medicine, a profefi.br of the ;,rae-tice of medicine, a profcflbr of the iviatcria tVieclica and pharmacy, and a profcflbr of natural hiftoty : and that it fhall ayd may be lawful to and for the prdident and fellows of the King and Queen’s college of phyficians in Dublin, whenever they {hail think proper, and the funds (hall per* mit, to add to the faid profeflbrftiips, a profeJTor of mid* wifery, which faid profVflors {hall be called the King’s pro-fcflbrs in the city of Dublin, on the foundation of fir Patrick Dunn, &nd the laid feveral and refpeclive profeffors {hall nave perpetual continuance and fucceflion, and tlieir refpec-tive fucceffors (hall be nominated,' appointed, elected, and G 2	chofen,

further recital of €J Geo. 3.

further reel al Geo* 3.

Recital of 31 Geo. 3.

The thirty-fifth Tear of George lit.

chofen, In the manner and form therein jnentioned and fet

forth : and whereas it is further by the faid* adt ena&ed. That it ihall and may be lawful to and for the prefideut of the King and Queen’s college of phyficians in this kingdom, to direct, whenever they fhall find it expedient To to do, that any of the faid branches fhould be taught by the fame profefTor ; provided always, and it is by the faid a6fc further enadled, That each profefTor by whom different branches {hall be taught as aforefaid, fhall not receive any greater falary than the yearly fum therein after to be paid, of one hundred pounds*fterling : and whereas it, is further by the faid adt cnadied, That the faid King’s profeffors during the life of Henry Quin therein named, fhall be fupport-ed by a rateable diflribution among them, of that part and proportion of the eftatc of the late fir Patrick Dunn, to which Conffantine Barber, deceafed, late profefTor of pharmacy and Materia Medica, and fir Nathaniel Barry, late profefTor of furgery and midwifery, under the faid adt, were refpectively during their lives entitled : and whereas by faid adt it is further ena&ed, that on the death of faid Henry Quia, or when by any other means the clear rents and profits of the real and perfonal eftates applicable to the faidF profeflorfhips, fhall be fufficient for that purpofe, that then every fiich profefTor (hall receive a proportional encreafe of falavy, not exceeding in the whole, to any one perfon, whether he fhall hold one or more profefTorfhip or profefTor-fhips, the yearly fum of one hundred pounds : and whereas by another ad made in this kingdom, in the thirty-firfl year of his prefent Majefty, entitled, An ad to explain and amend an act) entitled, An ad for rjlabhjhing a complete' fchooV of phyfic in this hingdom, after reciting among ft other things* that clinical lectures are indifpenfably ncceffary to the fuc-cefs of a fchool of phyfic, and that an annual furplus of the funds of the late fir Patrick Dunr, applicable to *the flip-port of the faid fchcol of phyfic, after payment of the annual falaries, and other annual charges remains unapplied*, to the amount of eight hundred pounds yearly, or there* abouts, it is enadled, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the prefidcr.t, or in his abfence the vice-preiident and college of phyficians, until fomc hofpital fhall be provided for giving the faid ledlures, to take an houfe in the city of Dublin, in fome convenient fituation, for giving th« faid lecturer, and to furnifh the fame with all neceflarics for that pr.rpofe, and to provide proper medicines, and fuch-affiftmts ar, at e ncceffary, for the care of the patients therein* and alfo to difburfe from time to time, fuch part of the faid furplus, and of fuch further furplus as fhall annually suife out oi the rent# of the fit id dlatcs, as may be found iuicet-

Wy

3

Thi thirty-fifth Tear of George III.	101
lary for the payment of the rent of the faid houfe, and the rxpenre of providing the faid medicihes, and of procuring of the faid afljLftants, and for the other purpofes necelfary. for carrying on the faid clinical lectures, which lefturcs the feverai profefTors are alternately to give without any further allowance for the fame out of the rents and profits, their yearly falary of one hundred pounds each excepted : and whereas it is by the faid laft mentioned aft further enacted, that it fhali.and may be lawful to and for the faid prtfident, or in his abfence, the vice-prdident and college of phyii-cians, having firft obtained the confent of the tcnflees, or a major part of them for fo doing, to apply a competent part*; not exceeding in the wholes the fum of one thoufand pounds, of the faid annual furplus, and-of fuch further annual fur-plus as fhall from time' to time arife, towards erefting an hofpital. in fome convenient place in the city of Dublin, for the purpofe of giving clinical lefturea therein, arid for providing a piece of ground for erefting the faid hofpital upon ; and that m cafe anyhofpitaf now exifting can be purchafed, that it fhall and may be lawful to ami fbt the faid present, or in his abfence thewice-prefident and college of phyficiam, fil'd obtaining fuch confent as aforefaid, inllead of erefting a new hofpital, to lay out any fum not exceeding the faid fum before mentioned, in or towards the purchafe of fuck hofpital, for the purpofes aforefaid, in cafe they fhould think it more expedient to purchafe-the faid hofpitd, than to ereft a new hofpital as aforefaid : and whereas fome doubts have arifen as to what yearly falary each of the faid profefTorn became entitled unto, under the faid aft of the twenty-fifth year of his JVIajedy, by which doubts, the amount of the furplus of the 'faid funds applicable to .tins fupport of faid hofpital, the purchafe of medical books, an4 the other purpofes in faid afts mentioned, is become uncertain, and the application of them thereto unfafe ; therefore be it enafted and declared by the King’s molt excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent . parliament a/Tembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the yearly falary provided for each of the faid King’s profefTors by the faid aft of the twenty-fifth year of his prefect Majefty, whether arifing1 from the rateable diftribu-tion in the faid aft mentioned, or from the laid diltiibution, and the proportionable encreafe therein alfo mentioned, was not intended'to exceed in the whole, the yearly fum of one hundred pounds, and that no King’s profeffor eleftcd or to, be eleftea by virtue of the faid aft, fhall be entitled, or be deemed, conftrued, or confidcred to be entitled, or to have been entitled under, or by virtue pf the fcid aft, to any 1 ' greater	A. D.  ^795-  Chap. Z2m

A. D.

1795-tV----------/

Not to ai!e& claims made under *5 Geo. 3, 4b far as herein.

A public a£t.

Doubts re-

fpc^ing 10 and II Cha. 1,

77* thirty ffih Tear of George III.

greater falar,y or allowance, than one yearjy fum of one hundred pounds, any thing in the faid aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

II.	Provided always, and be it enafted. That nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend to affeft the rights of the faid King’s profeffors, or their re-prefentaiives refpeftively, to any encreafe of falary or emolument to whicli they have made claim, under the faid recited aft refpeftively, againfl the King’s and Queen’s college of phyficians, ovor and above the falaries of one huiV-dred pounds, which have been allotted to them, fofar forth as fuch claims refpeftively refpeft the pad time, or any fuit at law or in equity now depending, grounded on fuch claims, or any appeal or writ of error which has been preferred or filed forth froip any decree or judgment upon fuch claims refpeftively, and now depending.

*111. And be it further enafted, That this aft (hall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick aft, and be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, juftices, an<f other perfons, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CHAP. XXIII.

An Ad to explain and amend an A$t pajjtd in the Tenth and Eleventh Tears of tlje Reign of King Charles the Firfx' entitled, An Ad for P refutation of the Inheritance, Rightsr and Prof is of Lands belonging to the church, and Perfons EcclfaficaL

WHEREAS doubts have arifen as to the validity of leafes made under the powers given by an aft paf. fed in the tenth and eleventh years of the reign of King Charles the firft, entitled, An Afi for prefervation of the inheritance, rights, andprofits of lands belonging to the churchx and perfons ecclefafical; be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent Majeity, by and with the advice and confent of the. lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this pre-fent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for archbilhops, bifhops, deans, deans and chapters, archdeacons, preben-. claries, and other dignitaries-ecclefiaftical, parfoqs, vicars, and likewife mailers or governors and fellows of colleges, and mailers and guardians of hofpitals, from time to time t© accept of a furrender or furrenders of any leafe or leafes of any lands or hereditaments, and thereupon to demife fuch lands or other hereditaments belonging to their re*.

fpcftivQ'

The thirty-fifth Tear of George III.

Ppe&ive fees, churches, colleges, and hofpitals, (the dwells tfg.houfes ufed for any their refpe&ive habitations, and demefnc lands thereunto belonging, and therewith ufed and occupied as the demefnes ot their faid houfes only excepted,) unto the perfon or perfons in fuch manner and form as by the faid a6t or any other a£t or a£ls now in force they are •nabled fo to do, notwithftanding that upon fuch leafe and leafes there (hall not be referved and continued due and payable* unto the leflors, and their fucceffors, during the term of twenty-one years, fo much yeaily rent or pro-1 fits, or more, a6 the meiety of the true value of the lands or other hereditaments, commutiibus atmis> at, or immediately before the time of making fuch leafes (hall amount unto.

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That all leafes heretofore	frcrmm

made by any of the perfons aforefaid, of any lands or other toforc made, are hereditaments belonging to their refpe&ive fees, churches, valid.	*

colleges, and hofpitals, except as before excepted, unto

any perfon or perfons, in fuch maimer and form, as by the faid adl, or any other a6t now in force they are enabled fo to do, (hall be valid and good, notwithflanding there wa9 another leafe, or eftate' then in being, which did not expire, nor was ended and determined within the time in faid recited a£l_ mentioned, and alfo notwithflanding that upon fuch leafe and leafes there were not referved and continued due and payable unto the leffors during the term of twenty-one years^ fo much yearly rents or profits, or more, as the moiety of the true value of the lands, or other hereditaments, commumhut annhy at, or immediately before the time of making fuch leafes did amount unto; provided that the yearly rent or profits which have been, or fhall be referved upon every' fuch leafe heretofore made, or hereafter to be made, fhall not be kfsthan the yearly rent or profits paid, and payable thereout for the laft twenty years precede jng the making of fuch leafe, whether fuch lands or here-, ditaments be augmentation lands or others.

III.	And whereas in many inftances, lands and hereditaments belonging to archbifhops, bifhops, deans, deans and chapters, archdeacons, prebendaries and other digni-taries-ecclefiaftical, parfons, vicars, and likevyife mailers or governors an4 fellows of colleges, and mailers and guardians of hofpitals, in right of their rcfpe&ive fees, churches, colleges and hofpitals, upon furrender of the leafe or leafes then in being thereof, have heretofore beep, and may hereafter be {Jemifed by qne leafe only, and have been, or may be afterwards feparated and demiled by twp or more diftintk leafes, with feparate and <}iftin€t rents referved thereon1 re-fpedlively $ be it enacted, That in all fuch cafes, whether

fuck

lot

A. D.

Digitized by

X04	The thirty fifth Tear of George III.

A. D.	filch lands and hereditaments are augmentation lands or

1795.	others, or both, that each and every of fuch feparate leafes

(hall be as good and valid in law, as the faid original one leafe would have been.

Provided fe- IV. provide(l always, That the fi vend yearly rents remit *be ^otTcfs f°rved* or to be refeived on fuch feparale leafes do amount than original together to a yearly rent hud profits, not lefs than the year-Icafe,	ly rent and profits rtferved and payable by fuch one original

leafe,* any law, ufage, or cuftom to the contrary notwit fill anding ; provided that nothing herein contained fhall bd conlliucd to authorife any of the perfons or bodies corpo^ •	rate aforefaid, to make any concurrent leafe, other thaif

what they could refpedivcly have made before the paffing of this ad.

CHAP, XXIV.

An Aft for continuing an Aft, pa fed in the Thirty-third Tear of A is Mayfly's Reign, entitled, An A3 for ejlablijhifig Regulations refprfting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or rrfxdent thertin, in certain Cafes, and SuJjcfts of this Kingdom, who have ferved, or are ferving in For eg n Armies, and for continuing and amending another Aft piffled’ in the fame Tear, entitled, An Ad to prevent the imfortalion of Anns, Gunpowder, at id Ammunition into this Kingdom,' and the removing and keeping of Gunpowder, Arms, and Ammunition without Lictnfe, and for amending the faid laf mentioned Aft.

Recital of two ‘T7TTHEREAS it 1V expedient to continue ?n ad palled $3 Geo. 3. \X in the thirty-third year of hifc Majelly’s reign, entitled, Ati* Aft for ejlabl'flhing regulations refpefting aliens aniving in this kingdom, or refidenf thtrefrt, in cettedit cafes, and fubjefts of this kingdom, who have ferved, or are ferving jn foreign armies, alfo another aft puffed in the fame year, entitled, An aft to prevent the importation of arms, gunpowder,

' and ammunition into this kingdom, and the removing arid kef trig of gunpowder, arms, and ammunition without Ftcenfe; be it ena&ed, by the King’s moil excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and cotri-mons in this prefent parliament afiembled, and b^r the airthd-(aid a&s In force nty the fame, That the faid fevcral ads fhall coiltftiue, until ill Jan. ~\ and be of force, until the firft day of January, which will 17^6.	be in the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-fix.

to the end of the then next feffion of

and from thence parliament

II.	And

*Tf}€ thlrty-jifth Vcdir of Qzofgt III. ^

If. And whereas by the faid laft mentioned aft, the AV I)/ makers of gunpowder having offices of delivery in Dublin, 1795T-are enabled to removfc'gtitij>owder to * fucti offices, or to his Chap/24. Majefty’s ftores in the city of Dublin, having firft taken twt alicenfe, as in the faid aft is mentioned; be it further en- Makers of gun-afted, That it (hall and maf be laWful to and for makers of gunpowder, having an office or place of delivery in the city q0££* toCta]^t of Cork, to fend gufipowdeV'to their office, or to his Ma- out licenfe,&c. jelly’s ftores in the city of Cork'i fuch makers' of gunpotv-der firft taking out a licenfe, in like manner as makers gf gunpowder are’ by the faid aft direftedi to enable th£ni to remove gunpowder to the city of Dublin, and being alfo fiib-jeft to all regulations' and* reftriftiohs by tne faid aft,'im-pofed on makers of gunpowder, removing gunpowder to‘ their offices, or hi9 Majefty’s ftores in the city of Dublin.

III.	And be' it further enafted, That if any fnriith, of Perfon making other perfonj fliall forge,' make or repair arty pike*, fpear, or repairing ^ ipearliead, dagger, fword or bayonet, or fix on any pbfe* of

flick',' or prepare for affixing thereon, any part of any fcythe-blade, without'a licenfe frtfm fome principal officer of utit s& his Majefty’s ordnance, of from thd juftices at quarter feflf-ons in eacn county refpeftively, every fuch perfon (halt forfeit all fuch* weapon of weapon^, and alfo the fum of five pounds,’ for every fuch offence on co'nviftion, on the oath of any one credible evidence, before any juftice of tHe peace, who is hereby required to iffue his warrant for levying fhd fame, off the goods and chattels of the offender by diftrefs ; and in cafe of non-payment th‘erc6f, to commit fuch offender to gaol, there to remain two months, or until the faid penalty be paid.

IV.	Provided always. That it fhall and may be lawful to chief eovernof and for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor of this may annul li-kingdom, at any time, by order under his hand, to annul cenfes granted and make void any licenfe heretofore granted, or hereafter for removing to be granted, to any maker of gdhpowder, to remove gUii- gu»P°wdcr, powder to his office or ftores, or to his Majeffy’s ftores in

the cities of Dublin or Cork, any thing in the faid laft mentioned aft io the contrary riotwitnftandiAg*

CHAP.

Digitized by CjOOQle

The thirty-fifth Tear of George IIL

CHAP, XXV,

An A3 for efabTfhing the New Courts of fujl’ice, and New Seffion-IIoufe, and conjlituting the fame, and the Areas thereof reflectively, to he within the County of the City of Dublin, and County of Dullin.

HERE AS a new building hath lately been ere&ed, and ii now nearly finifhed, lituated on the Inn* Quay, in the t / ity of the city of Dublin, wherein it i& intended that the King’s courts of juflice, called the Four Courts, (hall hereafttr be holden ; therefore be it enabled by the King’s moll excellent Majelty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament affernbled, and by the au-King's courts thority of the fame. That on the firft day of the next law tn be held on term after the faid new building fhall be finifhed, fo as to be the Inns quay for holding the faid King’s courts therein, the place for city of^ublin,6 h^ing ^ame l*-*> and from thenceforth /hall conti-when findhed.’ mic to be the King’s courts of juitice, and itfliall and may be lawful to hold the King’s courts of juflice, called the Four Courts, Dublin, and each and every of them therein, as fully and in like manner, and with all jurifdidlions, powers, privileges and authorities, and vyith all matters and things incident and relative thereto, and dependent'therein, in like manner to all intents and purpofes, as the King’s counts of juflice, and each of them now are, or heretofore have been holden at their prefent fite at Dublin aforefaid.

King's courts H- And be it further ena&ed. That the.faul new build-when iimthed, *ng fo intended for holding therein the fold Four Courts, d<xW< <l to be	ana the whole file and area thereof, (hall from and after the

declared to be	time when the fame fhall be finifhed, fo as to be fit for hold-

cU^and in the ***& *^6 court8 ^iere*n> f°r ever thereafter be, and taken co. nfrhibbn C an<l deemed to be, and are hereby declared and enacted to be fituate, lying, and being, both in the county of the city of Dublin, and’county oi Dublin, to and for all intents and purpofes whatfoeVer.

III. And whereas a new fefiion-houfe is now erc&ing near the new gaol at Green-ftrect, in the county of the city of Dublin, which is deemed to be a fit and convenient place for holding the quarter feflions of the peace for the county of the city of Dublin, and the feveral adjournments thereof, and alfo to be a fit and convenient place for holding and exe-cutingall coromiflionsof Oyer and Terminer, and gaol delivery, for the county of the city of Dublin, and alio for the

county

Digitized by

Google

Tip thirty ftfih Tear of Georg? IIJ.	IC7

county of Dublin ; be it further enabled by the authority A. D.

afbrefaid, That as Foon as the faid new feflion-houfe (hall be 1795.

finifhcd, fo as to be fit for holding the faid courts of fef-

fions of the peace, or of Oyer and Terminer, or of gaol When new fet-

dtlivery therein; that the faid new feflion-houfe, and the

whole fite and areas thereof, (hall for ever thereafter be, and	it	is	to

be talcen and deemed to be, and are hereby declared and en- he declared to be

a6ted to be fituated, lying, and being, both in the county of both in co. of

the city of Dublin, and county of Dublin, to and for all The city and co.

intents and purpofes whatfoevtr.	0 u ’

C H A P. XXVI.

An A3 to prevent the Exportation of Starchy under certain Con* v	ditions<	.

WHEREAS (larch being made from wheat, it is not expedient that ftarch (hould be exported out of this kingdom, at times when the exportation of wheat is by law prohibited ; be it therefore enadled by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame,

That it (hall not at any time hereafter, be lawful to export Starch not be from this kingdom, any ftarch whatever, at any time when be ciported, bet wheat may not be lawfully txported from thence, and that when wheat all ftarch attempted to be exported contrary' to this a<ft, (hall n^a>” be ei]K>rt-|>e forfeited to his Majefty, his hefts and fucceflbrs*	cd*	or	‘°dutc**

CHAP. XXVII.

/in A3 for the Prefervation of the Pullick Roads in this King* * * do/rt9 and for the Encouragement of Broad-wheeled Carriages,

WHEREAS the ufe of a broad tire to wheel carnages, fet on with flat-headed nails, mull greatly contribute to the prefervation of the public roads; be it therefore en-itted by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the firft day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-five, |hc owners or drivers of any waggon, wain, cart, or carriage t. *	-	*	•	•	<	with

id. perhorfe only, txbc paid for wa^i'iis tire, with wheels, as herein.

Digitized by LjOoq le

The thirty fifth Tar of George III.

with four wheels, the breadth thereof not being lefs than fix inches at the foal or bottom thereof, and the ilceaks fee on with flat-headed nails, and the wheels being placed at fuck a diiiance from each other, that the fpace between the middle of the one track made by the wheels of fuch carriage oa the road, and the middle of the other track, ftiall not exceed fix feet, (hall not be obliged to pay more than one penny for each horfe, drawing fuch waggon, wain, cart or carriage, as toll for any fuch waggon, wain, cart or carriage, at any turnpike gate for palling through the fame, on any turnpike road in this kingdom, on the lame day, any claufe, matter or thing, in any act of parliament exilling to the contrary notwithftanding.

CHAP. XXVIII.

An Ad for the better Rcgnlatkn of the Receipts and Iffues of His Majcjiy's 1 rcafury, and for repealing, an Ad of Parliament y faffed in the Tenth Tear of Henry the Seventh* entitled. An Ait authorizing tlx Trcrfurtr to make all Officers as the 7 reafurer of England doth.

WHEREAS the observance of a certain and cfiahlifh-ed method by the officers of the treafury of this kingdom, in all matters concerning receipts, payments, or other buiinefs to be there tranfaded or perfowned, mult contribute to the preservation of public credit, and the due application of the revenues, and it is nccellary to eilablifli certain regulations refpecting the fame ; therefore be it enacted by the King’s moil excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, loth of Hen 7 and commons in this prefent pailiamcnt alLmbled, and by repealed. ^ 7 the aatiusrity of the fame, That aw ad of parliament palled in the teeth year of the reign of his late Majeily Henry the feventh, entitled. An Ad authorizing the treofurer to make all officers as the treafurer of England doth% he, and the fame is hereby rqxmkd.

Office of re ^ And be it enaded. That lIic office of receiver-gene-•eiver and pay- ^ a,lt^ pay-raaller-general of His Myjdly’s reveuues, pro-mafter general	fits, and cafuallies m this kingdom, fliall ceafe, be fuppref-

ahohdud.	fed, and utterly abolished.

wool annui- , Uf. And whereas it i* jult and equitable tliat when the lytoH.T. Cfe- r'ght honourable Henry I beophdus Clements, (hall ceafe ment*, during	to execute the office of receiver-general, he fhould be combi* ;	penfated for the lofo lie may fuftain thereby ; be it enaded.

That from the time the faid Henry Theophilus Clements.

fhall

The thirty .fifth Tear of George IIL	109

fhall ccafe to execute the faid office of receiver-general, there ^

^fhall be paid out of the consolidated fund to the faid Henry ,	#

Theophilus Clements, daring his life, an annuity of three Chap. 28. *thoufand five hundred pounds ; and to dame Catherine Cle-Ynents during her life, an annuity of fix hundred pounds 5	uit^t#

and the commiffioners for executing the office of lord high DameCaih. treafurer, or any three or more of them, are hereby autho- Clements, rized and empowered to 'iflue and pay, or caufe to be if-fued and paid the faid annuities by four quarterly payments.

IV	And be it ena&ed, That from and after the death, -After death, refignfctfon, or removal of William Henry Palmer, efquire, ^c. ofW;H.

4	and Henry George Quin, the offices of firft and fecond q Qui^Swef-chamberlain of the exchequer {hall ceafe, and Shall not be	dtamber-

' hereafter excrcifed by any perfon.	Iain Ihall ceafe.

V.	And be it ena&ed, That from and after the paffing His Majefty

of this a&, it (hall and may be lawful for his Majefty, his may appoint a heirs and fuctefibrs from time to time, by letters* patent	S61?*	°f

Under the* great feal’of this kingdom, to appoint a receiver- ygarlyiSa^of* general of all duties, aids, revenues, and taxes colle&ed and I00OjB ldvied nVider the authority and dire&ion of the commiffioners

‘of'cuftoms and excife, together with a yearly Salary not exceeding one thoufand pounds, to be paid to foch perfon as a reward for executing the faid office ; and every perfon

*	who (ball be fo appointed, * (hall hold • his faid'office during ‘ his MajeftyV pleafure, and Ihall keep his{office at his Ma-

• jefty’s cuftom houfe of the city ofT>ublin> where the bufi-‘ nefs theredf ffiallbe tranfa&cd.

VI.	And be it ena&ed, That the office of receiver- Recciver-rvn. general to be exercifed purfubnt to the provifions of this not incsips*iut-aIhall be deemed an old* office, and’ Shall not incapaci- ed fromfittinj

: tate the perfon holding the fame from fitting in parliament, “1 parliament.

*	any law or ftatute tO the contrary notwrthftanding.

VII.	And be it ena&ed, That during the continuance Thepre&nt

*	in 'office of the prefent chief baron, and other barons of the

' exchequer, they (hall be paid each a yearly fum of two hun- d^uer t0 1 "dred pbiinds out of ‘ Hfe Majefty’s treafiiry, as a compen- paid each aool.

1 fation foV the fees to which they became entitled for paffing per ann. in lien the public accounts.	°f {ce9i

VIII.	And be it ena&ed, That the perfon cxercifing Rcceiv. gen. the office of receiver-general of the duties, aids, revenues, ofeuftomsand 3nd taxes collefted and levied under the authority or direc-

tioti of; the commiffioners of cuftoms and excife, and the fomp futiesm receiver-getleral of the ftamp dnties, (hall weekly on every pay weekly Friday, m cafe it (hall not be a holiday, and if the fame moniet received ' (hall be a holiday, then oil the next day which (hall not be v a holiday, pay into the hands of the teller of His Majefty’s .g£JC y 1 ^ahequer, afi moafci rectmdT by them refpeftivcly in the

prcccd-

tl*

Teller of ex-fhcqtber to give to receiver-gcn. receipts for all money paid by him on indented' cheques.

Receipts given by teller to receiver-gen. to be recorded.

Receiver-gen. cuftoms and excife, &c. re-fufing payment, incapacitated from holding 'ulficca of trull.

The thirty-fifth Tear of George III.

preceding week out of the faid revenues; and filch perfbil who fhail be appointed receiver-general of the duties of cuftoms and excife, ih^U do no acl touching the receipt or payment of money, fave only according to the authorities, regulations, and provilions of this ad, and under and by virtue thereof, and iu fuch manner as he. fhail be diredb^i by the lord lugh treafurer, or the comm’iflioners for executing the office of lord high treafurer.

I A. And be it enabled, That the teller of the exchequer (hall gi^e to the faid receiver-general, receipts for all monies paid by him on indented cheques, fpecifying therein undyr different heads, the nature of the revenue of which the fuma paid (hall be compofed; which receipts fhail be recorded in the office of the auditor-general, and counterfigned by him or his deputy, and fuch receipts fhail alfo be recorded in like manner in the office of the clerk of the pells, who fhail alfo counterfign the fame ; and the faid receiver-general (hall every day make a return to the auditor-general of tl^e receipts of fuch day, and on every Saturday, make a return to the auditor of the total of the fums received within the week, diftinguifhing the different heads under which they have been received.

X.	And be it enaded, That the auditor of the exchequer, fhail record in his office all fuch receipts as aforefaid* as fhail be given by the teller to the receiver-general, and fhail counterfign the fame, and keep a due account under different heads of the nature of the revenues comprized therein.

XI.	And be it further enaded, That if any perfon wfyoi is or fhail be authorized to receive the duties of cuftoms and excife, or the receiver-general of the duties on ftamped vellum, parchment, or paper for the time being refpedively, fhail detain, refufe, or neglect to pay or caufe to be paid to the teller of the exchequer, all or any of the fums appointed to be paid by them feverally as aforefaid, in fuch manner as they are refpedively required by thir. ad, or fhail divert or mifapply any part of the fame; then they and every of them fo offending, fhail forfeit l\is office and place, and fhail be incapable to ierve his M.ijefty, his heirs or fuc-ceffors, in any office or place of profit or truft whatfoever ; and fhail be liable to pay double the value of all and every film or fums of money fo detained, diverted, or mifapplied# with full cofts of fuit, to any perfon or perfohs who fhail fue for the fame in any of His Majefty’s courts of record at Dublin, by any adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information* iu which no effoign, privilege, protedion, or wager of law* •r more than one imparlance (hall be allowed.

XII. And

Digitized by Google

The thirty-fifth Tear of George III.

XII.	And be it ena&cd, That from 3nd after tbe paf-ling of this adt, every perfon employed in the port of Dublin, in the collection and receipt of any part of the duties, and the feveral collectors of excife in the city and county of Dublin, fhajl pay into the hands of the perfon who now is, or (hall be from time to time authorized to receive the duties of cuftoms and excife, the whole of the monies which he or they fhall receive, on account of the duties of cuftoms or excife, on the day on which he fhall receive the fame, or as near the whole as may be, fave and except fuch fum or fums of money which are, or (hall be liable to be paid for falaries, penfions^and leeal incidental expences.

XIII.	And be it enadted. That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-five, every fum of money which fhall appear to be due on any debenture, for the re-payment of any part of the duties on goods, wares, or merchandize,, exported from Ireland, or any debenture, certificate, or other inftrument or document whatfoever, for the payment of any money *by way of premium, bounty, allowance or otherwise directed to be paid out of all his Majefty’s revenues, not otherwife appropriated by any adt or aCts of parliament now in force, or hereafter to be pafled, or; by the fpecial order and direction of the faid commiffioners of the cultoms and excife, for the time being, where fuch payment or allowance fhall become due in the port of Dublin, fhall be paid and allowed to the perfon or perfons properly authorized to receive the fame, by the perfon who now is, or fhall be authorized to receive the duties of cuftomS and excife, or any other his Majefty's revenues applicable thereto, out of any monies in his hands arifi^g from the duties of culloms and excife 5 and every fuch payment fo made by the faid perfon, fhall be allowed by the officers from time to time, authorized by law to fettle and audite the accounts of fuch perfon

XIV.	And be it enaCted, That the auditor of the exchequer for the time being, fhall from time to time, duly enter or enroll all letters patent, and letters of privy feal, and orders under the King's fign manual, King's letters. King's warrants, or exemplifications of King's letters, and King's warrants for ifluing the King's treafnre, and fhall draw the orders, or make the debentures for ifluing thereof, as he fhall from time to time be required by the lord high treafurer, or the commiffioners for executing the office of lord high treafurer for the time being ; and fhall keep entries thereof in books to be provided, and fairly written for that purpofe ; and fhall weekly take the teller's accounts, and make certificate to the chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being, and alfo to the (aid

' lord

111

A. D.

*79$ Chap. 2#*

Colkfkor of the pm t of l5ub-lin, and collectors of txciie in the city or co. Dublin, to pay to the receiver-gen. of cuftoms as herein.

From 24th June, 179J, all money due for re-payment of duties to be paid to perfons authorized to receive fame, &c*

Auditor of the exchequer to enroll letters patent, 6ec.

Digitized by Google

.Ill

The thirtyrfifih Tear />/ G.eorge HI.

A# X). Jor(i high treafurer, or the commiflioners for executing the office of lord high treafurer, of all receipts, iffiies, and remains of the King’s money in his Majefty’s treafury; and ffiall make out certificates from time to time, of all monies there iffiied on account, or by way of impreft ; and (hall tranfmit half-yearly, the ordinary impreft rolls, to the accountant general ; and ffiall make out and tranfmit half-yearly, to the lord high treafurer, or the commiflioners for executing the office of lord high treafurer for the time being, the declarations of ,the receipts, iltucs, and remains at the treafury ; and that the faid clerk of the pells ffiall alfo before he enter his recurdatur and examinatur thereon, duly enroll ?nd record all letters patent, and letters of privy feal,

, and orders under the King’’] fign manual, King’s letters, King’s warrants, or exemplifications thereof, for ifluing the King’s treafure ; and truly and fairly enter and record all receipts and iffiies in the treafury ; and ffiall alfo take the teller's accounts weekly, and make certificates to the lord high treafurer, or to the f?id commiflioners for executing f the office of lord high treafurer for the time being weekly, of the receipts, iffiies, and remains of the King’s money in the treafury, and ffiall carefully examine all the impreft certificates, and impreft rolls, and make out and tranfmit to the lord high treafurer, or the commiflioners for executing the office of lord high treafurer, declarations of the receipts, , iflues ^r.d remains within every half year ; which declarations ft*.all become the regular audited and certified account of the treafurer ; and the faid auditor of the exchequer inpll quarterly, half-yearly, and yearly, l»3nd over to the Icyd high treafurer, or commiflioners for executing the office ,of lord high treafurer, .all the accounts which fhall have been approved of by him or them, to the accountant-general, to be by him examined ; and the auditor-general ffiall be entitled to the fame fe. s which he has ufually received on the accounts heretofore prepared by him ; and they the laid clerk of the pells and auditor of the exchequer, and all other officers and miniiters of the treafury, and of the receipt of the exchequer, and their deputies, clerks, and fubftitutes refpe&ivcly, ffiall, in the matters aforefaid, and in all other matters and things concerning their offices, demean them-felves according to their rcfpc&ive duties, and be anfwera-ble for the fame, as well to our fovereign lord the King, as to any perfon or peifons who may fqffer, or be injured ty any neglt& or failure therein.

Declarations - *' ^ n4 1,c	That	declarations	of	the	receipt*,

qf the receipts, pfueg, :md remains of the treafuiy, ligned by three or more tflues, and re- com::	of	the treasury, and counterfigued by ute

mains, figned as auditor general, ft all be laid half-yearly before the ehiet herein.	governor

*795* Chap. ^8.



*The thirty-fifth Year of George III; * '

§rft*ernor air chief governors of this kingdom; to be by him tranfmitted to his Majefty. ,	,

XVI.	And be it declared and ena&ed* Thfrt the lord.high kreafurer; or the commiffioners for executing the office of lord high treafurer, lhall not iflue, or caufe to be jfltied, any inoney out of the receipt of the exchequer; of his Maiefty’s treafury of this kingdom* until h$ or they (hall have obtained by a reprefentation to the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, fome fufficient grant br authority, under the great of piivy feal, or fign manual of his Majefty, His heirs or fiicceffors, King’s letter, King’s Warrant, of exemplification of King’s ietter or I£ing*s wan-, rant, by the lord lieutenant; or iinlefs there (hall he fuffi-, cient authority for tt?e fame, upder foiine grant from fome. bf his Majefty’^ royal predectflors, dr under fome a & pr a&a. bf parliament id that behalf; and not otherwife.

XVII.	And be it further erta&ed, That' the teller of’.

tKe exchequer (hall draw on the governor and company of, the bank of Ireland, for any fuih or portion of the duties, aids, revenues and taxes, from time to time. depofited in their hands, purfpajQt to a refolution of the houie of cpm-. inoniy which (hall from time to time be necefiary; and (hall fpecify in each and every draft, the particular fervice for ’which the fame is drawn; and no draft, of the teller, or his deputy, (nail be deemed a fufficient Voucher to .the faid governor and company bf the bank of Ireland, ilnlefs the lame (hall be drawn in the manner aforefaid, and fiiall be actually paid by the faid governor and company of the banl^ bf Ireland.	,

XVItl. And be it fcna£ted, That the accountant general for the time being, (hall make out and 'tranfmit weekly* to the chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom tor the time being, and alfo to the lord high treafurer, ot to the commiffioners for executing the office of lord high treafurer, a declaration or abftraft of the receipts and payments, and alfo of the balances of Cafh of all the collectors bf the duties of Cuftotns arid excife in this kingdom; and that the ireafurer of the board bf works and. barracks, and bf the ordnance, and receiver general of ftamp duties, and treafurer to the poft office, (hall refpe&ivcly make out, and tranfmit weekly to the lord high tceafurer; or to the faid fcommiffioners, a declaration or abftradt of the receipts and payments in their feveral offices.

XIX. And be it cria&cd, That the commiffioners of mnpreft accounts, (hall from time to time, when any account or accounts (hall have been examined by them; tranfmit to the commiffioners for executing the office of lord high trea-farer of this kingdom, a copy of every fuch account or Vo*,. K,	H.	fccCounts

Lord high trpafurer not to -iflue money without author rity as herein.

Teller of exchequer to draw on bank of Ireland fof moaey depofited at herein, Scci

Accbtmtaftt-gen. to tranfmit weekly to chief gov. an abftradfc as her tin. "

Commidioners of impreft accounts to tranfmit to commiffioners of trea* fury a copy of accounts examined-

Digitized by Google

fcbmmlfeouer* of duties, foe. to furntih account of the eftatyifh* merits of their officer

Ths Mfriyrfftb yVarve^ Gefcige HI.

accounts* with their report thereon ; and (hall examine and report on all accounts, or matters of account, which (hall from time to time be referred to them, by the faid commiffioners for executing the office of lord high treafurer of this kingdom.

XX. And be it enafted, That from and after the puffing of this aft, the commiffioners for the collection and management of the duties of cuftoms, exerfc and ftampt, (haft, and they are hereby required rtffpeftivcly to lay before the lord high treafurer, or commiffioners for executing the Office of lord high treafurer of this kingdom, once in every quarter of a year, or oftenet if required, an account of the fftabhfhment of the feveral officers to their refpeftive departments ; and alfb an account of their refpeftive falaries, and of aH charge's, and of all incident and contingent expences, to and, about the management of the revenues committed to their charge refpeftively ; and the faid commiffioners of cuftoms, exciie and ftamps, fhaM, as often as it (hall be de* manded, give an account to the lord high treafurer* or the edimtirffioners for executing the office of lord high treafurer Of this kingdom, of aH their aftings and proceedings in purfuance of their refpeftive commiffions.

. XXI. And be it further enafted. That from and after the paffing of this aft, the figniftcation, certificate* or entry probation,under 0f the approbation, under the Ggn manual of the chief gov. fornewfa- governo* or chief governors of this kingdom, of aH allow-Euics, &c. ance °f new fabrics, penfions, or gratuities, made from time to time by the commiffioners of cuftoms, cxeife, or ftamps, to officers or perfons in their refpeftive departments, fhall be counterfigned by three or more of the eotiimiffionets of the treafury, any few, ftatute, or ufage to the contrary in any Vrife notwithftanding.

Officers tww	4All. And be it enafted* That from and after the paf-

tdoyed in col- fing of this aft, all officers and petfons whatfoever conccm-IcAing revenue* *d or employed in charging, couefting, levying, or manag-* tooWVrvc orders any duties, aids*, revenues, or taxes, which (hall be ^ lord high uea-	t0 his fyiajefty, his heirs and fucceffors, (hall in and

for the better execution of their offices and trufta, obferve £ud perform all fueh rides, methods, and orders, as they ftiall refpeftiVely from time to time receive from the lord high treafurer of this kingdom, or the commiffioners for executing the office of lord high treafurer, for the time being, concerning the collecting aod levying of the (aid duties, aids, revenues, and taxes, and the difpofttion and management of the fame in tranfitu; and if any officer or |>erfon concerned or employed in charging, colltfting, levying, or managing the aforefaid duties, aids, revenues, or

____ fixes, fhall negkftj or refuk to obey the orders of the (aid

i	lord

“The fignificii tlon of ihe ap-

I

Digitized by Google

Prnaky on

The thirty fifth Tear of George III.

lord high treafurer, or the commiflioners for executing the office of lord high treafurer, he fhall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay to fuch perfon as fhall fue for the fame in inanner aforefaid, the fum of five hundred pounds, if the yearly falary of fuch perfon amount to five hundred pounds, but if the fame fhall not amount to five hundred pounds,

(hen fuch fum as (hall be equal to his yearly ialary, and fhall be di fabled to hold his office,

XX11T And be it further ena&ed, That if any perfon ________________j

concerned fn the receipt or colle&ioti of any of his Majef- collector refuf-ty’s revenues, or having the cultody thereof, fhall refufe of ingtopay ac-negle£l to difeharge and pay any draff, receipt, or acquit- Jabnc^' ^ tance, drawn by any receiver-general, or by the lord high A cc‘* treafurer, or commiflioners for executing the office of lord high treafurer for any balance in his hands after being thereto required as aforeraid, then he or they for fuch offence (hall be difmifled from his or their employment, and be charged with intereft for the monies fo by him or them detained, after the rate of twelve. pounds pcr centum per annum.

XXIV.	And for the due exefeife of edntroul and fupe-rintendance by the commiflioners of tlie treafury, over all offices of receipt and expenditure, be it declared and cri-a&ed, that it fhall not be lawful for any perfon employed in the coUe&ion and management of any branch of public revenue, to hold the office of a commiflioner of the treafury.

XXV.	And be it ena&ed, That no noliprofequi on any fuit or a&ion again ft any officer of his Majefly’s treafury, or any receiver-general of any duties payable to his Ma-jefty, or any colle&or of his Majefly’s revenue, or any distributor of flamps, or the perfon or perfons who fhall jointly with fuch receiver-general, collector, or diflributor of ftamps, have entered into mrety to his Majefty for thp faithful performance of the duties of their refpe&ive offices, for recovering of any money for which any fuch perfon is or fhall be liable, fhall be granted or figned without the confent of the lord high treasurer, or commiflioners for executing the office of lord high treafurer for the time being.

XXVI.	And be it Further ena&ed. That the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, fhall make out and tranfmit weekly, to the chief governor or chief governors bf this kingdom, and affo to the lord high treafurer, or to the commiffiohers for executing the office of lord high treafurer of this kingdom, a declaration or abflraft of the receipts and payments on account of the teller of the exebe-qae*.

H*	XXVII.	And

No perfon employed in col legion or management o£ revenue to be a commiflioner of treafury.

No Wrprgfe-qui againft officers, as herein.

Gpv. of bank of Ire hind, to tranfmit to chief gov. and lord high treafurer, ail abftraf& of receipts -nd payments.

Digitized by Google

The thirty fifth Yedr of George III.

XXVII. And be it ena&cd, That from £nd after th€ patting of this a&, the tivafuftr's to the ordnance, and committioncis of barracks, and the board of works for thtf time being, (hall keep an account with the bank for all Trcafurcrs to moil*cs ift'ued to, or directed to be paid to them reflectively, for the ufe of their fevcial offices ; and (hall not be an-> fwerable for any money which they rcfpc&ively fhall not actually receive; and the governor and company of the work3 to keep ^ank	1 reland, fhall be anfwerable for all the monies which

an account with	be	actually	received by them, on any of the faid ac-

counts.

XXVIIL And whereas fcvernl fums of money have beer* paid out of his Majefty’s treafury, by the late vice-trea-furevs or their deputy, on account of public fervices, pur*

ordnance, com* n ilTioners of barracks, and the board of

the bank.

Auditor of exchequer, and-clerk oi pells to

ments as appear by voucher to have been authorized by Ld. ideutenaut.

allow, fuch pay- fuant to warrants or letters of the lord lieutenant of thi* kingdom, which payments have not yet been authoiized by his Majctty’s letters or warrants 3 be it ena&ed, that the auditor of the exchequer, and the clerk of the pells, fhall and may examine att accounts of fetch monies fo paid, an<l the vouchers and authorities under which fuch payment? were made, and allow all fuch payments therein, as (halt appear by fuch vouchers to have been authorized by thy lord lieutenant of this kingdom, in the fame manner as if fuch payments were made in purfuanee, or under the author rity of his Majetty’s letters or warrants ; and fhall certify and record fuch account; and in cafe his Maiefty fhall be pleafed under his fign manual to.dire&, that tne amount of fuch payments be allowed, not exceeding a fum of fix hundred and ninety-fix thousand two hunched and fifty-feven pounds thirteen fhillings and five pence farthing, tie faid vice-treafurersor their deputy, fhall be fully: difeharged and acquitted therefrom.

XXIX. And whereas certain fums of money have been remitted from Great Britain, to re-pay certain fums due to thetreafury of this kingdom ; be it enadted, that it fhall and may be lawful for the teller of the exchequer, to acknowledge and charge himfelf with the receipt of all fum or fums, not exceeding in the whole three hundred and twenty-five thoufand pounds* Irifh currency, fo remitted to the treafury of this kingdom, in the fame manner as any money granted and paid to his iviajeily for the fupport of hi* government in this kingdom.

After 29 Sep. XXX. And be it further cna&ed, That from and after office ot payr. if- the twenty-ninth day of September next, tiie office of pay-terof.pcAlLoi.-s matter of penfions on the civil eftablifhment fhall ceafe, be to cc4c. . fuppreffed, and utterly abolished.

Adjutctt Tn. XXXI. And be it ena&ed, That from and‘after the paf-Vf	fing of this adb, the adjutant-general or hk deputy, fhall

’ i0rd	4>	turf

Tetter of exchequer may i'cknuwledge receipt of all fums.

Digitized by Google

The thirty fifth Tear of George III.

dPvery month make out and prefent to the lord high treasurer, or the commjffioners for executing the office of lord J?igh treafurer, an account of the number of the effective coinmiflioned and non-commiffioned officers arid private $nen, ferviog in this kingdom, diftinguiffiing eaefy corps refpc&ively.

XXXII.	And be it enafted, That it (hall not be lawful for the lord high treafurer, or the commiffioners for executing the office of. lord high treafurer, to iftue any money for the fubfiftence, or on any account of any regiment, troop, or company, for more than four months, from the time of its arrivrj in this kingdom, unlefs fuch regiment, troop pr company, (hall be placed on the eftablifhment of this kingdom.

XXXIII.	And be it ena&ed, That all alterations in his Majefty’s eftabliftiment, refpefting the number of men in any regiment, troop or company, (hall once in every month, be certified to the lord high treafurer, or to the commiffioners for executing the office of lord high treafurer, by the officer or perfon duly authorized thereto, to whom his Majefty’s letters for fuch purpofe be addreffed, in order to pnable him or them to jflue tfie nepeffary fums in purfqancp of fuch eftablifhment,

XXXIV.	And be it ena&ed, That the commiffioners for fhe time being, for executing the office of lord high treafurer, (hall be> an$ they pr any of them are, and is hereby empowered to admlnifter all oaths neceffary to be taken by any perfop touching all masters and things \vhatfoevc( under their cognizance.

XXXV.	And be it ena&ed, That no perfon whatfoever, exercifmg the office of commiflioncr of the treafury, or fecretary to the faid commiffioners, or employed in the management, collection, or charging of any of his Majesty's revenues, (hall be impannelhrd or fummoned to ierve on any jury, or (hall be foied for not appearing on any jury; and all fines on any perfon exercifmg ar.y of fuch offices, for not appearing on any jury, and ail proceeding* fpr }e vying thereof, (hall be void.

high u<*r\furer of the number of effe&ive men, &c.

Only four month* fiiblif-tepce allowed.

Alteration? in the eftabltfh-merit to be certified to lord high treafuref.

Commiffioner*

empowered to

adminiiler

oaths.

Conrvmifllonera &c. not to be imj aimeled on* juries.

CHAP.

Digitized by LjOOQle

fit	The thirty fifth Tear of George	III.

A. D.

1795.

CHAP. XXIX.

An Aft for regulating the Eledion of Members to ferve in Par-f	Jiament, and for repealing the fevered Ads therein men-

tioned.

WHEREAS the laws for regulating the eleftion and return of members to ferve in parliament, have been found inadequate to the purpofes intended : be it therefore enafted by the King's moll excellent Majefly, by and with the advice and content of the lmds fpiritual and temporal, r p t and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by *795>* GeoUIIi! ^e authority of the fame. That from and after the firlt c. T^’cxccptfuch day of June, which will be in the year one thoufand feven part as relates t,o hundred and ninety-five, an aft pafled in the fecond year rlc&ion ©fan ef the reign of King George the firfl, entitled, An Ad for alderman or •	more effedual preventing fraudulent conveyancer, in order to

UI®	multiply	votes	for eleding members to ferve in parliament, and

for preventing the irregular proceedings of jherijfs and other officers in eleding and returning fuch membersy except fuch part thereof as relates to the new eleftion of an alderman or burgefs of a corporation upon death, removal or refignation ; and alfo an aft palled in the firll year of the reign of his late Majefly King George the fecond, entitled, An Ad for the further regulating the eledion of members of parliament, and preventing the irregular proceedings of Jherijfs and other ojfficersy in eleding and returning fuch members, except fo much thereof as relates to the new eleftion of an alderman or burgefs of a corporation upon death, removal or refignation; and alfo an aft pafled in the nineteenth year of the reign of hi* late Majefly King George the fecond, entitled* An ad for better regulating elediens of members ti ferve in parliament ; and alfo fo much of an aft pafled in the twenty-firA: year of the reign of his faid late Majefly King George the fecond, entitled, An ad to amend and make more effectual an ad9 entitled, An ad for letter regulating elections of members to ferve in parliament, and for the more effedual quieting of corporations and fecuring the right of perjons who have been or Jbrdl be eleded into the offices of aldermen and burgeffes within any corporation of this kingdom, as relates to the eleftion of members to ferve in parliament; and alfo an aft pafled in the third year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, entitled. An ad for the more effedual preventing bribery and corruption in the eledions of members to ferve in parliament, and the magi-Jlrates of cities, boroughs and towns corporate; and alfo an

aft

Digitized by L^ooQie

Tie thirty-fifth Tpar of George lilt	1*9

parted m the fifteenth and fifteenth years of the relgt A. IX of his prefent Majefty, entitled, An aft for better	179$.

gnlating the- eieftion of members to ferve in pfirkament / and Chip. 19* alfo fo piuch of an a& parted in the twpaty-firft and twenty* ^ feepnd years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, entitled.

An aft for the more effectually preventing tie multiplying votes at ckftions of members to ferve in parTtarrentfor boroughs token a right of voting is vefted in the froteftarft inhabitants m general) or proieflant inhabitants and others, as relates to the de&ion of members to ferre in parliament, except fuch part or parti thereof as relate to the ele&ions of chief magistrates, bur* geffee and freemen, which faid part and parts are to continue and remain in force of law, as if this a& had not been paf-fed ; and alfo an a& parted in the twenty-firft and twenty* fecond years of the reign‘of his prefent Majefty, entitled*

. /tn ad to explain and amend an aft f affed this fffion of farTtO) ment, entitled, An aft for the more effectually preventing the multiplying of votes at elections of members to ferve in parliament for boroughs where the right of voting is vfled in the proieflant inhabitants in general^ or protljlant inhabit ants and others ; and alfo an aft parted in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, entitled, An ad to amend an aft) entitled. An aft for preventing bribery and corruption in elections for members to ferve in parliament ; and alfo an^a6l parted in the twenty-fifth year of the reign' of his prefent Majefty, entitled, An aft for the more effecluaHj regijlertng of freeholders ; and alfo an a6t parted in the twenty* fixth year pf the reign of his prefent Majefty, entitled,

An aft to fujfendfor a limited time the operation of an aft paffed lafl fefjion ofparliament) entitled, Aft aft for the, more effeftually regijlering of freeholders') fo far as the fame (ball affeft the elec« tion of members to ferve in parliament ; ana alfo an adl parted in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, entitled, An aft for amending the feveral law relative to the regijlering of freeholders j and alfo an a61 parted in th$ twentyt eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, en* titled. An aft for the further amendment of the lavs relative to the regijlering of freeholder*; and alfo an a6l parted in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, en* titled. An aft to continue the effeft of an aft% entitled, An aft . for the further amendment of the lato relative to the regtflering <f freeholders; and alfo an a& parted in the thirtieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, entitled. An aft to con-	.

tinue the effeft of an aft9 entitled, An aft for the further amend- therein. ment of the law relative to the regijlering of freeholders ; (hall be repealed to all intents and purpofes wnatfoever, except fo far as relates to any perfbn who may offer to vote at any de&ion for a member or members to ferve in parliament,

the

Digitized by ^ooQle

Elections of knight pf a Jhire, &c.

When apd to whom the iheriff |Kair iffue hi?

When the Iheriff of a city or town (haft told elc&ion.

The thirty-fifth Tear of George III.

the ted of the writ for holding of which (hall bear date bft fore the fird day of Jspmary, one thpufand fev^n hundred SM*d nipety-feyen, or to the powers or cpndu& of the return-: ipg officer or any deputy in refpedf to. any fuch perfon of perfons, and the path or paths to be adminidered to him,

II.	And be (t further enadyd, That fvery eledion to he piade'pf a knight or knights of a (hire, to * ferve in parliament for any county in this kingdom, fhall be holden at the mace where the aflizes for fuch county, and in tfie county of XPubhii/ where the feffioiis. of the peace for the faid county: were lad held previous to fuch eledion, on fuch day as the Sheriff fhs^Il appoint, not fooner than ten not later than twenty day8 after he fhall have received the writ for hplding the feme; and that the (heriff ffiall then and there proceed %o eledion, apd (hall not adjourn to any other town or place^ nor without the confent of all the candidates longer than from day to day, uniefs a Sunday (hall intervene, and then only from Saturday to the next Monday, and (hall duly and orderly, and without delay, proceed in taking of the poll from day to day, until all the freeholders who (hall there prefent themfelves (hall be polled, and eyery (heriff (ball eaufe to be affixed on the door of the county court~houfef ppblick notice, figned by himfelf, of the day for holding the eledion, ten days at the lead preceding fpeh day.

III.	And be it further enadtd* That t|ie (heriff of eyery county, (hall within four days after he (hall receive the writ for the elodjon of any members to ferye in parliament, for. any place or places within his county, iffue his precept o£ precepts, arid eaufe the fapxe to be delivered to fucb ading magi ft rate or magiftrptes, officer or officers of fuch place oc places as made the fed return of members to ferye in parlfe^ pient for the fame, be he mayor, fovereign, portrieve, pro-

od, burgo-mader, bailiff or fenefchal, and to no other per# on; and fuch magidrate or officer (hall hold the eledioq theieppon, within twenty days from the day of his receiving the precept* haying in the ufual publicfc place in fuch bo# rough, caufed to be affixed notice under his hand, of the time and place of holding fuqh eledion four days at the leal^ preceding the day of fuen eledion, and ftich (heiiff (hall accept the return of every fuch precept from fuch magidrate and officer only, to whom he feaU have £> direded fuch pre# cept refpediyely. *

” IV. And be it further enaded, That the fheriffor (hcrifft of a city or town, being a county in itfelf, (hall hold the eledion for fuch cjty or town within twenty days from the day of receiving the writ, having in the ufual place of fuch city or town, caufed to be affixed notice under his or their

i

Digitized by kjOOQle

Where (heriff

The thirty fifth Tear of George III.

hand, of the time and place of holding fuch eledion, ten /days at the leaft, preceding the day of the eledion. r V. And be it further enaded, That in cafe the (heriff of any county (hall have reafon tw apprehend a conteft at any eledion to be held by him, or in cate any candidate for fuch cojanty (hall, three days at the leaft, previous to the day ap-pointed for holding an eledion, by writing under his hand ^JXbcJrc&ed Require the (heriff, fuch (heriff (hall caufe to be ereded on or hired, with a fpme convenient place in or near th$ feffion-houfe, or place clerk aud deputy . >yhere he (hall hold fuch election, though fuch place (hould to f^b, at one happen to be in the county of a town or city, fo many Kuinca	<“1*

booths, or hire fo many buildings as, together with the '

Qpunty conrt-houfe, (}iall make up fo many feparate /places for taking the poll as there are baronies or half-baronies iq the county, and (hall appropriate one of the faid booths, buildings, or other places- to each barony or half-barony, the name whereof be (hall caufe tp be affixed, in large legible pharafters, on fome confpicqous part of the outffde thereof, and he (hall appoint a clerk for each, and alfo a deputy for each, except for the pne where he (hall himfelf prelide j and the expence of every fuch booth or building, and of repair^ pig and keeping up the fame during the poll, and the wages of every fuch deputy and clerk, which (hull not exceed the yate of one guinea a day for each, (hall be paid jointly by all the candidates, tp the (heriff upon demand.

VI.	And be it further enaded, Thqt in all eledions for Where elec-Sny member or members to ferve in patliament, not being tions are not for yledions for a knight or knights of the (hire, the returning	^

officer or officers (hall, upop demand made to him or them cere™ hfreor by any candidate in writing under his hand, three days at the cre£ booths,&c. leaft pluvious to the day of holding the eledion, c tufe to be jreded in or near the place appointed for holding the election, as many booths, or hire as, many buildings for taking the poll as fuch candidate fha^l fo ddire by writing under hi%

{land, provided that the number of eledors polled on the la ft pr any former eledion (hall have exceeded two hundred y and provided alfo, that the number of booths or buildings, together with the place appointed for holding the eledion,

(hall not exceed the rate of one place for every one hundred gledors, which were polled at the laft or any former eledion ; apd the returning officer or officers (hall appoint a clerk for each place, and a deputy, for each, except where he or they Ihallprefide ; and the expences of ereding 6r hiring every fuch booth or building, and of repairing and keeping up the fame during the poll, and the wage# of eveiy focli deputy and clerk, which (hall not exceed one guinea a day for each,

{hall be paid jointly by all the candidates to the returning officer or officers upon demand.

* ’ *	•	'	VII. And

Digitized by k^ooQle

At ele&ions far knight* of fhire freeholders to be polled in booths

Poll-books to be kept open 7 hours a day.

Returning officer to take the following oath.

The thirty-fifth Tear of George III.

*

VII.	.And be it further ena&ed, That on every de&ioa for a knight or knights of a (hire, every freeholder (hall be polled only in the booth, building, or place appropriated as aforefaid to the barony or halfrbarony, in which the freehold by virtue of which he offers to vote is either wholly or in part fituated ; and that every (heriff may himfelf take the poll in any of the booths, buildings, or other places appropriated as aforefaid, and from time to time, during the ele&ion, change from one to the other as he (hall think fit ; and that every returning’ officer or officers may, from time to time, during every cle&ion, remove any deputy, or appoint another m hie room, and may change every deputy-from one booth or building to another, as often as he (hall think fit.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That every returning officer, unkfs prevented by accident or unavoidable neccffity, (an entry of the nature of which accident or neceffity (hall be made at large on the poll-book, and figned by him) (hall caufe the poll to he kept open in his own and every deputy’s court, on every day for (even hours at the lead, between eight in the morning and eight at night, Sunday and Chrift-mas-day only excepted, from the commencement of the election, until the poll (hall be finally clofed, unlefs the confent-of all the candidates (hall be given for his doing otherwife, every which confent (hall be entered on his poll-book.

IX.	And be it further ^na&ed, That every returning-officer (hall, before he proceeds to take the poll, take and fubferibe in open court the oath following, which every juft ice of the peace is hereby required ana authorized to adroiniftcr.

Oath.	I B. do fivcar, that I will honejlly, impartially, and

without favour to any candidate, take the poll at this eleBion, and that I have not direflly or indireQly received, nor will I hereafter diredly or indirectly receive any money, gift, reward, promife, contraB, or fecurity for money or other reward, for or in refp§8 of the conduB which I (hall obferve during the enfuing poll, or the return which I Jhall make at the clofe thereof, except the expences of ere ding booths, hiring buildings, keeping them in repair, and the payment of clerks and deputies, and eounfel for my afft/lanee, and that I will retam fuch ferfon or perjons as Jhall appear to the bejl of my judgment at the clofe of the poll, to have the majority of legal votes•

And that every deputy appointed by virtue of this a&, (hall, before he proceeds to take the poll, take and fubferibe in open court the oath following, in prefence of the return ing-

officer

Deputies to • take the follow* fug oath.

Digitized by Google

The thirty-fifth Tear of George III.

Dffyer or officers, who is, and are hereby required and empowered to admiuifter the feme:

I yf. 3. do /wear, that I will honejlly, impartially, and without favour to any candidate, take the poll at this eleBion, and that I have not direSly or indireBly received, nor will I hereafter dircBly or indireBly receive any money, gift, reward* promife, contraB or fecurity for money, or other reward for, or in refbeB of the condud / Jhall obferve, during the cn*

Juing poll, ana that I will make a fair and true return of aU fucb perfons as Jhall tender their votes before me, to be by me taken to the returning officer or officers by whom J am appointed^ whenever ami at often as I Jhall be thereunto squired by him or them.

And a memorandum of every of the faid oaths being taken,

(hall be entered on the poll-book.

X.	And be it further cna&ed, That every deputy (hall, upon notfee given to him by the returning-officer, each day

dole his poll-book, and deliver m the lame immediately to pog^oek* fuch officer, who (hall fum up thereupon the number of votes polled on fuch day for each candidate, to be read aloud and entered on his poll-book in open court; and if any deputy (hall tefufe to deliver his poll-book when required by the returning-officer, or (hall, continue to take the poll after he fhall have been direfted by him to flop, and before he (hall be again diredled by him to proceed, or after his deputation fhall be revoked, he (hall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds to any perfon who fhall fuc for the fame, to be recovered as hcrein-after directed, and every vote admitted by him after fuch refufal or direction to flop, or revocation, fhall be void, and the perfon who offered fuch vote, fhall not be deemed to have voted, and is hereby declared not to have voted or to have been polled at fuch ele&ion.

XI.	Provided always, and be it ena&cd, That every fuch Removals, ap; removal and new appointment of a deputy, and fuch no- P01/1,?1??118’&c# tice to a deputy to clofe the poll, and deliver up his book, £iaimcd7 *T°~ or to change from one booth or building to another, fhall

be made publickly, and proclaimed in the place where fuch deputy fhall take the poll by the re turning-officer or officer*;, or feme perfon to be for that purpofe appointed by him or them.

XII.	And be it further enabled, That if any perfon or Rioting (hall perfons fhall violently, riotoufly, or outrageoufly diilurb or not hc an CTCU^C interrupt any elc&ion, or th$ proceedings of the poll, fuch o ng t c diflurbance, riot, or mifbehaviour, fhall not be any excufe to

the returning-officer or officers, nor afford him or them any pretence for dofieg the poll, or making a return, but the

court

Oath.

50I. penalty

f

Digitized by i^ooQle

t*4

The thirty-fifth Year of George TIL

A. D.

1795-

Chap. 29*

Pcrfons convicted of rioting, &c. &c. may b« tranf-portcd for 7 &c.

Officer returning more than the number ditched to forfeit aoool.

No fee or reward to returning officer; aad pcrfons giving or accepting conti acts forfeit the amount and flpol.

court (hall thereupon be adjourned for fome convenient tfme as the occaifion may require, and if ncceffary, (hall be further continued by adjournment from time to time, until fuch difr turbance (hall h^ve ceafed, when fuch returning-officer (hall again proceed in taking the poll; and every penon who (hall be by due courfe of law convicted of having violently, riot-oufly, or outrageoufly difturbed the court, or otherwife mif-behayed, fo as forcibly to interrupt the proceeding of the poll, or of having wilfully effaced, obliterated, torn, altered, or deftroyed the whole or any part of the poll-book of the returning officer or officers, or any deputy, whereon any thing relative to the faid election (hall have been e itcrcd, or of having forcibly or fraudulently taken or fecreted the fame, or any part thereof, or the writ or precept for holding fuch eleftion, (hall be adjudged guilty of felony* and be tranf-ported for feven years, to fome part of his Majefty’s dominions out of Europe^ or be imprifoned for any time not more than fevtn years, at the difcretiQqof the judge or judges who (hall try fuch perfon.

XIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That no returning officer or officers, (hall upon any pretence whatsoever, return more than the number of perfon $ he (hall by his writ or precept be required to return, and that in cafe of an equality of voices for any two or more candidates upon the clofe of the poll, he (hall be obliged to give a calling voice whether otherwife legally qualified to vote or not, or whether he (hall have voted pr not at fuch ele£fion ; and if any returning officer or officers ffiall return more than the number of perfon^ who (hall by the writ or precept be dire6ted to be returned, fuch returning officer or officers (hall forfeit the fum of twp thoufand pounds, to the perfon who fhall firlt fuc for the fame, to be recovered as hereinafter dire&ed, and fuch returning officer or officers (hall be rendered incapable of ever, after voting at any election for a member or numbers to fervq in parliament.

XIV.	And be it further ena&ed. That no fee, gratuity^ or reward whatfoever (hall be given, paid, received or taken by any (heriff or returning officer or t)fficers of any county^ city, town or borough, for making out, or for the delivery, return, or execution of any writ or precept for the elc&injg a member or members to Serve in parliament, and that all contracts, promifes, bonds and Securities tp be jnade or giveti to any (heriff or other returning officer or officers for making a return of any member to ferve ni parliament, or to pay fuch (heriff or returning officer or officers, any fum or funis of money by way of gratuity or reward for making fuch return, or otherwife in refpeft thereof, (hall be and are hereby declared to be null and void; and whofoever (haH make.

Digitized by L^ooQle

The thirty-fifth Tear of George iff.

l«S

A. Dw

795-Chap. 29**

Officer or diet

or accept of ftich contradl, promife, bond or other fecu-tity, or any gift or reward to procure any falfe return, fhall forfeit a fuIn equal to the value given or intended to'be given, or accepted in fuch eontradl, promife, or other fecu^ rity, gift, or reward, and alfo the further fom of two hun* di ed pounds, to any perfon who (hall firft fue for the fame, to be recovered as is herein after diie&cdj

XV.	And be it further cna&ed, That if any returning __________________

officer or officers, or any deputy who fhall be appointed putycaufingi&w purfuant to this a&, (half unneceflarily and wilfully protra£l	l?clay\

the poll, or be guilty of any wilful and unneceflaiy delay in

taking the fame, every fuch returning officer of officers, and every fuch deputy fo offending, (hall forfeit the fum of fivcf hundred pounds to any perfon who fhall firft fue for the fame, to be recovered as herein after directed.

XVI.	And be it further ena&ed. That in alt ele&ions at Place of ftet* •which any perfon fhall vote as a freeholder, the returning hold, *cc &c. officer or officers, and every deputy, fhall enter in the poll-

book, the place of every fuch perfon's freehold, and the jcifrcrpoll-0 barony or baronies, or half barony or half-baronies wherein books within fuch freehold lies, and alfo his place of abode, as he fhall ao-days after 'declare the fame feverally at the time of offering or giving dc&ion. his vote, and alfo fhall enter, Sworn or Affirmed (as the cafe fhall be) againft the name of every eleftor to whom any of the oaths or affirmations by this aft required or authorized fhall be tendered, and by whom the fame fhall be taken, diftinguifhing the nature of the oath or affirmation ; and that every fherfff prefiding at any eleftion for a knight or knights of the fhirC fhall, within twenty days next after any ele&ion for a knight or knights of the fhire fhall have been clofed, faithfully deliver over unto the clerk of the peace of the county, all the poll books of fuch ele&ion. verifying upon oath that he delivers them without any embezzlement, obliteration, erafure, or alteration, to be carefully kept and pre-ferved amongft the records of the county.

XVII.	And be it further ena&ed, That in the cafe of a Officers t* general ele£lion, every returning officer., who fhall hold an make return* election by virtue of a precept, fhall make due return of fuch 6 ^or® precept fix days at leaft before the return of the writ by vir- return ‘ wntt* tue of which faid precept fhall have ifliied, and that all and

every fheriff and fhenffs who fhall receive any writ for the elelfion of any member to ferve. in parliament, fhall make due return of fuch writ to the clerk of the crown, on or before die day on which fuch writ fhall be returnable.

XVIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That in all cafes Return of * where a writ fhall be iflued during a feflion or prorogation

of parliament, the return be made thereof to the clerk of ^uVn within 30 the crown within forty days after the tell thereof, and if by days, or for/tic

\irtue xool. per day-

Digitized by kjOOQle

Tie thirty-fifth Tear of George ITT.

virtue of fuch writ the ele&ion (hall be held by precept, thtf return of fuch precept (hall be made to the (heriff within thirty days after the date thereof; and every (heriff and other returning officer making default therein, (hall forfeit to any perfou who (hall fue for the fame, the fum of one hundred pounds for each day fuch default (hall be made, to be recovered in manner herein after mentioned.

XIX.	And be it further ena&ed, That no perfon to be hereafter elc&ed to ferve in Parliament for any county, city, 99	*	town,	or borough, (hall after the ted of the writ of fum-

mons to Parliament, or after the vacancy (hall have happened, to fupply which the cle&ion (hall be held, by himfelf, his friends, or agents, or any perfon or perfons employed in his behalf, dire&ly or indiredly give, prefent or allow to any perfon or perfons having a vote or votes in fuch election, any money, meat, drink, entertainment, or provi-fion, cockades, ribbands, or any other mark of diftin&ion, or make any prefent, gift, reward, or entertainment, or (hall at any time hereafter make any pro mi Pc, agreement, obligation, or engagement, or give or allow any money, meat, drink, provifion, prefent, entertainment, or reward, to or for any fuch perfon or perfons in particular, or to any fuch county, city, town, or borough in general, or to or for the ufe, advantage, benefit, employment, profit or preferment of any fuch perfon or perfons, place or places, in •rder to be ek&cd, or for being ele&ed to ferve in Parliament for fuch county, city, town or borough ; and that every perfon and perfons fo giving, prefen ting or allowing, making, promifing, or engaging, doing, a&ing, or proceeding, fhall be, and is, and are hereby declared to be di£ abled and incapacitated to ferve in Parliament upon fuch election for fuch county, city, town, or borough.

Candidates to XX. And be it further enm&ed. That no candidate for employ agents, a county fhall employ at, or for any cle&ion for faid corns-Jw. as hertia. where a poll (hall take place, more hired agents or hired clerks than after the rate of one agent and one clerk for each barony or half-barony in faid county, and that no candidate for any city, town, or borough, (hall employ at, or for any eie&km which ffiall be held there, where a poll fhall take place, more hired agents or hired clerks than one agent or one clerk for every one hundred voters who polled at the tail, or any previous eledion held there, and that no higher fum fhall be paid to any fuch clerk or agent than five guineas for the firft day, and two guineas for every further day which the poll (hall continue; and if any candidate fhafi '	employ	at,	or for any eledion, more hired clerks or agents

than hereby allowed, or pay or proraife to pay difeduy or iadiredly, to any clerk or agent, more than the wages herein

Digitized by Google

No connfel to

The thirtyffih tear of George III.

ia fpeeified, he (hall for every, fuch offence, forfeit to any perfon who (haH foe for the fame, the fum of one thousand pounds.

XXT. And be it further enaded, That no bairifter or oounfel, or friend, or advifer of the court, although an -sledor, (hall be permitted to plead before, or be heard at oounfel, by any returning officer or any deputy, at any dec- deputy. ° tion, on the part of any candidate or elector, -either for or again# the right of any perfon to vote at fuch cledkm or otherwife.

XXII.	Provided always. That it (haH and may be lawful Returning for any returning officer to employ a barrifter or counfel to o®ccr

affift him in the execution of his duty, and that every candi- P * amfter. date may pay any fum he thinks proper towards defraying the evptnce thereof.

XXIII.	And be it further enaded, That if any perfon p«f0nswha who (hall have, or claim to have any right to vote in any afkor receive cledion of a member or members of parliament, (hall di- any reward, Ac. redly or indiredly afk, receive, .or take any money, or penalty 500I. other reward, by way of gift, employment, or other reward whatfoever, for himfelf, or any of his family or kindred, to give his vote, or to abftara from giving his vote in

any fuch eled ion ; or if any perfon by himfelf, his friend#.

Or by any perfon employed by him, {half by any gift or reward, or by any promife or agreement, or fecurity for any gift or reward, corrupt or procure any perfon or perfon* to give his or their vote or votes in any fuch eledion, or to abstain from giving the fame, fuch perfon (hall for every fuck offence forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds fterling, to the perfon who (hall firft fue for the fame, to be recovered as herein after direded ; and every perfon offending in any of the cafes aforefaid, from and after judgment obtained againt him m any adfon or information grounded on this ad, (hal for ever after be difabled to vote in any eledion of any member or members to ferve in Parliament, and blfo (hall be for over difabled to bold, exercife, or enjoy any office or frau* chife to which he or they then (hall, or at any time afterwards may be entitled as member of any city, borQUgh, or town corporate, as if fuch perfon was naturally dead.

XXIV.	And be it further enaded, That from and after the paffing this ad, all eftates, grants, and conveyances whatfoever, made to any perfon or perfons, in any fraudulent or eollufive manner, on purpofe, or with intent to qualify him or them to give bis or their vote or votes at any eledion or eledione of knights of the (hire, or citizens for eetmties of cities, or bnvgc&s for conutaen of towns, or any other boroughs, fubjed to conditions or agreements, to defeat or determine fuch cflatcs, grants, and conveyances,

(ball

Conveyances made fraudulently to qualify voters, daemon void.

/

Digitized by v^ooQle

A, tfc

*795-Chap. 29.

None to Tote under »i years old, &tc.j

Perfons n«t to vote whofe freeholds arV kt or demifed, as herein.

Tii tiirtyfftb fear of &e orge I if.*

&iH be deemed and taken agaiaft the perfon or periods who* * granted'fuch eft ate as free and abfohite, and be holden arufr enjoyed by all and every perfon and perfons to whom fochr conveyance or grant (hall be made as aforefaid, freed and abfolutely acquired, exonerated and difeharged of and front all manner of trufts, conditions* cl a lifts of re-entry, powers’ of revocation,' provifoesr of redemption,* or other defea- -zances whatfoever Between or with the faid parties, or any other perfon or perfons in truft for them ; a’nd that aft bonds#' covenants, collateral or other fecurities, contracts or agree-, ments between or with the faid parties, 6r any othTdr perfon or perfons in truft for them, or any of them/ for the redeeming/ revoking, or defeating fnch eftate or eftates/or for the rtftor-ing or re-conveying thereof* or any part thereof, to any perfon or perfons in truft for them, or' any of them, (half be null and void to all intents and purpofe* whatfoever; and that every perfon who (hall make and* execute futh conveyance or conveyances as aforefaid, or being privy to fuch pur-pofe, (hall devife or prepare the fame,' and eVery perfon who by colour thereof (hall give any vote at any election fot any fuch member to Grrve in parliament, (hall for every fuch grant and conveyance fo made, or vote fq created of given, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds fterling, to any perfon who (hall foe for the feme, to be recovered in manner herein after direfted. .

XXV.	And be^jt further enaffced, That n’o perfon (hall

be admitted to vote at any election of a member of menW bers to ferve in Parliament who is under the age of twenty-one years, nor by virtue of any freehold arifmg froiw a rentr charge, unlefs fuch rent-charge be of the full clear yearly value of twenty pounds at the lead, nor unlefs be (hall have been in pofleifion thereof for one whole year, and (haH have been entitled to receive one whole year’s rent and profit thereof, before the teft of the writ for holding fuch election, Unlefs faid freehold Ihsfll have come to him by de* feent, devife, marriage, or marriage fettfcment Wrthm the laid year*	-	j

XXVI.	And be it enacted/ That no perfon (hall be ai* mitted to vote at any ele&ion by virtue of any freehold which (haft be let or demifed to the perfon or perfons frortf whom he holds or derives the fame, or to any perfop in truft for him or them,. or to his or their heirs of. afligns, if *the yearly value thereof be under the fum df -twenty pounds $ and that no perfon (hall be admitted to vote at any election by virtue of a freehold which (hall be let or demifed to any perfon or perfons for the fame term for which

■he -





tt	Ttar Gtorgt Til

fee hekb tji0 fam«> if the yaluc thereof bt under tktyeatit Ajhi of twtnty pounds.

XXVII.	And be it further cna&ed, That no {prion (hatt

be admitted to vote at any ele&ion by reafon of any truft, cltatc or mortgage, unlcfs fuch trullee or mortgagee fhall have been in the a&ual poffeflion or receipt of the profits j!fs poflVffign thereof for his own ufe, twelve calendar months before the i^months. left of the writ for holding fuch ele&ion, and the mortgagor or cejlutquc truft in pofteffion (or both as the cafe may be) may vote out of fuch eftate notwithftanding fuch mortgage or truft.

XXVIII.	And be it further enadfed, That no perfon None eo v<t« fhall be admitted to vote at any election by virtue of any by virtue of freehold granted fraudulently or in exchange for a freehold freehold* m#ex-in any other county, or in confideration of any incrcafc Qf change,

r^nt out of any other lands in the fame, or in any other pounty held by fuch perfqq from the grantor, though fuch confideration be not expreffed in the deed of grant.

XXIX.	And be rt further ena&ed, That no perfon fhall Freemen to be be admitted to vote as a freeman at any ele&ion of a mem- admitted 6 ber to ferve in Parliament, whofe freedom fiiall not have month* before come to him by fervice, birth-right, or marriage, ijnlefs he

lliall have been admitted to his freedom, or his freedom fhall have been granted to him fix calendar months at the leaft he* fore the teft of the writ for holding fuch election.

XXX.	And be it further ena&ed, That no perfon fhaft Freeholders he admitted to vote at any election of a member of mejn- under sol to bers to ferve in Parliament, by virtue of a be. h-ild undo- occupy or till* tfie yearly value of twenty pounds, luileis fuch freehold Ihjjfil **

havc been in his adlu^il occupation either by iiis rtfuluig thereon, or tijlingj or gracing fhf fame to the amount of forty (hillings yearly value thereof at the time ojf his rcgil- v tcring the fame, pujrfuaqt to the provifiojis of this aCf hereafter mentioned, and alfo for fix fucceftive calendar months at the leaft, between the date of fuch rcgillry, and the teft of the writ fo* holding the election, i^nlefs luch freehold fiiall have come to fuch perfon by deyife, defeeqt, marriage, or marriage fettiement^ and was derailed at the lime it fo came, and continues at the time of fuch elect ion to be held under him by virtue of fuch demife.

XXXI.	And be it fuither enacted, That no perfon fhall Freehold* |q be admitted to vote at any election of a member or mur- beregdUr*!, bers to ferve in Parliament by virtue of a freehold, unlcfs he

ftiall hayc regiftered tjie fame within eight years preceding the teft of the writ for holding fuch efr6tion in manner following ; that is to fay, he fhafl in open court, at fome fcfiiona of the peace held fix months at the leaft previous to the fpid left, in the county, town, or city where his freehold Ues,

Vql. X.	I	take

I*$

A. flu

*795-§hap; 29.

Mo truftee;

Digitized by L^ooQle

130

The thirty Jifth Tear of George IIL

A. D.

’795-

Chap. 29.

Oath to be taken.

take and fubfcribe the following oath, or if a quaker, the following affirmation, unlefs his freehold (hall confift of a rent-charge :

I	of	in	the	county of

or of the town or city of (as the cafe may be) do fwear (or if a quaker) affirm, that I am a freeholder of the county of	and

that I have a freehold therein arifng from an boufe or houfe land or both* or other hereditaments (as the cafe may be) of the clear yearly value of forty Jbillings at the leaf, above afl charges payable out of the fame, lying and being at (naming the pari/L or parijhes, tf not extra-parochial or in depute between two parijhes, and the town-land or town-lands, and barony or half-barony, or baronies or half-baronies wherein it is fttuated) in this county, and that the faidfreehold does not arife from a rent-charge, and that I am in the adual occupation thereof by refiding thereon, or by tilling or grazing to the amount at leaf of forty jbillings yearly value thereof, (as the cafe may be), and that the faidfreehold is not fet or agreed to be fet, nor do I intend to fet the fame to the perfon or perfons from whom I hold it, or to the heirs or affgns of fuch perfon or perfons, or to any one in truf for him, her or them, and that I have not agreed to fet it for the term for which I hold it, nor have I procured it fraudulently, nor has it been granted fraudulently, or in exchange for a freehold in any other County,

But if fuch freeholder be of the yearly value of twenty pounds, and the freeholder (hall chufe to regifter it as being fo, the words twenty pounds, (hall be (ubftituted in the place of the words forty (hillings, in the foregoing oath, and the following words (hall be omitted therein, and that I am in the adual occupation thereof by ref. ding thereon or by tilling or grazing to the amount of forty Jbillings yearly value thereof.

Oath altered. XXXII. Provided always, and be it cna&ed, That if • fuch freehold be under the yearly value of twenty pounds, and ffiall have come to the perfon offering to regifter it by defeent, devile, marriage, or marriage fettlement, and was demifed at the time it fo came and continues to be held under fuch demife, the words in the foregoing oath or affirmation, And that I am in the adual occupation thereof by re-ft ding thereon, or by tilling or grazing to the amount of forty Jbillings yearly value thereof , may be omitted), and the following words infeTted in their place, and that the faid freehold came to me by defeent, devife, marriage, or marriage fettlement, (as the cafe may be) and was demifed at the time it fo came to me gridfill continues to be held underfuch demife.

-XXXIII. Provide^

Digitized by v^ooQle

The thirty-fifth Year df George III/	131

XXXIII. Provided alfo, and be it ena&ed, That In cafe A* D. * any perfon who (hall have regifterpd a freehold under the	1795.

pmvifions of this a&, (hall defire to regifter the fame free->	Oiap.'29,

bold at any fubfequent time, all the words in the foregoing '*~**00>ry**J * oath after the won! rent-charge fhall be omitted, and the foi- Alteration m lowing^ words inferted, Arid that / regiftered the/aid freehold'^jd ha^bccn*" an the	day	of	(naming	regiftered	be-

the day, month, and year when the affidavit of the regifiry was lore, under this delivered to the ad'tng clerk of the peace.)

XXXIV/And be it further enaded, That no perfon Rent charges (hall be admitted to vote at any fuch ele&ion by virtue of regiftered. a freehold arifing from a rent-charge, unlefs he fhall have regiftered the fam^ within eight years preceding the teft: of the writ for holding fuch elefiion in manner following, that is to fay, he fhall in open court at fome feflions of the peace held twelve months at the lead previous to the faid teft, in the county, town or city where his freehold arifes, take and ftibfcribe the following oath, or if a quaker the following affirmation:

■ /	of	huhecounty of Oath to ^

or the town or city of '	(as the cafe taken. '

may he) do fweary (or if a quaker affirm) thht I am a freeholder of the county of	and that I have a free-

lyohl therein^ of the clear yearly value of twenty pounds a year at the leafly above all charges payable out of the fame, conjtfling of a rent-charge granted by deed, bearing date the day of	in	the	year	on	the lands of

(naming the lands mentioned in fuch deed* and the barony or baronies, half-barony or half-baronies, wherein the fame lie) and that I am in fhe pofftffion thereof to the clear amount of twenty pounds yearly value thereof and am entitled to receive the fame as it becomes doe.

XXXV.	And be it further ena&ed. That every oath or Oaths read in affirmation made and fubferibed at any feflions of the peace court, &c. ^saforefaid, fhall be read>aloud in open court, and be figned

by two of the jufticc9 preiiding there, and fhall be then delivered by the court to the a&ing clerk of the peace,to be filed and l^ept amongfl the records of the county, town or 'city.

XXXVI.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, Where 5cl. That where the freehold, whether confiding of a rqnt- freeholders take charge or not, fhall be of the clear yearly value of fifty

pounds, and the freeholder who fhall be feized of the fame, produced at fcf-ftiaH take and ftibfcribe the oath or affirmation (as the cafe fions, &c. may be,) refpe&iydy required as aforefaid to be by him

I 2	taken

Digitized by L.ooQLe

Sol inftead of AOs. infertedat defire of freeholder, upon fuch being rc-giftcrcd he map vot*.	>

None precluded who djf-pofcd of part, if they retain as much as fworn to.

Rent-charges hj dcfccnt, dec.

Eeclefiaftjcil

freeholds.

the thirtxfiftb Y**t Gtorgc UX.

t*k#n fbr regiftering the feid freehold, with the words fifty pound# inserted therein, in the place of the words forty (hillings or twenty, pound** i9 any of the cpnrts of king's-bench, common-plea* or exchequer, in the city of Dublin, or at any affise*, and the feme (hall be fubferihed by one of the judges of fuch courts or the judge pf affize, fuch oath or affirmation fo fubferibed, may be produced at any feffipns of the peace a* aferefeid, held in the county, town, or city, where fuch freehold lie*, and when read aloud there in open court, (hall be figned by two of the juftices presiding there, and (hah then be delivered by the court to die a&ing clerk of the peace, to be filed and kept araongft the records of fuch county, town, or city ; and everv fuch oath Or affirmation fo taken, (hall be of equal effed for rtgifter-ing fuch freehold within the meaning of this ad, as if i* had been made at the feffiop* of the peace as aforefaid.

XXXVII. provided alfo, That in all cafes where the perfon intending to regiftet his freehold (hall deli re to infert in the oath pr affirmation, before he take* and fubferifies the fame, either at a feffions or in any of the courts before mentioned in tbe city of Dublin, or at any affixes, the words “ fifty pounds,” in the place of u forty (hillings” or

twenty pounds,” the feid words (hall he inferted therein ; and upoQ his freehold being tendered i|) cpnfequence of his taking fuch oath, or making fuch affirmation, Fuch regillry (hall be deemed a fuftcicnt regiftry to enable him to tote, although it (hall not hate been made wit,lnu eight years pro* vious to the teft of the writ for holding the dedion at which he (hall offer to vote.

XXXVIIL* Provided- always, That no perfon (had be precluded from voting by virtue of any freehold on account of having fold, aliened or difpofed of any part of the freehold he (hall have regiftered between the date of Fuch regiftry, and the day he (hall offer his vote, if he Qiall have retained thereof to the annual value fworn in Fuch regiftry.

XXXIX. Provided aHo, That no perfon (ball be precluded from voting by virtue of a freehold on account of its not being regiftered purfuant to the provifion* of this ad, if k confiftsof a rent-charge, and (hall have come to him by defeent, devife, marriage or marriage-fettlemen^ within fifteen months previous to the tell of the writ for holdii\g the. eledion at wnich he (hall offer to vote, or if it does not con-fift of a rent-charge, and (hall have come to, him in like manner within nine months previous to fuch tciL

XL. Provided alfo, That no re&or, vicar or curate (hall be obliged to regifter his freehold ariiing from his redory, vicarage, curacy or other ecdefiaftfeal preferment, oy be precluded

Digitized by

Google

The thirty-fifth Tear of George tit,

eluded from voting at any ele&ion on account of his not liar* ing regiftered the lame«

iXLL And be it further ena&ed, That every clerk of thO peace (hall give to every perfon itnftiediately on the regift ry of his freehold, if he (hill demaid it, a certificate figned bjr himfelf, certifying fuch perfon having duly rigif-tered the fame, and retiring his oath or affirmation exd&ly therein uhder a penalti of five pounds f6r every negleqt or refufal, for whiih certificate he (hall he paid by fuch freeholder the fum of three«-pence, and every filch certificate When ligned in open £ourt by two junices, and counUrfigncd by the adting clerk of the peace, (hall be and is hereby declared to be of equal authenticity with the original oath or affirmation in cife the lame fhalLbe loft of raiflaid. .

XLIL And be it further enaoed, That the a&ing clerk of the peach (hall during every feffions, enter into a book in alphabetical ordCr, accbrding to the fumames of the perions regiftered, the fubftarice of evefy fuch dath or affirmation delivered to hini in the form foUbwing.

C.of peace to give ceitificatee to freeholders.

C. to enter freeholders in * book.

*	^Vetholdcrs

Digitized by

Google

*34

The thirty-fifth Tear of George III.

Free*

holders

•Names

Place of Place Abode, and nature of Freehold.

Parifh&c. where Freehold is lituate

Barony or Half Barony whert Freehold is lituate

Value.

Date of Regif-try.

Affidavit or Affirmation where and when made.

Digitized by v^ooQle

The thirfyffth Tear of George III.

And he (hall in every county Iikewife enter the fame in like alphabetical order and form into feparate books, one for each baiony or half-barony, according to the barony or half-barony in which fuch freehold (hall be fworn or affirmed to lie, which books he (hall attend with at every election for a knight or knights of the (hire, and deliver in court to the (heriff previous to the commencement of the poll, making oath at the fame time before a juftice of the peace that all thf entries in the faid books are truly and ex-a£My made according to the diredions of this ad.

XLII1. And be it further enaded, That every clerk of the peace (hall from time to time within ten days after every feflions deliver to the treafurer of the county a true copy of every entry of regiftry by him made at fuch feflions, which copy (hall be kept by the faid treafurer, amongft the accounts of the faid county, and that at the requefl of any freeholder of faid county to the clerk of the peace or trea-furcr, the faid clerk of, the peace or treafurer (hail within ten days from fuch requeft deliver to fuch perfon a true copy of the regiftry of all the freeholders which (hall have been re-giftered in fuch county at the time of fuch requeft being made, on receiving a fum at the rate of three pence for* every hundred perfons names contained in faid copy.

XLIV. And be it further enaded. That if any clerk of the peace (hall omit or negled to keep any of the books hereby required, or to make due entries therein in the order and form required, or to file any oath and affirmation delivered to him to be filed, and to preferve the fame free from era-fure, blot, interlineation or damage, or (hall omit to give the copies hereby required within the time limited to the treafurer of the county, he (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, and be incapable of ferving as clerk of the peace for any county, and if he (hall negled or refufe to attend at any feflions whereat freeholders may be regiftered by virtue of this ad, or (hall omit to give copies of the regiftry or any poll-book lodged with him within a reafonable time after demand, he (hall forfeit for every fuch offence the fum of fifty pounds to any perfon fuing for the fame.

XLV. And for the greater eafe of regiftering freeholders, be it enaded, That the general or quarter feflions may be adjourned from time to time, to be held either at any ufual place of feflions, or at any market town within the county, and that every fuch feflions and every fuch adjournment thereof, or adjournment of any adjournment (hall be deemed a feflions within the meaning of this ad for the pur-pofe of regiftering freeholders, but that no fpecial feflions held for any purpofc of the militia, or for licenfing perfons to

feU

Clerk to give copies of regi(tries to treafurer.

Clerk degled-ing to do as herein, forfeit tool. dec.

Se (lions for regiftering freeholders.

Digitized by v^.ooQle

m Xbirtyfiflh Tear ef S*5rge HR

fell He, beef, or fprituotis liquors, (hall be deembd.1 ftflsonl within the mcarting of this aa, for the purpofe hf nghfcef-ingfrceholders.

XLVI. And be it further ena&ed, That every perftn Rental urg?rs who fhaU offer to vote as a freehbld^r, (hali, 'before he fhaH and freeholders ^ adopted to poll at any election, declare whether lift tot toa freehold arifet from a rent-charge or not, ind if it fcrifcS from a rent-charge, he fhaH before he fball be admit* ted to poll, take the oath hereafter, following, entitled* M The renticharger’s oath/’ if required lo to do by any ek&br, and if bis freehold does not arire from a rent* charge, he (hall, if fo required by any elector, before bt be admitted to poll, take one or other of the oaths hereafter following, entitled, “ The freeholders oath/' in every which oath the fum of forty fhfilings, or twerity p6urtd«, oy fifty pounds, (hall be inferted, according as the fame dull have been entered in the oath for the regiftry of the freehold.

Freeholder's Under 20I.

Freeholder's oath, where the freehold is regiftmd coder the yearly value of twenty pounds.

/	rf	in	the

county of	or	of	the	toton	Or city

of	(as the cefe may be) do fwcar

(or if a qualet affirm9) that I am a freeholder of this county* and that I have a freehold therein arifing from a houfe or houfes\ land or bothy or other hereditaments (as the cafe may be) of the clear yearly value of forty fhillings at the leafy above all charge* 'payable out of the famey lying and being at	(naming

the parifh or pari]hes9 the town land or town lands, and barony or half barony, or baronies or half baroniesy as fated m hit oath of regijhy) in this county, and that the faid freehold doe* not artfe from a rent-charge, and that I have been in the aBual oscuf tion thereof for fix fuccejfive months at the leaf, between the day on which 1 rcglflcred the fame, and the day of (naming the day 0/ the tejl of the writ for holding the eleQion) by raiding thcrcony or tilting or graving to the amount of forty fillings yearly value thereof (as tlse cafe may be) and that the faid freehold is not fet or agreed to be fet to the per)on or perfons from whom I hold tty or to the hein or q/figns of fuch perfon or perfons9 or to any one in trujl for him, her or them, and that I have not fet it, or agreed to fet itf for the term which I bold it, and that 1 have not been polled before at thi*

4

Freeholder^

Digitized by Google

TUt fortyfSfil Tear vf G*6rgc \th	137

fVe«lioMrr#i oath* 'where the fathoU ii rtgiActtd of or A. IX above twenty potmds feariy Y*ki*.	1793.

Chap. fob

/	htk

^rrify ttf	tr	of	tht	town ot Freeholder^

Mj of	(as	tktifi***1’****** I*1*

titty be) So fukitr (Ot if a qttakt vjfrth) that I am m freeholder df this "county, and that / halx;a freehold therein

?f the clear yehrly value of twenty pounds* or fifty pounds at Jtdtid 1h Ms OOth Of tegiflry) Watte all charges pay Me dttt if ihefattie^ lying fold being hi

(nandng'thefarifh or parifhts, fbwn-land or town* ktkils) Ond barony dr {affiarbtiy, baronies dr half baronies, dt fated in his oath if r^gtihry) in this county 9 and that the /aid freehold dqes not drifejrbm a rent-charge^ and that I bate net ace* polled Btfore at this tie Sion*

Tbfc itaH fehfcrger*8 oath.

J	*f	ifc

bounty of	or	of	the	tbVm or

If	fas	the	cafe	may be)

/wear for if a qitaker qffirm) that t am a freeholder of this tounty9 ana that 1 have a freehold therein, of the cleat hearty Value of twenty pounds a year at the leafy above all charges payable but of the f<Vne9 conf/Ung of a £ent-cfiarge granted by dted9 bedring date the day of	in	ib. year

upon the lands of *

Ynamingmthc lands mentioned m fuch deed, and the Barony tir baronies, half barony or half-baronies, •wherein the fame lie) loud that I am now in the pojfeffion thereof, or of the clear amount of twenty pounds yearly vtdue thereof and have been fo ever finch 1 regiflercd the famey and am entitled ta receive the fame9 or to the clear amount of twenty pounds yearly value thereof (as the cafe may be) as it becomes due9 and that I have not been foiled before at this eleQiosu

XLVII. Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That whefc the freehold if arifing from a rent-charge (hall have come oa^tcratigm ** fcy defeent, devife, marriage, or marriage fettlernent to the ^Krrfon offering to vote out of the fame, within fifteen months previous to the teft of the writ for holding fuch ele&ion, or if not arifing from a rent-charge, (hall have fo come within nine months previous to faid teft, the words in the freeholders oath, “ and that / have been in the aSual occupation	,

Digitized by v^.ooQle

*3V

Thi thirty-fifth Tear of George lit.

A, D. cupation thereof for fix fucccjftve months at the leafy betatfee*

1795 •	day on which I regijlereathe famey and the

Chap. 29. day of	by ref ding thereony or tiffing or gracing

to the amount of forty Jhiffings yearly value- thereof" and the words in the rent-charger’s oath, “ and have been fo ever Jince I regifered the fame," fhall be omitted refpe&ively, and the words following (hall be added to every fuch oath re-fpe&ively, “ and that the faid freehold came to me on the day of	by	defeent	or devife from

( naming the perfon from whom it descended, or by whom it was devifed) “ or by my marriage, or marriage fettlement with on the	day	of

.(naming the perfon and date) ; and that the blank for the vparifh or parifhes, barony or baronies, hal£barony or half-baronics in the faid oaths or affirmations fhall in every fuch cafe'^be filled up by the names which the perfon fo offering to vote, (hall at the time defire to infert therein, and that forty Jhiffings, twenty pounds, or fifty pounds, fhall be infert-ed in the freeholder’s oath, according to the defire of fuch perfon offering to vote.

■ XLVIII. And be it further ena&ed, That if any candidate or ele&or fhall defire it, the words following fhall be added to any of the oaths aforefaid, “ and that I am to the bejl of my belief of the age of twenty-one years"

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed. That where the freehold fhall be regiftcred under the yearly value of twenty pounds, and the words, and that I am in fide^ill or graze the afiual occupation thereof by refiding thereon, or by t'dling to amount of Qr gra%'Wg to the amount of forty Jhiffings yearly value thereof fhall be omitted in the oath or affirmation of the perfon re-giflering the fame, purfuant to the provifions aforefaid ; the words in the foregoing oath, and that I have been in the 'afiual occupation thereofy for fix fuccejltve months at the leafy between the day on which I regifered we famey and the

day of	by	refiding	thereony or

tiffing or grazing to the amount of forty Jhiffings yearly valus thereof fhall be omitted.

L. Provided adfo, That the faid words (hall alfo be omitted in the faid oath, when it fhall be tendered to any perfon, who fhall have inferted in his affidavit of regiftry, made

Eurfuant to the provifions of this a£, that he regiftered the lid freehold on the	day	of

LI. And be it further ena&ed, That no public or parliamentary tax, county, church or parifh cefs or rate, or any cefs on any town-land, or divifion of any parifh or barony, fhall be deemed any charge payable out of any freehold eftate within the meaning of this or any of the foregoing oaths or affirmations.

LIL And

Freeholder to fwear he is 21.

Freeholders under aol. to fwear they re-

40I*

When faid words may be omitted.

No tax, cefs, See. be deemed a charge, &c.

Digitized by Google

77* thirty -fifth Year of George III.	*39

Lll. And be it further ena&ed, That every perfon who A* D fhaU offer to vote by virtue of a freehold, not confiding of	1795.

a rent-charge under the yearly value of twenty pounds, (nail. Chap. 29* before he be admitted to poll, declare, if required by the fheriff or any ele&or, upon oath, the name of the perfon or Freeholders perfons under whom he holds his freehold, if he holds it under 10I. to de-under any perfon or perfons, and (hall alfo, if fuch freehold dare as herds, be fituate in a town corporate, declare the ftreet, or part of the city or town in which the fame is fituate, and who are his next refident neighbours in fuch ftreet, or part of the faid city or town ; and the faid declarations in all fuch cafes,

(hall be entered in the poll book taken by the (tariffs or their deputies, at fuch ele&ion.

LIII. And be it further ena&ed, That if any perfon pcrfonsVot-(hall poll at any ele&ion by virtue of a freehold which he ing from had regiftered, and of which he (hall not be in poffeflion at hold not rcgit-the time of his polling, he (hall (if thereof convi&ed) be tered, impriftau irnprifoned in the common gaol of the county, for tha fpace month*-of (ix months.

LIv^. And be it further ena&ed, That if any perfon not - Pundhment being a regiftered freeholder, (hall take upon him the name giftereTfrefhX •f a freeholder, ^entered upon the regiftry, or pretend to be der’snaoic, &♦. the perfon fo regiftered, and (hall be convi&ed thereof, he lhall be fentenced to (land in the pillory on three Aicceffive market days, in the town where fuch ele&ion has been held, and be irnprifoned in the common gaol of the county where he (hall have been fo convi&ed, for the fpace of fix months.

LV. And be it further ena&ed, That every refident in- Mode of in-hatatant claiming a right to vote as being an inhabitant of habitant ofbo-a borough where the right of voting is in the inhabitants, rough to vote. , or in the inhabitants and others, (hall at fome quarter fef-fions or adjournment thereof, be regiftered in the following manner, that is to fay, every fuch inhabitant (hall in open court, before the juftices of the peace, at the qua rter fef-fions of the county wherein fuch borough lieth, or at fomc adjournment thereof, take the following oath, or if a quaker, make the following affirmation.

/ A. B. do fwear [or if a quaker do affirm) that I am arc- Oaib.

Jident inhabitant of	and	houfeholder in

the borough of	in	the county of	and

that my houfe is fituated in	~	(here naming

the Jlreet, lane, alley, row or place,) and that my neighbours are	and	and	that

I have refded in fend houfe for fix calendar months lafl baft, and that I am not an inmate or lodger with any\ other sperfoti in faid borough, but am really and truly a refident inhabitant of

and

Digitized by t^ooQle

! , 14b	Tii	tbYt& Otorgt TIT.

Ibmito W •bftmdWjn-habitant at hh rough rcxrifter-ingnbraidehtc.

l&smes •(‘inhabitants to be jnfened as hero

lnhentry

dee mod a record qCthe county.

Which oath or affirmation (hall be takeri bv every fuch hkabitaM) in dl cife* in which he is, or Ihau be required to regiftet his reGderice.

LVL And be it further enacted. That when Any inht-bitant of fuch borough (hall defire tb have his residence re-gifiered, he (hall fwedr or affirtn the afbrefaid affidavit ot affirmation, which when duly fworn or affirmed, fhall be teid hlokid in open court, arid the perfoh fo reside ring, (hall (igri the fame, or affix his mark thereto, before two wit-hefles, who (hall alfo fign the lame, arid if t&keri and fign-ed 4A afjrefaid, the court (hall deliver it to the siting clerk bf the bchce, who (hall immediately affix the paper containing the (aid affidavit of affirmation, in a book to be by him kept for that purpofe, and For no other, in its order, that is to fay, immediately after the affidavit or affirmation lad mentioned, and then the court (hall fign it and date it according to the (fete bf the month and year,

LVII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afor£-fiud. That although the affidavits be inferted in the laid book in their order, as to the time in which they weri made, the names of the perfontf making the feme, (hall be alphabetically arranged in an index at the end of the feme book, and the page where the affidavit ,of the (hid inhabitant may be found; and that fuch inhabitants names (haO be fo entered immediately after the correfponding affidavit or affirmation (hall have been entered as aforefaid, in the regiftry book, without the intervention of any other bufi-irtS whatfoever, for the inferting of which affidavit or a£ ftrmatiot!, entry or regiffry, and indexing the feme, the fiufi of fix pence arid no more, (hall be paid by fuch inhabitant, to Hie a&mg clerk of the peace, at the time of fuch regifteritig, if he (hall demand the fame, and rid more. N

LVIII. A rid be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-feid. That the find book (hall (hall bo kept by the clerk of the peace amoflgft (be records bf die county, and that each

entry

Digitized by kjOOQle

Tb* iitrtfjfil Tern of George IIL	H*

uptry dial! be deemed a record of tHe county, and that the (aid clerk of the peace be required to preferve the bad book, without addition or alteration, bom one court of quarter fe®on8 to another, neither writing m the feme him-(elf, nor permitting any other perfon to write therein } bpt that the fame mall oevartkckb be open to the iafpec-tipn pf any regifUred inhabitant of fuch borough, at any time between the hopra of twrire and two o’clock in the 4ay time, when fuch inhabitant (hall require it, upon his' giving twenty-four hours notice, except only on Sundays and the greater feafU, be paying for the feme one fhOling and no more, for eyery time netball InfpeA the feme, and being debarred the uCe of both pen and fek during the whole pf that time, and that if any perion haring or cfeiming to have a vote in the fame borough. Ml require of the clerk pf the peace to furntfh him with a copy of the feid regiftry book, or any part thereof the faid derk of the peace (hall write, or caufe to be written, a true copy of the feme, and within a reafonable time fumi(h the feid voter therewith, charging him for the feme* at the rate of two-pence for every four inhabitants fo regfftered, contained in feid oopy9 including the index; and that if any perion having, or chiming to have a vote in fuch borough, (hall require from the clerk of the peace a copy of the mdex, or any part thereof, the faid clerk of the peace (hall furnilh him therewith* within eight days after, charging him for the feme at the rate of one penny for every ten names pf inhabitants contained in the faid copy.

UX. And be it further eoa&ed, That the a&ing clerk pf the peace, on the lad day of every quarter fdjtoss, do and (hall infert a true copy of fuch ciifcry or regiHry, or entries or registries, as he (hall have mad? during thecourfe pf the faid quarter fciltoiis, together with an index tp the fame, in a book cxa&ly fonilar to his own, to be kept by the church-wardens of the pariih or parities wherein the laid borpugh lies, or by one of them, and by them, or one of them, to be ca tried to every fuch quaitcr-feSons, and there . utlcd to the afting clerk of the peace for that purpofe, on the lad day of each, quarter-feflions, arid at no other time ; aud that the chuich-wnrdvos (kail prefervC the faid book w ithout alteration from one qmuter-fefiious to another, not writing in it himfelf or tbemfflves, nor pen* witting any otheV perion to write therein, except the ckrk pf the peace as aforcfaid.

L.X- And be it further enabled. That if any candidate or elector (hall deOrq it, eveiy perfon offering to vote at any ele&ion, (hall before he be admitted to vote, take the path following:

/A. 13.

I

^usbvhook to he made ou for chuKhWf decs as herein.

I

Oathhetsksq by votsn.

Digitized by ^jOOQle

1*1

A. D.

1795-

Chap. 29.

7he thirty-fifth Tear of George I IT.

/ A. B. do fwear, or being of the people called quakers% I A. B. do folemnly affirm, I have not received, or had by ntyfrlf or any perfon wlatfoever in truft for me, or for my uje and benefit, or for the ufe and benefit of any of my family or kindred, to my knowledge or belief \ diredly or indireQly, any fum or fums of money, office, place, or employment, gift or reward, or tf/ty promife or fecurity for any money, o^Ecr, or rw-ployment, in order to give my vote at this eledion.

At quarter feflions after ill Aug. every year, •where borough is fituated, justices may adjourn as herein.

Sheriff to require clerk of peace to deliver regtftrybook to ehurcb* wardens as herein.

Votcrin right of being inhabitant to be regif-tered as herein.

LXI. And be it further enafted, for the greater convenience of perfons by the faid aft required to regifter, That from and after the pafling of this aft, at every quarter-fc£* fions to be held next after the firft day of Auguil in every year, and for any county wherein there is fituated any borough, or part of any borough, where the right of voting is veiled in the inhabitants in general, or in the inhabitants and others, that the juftices holding fuch quarter-feflions are hereby required and direfted to make an adjournment of the fame on fome convenient day withiq three weeks from the holding of fuch feffions to fuch borough as afore-faid, for the purpofe of there regiftcring the names of perv. fons who Ihall delire to be regiftered, as claiming a right to vote in fuch boroughs, and that fuch adjournment fhall be held accordingly, in fome convenient place for the purpofe aforefaid.

LX 11. And be it further enafted, That the Iheriff of the county in which fuch borough (hall be, Ihall at all times upon receiving a writ for the eleftion of a member or members to ferve in parliament for fuch borough, require of the clerk of the peace, that he do deliver to the churchwardens, or one of them, of the parilh or parilhes wherein faid borough lies, his faid book fo by him kept as aforefaid 5 and that the faid church-wardens with the faid book, and the duplicate thereof in their pofleffion kept, fhall attend on the returning officer in faid borough, in the court where the poll Ihall be taken, throughput the whole of every election of members to ferve in parliament for faid borough, unlefs one of them (hall by any eleftor be required to attend in a deputy’s court with his refpeftive book of regiftry before mentioned, which requifition he is hereby required to comply with, to be freely infpefted in their hands during the eleftion, by any perfon concerned therein.

LXI 11. Aqd be it further enafted by the authoiity aforefaid, That no perfon whatsoever claiming to vote in right of being an inhabitant only, (hall vote for any member or members to ferve in parliament where a right of voting is veiled in the inhabitants in general, or inhabitants and others, who fhall not appear to have been firll regillered m

fai^

Digitized by Google

The thirty fifth Tear of George III.	r%$

fejd books, or one of them, in the manner above preferibed, twelve calendar months at lead before the time of holding fucli ele&ion, except in the cafe herein after particularly-excepted, which being found upon infpe&ion of the returning officer, or his deputy, the returning officer, or his deputy, (hall then, and not before, if thereto required by any ele&ors, adminiiler to fuch perfbn the oath or affirmation following, that is to fay,

I A. B. do fwear, or If a quaker, affirm, that I am a Oath, refident inhabitant in the borough of	in	the

county of *	and	that	I	have beat fo for thefe twelve

months lafl fajl, and duly proved and regiflered my refidenu twelve, calendar months before the prefent vacancy, and that my houfe is fituated in	.	,	and that my next neighbours

are	,	and that I am not an inmate

Qr lodger with any otherperfon in faid borough, nor have I been fo at any time within thefe twelve months lafl pajl, but have paid the. ufual at/d cujlomary taxes and (ejfes in favd borough as an houfe bolder, which have bc*n legally demanded of me, and that I did not divide my houfe or out-tyufes, or fuffier my houfe or out-houfts to be divided, in order to .multiply votes_ at this election, and that I did not corps to refide in faid borough Jince the prefent vacancy happened, nor in order to give my vote at this elcSion, and that my faid houfe, exclujive of my land annexed to, or let with it, except that whereon it Jlands, with its offices, and back, or other yard is, tq the bejl of my knowledge and belief, worth the fum of Jive pounds' yearly rent, and that I believe the fame may be let for faid fulk of five pounds yearly to a refponfwle tenant,	J'

So help me God•

And if any candidate, or any perfon having a right to vote Addition at fuch ele&ion, ffiall require it, thefe words ffiall be added oath if required, to faid oath, videlicet, .

j4nd that I am of the age of. twenty-one years, as I verily believe.	. ,	;

Which oath or affirmation, the fenefchal, or returning of- gcncfchal or1 ficer of fuch borough, or his, or their deputy .or deputies returning officer appointed as aforefaid, is, and are hereby impowered and to adminifter t dire&ed to adminifter to fuch voter at the requeft of any	oat^*

ele&or, and on fuch voter fo taking the faid oath, or if a quaker the faid affirmation, then and not before,- fuch fenefchal or returning officer (hall admit fuch votes ; and faid father affirmation, if a quaker, ffiall be abfolutely finaj,.

Digitized by LjOOQle

Alteration in oath where borough fituated in two counties.

Inhabitants may recover aol. from clerk of peace for difo-bedience as herein.

Clerk of peace bcipg paid6d. an deliver corti* fiesta as herd*.

9Bf th'tr+ffih Jftar of Gyorge III.

and-chnohifivt evidence to (aid fendckal or netarning of fuoh borough, or hit deputy, that the portion tie taking (aid oath, or making find affirmation, it qualified to note at fueh ele&ioo, and no fnpk voter (hall be Kabk to any further ferutmy os exammatioa whatfoever before fiich M> nefchal or returning officer, or hit deputy at inch efep*

LX IV. Provided always, That h| aft and every foch bw-^ough or boroughs in this kingdom, where the right of voting h vetted** the inhabitants id general, or khabitants and others, which are fituated hi two different eotuu ties, every inhabitant of fuck borough qualiffcd to vote at dedipti ror any member or members to tenie ip parliament for fiich borough, may, if he think* proper, in the oath or affirmation required by the faid ad to be by him t^kes at the time of his being regiftered; and likewtle in the oath or affirmation which he slay be c^Hed upon to take put* fuant to (aid a$, at any cle&ion for a member or mem berg to (brve fa parliament for foch borough \ iattead of the words refebnt inhabitant oft\e borough of

' m (bo oounty of	fubftitote

the words, rofideut inhabitant of that pant of the borough of

ouhiob hetb m the oountn

tf	7

LXV. And be it ena&ed by tbc -authority aforcfiudl That if any fiich inhabitant of fuch borough (Hah find that the a&ipg clerk of the pe^ce has wilfully or negligently ad-ed ia difobedicnee hereto, by aot regiftering his refidenec m the mariner hereby dwelled, having been thereunto duly required, and by not giving to the ok arch-wardens of hfi borough a copy of the regift ry-book, in the manner and at the time herctn before mentioned, or by erafing, tearing out, or deiigned|y making the (ame| or any part thereof illegible; or 'dfcflgnedly, or through negled fofieriag any pemn to do fo, the find inhabitant (half be entitled to recover from the faid ailing clerk of the peace by civil bid the fum of twenty pounds for every fuch offence, procefs being feroed twelve days inc|ufttf, before the firiLday of the affizc.	*

XXVI.	And in order that the faid inhabitant or inha* bitapts may the more eafily raeover the aforefaid film op films in the manner herein before mentionod, be it coaled by the authority aforefaid. That the (aid ailing oierfi of the peace upon the receipt of fix pence as aforefaid, (hail deliver to the inhabitants a certificate, figned by the court* and eounteriignfid by himfelf, who are hereby required to fign the fame, or his having been duly regiftered on that day* which certificate, although no part of the regiftry, (hail* whop

proverb

Digitized by V^rOOQle

Tbe thirty^ffth Tear	Gtbrgt III.	.

pWve(), be fufficient evidence upon any civil bill brought A* D. for the penalty aforefoid.	1795.

LX VII. And be it enh&cd, That if the regiftry-book Chap. to be kept by the clerk of the peace, and the copy thereof - v— to be kept by the church-wardens, fhali both be proved Certificate* tapon oath before the returning officer of faid borough, T^11. pt°TC<J# Who is hereby authorised to adminifter jh* fame, to have been loft, deftroyed, or withheld, or fo defaced, that the affidavits (hall be illegible, either .previous to or during the election, in fuch cafe any of the faid certificates whep proved, fhallbc fufficient evidence upon theele&ion, that the in* habitant producing the fame has been duly regiftered.

LXVIII. And be it enacted By the authority, aforefaid, Clerk rf That if any perfon, not excepting the clerk or the peace peac«-, church* tind the church-wardens, fhaH ileal or deftroy, or maliCioufiy wf*‘1?e"\or|	,

alter laid registry-books, or either of them, whether in the ^Xtcr^K. body of the faid books, or their index* or negligently or book, imprifon* Wilfully fuffer the fame to be done, the perfon who fhallbe ed three yesrt* * tronvifted of fo offending, (hall fuffer three ye*rs imprifoA* ment \ and left any doubts fhbulcf arife at the eie&ion with . tefpeft to voters, and in order the better to prevent perjury; * find ocCaftonal votes, be it hereby declared by the authority	.

aforefaid* * to be the ttue inteflt and meaning of this aft, that ho perfon whatsoever (hall be funered to vote at any fuch election in right of being an inhabitant, without having been fiift regiftereo as aforelaid, twelve calendar months at the leaft before the teft of the writ for holding fuch tlc&ion* ^ but that the returning officer- or his deputy* is hereby re^,

Squired to tefufe fuch vot*, any thing in this or any other aft ' tof parliament to the contrary notwit branding.

LXlX. And whereas church-wardens of fuch p^riihes to C.wariehto tohorit fuch books fh'all be fo delivered, may refufe to deliver, ^efiver K» took t>vcr one of fuch books fo delivered to them, to the clerks to derh of of the peace, after the holding of dc&ione, and may refbfe to f*™** deliver over the other of laid books to their fucceffors in ; the office of church-wardens* after the expiration of the time of their holding faid office; be it therefore enafted fey the authority aforefaid, That fuch perfon or prrfons in tfyd office of churchy-warden, as /hall receive fuch regiftry btiok From the clerk of the peace upon the holding of any eleftion*	^	\v

fhall return and deliver over the fame to the faid die k of the the other tL * peace or his order* immediately Upon being'thereunto re- bo<kto fucie£ quired ; and that fuch perfon or perfons in tfie office of for within ten church-warden,, who ffiall hare the otfier of-faid. books in daysa£t*roffio% Kip or their poffeffion at the time of the expiration of his faid office, fhalf deliver over the fame to th* perfon or perfons*

Who fhall fucceed him in the office, immediately upon being thereunto required by fuch fucedfer pr fupuewrs* ojg within

voux	ft	m

Digitized by Google

*46 A. ©.

*795-, Chap. *g.

V-. —--------

. Jtcfufing to £*▼€ or detain-

The thiriyjfih Year tf George ftl.

ten days «ft«r the expiration of his faid office of church-wtf* den, if not thorcunto (ooner required.

LXX. And be it further enafted by the authority afore-faid, That if any perfon (hall from and after the palling of this aft, Unlawfully detain or fefufe to deliver up faid books in* * l or c*t^cf °f them, m manner and at the times herein direfted,. F^lty^hcre- P^017 fo offending fhall forfeit the fnm of ten pounds, In, 7	fterling,	for	every	day	he	(hall fo unlawfully detain the

fame, to be recovered by civil bill before the judges of affize, irt any county where fuch offence fhall be committed, and fhall alfo upon conviftiorr of fitch offence before the judges of afiize, in any county where fuch offence (hall be commit*

* ted, fuffer one month’* imprisonment for every day he (hall jooh penalty f° unlawfully detain the fame.

«n c. warden LXXI. And be it further enafted by the authority afore-refufineto com- faid, That the chirfch-warrdens in fdch parities as aforefaid, Phr with re- from an(j aftcr the pafftng of this aft, in cafe of any negleft or refufal to comply with the feveral matters and things required of them by faid fifft mentioned aft, fhaB forfeit fot every fuch offence the fum of one hundred pounds fterling, to be recovered by any perfon who fhall fue tor the fame, m any of his Majefty** courts of record.

LXXII. And be it further enafted by the authority afore* faid, That all and every perfon and perrons who fhall faUety and wilfully fwetr of affirm, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this aft, being thereof indifted and convifted, (ball fuffer fuch paint, penalties? and disabilities, as perfons convifted of Wilfid and corrupt peiynry ought by law to fuffer, and that any perfon claiming to be a voter as an Inhabitant of fuch borough, who fhall be guftty of peijury J in regiftering his inhabitancy and right of voting, or pretended right in fuch borough, without being really and bona a refident inhabitant thereof, according to the form of the oath rfforefaid prescribed, and fhaH be thereof convifted and condemned, and fuffer the pains And penalties aforefaid? jhail for ever be incapable of giving any vote at any eleftioir of a member to ferve in parliament/

LXXIII. And be it further enafted, That any mayor bailiff, town-clerk, or other officer of any corporation* having a right "to return members to parliament, fhall upon* the de-mand of any candidate for fuch fcbrporation, on payment of two (hillings and fix pence, permit nich candidate, agent, or freeman, between the hours of twelve at noon and three iis the afternoon, at ainy time before and within one month alter any fueh eleftion of members to ferve hr parliament, to in* and tike copies, fpeft the books and papers wherein the itdmiffion of fireemew |ct £*•	fhall be entered, and to have copies or minutes of the ad-*

million of fo many freemen as fuch candidate, agent,,os'* freeman fhall think fit, upon payment to fuch mayor or

other

ttufitioafc

PcrfoAt cofi-vi<9cd of perjury to fuffer a» herein.

Officers tO admit candidate, fire, to topeft the books,

Digitized by

Google

Tfx thirty-fifth Tear of George IIL

H?

other officer, of two (hillings arid fixpence for every fucb A. D. admilfion, and fuch books and papers (hall if demanded by 1795. fuch candidate or his agent, or fryeman, be produced by. Chap. 29. fuch mayor or other officer ; and if fuch mayor or other of-	'

ficer (hall rfcfufe or deny fuch candidate, agent, or free- mayor or officer man, the infpedion of fuch books and,papers at any eledion r<^u(*e infpedi-if. demanded, and paid for, in the manner herein befoie fet on»penalty, 50b forth, fuch mayor or other officer (hall for every fuch of-> fence forfeit the fum of fifty pounds, to hinj, her, or them, who (hall inform and fue for the fame, to be recovered in manner herein after mentioned.

JLXXtV. And be it further enaded, That if any perfon, Sheriff,re fheriff, or other returning officer, his or their deputy or de- turning officer,

£uties, who (hall take any oath or affirmation in purfuance £.cf	(

of this ad, or (hall wilfully fwear or affirm falfeiy therein, perjuryf^eef he fhall be guilty, of wilful and corrupt perjury, or falfe affirming, and fhall and may be profecuted for the fame, by xndidment or otherwife as perjury, in a court of record, may now be prolecuted, and being thereof convided, ho (hall incur ana fuffer the pains and penalties which by law are, or may be infiided, in cafes of wilful and corrupt per*

JUW And be it further enaded, That all pecuniary Pecuniary penalties infiided by this ad, (hall be recovered with full penalties reco-cofts, by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information in any vered with fad of his Majefty’s courts of record at Dublin 5 and that it (hall	j^100

be fufficient for the plaintiff in any fuch adion of debt or plaint, &c. as information, to fet forth in the declaration, that the defen- herein mcntU daot is indebted to him in the fum of five hundred pounds, arid 'to alledgc the particular offence for which fuch adion pr information is brought, and that the defendant hath there* in aded contrary to this ad, without mentioning the writ of fummons to parliament, or the return thereof; and that it (hall be fufficient in any indidment for any offence contrary to this ad, to alledge the particular offence, and that the defendant is guilty, without mentioning the writ of fummons to parliament, ot the return thereof; and that upon trial of any iffue in any fuch adion, information, or inaid-ment, the plaintiff, informer, or ptofecutor, (hall not be obliged to prove the Writ of fummons to parliament, or the return thereof, or any warrant to the (henff grounded upon (och writ of fummona.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted. That in cafe the plaintiff or informer in any action or information given by "this act, jhall difeontinue or be nonfuited, or judgment (hall be given againft him, the detendant fhall recover treble eofts.	_

LXXVI I. And be it further enacted by the authority tx^uctumu^ ites&SAf Thu tf any perfon, except a tiwwg officer, officer, exempt * $>}	d«rk	frem penalties.

Treble coftj is noo-ftiit* *

Any pedbs.

Digitized by v^-ooQle

*4»

A. D

n*95'

Ch»p. 29.

A&iod, See. within one yckr.

Not to pt€* Tent toting, tcft Rail bear date before I ft Jan. 1707, and fub-}e« to former

XdcCtion td Oath taken bj freeholder not being as an-

dpi years not Hot eligible.

thirty-fifth Tear of George 111.

clerk of the peace or treafurer, offending again ft this stetf (hall within the fpace of twelve calendar months next after fuch offence committed, difoover any other perfon or perfonv guilty of a like offence, fo that fuch perion or perions be thereupon confined, fbch perfon fo difcovering, mall he indemnified and exempted, and faved hSrmlefs from all penalties and difabihties which he (hall hare incurred by any fuch offence.

LXxVIII. Provided always, That every action, information, indi&ment, or profecution, grounded upon this a &, be commenced within one year after the offence (hall be com* totted.

I-XXIX. Provided always, and be it enabled, That nothing in this a& contained, (hall extend, or be conffrued to extend, to prevent any perfon from voting at any eletiion for a member or members to fcrve in * parliament, the tell for holding which fhall bear date before the firft of January* one tnoufand feven hundred and ntnety-feven, but every perfon who might by the laws in force, before the paffiag of this aft, vote at any fuch ele&ion, (hall and may vote thereat, as folly and freely to aU intents and purpofea, as if thie kd had not been made; fubjed to aQ and fingulapr the daufes, conditions, oaths, and regulations prescribed in the laid laws ; and every returning officer and deputy, (hall have the liko powers with refped to any fuch perfon poHing, as if this adf had not Been made.

LXXX. Provided always. That at every fuch eledkm, the words following (hall be added to the oath retired by the laws in force,' to be taken before the palling of this ad, by any regiftered freeholder not being an annuitant, before he foil be admitted to vote, either. That the fetid freehold hi. of the yearly value of twenty pounds, above all charges payable Oat of the fame9 or that, I have been in the aSual occupation of the fetid freehold for Jix fuccejfive months at the leaf, between the day on vtihich I regiftered the famey Odd the day of (namidv the day of the tefi of the writ for boldhig the eleSion) by refiding thereon f or by tilling or grazing to the amount of forty Jhillings yearly value thereof , or the words which are allowed to be fubftituted in their place by the protifions of this ad, in the oath herein preferibed, as the cafe may be, if any eledor (hall defire that one or other of the (aid form of wonk fhall be added.	,

r LXXXI. And be it further enaded. That no perfon hereafter (hall be capable of being deded a member to ferve W this, or any future parliament, who is not of the age of one and twenty years \ and if any fuch minor hereafter chofeo, (hall prefume to fit or vote, in parliament, ho fhall Itcttr pCBsfeics tod forfeitures as if he bad Frc%acd to

Digitized by

Google

The ttfrty-Jifih Tear of George III.

fy. and vote iq parliament, without being chofcn hr fk-tamed.

CHAP. XXXII,

Jtn 48 to explain an ad faff'd m feventh fear of the ' reign of hit prefent Maiejly% entitled, Art ad to continue and amend an dd paffed in the third year of hif f/Iajejly*s reigny entitled, An ad to amend and explain an ad made in the thirty-third year of the reign of Henry the Eighth, entitled. An ad for tythes y and for qther Purjnft therein mentionedr.

HE REAS aq a& of parliament was made in this kingdom, in the feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, entitled. An ad to continue and amend an (id pajfed in the third year of his Majefft reign? entitled, An dd to amend and explain an ad made in the thirty-third year of the reign of Henry the eighth, entitled, An ad fot tythes, and for otherpurpofet therein mentioned t and whereas it js by faid amongft; other things recited, that the clergy in fuitg for fubtra&ioq of predial tythes are unneceffarily put to great trouble and expence in producing witneffes to prove their jndudtfon, and other qualifications in cafes where there is np difpute who thp incumbent is, for remedy whereof, it 13 thereby ena&ed, that it (hall be Efficient for every ecclefi-aftical perfoq or lay-improprietor jn any fuit for the fub-tration of predial tythes, to prove that fqch perfon and is reputed to be an incumbent or improprietor of fuch parifh, and had afted as fuch at or before the time the yight of the tythes fued for accrued, withoqt producing or proving any other title except the title of the perfon pro^ _ fnoting fuph fuit fhall be controverted, qnd it (hall be plead-' f d by thp party fo fued to fuch caufes, that the perfon pro-fccuting fuch luit is not the true and legal incumbent or impropriator ; now be it enafted by l\\e King's moft excellent Majefty, by and wjth the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, commons in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame}

* That from the fiHl day of June, in this prefent year of oar £.ord, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-five, the title of the incumbent oy impropriator fhall not be confidered as controverted within the meaning of faid recited ad, qalefs tfie plea denying the title of the propaovant (hill be verified ppon the oath, or jn cafe of a quaker, on the affirmation of the perfon putting in faid plea; to the belt of his knowledge or belief, as the cafe may be, which oith or affirma-fjofl thf c^chftafti^al judge before whom fuck fuit (hall de-

U9

k. . v^/J

Proof of having ailed at incumbent, £c. fuflieient in a luit for fub-tra<Slipp of pratdial tythes;

from 1 ft: Tune, 1795. t«dc of incumbent, &c. not con invert-, ed, unlds as hernia.

Digitized by CjOO^Ic

*1°

A. D.

* T« extend to all perfons fuing for pra&diai tythcs.

To 15 Mar. X799. 36 G. 3. c. 52.

Recital of 25 Geo. j.

recital of omif-fion is 30 G. 3.

recital 32 G. 3.

7Xe thirty-fifth Year of George III.

pend9 (hall have full power, and is hereby authorized and required to adminiller; and in cafe any perfon or pcrfois who (hall wake fuch oath or affirmation by virtue of this ad, (hall therein commit wilful ^nd corrupt peijury, and be thereof duly conwded according to law, he, (he, or they fo offending, (hall for every fuch offence, fuffer fuch penalties, pains, and difabilities, as perfons convided of wilful and corrupt peijury are, by any of the laws now in force in this kingdom liable unto.

il, And whereas doubts have arifcn, whether by the faid ad the- provisions and benefits thereof are made to extend to others than incumbents and impropriators : be it enabled, That all perfons whatsoever, who (hall fue for predial tythes in any ecdefiafiical court, whether they be ecdefiaftical or lay perfons, and whether they (hall fue in their own rights, or by titles derived in any manner whatsoever from any other perfon or perfons, or for the ule of any other perfon or perfons, (hall and may proceed in fuch fuit in the manner prescribed by laid ad in all refpeds, and (hall be entitled to aul the rights and benefits thereby, and by this a& provided fbc iuitors in fuch court.

CHAP. XXXIII.

y/o ad to continue for one year, federal ads for the encourage*

. meat of thefjhtr'us on, the coaJU of this kingdom.

WHEREAS by an ad pafTcd in this kingdom, in the twenty-fifth year of his prefent Majtfty’s reign, e$-ytn a8 for the further improvement and extcnfioti of be Jyberies M the coa/h of thit kingdomy certain bounties were given, and it wasenadtd therein, That the bounties (honld be paid for, and during the fpacc of four years, from the firft day of February, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, and to the end of the then next feilion of parliament, and no longer: and whereas an ad pafTcd in the twenty-feventh year of hisprf-fent Majefly’s reign, to amend th^ faid ad, was continued by an ad puffed in the thirtieth year of his prefent Majdly's reign, but the faid fuft mentioned ad, and the bounties therein contained, were omitted to be continued: and whereas by an ad pafTec} in the thirty-fccond year of his prefent hla-jefly’s reign, .entitled, Jlu ad for the further encouragement of the jtfheries on the coqfts of this kingdom, it Was enaded, Th^t the fcveral bounties given and allowed by the (aid fir# recited ad, on conforming to the feveral regulations therein menti-. oned, (hould be paid* until the twenty-fifth of March, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-five, except fo far as the fame were altered by the faid aft of the twenty-feventh ye*r

Digitized by

Google

The thirty-fifth Tear of George Hit	tyj

pfhis prefent Majefty’s reign, and that the faid aft of the twen-	A. D,

yy-feventh year of his Majefly’s reign fliould continue and be 1795. fn force until the faid twenty-fifth day of March,one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-five ; ''be it enafted by the Ring’s 27 o. 3. revive moll excellent Majclly, by and with the advice andconfent ed.Aidin force of the lorfis fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this pre-fent parliament affembied, ang by the authority of the fame.

That the (aid lad mentioned aft, and every matter and daufc I799> ^ ^ therein contained, (hall be revived, and are hereby revived 3. c. 33. and continued, *nd ftialj be in force until the twenty-fifth	*

day of March, pne thoufand fevpn hundred and ninety-fi*f and no longer.

CHAP, XXXIV,

An aft to explain and render more ejfedual an aft of Parliament^ made and puffed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majfiy, entitled, An aft refpefting the colUftian of puh lie money, to be levied off the county of the city of Dublin, by preferments	'

^TT HE RE AS by an aft of parliament pafled in the thirty- Recital 33 ** third year or the reign of his prefent Marefty, entitled, G. 3, yin aft refpefting the colleftion of public money, to be levied off the county of the city of Dublin by preferment, the lord mayor for the time being, or any juftice of the peace for the county of the laid city, are impowered by writing under his or their hand and feal, to order any fum not exceeding five pounds, to be expended in widening or repairing any bridge or fewer Within the faid city, which may be fuddcnly damaged, and Which ought to be repaired by the faid county pf the faidl city as thereby direfted 5 and the grand jury at the next term, after any fuch order (ball have been given, are thereby direfted to raife by preferment the fum fo ordered, provided the fcveral forms and requisites thereby required* have been adhered to, and doubts have arifen on the conftruftion of faid recited aft, whether the lord mayor or juftiue* have	^

fulfilled the feveral requifites thereby required, by meaner 1 whereof the expence pf repairing breaches in bridges or fewers for fume time paft, hath not been provided for" as heretofore; be it therefore enafted, That the grand jury Grand jury for the coqnty of the faid city, (hall and may at any of thje may levy ms- -. presenting terms, prefent to be levied off the inhabitants of ney expend-the county of the laid city, not only all fi^ch fum and fums of	***to}D*

money as hath been expended in repairing any bridge or fewer,	cwer*1

but alfo all fuch fum and fums of money which fliall have been expended in watching or paling in any breach or breaches which may happen in a bridge or fewer, fo as to

prevent any undent thcrefromi proxided it fliall be mad*

%	*	appear

Digitized by

«n

A» D*

*J9S< Cb»B 34-

Affidavit of

The ihtHy-jtfth Tear of George IIL

Cppeftr to them, by the order or certificate of the lord mayw for the time being* or any jtiftrce of the peace for the county of the faid city, that fuch breach or breaches has or haxfc been repaired by his order,

II. <\nd provided alfo, That rt (hall appear by affidavit of

-herein ;

***** one credible witnefs, that fuch breach or breaches has or lpci^lcc. kave been wat cited or paled in, and that it (hall alfo appear '	to them by the affidavit or affidavits of the perfon or perfona

yrho repaired the fame, being a profeffionaf perfon, competent to give an opinion thereupon, that fuch Yepairs were ab*-iplutdy neceffary, and that the faid could not be effectually repaired for a fmallcr fum

IIL Ar.d in order the better to provide for the repairs of fudden damages or breaches in fewers in the county of the city of Dublin in future, and for the fafetv of the public. Lard mayoa-, jmtil fuch repairs (hall be made ; be it enadted, That in all &c. may appo{o and every cafe whatsoever, where the repair of any bridge or nvrrfceriaa fewer (hall appear to be neceffary, that the lord mayor of the city of Dublin for the time being, or any juftice of th<t peace for the county of the faid city, (hall and are hereby Required at the requcll of any two inhabitants being houfo-keepers* to appoint under his hand and feal, two or more houfekeepers, inhabitants of the faid county of the faid city, to be overfeers for repairing any bridge or fewer which fhiH hereafter be fuddenly damaged, and the grand jury of the county of the faid city of Dublin,v at the next prefenting term, (hall and are hereby required to prefent to be levied off the inhabitants of the county of the city of Dublin, all fuch fum and fums of money as (hall on the oath of theoverfeert fo to be appointed, or on the oath of any two of fhem, ap* pear to have been expended in the repair of any bridge or fewer \ and alio fuch fum or funis of money, as by affidavit of one credible witnefs (hall appear to have been expended In watching or paling in'fuch breach or breaches provided the fame (hall not exceed in the vyhole the fum of fifteeir pouuds (leriing, and the grand jury of the county of the laid city of Dublin, at Eallcr or Michaelmas term in every year, fhall and may from time to time, prefent to be raifeq pff the county of the faid city of Dublin, fuch fum or fum* of money, as alfo all fuch fum or fums of money laid out in watching or paling m, any breach in fuch bridge or fewer as (hall be neceffary for repairing any bridge or fewer, or for cleanfing any (ev er which ought to be repaired or cleanfed money not to be by the county of the faid city ; provided no fum of money (Hall be prefented for repairing a»y bric\ge or fewer, or for clean (mg any fewer, unit is an affidavit fworn by two credible perfon9 who can read or write, before one of the jufticcs of the peace of the (aid county of the faid city, in the following

................... *■	form*

expence of

warching as herein, not tq

exceed tjL

preferred, bat on oath oi two witaeffes, u herein.

Digitized by v^,ooQle

The thirty-fifth Tear of George HI. .

form, be firff laid before the grand jury, and which affidavit [hall be delivered to the fecretary of the term and feffions

fra nd juries appointed under the faid recited aftj at le^ft four ays before tb^effoign day of each term ;

.•< -• '

County of tbi'Otyof Dublin to wit;

> ....	'	x	of	’and	dofwear\

that they have lately viewed a bridge or fewer (as the cafe may be) Jituate in	in	the parjjlrof

rin the county of the faid city, necejfary to be repaired Of tfeanfed (Of the cafe may be) and that it will require the fum of foundsfinding, effectually to repair the faid bridge or fewer9 or fa (leanfe the faid fewer fas the cafe may be) which they verily he* lieve is the leqfi the fame can be effectually repaired fort

To which affidavit (hall be annexed the eftimate of repaiping Eftimate an* fuch bridges or for cleanfing fuch fewer, as the cafe may be,	10

agreeable to which the perfons fwearing fuch affidavit have <tovU* jfworn the fame.

IV.	Provided always, That no part of the money fo presented for the repair of any fuch bridge or fewer, or for 4F the cleanfmg of any fewer (as the cafe may be) untd the affidavit of one of the overfeer? who can read and write, appointed by the grand jury, fworn before one of the judges of the King’s bench, or before twpjuftices of the peace for the County of the faid city, in the following import, (hall be allowed by the grand jury, and by theCaid judges of the faid court ;

County of the city of Dublin to wit ; wfereas the fum of	was prefented at

ftrm9 m the year	by the grand jury for the county

of the faid eity9 to be expended in repairing a bridge or fewer, or tor clcanfng a fewer, and watching andpaling the fame, (as the cafe may be) Jituate in	in the parifb of

trt the county of the faid city ; and whereas tsnd	were appointed overfeers of the fame.

'Plow I the faid	do f'wear, that I have expended

fuUyandhonefllythcfumof	in	repairing

"cffeftuauH the fold bridge orfewer, or clc anting the faidfewer, and sn watching apdpaling fas the cafe may be)purfuant to the fit-mate for repairing the fame s'

Ottfe.

Whereaa^y the faid recited aft, certain forms and requifites Fees to officer* are made neceflary to authorize his Majefty’s court of King’s pcnch, to pafs certain preferments therein and herein after	F	"

mentioned, and the expence of paffing the faid aft was thereby directed \q be ^relented and plotted before the twen-

Digitized by

The thirty-fifth Year of George III. -

ty-fifth day of December then next following, and the legal

and cuilomary fees due and payable qn palling faid ad in the houfe of lords, amounts to the fum of two hundred and ninety-throe pounds ten (hillings and ten pence fterling, which by reafon of the ♦kbfence of certain of the officers (to whom the lame were payable) from this kingdom, could not be afeertained in time, to enable the grand jury to paf* a presentment for the fame, before the laid twenty-fifth of December, agreeable to the provifiona of the laid *d.

V.	And whereas doubts have arifen whether, where injury has been done to the inhabitants and other property of individuals, by means of clearing and widening the road* and palfoges in the county of the faid city, punuant to the prefentments for that purpofe, the grand juries are impow-Tred by the provisions of faid a$, topicfent the amount of the damages recovered in an adion or adions, by the perfou or perfons fuflaining fuch injury, againft the perfon or perfons duly employed in doing the faid work, and the taxed colls of the parties in fuch 3dion or adion; and whereas it is reafona-ableand juft to provide the fame; be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful for •*, Pio»Cnio»J	the grand jury of the county of the faid city of Dublin, at

to be paid to	any of the prefenting terms after pafiing of this ad, topre-

)•*. Gorman, cf<j. lent the faid fum of two hundred and ninety-three pounds being fees to oi- ten (hillings and ten pence fterling, to ^ paid to Fortefcuc Gorman, efquire, b<jing the fees due and payable to the o£

*** fleet s of the houfe of lo'ds, on palling the faid recited ad ; and alfo to prefent in like manner l'uch damages as it fhall appear to them have been recovered in. any adion or adions on account of any injury, by means of clean fing or widening the roads or pafla ges in the county of the find city, pursuant to prefentment forthat purpofe, againll any perfou ©r perfons duly employed in the laid work, together with the taxed cofls of the parties in fuch adron or adions, all and every of the feveral perfentments to be raifed and levied ofl the faid county of the city of Dublin, in like manner as other money is direded tobe-raife^ by tlje lai^ ictjtcd ad,

Grand jury

C H A

Digitized by booQle

Yht thirty fifth Year of Georye III. CHAP. XX^V,

jfa 43 for amending the Laws for the Regulation of Lottery Offices > and for preventing the Infurame of Lottery Tickets•

FOR preventing the evafion of the laws for the regulation of lottery-offices, and to prevent the infurance of lottery tipkets ; be it ena&ed by the Ring’s moil excellent JVtajefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpintual and temporal, and commons in the prefpnt Parliament aifembied,'and by the authority of the fame, That jftanajrpn©! it (hall not be lawful for the managers and dire&ors of lot- ktteriesnpt teries in this kingdom, to grant a licenfc to any perfon to grant iiceidc^ deal in any lottery tickets or (hares thereof, unlefs the per- herein, fon or perfons requiring fuch licenfc, (hall make oath by affidavit in writing to be fubferibed by him, her, qr them, which oath any one of the managers and directors is hereby authorised %o adminifter, that the lottery tickets which he,

(he, or they hath or have depofited with the officer for (lamping (hares of lottery tickets, are his, her, or their foie and abfolute property^ and that he, (he, or they, and no other perfon or perfons is or are interefted in the feme, or the profits to arife therefrom, or out of the office to be kept by virtue of the faid licenfe, and that he, (he, or they f will not a& under the feid licenfe in trull, or for the benefit pf any other perfon or perfons.

II. And be it enabled, That no perfon (hall attend at the place of drawing tickets in any lottery in this-kingdom, for the purpofe of taking down the numbers of the tickets 0f numb<rrs 5 asthp fame ftiall be drawn, or the benefits to belong to without written the fame, unlefs by the fpeqial canfcnt, direction, and ap- notice, &c. probation pf the managers and direflors 0f fuch lottery, or Pcn*lfI‘ any three or more qf them, hy writing under their hands; and if any perfon prefent at the drawing of the feid lob* tery, and not being duly authorized or hceufed in manner afore faid, (hall at fqch time and place, take or fet down in writing the number Qr numbers of any ticket or tickets, when or after the fame (hall be drawn, or any figures or marks to denote the feme, any fuch perfon fo offending, upon the view of any magiftrate, or being conyi&ed thereof fcy the oath of any credible witqefs, (hall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds; and (hall by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch magiftrate be committed to gaol until he or (he (hall hare paid the feid fum 0/ fifty pounds; and that oue '■ ’ '	*	moiety

*

Digitized by kjOOQie

XA. lieutenant, my appoint » comptroller* and i infpeitor, at xooi. a year ***■

From July J79J, perfon* ervftiwj offices ant liceiift-d, of where licenfe withdrawn, penalty iool. a*, herein.

Th tbirtytfifth Tutr tf Getrge III.

moiety of every fuch penalty (hall belong to the informer or informers profecuting the fame, and the other moiety to his Majefty, nil heirs and fucfctffors.

III.	And be it ena&ed, That in order to cany the intention of this a& into execution, it (hall and may be lairful for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, to nominate and appoint two (it and proper perfong as comptrollers of the le-veral lottery o$ce keepers, as alfo one other fit and proper perfon as an infpcAor of the laid office keepers, and fuck officers (hall order; do* and perform fuch matters and things as by this a& is directed to be done ^nd performed, and fnen perfong fo appointed, (kaQ be paid falaries not exceeding one hundred pounds a year to eaeh perfon.

IV.	And be it ena&ed, That if from and after the fed day of July* one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-five, any perfon or perfong (had fet up, exercife, keep, or open airy office or place for buying, felling, •rcgiftering, or other-wife dealing in any tickets or chances, or parts or (hartg thereof, or m the number of any ticket or tickets in any lottery, $r (hall by writing or printing, publifti the fetting up or ufmg any fuch office or plate, or (hall fell any ticket, or (bane of a ticket in any lottery, without haying taken ont a licenfe for that purpofe jn manner aforefaid, or after any licenfe which (hall have been granted by the managers and dire&ors of the lottery (hall' hare been withdrawn, every fuch perfon or perfons fo offending, (hall refpe&ively forfeit for each and every fuch offence the fum of one hundred pounds; and the faid# comptrollers! op either of them, or any magiftrate, are, and is hereby authorized, required, and dire&ed upon proof or information op oath being thereof made, to repair to fuch office or houie, and (had and may feize and carry away all fuch books and papers as fhali or may be found in fuch office or houlje relating to any lottery ; and then and in every fuch cafe the faid comptrollers or either of them, or fuch other magiftrate or magff^ trates as (hall be then prefent, (hall and ma)> iftthev (hall think fit, at their foie discretion, by warrant untter his or their hand and feal, commit all and every perfon and per-* fons who (hall appear on view or information on oath to be acting as principals or clerks, or otherwise affifting therein, to bridewell, for any term not exceeding fix months as they jhall think proper, or until fuch perlon or perfons, ana each and every of them do* and (hall forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds, the one jnoiety thereof to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and tire other moiety to the informer ; and that the (aid comptrollers or magiftrates, or foy of them, (kali and may, if they think proper, commit

w

Digitized by

Yhdirtfifob tm of George tits	t$f

*}t and every other perfbn and perfons who fhifl be found A* D. therein to bridewell, for any time not exceeding one month* 179 V* . or until they and each and every of them do, and (hall Chap. 3J. give a proper account of themfdves, and good and fnfficisnC lecurity for their future conduft; and fuch proceeding ol the faid comptrollers or magift rates (hill not be fubjcct to appeal to any court whatever; and that it fhail and may b« lawful for the laid comptrollers, or either of them, in the prefencc of a, conftable, or for fuch other m^iftrate oe tpoagidratea as fhail be then prdent, in cafe they or any of them (hall be refilled admittance into fuch office or houfe, to break open all or any of the doors, or any part of fuch houfe or place where Inch offence (hall have been comihitted, and to enter Into fuch houfe or place, and> to feize fuch hooka and papas, and apprehend ail fuch perfon and pCN -font aa Audi or may be ducovered therein, lb as they and each and every of them dull and may be puaiffied as afore-faid ; and that it (hall and may be lawful for the (aid comptrollers, or either of them, or fuch other magifttates, or any of them, and all other perfont a&ing in their and each of their aid and affiftance, to (lop, arreft, and detain all and every fuch perfon and perfons fo dtfeovered in fuch office Or houfe, fo as fuch perfon aad perfons may be dealt with according to law; and if any perfon or perfons obftrnft.

duty, or in the due entering into fuch office or houfe, or in the feizmg of all fuch perfon and perfons as (hall be found in fuch office or houie, every fuch perfon fo obftruft-ing, oppofing, toolefting, or hindering as aforefaid, (hall be deemed an offender againit law and the publick peace, and the court before wherin fuch perfon (hall be tried and coo# vi&ed, (haU and may order fuch offender to be fined, im-prifoned, and publickly whipped, as in their discretion (hall be thought fit.

V.	And be it ena&ed, That no a&ion at law, or other proceeding whatfo'ever, (hall be againft the faid comptrollers* No ifhan or either of them, or other magi 11 rates, or thofe acting On* der them, for or by reafon of their entering into- any fuch herein, office or place, or any proceeding therein, or for or on account of their iinprifoning or detaining any filch perfon or perfons as (hall be found therein, or for or on account of any matter or thing that may be done by them, or cither 9r any of them, in carrying the intentions of this aft into	*

effect j provided that fuch comptrollers or maghtrafea (hall hajrc received information on oath, that infor^i^e of tickets or numbers, or other proceedings contrary to any	t

aft of pariiaflpnt for rqiuhyting lotteryoffieeijubavs beea

carried

Digitized by t^ooQle

\

A* D, *795*

KotftlOB againft licciicd o&ce-kecpcrs^ ms herein*

„ The thirty-fifth Year of George trf.

carried oh in faid office or houfe, ttnlefs fnch a&ion it htWf or other proceeding, (hall be with the eonfent and approbation of his Majesty's attorney general, or folicitor gcnc-ral, any thing in this, or any other a& to the contrary notwithstanding^

VL And be it efcafted, That it Shall not be lawful for any perfon or perfons whatever, to commence or enter, or caufe to be commented or entered, or ’ filed or profeeuted, any a£tion, fuk, bill, plaint or information, again ft any perfon or perfons duly been fed to deal in lottery tickets, for the recovery of any penalty or penalties in (lifted by any of the laws touching or concerning lotteries, or by this aft, 'on account of any offence committed, or alleged to be tommitted in a licenfed lottery office, unlefs the fame be eommeiiced, entered, fibd, and profecuted in the name, and with the eonfcnt of his Majeftyb aKorney general; and that all penalties which (hall be recovered under this ad, from perfons duly Hcenfed to deal m lottery tickets, Shall be divided, one moiety thereof to be paid to hisMajefly, and the other to the paor of the pariSh in which the perfon convift-ed (hall refide} and if any fuch a&ion, fmt, bill, plaint, of information, (hall be commenced or entered in any other perform name or names than as is before mentioned, the lame and all proceedings thereupon had, are hereby declared^ to be null and void, any law, cuftom, or ulage to the contrary notwithstanding*

CHAP. XXXV F.

An AS for more ejfeduaJly preferring the Peace within the City of Dublin, and the DtJlriR of the Metropolis, and eflablfb-mg a Parochial Watch in the faid City.

___	Tj^OR the better execution of the law, and fdr preferring

Aa&Ao&' < Ji the peace within the city of Dublin, and certain part* J. Q'	adjacent thereto, and for eitablifhing a parochial watch for

the fecurity of the faid city ; be it enafted by the King’* mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and eonfent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the circular road furrounding the city "of Dub-ffh« M ir ]in, and from the termination of the faid road at both fide# astatine *** °F ^1C r*vcr Anna Liffey, a line extending right acrofs the faid river, and all liberties, parifhes, prccinfta and placed lying within the^iame, and all places lying Within the wall Surrounding his Majeily’i dftr parks called th^Phcenix park^

M



7?* thirty-jifth Tear o/* George lit.

fhali be United in one diftriA, and be called the diftriA of the metropolis

, II. And be it dnaAed, That the faid diftriA (hall be divided into two parts, one to contain all that part of the faid diftriA lying to the north of the center of the laid river, and to be called the north divifion, and the other to contain all that part of the faid diflriA lying to the fouth of the faid river, and to be called the fouth divifion of the metropolis.

III.	And whereas it is expedient that a magiftrate fhali fuperintend within the diftriA aforefaid, the execution of the laws now in being, and the feveral provifions and regulations herein after enaAed, or which (hall hereafter be cna&fcd, for the prevention of offences againft the peace, and for the fpeedy profecution of offenders againft the fame, and aft in the execution thereof; be it therefore enaAed, That. there fhali be a fuperintendant magiftrate for the prefervation <af the peace within the diftriA aforefaid, to be eleAed in manner herein after mentioned, whofe duty it fhali be to enforce by due courfe of law, all laws now in being, or which (hall hereafter be made for the prevention of crimes, and the fpeedy profecution and punifhment of perfons guilty of offences againft the King's peace within the diftriA aforefaid.

IV.	Atod be it enaAed, That in each of the faid divifiom, there fhali be a magiftrate to be eleAed in manner herein after mentioned, who (hall have full power, authority, and jurifdiAion to a A as a juftice of the peace, and fuch magif-trates fhali be called divifional juftices.

V.	' And be it enaAed, That fo foon after the pafling of this a6l as conveniently may be, the lord mayor of the city of Dublin, (hall convene an aflembly of the corporation of the faid city, for the purpofe of eleAing able and fit per-

v. fons to be a fuperintendant magiftrate, and divifional juftices j and the lord mayor and aldermen of the faid city, or the ufual quorum of them, fhali at fueh affembly nominate three perfons from amongft the aldermen of the faid city, as fit perfons to ferve in the office of fuperintendant magiftrate, and nominate three perfons from amongft the aldermen of the faid city* to ferve in the office of each divifional juftice, and (baft return the names of fuch three aldermen for each' Of the faid offices to the commons of the common council of the faid city ; and the faid commons fhali eleA one of the aldermen returned, as fit perfons to fefre in the office of fuperintendant magiftrate ; and one of the aldermen named in each of the faid other returns, as fit perfons to ferve in the office of divifional juftice; and the perfons fo eleAed by the commons of the faid ; city to ferve in the faid office of iuperintendant magiftrate, and divifional juftices refpeAively, * fbiUbc presented to.the lord lieutenapt; or other chief governor

Diftri& divided into z >arts, north and

Louth.

A fuperintendant magiftrate to etifprce the laws.

A magiftrate for each divifion.

Lord mayor to convene the corporation, dec.

Digitized by

Google

tft cafes of death or re-taiovai, others Hull be ek&td.

Offices to be held daring good behaviour.

fhe thirtyffth fear George tlL

ternor or governors of this kingdom* and the privy cotimcxk for their approbation, in like manner as the lord mayor and. (hcriffi of the faid city, by the rules, orders* and direct tions made by the lord lieutenant and council for the re* gulating of all cities, walled towns, and corporations in fhis kingdom, purfuant to an ad of parliament made in this kingdom in the fevgnteenth and eighteenth years of the teign of his late Msyefty, Charles the fecond, entitled. An if 8 for thf explaining of fern* * doubts nrifing upon an aff, en-titled, /in a8 for the better execution of his Mafejlf: gracious declaration for the Jettlement tf bit kingdom of Ireland, and Jat 'ufnStion of the fevered interefis of adventurers* Jobbers, andother bis fuhjeSs there% and for making feme alterations oft > tend additions unto the faid for the mode fpeedy and effectual' fettlment of the faid kingdom ; are to be prefented and approved of, a9 if the faid fuperintendant magiftrate, and di~; vifional juft ices, were named in the (aid rules, -orders, and* directions j and the perfon eleded to feive in the {aid office* being fo approved, {hall be fuperintendant magiftrate, and the perfons io eleded by the commons of the (aid city to: Serve in the offices of diviftonal juftices, being fo approved* Ihall be divifional juftices, to cxercife the faid offices, from, the twenty-ninth day of September next

VI.	And be it eroded* That	as	any	fuperin-

tendant trlagiftrate, or diviftonal juftice (hall die. Or oe re* moved fjpm tiia office, the lord mayor and aldermen of the laid city, or the ufual quorum of them, (haH as foon after ftich vacancy (hall happen in like manner as aforefaid* nominate three perfons from amongft the aldermen of the faid? city, as fit perfons to ferve in the office fo vacant, and (hrfb fceturn the names of fuch three aldermen to the commons of. the common council of the faid city ; and the faid common* Ihall ded one of the faid alderinen to be fuparintendant m*M giftratc, or divifional juftice, (as the dafe may be) and the1 perfon fo eleded by the faid commons of the laid city, and approved of by the lord lieutenant and council as aforefaids (hall be the perfon to fill the vacancy.

VII.	And be it enaded, That the perfons who (htH be fo eleded to the faid offices of fupciinteildant magiftrate and diviftonal juftice, and approved of as aforefaid, (nail re-fpedively hold and exercife the fame during'their good be* hatiour therein ; and if upon any complaint made to his jefty’s court of King's bench, of mifbehaviour of anjr fu]

mtendant magiftrate, or divifional juftice in hi9 office, the laid court of King’s bench, (hall order an attachment tgakift him, fuch perfon (hall thereupon ceafe to be fuperiuteodaai laagiftrate or diviftonal juftice; and the lord mayor, alder* Hen* and common council of the laid city, ihall immediately

Digitized by v^ooQle

In cafe of

The thirty.fifth Tear of George III.

diately proceed to ele& another alderman to fill the vacancy.

VIII.	And be it ena&ed. That in cafe of ficknefs of any fuperintendant magi ft rate, or divifional juft ice, or in cafe of abfence on account of any qeceflary occafion, fuch fuperintendant magiftrate, or divifional juftice, (hall not be able to (hkneft, ***• execute the duties of his office, it (hall and may be lawful

fpr fuch magiftrate or juftice, to nominate any alderman of abfent mor^ than the faid city, (for whofe conduit in office he thall be re- 4oday«iaay«ar, fponfible), by writing under his hand and feal, to execute the duties of fuch office during fuch ficknefs or abfence, and the perfon who (hall be fo nominated, if approved of by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors, (hall, during fuch ficknefs or abfence have the fame power and authority in all things refpe&ing the faid office, as if he had been elected to the lame in manner aforefaid j provided always, that no fuch fuperintendant magiftrate or divifional juftice (hall be fo abfent for more than forty days in the whole in any one year.

IX.	And be it ena&ed, That the fecretary or clerk to the Clerk to enter faid fuperintendant magiftrate, (hall make an entry in a book attendance* and to be kept in his office of every day in which the laid fuper- J?Mar intendant magiftrate (hall attend therein, and (hall yearly on jf 2VifoDal juf-cvery twenty-fifth day of March, return an account thereof tice abfent, with-to the chief fecretary to the lord lieutenant, or other chief out nominating, governor or governors of this kingdom, verified by the oath jl* a day penalty, of the faid fecretary or clerk ; and for every day fuch fuperintendant magiftrate (hall appear by fuch return to be abfent,

exceeding forty days in any one year, the fum of five pounds (hall be dedu&ed from the falary of fuch fiiperintendant magiftrate ; and if any divifional juftice (hall be abfent from his office for one day without having nominated a magiftrate to execute the duties of his office, the film of Eve pounds fhall be dedu&ed from the (alary of fuch divifional juftice, for every day he (hall be fo abfent,

X.	And be it ena&cd. That a publick office fo£ tranf- An office fpr

alting the bufmefs of a juftice of the peace, (hall be kept tranfiuftiiigr tha in each of the aforefaid divifiont; and that two houfes of	•	ju^

corre&ion (hall be kept within the laid diftriH in fuch placet ***

as the (aid fuperintendant magiftrate (hall think ^oft expedient ; and the faid divifional juftices (hall diligently attend at their rcfpe&ive offices to do the duty of magiftrate* and each of them (hall refide at, and inhabit the public office of the divifion for which he (hall be fo chofen ; and fuch jut tices (hall refpeHively hire and retain fuch clerks and alii ft-ants as (hall be ncceflary for the due execution of the bufineft of their refpe&ivc offices, fuch. clerks and affiftants having the approbation of the. faid, fupeuntcqdant magiftrate, and Vql. X*	L	i	being

Digitized by

^ Divifjonal juftices to attend . from 9 till i% each day.

T}je thirty-fifth Tear of George III.

being removcablc at pleafure ; and fuch refiding juftices (hall make or caufe fuch clerk or clerks to make a regular entry in a book or books to be kept for that purpofe, of all proceedings in their refpe&ive offices, a copy of which each refiding juftice is hereby required to tranmnt once a week to the Taid fuperintendant magi (Irate.

XI.	And be it ena&ed, That each of the faid divifional juftices (hall attend at his office, from the hour of nine of the clock in the morning every day until twelve o’clock, and until all the bufinefs for that day (hall be finiffied, and (hall keep in his office a book, and every day on which he fhal) attend, he (hall at his coming, enter his name therein, and the clerk to the faid juftice mall after it enter the day and hour when He came; and at his going from the (aid office, he (hall alfo enter his name in the faid book, and the clerk (hall after it enter the hour, and whether any bufinefs then remained undone or not, of the truth of which entries, affidavit (hall once every three months be made by the faid clerk, and tranfmitted to the fuperintendant-ma-giftrate, and to the chief fecretary of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom.

XII.	And be it enacted, That no clerk of any divifional juftice a&ing in the faid offices (hall, upon any pretence, or under any colour whatsoever, take any money or other re-compenoe by way of fee or reward, for any trouble or attendance in doing the bufinefs of a clerk to a juftice of the peace, other than fuch falary as he (hall be entitled to by virtue of his appointment, any law, ufage, or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding; and that if any perfon (hall offend herein, fuch perfon fo offending, (hall forfeit and pay the fum of twenty pounds for every fuch offence, which fum of twenty pounds (hall be recovered by civil bill, in the name of any perfon who (hall fue for the fame.

XIII.	And* be it eaa&ed, That fuch and the like fees as

. .	have	heretofore	been	payable to the clerks of juftices of the

^k,tobe paid peace, (hall for all bufinefs which (hall be done at (aid offices fidinkLotties,	l^e feid*rcfpe£ivc divifions, be paid to, and received br

herein.	the	juftice refiding at fuch office; and the fame, and alfo all

fines, forfeitures, pnd penalties, which (hall be paid to any of the faid juftices, or levied by them, or any of them, (hall from time to time be entered in a book to be kept for that purpofe, and (hall be accounted for on oath, and paid once in every week in the year, by every fuch refiding juftice, to the faid fuperintendant-magiftrate, to be applied towards defraying the cxpences of carrying this ad into execution ; and /	that	the (aid iuperintendant-magittrate (hail have power to

make a table of fuch fees, which (hall be hung up in the offices of fuch divifional magikrates.

XIV. And

Clerk not to ^ake fees, penalty %oU

Fees heretofore payable to

Digitized by v^ooQle

The ihirty-Jifth Year of George III*	163

" XIV. And be it further enafted, That it fhall he lawful A. D. for the faid fuperintendant-magiftrate to retain and employ t 795* fnch number of fit aud able men as fhall be neceflary, fur-	Chap. 36»

nifhed with, proper arms and accoutrements, to adt as mini-flerial officers of the peace within the diftridl aforefaid, and Stip. mag. 10 the faid feveral divifions, for better preventing the cornmif- employ officers fifon of offences, and for the more fpeedy and certain appre- of.the heading of offenders againft the peace within the fame, as well by night as by day, that is to fay, not more than twen- hcrcim * ty-five men and one chief peace:offlcer, to do duty in each df the faid -divifions refpe&ivety ; and the faid twenty-five men in each divifion, making altogether fifty men, to be called petty conftables of the faid diftridt ; and the faid chief peace-officer to he called chief conftable of the faid divifion, and the faid fuperintendant-magillrate fhall appoint one principal peace-officer, to be called high-conftable of the peace far the faid diftridl, fuch high-conftable to be appointed with the approbation of the lord lieutenant* or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being ; and all and cveiy fuch petty-conftable and conftables fo appointed as aforefaid, fhall obey fuch lawful diredtions as they fhall*

. from time to time receive from the rt-fpe&ive chief conftables within their refpedlive divifions } and the faid petty conftables, and the faid chief conftables, fhall in like manner obey fuch lawful dircdlions as they fhall from time to time receive from the faid high-conftable of the peace for the prevention of crimes and apprehending of offenders$ and all and every fuch conftables, and the faid high-conftable of the peace fhall obey all fuch lawful diredlions as they fhall receive from the laid fuperintendant-magiftrate or divifional jultices, or any of them, for the due execution of the laws, and of the power and authority by this adl given to the faid magiftrates, or any of them; and if any of the aforefaid petty conftables fhall negledl or refufe fo to obey as aforefaid, he or they fhall be liable to fuch penalty not exceeding forty fhillings, and fuch imprifonment in the common gaol not exceeding one month, as the faid fuperintendant-magiftrate, after due examination and proof upon oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, or the confeflion of the party, fhall impofe and diredl.

XV. And be it further ena&ed, That the faid fuperin- Slip. tnfl*. tendant-magiflrate fhall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to deemed a juftjee be a juftice of the peace, with all power and authority to P°acc’^£ the office of a juftice of the peace now by law belonging or given by this a6l, or which fhall be given by any future a£l, and fuch magiftrate fhall within the faid diftridl, immediately have and enjoy all fuch power and authority, in like manner as if he had been named in the commilfion of the paace for L 2	each

Digitized by

Google

164	Tfe	thirty	fifth	Tear	of	George	III.

Conftable* appointed. See. deemed confta-blcs, with power of conftable, dec. as hereto.

Conflahl^i to

he employed, dec. as herein.

An office to be kept for fup. lirijriftmCjdsC. as herein.

each of the counties, liberties, and places lying within the fame, any law* ufage, ctlflom, or ftatute to the contrary notwithllanding J and the faid magiftrate (hall have and enjoy all benefit, privilege, and advantage which any juftice of the peace (hall or may be entitled to by any ad or ads of parliament heretofore made, ot hereafter to be made, or by v»r- ^ tUe of this prefent ad, or otherwife j and the faid magif-trate fhaD take fpeh oath of office as is now by law required to be taken by any perfon ading as a juftice of the peace for any county, city, liberty, or other place.

XVI.	And be it enaded, That every petty conftable, chief conftable, and high conftable, appointed by the faid fuperintendant magiftrate, whofd name (hall be entered as fuch in a book oV books to be kept for that purpofe by fuch magiftrate, (hall be adjudged, deemed, and taken, to all intents and purpofes, to be a conftable, and (hall within the faid diftrid have and enjoy all fuch authority.and power, and all fuch benefit, privilege, and advantage as any conftable duly and lawfully appointed, now has, or hereafter may have, by Virtue of any law or cuftom, or of any ad or ads of parliament heretofore made, or hereafter to be made, or by virtue of this ad or otherwife; and that a certificate of fuch entry, under the hand and feal of fuch fuperintendant tnagiftrate, (hall be fufficient evidence in all cafes whatfo* ever, that fuch perfon or perfons is or are nominated and appointed to do duty as petty-con (tables, chief-con (tables, and nigh-conftable, by the faid fuperint ndant magi ft rate, and the faid petiy-eonftablei, chief-coil ft ables, and high-confta-Me, (hall take fuch oath of office, as is bv law required to be taken by any perfon ading as a conftable appointed in Und for any parifh, liberty, precind, or place whatfoever, which oath the faid fupertntendant-magltirate is hereby authorized and required to adminlfter.

XVII.	And be it further enaded. That the faid high, chief, and petty-conftablcs m each divifion refpedivcly, (hall from time to time, and at all times, be employed within the faid diftrid in the prefervation of the peace, and apprehending of offenders, in fuch manner as fhall be judged moft expedient, and direded by the faid* fuperintcudant-magiftrate.

XVIII.	And be it enaded, That a proper and convenient office fhall be kept for the purpofe of carrying on the bufiuefs of the faid fuperintcndant-cnagiftrate, m which all fuch bufinefs (hall be tranfaded, and not elfewhere 5^and the daid fupenntendant-magiftrate fhall caufc fuch feal of office to be made, as to him fhall feem prober; and the fame fhall be ufed in all cafes where any thing is direded to be done under his hand and feal $ and the laid fuperintcndant-niagif-

trate

Digitized by Google

The thirty fifth Tear of Oeprge IIIt	^	t6f

frate (hall nominate aqd appoint a fecretary to b* approved At D. by the lord lieutenant or other chief governpr Qr governors 179$.

.01 this kingdom; and alfo fuch clerks, afliftants and fer- Chap. 36* vants, 30 (hall be neceifary to attend upon, and tranfaft the bufinefs of the faid fuperintendant-magiftrate, and the laid fuperintendant-magiftrate (hall caufe tp be entered in a book or books, all proceedings which (hajl be had by, or before them, or any of then*,

XIX.	And be it enabled, That no perfon (hall proceed g«p. mag. to to aft as fuperintendant-jnagityrate in the execution of any take flowing of the powers and authorities given by this aft, until he **th.

(hall haye taken and fubferibed the following oath, that is to foy;

/ do hereby fwear, that I will with all fiTigetffie and fidelity, Oath, according tq the bejl of piy Jhill and knowledge, and without favour, ajfcftion, prejudice or malice, execute the powers entrufted to me as fvpcxintendant-magifirate for the preservation of the peace in the diflriB of the metropolis*

So help me Co dt

• Which oath the Iprd mayor of the faid pity (hall be, and lord mayor to , is hertby NeippoWercd to adminiiler, and a copy of the faid adminifter fame, . path fubferibed by the fuperinteqdant-magiftfate fwearing M herein, the fame, and the lord may or before whom the fame ^loJU be fwom (hall be kept by the town-clerk of the faid city.

XX.	And be it enafted, That every perfon appointed Supma^aad fuperintendant-magiftrate and divifional juftice , purfuant to iuftice to this aft, (hall before he aft as a fuperintendant-magiftrate

Pr juftice of the peace, under and by virtue of the fame,	rf jSce,

take fuph oaths, and make and fubferibe fuch declarations J as pther juftices of the peace are by law bound to do.

XXL And be it enafted. That the faid &jperipteudai>t- Salaries,^ xnagiitrate, and the faid divifional juftices, Ihaft be Severally at herein and refpeftively paid fuch (alarics as the Ipxd lieutenant pr other chief governor or chief giwernors pf this kingdom (or the time being, (hall by warrant direft, not exceeding the fum of fi? hundred pounds, to the faid {uperintendant* magiftrate, and any fum upt exceeding^ xfie. fum of three, hundred pounds, to each of the faid divifional juftices, epd that to the feprftary, clerk, alfiftanta and fervants to be	■

appointed by the faid fuperintendant-jBagiiltate, the (aid. high-con (table, chief-con (tables, and petty-coqftxbles, (hall bo paid fuch fum* as the faid fuperintendant-magiftrate, with , the approbation of the lord lieutenant or other chief gover-spor or governors of this kingdom (hall appoint, not, Exceed-, yig iu the whole two thoufand two hundred, pounds j. <md that the fterks end aififtants to the laid divifional juftices,

■“ ....................................................... m	n

Digitized by Google

Rewards by

former h&s for convi&ion of persons charged with mauler,

Stc. not allowed iwitjua diftri^of metropolis,

' Superintend.

* Snag i it rate may fend offender to divifior.al juftice where offence cpniputt Udt

Supet intend, tnagillrate, juf-ticcs, &c. mny apprehend per-foris carrying goods fuppolcd to bp ftplpn.

The thirty-fifth Year of George jll.

(hall be paid fuch Aims as the refident juftice at each office fhall direft, not exceeding five hundred pounds.

XXII.	And be it enabled. That no perfon (Hall be entitled to, or (hall be paid any Aim oi Anns of money allowed by any aft or afts of parliament heretofore made, as a reward for apprehending and profecuting to conviftion, any perfon charged with murder, robbery, houfe-breaking, burglary, or larceny committed within the diftiift of the metropolis j and that all fuch afts, fo far as they relate to allowing any pecuniary reward for any of the purpofes afore-faid, in all cafes pf murder, robbery, houfe-breaking, burglary, or larceny, committed within the faid dirtrift, fhall ceaie and be void ; and that in lieu thereof, k (hall and may be lawful for the faid fuperintendant-magiftrate, with the confent of the faid divifional juftices, to give fuch reward or recompenfc to any perfon or perfons who (hall apprehend or profecute any perfon or perfons who (hall be convifted of the aforefaid offences, committed within the diftrift of the metropolis, as (hail feem ne^effary, fuch reward to be fpecified iu an inftrument under the hand and feal of fuch magiftrate and juftices ; provided that the Aim fo to be given in any cafe, fhall not exceed the fum of twenty pounds,

XXIII.	And be it enafted, that it fhall and may be lawful for the faid fuperintendant-magiftrate, in all cafes when it fhall feem to him neceffary, to direct that any offender who fhall be apprehended, fhall be carried before the juftice of the peace acting in fuch of the divifions herein mentioned, within which the offence or offences fhall have been committed, to be dealt with' according to law ; arid alfo to tranfmit to fuch juftice, all informations taken *e-fpefting fuch offence or offences ; and that the faid fuper-indant-magiftrate fhall not be compellable to proceed fur-ther upon fuch information or complaint, or in any manner to aft as a juftice of the peace, but may direft every perfon making complaint, or requiring him to aft as a juftice of the peace, to apply to the juftice afting within the dtvi-Aon where the cauie of complaint fhall have arifen.

XXIV.	And be it further enafted, That it Vhall be law-Ail for the faid fuperintendant-magiftrate and juftices, or any of them, or for' any perfon or perfons being a petty-pohftable, chief-conftable, or high conltablc, duly appointed by the faid fuperintendant-magiftrate, to apprehend, or caufe to be apprehended, all and every perfon and perfons carrying, pr in any manner conveying ^ny goods or chattels whatfoever, in cafe it fhall appear to them that there is probable ground to fufpeft that fuch goods and chattels have been ftolcn, or felon ionfly taken and carried away j find the fame* together yrith fuch perfon or perfons as feon

W

f	Digitized	by	VjOOQ	1C

■ * .

The thirty-fifth Tear of George Iff.

it conveniently may be, to carry or convey befoifc a magi* ft rate, to be dealt with according to law.

XXV.	And be it further enabled, That h (hall be lawful 4 for. the laid fiiDerintendant-magiftrate, or juftices, or any of them, upon information on oath, or for any perfon or perfons being a petty-con liable, chief-conftable, or high-conftable, duly appointed by the faid fuperintendant-magi-flrate, fuch petty-conftable, chief-conftable, or high-con-itable, being authorized by warrant under the hand and feal of the faid fuperintendant-magiftrate, which warrant they, or any of them, upon information on oath to him or them given, is and are hereby authorized to grant, to break open any dwelling- houfe, out-houfe, (hop, ware-houfe, cellar, yard, or other place, in order to fearch for felons, or ac-ceffaries to any felons, or receivers of ftolen goods, or to fearch for any goods, chattels, or other things ftolen, or felonioufly taken and carried away, if fuch dwelling-houfe, out-houfe, (hop, ware-houfe, yard, or other place named in fuch warrant, (hall not be opened on demand, after due notice of fuch warrant.

XXVI.	And be it ena&ed, That in cafe the goods, chattels, or other things fo carried or conveyed, were not ftolen, or in cafe no felon, acceflaries to felony, receivers of ftolen goods, rogues and vagabonds, or goods or chattels ftolen, ot felonioufly taken and carried away, (hall be found in

.fuch dwelling-houfe, out-hou(e, (hop, ware-houfe, cellar, yard, or other place, neverthclefs the faid fuperintendant-magiftrate, or any petty-conftable, chief-conftable, or bigh-conftable, being duly authorized as aforefaid, (hall not be liable to any a&ion, bill, fuit, or plaint, as for a trefpafs in fuch apprehending, entering or breaking, any law, ufage, or cuftora to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXVII.	And be it ena&ed, That every perfon inwhofe dwelling-houfe, out-houfe, (hop, ware-houfe, cellar, yard, o$ other place,.any fuch ftolen goods, receiver of ltolen poods, or rogu£ and vagabond ftiau be found, to be know-mgly and wilfully harboured or concealed, (hall upon being convi&ed by due courfe of law, of fo knowingly and wilfully harbouring fuch gooda, or fuch rogue or vagabond, for the firft offence, forfeit the fum of fifty pounds; and’ for every fubfequent offence, the fum of one hundred pounds ; or (hall be committed to prifon without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding fix calendar months.

XAVIII. And be it ena&ed, Th3t it (hall and may be lawful for the faid fuperintgpdant magiftrate, or divifional juftices, or for any perfon or perfons being a petty confta-ble, chief conftable, or high conftable, appointed by the laid fuperintendant magiftrate, at all times to enter into any

dwclling-

Superintend. magiftrate and juftices on information on oath, may br^ak open houfrs, Scc.

Though none found, magistrates, &c. not liable to a&ioiv

jol. penalty m harbouring fo-lens. See.

Superintend, magiftrate, & c. may enter ale-houfes, &c. and apprehend journeymen, &c.

Digitized by

Google

A. D.

*795* Chap. 36.

Victualler, Bit. fined Iol lor fi/ll offence.

Grand juries May prefcnt re-

Kira of the twc ufci of correct ion within diftrilt.

Tbt Miy&b Tiar 0/ George III.

dwdlmg-houfe or place kept by any vi&uaDer or victuallers, or other perfon or peribns felling or having licenfe or licenfes to fell beer, ale, or fpirituous liquors ; and to apprehend and take into cuftody, every journeyman, apprentice, fervant or labourer, who (hall be found therein, drink-ing, tipling, or gaming, at unfeafonabie hours, not being- a lodger or inmate in fuch ^oufe or place ; and to carry and convey every fiich perfon fo apprehended and taken into cuftody, as aforefaid, before any one or more juftice or justice* of the peace, to be dealt with as the law dire&s, in the cafe of vagabond*

XXIX.	And be it ena&ed, That every fuch victualler. Or perfon felling, or liceofed to fell beer, ale, or fpirituous liquors, in whole dwelling-houfe on other place fuch perfon or perfons (hall be found drinking, tiplrng, or gaming, as aforefaid, (hall upon due examination and proof thereof, made by one or more credible witnefs or witneffes before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace, forfeit the fum of ten pounds for the firft offence, to be levied out of the goods of fuch offender, by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch juftice or juftices; and that if fuch vi&ualler, or other perfon or perfons licenfed to fell beer, ale, or fpirituous liquors, (hall be oonvi&ed as aforefaid, a feoond time of fuch offence, his or her bond entered into at the time of obtaining fuch licenfe or liccnfea as aforefaid (hall be forfeited 5 and that if fuch victualler or other perfon or persons licenfed as aforefaid, (hall be a third time convicted before any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace, of fuch offenoe as afbrefaid, fuch licenfe or licenfes to fell beer, ale, or fpirituous liquors, (hall be thereupoii null and void.

XXX.	And be it enacted. That the term grand juries ^ of the counry of the city of Dublin, (hall from time to tin\e,

prefent fuch monies as may be neceflary by eftimate upon affidavit, for repairing the two houfes of correction within the faid diftriCt, and for neceiiaries therein; and for paying a yearly falary not exceeding the fum of forty pounds, to the keeper of each houfe of correction or confinement, the fame to be applotted and raifed in like manner as other films prefented by fuch grand Jury 5 and v^hen raifed to be paid over by the treafurcr of the dty of Dublin, to the laid fuperintendant magiftrate, who is* hereby required to fee that the fame (hall be properly expended, and to deliver an accouot verified upon oath* 6f the expenditure of the fame, as foon as conveniently may be, to the treafurer pf the county of the city of Dublin, who is hereby required to lay the fame before the term grand jury of the feid

county

Digitized by v^ooQle

*Tht drirtyfftb Tear of George III.

county which (hall be (worn next after be (hall receive the lame.

XXXI.	And be it enaded, That the faid fuperintendant

3'(Irate, (hall from time to time, appoint a keeper of houfe of correction, ^fto f^all obey all fuch lawful orders, rules and directions, as (hall from time to time be given "by the faid fuperintendant magiftratc.

XXXII.	And be it enabled, That the church-wardens of the feveral parifhes in the city of Dubjin, and the fe-Defchsls of the levcral liberties within the faid did rid, ^haU within fix days after the appointment of anv conftable in and for the faid pari(hes? liberties, precinos, and places ydthin the (aid diftpd, return tq the faid fuperintendant ynagiftrate, a true lift of the names, and the place or places of abode of fuch conftables; and if the faid church-wardens and fenefchals refpedively, (hall negled or refufe fo to do, the peribn or perfons fo offending, mail forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds for every fuch offence, to be recovered by civil bill, in the name of any perfon who (hall fue for the fame.

XXXlII.	And be it eijaftedf That it (hall be lawful for .

!he faid fuperintendant rnagiftrate, or for any perfon or per* ons being a chief conftab|e, or high conftable, duly appointed as aforefaid by him, at all times and in all places within the faid diftrjd, to require and command the aid and affiftancp of every or any conftable or Other officer of the peace, appointed ip and for any parifh» liberty, precind or place within the faid diftrid, io often as faid fuperintendant rnagiftrate, or any perfon or perfons, being; a chief conftable or high conftable, appointed by him 3* aforefaid, (hall think it neceffary or proper, for the apprehending of offenders againft the peace, aqd fuch other officers ot the peace, and every of them i«, and are hereby required immediately to obey fuch reqqeft^ and to affiit and attend upon the faid fuperintendant rnagiftrate, or othfr perfon or* perfons fo appointed by him as aforefaid, as the cafe may require.

XXXIV,	Apd be it £naded, That if upon due requeflt made by the faid fuperintendant rnagiftrate, or by any per* fon or perfons being a chief conftable, or high conftable, duly appointed by him to any of the faid conftables or other officers of the peace, to accompany, aid and altift him or them, and to be prefent at the doing pr performing aqy ad or ad, at the doing and performing whereof the pre-. fence of fuch conftable or other officer of the peace is or (hall be by this ad made neceflary, or to the doing or performing any other matter or thing relating to the apprehending of offenders} or preventing offences againit the

- peace.

Superintend, rnagiftrate to appoint keeper*^

Churchwardens and feficf-chala, to return to fup. mag. tiff of conftables.

Superintend, rnagiftrate, Vc. may demand the aid of conftable, &c.

Digitized by GoOglC

J7o

The thirty-jifth Tear of George III.

1 On refufjJ to afliii fup. mag. penalty aos.

NrghNwalkers,

fbfpitious persons, flee. as herein.

peace, where the faid aid and a(li(lance of fuch con (table, or other officer of the peace (hall be thought needful, or (hall be duly required or commanded by the faid fuperia-tendaot magi ft rate, or by any perfon or perfons as afore-faid, duly appointed by him, fuch conftable or other officer of the peace, (hall negle& or refiife fo to do, then and in fuch cafe, every fuch conftable and other officer of the peace who (hall fo refufe or negle& to accompany, aid or affifl fuch fuperintendant magiftrate, or fuch perfon or perfons as aforefaid, duly appointed by him, (hall upon convi&ion before a juftice of the peace, upon the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witne(Tes, or confeflion of the party, forfeit fuch fum of money as the faid juftice (hall think fit, not being more than forty (hillings, nor lefs than twenty (hillings, to be levied out of the goods and chattels of fuch offender ; or that it (hall and may be lawful for fuch juftice of the peace to commit fuch offender to prifon for any time, not exceeding one month, there to remain without bail or mainprize.

XXXV- And be it enabled, That all night-walkers, all fufpicious perfons in the day-time, loitering about, without any vifible means of maintaining themfelves, and all per-fons not giving a fatisfadlory accost of themfelves, all perfons notorioufly fufpedled of being thieves, aud all per-ions gaming or tipling in the publick ftreets, by-places, or fields, (hall or may be apprehended by any petty conftable, chief conftable, or high conftable, appointed by the faid fuperintendant magiftrate, or by any conftable, watchman, or beadle, and carried before a juftice. of peace; and if fuch perfon (hall not give fufficient furety for his or her good behaviour, he, (lie, or they (hall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a rogue and vagabond, within the intent and meaning of the ftatutes in that behalf made in this kingdom, and every juftice of the peace* when any fuch offender (hall be brought before him and committed for want of fuch fureties, as aforefaid, (hall immediately give notice thereof to the fuperintendant magiftrate ; and if any perfon or perfons apprehended as aforefaid, (hall be friendlefs and debited boys, under the age of fouiteen, it (hall be lawful for the faid fuperintendant magiftrate, at any time before any fuch perfon or perfons (hall be difeharged, to tender him or them to the governors of the marine hofpital, in order to be placed by them in the fea fervice, or otherwife to put him or them out in fome ufeful calling, occupation, or employment, according to the age and circumltances of the perfon, and as may feem moft convenient and pra&icable to the faid fuperintendant magiftrate; and that if any of the perfons fo apprehended (haft be common beggars, the (aid

luperinteudant

Digitized by v^ooQle

The thirty-fifth Tear of George III.

fuperintendant magiftrate (hall caufe them to 6e fent tothe fioufe of induftry.

XXXVI.	And be it enafted, That the laid fuperinten-dant magiftrate (hall, from time to time, and fo often as it thall be neceffary and proper, vifit and infpeft all and every the gaols, houfe6 of correftion, and other places within the daid diftrift, for the cuftody and confinement of perfons charged with, or guilty of any treafon, felony, mifdemea-nor, or breach of the peace; and as often as it fhall appear neceffary and expedient, make n true report to the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, and to the judges of his Majefty’s court of king’s bench, and alfo to the two houfes of parliament, of the ftate and condition of fuch gaols, houfes of correftion, and other places, and every of them, with their obfervations and remarks thereupon.

XXXVII.	And be it enafted, That it fhall be lawful ■for the faid fuperintendant magiftrate and divifional juf-tices, or any of them, to* fearch all fufpefted places within the faid diftrift, for concealed arms, abd if they fhall find any gun, piftol, fword, pike, dagger; or hanger, in the poffeffioM of any perfon not qualified by law to bear or carry arms, it fhall and may be lawful fbr the faid fuperintendant magiftrate and juftices, or any of them, and they are hereby required to feize and carry away, and to break and deftroy all fuch arms.

XXXVIII.	And be it enafted, That every fummons, warrant, order, or other precept figned by any juftice or Juftices of the peace afting within the faid diftrift, by virtue of this aft, fhall be ef force and effeft to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, in all and every place and places within the faid diftrift, notwithftanding the place in which fuch fummons, warrant, order, or precept fhall or may be executed, is out of the county of which the magiftrate fo figning it is as aforefaid, is a juftice of the peace, and although fuch fummons, warrant, order, or precept fhall not have been endorfed by a juftice of the county where it is •executed, any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXIX.	And be it enafted, That every juftice of the peace as foon as he fhall receive any complaint, or take any information of any burglary, houfe-breakin|j, or robbery, or grand larceny committed within the faid diftrift, or fhalj comnrit to prifop, or let to bail or mainprize, any perfon or perfons charged with any of the faid felonies, fhall give immediate notice thereof in writing, to the faid fuperintendant magiftrate, together with a copy or copies Qf all and every fuch information or informations, examination

171 A. D.

^795-Chap. 36.

Super, mag. to viut gaols, houfes of correction, &c. and make report as herein.

Sup. mng. Sec. may fearch for concealed

Warrant, fcc. figned by ju'lice of peace at here* “I-

Juftice of th$ peace to give immediate nct-t:jc to fup. mag, of felony, &c.

Digitized by Looq le

rjz	The	thirty-jifth Tear 0/ George III,

A. D. ruination or examinations, and confeflion or eonfei&ons ap 1795. miT hare been taken on the occafion of, or rcfpeding

Chap. 36. (ochfcbuy,

#Xl»»	**	**	enaftcd. That every juftice of the peace

Where per- within the (aid diftrid, as often as he (hall think it proper foa» charged to admit any perfon oar perfons charged with, or fufped-with felony or ^ Gf felony qj treafon, to give evidence for the crown, mitt^iy fuftfce ** tbc ^tcr difeoyery and convidion of his, her, pr their to give evidence accomplice or accomplices, the faid juftice ,or juftices ftufl for the ctowru immediately give notice thereof, with all the circumftance* relating to the fad in queftion, to the faid fuperintendaat magifcate, and after notice fa given, the faid juftice of juftices (hall not admit Pich perfon or perfops to tender hie, her, or their evidence for the crown, unlefs the faid for perintendant magtfrate faall fignify his approbation airf confent thereto, xr\ writing under his hfcityd and {cal; and all and every juftice or juftices offending in any of the particulars aforefaid, fhajl forfeit the fam of twenty pounds, tp he recovered hy adion of debt, to be brought in the pame of the fuperintendant piagiftrate in ap>y of his Majet ty’s courts of record at Dublin, in which no eflbign of. wager of laws or more than one imparlance (hall he allowed, or by civil bill iu the court of proper jurifdi&ion.

In rxfe of riot XLI. And be it cnaded, That as pften at any riot, nr unlawful af- rout, or unlawful affembly (hall happen, or. when these frmbly.fup mag. fhjj] he rcafonabk ground to apprehend that there may be ^fion^juf-	*“7 not* rout> °r unlawful aflcmbly, it (haft be lawful for

ticc*.	the faid fuperintendant magiftratc to require the aififtance

of the faid divifional jpftiees, who are hereby required upon requifition made in writing under the and feal of the faid fuperintendant npagiftrate, \o attend in perfon, together with a (ufficient number of constables admg within their divifton refpc&ively, at fuch time and place as the faid fuperintendant ipagiftrate (hall	as aforefaid, and then

and there to difppfe theipfclvcs and the faid cdn.ftables, and ad in fuch manner as (hall feem beft to the (aid fuperintendant magiftrate, for fupprefting or preventing fuch riot, rout* or unlawful affembly; and if any juftice fhall faO in any of the aforrfaid particulars, not having a reafonable excufe far fuch failure, he (hajl forfeit the lum of twenty pounds, to he recovered by a£&>n o£ debt, to. be. brought in the name of the laid fuperintendant magiftrate, in toy of his Majefty’s courts of record at Dublin, in which op effoign, wager of law, or more than one imparlance fhajl he allowed, or by dvil bill in the court o£ proper jurif-di&ion.

PcrfomKceriT- xl.II. And be it enaded, That ev^ry pprfon felling qr ie^offpSritMo beinS Ucenfcd to fell heer, ale, or fpirituous Ifauor* <*

give notice as

herein,	Q

Digitized by

The ihtrty-jifth Tear of George III.

«cercifing, or in any way carrying on the trade and occupation of a pawnbroker, Watch-irudtcr, buyer of old iion, lead, copper; tin, pewter, or other metal, (gold and diver only excepted) or old building materials, aH and every dealer or dealers in old furniture and old cloaths, all and every broker or brokers dealing in any fecond-hand goods or commodities whatfoever, ftable-keepcrs, or other perfons letting any horfe, mare, or gelding for hire, fhall in every year before the twenty-fifth day of March, give notice in writing of his or her name, place of abode, and occupation, to the (aid fuperintendant magiftrate; and every fuch perfon at aforefaid, m like manner, to often as he or (he (hall change his or her place of abode, (hall give like notice, and the faid fuperintendant magiftrate (hall, as often as fuch notice (hall be given, grant a certificate to fuch perfon or perfons of their having given fuch notice, Fot which certificate, every fuch perfon or perfons thafi pay the fum of one Britifh /hilling, and no more, and every fuch perfon as aforefaid, who fhall fail in giving notice, or in paying the fum of one' Britifh (hilling, as aforefaid, fhall forfeit the fum of five pounds.	v

XLIII. And be it ena&ed, That the faid fuperintendant inagi(Irate fhall caufe written or printed notices to be circulated, containing deferiptions of, with other circumftances relating to felons, acceflaries to felony, receivers of ftolen goods, and alfo deferiptions of goods and chattels ftolen, or felonioufly taken and carried away, harboured or concealed within the faid diftrilt, or elfewhere within this kingdom, and to be fixed up in fuch parts of the faid dif-tridfc as fhaB be moft proper, and the pod-mailer general, or his deputy, or other perfon by him thereunto authorized, fhall as often as he (hall be thereunto required by any of the laid magiftrates, caufe fuch printed notices to be dispatched from the pod-office to the principal peace-officers of the (e-veral towns to whom the fame mall be dire&ed, to be by them fixed up where they may be feen and read in the mod frequented parts of fuen places, which notices (hall not be charged with any damp duty, or with any duty of podage.

XLIV. And be it ena&ed, That fo often as any perfon fo required to give notice of his or her name, place of abode and occupation as aforefaid, fhall have in his or her poflef-fion any goods or chattels, and after receiving a printed or written notice of fuch goods or chattels being ftolen, with a description thereof, fhall wilfully omit or refufe immediately to make difeovery to the faid fuperintendant-raagidrate of fo having the fame in his or her pofTeffion, and of the perfon «r perfons from whom he, fhe, or they received them, everjr

penalty $1*

Sup. mag. to caufe deferiptions, &c. of felons, &c. to be circulated, at herein/

50I. penalty, &c. on perfons having itolen goods refilling to make difeovery, as herein*

Digitized by Google

- *74

The thirty-fifth Tear of George ttT.

A. D.	fuch perfon fhaU forfeit the fum of fifty pounds, and the va-

1795.	lue of the faid goods and chattels, and if be, (he, or they

Chap. 36. upon requifition made by any officer o’* officer* of the faid fuperintendant-magiftrate to produce the fame, (hall omit or retiife fo to do, every perfon fo offending, fhall forfeit the like fum of fifty pounds, and the value of fuch goods, chattels, or other things, which faid penalty fhall be recoverable by aftion of debt, or upon the cafe to be brought in the name of the fuperintendant-magiilrate, in any of his Majcfty’s courts of record at Dublin, wherein no effoign or wager of law, nor more than one imparlance (hall be al* lowed.

r XLV. And for carrying into execution the good pur-peace not to be p°fcs of this aft; be it enafted, That the feffions of the adjourned but peace for «he county of the city of Dublin, and county of from 6 weeks to Dublin, which have been heretofore ufually holden at the 6 weeks, &c. tholfel of the city of Dublin, and at Kilmainham refpec-tively, fhall not be adjourned for any greater length of time than from fix weeks to fix weeks, and that it fhall and may be lawful to hold fuch feffions in the county of the city of Dubliu, and county of Dublin during the lavr terms.

XLV I. And be it enafted, That all recognizance* en-Recognizancea tered into with condition to profecute, give evidence, or ap-feoit^at*next°"	to an^wer ^or or on account of any offence committed

feffions, &.c.	within the faid Jiflrift, and to be tried at any of the afore-

faid feffions, (hall be conditioned to profecute, give evidence, or appear to anfwcr at the next feffions to be holden as aforefaid, in the county of the eity of Dublin, or county of Dublin, as the cafe may require, and all fuch recognizances fhall be returned to the proper court of criminal jurifdiftion of the county in which the offence fhall have been charged to be committed.

Where penal- XLVII. And be^it enafted, That every forfeiture or pe-tics recoverable, nalty inffifted by this aft, (fave and except fuch as are herein and how levied, otherwife direfted to be recovered) fhall be recoverable by conviftion before any one or more of his Majefly’s juft ices of the peace afting within the faid diftrift, in the refpe&ive divifions where the offence may happen to have been committed, and every fuch forfeiture or penalty fhall or may after fuch conviftion of the offence as aforefaid, be levied out of the goods and chattels of the perfon fo convifted, by warrant under the hand and feal, or hands and feals of any of the faid juftices, to be direfted to aay conflable or other perfon having the authority of a conflable, by virtue of this aft, and the fame fhall when levied, be paid to one of the ,•	juftices of the peace who figned the warrant; and in cafe the

perfon fo convifted as aforefaid, fhall not have fufficient effete

Digitized by

Google

The thirty-fifth Tear of George III.	17$

fc£td whereout to levy fuch forfeiture or penalties, it fhall A. D. find may be lawful to and for fuch juftice or juftices refpec- 179$. tively, before whom the offender or offenders fhall be con- Chap. 36. vi^fced, (fave and except in fuch cafes where it is otherwife provided ia this ad,) to commit fuch offender or offenders to the commonfgaol or houfe of corredion, to hard labour, tor any time not exceeding three months, nor lefs than one month, as fuch juftice or juftices in his or their difcrction fhall think fit.

XLVIII. Provided always. That it fhall be lawful for the power in juf-juftice or juftices before whom fuch convidion fhall be bad, tice of mitigat-to mitigate any of the faid penalties according to his difere- ing penalties, tion, and as the ability of the party and circumftances may require.

XLIX. And be it enaded, That in cafe any perfon or perfons ag* perfons who fhall hereafter be convided of any of the faid grievtd to ap-offences, fhall conceive him or themfelves aggrieved by fuch p^al to next ge-convidion, then and in eveiy fucli cafe it fhall and maybe quarter lawful for fuch perfon or perlons refpedfvely, to appeal to	M

the next general or quarter feflions of the peace, to be hold-en for tne county within which fuch offence fhall have been comrttitted, giving to the juftice or juftices before whom fuch convidion fhall be, fix days notice at the leaft, of his or their intention to prefer fuch appeal, and entering into a recognizance with fufneient fureties to abide fuch order as the court fhall make ; and on every fuch appeal, the juftices at fuch feflions, upon proof being made by the party fo appealing, of his having given fuch notice as ,aforefaid, * and entering into fuch recognizance as aforefaid, fhall and may, and they arc hereby authorized to proceed to the hearing and final determination of the matter of the faid appeal, and to make fuch order therein, and award fuch cofts to be paid by and to either party, as they in their diferetion (hall think fit, which faid order fhall be binding and conclufive upon all parties.

1/. And be it enaded, That where any diftrefs fhall be Where dii-Uiadc, or any perfon cr perfons apprehended by virtue of this trefs made, &c. ad, the taking of fuch perfon or perfons, or of fuch dif- warrant, trefs, fhall not be deemed unlawful, nor the party or par- SSfeflSSIato’be ties taking the fame, be deemed a trefpafler or trefpaflers, recovered by on account of any default or want of form in the warrant a&ion on the or warrants, or any proceedings relating thereto, nor be cafe only, deemed a trefpafTer or trefpaflers ah initio, on account of any irregularity which fhall be afterwards done, permitted, or committed by the party executing fuch warrant, but the perfon or perfons aggrieved by fuch irregularity, may recover fatisfadion for the fpccial damage only by adion on the cafe.

LI. Pro*

Digitized by

Google

Plaintiff not to recover if amends made before a&ion brought, as herein*

A ft ion to be commenced within 6 months after fa£k com* mined, dec. as herein.

If verdift for defendant, double colb not taxed, unlvl'sas herein.

Sup. niar. may iffue and ngn A kccufc*, &c.



The thirty-fifth Year of George IT I.

LI. Provided alwavt. That no plaintiff tw plaintiffs fltafl

recover in any action for fuch irregularity, trefpstfs, or other proceedings, if temlei1 of fufficient amends (hall be made by or on behalf of the party or patties who (hall have committed, or caufed to be committed, any fuch irregularity, trefpafs, or wrongful proceeding before mch adion brought •, and in cafe no fuch tender (hall have been made, it (hall and may be lawful for the defendant or defendants in any fuck a&ion, if he or they (hall fo thidk fit, at any time before iffue joined, to pay into court fuch fum of money as he or they (hall fee nt, whereupon fuch proceedings or order, and judgment (hall be made and given in, and by fuch court as in other actions .where the defendant is allowed to pay money into court.

LI I. And be it ena&ed, That if any a&on or fuit (halt be brought or commenced agaiqft any perfon or perfoos for any thing done in purfuance of this aft, every fuch action or fuit (hall be commenced within fix calendar months next after the fad committed, and not afterwards; and the defendant or defendants in fuch aCtioa or fuit may plead the general iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence on any trial to be had thereon \ and if any fuch aCtion or fipt fhall be brought after the time herein limited for bringing the fame, then and in fuch cafe, the jury impanelled to try fuch action, (hall find for the defendant or defendants; sad if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall be non-fuited, or difeonti-nuc his, her, or their aCtion or actions, fuit or fuits, or if judgment (hall be given againlt the plaintiff or plaintiffs in fuch a£tion, the defendant or defendants (haU have and recover double colls, and have the like remedy for the fame as any defendant or defendants hath or have for cods of fuit in ether cafes by law.

LIII. Provided always, That where verdict (hall be given for the defendant, no fuch double cods (hall be taxed, unle(s the judge before whom the caufe (hall be tried, (hall certify on the back of the record, that the a&ion fo brought, appeared to him to be frivolous or malicious.

LIV. And be it further enaCted, That the diperintend-ant magidrate hereby appointed, or who (hall hereafter be appointed in purfuance of this aCt, (hall have and enjoy the fame power and authority to iffue and fign licenfes in bis own name, and to hear and determine complaints in all and every cafe whatfoever, as fully and effectually as the commit doners of police, or any two of them heretofore did under or by virtue of any law or authority whatfoever not repealed or annulled by this a6t.

LV. And be it further enaCted, That all rules, orders, bye-law* and regulations, which (hall be made by the (aid

fcper*

Digitized by

Google

*F%c thirtyffth Tear of George III.	177'

fuperintendant juftice hereby appointed, or who hereafter A. D. may be appointed; and all alterations, additions, amend- J795. xnents, or repeals of the fame, or of any rule, order, bye- Chap. 36. law, or regulation heretofore made by the commiflioners of V— police, agreeable to the powers and authorities given to Bye lawt,&c* them, by an a& of parliament made and pafled in the twen- and ^ alterati-ty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majcfty, entitled, &c#°a™e4. Sin aft for the better regulation of hackney carriages, hackney -able to 47 G. 3. frrlansy and porters plying for hire in the city of Dublin, or valid.

*vbithbi feven miles thereof and for transferring the receipt and management of certain duties from the governors of the found* . ling hofpital and worh-houfe in the faid city to the commifftoners of police, fhall from and after the palling of this a<ft be good and valid, as fully and effe&ually to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, fcs if the fame were particularly mentioned, ex-prefled, and ena&ed in this prefent a61.

LVI. And be it further ena&ed. That all fuit or fuits at law, that have or fhall be commenced under the dirc&ion of the commiflioners of police, until the twenty-ninth day of r^overy 0fF September next, for the recovery of any of the taxes that mattersherein, have been appointed to the fupport of the police eftablilh- carried on not-irtent, or for the recovery of any fine or penalty incurred withftanding for not paying the fame, or for the recovery of any fum or ftrnns of money from the colle&ors and receivers thereof* or their fureties* fhall be carried on and conduced in every refpeft as heretofore, notwithftanding the palling of this a; and the amount of all fums which fhall or may be recovered by any fuch fuit or fuits fhall be paid over to the faid fuper-intendant m^pftrate, from time to time, to be by him accounted for as part of the general fund.

LVII. And be it further enacted. That it fhall and may ' Sup. mag. to be lawful for the faid fupetintendant magiftrate, after the levy all taxes, as faid twenty-ninth day of September, to levy and raife, or herein, caufe to be levied and railed in his own name, all duties, taxes* afleffments, fines, and arrears that fhall be then due and owing to the faid commiflioners of police, or which by ‘ law the faid commiflioners ought to have levied or raifed, by fuch ways and means asj the faid commiflioners would have been enabled to raife and levy the fame if this a& had not been pafled.

1 LVIII. And be it ena<fted, That fuch of the prefent Commiflionert commiflioners of police and divifional juflices appointed in not ele&edun-.. purfuance of the faid a<ft, pafTed in the twenty-nxth year of dcr this att, paid his Majefty’s reign, as fhall not be ele&ed to the place of fu- their prefent ptrintendant magiftrate or divifional juftice, by virtue of this a& fhall be paid their refjpeffive falaries which they now otherwife pro-enjoy during their refpe6hve lives, or until they fhall be vided for, &c. de&ed to one of the ftid offices, or until they fhall have ''at herein, vVol.^X.	M	obtained

Digitized by Google

Chtirch-War-fiem, fee. to ap* point dined or b of watch, m herein.

How pofts or floods lhali be appointed) &c*

7%i thtrfy fifth Year of George I If*

obtained an office of equal value with the office by then, npw refpe&ively held ; the falanea of the faid fupei intendant magiftrate, divifional juftices, high-conftable, and two chief con Rabies, feeretaij to the chief magiftrate, and two clerks to thfe divifional juftices, and of the two chief couRables to he elected and appointed purfuant to this a&, and alfo the allowances to the fald comtniflioners of police and divifional juftices appointed under the laid former (hall he paid out of the fame fund, out of which the falanea of the laid commiffioners of police) and divifional juftices are now paid.

LIX. And in order tliat every part of the metropolis may he fufficiently guarded by day and by night, and that watch* men may be provided for that purpose, and the expence to be incurred thereby, may be under the direction of the ro-fpe&ive parifhes ; be it ena&ed, That on or before the firft. day of Augufk, one thoufand ffven huudre&and ninety-five, and on or before the firft day of Auguft in every fucceeding year, the church-Wardens and parimion*r$ of the feveraj parifhes within the diftridl of the metropolis, (hall afiemblc in the forenoon, in the church or veftry of their refpedivc parifties, and (hall then and there chufe^ninr* perfon* inha* Ditaqts of the parifh, each of them refiding in a houfc not charged with lefs than fifteen (hillings yearly hi miniftent money, to be for tfiat pardh directors of the watch for the enfuing year, to commence on the twenty-ninth day of Sep* timber following ; and if any of, the perfoqs fo chofen to be a dir eft or, (hall refufe to ferve in the (aid office, or if any director mall die within the year, the chufcb-wardens (hall caufe notice to be given immediately after divine fervice on the next Sunday, appointing a time not more than five days from the giving of luch notice, for a meeting of the pariftii-oners for the purpofe.of choofuig a dire&or in the room of him fo refilling to ferve or dead, and on that day the pa-rifhioncrgifhdlaffemble in the like ro^anety and choofe fuch fit perfon as herein before directed * and in cafe any perfon fo chofen to be a dire&or, (hall refufe to ferve in the faid office, he (hall forfeit the fom of ten. pounds, to be recovered by civil hill in the. naqae of aqy perfon who will fue for the fame.

LX. Apd he it ena&cd, Tliat oq.th* Monday next after the cjhoofmg of the faid dire&qrs of the watch) for the*. twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred > and ninety-five, the church-wardens and dire&or?, or the majority of them, (hall afTemble at the hour of eleven in the-forenoon, in the church or veftry, and then and there make a lift of the fevcral polls or Rands, in their refpeftivc parifhes, where it may be moil proper that nightly ceatincb (hould be

placed)

Digitized by L.ooQle •

Tbt thirtffiftb Tear of George III.	179

jdaced ) and fuch lift* being made, the church-wardens (hall in the forenoon of the next day, aflemble in the prefence of the lord mayor of the faid city of DubKn, and (hall then deliver to the faid lord mayor the feveral lift®; and the chufch-wardens of the metropolis being then and there afTembled, the lord mayor (hall in their prefence, and with the approbation of the majority of them, determine the number of the (binds uecefTary in each parifh, and ascertain the places where (lands fhall he, which number and places, or any of them, (hall not at any time after be altered but by the fame authority ; provided always, that the number of £v Jx (lands within the whole of the diftrift of the metropolis (hall not be lefe thafi two hundred and fifty.

LX I. And be k ena&ed, That the number of watchmen to be employed for each parifh (hall not be lefs than double tbe number of (lands fo to be afeertained therein as aforefcid; and that the church-wardens and the dire&ors of each parifh, (hall before the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety:five, procure and hire fach number of able and fit men, not underjthe age of twenty years, nor exceeding the age of fifty, as fhall be allotted to fuch parifh ; each of fuch men to receive a fura not exceeding eighteen pounds yearly, to be paid weekly, and clothing yearly; and the laid church-wardens and di-re£lors, fhall in like manner procure and hire in and for each parifh,- two* proper perfons to be confiables, and two proper perfons t6 be fub-conflables, being not under the age of thirty ^eaTs, nor more than fifty ) and each conftable fhall receive a fum of thirty-five pounds yearly, to be paid quarterly, and each fub-conftable (hall receive a fum of twenty-five pounds yearly, to be paid quarterly, and clothing yearly.

LXII. And be it ena£ted, That if any inhabitant of the metropolis, paying towards the maintenance of the watch, (hall think that any of the men fo hired, are in any fort unfit for the fervice required of him ; or if any of the men fo hked, (hall think he has any caufe of complaint againfl any fuperior, he may make his complaint to the lord mayor of the cky of Dublin, who (hall forthwith appoint a day for the hearing thereof, and (hall on fuch day with the af-fikance of fix church-warden3 or directors, whom he (hall call to him from other parifhes, hear and determine the fame*

LXII I. And be it ena&ed, That on the firft Monday in every month, the confiables and fub-confiables, and watch of each parifh, (hall aflemble in fome convenient public place, ifi each of the faid divifions; one hour at lead before fun-fet j and the coaftable of each parifh then upon duty, (hall M 2	minutely

Number of watchmen efti ployed yearly, Ac. with their falaries*

tf inhabitant think any man unfit for duty, fcc. lord* mayor to determine as herein.

Couftables and watch po affem-ble on firft Monday in every month, tq hi iufpcftcd.



Digitized by v^ooQle

The thirty-fifth Tear of George III/

D.	minutely infped the arms and neceflaries of each man, and'

; }$.	(hall report the Hate of them particularly to the church.

■lj if,	wardens and directors of the parifti, who (hall replace or

v	repair fuch of them as have been loll, or any way injured;

and where fuch lofs or injury has been occafioned by the mifeondud of any watchman, (hall dedu& thecxpencc there-,	of from his pay.

Va c LXIV. And be it ena&ed, That a conflable and fub-con-v on ab-	ftable of every parifh, (hall every night affemble in the watch-

a. i* ;i	houfeof fuch parifh at fun-fet at the latefl; and the confta-

. > ~c.	ble and fub-conftablc, whofe duty it (hall be to take that

night's guard, (hall canfe the roll to be called at fun-r*t; and every man then abfent, (hall forfeit half a day's pay, to be deducted from his pay ; and the fub-conftable (hall poft the watchmen at their feveral Hands by half an hour after fun-fet; ond no watchman (hall leave his (land to return to the watch-houfe, until relieved by a fub-conftable ; and a’ watchman (hall be kept at each of the faid (lands, from half an hour after fun-fet until fun-rife, during the half year from the twenty-ninth day of September, to the twenty-fifth day of March in each year, and until five o'clock in the morning during the other half year.

.*or to LXV. And that the inhabitants of the metropolis may n'.nund have an opportunity of feeing that the duty of all the per-fons entrutted with the guard thereof, and care of their per-fons and properties i9 duly and effe&ually performed ; be it t nafled, That any of the faid dire&ors who (hall attend m the watch-houfe of his parifh any night, from the hour of nine~at lead, until one the next morning, (hall during that time have the command and dirc&ion of the watch of the pa-* rifti of which he is a dire&or. r lor may LXVI. And whereas it may happen that innocent per-~,.nty as fon9 may foe malicioufly accufed and arretted, be it enabled. That the dire&or attending as afbrefaid, or in his abfencc the conftable of the watch (hall have power, and power hereby given to them refpe&ively, while in the watch-houfe, or during the nightly aflembling of the watch, but at no other time or place, to examine into the probability of the charge made again ft any perfon taken into cuftody by the watch, and if neccflary to examine on oath the perfon making fuch. charge, and thereupon at his diferetion to take fecunty, ia all cafes bailable by law by recognizance, either of the per-fons charged fingly or witn other fureties, according to the nature and circumftauccs of the cafe, which recognizance (hall be in this form:

A. B,

Digitized by v^ooQle

The thirty-fifth Tear of George III.

A. B. and C. acknowledge themfehes to be federally bound to ourfovereign lord the king : A. in the fum of and B. and C. in the fum of that thefaid A.Jhall appear at the hour of on the	day	of	infant,	at

the jujlices office for the ‘	div'fion

of the metropolis, then and there to anfwer allfuels things as Jball be objected againjl him, and not depart from thence until dif charged; acknowledged before me



And fuch director fhall in like manner, bind each perfon charging another with any offence by recognizance, in thefe Words ;

A. acknowledges himfelf to be bound to our fovereign lord the King, in the fum of	that he

will appear at the jujlices office for the

divifion of the metropolis, then and there to profecute B. and not depart from thence until difcharged;

And no greater fum than fix pence, fhall be demanded 0r dec hr rem*. taken as a fee, or any fuch recognizance ; and the perfon en- "or	~

taring into the Tame, fhall be immediately difcharged ; and anfwYa’Y* a* fuch dire&or or conftable, fhall be anfwerable to the court of herein.

King’s bench, or to the party injured, in a givil a&ion for his conduft in taking, or refufing to take fuch recognizance, in like manner as any juftice of peace would for taking or refufing bail in^ like cafe.

LXVII. And be it ena&ed, That the faid chntch- Forfeiture wardens and directors fhall hire and engage all fuch watch-then for one year, to commence from the twenty-ninth day ofH,g n 11 ‘’ September in each year, or for any fhorter time, and that if any of the men fo engaged, fhall wilfully abfent himfelf from his duty, he fhall forfeit for every time he fhall be fb abfent, at lead the amount of one day’s pay, $hen the time of his abfence (hall not amount tb one whole day, but if it fhall amount to one whole day or more, then he fhall forfeit for every fuch offence, 'double the amount of his pay for the time he fhall fo abfent himfelf ; and if any of the pumfrmentrn laid men fhall entirely defert from his faid fervice, before face of I'c ' * the faid term of a year is expired, or (hall wilfully abfent moDtj^ himfelf therefrom for the fpace of one month, and fhall be convidfed ihereof at the commiflion of oyer and' terminer and general goal delivery, for the city of Dublin, he fhalhfuf-fer fuch punifhment by fine, imprifonment, or whipping as the. court fhall think fit; and if any perfon fhall folicit or endeavour to induce any fuch watchman or fub-corftable to defert from his faid duty, and fhall be convi&ed there af in the faid i •	>	court*

¥

Digitized by Google

18a The tbirty-jiftk Tear •/ George 111.

A. D.

Notice to quit fervice to be given one month before

expiration of

year, &c.

Perfoiu fcllir^ ale, See. to wfctchmen, fined 40%.

Lord mayor &c. to appoint pecuniary penalties, dtc.

Parochial cmrftabks, Src. to have power of arrefting perfons diiturb-mg the peace, fic.

court, he (hall fuffer in like manner as tbe watchman or 9011-ftable would if he had deferted, and been conyi£led thereof as aforefaid.

LXVIH. And be it ena&ed, That if ?ny perfon who (hall have been engaged to ferye as a watchman for ono year, (hall nqt one mouth before the expiration thereof, give notice to the church-warden$ of the pari(h by tyhom he was engaged, of his intention to quit the faid (ervice at the end of the year, he (hall be deemed without further agreement to. be engaged for another year, lydcfs the church-wardens and dire&ors (hall think proper to difeh^rge him t an<\ if any fuch watchman or fub-conftablc (h^U lell, pledge, or give away any of lys clothing, arms, or accoutrements, he (haty forfeit double the value thereof; and any perfon in whole tmftody or poffeffion any fuch clothes, arms, or accoutrements (hall be found, (hall be deemed to have received the lame felonioufly, unlefs they can prove tbe contrary, and (hall be tried andfubjeft to, fuch corporal punifhment as re* veivers of Aolen goods, knowing them to t>? ftokn ar^ fubjedh

LXIX. And be it cna&ed* Tb^t ayy pterion feHiqg beer, ale, or fpirituoys liquors, in whofe houfe, (hop, or any other . place, or any of tbe (aid watchmen (hall be found drinking; between the hours of nine ia the evening and (ix in tbe morning, (hall forfeit the fum of forty (hillings.

XXX. And for the better regulation of the laid watch* as to their nightly duty; be it enacted. That the lord mayor for the time being, and church-wardens and director* of the faid feveral parities, (hall from time tp rime make fuch rule*., and orders, and appoint fuch pecuniary penalties for the breach of «\i\y of them, as they (hall th^nk mo(t conducive fat the good conduct of the faid wa,tch ; and tbe fame (bsll he laid before tlie next court of commiffion of oyer and tern^r ner and gaol delivery of the city of Dublin, and fiich of theqt

(hall he approved by the faid court, and the grand jury then there a/Teiubled, (hall be written ip a large and legible handwriting, and hung up in the feveral watch-boufes in the iye-tropolis, and (hall frojii thenceforth have the force and effect of rules ai;d orders for regulating the faid wa$ch» ay^ the lord mayor, with j^ay two aldermen, may bear ayd determine any complaint for breach thereof.

LXXI. And be $ ensued, *That the £id parochjaicon-flables, and fub-con (tables and, watchmen> (hall haye lil^c power and authority in a^rdfing and detaining in pu&odp all perfon^ in any fort breaking or diftyrbing the public peace in tneir prefence, or who (^allb^ charged w*fh h$vjng broken 01* difturb the fan\e within the dXftridt <?( the mc^jrypolis* and all fu^h powers ^ ^tfiqrity # any eeufeWP ia kr W

entruited,

1

Digitized by

Google

The thtrty-jlfth Ybar of George Ilf*

WJtr»fte<J with, for the prevention of offences, am! preferva-tioti of the peace 5 and that the can {tables and fub-conftables of every parifh, before the hour of nine of the clock in the tnorriing, (hall bring to the office of the divifiotial juftice fn ttrhofe divifion fuch pariffies lie, all perfons who mail have been taken into cuftody the preceding night and detained, and fhall deliver them into the care of the guard there attending* 5 and the constables fhall then and there deliver the recognizances taken as aforefaid, to fuch juftice, in order that all perfons concerned, may be dealt with according to law.

LXXII* And be it enafted, That though the churchwardens and direftors of each parifh, are to engage the num- hdered but as ber of men thought neceffary for that parifh, and to pro* ^cfcnccof me* vide clothing and other equipments, yet the whole watch of trdpoU* S&c, the metropolis are to be confidared but as one body for the protection and defence of each and every pavt thereof, without djftin&ion of parifh or any boundary, and the faid pa* rifh conftables, fub-conftables, and watchmen, (hah in all things lawful, pay entire obedience to the lord mayor or any iuftice of the peace within the faid diftrift, and durihg the hours of guard to the direftors, and the fub-conftables and watchmen in like manner to the conftahjM and the watchmen to the fub-conftables.

LXXI1I. And be it sdfo enafted, That four times in Lord mayo#* every year, that b to fey, in the ftrft Weeks of January, &c. to review April, July, and Oftober, and oftener if he fhall think fit the whole snd appoint, the lord mayor, attended by the chutch-Wardena whatch 4 times and direftors of the watch, fhall muftef and review all the J^***1* watchmen of the metropolis, who fhall for that purpofe be drawn up in fome proper place, to be by the ford mayor appointed, and fhall carefhfty inipeft the men and arms, and mall take proper order that att the pariihes find proper merf, and equip them properly, and if he fhall find any mail from age or infirmity, or any c&ufe, unfit to be employed, he fhall difchargehim, and order another to be immediately provid*

«d m his place.

LXXlV. And Whereas forte parts of the diftrift of the Lord mayor metropolis may not be included within the bounds of any *?d aldermen to parifh, and yet fhould receive equal protection with any other part, and contribute equally to the fame; be it enafted,	^

That the lord mayor and aldermen, or any fix of them, fhall view and confider all fuch extra-parochial places and theif fituatiort, and fhall give direction in writing under their hands, which fhall be kept in the office of the town clerk of the faid city, that for all the purpofea of this aft* any fuch e4xtra-parocnial place, fhall be deemed part of the adjoining parifh, or if it adjoins two Or more parifkes, that

it

Watch cob*

Digitized by

Google

Rate of afleff-mcnt op ea^ck hftnfe for fup-porting watch f ice.

How lord mayor i« to aft in refpe& of Jioufcsj-Sic.

The thirty-fifth Tear of George III.

it (hall be deemed part of fuch parifh, as may beft anfwer the purpofe of bringing the neighbouring panfhes nearly to an equality of extent and value, and fo foon as fuch direction fliall be given, all fuch places {ball be deemed part of the parifh to which they (hall refpeftively be allotted, for all the mtents and purpufes of this aft, but for none other.

LXXV- And in order to raife a fund towards maintain-, ing a watch in the feveral parifhes and places in the faid dif-trift, and watch houfes in the feveral parifhes therein, and providing aims, candle-light and fire, and other neceflaries ; be it enafted, That the church-wardens of the feveral pa-rifhey within the dill rift of the metropolis, fliall afFefs a certain rate upon each houfe in the faid diftrift, not exceeding the fum of one {hilling and three pence in the pound, of the

!rearly rent thereof, as the fame has been, or fhall be valued or the colleftion of miniflers money, and the like rate upon every houfe within the faid diftrift, which has not been fo valued, until the fame fhall be fo valued, and the like rate on every houfe not liable to fuch valuation, according to the yearly value of every fuch houfe, to be afeertained by a ver-diftof a jury as herein after mentioned.

LXXVI. And be it enafted, That before the churchwardens proceed to make any aflefsment upon any houfe, which has not been fo valued, or which is not liable to valuation fot miniflers money, and at all times in future as often as any five parifhioners who pay towards the fupport of the watch, fhall by writing figned by them, give notice that there are in their parifh, or within any extra-parochial place, or liberty annexed to the fame, any houfe or houfes which have not been valued for minifter’s money, the lord mayor . (hall immediately give notice to the perfon or perfons inhabiting fuch houfe or houfes thereof, and that he will on a day, and at a place in the faid notice mentioned, the day not to be fooncr than one week from the day of the fcrvice of the faid notice, proceed to value the fame, and the lord mayor fliall by an order in writing figned by him, qaufe the flieriffs of the city of Dublin to fummon at Icaft twenty-four gperfons, fuch as ferve on fpecial juries, to appear before him at the time and jdace mentioned in the faid notice, and then and there the perfons who applied to the lord mayfor for fuch valuation, fhall have leave to challenge fix of the perfons fo fummoned and appearing, and he whofe houfe is about to be valued, fliall have liberty to challenge other fix, andthefirfl twelve fo appearing, and not being challenged, fhall be fworn to value fuch houfe truly, according to the evidence produced before them, and the beft of their (kill, as the lame might be rcafonably fet to a folvent tenant; and the lord mayor is hereby empowered to adminifter an oath to the _	• witneflfcf

Digitized by v^ooQle

The thirty-Jifth Tear of George III.

witnefies produced on either fide on fuch valuation, that’they (hall true anfwcr make to all fuch quedions as (hall be demanded of them, touching the value of fuch houfe; and if any witnefs fo fworn, (hall on his examination fwear falfely, he (hall be fubjeft to fuch profecution and punifhment, as “perfons guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury, and the value then found by the verdift of fuch jury, of fuch houfes re»-•fpeftively, (hall be the Value at which fuch houfes (hall be Tatcd, for the purpofes of this a ft, and the finding of the faid jury fairly engroffed and figned by the lotd mayor, and the jurors', (hall be depofited in the office of the treafurer of the city of Dublin, to remain there as'full evidence of the faid .value at all times hereafter ; provided neverthelefr., that no houfe (hall be valued at a higher rent than fixty pounds -a year.

■ JLXXVII. Provided alfo. That any houfe which has not •been valued heretofore at more than five pounds yearly, or any houfe that (hall not be valued higher on any future valuation, (hall not be rated in any affeffinent to be made in -purfuance of tjiis aft, at more than one (hilling in the pound of the yearly value.

LXXVIII. Provided alfo. That nothing contained in any former aft or.afts (hall extend or be confttued to extend to oblige the inhabitants of Rutland Square to maintain any other watch or patrole, than is prefcribcd by this aft.

L.XXIX. And be it enafted, That the pariffiioners of every, parilh being affembled for that purpofe, by the churchwardens, (hall choofe a fit perfon to be colleftor of the rates to be applotted on fuch parilh, who (Hall colleft the fame yearly or half-yearly, and (hall pay fuch fum as he (hall have in his hands, at the end of every tnree months, to the treafurer of the city of Dublin, who is hereby required to receive the fame, and to keep a particular and didiuft account of all fums paid to him for the purpofes of this aft, and to pay thereout all fuch bills as (hall be drawn on him by the lord mayor and church-wardens of every parilh, for the ex-pences of the watch incurred in fuch parilh, in which billy (hall be exprelfed, the fcrvices for difeharge of which they (hall be drawn, and fuch bills (hall not be liable to, but are hereby difeharged from the payment of any (tamp duty.

JLXXX. And be it enafted, That within one week after the expiration of each three months, on a day to be appointed by the lord mayor, the faid treafurer’s account of all money received and paid by him during the three months then lafi pad, (hall be audited and fettled in the open court where the feffions of the peace for the county of the city of Dublin (hall have been then lad held, in the prefence of the lord mayor and the church-wardens and dgeftors of the federal

Houfes not valued at more than 5I. not to be aflefied more than la. in the pound of yearly value.

Inhabitants not to maintain other watch.

Pariihioners to choofe collector, and pay money in hands every 3 months.

How, and in what time trea-furer’s accounts are to be audited, Jtc.

Digitized by v^ooQle

If rats not

paid on fecond demand, collector may diftraia within uo dsys»

Penalties, See* recovered on pioof of faa.

The thirtieth Year of Gmsrgt HI.

▼end parities, of the colleftors of the iasd rates, and of f«ch other inhabitants of the metropolis, as choofc to be prefent at the fame, in which account the (aid treafnrer ftiaB be charged with the full amount of the whole applotmenta oa the refpeftivc parifhes of the metropolis, and the amount of the feveral forfeitures for any breaches of this aft paid over to him, and (ball discharge himfdf by the colleftor’s returns of insolvencies, if any, and the loj-d mayor and church wardens orders for payment of fums neceflary for carrying this ad into execution, and (hall take credit for the fum of three pence m the poMtd, of all money received by him, as hit fee for receiving and paying the fame ; and the lord mayor (hall then with the advice of the church-wardens, give orders for the recovery of arrears returned by the colleftors, and difeharge the books of real infolvencies ; but no demand Ihall be at any time made, nor furt commenced or maintained for any part of (aid rate, that has been more than twelve months due ; and the faid accounts (hall be yearly audited by the commiffioners of impreft accounts.

LXXXI. And be it enafted, That where any rate hereby direfted to be collefted, (hall not be paid on- the fecond demand made at the horde fubjeft to the payment thereof, it fhaH be lawful for the collector to diftcain the goods in ftjck houfe, and to fell the fame, if the faid rate be not pud within ten days, and if any perfoa (hall replevy the goods {* di(trained, it (hall be fufficient in few for the colfeftor to juftify the taking in thefe words:

Mceavfc the faid A. B. woe at the time tv hen, and fo forth* a coUe&or of tie rate for the watch of the metropolis, and that the fum of	was	the	fom apfiotted

tv he levied out of the houfe in which, and Jo forth, for the year ending	and	that	the	fame	had bun twice

demanded and vnts not pend, hut was due at the time when, and fo forth ; and a certificate Jignid by the church-wardens of the parj/h, that A. B. was at the time of taking fucb difirefs fuch couedor, and that foth fom was applotted on fuch houfe, as the rate to be paid towards the maintenance of the wateb of the metropohs, Jhall be admitted ae evidence of the faid fads.

LXXXI I. And be it enafted* That all penalties and forfeitures incurred for any offence againlt this aft, refpeft-ing the pstochial watch* or any rule or order made by, or under the* authority thereof, unlefs otherwife provided for hereby, (hall be recovered' upon proof made of the faft before any one juftiee of the peace, on an information given to him in writing; and the laid juftiee if the charge (hall

Digitized by Google

Vhe thirtyfftfUi Tear of George III.	187

fee proved to his fatisfaftipn, (hall make hi? adjudication in A. D.

the following words •	1	795*

Chap. 36,

I hereby adjudge the pad C. D. /<? be guilty of	^

0/j.^ /o have forfeited the fujr\ of

and I hereby empower £. F. and his cfffijlants, Form of ad* to cfangnd the feud Jum from the fend C. D. and if not then judication. paid, to levy toe fame by fale of his goods and chattels, and to ^ay the fame tq the treafurer of the city of Dublin, towards the nusinteMnce of the watch of the metropolis.

LXXXIII. i\nd be it ena&ed, That if any perfon (hall Perfonsag-think him or herfelf aggrieved by any fuch adjudication, or Sp^aS tom liter by any aft or thing done by any juftice of the peace, church- icllions. * warden, or direftorof tile watch, in carrying or attempting, or pretending to carry any part of this aft refpeftingthc <0-* region, conduft, or government of the paroohi;u watch intp execution, he or (he may appeal or complain to the quarter fefSons, by petition in writing at the next fitting or adjournment thereof, and the faid .court (hall hear the (amo in a funynary manner ; and if anj^ contnufiftion in point of faft (hall arile, (hall refer the fame to the verdift of any jury then there, being already fworn to try any iflue, and the finding df fuch jury and order of the faid court thereon,

(fiall be binding^ final, and conclufive on all parties.

L3fiXXIV. And be it enafted, That from and after the From 19 S*pk twenty-ninth day of September, oue tboufand feven hun- 1795,26 G dred and ninety-five, one aft of parliament pafied in the an<*G* 3-twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefect Majefty King P**^ George the third, entitled, An for the better execution cf the law within the city of Dublin, and certain parts adjacent thereto, and for quieting and protecting pojfiffions within this kingdomx for the more expeditious trasfportation of felons, fan	1

reviving, continuing, and amending certain fatutes therein men* tjoned, and for repealing an aft faffed in the Jeventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign of his prefent tfajefy, entitled, jin a8 for improving the police of the city, of Dublin ; and alfo qne other aft of parliament, paffed in the twenty-eighth* year of hi? prefent Majefty, entitled. An 48 for rendering more ejf*8ual an 08, paffed in the twenty-fixth year of the reign, of his prefent. Mqjcjty George the third, entitled, An a8 for the better execution of the law within the city of Dublin, and certain parts adjacent thereto, and for quieting and proteSing poffe/fionf within this kipgdam, and for the more expeditious tran/portation. of felons, for reviving, continuing, and attending certain JlqtatCS therein mentioned, and for repealing an, 48 paffed in tic Jeventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign of his pro* fen(	cntj&d#	Afi.aV	for	improving the pmc of the

qity

Digitized by CjOoqL e

i8«

The thirty fifth Tear of George HI.

A. D

1795-Chap. 36.

Former parifti watih-houfcsto po to uk of pa-riihts as before.

No perfon to bawk &c.

tec. tmliis by liunfc of fup. pugiftrate.

city of Dublin, and for other purpofesf and each of them (hall fo far as they or either of them relate to the police of the city of Dublin, or any part adjacent to it, be, and the faid afts, and each of them are, and is hereby repealed, fo far a9 they relate to the police of the faid city, or any part adjacent to it, fave only fuch parts of the faid a As as repeal any aAs of parliament theretofore palled; and that from thenceforth all ground and houfes (except fuch houfes a* were at any time heretofore parifti watch-houfes) and all houfhold furniture, clothing, books of account, arrears of fates and taxes, and all balances and Turns of money in the hands, cuftody, or power of the commiflioncrs appointed under, or by virtue of the faid a&s, or either of them, or any of them, or of their treafurer, colle&ors, fecretaiy, clerks, or any of them, or of any officer, clerk, or fervant appointed by them or any of them, or at all appointed, employed, or entrufted under by virtue of, or under colour of the faid a&s of parliament, or any of them, (hall be vefled in the faid fuperintendant magiftrate, according to the feve-Tal intcrefts which the feveral perfons before mentioned re-fpcAively had or claimed, or pretended to have in the fam« or any part thereof; and fuch of the faid grounds, houfes* buildings, and houfhold furniture, as may be fit and nccef-fary for the purpofes of this a&, (hall be ufed and employed therein, and the refidue thereof fold to the bed and higheft bidder, and the money produced by faid thereof, paid to the faid fuperintendant magiftrate for the purpofes of this a& ; and all arms and accoutrements in the pofTeflion of any perfon or perfons employed under the (aid a&s fo repealed* (hall be depofited in his Maiefty’s arfenal in the caftle of Dublin.

LXXXV. And be it ena&ed, That all houfes which were formerly parifh watch-houfes, and which at the time of palling this a& arc vefted in the faid commrffioners, (hall go to the ufc of the faid refpe&ive parifhes, as they were before the fame were vefted in tlie faid commiffioners.

LXXXVf. And he it cna&cd, That no perfon (hall hawk about trees, fhrubs, or plants for fale wi.hin the city of Dublin, or five miles thereof; or fell or expofe to fale, in any place within the faid city or five miles thereof, in any place not being part of his or her dwelling-houfe, any new or old books, map, print, pamphlet, chart, drawing; or fell or expofe to fale in the faid city, or within the faid dift-ance thereof, any glafs botttes not being makers or importers thereof; nor fell wine, fpirituous liquors, ale or porter ; or fell or expofe to fale within the faid city, or five miles thereof, old clothes in any (fall, (land, (bed, bi>oth, (hop, or other place, or cavry oa the bufioeft of a pawn-broker within'the

*

Digitized by kcOOQle

The thirty-fifth Tear of George III/	189

faid diftrift ; or fell fpirituous liquors by retail in thp city of A. D. Dublin, or wkhin five miles thereof, unlefs he or (he (hall 179^.' have a licenfe of force for that purpofe, under the hand and Chap. 36. feal of the faid fuperintendant magiftrate.	V—

L.XXXVIL And be it enafted, That every fuch perfon Note to fop. or perfons as aforefaid, (hall before he or (he (hall hawk, fell, or expofe to fale, any of the feveral goods, wares, and mer-	I

chandizes herein before mentioned, deliver or caufe to be hawked or fold, delivered to the fuperintendant magiftrate, a note in writing, under his or her hand, or under the hand of fome perfon by him or her authorized in that behalf, of what goods, wares, or merchandizes, he or (he intends to hawk, fell, or expofe to fale ; and before any perfon (hall carry on or exercife the bufinefs of a pawn-broker within the diftrift aforefaid* he or fhe (hall deliver to the faid fuperintendant magiftrate, a note in writing, under his or her hand, of his or her place of abode, and of the place where he or *4he intends to carry on or exercife the bufinefs of a pawn-broker, and before any perfon (hall fell fpirituous liquors by retail within the faid city, or five miles thereof, he or (he (hall deliver to the faid fuper-fntendant magiftrate, a note in writing, under his or her hand, of his or her place of abode, and of the place where he or (he intends to fell fpirituous liquors by retail, and thereupon a licenfe or licenfes (hall be granted bf the faid fuperintendant magiftrate unto him or her, for his or her fo hawking, felling, or expofing to fale fuch goods, wares, or merchandizes, or for exercifing the bufinefs of a pawn-broker, or felling fpirituous liquors by retail, as the cafe may be, for which he or (he (hall thereupon pay, or caufe to be paid unto the faid fuperintendant magiftrate, the refpeftive duties payable for the fame, which licenfes (hall be in force until the twenty-fifth day of March next, after the fame (hall be granted.

LXXXVIII. And be it enafted, That the faid fa- What to be perintendant magiftrate (hall infert in fuch licenfes as mfertedinli-- they (hall fo ifiue or grant, the age, place of abode, and <t ccnfc* particular defeription of every perfon to whom fuch licenfe v.or licenfes (hall be granted purfoant to this aft, and number each licenfe, and keep particular-entries of fuch deferiptions and licenfes, and (hall keep feparate and diftinft accounts of the duties payable thereon, and apply the money arifing therefrom to the purpofes by this aft direfted.

LXXXIX. And be it enafted, That if any perfon (hall Iflicertfenot hawk, fell, or expofe to fale, any of the goods, wares, or Pr°duced on de-merchandizes, in refpeft whereof, or of any of them, he,

(he, or they (hall be fubjeft to the duty aforefaid, and for may be feized; the felling of which he, (he, or they (hall not have his, her, penalty 5I.; and #1 their ficcnfe or licenfes, for fo trading .as'aforefaid ready

penalty 5I.

s'

Digitized by

I06L penalty for carrying on pawn-broking bufinds without liccnfe.

iol. penalty on felling fpiritt by retail without bccnfe.

Jol. penalty nb forging, or felling under forged licenlfe.

The thirty-fifth ilot of G*5T£e lit*

to produce# dr itiall not upon demand of any juftfe* <fff the peace, dr of any conflable o«* other officer of the peace wref-duct fuch liccnfe or licenfes, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch juftice, tonftablei or other officer of the peace, to felze and di ft rain fuch goods, wares, and merchandise^ and ev£ry fuch per (on (hall for every fuch dffetice forfeit the fum of five pounds) hnd if any fuch perfon fo hawking about# felling or expofing to fale any of the goods, wares, or merchandizes afaref&id, spoil demand made by any jfuftice of the peace, or of any of the conftables or dfficers of the peace* (hall not produce or (hew immediately his or her licenfe or licences for fo trading# ctery fiich perfon fo offending, (hall forfeit the fum of five pounds, to be levied by diftiefs and (ale of the offender’s goods, by warrant under the hand and leal of any fuch juftfee, the fame to be paid to the informer 5 and for non-payment thereof, fuch offender (hall be committed to the common gaol or houfe of corre&ion, for any time dot exceeding three weeks* nor lefs than ten days.

XC. And be it ena&ed, That if amy perfon (hall exer-dfe or carry on the trade or bufinef* of a pawnbroker with* out fuch liccnfe as aforefaid, every fuch perfon (hall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, one moiety thereof to the ufe of his M*je>y, and the other moiety to the perfon who (hall profecute or foe for the fame, to be recovered by a&iod of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s Courts Of record, at the four courts at Dublin, in which no efloign, protection# or more than one imparladce (hall be allowed.

XCI. And be it enadted, That if any perfon or ptrfons* (hati fell fpirits by retail within the city of Dublin, or five mdes thereof, without fuch licenfe as aforefaid, every fuch perfon being thereof convidted by the oath of one or more credible witriefs or witfteffes, before any juftice of . the peace# (ball forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds, to be levied by diftrefii and fale of the offender’s goods, by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch juftice ; the fame to be paid to the informer) and for the non-payment thereof, fuch offender (hall be committed to the common gaol or houfe of correc* tkm, for any time not exceeding one month.

XClI. And be it ena&ed, That if any perfon flnU foijje or counterfeit any licenfe for any of the purposes aforefeud* Or ffiaU hawk about, fell, or expofe to (ale, any of the goods# wares, or merchandizes before mentioned, with any fuch forged, or counterfeit licenfe, knowing the fame to bo forged or £6untei*feitcd» every (uch perfon fo offending, (hall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds ; one moiety thereof for the ufe of his Map&y, and tho other moiety to him or her who 1	(hall

Digitized by v^jOOQle

The tlirtyffih Tear tf George 111.	'	t$\

IhaH. pro&Ctite or fu« lor the fame -r fuch penalty tor 1m re* A. D. covered by a£fcion of debt, bill, plaint or information in any *795-of his Majefty’scourts of record, at the four courtsac Dub- Chap. 36k lin* in which no eflbiga, prote&iod* or more than one im~ *+~~*>T***J parlance (hall be allowed; and that every fuck perfa fh4& be fubje& to fitch other pains and penalties as may be is ffi&ed on perfons for foigery.

XCIIL And whereas by an a& pafled in the twenty-fa Recital %? venth year of his Majefty’s reign, entitled* An *3 for the Gco* 3* hitter regulation of haekney carriages* hackney fedeme* and fitters flying for hire in the city of Dab fin r or •within from miles thereof,, and for tremeforring the receipt and' management of certain duties from the governors of the fotmdlmg £gSsiak and <wori-houff in. the fold city r t$* tbi Coamtfiienert of fence ^	%

it is ena&ed, That from andf after the* palling of faid a&, all	11	*	l%

powers and authorities given'by an a& pafled mi the eleventh * *' and: twelfth yearn of his prefat Majefty* entitled, Ate at* for better regulating the foundling hofpetal and nvorlrbeafr tit the city of Dublin* and imreaftng the fundV for fupport thereof f alfo far- making a.frovi/ion fdr appointing csfocUm tenene itr cafe' of tie death or abfnce of the lord mayor, or the fttfident of ther court of confciemei or by any other law or laws to the faid gpvernorv for licenling all fueh* perfons*at (haU own, keep, or drive aay hackney coach, landau* chariot* pod chaifa berlio, or other, carriage, drawn by two or more horfety off' other beads plying In tne- dreets* and canying for hire aby perfon or perfons within the faid city, fuburbs-and liberties** or. from any part thereof, to any place not exceeding, th* didance of feven miles therefrom ; and alfo all fuch perionr as (hall own, keem drive or let out for hire within the faid > city, fuburbs and liberties, by the day* week, mbnth, year,, or otherwife, any coach, landau, chariot, pod chaife, beN lin, or other carriage, drawn by two or rnore horfes or other beads, in the way of job, for the foie ufe of particular perfons within the laid city, fuburbs, or liberties, and which lhall not ply for public convenience, and ai/o alffuch perfons as (hall own, keep, or drive, or let out for Hire within the city, fuburbs, or liberties, any horfe or ho tfes, or other-beads to draw any coach, landau, chariot, poli^chaife, or berlm, in the way of job ; and alfo all fuch perlons as {halt1 own, keep, drive or let out tor hire, within the iMd city, fuburbs or liberties, any hearfe or mourning coach*; audalfo all fuch perfons as (hall own, keep, drive or entry atty i^ck* ney chairj orfedan, within the faid city, fuburbS'orlitVrs ties, or any Ringfcnd car, chair, chaite, chaffe-Waririe * CC other carriage, drawn by one or morehorfes; of btherbead^** for the ufe of cariying for hire any perfon or perforin Withh*~ the fiud city, fuburbs or liberties, or withiu ■ feVen raiW*

thereof.

Digitized by

The thirty-fifth Tear of George III.

Recital *6 9co. 3.

recital of 17 & 1% G. 3.

✓

thereof, or (hall own, keep, or drive, any cart, car, dray, or other carriage, plying and carrying for hire any load taken' up within the faid city, fuburbs and liberties, or belonging to any brewer, and employed rin that bafinefs, or withm three miles thereof, or any cart, cat, or other carriage, that (hall bring, carry, or draw into the faid city or liberties, be it for hire or fade, or otherwife, any bricks, {tones, (and, gravel, lime, or other materials, employed or made ufe of in budding or paving, or any private cart, car, dray, or ether carriage, fet up by any perfon redding within the faid city, fuburbs, or liberties, and employed in the carriage of goods, or commodities which fuch perfon (hall have on com-million, or (hall have (old, and all fuch perfons who (hall keep or ufe within the faid city, fuburbs or liberties, any private chair or fedan, for his or her own ufe, or any perfon who (hall ply within the faid city, fuburbs or liberties, as a meffenger or porter, or carry any goods or merchandizes for hire therein, or for regulating the fame, or for demanding, collecting, or levying any fine, rent, tax, penalty, or forfeiture impofed thereon, fhould ceafe, determine, and be ‘ null and void.

XC1V. And it is alfo by the faid a ft enafted, That the ’ commiflioners appointed in purfuance of an aft pafled in the twenty-fixth year of his Majefty’s reign, entitled, An aft for the better execution of the law within the city of Dublin, atid certain farts adjacent thereto, and for quieting and protcQ-ing poffefftons within this kingdom, for the more expeditious tranffortation of felons, for reviving, continuing, and amend-ing certain Jlatutes therein mentioned, and for repealing an a3 faffed in the feventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign of his prefent Majejly, entitled, An ad for improving the police of the city of Dublin: or any two or more of them, (hall have the like powers and authorities for licenfing, governing, and. regulating all fuch perfon or perfons, who (hall own, keep, or drive any hackney coach, landau, chariot, poll chaife, berlin, mourning coach,or hearfe, Ringfend car,chair, chaifc, chaife-lharine, cart, car, dray, or other carriage, drawn by one. or more horfe or horfes, or other beaft or bealts plying for hire within the city of Dublin, or within feven miles thereof, or who (hall own, keep, or carry any chair, or fedan iiv the faid city or liberties thereunto adjoining, except fedan chairs kept by the makers for fale 5 or for hearing and determining complaints againft the owners, proprietors, or drivers of all hackney or job-carriages, carts, ctrs, drays, or other carriages as aforefaid, or againft the owner, proprietor, or keeper of any hackney chair, or fedan, •r perfon carrying the fame within the faid city or liberties :

thereunto

Digitized by

Google

The thirty.fifth Tear of George if I. .

thereunto adjoining, and for Summoning perfons, and inflift-ing penalties and forfeitures for mifdemeanors, negle£t, or non-attendances; and for regulating, ascertaining, encreaf-ifig, or reducing fares j and for appointing neceflary officers and Servants with reafonable allowances and Salaries, in sis full and ample manner as the faid governors, or any quorum cnr number of them, or their court of affillants, or any quorum or number thereof, now, or have heretofore poflefied or enjoyed the fame, by virtue of any law or laws then iti force; be it eria&ed, That from and after the twenty-ninth day of September next, all the powers and authorities given by the faid ad pa fled in the twenty-fe-> venth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, to the com-miflioners appointed in piirfuance of the laid ad pafled in the twenty-iixth year of his Majefty’s reign, (hall ceafe and determine.

XCVi And be it enaded, That from and after the faid twenty-ninth" day of September, the faid fuperintendant* magiftrate fhall have the like powers and authorities for li-ceniing, governing* and regulating all fuch perfon and perfons who (hall own, keep, or drive any hackney coach* landau, chariot, poft-chaile^ berli'i, or other carriage drawn by two or more horfes or other bea(ta plying in the ftreets* and carrying for hire any perfon or perfohs within the faid city, Suburbs, and liberties, or from any part thereof, to any place not exceeding the diftancc of feven miles there* from, or plying a ftage from the faid city or liberties, to any place not t Ji ing the dilUnce of feven miles from thence ; and alfo Xu Inch perfons as (hall own, keep, drive, or let out for hire within the (aid city, Suburbs, and liberties, by the day, week, month, year, or otherwiie, any coach, landau, chaii.it, poft-chaife, belli,1, or other carriage drawn by two or more horfes or other beails in the way of job, for the foie ufe of particular perfons within the faid city, Suburbs, or liberties, and which (hall not ply for public convenience, and alfo all fuch perfons as (hall own, keep, drive, or let out for hire within the faid city, Suburbs, or liberties, any horfe or horfes, or other beafts to draw any coach, landau, chariot, poft-chaife, or berlin, in the way of job, and alfo all fuch perfons as (hall own, keep, drive, or let out for hire within the faid city, Suburbs, or liberties, any hearfe or mourning coach, and alfo all fuch perfons as (hall own, keep, drive, oi carry any hackney chair or Sedan, job-chair or Sedan, within the faid city. Suburbs or liberties, or any Ringfend-car, chair, ebaife, chaife-marine, or other carriage drawn by one or more horfes or other beafts for the ufe of carrying for hire, any perfon or perfons within the laid city, Suburbs, or liberties, or withiu Vql. X,	N	feven

m

A. D.

x795*

’ [Chap; 36.

after *9 Sept. 1795*hy *7 O 3 commifli-oner* appointed by G 3 (hall determine.

Sup magiflrate to have powers by ri & 12 0.3, as .herein.

Digitized by Google

Lice rife to be taken for each pair of horfes above i pair,&c.

Taxes, See. vefted in fup. magiftrate from *9 Sept. 1 *793’» ftc* m herein.

7ke thirty-fifth Teat §f George I1T.

feven m3ei thereof, or {hall own, keep, or drive any cart, car, dray, or other carnage, plying and carrying for hire, any load taken up within the (aid city, fuburbs, and liber* tiea, or belonging to any brewer, and employed in that boil neb, or within three miles thereof, or any cart, car, or other carriage, that (hall bring, cairy, or draw into the laid city or liberties, be it for hire or fale, or otherwife, any bricks, (tones, fond, gravel, lime, or other materials employed or lqade ufe of in building or paving, or any private cart, car, dray, or other carriage fet up by any per-fon refiding within the faid city, fuburbs, or liberties, and employed in the carriage of goods or commodities which fuch perfon (haU have on commiflion, or (hall have fold, and all fiich perfons who (hall keep or ufe within the (aid city, fuburbs, or liberties, any private chair or fedan, for his or her own ufe, and for hearing and determining complaints againft the owners, proprietors, or drivers of all fuch carriages, carts, cars, drays, chairs, Sedans, and other carriages aad horfes as aforefaid, and for collecting, levying, and recovering the rents and fines payable for the fame, or any penalty or forfeiture refpe&ing the lame, and for fammon-ing perfons, and inflicting penalties and forfeiture* for mif-demcanors, negleCt, or non-attendances, and for regulating, ascertaining, increafing, or reducing fores, and for appointing neccflary officers and fervants, with rtafonable allowances and folaries, in as ftdf and ample manner as the governors of the faid foundling-hofpital or work»hpufc, or any quorum or number of them, or their c ^ t of a flirt ants, or any quorum or number thereof, heretoiore poflefled or enjoyed by virtue of the faid aCt parted in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty.

XCVI. And be it enaCted, That every perfon who (hall own, keep, or drive, or let out for hire within the faid city, fuburbs, or liberties, more than two horfes or other beads to draw any coach, landau, chariot, poft-chaife, or berlin, in the way of job, (hall for each pair of horfes, or other beads which he or (he (hall fo own, keep, drive, or let out, take out a licenfe, and pay the fine payable thereon.

XCVII. And be it ena&ed, That from and after the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufond Seven hundred and ninety-five, all Sum or Sums of money arifing from all and Singular the fines, taxes, penalties, and forfeitures im-pofed, referred, and made payable by law, or any licenfe or licenfes heretofore or hereafter to be granted as aforefaid, and all arrears thereon that may happen to be due on (aid day, and all right thereto, be, and is hereby vefted in the foid Superintendant-magiilrate, who, or fuch perfon oY per-

font

Digitized by ^-ooQle

/

Tbe thhifjifih Tear of George, III.

I95

fens at he (hall appoint, (hall have full and abfolttte power A. D. and authority to alk, demand, colled, and receive aD fuch 179$. rents, fines, taxes, penalties, and forfeitures, and all arrears Chap. 36. thereof due under the faid former ad, and to fue for and recover the fame by diitrefs, or by any other ways, means, or methods, in as foil and ample manner as the fame could or might have been levied, colleded, fued for, and reco* vered by the bid commiffioners, their officers, or feryants ; and all monies that (hall be colleded and received by virtue of this ad, (hall be paid to the foperintendant-magiftrate, and towards encreafing the funds for the fupport of the bid foperintendant-magiftrate, divifional juft ices, conftables, and officers under their diredion.

XCVTIL And be it further enaded, That all rules, or- Rules, be. by ders, bye-laws, and regulations, which have been made by recited a&* va-the faid commiffioners of police, by virtue of faid recited lid unlefs altered $ds, (hall remain good and valid, unlefs the fame (hall be ^7 fop* altered or made void by the faid fuperintendant-magiftratc for the time being; and all alterations, additions, amend-	.

zhents, or repeals of the fame, or of any rule, order, byelaw, or regulation heretofore made by the bid governors ot commiffioners, agreeable to the powers given by virtue of the faid recited ads, (hall from and after the palling of this ad, be good and valid*, as folly and effedually to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, as if the fame were particularly mentioned, exprefted and enaded in this pre-font ad.

XCtX. Provided always, and be it furthef enaded, aQp. magft-That the faid foperintendant-magiftrate (hall pay over quar- trate te pay terly unto the governors and guardians of the lying-in-hof* quarterly m go* pital in the city of Dublin, and for their ufe, fuch fum or fums of money, as (hall or may arife from the additional herein, rent or tax impofod and levied on private fodan chairs, and all arrears thereon, fubjed to, and under the regulations and reftridions preferibed by an'ad paffed in the twenty-fifth year of his prefent Majefty, entitled. An aS for the com• pleting and effeQually lighting and watching of Rut landfquare i and for the better fupport and maintenance off be hofpital for tbe relief of poor lying-in-women in tbe city of Dublin, andfor other purpofei therein mentioned,

C. And be it enaded, That tbe fuperintebdant-magiftratc Sup. magistrate as oft^n as he (hall have in his hands of the monies which to depofite every by this ad he. is authorized to receive, fo much as (hall amount to the fum of one hundred pounds, he (hall depofite arc, be, r**W,a* the fame in the bank of Ireland; and as often as occafion

N a	juftbetj

Digitized by

local per arm. to be paid quarterly to trcalu > rcr, &c.

r Sap. magift rate, &c not to fit in parliament.

Accounts to be audited.

A public aft.

thirty-fifth Tear of George III.

juftice9, fpecifying in every fuch order the purpofes to which fuch fumg are to be refpedivcly applied.

CL And be it enaded, That out of the monies*by this ad#direded to be paid to the faid fuperintendant-magiftrate for licenfes and tines, the (aid fuperintendant-magiftrate (hall by four quarterly payments, commencing from the twenty-ninth day of September in every year, p?\y to the treafunrr of the city of Dublin,. the yearly fum of two thoufand pounds, towards the fund provided by this ad, for maintaining the watch in the feveral parithes in the faid diftrid ; and alfo, fuch further fum (if any) as (hall at the end of . every year remain, and be a faving out of the fund applicable to the fupport and maintenance of the eftablhhment of fuperintendant magillrate and divifional juftices, and their dependencies.

Cl I. And be it enaded, That the faid fuperintendaat-magi(Irate, and divifional juftices, (hall be incapable of being chofcn a member of, or fitting in the houfe of commons, in any parliament hereafter to be fummoned, during fuch time as they (hall refpedivcly be fuperintendant magiftratc or divifional juftices.

CIII. And be it enaded, That the commiffionersof im-preft accounts (hall evt^y year, examine and audite the accounts of the faid fuperintendant magiftrate.

CIV. And be it enaded, That this ad (hall be deemed and taken to be a public ad, and (hall be taken notice of as fuch, by all judges and juftices, and other perfons whatfo-ever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CHAP. XXXVIII.

An Aft for further Improving the Pojl Roads in this Kingdom. ...

WHEREAS many of the poft roads in this kingdom are too narrow, hilly, and inconvenient for coaches to travel on with the mails, and a fpeedy conveyance of the mails by coaches is piodudive of many benefits in a commercial country ; be it enaded by the King’s mod Excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lotds fpiritual and temporal and commons i.i this prefent parliament afTembled, and by the authority of ths - Grand jury	lame* That whenever a plan	and	eftimate	for makings

approving in	new road, or one or more pieces of new road, or for aU

writing the plan	tering, widening, or repairing	any	old road	from the city

*adcft,“^cof	of Dublin, any poll town in	this	kingdom,	(hall be laid

anew load,	bsferc

Digitized'by CjOOQle

The thirty-fifth Tear of George III.

m

before the grand jury at any aflizes, fpecifying the whole of the road to be made, altered, widened or repaired from laid city to faid poft town within the county where fuch aflizes (hall be held, together with an eftimate of all expence for the fame, and alfo the confcnt of the chief governor or governors of this kingdonv for the time being, to mails being conveyed by coaches on the faid road, fo foon as it (hall be completed, and the grand jury (hall exprefs in writing their approbation thereof, as a road ad-vifeable to be made, altered, widened, or repaired according to the faid plan ; fuch plan, eftimate, confent and approbation (hall be depofited amongft the records of the county; and it (hall be lawful for the grand jury at any fubfequent affixes to prefent the whole ox the road, fo far as it goes through their county, to be laid out, made, widened, altered, or repaired (as the cafe may be) in regard to the ref-pe£live parts thereof, and alfo to prefent all fuch fums of money as may be neceffary for the fame, and for making fences thereto, or for building, re-building, and repairing all bridges, gullets, pipes, and walls thereon, and ere<fting^ mile polls or ftones, and finger pods, and for otherwife improving faid road, to be raifed off the county at large.'

II.	And be it further enadted, That no money (hall be fo prefented to be raifed, unlefs the whole of the work purfuant to the faid plan and eftimate, or fo much thereof as (hall appear neceffary, and the entire fum neceffary for the fame (hall be prefented at ope and the fame aflizes.

III.	Provided always, That if the grand jury (hall think the fum neceffary for completing the (aid plan or eftimate too great to be raifed at oncerit (hall be lawful for them to prefent what portion of the whole fum (hall be raifed in each yeaand at what aflizes until the whole (hall be raifed, and the treasurer of faid county (hall from time to time infeit the portion £b prefented irt his warrant at the aflizes fp directed, and the lame (hall be levied in like manner from time to time, and with like temedy in cafe of non-payment, as all Other money dire&ed by faid warrant to be levied.

IV.	Provided always. That the entire fum prefented for the completing (aid plan ror eftimate (hall be raifed within fix years from the time of the presenting the fame.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That all money fo prefented, (hall be prefented and paid on like affidavits, and fubjcdl to the like regulations and conditions as any money to be prefented and paid for the like pwpofes, by virtue pf an adl paffed in the thirty-fecond year of his prefent ^lajefty, entitled, An a8 for improving and keeping in repair

the

A. D.

from Dublin to any poft town, and (ord lieutenant confenting to mails being conveyed on laid road.

*79J-

Chap. 38.

fuch plan, &c. (ball be depofited with the records of tho county.

The entire work and fum to hr prefented at one aflizes.

What fma-(hall be raifed-’ each year.

The fum to be raifed in fix year?.

To be pre • fented and paid ashy 3a G. 3-# except as herein.

t jitizecf fry V■

The thirty -fifth Xc*r of George III.

thi bob roads of ibis kingdom, is prefented or paid, except fo tar as is otherwife herein dire&cd.

VI.	Provided always. That if more money (hall be ex-Treafnrer to pended in any one year in faid work and accounted for, py fum alkmcd than the treaTurer (hall have received, it (hall be lawful for in account* the treafurer, and he is hereby required to pay to the per-fon who (hsdl have fo accounted, or his executors, admi-niftrators, or afligns, the full fum allowed in fuch account out of the monies prefented for the purpofe afore-laid, fo foon as he (hall receive the fame, without any further order, warrant, or authority in that behalf.

CHAP. XXXI*.

Geanft of mnds in this kingdom by. Utter* patent tinder the grea| ie*l of England Shaft be good '

Not to altaj-the nature of any title.

An Ad for conforming Grants heretofore made by Patents under the Great Seal of JZngland

WHEREAS many grants have been heretofore made by patents under the great fcal of England, of lands, tenements, and other hereditaments within this kingdom, aud doubts have arifen whether fuch grants be valid, for the removing fuch doubts, preventing litigation, and confirming the titles of all persons deriving under fuch grants'; be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpmtual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament fembled, and by the authority of the feme, Tnat all grants heretofore made of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments within this kingdom, by letters patent under the great feal of England, (hall be valid in law, to all intents and purposes, as 8 the fame had been paffed under the great fcsl pf this kingdom.

(F If. Provided always. That this aft (haB not be conftru-ed to confirm, oif alter the nature of any title derived under fuch patents, other than by declaring fuch, patents to be con ft rued and confidcred as if palled under the great fell of Ireknd.	‘	’	‘	'

CHAP.

Digitized by LjOOQle

The thirty-fifth Fear If George fit*

CHAP. XLIIL

*99 A. D.

Jfts Jt& for improving and repairing the Turnpike Road leading fromDublm to Mullingar, andfor repealing thefiveral Law heretofore made relating to the food Road.

WHEREAS the fcrciml aftsof parliament following, Redtol of that is to fay, an aft pofied in the" fifth year of the *&•, Sen. reign of his late Majcfty King George the fecond, entitled, jin aQ for repairing toe road leading from the city of Dublin to the town of Kinnegad in the county of Weftmeath, an aft palled in the feventh year of his faid late Maieftj’a reign, entitled, jin aQ for making more effeQual the fata lap mentioned aQ9 and for the other purpofes therein mentioned, an aft palled in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his prefent;

Majcfty King George the third, entitled. An off for alters Jngj amending, and making more effeQual the laws for repairing the road leading from the city of Dublin, to the town of Rim* negad in the county of Wejlmeath, and from thence to the town of Mullingar m the fame county9 and for other purpofes therein mentioned, an aft pafted :n the twenty-firft and tvyenty-fecond years of the reign of his faid prefent Majefty, fttitled, Au^ aQ for more eJfeBually carrying into execution the feveral laws relating to the turnpike road leading from the city of DukSn to Mullingar, and for enabling the truftees of the faid road to widen and make more convenient the approaches from the town of Chapdizod to the city of Dublin, and for other purpofes ; an aft palled in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his laid present Maiefty, entitled, An aQ for continuing and amending the feveral laws relating to the repairs of the turnpike road leading from Dublin to Mullingar, ana for more cffeBually enabling the truftees thereof to widen the narrow parts beading from ChapeU izod to Dublin, on the north and fouthfdes of the ri'ber Ltjfey, and alfo an aft palled in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of his (aid prefent Majefty, entitled, AnaQ to amend thefajh recited aQ of the twenty fixtb of his prefent Majcfty x arc now near expiring, and the fame are found infufficient ^or keep* , ing the (aid road in repair: and whereas fo much of an aft 1 pafied in the thirtieth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign* entitled. An aQ for continuing and amending an aQ pajfed in the twentyfecond year of his prefent Majeftys reign, entitled. An aQ for improvement of the city of Dublin, by making wide anft convenient ftaffages through the fame, and for regulating the coed trade thereof andfor other purpofes, as relates to the faid road from Dublin to Mullingar, and the tolls and duties thereof,

as

Digitized by Google

The thirty-fifth Tear of George III.

as alfo an a£l patted in the thirty-firft year of his prefent Majefty, entitled, dn ad to amend the feveral ads for repair of the road from Dublin to Mullingar, have been found by experience to be inefficient for the purpofes thereby intended ; be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament attembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the feveral before recited a£s, and all and every the powers and authorities, articles, rules, penalties and claufes therein contained, except fuch parts thereof as repeal the feveral a&s therein recited, be, and the fame are hereby repealed and made null and void.

II. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That ^ommiluoner*. ys gracc WiUjarp Robert duke of Leinfter, the moft noble Arth ur marquis of Downfhire, the right honourable George Frederick earl of Weftmeath, George earl of Granard, George carl of Belvedere, Edward earl of Kingilon, Henry Lawes earl of Carhampton, Charles vifeount Ranelagh, Ed-jnond Sexten vifeount Pery, Arthur vifeount Harberton, Robert vifpount Leitrim, the right'reverend and honourable Henry lord bifhop of Meath, the right reverend George Lewis, lord bifhop of Kildare, the right honourable Randle lord Dunfany, the right honourable Richard lord Donough-more, Richard lord Sunderlin, Luke lord Mountjoy, John lord Kilmaine, Nicholas lord Clonctirry, Laurence lord Ox-tnantown, lord Edward Fitzgerald, right honourable John Softer, fpeaker of the honourable houfc of corpmons, right honourable fir John Parnell, right honourable Henis Browne, right honourable fir Jphn Blaquiere, right honourable Tho-tnas Conolly, right honourable Theophilus Jones, right honourable William Conyngham, right honourable Henry King, right honourable Jofhua Cooper, right honourable Henry Theophilus Clements, right honourable Robert Cunning-hame, right honourable James Cuffe, right honourable Hen-,	ry	Grattan, right honourable James Fitzgerald, his Majef.

ty’s prime ferjeant at law, right honourable Arthur Wolfe, his Majefty’s attorney general, honourable Robert Rochfort, honourable Thomas Packenham, honourable Clot worthy Taylor, honourable Arthur Weflcy, honourable Arthur Pomeroy, fir Fenton Aylmer, baronet, the knights of the (hire for the refpe&ive counties of Dublin, Kildare, Meath, and Weftmeath, Michael Aylmer, of Courtown, Charlei Aylmer, efquire, Henry Arabin, efquire, lieutenant-coloncj William Brady, Wogan Browne, efquire, Thomas Burgh, efquire, of Birt, Arthur Burdett, efquire, Hugh Camcrofs, feftjuire, Thomas Croker, efquire, Charles Croker, efquire, Reverend Richard Cane, Denis Bowes Daly, efquire, W^ ’ ............................................................[jann

N

Digitized by

201

The thirty-fifth Tear of George III.

liam Douglas, efquire, William Deafe, efquire, Chriftopher Deey, efquire, Frederick John Falkiner, efquire, Robert Ford of John (Ion, efquire, Richard Griffith, efquire; reverend do&or Arthur Grueber, Arthur Guinnefs, efquire,

James Glafcock, efquire, John Godley, efquire, James Hufley of Belgarde, efquire, alderman James Hamilton,

— -- — Handcock, efquire, Conyngham Jones, efquire,

William Judge, efquire, Samuel Kathrens, efquire, David Latouche, junior, efquire, John Latouche, efquire, Arthur Magan, efquire, Arthur Maguire, efquire, Francis M‘Far-land, efquire, Alexander Murray, efquire, James Nugent, efquire, of Clonloft, Hugh O’Reilly, efquire, of Ballin-lough, Charles Palmer, efquire, reverend do&or Percy,

GuTlavus Rochford, efquire, Richard Ryan of Ballinakill, efquire, Ralph Smith, efquire, James Tifdall,-efquire, John Tyrrel, efquire, of Clonard, Robert Tighe, efquire, major George Vefey, Hugh Wilfon, efquire, and alderman Nathaniel Warren, be, and are hereby appointed commiffioners of the faid road, beginning on the fouth fide of the river Road, as herein, Liffey, at the fouth weft point of the bridge on the circular and truf" road, next on the eaft to the new gaol of the county of Dub- tce# to c **

Jin op the common of Kilmainham, and on the north fide of faid river at the north weft end of Sarah-bridge, and ending at Mullingar, and the feyeral perfons heretofore named, appointed, or ele&ed truftees, in or by virtue of the laid recited a&s, or any of them fo hereby repealed, and who are not hereby appointed commiffioners, (hall henceforth ceafe to be truftees for repairing the faid road.

II. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That AJ1 former all contra&s whatfoever heretofore entered into by the faid contraAs, truftees, under the faid repealed a&s, or any of them, any void, wife refpe&ing or affeding the faid road, or the repairs thereof, or the toils and duties payable under the faid repealed a&s, or any of them (fave only as herein after particularly faved and excepted) (hall frojn and after the nrft day"of November, in this prefent year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-five, be null and void, to all intents . and purpofes whatfoever.

IV.	Provided nevertfiel&, That nothing herein contain- Provided not ed (hall deftroy or diminifti fuch fecurities or contra&s as to deftroy fecu-have been heretofore pafted for money due to the faid truf- rities, as herein, tees of the faid roid, and which are hereby declared to be vefted, and%are accordingly yefted in the faid laft named com-miffioners, for the purpole of carrying this prefent a& into execution, or fuch fecurities, -contracts, or other engagements as (hall hgve been heretofore pafted or entered into, and remain a&ually due by the faid former truftees, to the Creditors or perfons holding the fame, or entitled thereto,

' -	•	r	upon

A. D.

1795-Chap. 43.

Digitized by

Google

20*

Cwnmiffidnen •r pay balance ^Ttteon contra& Serein msatioit-td.

XHten any

cnmmifli oners or refign,

5 meet andclea •then*

Mating, Ac, t Berea*

The thirty-ffib Tear of George III.

upon the faith of the (aid federal afts, of parliament, lave only a certain indented contract, bearing date and executed on the twelfth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety, by and between certain perfons therein named, and theretofore appointed by aft of parliament, commiffioncrs for making wide and convenient ways, ftreets, and paflages, in the city of Dublin, of the one part, and certain other perfons therein named, and theretofore appointed in like manner by aft of parliament, truftees of the turnpike road leading from the city of Dublin to Mullingar, which is hereby declared to be henceforth null and void to aU intents and pnrpofes whatfoever.

V.	Provided nevcrthclefs, and it is hereby cnafted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful for the laid commiffioners of the faid road, hereby nominated and appointed, and they are hereby required out of the hrft monies which (hall come to their hands, or to the hands of their treafurer in virtue cf this aft, to pay fitch arrear as bath iiv-curred, and is due and owing for five years, at the rate of three hundred pounds by the year, on the foot of the faid kft mentioned contraft, being the annual fum contra&ed and agreed to be paid by the mid former truftees of this road, to the faid commiflioners of wide ftreets, to- and for the firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-five Ialt paft, to be recovered in like manner as if this aft [had not been made, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

VI.	And be it further cnafted by the authority aforefaid. That whenever any of the faid commiffioners herein appointed by name, or of their fucceflors, (hall happen to die or re* fcgn, it (hall be lawful for the remaining commHfionera, or any five or more of them, on the firft Tuefday in any month, to cleft a perfon to be a commiffiondr ha hu ftead, and fo from time to time during the contmaanceof this aft, as often as a vacancy fhaft happen by the death or refignation of afty perfon fo chofen.

VII* And be it enabled by the authority afbrcfakl, That the commiffioners (hall affemble between the hours of twelve and two o’clock in the'afternoon, on the fecond Tuefday"' after paffing this aft, at the parliament-houfe in the city of Dublin, or in cafe of failure thereof, on the Tnefdav next hicceedrng, and that five comxniflbners (hall be neceflary to conftitute a meeting of the (aid commiffioners, and that the aft of the majority of five commiffioners, (hall be the aft of, and binding upon the faid commSfioners; and that it dhall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiffioners* to* adjourn anj meeting from time to time, and from place to place, contiguous to, or convenient to the faid road.

Vm. Pro-

Digitized by V^OOQie

The thirty-fifth Tear cf George III.

993

Giving X* days ftOUfjfc fie*

VIII.	Provided neverthelefs, That previous to fuch election after fuch vacancy hath been declared by the faid com-mifiioners, or any five or more of them, at fuch meeting as aforefaid, there (hall be fourteen days notice of the time and place to be thereby appointed for holding any ele&ion upon any vacancy of fuch commifiioners as aforefaid, figned by the regifter of the laid commifiioners* and to be pobliflied in one or more of the moft publick newfpapers of Dublin, and a copy thereof to be ferved at the place of refidence of every coramiffioner, at lealt. three days pievious to the day appointed for fuch meeting ; and provided, that fuch election after fuch notioe given as aforefaid, fhaU he had within the city of Dublin, or m any town upon the faidroad, within the firft dirifion thereof

IX.	And be it ena&ed by tb* authority aforefaid, That

all a&s to be done by the faid commifiioners, pr any five or er/tobeabaari-more of them, or any majority of five or more of thetn» under the authority of this a&, (hall be done and tranfadted only at meetings or boards, to be (ummon^d and convened as herein before dire&ed.

X.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefoid, commif&mrt* That the faid commiffionerB, or any five or more of them, to ded a tro-may at their firft meeting after the palling of this a&, or at furer at xdoL a any fubfequent meeting fo to be had, appoint a treafurer, at Year*

a yearly falary not exceeding one hundred pounds fterling;	-	****“**	81

and that they may alfo appoint a regifter, at a yearly falary not exceeding fifty pounds fterling, and that any five or more of the faid commiffioaers aflemblod together, fhall have power from time to time, to remove any fuch treafurer or regifter, at the free will and pleafure of the faid commifiioners, and to appoint other treafurer or regifter in the Read of fuch officer or officers fo removed, and in cafe of death or refignation, to appoint other treafurer or regifter in the fteafi of fuch officer or officers fo dying or vefigning.

XI.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That __________  __

the faid commifiioners. or any five of them, (hall take from give fcoirity. anyperfon fo appointed treafurer, before he lhall. be capable of a&ing in the laid office, fecurity in a fum not lefs than -two thoufand five hundred pounds, for his faithful difeharge of faid office, and for the duly accounting for* and paying all money he fhall receive as treafurer from time to time, as any five or mpre of the faid commifiioners appointed and af-femblcd together in virtue of this a&, for the ufes and pur-pofes herein after directed, fhall from time to time direft* and fqch treafurer (hall keep fuch book* of account, and m fuch manner, as the faid commiffiontrs, or aiiy fivdof them, fhaU from time to time diroft.

XW-Atf

iol.aycar.

Trcafof^r to

Digitized by t^ooQle

£04	The	thirty-fifth	Tear of George III.

A. D. XII. And whereas the fold road from Dublin to Mu!-1795. lhigar was heretofore divided into two parts, but it hath Chap. 43. been found by experience, that the divifions thereby made, have been inefficient to anfwer the purpofes of the fafd afts. Road former- and it will be more expedient that the faid road fn m Yf divided uuo Dublin to Mullingar, (hall be divided into three parts, be a parts,	it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid. That from

and after the firft day of November next, inflead of the di-vilions heretofore made, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid commiffioners, or any five or more of them, at the firft meeting after their election, or at any adjournment there-oow divided in- °^» to divide the (aid road into three divifions, the firft lo 3 parts. whereof to begin at the commencement of the faid road as herein before mentioned, on both Tides the river Lifter, and to terminate at the eaft of a tom-pike gate, or toll-houfe to be erefted at or near the old church of Larah Brien, beyond Maynonth, and which (hall be called the' eaftem divifion, and the fecond divifion to commence from the termination of faid firft or eaftera divifion, and 'to end at the eaft end of Clonard-bridge in the county of Kildare, and to be called the middle divifion, and the third divifion thereof to commence at the weft end of Clonard-bridgc aforefaid, and to end at the eaft end or entrance into the town of Mullingar, and to foe called the weftem divifi* on.

XIII.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That Ootnnuffion- from and aftcr the ’ faid firft day of November next, it (hall Mi*	an<* may lawful for the faid commiffioners, or any five of

®alca,	them, or fuch perfon or perfon9 as they (hall authorize and

appoint, to eftablifh or ereft, or caufc to be eftablifhed or • erefted, one or more pay gate or pay gates, upon and-acrofs any part or parts of the faid road, and to build, hire, or rent a toll-houfe, convenient to every fuch gate ; and to demand and take in each of the faid divifions by fuch perfon or perfons, or their deputies, cotleftors, or gate-keepers, as they or any five or more of them (hall authorize fo to do, in lieu of the tolls heretofore collefted at the feveral gates on the faid road, in virtue of the faid laft recited aft, the following toils at every fuch gate, before any beaft or carriage (hall be permitted to go-through the lame, that is to (ay, for every coach, landau, chariot, chaife, phaeton, esh briolet, curricle, or chair, if drawn by fix horfes br other beads, or by more than fix, the fum of two (hillings and eight pence halfjpenny; if drawn by three or four horfes or other beafts, the fum of two (hillings and two pence; if drawn by two horfes or other beads, the fum of one (hilling and one penny 5 and if drawn by one horfe or other beaft, the fum of of fix pence halfpenny; for every horfe,

xiarCj

X-

Digitized by v^ooQle

The thirty fifth Tear of George III.

mare, gelding, afs, or muk, laden or unladen, the fum of Qne penny halfpenny ; for every drove of oxen, cows, or neat cattle, the fum of two (hillings and fix pence, by the fcore, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefier number ; for every drove ot calves, (beep, lambs, or pigs, the fum of one (hilling and three pence by the fcore, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler number.

XIV.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore-faid. That from and after the palling of this aft, and du- Stage coachts ring the continuance of the fame, it (hall be lawful for the *• herein, laid commiffioners to demand and take by fuch perfon or

perfons as they (hall authorize thereto, at each and eve-ry pay-gate aforefaid, for eveiy ftage coach or other carriage, plying for hire, or conveying perfons for hire, which (hall convey at any one time, upon any part of faid road, more than fix perfons within fide, or more than three perfons befides the driver upon the outfide of any fuch coach or other carriage, five Aiillings for every horfc or other bead drawing the fame, in addition to the toll herein before direfted, to be paid every time fuch coach, or other carriage (hall pafs through any of the faid gates.

XV.	And whereas much injury has arifen to the faid

road, from the improper conftruftion of the wheels of cars and other carriages, and it is expedient that the tolls on fuch wheels (hall bear a more equal proportion to the dia-mage they may do to the faid road, be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the palling of this Toll* to be aft, it (hall be lawful for the faid commifiioners to demand	t#

and take, by fuch perfon or perfons as they (hall authorife donebybfdcon-thereto, for every jvaggon, wain, dray, cart, car, or timber ftru6tion of carriage, moving on rollers with flat furfaces, whofe fellies wheel*, a* here* (hall be fixteen inches on each fide of the (hoeing or ftreaks

thereof, and which (hoeing or ftreaks (hall be fet on with counterfunk flat-headed nails, bolts, or ferews, which (hall not projeft above the furface or level of fuch ftreaks or-(hoeing, and that fuch ftreaks or (hoeing (hall be flat, and fixteen inches or more in breadth, the fum of one halfpenny for every horfe or beaft drawing the fame 5 for every waggon, wain, dray, cart, car, or timber carriage, if the foals and (hoeing of the fellies thereof (hall be flat, and of the breadth of nine inches or more, and that the ftreaks or (hoeing of the wheels thereof (hall be fet on with counterfunk flat-headed nails, bolts, or ferews, which (hall not projeft above the furface or level of fuch ftreaks or (hoeing,	*

and that fuch ftreaks or (hoeing (hall be flat, and nine inches or more in breadth, and if the fore-axle (hall be fo much longer or (hortcr than the hind-axle, that the wheels

thereof

Rates of

Digitized by Google

TielfoijJtftb Tiat George tlT. thereof flufl roll a double furface of at kaft fixteen inchei

on each and either fide, the fum of one halfpenny for cyerf horfe or beaft drawing the fame ; for every waggon, warn,, dray, cast, car, or timber carnage, if the ftreaks or fboe* ing of the wheels thereof fhall be let on in Hke manner, and fhaU be nine fiat inches acrofs the (hoeing, the fnm of ode penny for every horfe or beaft drawing the fame ; for every waggon, wain, dray, cat, car, or timber carnage, if the ftreaks or (hoeing of roe wheels thereof (hall be fet on ia like manner, and (hall be lefs than nine inches, but not Ids than feven inches acrofs the foal, and if the fore-axle (hal be fo much longer or (horter than the hind-axle, that the wheels thereof (hall roll a double furface of at lead twelve inches on each and cither fide, the fum of one penny, for every horfe or beaft drawing the fame ; for every waggon^ wain, dray, cart, car, or timber carnage, if the ftreaks or (hoeing of the wheels thereof (hall be fet on in like manner, and (kali be lefs than nine inches, but not left than feven inches, and (hall not roll a double furface of at leaft twelve inches, one penny halfpenny for every horfe or beaft drawing the fame ; for every waggon, wain, dray, cart, car, or other timber carriage, it the itreaks or (hoeing of the wheels thereof (hall be fet on in like manner, and (hall be lefs than feven inches, but not lefs than fix inches, and if the fore-axle (hall be fo much longer or (horter than the hind-axle, that the wheels thereof (nail roll a double furface of at lead ten inches, the Ann of one penny halfpenny for every horfe or beaft drawing the fame ; for every waggon, wain, dray, cart, car, or timber carnage, if the ftreaks or (hoeing of the wheels thereof (hall be fet on in like manner, and (hall be lefs than feven inches but not left than (be incites, and (hall not roll a double furface of ten inches on each fide, the fum of two p^nce for every horfe or beaft, drawing the fame ; for every waggon, wain, dray, cart, car or timber carriage, if the ftreaks or (hoeing of the wheels thereof (hall be fet on like manner, and (hall be left than (lx inches but not kfs than five inches, the fum of three pence for every horfe or beaft drawing the fame ; for every waggon, wain, dray, cart, car, or timber carnage, if the ftreaks or (hoeing of the wheels thereof (hall be fet on in like manner, and (hall be lefs than five inches but not lefs than four inches, the fum of four pence for every horfe or beaft drawing the fame ; for every waggon, wain, dray, cart, car, or timber carriage, if the ftreaks or (hoeing of the wheels thereof (hall be fet on in the like manner, and (hall be lefs than four inches, the fura of fix pence halfpenny for every horfe or beaft drawing the fame; for every waggon, wain, dray, cart, car, or timber carriage, if any of the (hoe-

mg

N

Digitized by

TTx thirty-fifth Tear of George III.'

soj

\og or jlreakt of aiw of the wheels of any fuch carnage (hall not be flat, or (hall be fet on with high or fprig-headed nails, bolts or (brews, or with any nails, bolts or fcrews, not being counter-funk and flat-headed, or which (hall pro-je£k above the level or fut(ace of fuch (breaks or fhoeing, the fum of one fhilHng and one penny for every horfe or beaft drawing the fame.	'

XVI. Provided always, That for every car whole wheels (hall be three flat inches in breadth acrofs the foal or tier, and (hall be formed or put on fo as to turn round the axle-tree, and whofe axle-tree (hall be'fixed on fo as not to turn round with the wheels, the fum of one penny halfpenny only and nq more (hall be demanded or taken at any gate on any jpart of the hud road, for each horfe or other beaft drawing the fame, if the (breaks or (hoeing of fuch wheels he flat, and fet on with counter-funk flat-headed nails, bolts tor fcrews, and which (hall not prcjed above the furfsce ot level of fuch (breaks or (hoeing.

XVII. Prodded nevertheiefs. That twelve months timfc from the palling of this ad, (hall be allowed to dll perfons travelling with cars and other cariages on the faid road, to ' fupply and provide themfelves with wheels of the breadth, confbra&km and dimenfions herein before defcribed, before

Toll for ctn With wheels u heed a.

ta months time given to alter yheek.

any penalties jor additional toll (hall be levied for default thereof, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-- Handing.

XVIII.	And be it further ena&od by the authority afore- Pav-gstes laid. That it (hall be lawful for any five commiflioners of *n»y Sc altered* the faid road, to alter the (ituation of any of the (aid pay,

gates within fuch dill rids of the faid road, and to add luck other pay-gates on and acrofs any part of the prefent line of faid road, or of any new lute of faid road, or upon and acrofs any part of; the fame, or ou the fide of the faid prefent, or of any new line of faid road, acrofs any lane or way leading out of either of the faid lines of road within fuch difbrid, and to build, hire, or rent a toll-houfe for every fuch gate, and there to demand and receive, by fuch perfon or perfons as they (hall authorize thereto, fuch tolls as are appointed by this ad to be taken at any gate within fuch dif-trieb of the faid road, and that every fuch gate (hail be deeni-cd a pay-gate.

XIX.	Provided always. That no gate (hall be ere&ed Gates herea acrofs any lane leading into the (aid road, or acrofs the (hid not to btcreft* road, fo as to intercept the communication between any

two roads repaired by preferment, where the (hid roach fo repaired by preferment (hall lead into the (hid turfl-

plkt

Digitized by Google

ao8

7%e	thirty fifth Tear of George III.

A. D.

^1795-

Chap. 43.

Tollb but once a day.

Other paflen-(rcr with fame cattle, ice. liable to toll.

Carriagrs, *c. hereto exempted.

Oates not to be eroded on trackway of Royal Canal, Ire,

pike road, oppofite to or within forty perches of eacH other.

XX. And be it further enaCted, That no paffenger at paflengers with the fame cattle and carriage Ihall be liable to pay any of the faid tolls aforefaid, more than once in the fame day, within the fame divifion, but that every palTenger or pafTengers having paid fuch toll once in any* one divifion, may during the remainder of the lame day (every fuch day to be computed from twelve o’clock at night to twelve o’clock the fucceeding night) pafs and re-pafs toll free through every pay-gate in the fame divifion, with the fame cattle and carriage for which fuch toll Ihall have been paid, on producing a ticket denoting the payment of fuch toll, and containing fuch other matters ai herein required iefpcdting the fame ; which ticket every colled nr ts required to give gratis on receiving the toll, upon pain of forfeiting live (hillings for every omiflion or refufal, upon conviction before, any juftice of the peace of the county in which the offence lhaH be committed, or before any of the faid commiffioners, every of whom are hereby authorized to examine into the fame, and admini&er oaths for that pur-pofe.

XXL Provided always neverthelefs, That any othej palTenger or pafTengers travelling with the fame cattle or carriage which hath been fo charged as aforefaid, (bail be liable to, and accordingly be charged the like toll as herein before mentioned, with the fame cattle or carriage, not-withftanding toll had been before paid for the fame cattle or carriage by other palTenger or pafTengers within the fame divifion in the fame day, it being the true intent and mean-a ing hereof, that each and every perfon and petfons travelling in carriages Ihall contribute to and be liable to defray the expence of repairing and keeping in repair the faid turnpike road.

XXII. Provided alfo. That fuch cattle or carriage fo before charged with the payment of toll in the fame divifion, in any one day, Ihall not on returning with the fame pafien-ger or paflengers, or without any palTenger or pafTengers be liable to the payment of any further or other toll than as aforefaid.

XXIIL And whereas the trackway or road by the fide of the Royal £anal near the town of Kilcock aforefaid, runs parallel to and adjoining the faid turnpike rpad, and it is inexpedient that apy toll Ihall be payable or collected upon that part, of faid turppjkc road or trackway; be it enaCted. by the authority aforefaid, That it Ihall not be lawful either for the faid commiffioners of the faid turnpike road or the directors

Digitized by

Google

Tolls may be

Tie thirty-fifth Tear df George III.

report of the faid Royal Canal, to ereft any pay-gate, or colleft any toll on or for any cattle or carriages paffing on either part of faid road or trackway, within one mile of the faid town of Kilcock.	^

XXIV.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore-fard, That if any perfon fhall refufe to pay the toll payable diftrained, by him or her in virtue of this aft, it fhall be lawful for

the collector tlieteof, or perfon acting as fuch, to levy the fame by diftrefs of the horfe or horfes or other beaft or beafts* carriage or carriages upon which the toll is by this aft impof-ed, or upon the goods or chattels of the perfon or perfon* who ought to pay the fame, and fuch horfe or horfes or other bead or beads, carriage or carriages, or goods and chatties may be detained until fuch toll (hall be paid, With the rea-fonahle charges of fuch diftrefs; and if the fame fhall not be paid within four days, it (hall be lawful for the colleftor, or perfon afting as fuch, to fell the fame by public auftion at any time after the expiration of the faid four days, rendering’ the Overplus (if any) to the owner on demand after payment of the faid toll, and the full expence of fuch diftrefs and fale.

XXV.	And be it further enacted by the authority a Fore*- iol. penalty fold. That if any perfon or perfons fhall forcibly or wilfully for every of-go or pafs with any horfe, beaft, or carriage through anjr fcncc herein, pay-gate on the faid road, withont paying the toll by this

aft required, or producing a proper ticket as aforefaid, at fuch pay-gate, or fhall knowingly or deftgncdly aflault, interrupt i or obftruft any of the colleftors or perfons employed in colleft ing or receiving any of the faid tolls, or any otherwife in the execution of his Or their employment of receiver or colleftor4, or fhaU injure any fuch gate or toll-houfe, or any globes or lamps, or any lift of tolls or othet obftraft fronft this aft, or from the proceedings of the com-ftftfffioners afting thereunder, which fhall beerefted or placed upon or near gny fuch gate or toHhoufe, or fhall affauit, obftruft, or interrupt any overfeer, afting under and in the execution of any part of this aft, or fhall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or lhall deliver to or receive from any other perfon ot perfons, any note or ticket with an intent to avoid the payment of any of the faid tolls or any part thereof, every perfon f© offending, being convifted thereof by the oath ot One credible witnefs, before atiy juft ice of the poace,

' Of any contffniffioAet of the faid road, fhall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds fterUng ; and it fhall be lawful for every colleftor orperfon afting as fdch, and' all and every other perfon and perfons fry him required to afltft m fhot refpeft, to feize any horfe or horfes, or other

Vol. X.	O	beaft

Digitized by Google

2IO

The thirty fifth Tear of George III.

bead or beads, carriage or carriages, with all goods thereoir, and the driver or dnvers, attendant or attendants thereof, and to bring them before any juftice of the peace or com-miffioner of the faidSroad, who is hereby required to enquire into fuch offence, and if upon convidlion before fuch jutlice or comroiffioner, upon the oath of any one credible witnefs, the party or parties complained of (hall not pay fuch penalty, together with the toll that (hall be due, it (hall be lawful for fuch juftice or commiflioner, and he is hereby required, by warrant under his hand and feal, to caufe the horfe or horfes, or other bead or beads, carriage or carriages, or goods fo dill rained to be fold for payment of the faid tolls and penal* ties, and the charges of feizing and keeping the fame, and of fuch fale, rendering the overplus (if any) upon demand to the owner or owners of the fame, or to the perfon or perfons under whofe care or in whofe poffefiion the fame re-fpe£tively was or were when fo feized, as aforefaid ; and if no fufficient diftrefs (hall have been feized, to commit fuch owner or owners, or other perfon or perfons to the common gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize for any time not exceeding one week, or until fuch fines and penalties, tolls and charges be paid.

XXVI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That every ticket to be given as aforefaid, by any collector for any carriage which is fubjedl to different tolls, (hall truly fpecify the fum received, the date of the day, and of the month and year whereon fuch payment is made, and the number of horfes or other beafts drawing the fame carriage; and if any ticket (ball not truly fpecify the fame, the collector of the toll of the gate where fuch ticket (hall have been given, (hall forfeit the fum of twenty (hillings for every fuch offence, upon convi&ion by the oath of one credible witnefs, before any jullice of the peace, Or one of the commiffioriers aforefaid ; and in cafe of not paying the fame immediately, {hall be committed by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch juftice or comroif-fioner, to the common gaol or houfe of corre&ion, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding the fpace of one month, or until the faid fine (hall be paid.

XXVII.	And be it further enabled -by the authority*

may detain car?, aforefaid, 'i*hat every collcdlor or perfon afting as fuch, cart?, &c to	(hall have power to detain at any pay-gate, every car, cart,

or other carriage, whereon the toll varies, according to the breadth of the ftreaks, or (hoeing of the wheels, and to meafure the fame, and every commiffioner fhall Jw* the like power to (top and meafure the wheels of every fuch car or carriage, at each and every gate, on any part of th«

faid

What (hall be fperified in tickets, Sec.

Collett ora

to

incafure wheels

Digitized by

Google

i The thirty-fifth Year of Gearge IIL

ftid road 5 and if any driver or other person (hall hinder or refufe to permit fuch collector or other perfon to meafure the wheel* of any fuch carriage, and fhall be convifted thereof upon the oath of one. credible witnefs before .any juftice- of the peace for the county wherein fuch offence fhall be committed, or before one of the faid commifljoners, every fuch perfon fo offending, fhall forfeit the fum of twenty fhillings to be levied by diftrefs and fale of his, her, or their car, or other carriage, and the horfe or horfe9, or other beads drawing the fame, and the goods thereon, by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch juftice or commiflioners rendering the overplus, (if any) after deducing the faid fine, and expence* of fuch diftrefs and fale to the owner on demand.

XXVIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority feforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons owning, renting, groundluffering

■ or occupying any land near unto any pay-gate eftablifhed or P*rfons to ere&ed, or to be erefted in purfuance of this aft, fhall for aVoid toll, for-gain, reward, or otherwife knowingly or willingly permit f«it sto*. * any perfon or perfons whatfoeVer to paf* through any gate, paifage, or way, with any horfe, bead, cattle or carriage liable to toll, on paffing through any gate on the faid road to avoid the payment ot the toll hereby appointed to be paid, and be thereof convifted upon the oath of any one credible witnefs, before any cofnraiffioner or juftice of the peace of the county wherein fuch offence fhall be committed, every fuch perfon (hall forfeit the fum of twenty fhillings for every fuch offence; to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of fuch offender, by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch juftice or commiflioner, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner, after deducing thfc faid forfeiture, and the charges in taking and difpofing of the faid goods.

XXIX.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore- jp coucaor faid. That if any collector or toll-gatherer, whether ap- permit perfons pointed by the faid commiflioners, or by any perfon or per- topafsfree, &c„ ions taking any affignment of the tolls under or from the kc fhall forfeit faid commiflioners, or any five of them, (hall without an

order in writing, figned by the faid commiflioners, or any five of them, or by the perfon or perfons taking fuch aflign-ment, permit any carriage, horfe, or beaft whatfoever, to paf* through any gate without payment of the toll payable for the fame, by virtue of this aft, or without a proper certificate directed as aforefaid, being produced therewith, and fhall omit to feize fuch car, carriage, or beaft, or fhall delay to proceed to have the penalties levied as the law di-xc&s for fuch offence, or fhall omit to detain any car, cart,

O 2	or

211

A. D.

H 9$-Chap. 43.

Owners of

Digitized by

Ilf

The thirtyfflh Tear of Georgt III.

Ownmifli oners may appoint a furveyor, &f. at a (alary of 40l.pcx aim.

or other can-iagc, and prevent the paffing throngh the gate after notice fhall be given to him, that the driver thereof has obflrufted the Execution of this aft in any refocft, every perfon fo offending, flvdl upon conviftion thereof before any one juJlice of the peace or commiflioners, forfeit the fum of five pounds, and on non-payment thereof, {hall be committed by warrant under the band and feal of a justice of the peace of the county where fuch offence fhall have been committed, or any one of the faid commiffionerv to the common gaol or houte of corre&ion, there to remaia without bail or rAamprize, for any time not exceeding three months or until the faid. fine be paid.

XXX. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That it fhall be lawful for the faid commiflioners, or any five of them, af a board to be for that purpofc duly aflembled, to eleft and appoint; a fit and proper perfon to aft as a fur« ▼eyor of the faid road, if they fhall think fit fo to da, who fhall report in writing from time to time, upon oath, to the faid commiflioners, at the fii ft meeting of the faid commit fioners, which fhall be held in each of the four feafons of the year, or at any adjournment thereof, refpeftively, or as oftem as thereunto required, the ftate and condition of the road, and of the turnpike gates thereon, and of all bridges and fewers, and what repairs are neceffary to be made, and generally to fumifh fuch obfervations in laid report as he (hall fee neceffary in the true and faithful performance of his office of furveyor, and that it fhall be lawful for the faid commit fioners to appoint fuch falary to the faid furveyor as they fhall think fit, not exceeding the annual fum of fortf pounds.

_________________ XXXI.	And	be	it	further	enafted by the authority

may out of tolls aforefaid, That the faid commiflioners, or any five or mart pay all expeiices of them, fhall, out of the tolls that fhall in virtue of thr* aft be received at the feveral gates, pay all neceffary ex* pences incurred in obtaining and carrying thn aft into execution.

XXXII. And it be it further enafted, That every pe»-fon appointed by any five or more of the faid commtfboncn to make or gravel, repair or fuperintend the faid road, or any part thereof, or he, or they by fuch perfon or perfona for that purpofe employed, fhall have full power and authority to dig for, fearch, raife, and carry away any gravel, Hones, fand, or other materials which may be wanted for the ufe of the faid road, and to make drains in order to carry off water from or prevent its injuring the faid road, on or through the lands of any perfon not being a deer park, orchard, haggard, yard, planted lawn or avenue to a manfion*

houft,

Commiflioners

of aft, &c.

Comnuifioticrs,

&c. ihall have power, &c. as herein.



Digitized by v^ooqLc

The thirty-jifth Tear pf Georg* III#

toyfe, and that ev^ry fuch perfon fo appointed (hall mal^e fatisfa&ion to the owner or occupier* of the land for the da* Bilge that may be done thereby* either by private compaft iftcr fuch damage (hall have been fuftained, or in cafe of di(agreement, then the fame (hall be affeffed by three fob* flantial houfb-holders of the county* wherein fuch damage lhall have been done, one to be named by e&ch of the par-ties, and the third by the next, or any neighbouring justice of peace, or by any cortimiflioner acting under this Ijft, which perfqng fo to be nominated' (hall be fworn by foch juftice or commiftioner to be appnufers of fuch darnfcges, and to make a tTue eft innate thereof, to the beft of them ikill.

XXXIII.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained (hall authorise any new road to be laid out or made through any part of any demefne or deer-park, or any old road t6 b< widened into any demefne or deer-park, or to fearch for gravel or other material! in any demefne or deer-jxtrk, without the confent of the owner being firft obtained in writing under his hand.

XXXIV.	And be it ena&ed byrthe authority aforefaid, That if any perfon (hall obftru& or prevent the faid com-fnHIionerlt or any perfon ailing under their authority, in digging for, railing or carrying away fuch materials, or in making fuch drains, fuch perfons (Hall upon conviction by the oath of one credible witnefu before any one juftice of the peace of the county in which fuch offence (hall have been committed, or before any one of the commiflioners ofthe faid road, forfeit for every fuch offence a fum not exce(®Lig five pounds, to be levied, together with the charges, by^-trefs and fale of the goods of the offender, by the warrant of any one fuch juftice of the peace of fuch county, or of any one fuch commiffioner.

XXXV.	And whereas great inconvenience has arifen, and the public have been much endangered by water from mill-courfes or drains having been turned upon parts of the faid rdad, from whence there have not been fufficient paflages to carry off fuch water; be it further ena&ed, That any perfon who ftiadl tum upon or make a way for any fuch water to go upon any part of the faid road, or (hall turn any fuch water into the trenches by the fide of any part of the faid toad, without fuch perfon or fome other pcrfon or perfons having firft made a ftrflicient drain or drains to carry off fuch water, fo that fuch water (hall not injure any part of faid road, or (hall pull out, remove, or injure any part of the foundation, or any other part of any bridge or fewer, or any wall or fence to any quarry, pit/ hole, river or water-cow fe,

i	or

No new road thro* demefne, ftcc. without owner’s confent*

Any perfon obftruiling, &c. (hall forfeit 51.

Perfons turning water on road, &c. or injure, build, or remove, &c. as herein, fuch offender to forfeit 5I.

Digitized by v^»ooQLe

The thirty fifth Tear of George III.

Or injure any mile-done or direttion-poft, or (hall build any houf or part of a houfe within forty-five feet of the centre of any part of the faid road, or (hall build any wall or make any ditch within thirty-five feet of the centre of any part of the laid road, or (hall build any wind-mill within one hundred yards of any part of the faid road, or (hall remove any of the materials which (hall have been ufed for filling any ditch or any part of any ditch, or (hall deftroy or take down any part of the backs or banks which are or (hall be raifed between any part of the faid road, and the drains or trenches on the fide of the faid road, or (hall make or have any way or paflfage from the faid road into the lands adjoining, without placing a gutter or arch underneath fuch way or pafiage, as deep as the drain or ditch over which it is or (hall be made, and of breadth and height fufficient to allow all water which may at any time be therein full room to pafs, or fhall bum or permit or fuffer to be burned on his or her lands, bricks, lime, or weeds or vegetable fubftance' for afhes, within one hundred feet of the centre of the faid road, every fuch per-fon (hall for every fuch offence, upon convi&ion thereof, by the confeflion of the party, or by the oath or affirmation of one credible witnefs before any juflice of the peace or com-miffioner, ailing under the authority of this aH, or upon the view of fuoh juftice, forfeit the fum of five pounds; perfbn keeping .a°d & anY	(hall	keep	or have in his or her poffelfion

cur-dog, Ac. any cur-dog, madiff, or bull-dog at any houfe within fifty and other inju- yards of the faid road, without a block of wood of five pounds weight at the leaft faftened to the neck of every fuch forfeit aoT1”’ dog, or winnow or lay ont for winnowing any com on the faid road, or within fifty feet of the centre thereof or fhall lay any ftrayr, dung, or rubbifh on the faid road, or (hall ferape the faid road* or (hall fcour or dig any pit, ditch, or drain, or (hall lay any turf on the faid road, or. fhall leave t>n any part of the lame, between enclofure and enclosure, or permit to be left thereon oppofire or near to liis or her houfe any carriage whatfoever, or any plough or harrow without the horfe or horfes, or other bead or bcafts being harneffed thereto, unlefs fuch carriages* as being actually travelling and having perfons in them, or luggage the property *of paflengers, (hall ftop to change horfes, and which (hall not continue more than an hour, or fuch carriage as (hall have been accidentally broken down there, and cannot be removed without repair, or (hall fet or plant any •	fureft tree, or the feed of any fuch tree, within fifty feet of

the centre of any part of fuch road, or (hall break down or injure any foot-path, or ride, lead, or drive any horfe or other bead on any part of any foot-path, or injure any horfe,

■ -	• .	block,

i

t

Digitized

d by Google

The thirtyffth Tear of George III.	315

Hock, or any other thing which fhall be made, erected, or A. D. put upon any part of the faid road, for the ufe of the faid 1795. road, or for the convenience of travellers ; or if any perfon fhall fpread out any linen, blankets or winnow-cloth, within one hundred feet of the centre of the faid road, or (hall beat or dry any flax, or leave any timber, ftones, {and, clay, lime, or otner matter on the faid road, except for the ufe of the faid road, or fhajl leave or permit to be left the carcafe of any horfe or other beaft, or fhall fkin the fame, or permit it to be fkinned on the faid road, or within one hundred yards of the centre thereof, except in a houfe or yard endofed with walla, or {hall lead or drive any car or carriage with timber, boards, or iron laid acrofs, fo as that either end thereof fhall projed beyond the wheels or Tides of the car* wage, or on which fhall be laid any beams or pieces of timber, or plank or pieces of plank above the length of thirteen feet, except on carriages with four wheels, or carts or the common cars, fo placed together that the beams or pieces or planks fhall be laid lengthways thereon; or fhall drag any timber or mill-flones along any part of faid road without being fupported by wheels from touching the fame ; or fhall ere& any fign-pofl or any may-pole or may-bufh oa any part of the faid road,- or fhall place or ere£t any turf-ftack on any part of the faid road, every perfon fo offending fhall for every fuch offence forfeit a fum not exceeding the fum of twenty {hillings, upon convi&ion before any juftice of the peace or commiflioner, a&ing in virtue of and unaer this a6t, by the oath of one credible witnefs, or upon the new of fuch juftice or commiflioner; which penalties and forfeitures fhall be levied, if not paid upon convi&ion, by cfiftrefs and fale of .the goods and chattels of the offender, by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch juftice or com-raifiioner, returning the overplus thereof, it any, to the cvwner. '

* XXXVI. And be k further ena&ed by the authority All turf. Sec. afore faid, 'Iftiat all turf, dung, dirt, ftraw, rubbifh, ftones, kid on road, gravel, fand, or lime, which (hall be laid on the faid road, forfeited.

(hall be, and is hereby declared to be forfeited to the faid ckmmiffioners of the faid road, and to be their foie property, and fhall be fold by them, or any of them, for the ufe of the faicl road, or otherwise difpofed of by them 5s they or any of them fhalLthink fit.

XXXVII.	And be it further enabled by the authority Ccmmiflioners, aforefaid. That it fhall and may be lawful for the faid com- &c. may pull miflioners, or fuch peifon or perfons as fhall be authorized down.&c.jwith-by them, or’atiy five of them, to pull down or fill up, eemr^&c! as aud level any wall, drain, or ditch which fhall be built or herein’

made,

Digitized by k^ooQLe

Commifiionen may pull down houlc or limekiln built con-tiaiy to ad,

any perfon may kill aog kept contrary to ad.

If car* carrying fioneR, brLk**, dimg, oft be not boarded, additional toll of is. per car.

The thirtj-jtfth Ytpr of George III.

made, or be begun tp be built or made after the pafling of this a&, upon any part of the (kid road, or whhio thirty feet of the centre of the fa id road, and cut dowji or remove any foreft tree which (hall be fet or planted after the paffing of this ad, within fifty feet of the centre of any part of the laid road, and to cut down, lop, or top branches now growing or (landing, or which may hereafter gr^w or (land adjoining to any part or the faid road, or on the hodges, or in the banka thereof, which are or (hall be more than fire feet above the level of the road, or nearer than forty-fire feet to the centre thereof, and to take and carry away the fame, the owners or occupiers negleding to cut down fuch branches for twelve days after notice in writing given for that purpofe, under the hand of any magiftrate or commif-fioner, and to take up any way or paifage from the faid road into any field or land adjoining, which may obftrud the free paffage of water, and to temake the fame by build-ing a gutter or fewer, or arch therein, at a fufficient depth, and to fcour and clear away all obftrudions which may happen to be made in any drain for carrying away water from the faid road, or for preventing its injuring the fame, and to pull down and remove any fign-poft which (hall be ereded contrary to this ad, fijrft obtaining a warrant under the hand and Teal of any magistrate, or any of the coramif-fioncrs for fo doing, and to levy the expcnce thereof by dif-tnefs and fale of the goods of the offender, or of the owner or occupier of the land wherein fuch way, paflage, or drain, or bufiles or branches (hall be, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner on demand.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for (aid commil-fioners, or fuch perfon or perfoos as they or any five of them (hall authorize and appoint, to pull down or caufe to be pulled down, any houfc or part of a houfe, or lime-kiln, w hich (hall be built contrary to this ad, that the expencet of fo doing (hall be levied off the goods and chattels of the perfon who caufed the fame to be ereded; and that it (ball and may be lawful for any perfon to kill any dog which (ball _ be kept contrary to this ad, without being fued or profe-cutcd for fo doing.

XXXIX.	And whereas (lones, bricks, and dang, or manure, frequently fall on the faid road from the cars on which they are laden, and are left remaining thereon, to the grcjfc inconvenience of perfons travelling the faid road, be it therefore craded, That every car that ihall carry any flones, bricks, dung, or manure on the* faid road, (hall be boarded on the front, fides and back thereof, with boards eight inches high at the lead, and that for every car fo laden

which

N

Digitized by L300Q le

The thirty fifth Tear of George IH.

which (hall not be boarded in manner aforefaid, it (halt and may be lawful for the gate-keeper at every gate on the faid road, to demand and take, over and above the otl *r tolls hereby appointed, the fum of one (hilliirg for every fuch car, every time it (hall pafs through any of the faid gates, in like manner, and with the fame remedies, upon refuCal, as in cafe of any other toll under this a6t payable at any turnpike-gate on the faid road; and the owner or owners of every car loaden as aforefaid, without being boarded a9 aforefaid, (hall for every fuch car forfeit the fum of ten (hillings, upon convi&ion on the oath of one credible witnefs, before any juflice of the peace within bis jurifdi&ion, or any coramiffioner a&ing by virtue of and under this a&, which fufti (hall be levied in the manner before di-redted.	.	.

XL. And be it further ena&ed, That if any driver or perfon in care of any car, cart, dray, or waggon, fave only ca.r9' Ac- ridinS fuch as are refpe&ively drawn by one norfe oily, or by two horfes a-breaft, with bridles in their mouths, and oonducled ftruding paf- ^ or driven by fome perfon holding the reins of fuch bridle, fage, Sec. ^s (hall ride upon the fame, or any part of the faid road, not kciein. having fome other perfon on foot, or’on horfeback, to guide the fame; or if the driver or perfon in care of any carriage (ball by negligence or wilful mifbehaviour hinder, obffrud, or interrupt the paffage of any other carriage, or any of his Majefty’s fubje&s on the faid road; or if the driver or per-fon in care of any empty or unloaded, car, cart, or other carriage, (hall refufc or negle£l to turn afide, and make way for any coach, chariot, chaife, loaded waggon, cart, car, dray, or other loaded carriage, every fuch perfon being con-vi&ed thereof by hifc own confeiOon, or by the oath of any one credible witnefs, before-any juftice or the peace, or commifBoner under this a&, (hall for every fuch offence, if fuch offender be not the owner of fuch carriage, he (hall forfeit thrfum of twenty (hillings, and every fuch offender (hall, on non-paynpent thereof, be committed by warrant under the hand and feal of a juftice of peace or'commif-fioner, to the gaol or houle of corre&ion, of the county wherein fuch offence (hall be committed, there to be kept to hard labour fot any time not exceeding one month, or until the faid fine be paid; and every fuch; offender or perfon in care of fuch carriage offending in any of the faid cafes, may, by the authority of this a&, an3 without any warrant, be apprehended by any perfon who (hall fee fuch offence committed, and be conveyed or delivered to a con-llable or other peace officer, to be conveyed before fuch j office of the peace, or commiiioner of the (aid road.

XU. And

Drivers of

Digitized by LjOOQle

The thirty-fifth Tear of George III.

XLT. And be it further enafted by the authority afore*, faid, That in cafe any perfon or perfons (hall refill or make forcib le oppolition again ft any perfon or perfens employed in the due execution of this aft, or (hall a {fault any collector of the tolls in the execution of his or their office or offices, or (hall make or attempt to make any refeue of cattle, carriage, or other goods di drained or feized, by virtue of this aft; or if any con liable or fub-con liable (hall refufe or or con (table ne- ucgleft to execute any warrant granted by any juft ice, or by glc&mg to exe- any eommiffioner purfuant to the direftions of this aft, forfeit not ex- ’ <vcr7 fuch perfon offending therein, and being convifted ceeding icl. nor thereof, before any juftice of the peace, or eommiffioner, left than 40sJkc. by his or her own confeflion, or by the oath of one credible witnefe, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit any fum not exceeding ten pounds, nor lefs than forty (hillings, at the diferetion of fuch juftice or eommiffioner, and in cafe the fame (hall not be immediately paid, fuch juftice or commif-fioner is hereby, empowered and required, on conviftion before him, to commit the offender to the common gaol or lioufe of correftion of the county wherein the offence (hall be committed; there to remain for any time not exceeding three months, unlcfs the faid forfeiture (hall be fponer paid.

XLII. And be it further enafted by the authority afor$-feid. That all fines, penalties and forfeitures, impofed for any offence committed againft this aft, the manner of levying and applying which is not herein particularly direft-ed, (hall and may be levied by dillrefs and fale of the of-°aol°foini,ttC^ t0 ^en<^ers g00^8* *>y warrant under tlie hand and feal of the months 6tc commifiioner or juftice before whom the offender (hall be convifted, by the oath of one credible \$itnefs, or his or her own confeflion ; and in cafe of non-payment thereof, or of any fine or penalty which (hall be impofed by the authority of this aft, the offender (hall be committed by any juftice of the peace of the county wherein the offence (hall have been committed, or any commiflioner afting under this aft, by warrant under his hand and feal, to the common gaol or houfe of correftion of the county where the offence (hall be committed, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding three months, or until the faid fine, forfeiture or penalty be paid; and every fuch fine, forfeiture or penalty, when paid, (hall be applied by fuch juftice ofthe peace or commiflioner, in rewarding the informer or parties convicl-ing, and the conftables or other perfons affifting, or partly in one and partly in the other, for the purpofes aforefaid, as to fuch juftice of the peace or commiflioners (hall feem proper.

XLIII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That every commiflioner or juftice of the peace,

(hall

All fines, Src. not othc.nvifc before directed. Shall fc levied by diftrefa and fale,

Refitting or affaulting colleger,

or attempting refene,

Digitized by

Google

Commiffioneja

The thirty-fifth Tear of George III.

fhall have power within his jurifdiftion, to adminifter all oaths which are hereby required or direfted, or which may be neceflary for the purpofes of this aft, and if any perfon (hall take or fitbfcribe any oath or affirmation prescribed or empowered to be taken by virtue of, or in purfuance of this a£l, or for the purpofes of carrying this aft into execution, J^lnSmSSroiSit and fhall therein wilfully affirm, or fwear falfely, every jn execution of fuch perfon fhall, upon conviftion, fuffer the pains and pe- a&, nalties enafted againft perfons guilty of wilful and corrupt j^d perfons

peijury.	#	-	,	.	deemed guilty

XIAV. And be it further enafted by the authonty of perjury, aforefaid, That in all cafes where any oath is preferibed or	Where oath

mentioned in this aft, the' affirmation of the party, if he ^ken, affirmati-or fhe be a quaker, fhall and may be made or taken in the ftJino^be Cr place of fuch oath.	taken for like

^ XLV. And be it further enafted by the authority afore- purpofe. faid, That when any diftrefs fhall be made for any fum or Diftrefs taken fums of money to be levied by virtue of this aft, the dif- of form^ trefs itfelf fhall not be deemed unlawful, nor the party or but perfons agl parties making the fame be deemed a trefpaffer ortref- grieved may repairers on account of any default or want of form in any cow damage*, proceedings relating thereto, nor fhall the party or parties diflraining, be deemed a trefpaffer or trefpafTers, ah initio9 on account of any irregularity which fhall be afterwards done by the party or parties diflraining, but the perfon or per-fons aggrieved by fuch irregularity may recover full fatisfac-tion for the fpecial damage in an aftion on the cafe.

XLVI. And be it further enafted, That all and every All the prefent part of the prefent line of faid road, and of any new line ^be Ad/cJt to* of road to be made purfuant to the powers and in virtue of this and.no other this aft, fhall be within and fubjeft to the powers of this ait. aft, and of no other law whatfoever.

XLVII. And be it further enafted, That the faid com- Commiffioner3, miffioners, and each and every overfeer who fhall be ap- &c* rctpe& pointed by the faid commiflioners, fhall, in refpeft to the jhalfhavTall faid road, have the like power and authorities as any of the overfeers appointed under any of the laws now in force, or which may be hereafter made for the amending, repairing, or making the public roads, now have, or arc, or ihall be entitled unto.

XLVIII. And whereas three hundred debentures of fifty pounds each, amounting in the whole to the fum of fifteen RicrJ	for

thoufand pounds fterling, bearing intereft at the rate of	at51.

five pounds ten (billings fterling by the hundred by the 10s. per cent, iar year, were iftiied fo long fince as the year one thoufand jerett, flee, as (even hundred and thirty-three, upon the credit of the tolls crcm* of faid road, and ftill ftand out unpaid, and an arrear of in-tereft is due thereon; and whereas the fund ariling from '	the

powers given under any law.

Recites 300 debentures for-

Digitized by Google

The thirty-fifth Velar of George III.

A. D.

^795-

Chap. 43

Provided the following mim* belt,

the {aid tolls is now, and for fome time paft, hath bees found infuiHcier.t to anfwcr for difeharging the faid interefb* and for the repairing and keeping in repair the whole of the faid road, and for other necelfery and contingent expencea in the execution of the faid former afts ; and the faid road is now in many parts in a ruinous and almoft im pa (Table (late* and will require a very large fum of money to be expended thereon, in widening and putting the fame into complete repair: and whereas the fecurity on which the faid fum of fifteen thoufand pounds fterling was lent, would expire with the termination of the faid feveral recited a&s of parliament, by which the creditors holding faid debentures would ceafe to have any lien on the tolls of faid road, and although it is fit and proper to continue filch fecurity fbr their benefit, fo far as is confident with the making and completing the repairs of faid road, yet the fame cannot be effefted without reducing the intered heretofore payable on the faid debentures, fo as that the income ariiing from the tolls of faid road, may in future be adequate as well to difeharge the intered of faid debt, as to defray the neceflary expeoccs of widening and repairing the faid road, and of carrying into execution, for the public benefit, the purpofes of this aft; be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid* That from and after the fixteenth day of January, which was in the year of our Lord, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, no further or other intered than at the rate of four pounds by the hundred, by the year, from that day, (hall be paid or payable upon any part of the faid debt of fifteen thoufand pounds, fecured by the debentures heretofore iflued, fave only on fuch of them as are herein after particulaily mentioned; and if from that day to the palling of this aft, any higher rate of intereft from the fame day upon any of the faid debentures, fave fuch as are herein after particularly mentioned, (hall be paid, that the ex-cefs of fuch payment, over and above the (aid rate of four pounds per centum per annum, (hall, out of the next payment of intered of the fame debentures, be deduced and retained for the purpofes of this aft, fo that all perfons entitled to the faid debentures, (hall in refpeft to intered from that day, be placed upon an equal footing, except as herein after excepted.

XLIX Provided always neverthelefs, That in as much as the following debentures, which heretofore amongft others had iflued in virtue of the (aid before recited afts of parliament, and bearing the following numbers, that is to fey* number thirty-feven, number thirty-eight, number thirty-nine, number forty, number two hundred and feventy-eight, number two hundred and feventy-niae, number two hundred

and

\

Digitized by

Google

12 r

The thirty-fifth Tear of George IIL

•nd eighty, number two hundred and eighty*one, number A. D.

two hundred and eighty-two, number two hundred and	1795

eighty-three, number two hundred and eighty-four, number Chap. 43.

two hundred andv eighty-five, number two hundred and

eighty-fix, number two hundred and eighty-feven, number [0I; Sol. each,

two hundred'and eighty-eight, number two hundred and t^."f all ^

eighty-nine, number two hundred and ninety, number two amounting to

hundred and ninety-one, number two hundred and ninety- 1150I. bearing

two, plumber two hundred and ninety-three, number two 5l*.108 Per cent.

hundred and ninety-four, number two hundted and ninety- charUablc^fes^

nine, and number three hundred, each for the principal continue at ori-

fum of fifty pounds fterling, being twenty-three in num- ginal intereft of

her, amounting in the whole to .the fum of one thoufand 51-2 per cent,

one hundred and fifty pounds, and bearing intereft at

the rate of five pounds ten (hillings by the hundred, by the

year, are now veiled in and become the a&ual property of

certain trtiflees or bodies corporate, as donations to, and

for the ufe and benefit of certain chanties; be it enafted

by the authority aforefaid, That the fame fhall not be fub-

je& to any reduftion with refpeft to the rate of intereft

thereon, fo long as the fame fhall continue to the ufe and

benefit of fuch charities refpedively, for which the fame

are now vefted as aforefaid, but that each and every of the

faid before numbered debentures fhall, in the hands of fuch

truftees or Jodies corporate as aforefaid, ftill continue to

bear intereft at the rate of five pounds ten (hillings by the

hundred, by the year.

L. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That Commiffioners from and after the paffing of this a&, it fhall and may be lawful for the find commiffioners, or any five or more of newfpap«rs fhall them, by a notice to be inferted in two of the public newf- call on holders papers in the city of Dublin, to he continued therein at of debentures, leaft twice in each week, for the fpace of two fucceffive f*re ex crated*^ months, and to be figned by the regifter of the faid com- and enumerated, miffioners, to call upon each' and every of the holders of the to bring in and faid debentures heretofore iflued for the whole of the faid depofite with re-fum of fifteen thoufand pounds, fave only and except fuch	Feb.6*

of them as herein before particularly enumerated, to the 1706, *he old-* amount of one thoufand one hundred and fifty pounds, and debenture#, &«* mentioned to have been invefted in truft for charities as aahcrcin« aforefaid, aUd to require each holder of the faid debentures, fave as aforefaid, to bring in and depofite with the regifter of the faid road, each and every of the faid debentures, fave as aforefaid, on or before the fifteenth day of Febrti-, ary, which will be in the year of our Lord, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-fix, when each and every holder of the faid debentures fhall be entitled and accordingly be paid out of fuch fund as fhall arife from the produce of the

Digitized by ^ooQie

222

Commiffioners after Jan. 1796, may iffue new debentures, directed to trea-furer, requiring him to pay to holder the growing intereft at ^1. per cent, per annum till principal paid off in one fum, &,c, as hcicin.

The thirty fifth Tear of George III.

faid tolls, all intereft due on (aid debentures refpe&ively, t# and for the fifteenth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, at the rate of five pounds ten (hillings by the hundred, by the year, and thence at the rate of four pounds by the hundred, by the year, to and for the fixteenth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-fix, fubjedf to deduction for excefs of payment of intereft as aforefaid, and in lieu of, or exchange of faid original debentures which (hall be then lacerated or cancelled* that the faid owners thereof (hall receive other debenture* to be iffiied in manner as herein after direfted, for fecuring a like fum, bearing intereft at the rate of four poilnds by* the hundred, by the year, from the fixteenth dayof January, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-fix; and In cafe there (hall not be then money fufficient in the hand* of the faid commiffioners, or of their treafurer, to pay off fuch arrear of intereft at the rates aforefaid, fo then due upon the faid feveral original debentures, to and for the faid fixteenth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-fix, that then it (hall be lawful for the laid commif-boners, or any five of them, at a board to be for that pur-pofe held, whereof notice (liall be given in manner as herein mentioned with refpe& to convening meetings of the faid commiffioners, to iftue an order or warrant to their trea-furcr, dirc&ing him to pay to each and every of the holders of the faid debentures, fuch arrear of intereft as (hall appear to be really and bona fide due, to and for the fixteenth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred aud ninety-fix aforefaid, on each of them refpc&ively, at the refpe&ive rates aforefaid, by equal gales and proportions, until the whole thereof (hall be difeharged out of fuch fums as (hall in virtue of his office firft come to, or be in his hands: provided neverthelefs, That the payment fo to be made by the faid treafurer, on account of the faid arrear, (hall be made in equal diltribution, fo that each and every creditor or holder of faid debentures (hall receive his or her intereft to one particular day, without preference or partiality to one more than another.

LI. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That it ihall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiffioners, or any five of them, from and after the fifteenth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-fix, to make out warrants or debentures, to bear date the fixteenth day of the fame month, and to be figned by them, and coun-terfigned by their regifter, and which faid warrants or debentures (hall be directed to the*tveafurer of the tolls of faid road, thereby requiring him to pay thereout to the perfoa or perfons named in fuch warrant or debentures, their executors,

Digitized by

Google

The thirty-fifth Tear of George III.

cutors, adminiftrators or afTigns, the growing in t ere ft of the film of money mentione4 in fuch warrant or debenture, at the rate of four pounds by the hundred, by the year, from the date of each debenture, as the fame (hall from time to time become due, until fuch time as the principal fum mentioned in fuch warrant or debenture fhall be paid off and difeharged at one entire paymentfuch warrants and debentures not to be charged or chargeable with any ftamp or other duties, by a£l of parliament impofed on any deeds, writings, or other fecurities for money ; provided that no warrant or debenture to be iffued to the faid treafurer by virtue of this a&, (hall be for any greater fum than fifty pounds fterling.

JL.I1. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-faid. That all and every perfon and perfons, to whom fuch warrants or debentures (hall be given, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or afligns may, by endorsement on fuch warrants or debentures not fubjedl or liable to any ftamp or other duty, transfer the right and benefit of the fum mentioned in fuch warrants or debentures, which endorsements, upon notice to the regifter of the faid commif-fioners, and entry thereof made in a book to be kept for that purpofe, which the faid regifter fhall upon requell and on payment of one (hilling Britifh, make accordingly, and fhall on requeft permit the fame to be viewed at reafonable hours on payment of the like fee, lhall entitle the endorfee or aflignee, his or her executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, to the foie benefit accruing from the fum fo transferred or af-figned; and that the faid warrant or debenture may in like manner be afligned or transferred by fuch aflignee, his or her executors or adminiftrators, and fo toties quoties; and that after fuch afiignment, it fhall not be in the power of the perfon or perfons who made fuch afiignment, to make void and releafe, or difeharge fuch afiignment, or the fum thereby transferred or afligned, or jmy part thereof.

LIU. Provided always, That no holder or owner of any debentures fhall be at liberty to call in, or fue for the principal money contained in luch debenture or warrant without the confent of the faid commiflioners, or any five of them, in cafe the intereft thereof, at the rate aforefaid, fhall be paid on demand, one yearly gale before another fhall become due, but that in cafe of default of payment of fuch intereft in manner aforefaid, that then it fhall be lawful for the holder of each warrant or debenture, to take fuch proceedings for enforcing the payment thereof, as by law •r in equity he may be intitled unto, any tiling herein

before

Perfons to whom debentures iffued may aflign or transfer fame by endorfement in regifter’9 book, paying Xs. fee.

No holder to call in debentures, without confent of com-mifliouers.

Digitized by Google

Recite* propofol of Meflr*. Anderfon and Wfbb.

commiffioneM may contract with faid Anderfon and Webb.

The thirty-ffth Tear Gfeoige III.

before contained to the contrary thereof notwithfhn&t ing.

LIV. And whereas John Anderfon, of the city of Cork, merchant, and George Webb of Athlone, in the county of Weftmeath, gentleman, proprietors of coaches conveying Iris Majefly’s mails to and from feveral parts of this kingdom, and particularly from Dublin to Galway by the afbre-faid road, and from Dublin to Mullingar, aid propofe to the former truftees of the faid laft mentioned road, to contrail with them for effefling and compleating the total repairs of the faid road from Dublin to Mullingar, and to widen the fame, where the fame (hould hereafter be found neceflary, within a limited time to be agreed upon ; and to covenant and contrail to expend on fuch work, a fum of ten thoufand pounds fterling, and to fink the fame for ever, .without requiring any debentures or other fecurity for the fame, or for the repayment thereof, and to keep the whole of the faid road in effeilual repair, for the term of thirty-one years, from the date.of fuch contrail ; and alfo, to pay over to the faid truftees or their treafurer, the annual fum of one thoufand one hundred pounds fterling, from the date of fuch cdhtrail, to be applied by the faid trofteet, and under their orders, in ^charging the yearly iirtereft on the original debt of fifteen thoufand pounds, and for payment of officers falaries and contingent expences, provided that the faid truftees (hould aflign over the whole toll of the faid read, intended to be levied by virtue of fuch future ail of parliament as (hould be for that purpofe obtained, unto the find contrailors, with all powers of levying the fame, during' the whole of the faid term of thirty-one years ; and the more effeitually to enfure a completion of the intended improvements on the faid road within a limited term, did propofe, that in default thereof, the tolls fo t6 be to them affigned, fhould be fubjeit to fequeftration, with power to furrendcr fuch contrail, on giving twelve months notice, and proving a previous expenditure of five thoufand pounds at in the repairing and amending the faid road: And *hereao die faid truftees at a public* board for that ptlrpofe dtly convened, did affent and agree to the faid propofol, fo fat at they were or (hould be thereafter by law empowered fb to do; be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That it fmB be lawful far the faid comuriftoners, or any five of them, to enter iMo fuch contrail or contrails founded om the faid before recited propofal, fitbje& to fuch variations as they (hall think fit, to and with the (aid John Anderfou aod George Webb, their executors, administrators, am) ai« figas, or m cafe of default by them, or failure, or aoa-per. fcrmauca thereof, to and with fuch other perfoo or perion*

Digitized by L^OOQle

OOQOl. OUt Of

The thirty fifth Tear of 6eorge tit.

at they fhall think fit; provided neverthelefs* that good and fufficient fecurity (hall be firft taken by the faid commiffi* oners, for the full aud effe#ual performance of fuch contra# or contra#s.

LV. And be it ena#ed by the-authority aforefaid, That in order to create an auxiliary fund towards difcharge of jhe^^opooMo the debt^now affe#ing the tolls, it fhall be lawful for the \>c applied ill dif-commillioners, or any hve of them, in cafe they fhall enter charge of debts, into fuch contract or contra#s as herein before mentioned, with the faid John Anderfon and George Webb, or with any other perfon or perfons in their dead, founded oh the fame, or the like propofal herein before mentioned for corn-pleating the repairs of the faid road, to order that a fum not exceeding two thoufand pounds, part of the fum of ten thoufand pounds, thereby propofed to be expended in vir* tue of, and under fuch contract, to be applied in difcharge of the debts now due by the former truftpes, and hereby provided for, and dire#ed to be paid off and difeharged, and that provifions for fo doing fhall be inferted in fuch contra# or contrads, in fuch manner as the faid commiffi*-oners fhall think fit; provided neverthelefs, that no part of the faid fum of two thoufand pounds, fhall be applied to the payment or difcharge of the principal films due by the outftanding debentures of faid road.

LVI. And whereas many parts of the faid road are too narrow, and require to be widened, and alfo to have footpaths made upon, or adjoining the fame, and in many places the faid road might be made fhorter, and in more dire# lines, or more level by avoiding hills ; be it ena#ed by tbe ^ommiffionets authority aforefaid. That it fhall and may be lawful for the may agree with faid commiffioners, or any five or more of them, to agree proprietors of with the fcveral proprietors, occupiers and pcrfon9 intereft- £round as hcf«-cd in the feveral lands, tenements, buildings, houfes, grounds, m* or hereditaments adjoining fuch parts of the faid road, a;i fhall require to be widened, altered, or fhortened, for fo much of the faid lands, tenements, houfes, buildings, grounds, or hereditaments, as may be rteceflary to be added to the faid road ; and the faid commiffioners, or any five or more of them, ^by and with the confent of the occupier of the ground adjoining or contiguous to the road, or which otherwife may be moll convenient thereto, may afeertain, deferibe, and fet apart fuch part and proportion of the faid lands, as the find commiffioners, or any five or more of them, fhall judge ncccflary for carrying the fame in lines more convenient to travellers, and to fence the Tides thereof, and to open and make the fame as and for the high road, and that the fame fhall accordingly thenceforth be, and remain part of the high way, and that from the time fuch

You X-	P	road

Digitized by v^-ooQie

Tbe thirty ffsfi Tear ef George iff.

toad/haH be made and ojAitui, fi:ch occupier or occupier^ (ball enjoy To much of the old ivd as Audi he fi* altered -or changed* as fatwfadtion and exchange of foch ground to be made ule of in the ir.akir.fr fuch new road, the fame perfon or perfons being the occ piers of tire oW and new toad, to be exchanged or given in fatisfy&ion as aforefcid ? rind that from the time fuch new road ffiall be made pafTabte purfmnt to this a£f, the occupier or occupiers may at his* bt r, or their expence, enclofc or fence np fuch old road, and? that the old rbad fo erclofed and fenced, fhafl not be flabld to be laid open.

LVII And he it further ena&ed by the riuthoriry aforr-feud, That it (hall be lawful for all bodies politick, corporate demife ground*, or collegiate, corporations aggregate or foie, executors, ad-r° nuniftrators, or guardians, and committees or othei trull ers, ^Cm L *9 nut only on behalf of themfclves, but alfo on behalf of ttjhaque trails,- infants, iflue unborn, lunaticks, idiots, frmet covertly or other perfons, and for all femes coverts feized in their own right, and for all perfons having an eftate for life, with remainder in tail, and for ah and every perfon or perfons who are or Avail be feized, poffefled of, or mterefod m any ground which flinU be neceffary for the pnrpiWe aforefaid, to demife and kafe, or fell and Convey the fame to the faid commiffionerB, either by private agreement with them, or any five < f them, or by valuations of a juiy as herein after directed j and eH leaks, faks and conveyances which fhaH he fo mude, /hall be valid to aH intents ard pur* pofos, any law, flat ate or'tvfeg'e, or any other matter or thing whatfoever to the contrary' thereof in a?<y wifo not-withflardmg, and all feoffees in titift, executors, edminif* trators, guardians, committees or truftees, corporations aggregate or lok, and all other perfons are and fhall be heie-in4f itmifird for what they (half do by virtue of, or hi pur-' fuaecc of this aCl.

JLV11I. And be it further crafted, That if fuel o\V»er, occu^itr*	proprietor,	occupiei,	commiffioncr or, ccm midi oners, ccir>

afrrr notice ffiittee or committees, bodies politick,’ corporate or eollegi-givt-n as herein, ate, aggregate or foie, or any other perfon or peTftms, in rriule to demife, any wifo interefted in any fuch lands, tenements, buildings, $rc. conimifli- houfes, grounds or hereditaments, not being an orchard, ITury L'aiJiT- yard, or planted walk, lawn or avenue, upon fourteen days tain recommence, notice to them given or left in Writing at the dwelling honfe Ac,	or honfes, or place or places of abode of foch perfon or perfons,

or at the head officer or officers of fuch body poKtick* corporate or collegiate, aggregate or foie, or at the henft of the tenant in pofkffion of fuch lands, tenements, houfes, buildings, grounds, or hereditaments, except as before excepted,. ih«& negk& ei refute to deimfe a leate, for fuch

term

iib

A

D.

1795-Cbap. 43.

Bodies poli. fick, '■ c may

Digitized by v^ooQle

The thirty-f^th Tear of George III.	%i

term as the faid commiflloners or any five of them (hall re- A. D. quire', and which they are hereby empowered to gVarit at 179J. inch rent as fhall be deemed reafonabfe, Or fhafl not agree Chap. 4^ for the fale of, and accordingly corttey rtny ftzch lands, te-nements, houfes, grounds, and hereditaments, part or parts thereof, or their in t ere ft therein, or, by reafon of abterice,

(hall be prevented from treating or agreeing a*, aforefaid, then and in any of fuch cafes, the faid dorftinimcmers or any five or more of them, fhafl caufe it to be enquired int0, arid ascertained by and upon the oath of the jury of twelve indifferent men of the county wherein the lands and prettiififs lie, which oath any three or more of fuch commilftonets afe lieveby empowered and required to adminifter, what annual rent fnall be paid, or what recofnpenfe (hall be made Cofucli owYiers, occupiers, or proprietors, or other perfdn of pef-fons interefted for, or upon account of the widening of any fuc a road ; and in order thereunto the faid cOmmiffionerg, Or any five or.more of ti.em, are empowered and required from time to tinre, as there (hall be ocefcfion, to furfittion and call before the faid jury, and examine upon oaflt, all petforis what foever who fhali be 'thought ricceflhry or proper to be examined as witnefles* touching or concerning the premifes, which o3th any five or more of fuch refpe$ive commifiionefs are hereby im powered and required to adminifter; and if any of the parties interefted fit alt reqjueft t^e fame, (hall alfo canfe tlie faid jury to view the place or places in queftiori, and fhall ufe all other lawful ways and means, as well’ for their, as for the faid jmies, better information in the prC- 1 mifi-s ; and after the faid jury fhall have fo enquired and fettled fuch rent or recompense, they the faid coromiftloner§, or any five or more of them, may accept^of, and execute a leafe of4 leafes for fuch term, a:id at fuch reht tfs fhall be agreed on or afeertained in manner aforefuid ; or in cafe the premifes are to be purehafed, rtlaV thereupon accept a conveyance, and* order and adjudge the fum or fufflS of money O agreed upon or a Hefted by the jury, for fuch purchases, fo be paid to the perfons interefted in fuch hands, tenements, buildings, houfes, grounds, or he»editamehts, except as be fore excepted, according to private agreement, or to the verdi& aad inquiiition of fuch jury. Which agreement arid conveyance, or verdief or inquiiition, and the order and adjudication fo had arid made, being enrolled at the infiance of the faid commifflv)ricrs, or any five of them, in the roils office of the high court of chancery, flisfll be final and conclu-five to all intents and purpofes again ft all parties or perfons whatfoever, claiming in poffrffion, reverfioil, remainder or, otherwife, their heirs, executors or adminiftrators, and fuc-ceflors refpe&ivtfy, as well abfent as prefent, infants, femes ' P 2	eaverts,

Digitized by v^ooQie

z''

228

Tlje thirty-fifth Tear of George III.

coverti, lunaticks, idiots, and perfons under any other dif-ability, bodies politick, coroorate, collegiate, aggregate or fok, as well as all other perlon or perfons whomioever ; and every fuch owner, occupier, and proprietor, and all and every perfon and perfons mterefted in fuch lands, tenement^ buildings, houfes, grounds, or hereditaments, fo demifed or purenafed as aforefaid, (hall thereby be from thenceforth, to all intents and purpofes, fubjeft to fuch leafe or leafes as (hall be made thereof; or if (old, (hall be divefted of all rights, claims, interefts, or property of, in, to, or out of the Came 5 and for the fummoning and returning of fuch jury and juries, the faid commiflioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby empowered from time to time, to iffhe their warrant or warrants to the (heriff of the county in which the faid lands (hall lie, thereby requiring him to impannd, fummon and return an indifferent jury of not lefa,than twenty-four perfons, to appear before the faid commiffioners, or any five or more of them, at fuch time and place as in fuch warrant (hall be appointed, of which time and place all perfons interefted (hall have fourteen days notice, previous to the meeting of fuch jury, given or left in manner aforefaid, and the (aid (heriff is hereby required to impannel, fummon and return fuch twenty-four perlons accordingly ; and out of the perfons fo empanneUed, lummonedand returned, or out of luch of them as (hall appear, faid commilfioners, or five or more of them, (hall caufe to be fworn twelve, who (hall be the jury for the purpofes aforefaid, and for default of a fufficient number of jury men, the (aid (heriff (hall, if required by the (aid commilfioners, or aivr five of them, return fo many (tanders-by as (hall be neceflary to make up the number of twelve, to ferve on fuch jury ; provided always, that all perfons concerned, (hall have their lawful challenges, but not to challenge the array of the panel againff any ofthe faid jury men, when they come to he fworn j and the faid commilfioners, or any five or more of them, afting in the premifes, (hall have power from time to time, to impofe any reafonable fine or fines, not exceeding five pounds ffcrling, for any one fine, on fuch • Iheriffs, bailiffs or agent, as (hall make default in the premifes, and on any of the perfons that (hall be fummoned and returned on fuch panel, and (ball not appear, or (hall refufc to be fworn on fuch jury, or to give their verdid, or in any manner wilfully (hall negleft their duty therein, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this aft 5 and on any of the perfons required to give evidence touching the premifes, who (hall refufe to be examined or give evidence 5 and from time to time to iffue their warrant to levy fuch fine and fiat? off the goods

Digitized by V^rOOQle

The thirty-fifth Tear of George III.	I2<y

and chatties of fuch perfon fo fined, wherever they may be found.

LIX. And be it further cnaded, That all luch fums of money as (hall be agreed for, or aflefTed as aforefaid, whether for annual rent, or for the purchafe of fuch houfes, lands, tenements, buildings, grounds or hereditaments, fo fcffed or agreed to be taken or made part of the faid road, by being added purc^af/moncy, thereto for any of the purpofes aforefaid, may be paid out ^ay be paid out of the produce of the tolls arifing by virtue of this ad ; and of tolls, that upon payment of the annual rent or purchafe money fo agreed for or aifefTed, or tender thereof, and refufal to accept the fame ; or in cafe any perfon entitled to receive the fame, (hall, after fourteen days notice given qr left at his or her houfe, or at the houfe of the tenant or occupier of fuch ground, refufe or negled to receive the fame, and to execute a proper leafe or deed of conveyance to the faid commiffioners, according to the nature and circumftances of the agreement or afTeflment, or in cafe the title (hall be disputed ; then, upon the faid rent or purchafe money being by order of the faid commillioners lodged in the bank of Ireland, under an order on petition to the high court of chancery, it (hall be lawful for the faid commiffioners, their workmen and labourers, to add fuch houfes and grounds to. the faid road, in order to widen them, or to make fooU paths thereon, without the let, hindrance, or interruption* of any perfon whatfoever.

LX. And be it further enaded by the authority afore- Commiffioners faid, That the faid commiffioners (hall have full power, and empowered to. they are hereby authorized to fwear each jury, and to ad- fwearjpryand: minifter all oaths neceffary for the examining into, and af-. examine witnef-certaining the rents to be payable, or the purchafe money to fc*on oat ». c* be paid as aforefaid, or in any way refpeding fuch trial and* examination.

LXI. And be it further enaded by the authority aforer Rents to be {aid, That the rents fo to be agreed for or affefled as afore- agreed on or Caid, (hall be paid from time to time, as the fame (hall become^ affeffed, (hall be due, out of the tolls of the faid roads, by half-yearly pay-. ments, to the perfon or perfons who (hall be entitled there-. ^ unto, the firft payment thereof to begin and be made at the ^ end of fix calendar months next after fuch ground (hall be taken and be poffeffed by the faid commiffioners as afore-, faid, and the perfon. or perfons^ entitled to receive the fame,.

(hall during the continuance of this ad, have the fome cf-tate and intereft in fuch rents as he, (he,, or they would have* had in the laid grounds in cafe this ad never had been made and in default of payment thereof, the faid commiffioners,, within thirty days after the fame (hall become due, and (hall! have beep deuaanded of. the treafurer of the foid commifr>

fioners^

All Turns mf-

Digitized by LjOOQle

Provided tods not incurred by hi* own default.

order made on petition and afluia-

flee.

So fo«n as affiffment made, commiffioners may take pof-

feflion -x

•n fuels demand, if fheriff refufc, liable to attachment.

ThetlAriy-Jfflh YtarofQwrgt fll.

ftdntn, ij (hall and may be kr#fu\ far tie perfon or perfon* who (hall from time to time be entitled to the faid rents, or any of them, to commence or profecute one or more acliwis at law on the cafe, or in debt agninft fuch treafurer on account of fuch rent, and jhall and may upon inch aftion or a&ions recover the money then due, together with his, her, or thefr fuH eofts of Juft, and have fuch remedies for the fame a$ are allowed by law in other c^fo% which faid money and cofts fo recovered, when paid, may be allowed to fuch treafurer in liis account with the (hid commiffioners.

LXII Provided always, neverthelcfs, That fuch tm-fdrer fhall not be allowed in fuch account, any cofts attendant on fuch fuit or fufts, In cafe it (hall appear to the faid commiffioners, or any five of them, that fuch cofts hare been incurred by the wilful default or negiedt of the faid treafurer, and that he fhall hare omitted to pay the fum or foms fa recovercd> when he ba9 been been in poffcfllon of a fufficienf fond, and had been bound or ordered tp pay and difeharge the fame ; apd if any of the faid rents fhafl at any time be in arrear and unpaid for the fpace of fix months after the fame ought to be paid, a court of equity, upon application in manner herein after mentioned* (hall appoint a receiver to receive fo much of the tolls as fhall be (ufficient to pay the fame, together with fuch fees or falary as fhall be appointed by the court for fuch receiver, as alfo the ncceffary cofts out of pocket of fuch application.

LXHL And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That fuch order lhaft be made upon petition and affidavit, tfr ttr reafonable time given to the faid commiffioners^ or their treafurer, to (hew caufe.

LXIV. And be i‘ ena&cd by the authority aforefaid, That fo foon as an affeffrnent (hall by made as aforefaid, by any fuch jury, it (hull be lawful for the faid commiffioners, by them-fetves or their officers, or bv any perfon or perfons, by the faid commiffioners, or any five or more of them, employed to take pofleffion of the grounds fo afteffed, and the fheriff is hereby required upon demand, and in virtue erf a precept to fee to him for thajt purpofo dircdled by the faid commiffioners, or any five or more of them, under their hands and foals, in cafo it (hall be found neceffery to fffiie the fame, to give the poffoflion of fuch grounds as fhall be "therein mentioned and deferibed ; and in cafe of fuch refnfal by fuch (hcriff on fuchi demand* and tender of flich like foe as by hw i& ufnal to be given to a fheriff on executing a writ habere facias pojfejjl-onerriy within ten days after delivery of fuch precept, to execute and obey the fame, that then fuch fheriff (halt, on application againft him, in cafe he fhall appear to be in defaun* fee fubjedt to fhdi puniffimerit, by rate or attachment,

at

Digitized by Google

I

The thirty-fifth Tear of George ill.

as..upoa complaint to his Majefty’s court of King’s beneh, fliall appear lit and proper to be in fuch cafe awarded or im-pofcd.

LXV. And wheraas a continuance of the line of road galled Conyngham road, leading from the city of Dublin, by the fide of his Majefty’s park called the Phoenix Park, to £he town of Chapelized, wall tend much to the improver ment of fo publick an avenue, and the fame being in many p^rts too narrow for the concourfe of pafiengers travelling on the faid road, it is abfolutely nepefiary for the fafety and advantage of the publick, that the fame ffyall be widened, which cannot be ene&cd without altering the prefent line, by carrying the fame through part of the faid park, and through other grounds and waited enclofures belonging to pertain individuals, and it is expedient, in cafe they {hall be permitted to pafa through the fame, to enable the laid com* miflioners to purfue flye faid line of road ; be it therefore ea-a&ed by the authority aforefaid, That it {hall and may be lawful for the faid commifiioners, or any five of them, to yviden, make, grave} and repair the f*pd road, according to fuch line or furvey thereof as fhall beagreed on, of the breadth of eightyYeet at the kail, and to defray the expenccs thereof put or the tolls to be kyie<] in viitue of this a61.

L.XVI. Provided always. That fuph h‘le of road fhall not pncroach upon, or enter into any part of the faid Phoenix Park, without the leave of his Majefty, or the lord lieutenant or other chief governor oy. governed of this kingdom, being firll for that purpofe had and obtained; nor through any wallcd-in grounds without like leaye of the perfon or perfons owning and occupying the fame, and who fhall be pompeufated for the fame, in manner as by this act elit e 6le4 ji) other cafes of funning new lines of road.

LXVTI. And whereas to carry into effe-ft the intent and . pieaning of this a61, it is reqnifite tp add to the powers vcfl-. cd in grand juries, by an act of the thirty-fecund year of his prefent Majetly, entitled, An act for improving and laprg in repair thepojt roads of this kingdom ; be it further enaCtcd by the authority aforeiaid, That it {hall be lawful for the grand jury <jf the county of Dublin, at Ealler and Michael-frnas term, and for the refpe6tiye grand juries of the counties of Kildare, Meath and Weiimeath, at any afli.e^ which fhall be holdeq after the palling, and during the continuance of this act, to prefent that fuch fum or fums of money as (hall be requifite, lhall be raifed on fuch county ?t large, to he expended in building, lebuilding, enlarging, jepainng, or altering any bridge, or pari of a bridge, acrul's any ftream or river fnterfe&ing any part of the prefent line the (aid road, or of any new line or road which in vii tue .	'	“	of

Recites a continuance of tine of wad, called Conynghvm road, will he a {Treat improve* ment, and need! ary for the purpofe* herein.

Provided (aid line of road fhall not encroach V\thuu^ his Ma-jefty’s or the lord lieutenant*s leave, &c.

Recites neecf*. hty to add to po vers jriveu to fir-nd juries by 32 Geo. 3. for i-nproving poll to ids.

Digitized by

Google

*3*

The thirty-Jifth Tear of George IIJ.

A. D.

*795-

Chap. 43.

Provided affidavit Blade herein.

Ufu.nl for mi (• be obiered.

*Whcr« bridges

|re boundaries.

All provifious in fcyeral road afta, extended fo this road.

To continue 31 yearn, and end of then ncxtfefliqn.

Deemed a

public aft.

of this aft (hall hereafter he made, to be raifed off fuch county at large, in which the fame fhaH be fituate ; and the judges of fuch refpeftiye courts are hereby required to confirm fuch prefentments.

LXVIIL Provided always, That no fum fhaU be pre-fented for building, rebuilding, enlarging, repairing or altering any fuch bridge, or part of a bridge, in any new line of the faid road, unlefs it (hall appear by affidavit of two credible perfons who read and write, that luch bridge is nc-peflary for the purpofe of fhortening the diflance or avoiding of hills, or for the greater convenience of travellers, or wifi tend to facilitate the inteicourfe between any two points of the faid road.

LXIX, Provided alfo, That no money {hall be fo pre-fented, unlefs the ftveral forms for obtaining prefentments for bridges and other requifites, lhall be' purfued and ob-ferved as in cafes of bridges prefentable under the road afts now in being, or that hereafter fhall be cnafted relative to the fame upon public preferment roads, and that relative thereto the faid refpeftive grand juries fhaU have all fuch and the like powers as by faid road afts are in refpeft to bridges veiled in them \ and that all monies fo to be prefented, fhall be accounted for in like manner, and by fimilar affidavits, and under the like regulations in all refpefts as arc or fhall be enafted in refpeft to bridges on public roads repaired by prefentments.

LXX. Provided alfo, That where fuch bridge fhall be the boundary betwen any two of the counties aforefaid* that then all regulations by the road afts now in being, in refpeft to prefentments for bridges, which are boundaries between two adjoining counties, and in refpeft to accounting for and the treafurers paying the money prefented, fhall be purfued and obferyed.

LXXI. And be it further enafted, That all provisions by the roa4 made for repairing fudden breaches in bridges pn fuch roads fhall extend to the faid road from Dublin to Mullingar, pr any nevv line thereof tQ be ipad? purfuant tp this aft.

L.XXII, And be it further enafted by the authority afore-i faid, That this aft fhall be and continue of force for the term of thirty-one years, from the laft day of this prefent feffions of parliament, and from thence to the^nd of the then next fef-. fions of parliament.

LXXIIL And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That this prefent aft fhall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a public aft, and fhall be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all the judges, juftices and all other perfons whatsoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

J	‘	'	CHAP,

Digitized by

Google

The thirty-fifth Tear of George IIL

CHAP. XL IV.

An Aft for Payment to the Company of Undertakers of the Grand Canal9 of certain Bounties heretofore granted to them.

WHEREAS by an a& pafTed in the twenty-ninth year Recital^ G, of the reign of his prefent Majcfty, entitled, An aft 3- c* 33* for the promotion and encouragement of inland navigation, it is enafted, That debentures to the amount of fifty-feven thou-fard one hundred pounds, bearing an intereft after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, be iflued to the company of undertakers of the grand canal, for completing a navigation from the grand canal to the river Shannon, at or near the town of Banagher, under the conditions therein mentioned : and whereas by an a& pafTed in the thirty- recJtij ^ q firft year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, entitled, An Cf4X# 3 aft for direfting the further application of the fum of two hundred thoufand pounds, granted by an aft paffed in the twenty-ninth year of his prefent Majefiy, entitled, An aft for the promotion and encouragement of inland navigation, itrisena&ed, that debentures to the amount of twenty-two thoufand pounds, bearing an intereft after the rate of. four pounds per centum per annum, be iflued by the vice treafurer or vice treafurers, paymafter or paymafters - general, -his or their deputy	♦

or deputies, to the company of undertakers of the grand canal, for making, completing, and finifhing floating and graving docks for the lafe lying, building, and repairing of fhipping at the propofed termination of the grand canal	i

at the river Liffey, under the conditions therein mentioned; and whereas the laid company have received debentures for ^ the fum of feventeen thoufand one hundred pounds, part of the faid fum of fifty-feven thoufand one hundred pounds, and 17,100!. and alfo debentures for the fum of feven thoufand pounds, paK for 7000I. pur-of the faid fum of twenty-two thoufand pounds, purfuant to *Vant the conditions of the faid a&s 5 and there remains unpaid to	ai

the faid company, the fum of forty thoufand pounds, of the ** faid fum of fifty feven thoufand one hundred pounds, and Ijj00ol. re-thc fum of fifteen thoufand pounds, of the vfaid fum of mains unpaid, twenty-two thoufand pounds; and whereas experience has &c. manifefted the good efteft produced on public credit by the judicious afliftance granted in the courfe of the laft year, to feveral merchants and traders in this kingdom ; and 'whereas the neceflities of the times make it now expedient to fup-port and alfift the faid company, who are carrying on works

\

Digitized by LjOOQle

*3*

when company ha've entered into a recognisance for 100,0001. to Complete docks. Sc. as herein ; debentures ifiued at 4 per cent, for i$,oool. and for ioyoooL a* herein.

when iopool. has been expended on faid canal to Shan-lion j

io^oook mote may be give* to company, Sec. as herein.

» The thirty-fifth Tear of George III.

of great magnitude and extent, the ftoppage of which at this period would be highly detrimental to the intereft of the kingdom : and whereas the (aid company are in the receipt of a large Revenue, whereby their recognizance is a Security to the publick, for the due performance of their engagements ; be it therefoie ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent Majtfty, by and with the advice and ponfeiit of the lords fpi-ritual and temporal, awl common in this prefect parliament afTembled, and by the authority of the fame. That fo- &*» an the commiflioncrs of impreft accounts (hall ceitify that the faid company of undertakers of the grrwid canal, hare entered into a recognizance before thebarous of his Majefty’s court of exchequer, in the penalty of one hundred thoufand pounds, conditioned that they the faid company of undertakers (haB on or before the firft day of I\lay, on? thoufand feven hundred and ninety-fix, make, complete and finifh the laid floating and graving docks, f > as to np ive (hipping therein, and that they the mid company of undertakers fhall, on or be* fore the firft Jay of November, onevthoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, make, complete and finifh a good and fu£ fici^ut ftill water navigation or canal, from the grand canal to the river Shannon, at or near the town of Hansgher, to convey boats containing at leaft forty tons burthen, that then and in that cafe it fhafi be lawful for the lords eommiOioners of his Majefty’s treafury, to give to the faid company of undertakers of , the grand canal, debentures bearing intereft after the rate of four pounds per centum per, annum, for the fum of fifteen thoufand pounds, being the refidue of the faid lum of twenty-two thoufand pounds, in full for their bounty on the faid docks, and alfo for the fum of ten thoufand pounds, on account of the refidue of ibe faid fum of fifty-feven thoufand one hundred pounds bounty on the iaid canal to the riyer Shannon ; and fo foon as the com-miflioners of impreft accounts fhnW certify that the faid company had expended on the faid canal to the Shannon^ the lum of tf thoufand pounds fince the nailing of their laft account before the faid commiflioRers, that then and in that cafe it fhaTl and ‘may be lawful for the lords commiBiou-trs of his Majefty’s treafury, to give to the faid company, debentures, as aforefaid, for the further fum of ten thoufand pounds, other part of the rcfidi^e of faid fum of fifty-fevcii thoufand one hundred pounds ; and fo foon as the commif-fioners of impreft accounts fliall certify that tire faid cora-

ahave expended on the faid cabal to the Shannon, the er fum of ten thoufand pounds, that ffien and in that cafe it fhaTl and gray "be law ful for the lords commiifioners of his Majefty’s treafury to give to the faid company deben-* 4	"	*	•	'	•	tures

Digitized by v^ooQle

, Thi thirty-fifth Ytar &f George III.

turea as aforefaid, for the further fum of ten thoufand pounds, other part of the refidue of faid fum of fifty-feven thoufand one hundred pounds; and fo foon as the commiflioners of impreft accounts fhall certify that the faid company have expended on the faid canal to the Shannon, the further fum of ten thoufand pounds, that then and in that cafe it (hall and may he lawful for the lords commiflloners of (tig Majefty’s treafury, to give to the faid company the further fum of ten thoufand pounds, being the remainder of the faid fum of bfty-feven thoufand one hundred pound?, in full for their bo nuty on the faid canal.

II.	Provided always, That it (ball and may be lawful for ch#qtt«r t« m-

the barons of his IViajeity’s court of exchequer, and they are nui recogni-hereby required to vacate and annul the recognizance afore-	&c.

faid, whenever it (hall appear to them, upon the certificate of

the commiflioners of impreft accounts, that the faid docks and (lill water navigation have been completed purfuant to the conditions of the faid recognizance.

III.	And whereas the capital ftock of the faid company 1*9 Manner in

now very large, and it is expedient to render the lame tranf- which ftock fcrable with as little trouble and ex pence as may be ; be it	tranf*

thereforc enaded. That in all cafes where any of the (hares 611

in the faid (lock (hall be handed over by any proprietor thereof, with a blank endorfement thereon, to any other perfon in confideratipn of, or as fecurity for money advanced on the credit of fuck ftock, and where the fame (hall be accompanied by a letter of attorney from fuch proprietor, empowering the pJtrty to whom fuch ftock is fo handed over, his or her executors, adminiftrators or afligns, to transfer the fame in the book of the faid company, that it (hall and may be lawful for fuch peifon fo authorized, his or her executors, adminiftrators or aligns, a^ any time hereafter whe-, ther the perfon having executed fuch power of attorney be living or dead, to transfer fuch ftock in the books of the dakl company, according to the tenor of £u^h letter of at* torney*

Dimm ml M.

CHAP.

Digitized by LjOOQle

The thirty-fifth Tear of George III*

2*6

a. jy.

*795-

CHAP. XLV.

An Aft that the Acceptance of the Office of a Lord 7ufike9 or Chief Governor of thit Kingdom by the Speaker of the Houfe of Commons, Jhatt not vacate his Seat in Parlta-ment.

The fpeaker cannot vacate his feat without inconvenience to par* lument, &c.

WHEREAS the fpeaker of the houfe of commons od-not vacate his feat without much inconvenience to the buftnefs of parliament: and whereas it may be his Ma-jefty's pleafure from time to time, to appoint the fpeaker of the houfe of commons to be one of the lords jufticcs or chief governors of this kingdom be it ena&ed by the King's mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament affcmbled, and by the authority of the lame, That if the f]peakcr of the houfe of commons (hall be at any time hereafter appointed to the office of a lord juftice or chief governor of this kingdom, his feat in parliament (hall not thereby become vacate, any law, ufage, or flatute to the contrary notwithflanding.

C,H A P. XLVI.

An Aft for the better promulgating the Statute Lanv of this Kingdom.

G. juries at fummer affixes may prefent funis for procuring and keeping ftatutes at Urge.

WHEREAS inconveniencies have arifen from the flatute law of this kingdom not being fuffidently known ; be it therefore ena&ed by the King's moil excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lord* fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent pariia-ment affcmbled, and by the authority of the fame. That it (hall be lawful for the grand jury of every county, county of a city, and county of a town, at any lummer affizes to prefent to be raifed off the county at large, any fum or fums of money that may be neceflary for procuring and keeping up, from time to time, one complete fet of ftatutes at laige or this kingdom, for the ufe of the grand jury of the laid county, county of a city, and county of a town ; the fame to be procured, kept and preferved by the treafurer of the faid county, county of a city, and county of a town, and to be produced by him at every affizes to the (aid grand jury.

II. And

Digitized by

Google

The thirty-fifth Tear of George III.

*J7

II.	And in order to promulgate the feveral ftatutes that A. D.

from time to time may be ena&ed'in this kingdom, in the 1795. cheapeil and moil expeditious manner ; be it further enabled Chap. 46. by the authority aforefaid, That whenever the flatutes of	’

any feflion of parliament (hall be printed in o6lavo, in plain When ads of Englifh letter, it (hall bejawful for the grand jury of every » feflion are county, county of a city, and county of a town to prefent Printed in oda-at any aihzes, to be railed in like manner as aforefaid, any may^prefcnTfoc fum or fums of money that may be neceflary for procur- 2 copies Sec. inr, in like manner as aforefaid, two copies thereof, to be

delivered by the (aid treafurer to the clerk of the peace of the (aid county, county of a city, and county of a town, to be kept and preferred by him for the ufe of the quarter fef-bona.

III.	And be it farther enabled by the authority aforefaid. Judges of

That if the treafurer of any county, county of a city, or fize may fine county of a town, (hall refufe or negle£t, after fuch prefent- ttcafurers 40L meat or prefentments made as aforefaid, to procure the faid	XE	’

ftatutes at large, or any of them, or the faid ftatutes of any tutg8 at feflion of parliament that (haU hereafter be printed as afore- and ads of faid, or (hall negle& to keep and preferve the faid ftatutes fdfians&c.

at large, or to deliver or produce the fame, from time to time, when required, to fuch grand jury as aforefaid, it (haU be lawful for any jud^e of amze, at any aftizes to be held there at any time within two years after the offence committed, upon complaint made to him by fuch grand jury as aforefaid, to fine the faid treafurer in any fum not exceeding forty pounds flcrlingr; and that if the clerk of the peace of derfc of peace any county in this kingdom, (hould negle61 or refufe to keep fined aol. for ta and preferve the faid ftatutes of any feflion of parh’ament, producing fuch printed as aforefaid, and delivered to him as afore laid, or to produce the fame to the juftices at the quarter feflions when wherein.** ** required, it (hall be lawful for any judge of aflize, upon complaint made to him by any two juftices of the peace for the faid county, within one year after the offence committed, to fine the faid clerk of the peace in any fum not exceeding twenty pounds fterling; provided neverthelefs, that every grand iuty may caufe the falaries of the faid treafurer, or of the faid clerk of the peace refpeflively, not to be paid until they (hall have made good, repaired or replaced at their private expence, any lofs, damage, or injury, which the laid ftatutes in their refpe&ivc cuftody may have fuflained.

CHAP.

Digitized by v^-ooQie

A. D.

>795*

The	tlSirty-Jifth Tear of Georgs III.

CHAP. XLVIJI.

An AS for ercSin- a Bridge over the River of	at	the

Tevmof New Reft, in the Comity of Wexfrd.

WHEREAS -the building a bridge over the river of Rofc, at the ferry thereof* will tead to encreafe the trade of the town of New Rofs, promote agriculture, and be of public utility: and whereas tire perfons herein after earned, have fubferibod the fcveral fiune to their re-fpe&ive names annexed, for the purpofes of purchafng the ferry acrofo the river at the faid town of New Rofs, and for building a bridge over the faid river, at the (cite of the faid Sabfctibers	fc«7 ; that is to fay, Henry Houghton, efquire, five litm-

nsiues,	deed pounds, Charles Tottenham, ieuior, efquire, five hun-

dred pounds, Charles Tottenham, junior, efqwire, five hundred pounds, Robert Leigh, efquire, five hundred pounds, Jofeph Deane, efq tiper five hundred pounds, JohuClrffe, efquire, five hundred pounds, Ponfonby Tottenham, efquire, five hundred pounds, Edward Murphy, efqHire, five hundred pounds, meffieurs George and Thomas Keuugh, five hundred pounds, Anthony ClifTe, efquire, five Hundred pounds, Edward Eltnes, efquire, five hundred pounds, Philip Hay, efquire, five hundred pounds, Mrs. Jane Tottenham, five hundred pounds, meffieurs Cullimore and Hogg, five hundred pounds, Nicholas Loftus Tottenham, efquire, five hundred pounds, Charles Powel Leflie, efquire, four hundred pounds, Jaimes Roficter, efquire, three hundred pounds, fir John Newport, baronet, two hundred pounds, Adam Loftus Lynn, efquire, two hundred pounds, Arthu$ Alexander, efquire, two hundred pounds, James Ramfey, efquire, tub hundred pounds, Roger Swectman, efquire, two hundred

Jounds, Jofeph Leqjh, efquire, two hundred pounds, Thom?s ones, junior, efquire, two hundred pounds, Jofeph tidfe, «fquire, two hundred pounds, fir Simon Newport* knight, one hundred pounds, Edward Kavenagh, elquire, one hundred pounds, James Doyle, efquire, one hundred'pound*, Mr. Bryan Fitz-Henry, one hundred pounds, Mr. Langiilk Cavenagh, one hundred pounds, Mr. Joliah Martin, junior, one hundred pounds, Mifs Mary Chile, one hundred poundi, Mifs Henrietta Cliffe, one hundred pounds, Nicholas Deve-reux, efquire, one hundred pounds, Mr Michael Clarke, one hundred pounds, Mr. Anthony French, one hundred pounds, Mr'John Connor, one hundred pounds, Mr. Patrick Bryan, one hundred pounds, and Michael Langton, efquire,

one

L~.

T/x thirty -fifth Tear wf Georg* III.

239

hnttdrtd pound* j thi> faid feVeral fiibfcriptibttt amount- A. D* ing in the whole to the fum of eleven thousand two hun- 1795. dred pounds, and the Card feveral fubfcriberB have paid «nt® Chap. 48# their treafurer Charles Tottenham, efquire, coMe&oc of v, the port of llefs, one-fifth part of their refpe&ive fuhfcrip-tions ; be it enai&ed by the King's moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and coufent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in. this prefent parliament affembled, acid by the authority of the fame, That from and immediately after the pafting of this ad, the faid feveral fubfcriberB, or the executors, adminiftratore or afligns, of fuch of them as (hall before the faid time happen to die, or aflign their right to their laid fubferiptions, (haft be united ami ere6ked into one company, for the building of. the faid bridge, and be from thenceforth oue'body politick and corporate, by the name of the commiflioners for building a bridge over the river of Rofs ; and that the faid commit-fi oners and their fuccefTors,* being proprietors of the faid joiHt Hock, or pofWTing any (hare or (haves thereof, Audi have perpetual fuccefifion, and have a common feal, and by the aforefaid name may fue and be fued, and HiaH fiporti thenceforth be folly empowered to deftgn, affign, and lay 6ut in what manner the faid bridge (hall be built; and that the faid commiffioticrs or their fucceflbrs, (hall by them-felves, their agents, overfeers, workmen and fervaots, be fuHy empowered to carry on* build, and complete the faid bridge, and alfo (hall be capable in hw by fuch name, to take fecuritiea for any fum or films of money due, or to fee due to them in their corporate capacity as aforefaid,

»«d for performance of any agreement entered into wijth them* or for the d»ie execution of any power or authority Committed to any perfon or perfons concerned in the faid bridge, or the tolls thereof; and alfo to eater into and execute all fuch contra&s and agreements, and appoint fuch eflrcers and fervants as (hall be nccefiary for, or relate to the carrying die purpofes of this a£t into execution.	1

II. Provided always, and be it enafted, That the faid Bridge to be bridge fa to he wetted and built over the faid river of Rofs, ^ircacU Cfen at the ferry thereof, and all and every bridge to be hereafter erected by the authority of this a&, dial! be fo conftru&ed and built, that there Hudl be and remain a free and open pnHhge for (hips and vdiels to pafs and repafs through the feme, and for fweh porpofe (hall contain one lifting portcullis 'or arch, of twenty feet ar the le3fl m the clear in breadth, provided with piers or moorings of fufficient ftrength, at praper dhiauces for warping veffels through the fame; and

that

Digitized by L-ooQle

24+	TAr	thirty-fifth	Tear	of	George	III.

A. D.

*795-Chap. 48*

Com. ro meet

itt&few Rofs,

fif» herein, to ■a«kc bye-laws, 4«-

that the faid lifting portcullis or arch, (hall placed withia the diftance of iixty yards from low water mark, at the Rofs fide of the river, and that the colle&or or receiver of the tolls of fuch bridge, or fuch other perfon or perfons as (hall have the care thereof, (hall as often as any (hip or veflel (halj have occafion to pafs or repafs through fuch portcullis or arch, be obliged with all convenient fpeed without fee or reward, to open the fame, and fuffer fuch (hip or veflel to pafs through the faid portcullis or arch; and in cafe fuch colle&or, receiver, or perfon having the care of fuch bridge, (hall refufe to open the faid portcullis, or negic& or omit to open the fame, with all convenient fpeed, or in any manner delay the paflage of any (hip or veflel through the fame, he or they fo offending, (hall for each and every fuch offence, forfeit and pay to the mafter or perfon commanding fuch (hip or veflel, fuch fum not exceeding five pounds fterling, as the fovereign, deputy-fovereign, recorder, or other magiftrate or magiflrates of the faid town of New Rofs, (hall award or adjudge ; and in cafe of non-payment of the fum fo awarded or adjudged, fuch offender or offenders fliall by warrant under the hands and feals, or hand and feal. of fuch fovereign, deputy-fovereign, recorder, magiftrate or magiflrates, be committed to the common gaol of the county of Wexford, there to remain until the faid fine or forfeiture be paid, or for fuch time as fuch fovereign, deputy-fovereign, recorder, magiftrate or magiflrates fliall diredt, not exceeding m the whole one month.

III. And be it ena&ed. That the faid cotnmiflioners or their fucccflors, or a fufficient number of them, do aflcmble or meet in the faid town of New Rofs, within one month after the pafling of this a&, feven days notice being ftrft given by public advertifement, polled on the court-houfe of the town of New Rofs, and in the public news room in the faid town, and inferted in a public newfpaper in the citv of Waterford, of the time and place of fuch meeting; and (hall and may at their will and pleafure, adjourn fuch meeting, and as often as occafion (hall require from time to time, (hall and may meet and aflemble in the faid town of New Rofs, or elfewhere, and from time to time adjourn fuch meetings ; and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid cora-miflioners, or their fucceflor3, or a quorum of them, at their faid firft meeting or adjournment thereof, or at any future meeting or adjournment thereof, to enter into, and make fuch rules, orders, bye laws and regulations, refpedling the purchafing the ferry plying for hire acrofs the laid river of Rofs, from the quay of Rofs to the oppofite fide of the (aid fiver, or the eredting or completing the faid intended bridge.

\

Digitized by v^ooQle

The thirty-fifth Tear of George III.	241

and preferving the fame, or for the afcertaimng, better re- A. D. gulating, or colle&ing the tolls or duties to be colledled and 1795* received by virtue of this a61, and to enter into and execute Chap. 48. contrads, and do all other matters or things whatfoever, that to the faid commiffioners, or their fucceffors, or a quorum of them, (hall or may appear requifite or ueceffary for the well governing of mailers of vefTels, feamen, boatmen or other perfons, and for or towards carrying into execution the purpofes of this ad ; an.l to impofe reafonable fines and for. feitures for offences to be committed again (I fuch bye-laws, to be levied by fuch ways and means, as the faid commiffioners, or their fucceffoss, or a quorum of them {ball dired, fo as that no fuch fine fhall exceed five pounds, for jfny one offence; and the faid bye-laws being put into writing, under the feal 1 of the faid commiffioners, fiiall be binding, and be obferved by all parties, and be fuflicient in any court of law or equity, to juftify all and every perfon and perfons who fhall ad under the fame, or in levying any penalty or forfeiture thereby incurred or made payable,

IV.	Provided always, That the faid bye-laws fhall not be Bye-Iawf not contrary to the laws or llatutes of this realm, and that fc-to be contrary to ven days previous notice at the lead, including the day *lW4 realm* of fuch notice, and the day of meeting, (hail be given by

public advertisement, polled on the court-houfe of the faid town of New Rofs, and in the public newl paper in the city of Waterford, of the time, place, and purpofe of fuch meeting.

V.	Provided neverthelefs, That any perfon or perfons Grievances to who fhall think him, her, or themfelves aggrieved by any be compUinei order or judgment, in purfuance of any fuch bye-laws, of atqu. fc£« may complain within fix months then after, to the juftice ^oa#-

or juftices at the next quarter feflions of the county, wherein fuch bye-law fhall have been carried into execution, who fhall in a fummary way, hear and determine 4 the faid quarter feflions, the matter of the faid complaint, and if they fee caufe, mitigate and alter fuch fines, penalties or forfeitures, and may order money which had been levied or paid in purfuance of any fuch bye-law, to be returned or repaid, and may order fuch further fatisfa&ion to be made to the party complaining, as they (hall judge reafonable, and may alfo order and give colls to the party complaining, and alfo to the party complained againll, in cafe they find the faid complaint to be gronndlefs, as to them (hall feem proper.

VI.	And be it ena&ed, That at every meeting or affem- Com co bave bly of the faid commiffioners, or their fucceffor9, each and votes as herein, every of the faid commiffioners, or their fucceffors, fhall

Vol. X,	have

Digitized by ooQle

*4*	The	thirty-fifth	Year	of	George	III.

A. D. have one vote for and In refpe& of each and every of the !795*	firft five debentures or (hares, he or (he (hall then poffefs,

Chap. 48.	0f or the joint flock of the faid company ; and that no

**~~>T***J perfon whatfoever (hall have in his or her own right, more than five votes, and that the refpe&ive members who (hall have a right to vote in fuch affemblies or meetings, may appear either in perfon or by proxy, in writing under their refpe&ive hands and feals, fubje& neverthelefs to fuch re-flri&ions for the better regulating fuch proxies, and for afeertaining the qualification or right of perfons claiming or demanding to vote as (lock-holders, as (hall be ordered by any bye-law, or laws of faid commilfioners, or a quorum of them 5 and that the majority of votes at all fuch meetings or affemblies (hall determine all matters in queftion, and if there be an equality of votes, that the chairman of fuch meeting or affembly (hall have a calling vote, befidcs his vote or votes as a member of the (aid com-

i-4th of (lock- * VII. Provided always, That at every fuch meeting or holders to be	affembly, there be prefent in perfon, one-fourth in number

prefent at each 0f tjie exifting flock-holders of the company at the leaft, aaecung, ou. otherwife fuch meeting or aflembly (hall not have any power whatfoever, to carry into execution any of the powers or authorities hereby given $ and that no order , or refolution of the faid commiflioners, or their fucceflors, or a quorum of them, be altered, rescinded, or re-con fidered, without feven days previous notice in writing at the lead, being given to the perfons prefent, at the time that fuch order or refolution intended to be altered, refeinded, or re-confidcred was made.

All proceed- VIII. And be it ena&ed, That all a&s, rules, orders and in<r» to be enter- other proceedings, to be entered into, refolved on, made, or cd in a book by done by the (aid commiflioners, or their fucceflors, or a herciin C ***’ quorum of them, (hall be fairly wiitten in a book, to be lor that purpofe kept by the regifter or clerk, or other officer to be appointed by the laid commiflioners, and that fuch rules, orders and proceedings, be fubferibed on each day of meeting, by the commilfioners then prefent; which book (hall remain and continue in the cuftody of the regifter, clerk, or officer to the faid commiflioners, and to which all and every perfon and perfons who in his, her, or their own right, or in right of his, her, or their tellator intelhtc, ward, cejluiquc trull, or otherwife, is poffeffed of any lharc of the laid capital flock, lhall and may have accefs at all reafonable times, without fee or reward, to infpeft the fame.

IX.	And be it ena&ed, That immediately after the pafi ling of this a&, the faid Charles Tottenham, cfquire, do,

if

Digitized by Google

Toucb

ZTke thirty-fifth Tear George ILL

if required fo to do, pay unto the faid commiflioners, or their fuccefTors, or a quorum of them, or unto fuch perfon or perfons as they (hall appoint, the amount of the faid one-fiftrrpart of the fubferiptions fo depofited in His hands, he firft dedufting thereout the cods and charges of obtaining and- palling this, and other necefTary difburfements by him ham to pay conv made, puifuant to the direftions of the faid fubferibers ; and raffioners See. that the perfons who have as aforefaid, fubferibed, their*a# crcuu reprefentatives or affigns, be obliged to pay in the remainder of the fum or fums by him, her, or them, fo relpeftively fubferibed, in fuch (hares and proportions, as the (aid com-	%

miflioners or their fuccefTors, or a quomm of them (hall direct, until the whole fum or fums by him, her, or them (or by the perfon or perfons whom he, (he or they, do claim under) fo refpeftively fubferibed, or fuch part thereof as (hall be fo required by the faid commiflioners or their fuc-cefTors, or a quorum of them (hall be paid; and if it (hall happen that a greater fum than the amount of the fums fo fubferibed as aforefaid, (hall be requifite or necefTary for cairying the purpofes of this aft into execution, then it (hall and may be lawful for the laid commiflioners, or their fuc-ccflbrs, or a quorum of them, from time to time, to make one or more call or calls upon the feverd proprietors of the faid joint-dock, requiring each and every of them to pay fuch further fum and fums proportionate to the fums refpec-tively fubferibed by him, her, or them, or by the perfon or perfons whom he, (he, or they do claim under, as (hall be requifite or necefTary for effeftuating the faid purpofes, and	*

each and every perfon who has fo fubferibed as aforefaid, their reprefentatives or afligns, fhall fo foon as the full amount of the lums fo fubferibed (or fuch parts thereof as fhall have been fo required); and alfo fuch further fum or fums, if any, as (hall be called for by the faid commiflioners, or their fuc-eeflors, or a quorum of them fhall be paid, fhall receive a debenture for each one hundred pounds, of the fums fubferibed as aforefaid, by him, her, or them, or by the perfon or, perfons whom he, ihe, or they * do claim under; which debentures are refpeftively to be arithmetically numbered, beginning with number one, and ending with number one hundred and twelve, the common excefs or difference being one, and to be figned and fealed by the faid commiflioners or their fucceffors, or any five or mote of them, and entered in a book or regifter to be kept for that purpofe.

X.	Provided always, and be it eriafted, That if any fum or fums fo required, by the faid commiflioners or their fucceffors, or a quorum of them to be paid, whether the fame ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ be a dividend or dividends of the laid original fubfeription, be fold by or be. a proportion or proportions of fuch further, fum or auaion a* here-Qjt	* A% ...........'fums in.

If fubferibeff neglcdt to pay their dividends See. their ihaxcft

I

Digitized by v^ooQle

Proprietor! of ftnck may bequeath or affign, See, at herein.

If cmnmifli oners have not already purchafed laid ferry, they may funmion, 6cc. os herein.

The thirty-fifth Tear of George III.

(urns as (hall be neceffary, be not paid by the perfon or per* (bn8 who has, or have fo fubferibed, their representatives or afligns, within fourteen days after the refpe&ive days to be limited or appointed for that purpofe, by the faid com-huflioners or their fucceffors, or a quorum of them, (fourteen days previous notice of the dividends or proportions required to be paid, being given by public advertifement in manner as herein before mentioned, then and in fuch cafe, the (hare and (hares of all and every perfon and perfons refilling or negle&ing to pay the amount of the faid dividend or dividends, proportion or proportions, (hall be fold by public cant, by the faid commiflioners or their fucceffors, or a. quorum of them, after having firft caufed public notice of fuch fale to be given, ten days at the lead before the day of fuch fale, and fuch perfon or perfons fo refuting or negle&ing, (hall be from thenceforth for ever barred from fuch (hare and (hares, and all profit? and advantages anting, or to arife therefrom, and all intereft in the fame, both in law and equity, and fuch (hare and (hares, and all profits and advantages therefrom, (hall from thenceforth be veiled in fuch purenafer or purchafers.

XI.	And be it ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful for each and every proprietor of any (hare of the faid joint (lock, to bequeath the fame, or to aflign the fame in his lifetime; and that every aflignment which (half be made of any part of the faid joint (lock, (hall be entered and made in a bdok for that purpofe, to be kept at fuch place as (hall be appointed by the faid commiflioners or their fucceffors, or a quorum of them, and that no aflignment thereof (hall be deemed good, until entry thereof (nail be made in fuch bock, for the entry of every fuch aflignment, a fee of live (hillings and no more, (hall be paid to the faid com-miflioaers or their fucceffors, for the ufe of the faid com* pany.

XII.	And be it enabled. That in cafe the ftid perfons herein before named, (hall not before the pafling of this ad, have pufehafed the faid ferry herein before mentioned, and the intereft of all and every perfon and perfons claiming any eftate, right, title, or property therein, that then the faid commiflioners or their fucceffois, or a quorum of them, (hall and may immediately after the pafling of this ad, and before they proceed to build tbe faid bridge, fummon the owner or owners, and all perfons whomfoever, having or claiming any ellate or intereft in or to the faid ferry, to meet the faid commiflioners at fuch time and place in the faid town of New Rofs, as (hall be fpecified in fuch fum-mons, in order to agree with fuch perfon or perfons for the purchafe of their refpedive eftates and iatereiU in the

laid

Digitized by CjOOQle

The thirty.fifth Tear of George III.	245

Jaid ferry* which fummons (hall be ferved upon or left at A* ' Dt .. the dwelling-houfe of fuchr perfon or perfons refpe&ively,	179j.

feven days at the lead before they {hall be required to meet Chap. 4?. * the faid commiffioners.

XIII.	And be it ena&ed, That it (hall and may be law- # All bodies po-fiil to and for all bodies politic, corporate and collegiate, l,t,ck» aggregate or foie, feoffees in trull, guardians, or committees fell^nd^nver to lunaticks and idiots, executors, adminiftrators, guardians fcrry to and tenants for life, not only for and on behalf of them- commiffioners, felves, their heirs and fucceffors, but alfo for and on as herein, behalf of the cefuique trufts, whether infants, or iffue unborn, lunatics, feme coverts, or other perfons whomfoever, and to and for all perfons who are or {hall be feized, pof-feffed of, or interefted in the aforefaid ferry, to fell and convey fuch ferry to the faid commiffioners and their fuc-cefiors 5 and that all contra&s, agreements and conveyances, which (hall be made by fuch perfon or perfons, (hall be good and valid in law to all intents and purpofes, to convey all the eilate, right, title and intereft, ufe, property, claim and demand whatfoever, as well by him, her, or themfclves, as his, her, or their feveral and refpe&ive ccf-tuique trulls, whether infants, or» iffue unborn, lunatics, idiots, feme coverts y or other perfons whomfoever, and of all perlons whomfoever claiming, or to claim by, from, or under them, or any of them; and if it {hall happen that any body or bodies politic or corporate, perfon or perfont having, or claiming to have any eftate, right, title or inte-reft in or to fuch ferry, (hall refufe, decline, or negleft to agree with the faid commiffioners or their fucceffors, or a quorum of them, for the fale or conveyance of their, hi9, or her refpe&ive eftate, right, title and intereft in fuch ferry, or {hall not make out a title to fuch eftate or intereft as they, he or {he claim, to the fatisfa&ion of the faid corn-* miflioners or their fucceffors, or a quorum of them, that then and in fiich cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid com&iifioners or,their fucceffors, or a quorum of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to iffue a precept or precepts, warrant or warrants, inftrument or itj-llruments in writing, und^r their common feal, directed to the flieriffs of the county of the city of Dublin, to command fuch {heriffs to fummon and return, and fuch flieriffs are hereby authorized and required within feven days after the rcceipit of fuch precept or precepts, warrant or warrants, inftrument or inftruments, to lummon and return a number of perfons not lefs than thirty-fix,* or more than lixty, qualified according to the laws and ftatittes of this realm, to be returned for trials of iffues ioined in his Majefty’fc courts at Dublin, (and twelve at leaft of which perfons (hall have ferved

on

Digitized by Google

»

The thirty-fifth Tear of George IIT.

on a grand jury of the county of the (aid city of Dublin,) to appear before fuch (heriffs, at fuch time and place, as by fuch precept or precepts, warrant or warrants, fnftrument or inftruments in writing as aforefaid, (hall be direded or appointed, (of which time and place, fuch perfons fo fura-moned (hall have forty-eight hoars previous notice, to be ferved as in fuch cafes ufual, and required by law), and alio to return in ifiucs upon every perfon fo fummoned and returned, the fum of five pounds fterling; at which time and place fuch (heriffs of their under-fheriff, is and are hereby required to attend and call over the names of the feveial perfons fo fummoned, impanneUed and returned, and the nrft three perfons who upon the calling .over of the (aid names (hall there appear, and who (hall have ferved on grand

1*uriea as aforefaid, to * whom no legal or juft caufe of chal-enge to ferve as jurprs on fuch inqueft (hall lie, (hall be commiffioners for prefiding at, and holding fuch enquiry or inquifition, and the next twelve perfons who pon calling over the names of the perfons fo fummoned, impanneUed and returned, who (hall there appear, and to whom uo legal or juft caufe of. challenge (hall lie, (hall be the jury for af-lewng and afeertaining what fums, compen&tion, or recommence (hall be paid or given to all and every body and bodies politick or corporate, perfon or perfons for their, his, or her right, title and intereft, ufc, property, claim and demand in or to the (aid ferry, and for the damages which they, he or (he may fuftain by the ere&ing the (aid bridge; and in default of the appearance of a fumcient number of the perfons fo fummoned, irapannelled and returned, fuch (he-rifts or their under (heriff, (hall return other honeft and indifferent men, of the ftandert-by, or that can be fpeedily procured to attend that fervice, to make up fuch jury to the number twelve; and all parties concerned, (hall hate their lawful challenges againft any of the perfons returned to ferve as jurymen when they come to be fworo, but (hall not be at liberty to challenge the array; and fuch commiffioners for prefiding at, and holding fuch inquiry or imjuifi-tion, or any two of them, are hereby authorized and im-powered by fummons or warrant, under their hands and feats, from time to time, as occafion (hall require, to call before them all and every perfon and perfons whomsoever, who (hall be thought neceftaiy to be examined as a witnefs, or as wit-nefles, and to examine him, her, or them, on his, her, or their oath or oaths, (or if a quaker or quakers, on folcpm affirmation), touching and concerning the premifes, and the faid laft mentioned commiffioners, or any two of them, (hall have poWer to adjourn from time to time, as occafion (hall require, and to command Inch jury, and all wltneffe*

ami



Digitized by Google

The thirty-fifth Tear of George III.

and parties to attend, until the bufinefs for which fuch jury (hall have been impannelled (hall be concluded; and the ver-didfc or verdi&s of fuch jury, and the judgment or judgments, decree or decrees,. pronounced and mad? thereupon,

(notice in writing being given to the perfon or perfons m-terefted, at lead fourteen dap before the time of the firft meeting of the faid jury, declaring the time and place of fuch meeting of the faid commiiBoners and jury, by per-	*

fonally ferving fuch perfon or perfbns with (uch notice, or by leaving fuch notice at the dwelling-houfe or houfes of fuch perfon or perfons, or by leaving it with fome perfon concerned in the 'management of, or receiving the tolls of fuch ferryj, (hall be binding and conolufive to all intents atid purpoles, againft all and every body and bodies politick or corporate, perfon and perfons claiming any edate, right, title, truft, intereft, or property of, into, or out of the (aid ferry fo intended to be purchased, or any reverfiou, remain-	t

der, or expe&ancy therein.

XIV.	And be it ena&cd, That upon payment of the On payment fum or fums of money to be awarded or adjudged as afore- money awarded, the body and bodies politic or corporate, perfon and 5d to SclToni perfons to whom the fame (hall have been awarded or ad- fl}^CCXeCitc ** judged, (hall make and execute good and lawful conveyances conveyances, to die faid commiffioners and their fucceiibrs, of the faid &c. as herein, ferry, or of fuch eftate, right, title or intereft, for which fuch fum or fums of money (hall have been fo awarded or adjudged, and (hall do all ads requifttc to make a good title to the faid commiffioners and their fucceffors; and ixji Cafe fuch body or bodies politic .or corporate, perfon or perfons to whom fuch fum or fums of money (hall have beep fo awarded or adjudged, (hall not be able to make out their title to the premiffes, to the fatisfodion of the faid com* miffioners or their fucceffors, or to make or procure to he made and executed, good and fufficicnt legal and valid conveyances or affignmefits thereof, to the mid commiffioners and their fucceflors 5 or (hill refufe or neglcd fo to do, feeing thereunto required, and fuch fum or iums of money fo awarded or adjudged, being tendered or offered to be paid %o them, him or her, on their, his, or her making put fuch title, and executing, or procuring to be executed fuph con* yeyances, alignments or affurances, as (hall be necoTary, or $n cafe fuch perfon or perfons to whom fuch fum or (urns pf money (hall have been fo awarded or adjudged, cannot be found, or by reafon of difputes or differences, or from de-fed of evidence it (haH Hot appear what body or bodies poEtic or corporate, perfon or perfons are, or is entitled to the premifes ih qdeftion 5 or if any mortgagee or mortgagees (hall refufe to take the mortgage money due to him, her,

I	.or

Digitized by

Google

All falcft. See. of faid ferry, as effetfual in law, as if fines levied, or recoveries fu/fered, &c.

Perfons who have mortgages on faid ferry, fhall aflign them to commiflioners on tender of amount, Sec. as herein.

The thirty-fifth Tear of George III.

or them, 'on or out of the faid premifes, after notice given for that purpose as herein is provided, then and in every fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiflioners or their fucceflors, or a quorum of them, to pay unto the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, the fum or fums fo awarded or adjudged, as the purchafe of the right or intereft of fuch body or bodies politic or cor-pprate, perfon or perfons in or to the faid ferry, or as (hall be due on fuch mortgage or mortgages, for the ufe of the body or bodies politic or corporate, perfon or perfons intit led to, or interefted in the faid premiies, to be paid to them, him or her, according to their-, his, or her refpe&ive eftate or eftates, intereft or interefts, at fuch time, and in fuch manner, as to the right honourable the lord high chancellor, or commiflioners for the cuftody of the great feal for the time being, (hall feem meet; and immediately on the payment as aforefaid, of the fum or turns of money’ fo awarded or adjudged, all and Angular the eftate, right, title, ufe, truft, intereft, property, claim and demand whatsoever at law or in equity, of the body or bodies politic or corporate, perfon or perfons for whole ufo, and for the purchafe of whofe intereft fuch money (hall be fo paid, (hall be and remain veiled in the faid commiflioners and their 'fucceffors, and (hall be deemed and taken in law to be in their adual feizin and poflfefHon, to all intents and purpofes, as fully ard effectually as if' the-faid body or bodies politic or corporate, perfon or perfons, had a&ually and bo&a fide fold and conveyed, or afligned the fame to the faid commiflioners and their fucceflors-	- - » • ‘ ■ *

XV.	And be it ena&ed. That all bargains, fales, and conveyances whatfoever, of the faid ferry, or any right or title to, or intertft in the fame, fhall have as full and effectual, and the fame force and CfleCt in law, to all intents and purpofes w'hich any fine or fines,: recovery or recoveries, would1 have, if levied or fuffered by the bargainer or bargainers, perfon or perfons (Seized or pofleffed of fuch eftate, right, title, or intereft in or to the faid ferry.

- XVI. And be it enaCtied,. That all and every perfon and perfotis who (hall have any mortgage or mortgages on fuch ferry, (hall on tender by th'e faid commiflioners pr their iuc-ceffors, or a quorum of them, of the principal, intereft, and .cods due on fuch mortgage or mortgages, immediately afflgn fuch mortgage or mortgages to the faid commiflioners, and their fucceflors, or to fuch perfon or perfons in truft for them, as they, or a quorum of them (hall appoint; and in cafe the faid commiflioners, or their fucceflors, or a quorum of them (hall give fix months notice in writing to fuch mortgagee or mortgagees, that they will at the end of *.. .	.	.	‘	.	.	the

Digitized by LaOOQie

The thirty fifth Tear of George III.

249

Commiffioncm may impofc 6oes

tine, laid fix months pay and difeharge the principal, intereft, and cofts due on the faid mortgage or mortgages, and that ftich mortgagee or mortgagees, (hall at the expiration of the faid fix months, refufe to receive the faid principal, in-tcreft, and cofts, the fame being tendered to him, her, or them, or {hall omit or neglcdt to affign to the faid coramif-fioners, and their fucceffors, fuch mortgage or mortgages, then and in fuch caff, all intereft thereon fhall from the day of fuch tender of payment abfolutely ceafe and determine.	'	'	N	•

XVII.	And be it chadded, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid commilfioners, and their fucceffors, or a quorum ot them, from time to time, to impole any BOt exceeding reafonable fine not exceeding ten pounds on any (heriff or 10I. upon fhe-fheriffs, or their deputy or deputies, bailiffs or agents refpec- riffs, jMry-men, tively, who fhall make any default in the premifes, and op	&C‘	M

any perfon or perfons who fhall he fummoned and returned on fuch jury or juries, who fhall not appear, and alfo on-any witnefs or witneffes who fhall not attend, or who fhall attend, and refufe to be fworn, or who being fworn, {hall refufe to give evidence j and on any perfon or perfons fum-moned and returned on fuch jury or juries, who fhall refufe to be fworn on any fuch jury or juries, or being fworn thereon, fhall not give his or their verdidt,- P’r fhall in any other manner wilfully negledt his of their duty in and touching the premifes, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this adl, all which fines fhall be tftreated into his Majefty*a court of exchequer, and fhhll Re levied in fuch manner as fines impofed by judges at nifi prlus upon fheriffs or jurors are, of may be eftreated or levied.	-

XVIII.	And be'it enabled, That the faid commilfioners, Commiflioner* and thdr fucceffors be, and they are hereby authorized and tofupport the empowered from the time they fhall purchafe the faid ferry, ^*7? ^s'buik to continue, eftablifh, fupport, and maintain the fame with sm*d to receivt' proper and fufficient boats to ply for hire, over and acrofs tolls, &c.

the faid river of Rofs, until the faid intended bridge fhall fie completed, and to demand and receive for the conveyance of all carriages, cattle, perfons, and other matters over and acrofs the faid ferry, fuch and the like tolls as they by this adl are empowered to demand and receive for the paffage over the faid Intended bridge, with fuch and the like remedies for recovcty and enforcing the payment of the fame, as by this adt are given for recovery and enforc-ing payment of the tolls and duties for paffage over the faid intended bridge.

XIX.	And be it enadted, That from and after the time No boats to that the faid commiflioners or their fucceffors fhall purchafe ply f?r hire the laid ferry, no boat or boats except thofe belonging to

Digitized by

bridge, penalty lol. otct all tolls, unlefs li-eenfed by com-miffioaer*;

juftice may order boats, dec. to be fold, and if not fufficient, per* fona may be committed to gaol.

Perfons employed, ihall have fame powers as orer-feers of public roads.

The thirtfjSfih Tear of George III. *

ft* faid commiffioners or their fucceffors, or to fuch perfon or perfons as they (hall authorize or appoint, (hall ply for hire within the diftancc of one mile above, or of one mile below the faid ferry or the faid bridge, after the fame (hall be built; and that all and every perfon or perfons carrying or conveying for hire over, or acrofs the faid river, within the faid limits, any carriage, cattle, perfon, or otheT matter fubieCt to toll, without being thereto licenfed, #r appointed. by the faid commiffioners or their fucceffors, or a quorum of them, (hall for each and every fuch offence, forfeit and pay to the faid commiffioners and their fucceffors, the fum of ten pounds, over and above the tolls or duty payable for the paffage of fuch carriages, cattle, per-fbns, or other matters; and the faid commiffioners and their fucceffors, or a quorum of them, or fuch perfon or perfons as they (hall authorize and appoint in that behalf, ihall and may feize and detain all and every boat and boats in which fuch carriages, cattle, perfon, or matters (hall be conveyed, together with all the oars, mads, fails and furniture to fuch boat or boats belonging, and the perfon or perfons rowing or working fuch boat or boats, and the carriages, cattle, perfons, and other matters fo conveyed acrofs the (aid river, contrary to the true intent and mean* ing hereof, and may bring fuch perfon and perfons before one or more juftice or juilices of the peace of the county, in which he, (he, or they (hall be fo feized, who is and are hereby authorized and required upon due proof of fuch offence, by warrant under his or their hand or hands and feal or feals, to order and direCt fuch boat and boats, with the furniture to her and them belonging, and fuch carriage, cattle, or other matters, to be forthwith fold for payment of the faid forfeiture or penalty, and the faid toll or duty ; and in cafe the produce of fuch fale (hall not be fufficient to fatisfy the fame, then fuch juftice or juftices (hall and may commit fuch perfon or perfons fo brought before him or them, to the common gaol of the county, until the refidue of the laid penalty or forfeiture, and the faid toll or duty be paid, or for fuch time not exceeding one month, as to fuch juftice-or juftices (hall feem meet.

XX.	And be it cna&ed, That all archite&s, overfeets, managers, or perfons employed to build the faid bridge, or fuch perfon or perfons as the faid commiffioners or their fucceffors, or a quorum of them (hall appoint, (hall have all and fmgular the fame power of railing and carrying away gravely (tones, earth, or other materials for the purpof^of creating, completing, or repairing the faid bridge, as are given by the laws now in force, to the overfeers of public roads, fubjeCt to the fame regulation^ and reftriCtions.

XXI. And

Digitized by L,ooQle

The thirty-fifth Tear of George III.

XXI.	And for as much as the ere&ing and building the faid bridge fo intended to be built, and the repairing, pre-ferving, enlightening, watching and fupportmg the faid bridge, and purchafing the faid ferry, muft be attended with confiderable charges and expence ; be it ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful to and fbr the faid commifllonei* and their fucceffors, or a quorum of them, and they are' hereby authorized and empowered to demand, take arid' receive, or caufe to be . demanded, taken and received irt* the nature of a toll, before any pafTage over the faid bridge’

(hall be permitted or allowed, any fum or fums which the faid commiiTioners or their fucceflors, or a quorum of them of them at any meeting or meetings (hall direct, not exceeding the following rates; that is to fay, for every coacK, berlin, chariot, calaln, chaife or chair, drawn by fix or more Rates of tolls, horfes, or other beads of burthen, the fum of three (hillings and three pence; for every coach, berlin, chariot, cdlam, chaife or chair, drawn by any lefTer number of horfes, or o£her beads of burthen than fix, and more than *W6, two (hillings and eight pence halfpenny; for every coach, berh'ri, chariot, calafh, chaife or chair, drawn with tw6 hbrfei, or other beads of burthen, the fuiri of one Shilling and fevtfu pence halfpenny ; for every waggon, wain, cart, cAr, or*

9ther carriage with, four wheels drawn by four Or fltord horfes, or other beads<of burthen, the fum of one ftillmg and one penny, if drawn by left than four horfes, or othtt beads of burthen, the fum of ten pence: for tverf Waggon, wain, cart, car or other carriage With two wheels, draWri by more than two horfes, or other beads of bifrtlteri, (hfc film of eight pence 5 for every hurt, car, or other carriage drawn by two horfes, or other beads of burthen, th£ ftnh of fix pence halfpenny; for every carnage comrhonly called a chaife or chair, with two wheels, drawn With 6rte horfe, or other bead of burthen, the fum of fix pehcO halfpenny, if with four Wheels, the fum of ten pence ; fof fcvfcry je<jan chair, the fum of four pence ; for fevery cart, caf, dr other carriage drawp by one horfe, or other head of bilrthtn, and not laden, the fum of two pence halfpenny; lot titty cart, car, or othfer carriage drawn by one horfe, (St oth8r bead of burthen, and laden, (except with bogs) the fiifh of fix pence halfpenny ; for every fledge, Aide, of* btt^f* riage, without^wheels, drawn in any manner, the futh1 of one (hilling and one penny; and for all carriages \VMtf6-ever, drawn in or by any other manner than as afofreftid, the fum of fix pence half penny ; for every hdrfe* gelding, mare, mule, afs, or other bead of burthen laden, and hot drawing, the fum of two pence ; for every horfe, gelding, mare, mule, or aft, unladen, the fum of one peri Ay; for

ttafrjr

Digitized by

Commiffioncri empowered to levy tolls by diftrefs;

4&refs may be ibid in 4 days.

Commiffioners mayere<ft toll-boufcstnd gates,

The thirty-fifth Tear of George III.

every drove of oxen or neat cattle, the fum of three (hill lings and four pence per fcore, and fo in proportion for a greater or leffer number ; for every drove of calves, hogs. Bleep or lambs, the fum of ten pence per fcore, and fo in proportion for a greater or Ieffer number ; for every dead nog, the fum of one penny ; for every perfon carrying or conveying a kifh, balke^ back-load, or pack of any kind, tlie fum of one penny; for every drove or flock of fowl whatfoever, the fum of three pence per dozen, and fo in proportion for a greater or lefTer number; for every paf-fenger palling over faid bridge, (except fuch perfon or per-fons as fhall be driven in a coach, chariot, berlin, chaife, chair or <;alafh, and the driver or drivers thereof, and the footman or footmen, fervant or fervants belonging thereto, ‘ and ftanding behind the fame, the fum pf ojie halfpenny; which faid refpe&ive fum and fums of money fhall be demanded and taken in the name of, and as for pontage, toll or duty, and the money fo to be raifed as aforefaid, is hereby, and fhall be and remain veiled in the faid commiffioners and their fucceffors for ever, and the fame an<) every part thereof, fhall be applied and be difpofed of, and be afligned to and for the feveral ufes, intents and purpofes, and in fuch manner, as herein after is mentioned, dire&ed and appointed 5 and the faid commiflioners and their fucceffors, or a quorum of them, are hereby authorized, empowered and required by themfelves, or by fome perfon or perfons by theqj or their fucceffors, or a quorum of them, under their hands j&nd common feal authorized and appointed to levy the faid tolls and duties hereby appointed and required to be paid, of and from all and every perfon and perfons, who after demand made of fuch toll or duty, fhall refufe or ne-

fleft to pay the fame, either by diftrefs of any carriage, orfe, or other bead, or goods upon which fuch toll of duty is by this adl impofed and made payable, or by diftrefs of any other the goods or chattels of fuch perfon or perfons who fo ought to pay the laid toll of duty, and may detain fuch diftrefs until fuch toll or duty, with the reafon-able cofts and charges of diftraining and keeping fuch diftrefs fhall be paid ; and it (hall and may be lawful to and for the perfon or perfons fo diftraining, after the fpace of four days, from the time fuch diftrefs was made *and taken, to fell the fame by public auftion, and fatisfy and pay the faid toll or duty, and' the reafonable cofts and charges of fuch diftrefs, and keeping the fame, and fale thereof, be and they returning the overplus, (if any be), to the owner or owners thereof upon demand.

XXII.	And be it ena&ed, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the Add commiflioners, and their fuccef-

fersj'

>

Digitized by Google

The thirty-fifth Tear of George III.

2$l

lore, or a quorum of them, and they are hereby authorised A. D. and empowered to ere& and place a toll-houfe or toll-houfes, 179y. and toll-gate or toll-gates at, or near the faid bridge, and Chap. +8. the faid commiflioners, and their fucceflors, or a quorum ^ of them, and all and every perfon and perfons by them and receive toll* thereunto authorized, as hcrein-after mentioned, are here- &c.	*

by empowered to demand and receive at fuch gate or gates the tolls or duties by this aft impofed, before they fuller or permit the paflage of any perfon, carriage, cattle, goods, or other matter through the faid gate or gates.

XXIII. And be it enabled, That aS and every perfoq Perfon*who and perfons forcing a paflage through fuch gate or gates, for himfelf, herfelC or themfelves, or for any other perfon ^ ”1 or perfons, or for any carriage, cattle, goods, or other arobftruaxe-matter on which toll is payable, without having paid the criven, ficc. due and regulated tolls or duties payable thereon, or (hall fuhjeA to a ps-vvilfully or malicioufly deftroy, break, pull down, or in any cofbfto manner damage fuch toll-houfe or toll-houfes, gate or gates ^ levied by dif-fo to be ere&ed by virtue of this a£t,or (hall prevent, or in treft* wd if any manner obftru& the ere&ion of any fuch toll-houfe or diftrefs not fuf• houfes, gate or gates, or (hall prevent any of the receivers,	th***

colle&ors* or other perfons to be appointed by the laid com* mifltoners, or their iucceflbrg, or a quorum of them, for the colle&ing, or aflifting in the colle&ing fuch tolls, or (hall in any manner obftru& fuch receiver or receivers, colle&or,

€>r colle&ors, or other perfon or perfons, all and every perfon and perfons fo offeuding, (hall and may for every fuch offence, at the inftan.ee of the faid commiflioners or their fucccflors, or a quorum of them, or of the perfon or perfons appointed to receive or aflift in the collecting the laid tolls, be (pcrfonally, or by notice in writing left at his, her, or their ufual place of abode, with fome perfon above the age of Sixteen years redding therein, twenty-four hours at the lead, before the time appointed for his, her, or their appearance) required to appear before a neighbouring juf-tice or juftices of the peace, for the county in which fuch offence or offences (hall have been committed; which juf-tice or juftices of the peace (hall hear and determine the merits of fuch complaint in a Summary way, and upon proof of fuch offence by the oath or oaths of one or more witnefo or witnefles, (which oaths fuch juftice or juftices is and are hereby required to adminifter), or by the confeflion of the party, (hall, whether the parties or party complained againft appear or not, adjudge the offender or offenders to pay to the faid commiflioners and their fucceffors, or to the faid perfon or perfons by them authorized, fuch fum as to the faid juftice or juftices (hall feem meet, not exceeding teu pounds, together with the neceflary colls and charges

attending

Digitized by kjOOQle

*54

A&htdule. of tolls to be affixed on the bridge, jl. penalty on gate-keeper.

No building or (lands to be creeled on the bridge, except toll-houfes and gates.

Commiffioners may appoint re-

fifters, clerks, ;c. (14 days notice by advertisement being given) and may remove them, and appoint others fisc.

The thirty-fifth Tear of George! IT.

*ttending fuch conviction ; and in caCe of non-payment of the fum fo adjudged^ and the fyd cods, the fame dull be levied by didrefs of the goods and chattels of the offender or offenders,. by warrant under the hand and fcal, or hands and feal&of fuch juftice or judices of the peace; and if the fum fo adjudged, and the faid cods be oot paid, within four days after the time of making fuch didrcls, then 'the laid didrefs (hall and may be fold by publick auction, and the fum fo adjudged and cods, together with the co(b of dif-training, keeping, and foiling fueh diftrefs, (hall be thereout paid, and the overplus (if any be) returned to the owner or pwners thereof upon demand; and in cafe fufficient diftrefs cannot be made whereout to levy the faid fum fo adjudged , and cods, then the (aid juftice or judices of the peace, (hall and may, and he and they are hereby empowered aid required, to commit the perfon or perfons (o offending, to the common gaol of the county, in which fuch offence or offences (ball have been committed, there to remain without bad or mainprize, for fuch time not exceeding three months, as to the (aid juftice or juitioes of the peace (had feem meet,

.XXIV. And be it ena&ed, That on fome convenient and publick place on the faid intended bridge, and near to the tolLhouie or toll-houfes, toll-gate or toll-gates, to be ere&ed thereon, there (hall be affixed, a board or done, on which (hall be diftindtly and legibly painted or carved, a . fchedule of the tolls payable on the palling fuch gate, under the penalty of five pounds, to be recovered from the keeper of luch gate, by any., perfon who (hall fue for the (me, by civil bill at the affizes, in and for the county in which the faid fchedule (hall not have been fo affixed.

XXV. And be it ena&cd, That it (hall not be lawful ' taere& any houfe or building, or any (land or dands for (ale of. any goods, wares, or other matters whatsoever, upon the faid bridge fo to be built, otlier than fuch toll-houfe or toll houfes, toll-gate or toll-gates, as by the faid commiffioners or their fucceffors, or a quorum of them (hall be ordered or dire&ed, as herein mentioned.

* XXVT. And be it ena&ed, That the faid commifiioneis or their fucceffors, or a quorum of them, (hall and may by .writing under their hands and common foal, at any publick meeting of the faid commiffioners, fourteen days pre-vious notice of fuch meeting being given by publick advertisement, in manner herein before mentioned, appoint one or more regider or regifterSj clerk or clerks, treafurer or treafurere, receiver or receivers, colle&or or collc&orB of the monies to be received, purfuant to this a&, and fuch other officers as the (aid commiffioners or their fucccffon,

or

Digitized by v^ooQle

%

The thirtyjjftk Tear of George III.

or a quorum of them, (hall think neceflary,, and from time to time may, at their will and pleafure, remove fuch officers, and in like manner may appoint others in the room of any officer or officers removed, or that (hall happen to die ; and the faid commiffioners and their fuccefTors, or a quorum of them, ffiall and may take fuch fecurity from each and every perfon fo to be appointed for the due execution of their, and eaeh of their refpe&ive offices, as the faid commiffioners or their fucceflors, or a quorum of them fhall think proper; and fhall and may out of the money fub-feribed as aforefaid, and to be received by virtue of this a&, make reafonable allowances and payments to fuch officer and officers as (hall be fo appointed for, and in conn-deration of their refpe&ive fervices, and to fuch other per-fona as fhall be aiding and affifting in the execution of this a&.

*55 A. D.

^795-

Chap. 48.

XXVII.	And be it enabled, That fervice of fuch re-gift#, or any officer to be hereafter appointed by the faid commiffioners or their fucceflors, or a quorum of them, with any fubpoena, order, decree; or procefs of any court of law or equity, (hall be deemed good fervice of the faid com-miflioners and their fucceflors, fo as fuch fervice be made at lead fourteen days before the day of the return of fuch fubpoena, order, -decree, or procefs.

XXVIII.	And be it enadled, That all and every perfon and perfons liable to pay any of the tolls or duties by this a& impofed or made payable, do, and they are hereby required to pay the fame, after the rates aforefaid, to fuen receiver or receivers, coHe&or or colle&ors, as (hall be appointed by the faid commiffioners or their fucceflors, or a quorum ot them, and all and every fuch receivers and collegers, (hall refpe&ively pay the fame at all time and times when thereunto required by the faid commiffioners or their fucceflors, or a quorum of them, either to the treafurer to the faid commiffioners, or to fuch perfon or perfons as the (aid commiffioners or their fuccefforsj or a quorum of them, (hall by writing under their hands and common feal, empower and appoint to receive the fame; and all and every fuch receiver and receivers, colle&or and collectors, (hall alfo upon oath, if required by the faid commiffioners or their fucceflors, or a quorum of them, (which oath the faid commiffioners or their fucceflors, or a quorum of them, arc hereby empowered to adminifter) from time to time give in to the faid treafurer, or perfon or perfons appointed by the faid commiffioners or their fucceflors, or a quorum of them, to receive the fame, a true, exad, and perfect account in writing, (igned by him or them refpec-tively, of all and every monies which they and'each of them

refpedlively

Service of fubpeena, &c. on regifter, &c. deemed fervice, if made 14 days before return.

Tolls to be paid to cr Hectors, who fh-Il pay perfon appointed by commiffioners, and account on oath.

Digitized by LsOOQle

2jS

The thirty •fifth Ttar of George Ilf.

A. D.

>795-

Chap. 48.

Colle&or ne-gle&ingtomake payment 1 days after demand, to be committed.

Colle&orswho demand more than tolls hereby allowed, fhall he fined jl.

Penalty on perfons who defraud collcaors.

"When bridge ttfintfhed, the paflage (hall be opened, Ac, as herein.

refpe&ively fliall have received, paid and difbarfed, from time to time, by virtue of this aft, or by reafon of his or their refpedtive offices, f which oath may be taken without being fubjedUd to any ftamp duty,} and.no fee or reward fhall be taken for the fame ; and m cafe any receiver or receivers, colleftor or collectors of the faid tolls or duties, fhall not within two days after demand thereby make fuck account and payment as herein dire&ed, then any juftice or juftices of the peace for the county'of Wexfprd, or county of Kilkenny, fhall and may commit the perfon or perfons fo refufing or negle&ing, unto the common gaol of the cx>unty for which he or they is or are a juftice or juftices df the peace, there to remain without bail or maiuprize, until he or they fhall have made true account and payment as herein directed, or until difeharged by the faid commiffioners or their fucceffors, or a quorum of them.

XXIX.	And be it ena&ed, That if any receiver or receivers, collector or colle&ora of the faid tolls, fhall demand or exaft from, or compel any perfon or perfons to pay any toll or duty, not authorized by this aft, or any greater toll or duty than of right ought to be paid by fuch perfon or perfons, every fuch receiver or receivers, collector or colle&ors, fhall for each and every fuch offence, for-feit the fum of five pounds, to be recovered in a fummary way, before any neighbouring juftice or juftices of the peace for the county m which fuch unlawful toll or duty fhall have been demanded or exa&ed, upon proof by the perfon or perfons from whom the fauie fhall have been fo demanded or exadled.

XXX.	And be it enabled, That if any perfon or perfons fhall deceive or defraud, 01* attempt to deceive or defraud any receiver or colle&or, to be appointed in purfuance of this a£t, of any part of the toll or duty which fhall be juft-ly payable to him or them by fuch perlon or perfons, every fuch perlon or perfons fo offending, and being thereof con-vi£led before any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the county of Wexford, or county of Kilkenny, fhall refpe&ively forfeit and pay fuch fum, not exceeding twenty ihillings, over and befides the toll or duty which he, (he, or they, were liable to pay, as to fuch juftice or juftices of the peace fhall feem meet, the fame to be levied and recovered as any other penalty or forfeiture is by this aft dire&ed t* be levied and recovered, and applied to the ufe of the (aid commiffioners and their fucceffors.

XXXI.	And to the intent that the paffage over the faid intended bridge, be at all times open, and be rendered fafe, commodious, and free from obftru&ions; be it ena&ed, That fo foon as the faid bridge fliall be completely finilhed,

•	the

3

The tterty-tfijih Tear of George III.	257

the paffage over the fame {hall be open, and be deemed and A*. D. ufed as a common highway for ever; and that all carriages	1795.

paffing over the faid bridge from the faid town of New Rofs, Chap. 48. shall go on the fouth fide thereof; and all carriages palling over tne faid bridge from the county of Kilkenny fide (haft

So on the north fide thereof; and that no coachman or driver o Hand or ply for hire with any coach or carriage whatfo-ever, or leave or keep any empty coach or carriage of any kind on the faid bridge, or within one hundred yards of eJ? ther end thereof; and that no carman, carter, or drayman, or driver of any carriage whatfoever, do wilfully or withouf abfolute necefiity, ftop or (land with, or leave any cart, carf dray, waggon, truckle, or carriage of any kind upon the laid bridge, or within one hundred yards of either end there* of, or remain on the faid bridge, or within one hundred yards of either end thereof, longer than (hall be neceffary '> for going over the fame ; and that no perfon or perfons do put any filth, dung, alhes, or rubbilh on the faid bridge, or do any aft that may be an annoyance thereto ; and that all and every perfon and perfons offending in any of the faio cafes, (hall and may be apprehended and feized by any perfon or perfons, and brougnt before any juftice orjuftices of the peace for the cdunty in which fuch offence or offences (hall be committed, ana every fuch offender and offenders being of any of the faid offences convifted before fuch juftice or juftices of the peace, upon the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, or by bis, her, or their con fef; lion, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay fuch fum pot exceeding twenty (hillings, nor lefs than two IhillinM and fix-pence, as the faid juftice or juftices of the peace (hall direft, fuch fum tp go and be applied to the ufe of the. perfon or perfons informing againft and jpprehending fuch offender or offenders, in fuch (hares as mall be directed by the faid juftice or juftices of the peace before whom fucq, offender or offenders (hall be convifted; and in default of immediate payment of fucb film, the faid offender or offenders (hall be committed by the faid juftice or juftices of the peace tp the common gaol of the county of which he or they, js, or are a juftice or juftices of the peace, for fuch time not exceeding five days a9 the faid juftice or juftices of the peace (hall direft.

XXXII.	And be it enafted. That no order which (hall ^ No order of* be made by any juftice or juftices of the peace by virtue of this aft, 01 any proceedings to be had touching the convic- V*™®* tion of any offender or offenders againft this aft, (hall be ~ qualhed or vacated for want of form only, or be removed or removable by certiorari, or any other writ or procefs whatfoever, into any of his MaieftyY courts of record in Dublin.

V01.X.	R	7000$.

Digitized by Google

Perfons aggrieved may appeal to next quarter fefliona.

Pei fens who injure bridge, 4cc. (ball fufitr death.

Owners of veflcls anfwetai blc for damage done to bridge, Ac. as herein.

The thirty-fifth Tear of George III.

XXXIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby ena&cd* That in cafe any perfon or perfons (hall think him, her, or themfclves aggrieved by any order or proceedings of any juftice or juilices of the peace, which (hall he made or had under this aft, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch ptrfon or perlons to appeal to the juilices of the peace for the county in which fuch order or proceedings (hall have been made or had at the next enfuing general quarter fellions to he held in and for the faid county, and the juilices at fuch General quarter fellions are hereby required to hear and final* ly determine all and every fuch appeal and appeals, and award to the party or parties for whom fuch appeal (hall be determined. Inch cods as to them in their difcretion fhall feem reafonable, tlie fame to be levied by the warrant of* fuch judices, by didrefs and fale of the goods and chattel* of the perfon or perfons awarded and ordered to pay fuch cods.

XXXIV.	And for the preventing wilful or malicious damage or dtftruftion of the faid bridge fo to be built or any part thereof; be it enafted, That if any perfon or perfons whofoever, fhall unlawfully, wilfully, or mrlicioufly blow up, pull down, or dedroy the faid bridge, or any part thereof, or remove, pull down, or dedroy, or take away any works thereto belonging, or in any wife direft or procure the fame to be done, whereby the lives of pafTenger* or other perfons (hall or may be endangered, fuch offender or offenders being thereof lawfully convifted, fhall be adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall fuffer death a9 a felon.

XaXV. And be it enafted, That the owner or owners of eveiy (hip, veffel and boat navigating the faid river of Rofs, mall be anfwerable for all damages or mifchief which (hall be committed or dime to the faid bridge, or any part thereof, by any of the crew or perfons belonging to fuch (hip, veffel, or boat; and that in cafe any perfon or perfons having the charge or management of any fuch (hip, veffel, or boat, or navigating the fame, (hall negleft or omit to take proper care to moor or make fad fuch (hip, veffel, or boat, and ill confequence of fuch negleft or onnflion, the faid (hip, veffel, or boat (hall run foul of the faid bridge, and thereby* or in any other manner damage the faid bridge, or any part thereof, all and every perfon and perfons fo offending, (hall forfeit to the faid commillioncrs or their fucceflbrs treble the fum nectffary to be laid put in repairing fuch damage, to be recovered by aft ion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record, or by civil bill in the court of proper jurifdiftion; and that any perfon who thall moor or lay any (hip, veffel, or boat, fo as to prevent ©*• obdruft the paflage of any (hip or veffel through th*

portculhs

N

Digitized by ^.ooQle

Thi thirty-fifth Tear of George III#	*59

pqrtcuUisof the faid bridge, and (Kail not'upon demand im- A. D. , mediately remove the fame, or any perfon having the charge	1795.

or management of any (hip or veflel, who (hall demand the Chap. 48. opening of fuch portcullis, before the yards or rigging of the (hip or veflel he (hall have the charge or management of, (hall be in proper trim) and the faid (hip or veflel properly moored and ready for pafling through the faid portcullis without delay, or who (hall in any manner occaiion the faid portcullis to be kept open, and the free pafiage over the faid bridge dbftructed for any longer time than abfo-lutely neccflary for the paflage of fuch (hip or veflel through the fame, every perfon and perfons fo offending, (hall upon complaint to the fovereign, deputy-fovereign, recorder, or other magiftrate or magiftrate* of the faid town of New- ,

Rofs, forfeit and pay to the perfon or perfons complaining, fudh fum or fums not exceeding five pound* for each offence, as the faid fovereign, deputy Sovereign, recorder, magiilrate or magiftrates, upon due proof of fuch offence, (hall award or adjudge, and in cafe of non-payment of the fum or fuma fo awarded, the faid fovereign, deputy, fovereign, recorder, magiftrate or magiftrates, (hall and may by warrant under his or their hand and feal, or hands and feals, order and' di-ied that any of the furniture, tackle, Apparel, or other articles belonging to fuch (hip or veflel, fumcient to fatisfy the faid fum or fums fo awarded or adjudged, be didraincd, and if not redeemed within two days after fuch diftrtfs be fold for payment of the faid fum or fums, and the reafonable cods and charges of jfuch dillrefs and fale, rendering the overplus, if any, to the perfon or perfons from whom the fame (hall have been fo taken.

XXXVI.	And be it ena&ed, That the re(pedive pro- proprietor* of prietors of the faid joint (lock, their executors, adminiftra- dock,entitled tors, or afllgns, (hall be entitled to the tolls, duties, and tolls, $%c. at profits hereby veiled in the faid commilfioners and their fuc- herein, ceflors, in proportion td their refpe&iye (hares of, and inte-reft in the laid joint (lock of the faid company, fubjed to fuch charges as the faid commiflioners or their fuccefiors, or a quorum of them (hall think fit, to make for the complet-ing, preferving, or repairing the faid intended bridge, and , for the other purpofes by this ad authorized; and that the clear profits which (hall arife from the tolls and duties^ hereby granted, or fo much thereof as by the faid commifliorers, or their fucceflors, or a quorum of them, (hall be deemed expedient and proper, (hall on each firft day of May, and firft day of November, or within twenty-one days after the faid refpe&ive days, be paid to and amongft the. refpedive proprietors of the faid joint (lock, in proportion to their refpedive (hares and interefts therein ; and that the faid pro-

11 2	prietors

Digitized by

Google4

The thirty-jifth Teat of George III.

A. D. prietors inteTeft in the faid joint flock, (hall be deemed 'and %	*795-	adjudged	in	all	dourts	of	law	and	equity, to be perfonal and

Chap. 48. not real eftate j and tha^t no perfon being or* becoming a fub-feriber for carrying on the faid work, *or a proprietor of part of the faid joint ftock, (hall thereby be liable to be a bankrupt within the meaning of any law concerning bankrupts ? not (hall the capital ftock of the faid compaiw, or the inte-#	reft of any member or members therein, be liable to any fo-

reign attachment.

Co*, miflionm XXXVII. Arid be ft enabled, That it fhall and may be snayfet, *Uf for lawful to and for the faid commiffioncrs, or tbeir fucoeflors, 10 years, &c. of a qUOfuui of them, to demife or fet the laid tolls, or any tolls appointed by virtue of this aft, for any term not exceeding ten years; and the faid commifDoners, or theft- fuc-ceffors, or a quorum of them, are empowered and hereby tequired under their hands and common feal, to appoint the tenant or tenants thereof, his or their fervant or fenrants, to colled and receive fuch tolls for the (kid term, and to ered filch toll-gate or gates as aforefaid, and the faid commiffion-ers, and their fuccelfors, or a quorum of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to make and ordain fuch rules and regulations as they fhall judge expedient and neccflary for the better colleding the tolls aforefaid.

AAionsor XXXVIIL And be it ena&ed, That if any a£Hon (hall fiits for things	brought, orfuit commenced againft kny perfon orperfons

trXT ^0^, or ot1 account aT1T matter or thing by him, her, or mence, ^	them done in purfuance of this ad, or in relation to any

herein.	matter or thing herein contained, fuch adion or fuit (hall be

commenced, laid, or brought within fix months next after the fed done, and (hall be laid in the county of Wexford, or county of Kilkenny, and not elfewhere ; and the defendant or defendants in fuch adion or fait, may plead the general iffue, and give this ad and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this ad ; and if the fame mall appear to have been fo done, or if fuch action or fuit fhall not be brought within the faid time hereby limited, or (haft be brought in any city, county, or place, other than as aforefaid, then the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall become non-fuited, or fuffer a difcontinuance of his, her, or their adion or adions, or if a verdid or verdida (hall pafs ,	againft him, her, or them, or if upon demurrer or otherwife

judgment (hall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, then the faid defendant or defendants (hall have treble cofts, and (hall have fuch and the like remedies for recovery of the fame, a$ any defendant Or defendants hath or have for reco-\	very



6

The thirtyJixth Tear of George III.	26*

very of their cofts, where cofts are by law giver! to 4e- A* D. fendants.	I795*

XXXIX, And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That this aft fhall be deemed a publick aft, and (hall in all cafes be taken notice of as fuch by all judges, justices, and other perfons Whoinfoever, without fpecially pleads ing tlie fame.

The Thirty-fixtl^ Year of GEORGE HI,

C fl A P. IV,

An A8 to amend cut A8 pajfed In the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Tears of his prefent Mayfly's Reign, for continuing, amend* trig, and making more effectual an At7 pajfed in the Thirteenth Tear of the Reign oj his late Majejly George the Secondt for repairing tljc Road leading from Timoho, in the Queen's County, through Ballinakill, Harrow, Beggars Inn, and from theryce through the City of Cajhel, to the Tawn of Tip* per ary, in the County of Tipperary.

WHEREASt by an aft paffed in 'this kingdom, in the

fifteenth and fixteenth years of the reign, of his pre- Aedtal ij fc Cent Majefty, entitled, An aft fdr continuing, amending, and *6 0. 3. making more ejfeftual an aft pajfed in the thirteer\th year of the reign of his late Majejly King George the fecond, entitled, An aft for repairing the road leading from_ Tmoho, in the Queen's county v through Ballinakill, Harrow, Beggars Inn, and from thence through the city of Cajhel\ to the town of Tipperary, in the county of Tipperary, it is enafted, That no perl'oh or per-fons (hall be obliged to pay any of the tolls therein mentioned, more than once in the fame day, in either of the di-vifions of the laid road, but that every perfon having paid the toll or duty thereby impofed at any one of the gates, erefted, or to be erefted on the faid road, within the limit9 therein fpecified, (hall be permitted to pafs free through the feveral gates oa the laid divilion, at any time during the fame day: And whereas the extent of the M uniter ,divi(ion of the faid road is twenty-five miles, and one payment of the toll or duty impofed by thq faid aft, is infufEcient to provide a fund for the repair of the faid divifion of the faid^ road; be it enafted by the King’s mod excellent Majefty,'

>y and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual

'	and

A publick aft."

Digitized by

2 6z

The Mrtyfoth Tpar of George III.

A. J>.

1796.

Oll3p>

Munfter divifion fli\*t be divide^ into *,ficc. mi herein.

, Tolls to he paid only opce.

collet ors to give tickets, penalty j*.

Every car (hall pay ad. fisc, as herein.

and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament af* ferobled, and by the authority of the fame, That tlic (aid road extending from the bounds thereof; between the counties of Kilkenny and Tipperary, through the city of Ca(hel to the town of Tipperary in the county of Tipperary, and called the Munfter divifion, (hall \>e and is hereby divided, into two divilions, the one from the commencement thereof adjoining the county of Kilkenny to Grange turnpike gate, and the other from the faid Grange turnpike gate toTip-perary ; and that in each divifion there (hall be paid for4 each and every coach, fcnc]au, chariot, chaifc, phaeton, cabriolet, curricle, chair, waggon, wain, cart, car, or other carriage, horfe,* mare, gelding, afs, mule or other bead of burthen, bx, or other neat cattle, calf, hog, (heep or lamb, the like tolls as by law are now payable at any gate ererited dn the faid road.

II.	Provided always, That no perfon (hall be liable to pay any of the faid tolls more than once in the fame day, in the fame divifion, with the fame cattle and carriage, but that every perfon after having paid faid toll once, in either of the faid Munfter divifions, may, during the remainder of the fame day, every fuch day to be computed from twelve o’clock at night to twelve o’clock the fuccceding night, pafs and re-pafs toll free, through every pay-gate on the fame divifion, with the fame cattle and carriage, for which fuch toll (hall have been paid, on producing a ticket denoting the payment of fuch toll, which ticket every colle&or is hereby required to give gratis, oh receiving the toll, upon pain of forfeiting five (hillings for every omiffion or refufal, Upon convi&ion before any juftice of the peace of the county in which the offence (hall be committed, or before any of the commiffionert or truftees of the faid road, every of whom ire hereby authorized to examine into the fame and admi-nifter oaths for that purpofe.

III.	And whereas by the faid recited a&, cars or other carriages draw’ll by one horfe, mare, gelding, or other beaft, if fuch car or other carriage he loaden with turf, are chargeable with a toll or duty of one penny only, and every other car or carriage drawu in like manner, is lubjeft to the pay-

. ment of two pence; be it enabled. That in the Munfter divifion there (nail be paid for every car or other carriage dtawn by one horfe, mare, gelding, or other beaft of burthen, whether fuch car or carriage be loaden with turf or otherwife, the fum of two pence, any law, ftatute, or cuf-tom to the contrary not with (landing; provided that every fuch car or carriage loaden with turf, (hall pay but once in the fame day, and no more than two pence, though it (hould

Digitized by v^ooQle

The tkirty jixth Year of George III.

pafs through all the turnpike-gates in the (aid Munfter (fi-▼iiions.

IV.	And be it enafted, That none of the tolls or duties impofed and payable by the faid recited aft, or by this prefcnt aft, (hall be demanded, received, or payable at any gate an the faid road, whereon, or immediately adjoining to which there fhall not be affixed a board, whereon {hall be painted in large legible charafters, a fchedule of the tolls and duties payable on the palling fuch gate, anything in the faid recited aft, or herein contained to the contrary not-witli Handing.

V.	And be it enafted, That the term mentioned in the faid recited aft, be encreafed, and is hereby encreafed to a term of forty-one years, from the firll day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-fix, and from the end of the faid term, to the end of the then next felfion of parliament ; and that the feveral tolls arifmg therefrom, fhall ftand as a fecurity for the feveral debentures that are now charges under, and by virtue of the faid herein before recited aft or ads.

q H A P. VI-

No duty paid where a fche-dule not affixed.

Term encreafed to 4^ years, at herein.

An A8 for imdemnifying fuch Perfons as have a8ed ft nee the Firfl Day of Januaryy One thoufand feven hundred and ninety-jivey for the Prefervation of the public Peace, and SuppreJJion of the Infur regions prevailing in fomc Parts of this Kingdom.

WHEREAS during the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninetv-hve, feveral parts of this kingdom were diffused by treJfonable infurreftions, ,of perfons af-fumiiig the name of defenders, and the lives and properties of many peaceable and faithful fubjefts dellroyed, and feveral of his Majefly's juflices of the peace and other officers and peifons, in order to preferve the public peace, the lives and properties of his Majefty's faithful fubjefts, and to fup-prefs and put an end to fuch infurfeftions, have apprehended feveral criminals and perfons fufpefted of aiding and affixing in the faid infurretlions, and of prompting not and tumults, and of harbouring eyil defigus again ft his Majefly's government, and, without due authority, have feut other criminal or fufpefted perfons out of the kingdom, for his Majefly’s feryice, and alfo fei^ed arms and entered into the houfes and pofleffions of feveral perfons, and done divers other afts not juftifiable by law, but which were yet fo much for the public fervice, and fo neceffary for the fupprdfing’

of

Digitized by v^ooQle

AHa&fctos, Arc. igainltms-giftrates, Ac fir things done fine* I Jan. *79.5» to prefervc the peac*>&c. (hall D€ void, ficc. U

AAisat, fire, to commence, as herein.

Hot to bar complaints, Ac.

Tie tUrtyftkA Y§dt if George IU.

of foth infiarre&ioBS, and for the prefcrvatiott of the public peace, that the perfons by whom they were tranfa&ed ought to be indemnified $ be it therefore enaded by the King’s mo ft. excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the Fame, That all perfonal adions, fuits, indictments, informations, attachments, moleftations, prosecutions and proceedings whatever, judgments and orders, if any be againft the faid magiftrates and perfons, for or by reafon of any matter or thing commanded, appointed, or done, fince the firft day of January, in the year one thou&nd feven hundred and ninety-6ve, in order to fupprefs the faid rafur-reetions, and for the preservation of the public peace, or for the faftty of the ftate, (hall be difeharged and made void j and that every perfon by whom any fuch ad, matter or thing, full have been advifed, commanded, appointed, or done, for the purpofes aforefaid, fince the firft day of January, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-five, (hall be freed, acquitted and indemnified, as well againft the King’s Majefty, hit heirs and fucceflors, as againft all and every other perfon and perfons, and that if any profecution, adi-on, or fuit, hath been, or (hall be commenced or profecuted againft any perfon for any fuch ad, matter, or thing, fo advifed, commanded, appointed or doqp, for the purpofes Aforefaid, or any of them, (ie or (he may plead the general iflue, and give this ad and the fpecial matter in evidence ; fend if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nolf-fiiit, or forbear further profecution, or fuffer di {continuance, or if a verdid pafs againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (hall recover hit, her, or their double cofts, for which he, (he, or they (hall have the like remedy as m cafes in which cofts by law are given ft defendants.

II.	And be it further eoaded, That if any'adiou, fuit, . plaint or information, (hall be commenced or profecuted againft any perfon or perfons, for what he, or they (halt have done fince the firft day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-five, in order to fupprefs the faid infnr* ivdions, and for the prefervation of the public peace, or for the fafety of the ftate, the fame (hall be commenced within fix months from the palling of this ad, and (hall be brought or laid within the county where the fad was committed.

III.	Provided always. That nothing in thp ad contained, (hall bar the complaint,^ fuit, or adion of any perfon who (hall by diftance, ficknefs, or other inevitable neceffityy have been prevented from returning to this kingdom witknr three years from the paffiag of this ad, provided he * *

commence

Digitized by v^ooQle

The thirty-fixth Year of George III.	-	b6f

commence and bring fuch his a&ion within fix months after	A*	D.

fuch his return.	1796.

IV.	And be it further enacted. That any perfon appre-bended, and fent abroad in his Majcfty’s fervice as aforesaid, Perfons fcnt being at the time he was fo fent abroad charged before a abroad charged magi It rate with any offence, fave the crimes of rape or teTcimk-^ murder, fhall be acquitted of fuch offeoce, and it (haU be ^	.	*

lawful for any fuch perfon if brought hereafter to trial for any fuch offence^ fave as aforeftid, upon pleading not guilty, to give {He' faid fpecial matter in evidence, and proof thereof being made to the iatitfaftion of the jury, flutli be acquitted of fuch offence.

CHAP. VIT,

An AH to further explain and amend an A39 paffed m the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Tears of His prefent Ma-jejly's Reign, entitled, An AS for eflabu/bing a Pof-Offiee Amended jS q. within this Kingdom, and to explain and amend an AS faffed 3* 47* in the Twenty-eighth Year of His prefers Mayeflfs Retgn> entitled. An AS to explain and amend an AS, paffed in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of His prefent Met*

Jeffs Reign, entitled, An ffS for oftamflnng a Pofl-Qffioe within this Kingdom•

WHEREAS by an aft paffed in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth Years of his prefent Majefty's reign, entitled, An aS for efablifblmg a •office witJup this king-dom9 and alfo by an aft paffed in the ^wenty-eighth year of his (aid Majefty’s reigp, entitled. An aSto explain and amend On mB paffed in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of his prefent Majeftfs reign, entitled, An dS for eflahB/btng a jbofl-omce within this ihtgdom, or by one of faid afts, it is enacted, that if any officer or other perfon whatfoever, in any wife •fting under or by firtue of the fajd recited aft of the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of his prefent Majefty’s reign, or undef or by virtue of tfie faid recited aft of the twenty-eighth year of his (aid Majefty’q reign, or under err by virtue of any other aft paffed in this kingdom relative to the poft-office, or any deputy, derk, agent, letter-carrier, poft-boy, or rider, or any other officer or perfon wbfttfoever, employed Or to be hereafter employed in receiving, ftamping, fortmgv charging, carrying, conveying, or delivering letters dt packets, or in any other bufineft relating to the pofl-officc, mall wilfully fecretc, embezzle or deftroy, or fhall wflfully yenmt, or fufier aty>otfaer perfon *r perfoot vriUbBytofe->	'	’	^rcte^

Recital of 23 and 24 G. a and 28 G. 3.6tc*

Digitized by Google

«Uubt* how far Cud a&s extend;

•erfom embezzling, See, letters, &c. m herein, guilty of felony.

The thirlyfixth Year of George III.

Crete, embezzle, or deftroy, or if any other perfon or p6-fons (hall with or without the confent of any fuch clerk, deputy, agent, letter-carrier, poll-boy or rider, or other officer or perfon whatfoever employed as aforefaid, wilfully ft-Crete, embezzle, or deftrov auy letter or letters, packet or packets, bag or mail of letters with which any fuch deputy, clerk, agent, letter-carrier, poll-boy or rider, or other officer, or perfon whatfoever, to be employed as aforefeid, Hull and may be refpedively entrufled, or which (hill hare come to his, her, or their hands or poflefGon, which (hall contain any of the vouchers, fecurities, papers, matters, or tilings therein mentioned, or any part of them, or of any of them, or lhall (leal or felonioufly take out of any letter or packet that (hall come to his, her, or their hands or poffeffion, any of the vouchers, fecurities, papers, natters or things therein mentioned, or any part of them, or any of than, or any other fecurity or fecurities, or matter, or paper, or thing whatfoever, or any part of them, or any of them, for tl^ payment of money, or whereby or \yhereon any fum of money may be had, gotten, received or recovered, or fiiall (leal, or felonioufly take out of any letter or packet that lhall come to his, her, or their hands or pofleffion, any part of any of the vouchers, fecurities, papers, matters or things therein mentioned, or any part of any other fecurity or fecurities, paper, matter or thing whatfoever, for the payment of money, whether money can be had, gotten, received or recovered thereby, or thereon, or not, every fuch offender or offenders being thereof convicted by due courfe of law, fhaH be deemed guuty of felony, and lhall fuffer death a$ a felon without benefit of clergy: and whereas doubts have arifeq whether the faid recited ads extend to perfons receiving letters, packets, bags, or mails of letters fo feereted or embezzled, or the vouchers, fpeurities, papers, matters, ot things therein contained, or which (ball or may be ftulen out of any letter, packet, bag or mail of letters as aforefaid, knowing the fame to have been feereted, embezzled or ftolcn ; be it enaded by the King’s moff excellent Majefty. by and with the advice 3nd confent of the lords fpirituaj and temporal and commons in this prefent parliament af-lembled, and by the authority of the fame, That if any officer or other perfon whatfoever, in any wife ading under, or by virtue of the faid recited ad of the twenty-third and tweuty-fourth years of his prefent Msyefty’s reign, or undef or by virtue of the faid recited ad of the twenty-eighth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, or under or by virtue of this - ad, or under or by virtue of any other ad paffed or to be paffed in this kingdom relative to the poll-office, or any deputy, clerk, agent, letter-carrier, poft-boy, or rider, or

any

2

Digitized by

GoogI

The thirty fix th Tear of George IIL	167

any other officer or perfon whatfoever employed, or to be A* D. . hereafter employed in receiving, (lamping, Sorting, charg- 1796. ing, carrying, conveying, or delivering Tetters or packets, Chap, 7. or in any other bufinefs relating to the pod-office, (hall wil-	j

fully fecrete, embezzle or dedroy, or (hall wilfully permit or fuller any other perfon or perfons wilfully to fecrete, embezzle, or dellroy, or if any other perfon or perfons (hall, with or without the confent of any fuch clerk, deputy, agent, letter-carrier, pod-boy or rider, or other officer or perfon whatfoever employed as aforefaid, wilfully fecrete, embezzle, or dedroy any letter or letters, packet or packets, bag or mail of letters with which any fuch deputy, clerk, agent, letter-carrier, pod-boy, or rider, or other officer or perfon whatfoever, to be employed as aforefaid, (hall and may be refpe&ively entruded, or which (hall have come to Jiis, her, or their hands or pofleffion, which thall contain any bank note, bank pod-bill, bill of exchange, treafury or exchequer bill, debenture or acquittance, South-fea, Eaft-Intlia or city of Dublin bond, dividend, warrant of the bank of Ireland or England, South-fea, Ead-India or other company, fociety or corporation, navy or vidlualling, or tranfport bill, ordnance-debenture, Seaman’s ticket, Iriffi or Britiffi date lottery ticket, or (hare of any fuch ticket, bank, treafury or other receipt for payment of any public loan, note of affignment of dock in the Iriffi or Britiffi funds, letter of attorney for receiving annuities or dividends, or for felling ftock in the funds of Ireland or Great Britain, or belonging to any company, Society or corporation, gold-fmith or bankers letter of credit, or note for or relating to the payment of money or bond, or warrant of attorney, draft, bill, or promi(Tory note, or other Security, or fecu-rities, or paper, voucher, or thing whatfoever, for the payment of money, or whereby, or whereon any fum of money may be had, gotten, received, or recovered, or which (hall contain any part ef the Said Several vouchers, Securities, papers, matters, or things herein before mentioned, or of any of them; or (hall deal, or fcloniouily take out of any letter or packet that (hall come to his, her, or their bands or pofleffion, any pf the vouchers, Securities, papers, matters, or things herein before mentioned, or any part of them, or of any of them, or any other Security or Securities, or matter, or paper, or thing whatfoever, or any part of them, or any of them, for the payment of money, whereby, or whereon any fum of money may be had, gotten, received, or recovered, or (hall deal, or felonioufly take out of any letter or packet that (hall come to his, her, or their hands or pofleffion, any part of any of the vouchers, Securities, papers, matters or things, herein before mentioned,

: ■	or

Digitized by v^ooQle

Tie thirty-fixth Tear ofGtorgt III.	i

A. D.	or my part of any other fecurity or fecuritifcs, paper, mat*	i

1796.	ter or thing whatsoever, for the payment of money, whe-	|

ther money can be had, gotten, received or recovered thereby or thereon or not; or if any perfon or perfoos (hall | receive any fuch letter or letters, packet or packets, bag or [ jnail of letters, fo as aforefaid fecreted, or embezzled, or any of the vouchers, fee unties^ papers, matters or things I herein before mentioned, contained in fuch letter, or letters, packet or packets, bag or mail of letters, or any part of them, or any of them knowing the fame to havd been wilfully fccreted, or embezzled as aforefaid, or if any perfon or perfons (hall receive any of the vouchers, fee unties, | or papers, or any part of them, or any matter, article or thing, which (hall have been felonioufly taken out of any letter or letters, packet, or packets, bag, or mail of letters, * knowing the fame to have been (lolen, or felonioufly taken as aforefaid. every fuch offender or offenders being thereof eonvided by due cowrie of law, (hall be deemed guilty of felony, and (hall fuffer death as a felon, without benefit of

deroy-

Recovers of II. And be it enaded, That every perfon fo receiving any letters, ^c. cm- fuch letter or letters, packet or packets, bag, or m3 of healed, lice. letters, fo wilfully and felonioufly fccreted, or embezzled as gvwty of felony, aforefaid, or any matter, article, or thing therein contained^ wa>	or which (hall have been felonioufly taken therefrom, or

thereout, knowing the fame to have been fccreted or embezzled, or ftolen, or felonioufly taken as aforefaid, (haH be deemed and taken to be a principal felon, and (hall be triable for fuch offence, and being cojmfted thereof in due courfe of law, (hall fuSer death, as a felon, without benefit of clergy, although the perfon or perfons who (hall have actually fccreted, or embezzled fuch letter or letters, packed or packets, bag, or mail of letters, or who (haB have felonioufly taken any of the articles, matters, or things afore* find therefrom, or thereout, (hall not have been previoufly ^onvt&ed, tried, or apprehended.

CHAP. IX.

An A& for the further Regulation of Public Infirmanet, tr Hofpitak.

FOR the better enabling the governors, or governefiesof' the feveral infirmaries, or hofpitals, eflab&hed by virtue of an ad, paffed in the fifth year of his prefcnt Mar-jefty, entitled, An a& for creating and cfabltfb'mg pubTtc m-

firman#}

\

Digitized by

Google

The thirty ft xtb Tear of George III.

Jirmartes, or hofpitals in this kingdom, to bring the treafurers of the (aid feveral infirmaries, or hofpitals, to account for the due application of the feveral fums heretofore received, or hereafter to be received by them refpeftively, for the ufe of the faid feveral infirmaries, 'or hofpitals ; be it enafted by the King’s mofl excellent Majefty, by and with the confen£ and advice of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and common* in Parliament aflembled, and by authority of the fame.

That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any governor or goverijefs of any fuch hofpital, to prefent a petition to the high court of chancery, or to the court of exchequer, pray-ing the aid of the faid courts refpeftively, to bring futh treafurer* to treafurers to account for the fums of money which have account, been, or (hall be fo refpeftively received by them, and the court to which fuch petition (hall be prefented, (hall immediately order fuch treafurer to anfwer fuch petition within a reafonable time, and (hall proceed in a fummary way, according to the courfe of fuch court, to compel fuch trea-farer to account and to pay, and duly apply the balance which (hall appear to be in his hands.

II.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe fuch trea- Treafurers furer (hall omit, or refufe to anfwer fuch petition, within not the time limited by the order for anfwering the fame, or lhall omit, or refufe to account, within the time limited by the order of fuch court, or (hall omit, or refufe to pay and apply any balance, which (hall appear to be in his hands, in filch manner as (hall be direfted by fuch court, then, and in every fuch cafe refpeftively, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch court, by order, to remove fuch treafurer from his office, and fuch treafurer (hall m fuch cafe, be incapable of being re-elefted to fuch office.

HI. And be it further enafted, That from and after Nofnrgm the palling of this aft, no perfon (hall be capable of being to be elected elefted fuigeon to a county infirmary, or hofpital, who (haB ™£.hout /*.*?**“ not previoufly have obtained letters-teftimonial of his qualifi-cation, under the feal of the royal college of furgeons in gcoa^

Ireland, and that no other qualification, or examination,

(hall be neceflary to make any perfon capable of being elefted furgeon to fuch infirmary or hofpital, any former aft, or daufe in an aft, to the contrary notwithftanding.

Governor* tasy

CHAP.

Digitized by L-ooQle

% 70

A. D,

The thirtyfixlh Tear of George Jit.

chap: xii.

An Aft to amend an Aft, puffed in the Thirteenth and Four-teertth Tears of King George the Third, entitled, An Ad for the belter regulating the Office of County Treafurers, end the Duty of Clerks of the Crown in refpetl of Preferments $ and to enable the Grand Jury of the County of IVicklow to raife Money by Preferment, for purchasing of Ground or Houfes adjoining to the Court-Houfe of faid County, for the Purpofe oj bhilding Additions to the faid Court-Houfe.

Graad juries to date amount •f queries, &e.

Security to be given by county Ucafurcxs.

WHEREAS the fccurities required by the faid a&, to be given by the treafurer of counties, are in fdme inftances infufficient, from the increafed amount of the money presented to be raifed ; be it ena&ed by the King’s nioft excellent Majefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That every grand jury' fhall, at every fpring and fum-mer afiizes, Hate m the way of presentment, the total ariiount of the queries on the query-book for laid afiizes; and alfo the amount of the balance in the treafurer** hands j and alfo the amount of the fecurity given by the treafurer; arid that it (hall not be lawful for any judge of aflize to fiat any prefentment, at any afiize for railing money, unlefs fuch ftatement fhall be made in the way of prefentment by the grand jury, and by them laid before the court.

II. And be it further enacted. That it fhall be lawful for every grand jury, at every fpring and fummer afiizes, to prefent, and for the court to fiat fuch prefentments, that the treafurer of the county fhall give further fecurity, by procuring one or more furety or fureties to enter into a recognizance or recognizances, conditioned in like manner is the recognizance entered into by the treafurer, under the provifion of the aforefaid adt, and with the like affidavit or affidavits at the foot thereof, to fuch amount in the whole as fiicti grand jury fhall judge expedient; every which recognizance may be entered into at fuch afiizes, or at auy general or other feflions of the peace, to be held before the next enfuing afiizes, as the grand jury fhall in fuch prefentment diredfc, and fhall be depofited by the clerk of the crowa or clerk of the peace, and duly entered by him in his Ma-jefty’s court of exchequer, and fuch procefs may iflue thereon, as is ufual in cafe of recognizance entered into the faid

•fourt.

III. And

Digitized by L^ooQle

The thirtyfixth Tear of George III,

III* And be it further en3&ed, That if any treafurer fhall omit, negleft, or refufe to provide further furety or Sureties, who fhall enter into in fuch recognizance, and make fuch affidavit or affidavits at the foot thereof, at fuch alfizes or feflion9 aforefaid, as fhall be direfted by the grand jury, the judge of aifize, or the juflices at the leffions, as the cafe may be, fhall difmifs fuch treafurer from his office, and caufe fuch difmiifion to be entered in the crown book.

IV. And be it further declared and ena&ed. That all ttaoney received by any treafurer on account, of the fums prefented, to be raifed off the county at large, or any barony or half-barony, is applicable in his hands to pay the demand of any perfon legally entitled to receive public money from him, on account of fuch county, barony, or half-barony refpe&ively, although the whole of the money prefented,* be not paid into his hands, and that the whole of fuch money fo iri his hands, fhall be applied by him to pay every perfon fo legally entitled, as long as he fhall have any of the fame in his hands, under the penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities ena&ed by the faid a61, and in cafe of his refufal to pay any perfon legally entitled to receive public money.

\f. And be it further ena&ed, That no juflice of the peace fhall vote at any eleftion for a treafurer of a county, unlefs fuch juflice fhall have been in the commiffion of the peace fix calendar months at the leaft, previous to the vacancy.

VI. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That no treafurer fhall be fo difmiffed by virtue of this adl, unltfs the grand jury requiring him to give further fecurity, fhall prefent to be raifed off the county at large, and paid to him, a fum after the rate of ten pounds by the year, for each one thoufand pounds, which fuch further fecurity fhall amount to, and fo in proportion for any lefTer fum, over and above the fum now allowed by law to be prefented to be raifed and paid to fuch treafurer, as a compenfation for hia expence and trouble, which prefentment it fhall be lawful for every grand jury to make at fuch alfizes, and likewife at every affizes hereafter to be held, fo long as fuch fecurity ihall continue in force.

Treafurer* not entering into recognizance, ice fcail be difiuiffcd.

Treafurer* to pay perfon* entitled, £cc.

Juflices not fix month* in commiffion fhall not vote for

Treafurer not to be difmiffed unlefs grand jury prefent him iol. per year for each ioool. required in additional fecurity.

C H A ?.

Digitized by

Tit tlnrtyfxA TtarifGeoqft III.

CHAP. XIII.

W'

An A8 far repairing the Road, commonly catted and known by the Name of the Military Road) begtnmng at the County and City Court Houjes in the City of Waterford* and leading from thence to the Tenon of Tallow* m the County of Water* ford* through the Towns of Kill Me. Thomas* Cappoqmn* and Ltfmore* and from Tallow aforefaid* to the Bounds of the County of Corn*

"HEREAS the prefent exifting laws are mfuffiefent for keeping the laid road in repair, wherefore and to the intent that the faid highway and road may with convenience be cffe&uaUy amended, and hereafter kept in good and fuffictent repair, fo that all perfons may travel the hunt with fafety ; be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent Mm jetty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpi-ritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament Perfons herein afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That for the named, appoint- better furveying, ordering, amending, and keeping in repair •fSdrcS*6” the faid highway or road, that the right honourable the marquis of Waterford, the right honourable the earl of EnnilkiUcn, the right honourable the earl of Tyrone, the right honourable lord vifeount Cole, the right honourable lord vifeount Doneraile, the knights of the (hire for the •ounty, and representatives in Parliament for the city of Waterford, the mayor, and the recorder of the laid city, all for the time being, the honourable William Moore, fir Thomas O(borne, baronet, lir Richard Mufgrave, baronet, fir John Newport, baronet, colonel Robert Uniacke, major John Keane, Richard Power, efquire, John Congreve, efquire, John Congreve the younger, efquire, William Chriftinas, efquire, Thomas Chriftmas, efquire, Grice Smith, efquire, Edmond Power, efquire, Robert Power, efquire, Pierce Baron, efquire, Benjamin Morris, efqotre, William Newport, efquire, Thomas Wyfe, efquire, Arthur Maguire, efquire* Arthur Wortheville, efquire, John O’Shea, efquire, John Mufgrave, efquire, George Bowles, efquire, William Kirby, efquire, Thomas Garde, efquire, Percy Scott Smith, efquire, and John Mansfield, efquiir, be, and the^ are hereby appointed commiilioners of the faid road.	t

A new com- OLL And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, amffionertobe That whenever any of the faid commiilioners herein ap* ift°T»d*day u* ported by name, (kaQ happen to die, or refign (aid office, tisc month*	*

. The thirtyjixth Tear of George III,

it (hall and may be lawful for the remaining commiffioners, of any feven or more of them, on the fit ft Tuefday in any month after fuch (Jeath or refignation, to elc£t a perfon to be a! commiffioner in the {lead of the perfori fo dying or refigning, and fo as often as a vacancy (hall happen, by the death or refignation of any perfon fo chofen as aforefaid.

III.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefeid. That the faid commiffioners {hall aflemble at twelve o’clock at noon, on the fecond of May next, after paffing of this a&, at Dungarvan, and that all general meetings {hall thereafter be held at the faid town, or within live miles of the faid town, and {hall at fuch meeting eledl by ballot from amongft the faid feveral commiffioners, five petfons to be di-re6tors for the fuperintending and managing the faid road, and for tranfa&ing all bufinefs relative to the fame.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe of the death or refignation of any director, or in cafe any director chofen purfuant to this a&, {hall neg!e& or refufe to execute his truft, by refufal in writing under his hand and feal, or by not attending at fome one meeting of the directors, during the iirft two months after the palling of this a&, that then it fhall be lawful*for the laid.commit-fiouers, or any feven of them, to ele& or choofc by ballot tfom amongft the faid commiffioners, one perfon to be a di-re&or in his place, room and (lead, and fhall and may from time to time, ele& and choofe a dire£tor as aforefaid, as often as the cafe {hall happen, fourteen days previous notice being given of fuch meeting, in fome public newfpaper, which notice fhall alfo be periled on each pay-gate, fpecify-ing that fuch meeting is to be held for the election of a di-reftor as aforefaid.

V.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That feven commiffioners fhall be necelfary to conftitute a meeting of the faid commiffioners, and that the a& of the majority 6f feven legally convened, fhall be the aft of, and binding upon the reft of the faid commiffioners.

VI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiffioners, or the greater part of them, to adjourn at any general meeting from time to time, and from place to £lace, contiguous to, or convenient to .the faid road, as they fhall think proper, for viewing of the feme.

VII And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That it {hall be lawful to and for any three of the faid commiffioners, by notice in writing under their hands, feiven at any time, to call a meeting oi the faid commiffi-9iicrs to be held at JDungarvsan, jv within five miles there-V 01. X.	S	tfj

Commiffioners to meet at Dun-garvan on ad Way, 1796.

In cafe of

<kath or refill lation of a truftee, conl-miflioncts fhalX el eft another, &c.

Seven com-miffi oners neeefe fary to conftitute a meeting.

Commiffioners may adjourn.

Three commiffioners may call a meeting, &c.

Digitized by Google

m

The thirtyfmth Tear of George TIL

> Purport to take the foticrw* ing asuh:

4>f# conftgttQUS to the faid road, but that fuch notice (hall fpecify the reafon and caufe of fo aflerrbling the commit ficnera, and fhall be pofted upon the feveral gates .on the faid road, and {hail be ferved at the place of refidence of every commiffioner within the faid county, or county of the city, feveu days previous to the time appointed for fuch meeting.

VI1*1. And be it further cna&ed by the authority aforefaid, That every dire&or who fhall be elected pur-fuant to this a&, (hall, previou? to, and before he (hall acl as fuch, (except as to admin iftering oaths to each other), take and fubferibe an oath in the words fob lowing, before one of the commiflioners aforementioned, who is hereby empowered to adminifter the £*me<;

Oath.	I A. B. do /wear, that / will well and truly dijf barge the

duty of a director of the road from the city of WaUrford, t§ the town of Tallow, in the county of Waterford, according 16 the hejl of my Jhill and underfunding, without favor or malice to any perfon or perfons whatfocoer, and that I will faithfully and honejlly account with the comnuffoners of the „ '	fatd	road, for all fume of money received by me as a di-

rector of the faid ro(ulr and that I will as far as ht me lies, nominate and appoint competent and proper fupervifors of the faid road, to ad under the diredors of the faid road.

Directors fo • IX. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, ehoolc fupervi-	Tint* the foid dire&ors, or any three of them, (hall asfooa

fora, dee.	as they conveniently can, after they (hall be ele&ed and

fwora as aforefaid, meet at fome place convenient to the faid road, and fhall have power from time to time, to choofe proper perfons, not exceeding two in number, to be . .	fupervTors	of	the faid road, and to appoint falaries for fuch

fupervifors, not exceeding in the whole, to any one fuper-vifor, the fum of twenty pounds in the year, and that the number of attendances of every fupervifor, chofen purfuant to this aft, at which he-(hall be required and bound by faid dire&ors to attend, (hall be afeertained by the oath of fuch fupervifor, and (hall be taken before any one of the faid directors, which oath the faid dire&qrs, or any one of them, arc and is hereby empowered and directed to adminifto; and that any three or more of the faid dirc&ors aflembkd together as aforefaid, (hall have power and authority from time to time, to remove any fupervifor, at the free wiD , .	and pleafure of fuch number of laid dire&or3, and to ap-

point other fuoervifor or fupervifors in the (lead and place of fuch fupervifor fo removed ; and in cafe of the death or

refiguatioa

Digitized by

Google

The thirty fixth Tear of George III.

refignation of fuch fupervifor or fupervifors, to appoint other fupervifor or fuperviibrs in the Head and place of fuch fupervifor or fupervifors fo dying or refigning as afore* laid.

X.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid,

That every fupervifor who (hall be fo chofen and appoint- “g "•thto be ed by the faid dirc&ors, purfuant to this a&, (hall, before	by fupsr J J

he (hall a& as fuch, take and fubferibe an oath in the v 011 * words following, to wit:

/ A B. do foUmnlyfwear, that I will honeftly and diligent- Oatfij h execute the office of a fupervifor of the road* from the city of

* tViaterford, to the town of Tallow, in the county of IVaterford, and that / will, according to the bejl of my fkll and know*

•	ledgev execute all lawful orders given to me by the directors of the faid road, or the greater part of them \ and that I will,

*	when called upon by the faid directors, or any three or mere of . them, at count for ailfuch fums of money which jhall be confded or

en'ruffed with me by the faid directors, or which Jhall be received

•	by me as fupervifor offaid road.

So help me God.

- Which oath any three of the dire&ors, aflembled together, are hereby empowered and required to adminffter to fuch fupervifor.

XI.	And he it further enafted by the authority afore- g	t0

faid. That the feveral fupervifors fhall, as often as required fee works cx*i . by the faid dire&ors, or any of them, attend on the faid cuted, road, and (hall fee jointly or feparately as (hall be dire&ed, that all orders and works dire&ed and ordered by the faid directors, or the greater part of them, be properly executed and performed; and (hall-make returns and reports when required, from time to time, to the faid dite£lors, of the . ftate. nature, and circumttances of the faid road ; and (hall lemove all nuifances, obdructions, and encroachments made or erected on the faid road, and fhalJ fuperintend all workmen ard labourers working and labouring on the faid road, and pay them their refpe&ive wages •, but fubjeft ne-verthclef * to the orders of the faid dire&ors, or the greater part of them; and each fupervifor (hall keep a book containing a journal of his own proceedings, and (hall attend all meetings of the faid dire£ors, and commi(Iioner9 if fo required ; and if any fupervifor fhall refufe or negleft to . perform his office of fupervifor as required by this a&, and (hall be thereof convicted by the oath of any two or more credihle witnefles, before any j lift ice of the peace for faid county, or county of faid city of Wattuford, every fuch fupervifor fhall forfeit the fam of five jpoiiuds for every lvch or forfeit 5l*

S	2	offence

275

A. D.

1796. Chap. 1 7.

The follow-'

276'	The	thirty-fiKtb	Tear of George III*

A. D. offence, to be levied by diftrefs and {ale of fucb (tfpeivifor’t 17 96.	£oods,	by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch

Chap. 13. jullice, rendering the overpliis, if any, to fuch fuperri*

XITi And be* it further enafted by the authority afbre-faid, That any three of the faid dire&ors (hall have Jidl ^muc roa , power to divide the faid road into two.or more dirifions, in fuch manner as they fhsdl think proper, and to eftabliflt or creft, or caufe to be cfe&ed,. one or more pay-gate or -pay-pates, upon and acrofs any part Or parts of the faid foad, or upon or acrofs any of the crofs-roads or bye-roads contiguous tHereto, and {hall have power to build, hire, at .rent a toll-houfe convenient to every fuch gate j and to demand and take in each of the faid divifions, by fuch peribn or per funs as they, or any three or more of them {hall au* the following thoviae thereto,' the following tolls at eveiy gate* before tolls may be	any horfe, mare, or gelding, afs, mule, cattle, coach, cha-

tikcn as herein	riot, landau, phaeton, cabriolet* curricle, chaife, waggon*

cart, car, or other carriage (hall be permitted to go through the fame * that is to fay, for every coach, landau, chariot, chaife, phaetotr, cabriolet, curricle or ebair, if drawn by fix Iforfes or other hearts, or by more than fix, the fum of two fhillings and eight pence halfpenny \ if drawn by four " or five horiea or other beafts, the fum of one {hilling and feven pence halfpenny ; if drawn by two or three hones or other hearts, the fum of one ‘{hilling and one penny ; and if drawn by one horfe or other bead only, the fum ,of fit pence halfpenny $ for every Waggon, Warn, dray, cart, car, timber, or other carnage,-not herein before charged, if the ftreaks or {hoeing of the wheels thereof, (hall be let on with counter-funk flat-headed nails, bolts or ferews, and (ball be four inches or more in breadth, the fum of one penny, for every horfe or heart drawing the fame ; and if the ftreaks or {hoeing of the wheels thereof {hall be fet on in like manner, and fhall be lefs than four inches, but not lefs than three inches in breadth, the fum of one penny halfpenny, for.every horfe or other bcaft drawing the fame ; and if the ftreaks or (hoeing of the prheels thereof fhall be fet on in like manner, fcnd fhall be lefs than three inches in breadth, the fum of three pence for every horfe, mare, gelding, afs or mule drawing the fame ; and if any of the urraks or {hoeing of any of the wheels of any fuch carriage fhall be fet on with high or fprig headed nails, bolts or ferews,*or with any nails, bolts or ferew?, not being cditnter-ftlnk, and flat-headed* the fum of one drilling for every horfe or other bead drawing the fame ; for every borfe, mare, gelding, afs or muie, loadcn or unloaden, the fum of one penny \ ten* every drove of oxen, cows, or neat cattle, the fum of twenty-pence by

the

Digitized by

Google

The thirty-fixth Tear of George Ili.	277

the {core, and fo in proportion for any ’greater pr Iefler A. D. number; for every drove of calves, fheep, lambs or pigs, *796. the fum of ten pence by the fcore, and fo jn 'proportion Chap -13. for any greater or leffer number.

XIII.	Provided always, hnd it is hereby enafted, That Not to extend nothing herein contained • fhall be condrued, deemed, or to horfes or car-taken ia any wife to extend to any horfes, or other beads rioge»laden

of burthep, or carriages which fhall be loatjen with lime, y',th cpmpofc fand, or other conmoft for manure, palling through fuch foi,n:unurc» pay-gates, but that luch beads and carriages loaden as afore-laid, fhall be freed and difeharged from the payment of alltolls or duties whatfoever, by tn is aft impofed, any thing herein contained to the contrary in aqy wife notwithdand-*ng.	•

XIV.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby declared, That no Tolls exempt perfon or perfons fhall be charged with any of the tolls or ** herein, duties aforefaid, who fhall pafs through any of the pay-

gates to be eftablifhed and erefted by this aft, forany.beaft pr carriage that fhall carry any quantities of {tones, gravel, or other materials for repairing of the faid road, or any of the roads ip the parifhes in which the fame doth lie ; „nor (hall any toll or duty be demanded or taken for the horfes, pr other cattle of foldiers paffing that arc upon their march ; pr for waggons, carts, cars, or other carriages attending t^em 5 or for horfes or other beads, waggons, carts, cars, pr other carriages travelling with vagrants fent by pafTes, or with prifoners from one part of the kingdom to another, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding.	*

XV.	Provided always, That the faid commiflioners, or « _

,	r	1	- . .	.	.	Com.	may

the greater part of them, at any of their meetings to be compound with

field under, and purfuant to this aft, may make or accept owners of mail-*

of any compofition that they may think rpafonable, with	Stc.

the owners of any mail coach, or mail diligence, or other

carriage parrying his Majedy’s mail; and alfo may enter

into any compofition with any perfon or perfons by the year,

who employ or ufe, or* may hereafter employer ufe any

horfes, or other beads of burthen to draw lime, fea fand,,

or other manure, for fuch fum or fums as may be agreed

upon, 4for each horfe or other bead fo employed ; or to en-*

ter into competitions writh the gentlemen or farmers of the

country for annual fums, to be paid by them refpeftively,

in the place and dead of the aforefaid tolls; but fuch com*

portion only to refpeft the drawing of fuch manure as

aforefaid..

XVI.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore- Pay-£a*es,

laid, That it fhall be lawful for the faid directors, or any *c; H>uyl)e e '	r	^	bunt on fide of

three road/

Digitized by

herein not to be cre&ed.

TolUbut once a day, fee.

Colle&on may levy by dif* trcU and fide.

The thirty-fixth Yettrof George I1L

three or more of them, to ered a pay-gate or pay-gates on the fide of the faid road, acrofs any lane or way leading out of the faid road, aqd to build, hire, or rent a toD-houfe for every fuch gate, and there to demand and receive fucb tolls as are herein before appointed by this ad to be taken at any gate upon the faid road, and that every fuch gate (hall be deemed a pay-gate.

XVII.	Provided always, and it is hereby enaded and declared, That no pay-gate whatfoever (hall be ereded nearer to the city of Waterford than the bridge called Skibbeneen-bridge, in the liberties of faid city, any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

XVIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore-faid, That no perfon (hall be liable to pay any of the faid tolls more than once in the fame day, with the fame cattle and carriage in the fame divifion, but that eveiy perfon after having paid fuch toll once, may during the remainder of the fame day, every fuch day ‘to be computed from twelve o’clock at night, to twelve o’clock the fucceeding night, pafa and repafs toll free through every pay-gate in the fame divifion, with the fame cattle and carriage, for which fuch toll (hall have been paid, on producing a ticket denoting the payment of fuch toll, and containing fuch other matters as are herein required refpeding the fame, which ticket every colledor is hereby required to give gratis on receiving the toll as aforefaid, upon pain of forfeiting five fhillings for every omiffion or refufal. upon convidion before any jufUce of the peace of the county in which fuch offence (hall be committed, or before any of the faid eommiffionerg, every of whom are hereby

' authorized to examine into the fame, and adminiilcr oaths for that purpofe, and upon fuch convidion, to punifh accordingly.

XIX.	And be it further enaded, That if any perfon fhall refufe to pay the toll payable by him or her, in virtue of this ad, it fhall be lawful for the colledor thereof, or perfon ading as fuch, to levy the fame by drftrefs of the horfe or hones, or other bead or beads, carriage or carriages, upon which the toll is^by this ad impofed, or upon the goods or chattels of the perfon or pcrfoi.s who ought to pay the fame ; and fuch horfe or horfes, or other bead or beads, carriage or carriages, or goods and chattels, may be detained, until fuch toll (hall be paid, with the reafonable charges of fuch didrefs; and if the fame fhall not be paid within four days after ftjch detainer, it fhall be lawful for fuch colledor, or perfon ading as fuch, to fell the fame, tendering the overplus, if any, to the owner on demand,

after

Digitized by

Google

The tUrfy-fixth Ytar of George III.

after payment of the faid toll, and the full Spences of the*

£tid diftrefs, detinue and foie.

XX.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfous (hail forcibly or wilfully gp, or pafs with any horfe, bcaft or carriage, through any pay-gate on the faid road, without paying the toll by this j)crciJli ad required, or producing a proper ticket, as aforefaid, at fuch pay-gate, or (hall knowingly or defignedly a (Fault, in-, terrupt, or obftmft any of the collectors, or peffons em-* ployed in colleding pr receiving any of the faid tolls, or otherwifc in the expedition of* his or their employment of 1 receiver or colled or; or (hall forge, counterfeit or alter, or fijall deliver to, or receive from any other perfon or perfous, any note or ticket with an intent to avoid the payment ot any of the faid toll*, or any part thereof; every perfon fo. offending, and being convided thereof upon the oath of any one credible witnefs, before any juftice of the peace of faid coupty, or county of the qky of Waterford, fuch perfon (hail for. every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds ; and it (hall be lawful for every colledor or perfon ading as fuefy and all otlie? perfons by him required, to afiiit in that refped to feize any horfe oc horfes, or other, bead or beads, carriage or carriages, with all goods thereon, and the driver or drivers, attendant or attendiants theieof, and to bring them before fuch juftice of the peace as afrre-faid, who is hereby required to enquire into fuch offence ; and if upon convidion before fuch juftice, upon the oath of any one credible witnefs, the party or parties complained* of, (hall not pay Tuph penalty, together ith the tolls that (ball be due, it (hall be hwtul fpt fu^h juftice, ar.d he ist hereby required by warrant undp^ his hand and leaf, to c&ufe the horfe or horfes, or other bcaft or beafts, carriage ot carriages, or goods (a diflrained, to be fold for payment of the faid tolls, petu&ies, and the charges of feezing aiub keeping the fame, and of fuclr fale, rendering the overplus, if any, AJpon demand to the owner or owners of the fame,* or to the perfon or perfons "under whofe care, or in whole' pofTtffion refpedively the Fame vqas or were when lo fei/.cd-a* aforefaid ; or if. do fufficient di(l refs (hall have been feized, to commit fuch owner ,ov owners, or other per fop or per-* fons to the common gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize, until fuch fine and penalties, tolls and charges be paid.

- XXI. And be it further ewa&ed.by the authority afore-, ros penalty faid. That if any perfon or perfons whatsoever, owniogi on owner renting, or occupying any land near unto any pay-gate eftab- ®in lifted or eredted, or to be ere&ed in purfupnCe of this act, to ^ars thro’ 10 ftqdl for gain, reward, or otherwife, knowingly qr willingly avoid toll.

permit

Digitized by Google

Com. may appoint a trea-furer as herein.

Trenfurer to 8ttcudm?ctirj*i.

pirfftort

may appoint foltedor-, huem.

The thiriy-Jixth Tear of George III.

permit any perfon or perfons whatsoever, to pafs through any gate, paffage or way, with any horfc, beaft, cattle or carriage, liable to toll on palling through any pay-gate on the faid road, to avoid the payment of the toll hereby appointed to be paid, and (hall be thereof convi&ed upon the oath of anyone credible witnefs, before fuch jutlice of the peace as aforehud, every fuch perfon (ball forfeit the fum of ten {hillings for every fuch offence, to be levied by diftxefs and fale of fuch offenders goods, by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch juftioe, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner, the charges in taking and dlfpoiing of the faid goods being firft deduced,

XXI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-faid, That it fhall be lawful for the faicfcotomiflloners, or any feven or more of them, to appoint a treafurer during pleafure, at a yearly falary not exceeding twenty pounds, and as they {hall fee occafion to remove him, and appoint another perfomin his ftead, and to take from every perfon whom they mall appoint treafurer, fuch fecurity as they {hall think proper, for his duly accounting with the faid commiflioners for all fums of money which he (hall receive as treafurer, and for his paying and depofiting 'the fame, from time to time, in fuch manner as they or any ftven or more of them, (hall from time to time direft, in the bank of Ireland, or in any other bank which they (hall think proper:

XXIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore-faid, That the treafurer (hall attend the meetings of the faid dire&ory, as often as he fhall be thereunto required by any one or more of them, and fhall keep fuch books of account, and in fuch manner, as any three of the faid directors fhall from time to time, order and direct ; and that it fhall be lawful for any three of the faid directors to difmifs any treafurer from his office, who fhall negleft to give fuch attendance, or to keep fuch books, or to give any information which may be required of him, refpe&ing his receipts and payments ds treafurer, or who fhall neglect or refufc to depofite t^e whole^ or any part of the balance in his hands, in the bank as aforefaid, as often as he fhall be ordered fo to do, bv any three of the faid directors,

XXIV.	And be it further enacted by the authority afore-faid, T^at h fhall be lawful for the faid directors refpefilive-ly, or any three or more of them, to appoint as many collectors as fhdU be necefftfy, for receiving tht tolls at the pay. gates, at fuch falary or wages as fhall be approved of by them, not exceeding the rate of fixteen pounds per annum, (or each and every fuch collector, who fhall pay the monies

by

Digitized by LjOOQle

^ The thlrtyfxih Tear of George lit. *

'by him or them colleded or received, to the treafarer appointed by the faid commiflioners, once at lead in every month, and as much oftener a9 he (hall be thereunto required by any of the faid directors or commiflioners, or by the fupervifor aforefaid, and (hall alfo upon oath, if thereunto required by the faid treafurer, or by any of the faid directors or commiflioners, (which oath any one of the faid di-re<dors or commiflioners is hereby empowered to adminifter,) give in from time to time, a true^ exad, and perfed account in writing, of all monies hy him colleded or received, by virtue of this a^, or by reafon of his faid employment ; and if any fuch colledor (hall refufe or orpit fo do, and (hall be thereof convided upon the oath of any one credible witnefs, before any juftice ctf the peace of faid county, or county of the city aforefaid, i't (hall be lawful- for fuch juftice to commit fuch colledor to gaol, there to remain without* bail or mainprise, until he (hall give in fuch account upon oath, and pay all fuch monies as he fhall have received for the faid diredois, by virtue of this ja<&.	\

XXV. Provided always, and it is hereby enaded, That , the expenditure of fcall fuch 'rponey fhall be accounted for

upon oath, by the faid colledors, before the faid diredors,	for>

which oath any of the faid diredors or commiflioners it hereby rmpowered to adminifter, fpccifying the particular manner in which every part of it fhall have been expended, and fuch account fhall be laid before the faid commiflioners, t6getber with a copy of all orders of expenditure made by the faid diredors, by being depofited with their treafurer, once at the lead in every three months, and as much oftener as the faid commiflioners, or any feven or more of them fhall ' require.

XXVI. And be it further enaded by the authority afore- Pcrfons en-faid, That if any perfon to whom the expenditure of any traded with of the faid money fhall be entrufied by the faid diredors, money to ac-fball uot account for fo much as he fhall have received or mond^&c. expended of the fame, in manner aforefaid, within one month after he fhall be thereinto required by any one of the faid dire<$ora, r of the faid commiflioners, he fhall forfeit double the fum which he (hall be fo required to account for; and upon non^aymen^ thereof,, fhall be committed by warrant under the hand and feal of the juft ice, before whom he fhall be convided, upon tlie oat}\ of any one credible witnef9, to the common gaol or boufe of corredion,. there to remain until faid forfeiture be pai'4*

XXVIJ. And be it further enaded by the authority. Supemfors aforefaid, That every perfon appointed fupervifor of the faid ly^^on1 road, fhall once in every month, return to the faid diredors, 0ath of ftatc of ‘	*	ah	road, &c.

Expenditure of money to be



Digitized by

att

A. D.

1796. Chap. 13.

Supervifors may repair fudden breaches, on orders of % dire&ors.

Perfons appointed may raife and carry away materials for faid road.

Ditches fcoured, dec.]

The thtrty-fixth Teat $f George HL

an account on oath of the Rate of the road, the eondoft of the gate-keepers and overfeers, workmen and labourers, fo far as the fame (hail have fallen within his obfervation, and whether the tickets given to cars, carts, or other carriages palling through any of the pay-gates thereon* which he has examined, have been conformable to this aft, or wherein they have differed, what nuifances, encroachments or o& fences againft this aft, he has found or obfcrved, refpefting the (aid road, what Reps he has taken to remove or remedy them, what penalties he has levied, and the feveral days on which he has infpefted the faid road, and what part thereof he has infpefted on each day*

XXYllI And be it further enafted by the authority afore faid. That every fupervifor fhall have power to repaid any fudden breach or holes which he may have obferved in any part of the faid road, firR receiving an order for the pur* pofe from any two of the faid directors, and the expeoce thereof (hall be laid before the direftors at their next meeting, ahd ypon their approving thereof, and his making oath before any one of the faid commiffione^s or directors, who i* hereby authorized to adminiRer the fawke, of th$ expenditure, and fpecifying the particulars thereof, they or any three or more of faid direftors, may order the faid expences to be paid by the treafurer.

XXIX.	And it Further er\a<%d hy the authority afore-laid, That every perfon appointed by hny three or more of the faid direftors, to make, gravel, repair or fuperintend the faid road, or ai\y part of it, (hall have full power and authority to dig fur, fearch, raife and carry away, any gra« ve}. Rones, fand, or other materials which may be wanted fqr the ufe of the faid road 5 ar\d tP make drains in .order t<\ to carry off water from, or prevent its injuring the faid road, oil or through the lands of any perfon, not being a deer park, orchard, gardcq, haggard, yard, planted lawnx or avenue lo a pianCoi\-houfe ; arid that every fuch perfon fo%/, appointed, (hall' make farisfc^ftipn to the owners or occupiers of the land, for thc~damage that may be done thereby, m like manner, and under the like regulations as is, are, or (hall be enafted, \vith refpeft to damages done by overfcers appointed by the preferments of grand juries*

XXX.	And whereas it is neceffary for the further ipa-rtage^nt of the faid that the drains along either fide thereof fhould be under the contipu) of the faid direftors; be it further enafted^ That if auy perfou fhall fcour, deepen* fill up, or widen any drain or ditph on the fide of any part of the faid road, without t^C order of, the faid direftors or any three of them, it (hall be lawful for faid direftors to caufe the fame to be filled up or fcoured as the cafe ma7 fe* .

according

Digitized by LjC lie

The thirty Jtxih Tear ef George IIL

according to their dtfcretion, nnd to levy the expence thereof A, D. by did ret s and fale of the goods of fuch perfon.	1796.

XXXI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore* Chap. 13. laid. That it fhall and may be lawful for the fupervifors of v_-the faid road, or any of them, to pull down or fillup, and Supervifore level any wall, drain, or ditch which (ball be built or made, **1rcraov® or began to be built and made after the paflii.g of this ad *	^

upon any part of the faid road, or within thirty feet of the centre of the faid road, and to take up any way or pafiage from the (aid road into any held or land adjoining, which may obftrud the fre£ paffage of water, and to re-make the fame by building a gutter or fewer or arch therein, at a fufi. ficient depth, and to fcour or clear away all obftru&iont which may happen to be made in any drain for carrying away water from the faid road, or for preventing its injuring the fame, firft obtaining a warrant under the hand and feal of any magiftrate of (aid county, or county of faid city, or of any of the faid directors or comrpiffioners for fo doing, and to levy the expence thereof by diflrefs and fale of the goods of the offender, or of the owner or occupier of the lands wherein fuch way, paffage, or drain ihall be, rendering the overplus if any to the owner on demand.

XXXII.	And be it further enaded by the authority Supervifors

aforefaid,'That if any fupervifor fhall omit to apply for any to aPply fuch warrant for fortyneight hours after he fhall be informed,	m	**

Ar have feen any of the faid offences or matters, or having obtained fuch warrant, fhall omit for forty-eight hours to

execute the fame, unlefs prevented by the feverity of weather, he fhall forfeit the fum of five pounds for every fuch ©million, delay, pr negled upon conviftion thereof before any fuch jufticc of the peace as^forefaid, upon the oath of any one credible witnefs.

XXXIII.	And.be it further ena&ed by the authority Driver* of aforefaid, That if the driver or perfon in care of any cart, cart*» ca™-car, dray, or waggon, or carriage fhall ride upon the fame, "°^£oruicOQ on any part of the laid road, not having fome other perfon

on foot or on horfeback to guide the fame, (fuch carriages us are refpc&ively drawn by one horfp pnly, or two horfes abreafl with bridles ip their mouths, and are conduced by	7

fome perfon holding the reins pf fuch briclTts excepted), or, if the driver or perfon iq care of any carri. fhall by negligence or wilful mifhehaviour, hinder, obflrud, or interrupt the piWage of any other carriage, or any of his Majefty's fubjefto on the faid road; or if the driver or perfon in care of any empty or unloaded car, cart, pr other carriage, fhall refiife or negled to turn afide, and - to ipake way for any coach, chariot, chaife, loaded waggon, cart, car, dray, or other loaded carriage, every fpeh perfon being convided

thereof

Digitized by Go< e

Tif thiriy-JJfgth Tear rf George JIJ.

A.	thereof	by his own confeffion^. or by the oath of any one

1796.	credible witnefs before fuch juftice of the peace as aforefaid.

Chap. 13.	lhall for every fuch offence, if fuch offender be not the

owner of fuch carriage,) forfeit the fura of ten (hillings, and if fuch offender fhaH be the owner of fuch carriage, he fhail forfeit the fum of twenty (hillings; and every fuch offender fhail upon non-payment thereof, be committed by fuch juftice to the gaol or houfe of correftion, there to be kept to . hard labour for any time not exceeding one month, or until the faid fine be paid, and every fuch offender or perfon in pare of fuch carriage, offending in any of the faid cafes, piay by the authority of this aft, and without any other warrant be apprehended by any perfon who fhail fee fuch offence committed, and conveyed or delivered to a conftable or other peace officer to be brought before fuch juftice of the peace as aforefaid.

Perfon* who XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority fefift the exccu- aforefaid. That in cafe any perfon or perfons fhail refill or of	make	forcible oppofition againft any perfon or perfons cra-

WP cd- ployed in the due execution of this aft, or fhail affault any colleftor of the tolls in the execution of his or their office pr offices, or (hall make, or attempt to make any refeue of pattle, carriage, or other goods diftrained or ftrized by virtue of this aft ; or if any conftable or Alb-conftable (hall rer fufe or negleft to execute any warrant granted by any juftice, er by any commiffioner or direftor purfuant to the direftions of this %ft, every fuch perfon offending therein, and being convifted thereof before fuch juftice of the peace as aforefaid, by his or their own confeffion, or by The oath of one credible witnefs, fhail for every fuch offence forfeit any fum not exceeding ten pounds, noilefs than forty fhillings at the diferetion of fuch juftice, and in cafe the fame fhail not im: mediately be paid, fuch juftice is hereby empowered and required to commit fuch offender to the common gaol or houfe of correftion, there to remain for any time not exceeding three months, uqldfs the faid forfeiture fhail be fooncr paid.	'	'

Fines, fcc. to XXXV. And be it further enafted, That all fines, pe-be levied as naltics and forfeitures impofed for any offence committed herein.	againft	this aft, the manner of levying andapplying which

i? not herein pamcularly direfted, fhail and may be levied by diftrefs and fide of the offenders goods by warrant nnder the hand and feal of the juftice before whom the offender fhaH be convifted by the oath of one credible witnefs, or his or her own confeffion, and in cafe of non-payment thereof, or of any fine or penalty which fhail be impofed by the authority of this aft, the offender fhail be committed by fuch juftice by warrant under hiei hagd and feal tp the common

Digitized by

Google

The thirty-Jixth Tear of George IIL	*&£

/ , \

g^ol or houfe of corre&ion, there to remain without ba3 A. D.

Or mainprize for any time not exceeding three months;	1796. ,	.

or until tht faid fine, forfeiture, or penality be paid, and Chap* I y every filch fine, forfeiture, or penalty when paid fhall be applied by the faid dire&ors in aid of the tolls towards the ufes of the road, and in rewarding the informer or parties convi&ing, and the conftables or other perfons alb fling, or partly in one and partly in the other of the faid ways aa to the laid dire&ors or arty four of them fhall feem pro-.

per.

XXXVl. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That every juftice of the .peace aforefaid, fhall have power within his jurifdi&ion to admihifter all oaths Which are hereby required or dire&ed, or which may be ne-celTary for the purpofes of this a&; and if any perfon fhall take or fubferibe any oath or affirmation preferibed or iin-powered to be taken by virtue of or in purfuance of thia *61, or for the purpofes of carrying this a& into execution, fend fhall wilfully affirm or fwear ralfdy therein, every fuch perfon fhall upon convi&ion fuffer the pains and penalties ena&ed againft perfons guilty of wilful and corrupt per-

And be it further ena&ed, That in all cafes wherein an oath is preferibed or mentioned in this a&, the affirmation of the party if he or fhe be a quaker, /hall and toay be made or taken in the place of fuch oath.

XXXVIII. And be it further ena&ed, That where any difirefs fhall be made for any fum or fums of money to be levied by virtue of this a&, the diftrefs itfelf fhall not be deemed unlawful, nor the party or parties making the Tame, be deemed a trefpafTer or trefpaflers on account of any default of want of foim ih any proceedings relating thereto, nor fhall the party or parties diftrairting be deemed a trefpafTer or trefpaflers, ah initio on account of any irregularity which ‘ IhaU be afterwards done by the party or parties diftraining ; but the perfon or perfons aggrieved by fuch irregularity, may recover full fatisfa&ion for the fpecial damages in an action on the cafe.

XXXIX And whereas from the prefent flate of faid road, it will require to be repaired before the tolls to be levied under this a& fhall be produ&ive for that purpofe, and • may hereafter require further aid than the tolls to be levied under this a&; be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the grand juries of the county of Waterford, and of the county of the city of Waterford, may notwith-ftanding this a& at any affizes hereafter to be held in and for bid county, and county of fsgd city, prefeat fuch fum or 5	"	fume

Every juftice may admjniftcr oaths, flee.

Affirmation if a quaker.

Perfons dlf-training not deemed tref-paffers for want of form.

Grand juries may prefxnt fums in aid of tolls.

1

Digitized by Google

4S6	J%e	tbirtyjixth	fear	George	IIL

A. D.

J796-

Chap« 13.

Comm 1 fli oner* empowered to farm tolls.

tolls to be fet by public cant*

Difyofal of money in trea-Atrer’k hands*

t

Expenditure to Waccounted for as herein. 4

fums as they may think neceflary, for the repair of fiid road, in aid of the tolls to be levied under this a&.

XL. Provided' always, and be it further <pa&ed, That the commiflioners of any of the faid divifions or any four or ihore of them may if they thiilk fit, and they are hereby empowered on fourteen days notice being given in any two Waterford newfpapers for that purpofe, to leafe or farm by the year for any term flot exceeding three years? nor lets than One year, the tolls by this a& made payable in their divifion refpe&ively, to any perfon or periling at or Tor the largcft yearly fura tliat can be got for the fame.

XL I. Provided always. That fuch tolls be fet by public Cant, and that the agreement be put into writing and figned by the party taking the fame 5 and that the money be made payable monthly, and that proper fecurity be given for the regular payment thereof, and that one month be paid in advance ; and that every fuch agreement be approved of and figned by three at lead of the faid commiflioners prefent at fuch cant.

XL1I. And he It further enafted, That the commiflioo-ers in every of the faid divifions, or any four or more of them (hall expend from time to time all fuch fums of money as (hall remain in the treafurer’s hands, of the tolls arifing within the faid divifion, over and above’the proportion of principal Entered, and treafurers filary appointed as aforefaid, to be paid by fuch divifion, and over and above all rents which may be payable thereout by virtue of this a£l, in eroding or repairing gates and toll-houfes, fixing tables of the tolls, and fixing and lighting proper lamps at each gate, in erecting mile doncs and finger pods, paying loll collectors and infpec-tors in the expence* of furveys and valuation for widening, and in widening the faid road, and in fencing it where widened, in draining, forming, gravelling, drefiing, cleanfing or repairing the faid road, and rendering it mare convenient for travellers according to their ditcretion, and in Lyin* up materials in convenient places for lepairing breaches in the wit)ter fenfon.

XLIII. Provided always, and fcfcit enabled, That the expenditure of all fuch money (hall be accounted tor upon oaih, before the faid commiflioners, or any three of them, which oath the faid commiflioners are hereby itnpowered to admi-nifter, fpecifying the particular manner in which every part of it (hall have been expended, and fuch account Ihall belaid .before the faid commiflioners, together with a copy of all orders of expenditure made by the faid dire&ors, by being depofited with their treafurer once at leaft in every three Ynonths, and as much oftener as the faid commiflioners, or mny- feven or more of them (hall requite.

J XLIV. And

Digitized by Google

Tfi* thirtyjixth Te&r of George III.

XLtV. And whereas the tolls to be colle&ed by virtue of this aft, will not at prefent be fufficient for the proper and immediate repairing and widening of the faid road, and other necefTary expences attending the fame; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That any feven or more of the faid commiffioners, (hall and may, and are hereby im-J>owered to raife and borrow fuch fum and fums of money, pot exceeding the fum of one thoufand pounds, as they (hall judge neceflary, towards defraying the immediate expencet to be incurred by virtue of this act; and that for all fuch Turns fo to be bonowed, bills intitling the bearers to the amount of the fums therein fpecified, and declaring fuch amount to be payable on the Hr ft day of November, and firft day of May, which (hall next happen after the end of three years, from the refpective dates of fuch bills, (hall be iflued by the treafurer for the time being, and (igned by, andfealed with the feals of feven or more of the faid commiffioners, and that fuch bill (hall bear an intereft not exceeding the rate of fix pounds by the hundred by the year; and that for fuch fum fo to be borrowed by the faid commiffioners as aforefaid, there (hall be paid by the treafurCT for the time being, by and with the order and direction of three or more of the faid dire&ors, every firft day of November, and every fir ft day of May, after the refpe^ive dates of fuch bills to the holders thereof, fuch intereft as (hall be fo agreed upon in full, to the faid days fo appointed for the payment of fuch intereft, without any fee or charge whatsoever, and free from all deductions, defalcations and abatements, until the principal fums therein mentioned be refpe&ively paid ; and that all fuch bills as (hall b* fo iflued and (igned, (hall be numbered In arithmetical progreffion, beginning with number one, until the whole thereof (hall be numbered; provided that no fuch bill (hall be iflued for lefs than fifty pounds, or for more than tone hundred pounds.

XLV. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the tolls of the faid road impofed by this a&, (hall be in the firft place laid out in paying the intereft upon the faid bills, and then in paying the principal of fuch bills, fo as the payment of fuch principal (hall be the fum of fifty pounds and no more, in any one year, and the refidue of fuch tolls, or fo much thereof as Ihall be neceflary in repairing and widening the faid road, and rendering the fame more convenient tr? travellers, and in- the payment of the neceflary officers, and in defraying the other expences attending the (aid road; if any redundancy (hall be after (atisfying the purpofes * 4	-	aforefaid.

Commiflion-ersmay raife 1000I. at herein.

Tolls to be laid out in paying intereft on bills, Sec.

/

Digitized by ?gls

Numbers of outftanding bills, hew 4iipolcd of.

Dtredon, to take ground for widening road, dec.

All bodies poll k-k and corporate may demife to commillion-crs.

TAp thirty-fixth Ttar of George III.

aforefiud, then to become a finking fund, for the difeharge of the faid debentures.

XLV1. And be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That any three or more of the (aid directors, (hall yearly, and every year, caufe the numbers of fuch bills for the fevered principal fums then (landing out On fuch bills, bearing an in-tereft at the rate aforefaid, and the fums therein contained to be written on fuch tickets, and to be rolled up in fuch manner," as the faid direCtbrs, or' any three of them (hall dired, and pot into a boa, and well mixed together, and an indifferent perfon (hall publickly in the forenoon of fuch day, as IhaM by the faid directors, or any three of them, be pnb-iickly ad vert i fed in the Waterford newfpaper for that pur-pofe, ot lead ten days before, at fuch place in faid city, as (hall be therein mentioned, dra\* out of fuch box, one of (aid bills; and the perfon or petfons the number of whofe bill (hall be fo drawn, his or their executors, admini drat ore or affigns, (hall, within ten days after the faid bill (hall be fb drawn, be paid by the faid directors aforefaid, th^ principal fum to him, her, or them refpefctivcly due, with all irttered at the rate aforefaid due thereon, until paid, and (hall upon payment thereof, deliver his, her, and their faid bill, to the (aid directors , to be cancelled, which th$y are required to cancel accordingly.

XLVII- And whereas the faid road is in many places too narrow, and thereby not only dangerous and produ&ive of delay to travellers, but requires more frequent repair, and it will be expedient to widen the fame, and in many places to take off unneceffary angles and windings; be it further enaCted, That it (hall be lawful for the faid directors, or the greater part of them, and they are hereby impowered with the approbation of the faid commiffionersj or any feven or more of them, and they are alfo required when thereunto direCted by the faid commiflipners, or any (?ten or more of them, to take by leaefe from any perfon or perfons, bodies politick or oorporate, fo much of the ground contiguous to the road,, as may be neceffary to widen the fame to the breadth of thirty-one feet in the dear, and to make fences or ditches thereto, and alfo to take by leafe in like manner, fnch ground as may be wanting to take off any,unneceffary angles or winding of the faid road, at fuch yearly rent as they can agree for, with fuch approbation as aforefaid.

XLVII1. And be it further enaCUd, That it (hall be lawful for all bodies politick and corporate, corporations aggregate or foie, executors, adminiitrators, and guardians, *ot .only on behalf of themfelvcs* but alfo on' behalf of

eejliriguc

Digitized by Google

cefiuiquc trufts, infants,* or iffue unborn, lunaticki, idiots, feme coverts, or other perfcfis, and for all feme coverts feized in their own right, and for all perfons having an eftate for life, with remainder in tail, and for allt and every perfons who sure or (hall be feized, poffeffed of, or intcrefted in any ground which (hall be neceflary for the purpofes aforefaid, to demife the fame to the faid commilfionert for ever, or for one hundred and ninety-nine years, or during die refpe&ive interest, at fuch yearly rent as (hall bt agreed on; and if any fuch bodies, corporations, executors, adminiftrators, guardians, or other perfons, (hall refufe to demife the fame in manner aforefaid, at fuch rent as (hall be offered by the faid commiffiontrt, or any feven or more of them, or (hall not produce a dear right to demife the fame, to the fatisfac-tion of the faid commiilioners, or by reafon of abfencc (hall be prevented from treating or agreeing with the faid coramiflioaers, it (hall be lawful for the faid commiilioners, or any feven or more of them, and they are hereby required to have the yearly rent thereof inquired into, and ascertained upon the opths of twelve indifferent men of the county, or' county of the city wherein the fame is (ituated, in manner herein mentioned, that is to fay, they (hall caufc a notice to be ferved at the houfe of the tenant or perfon in the poffcf-fion or occupation of any fuch land or tenement, letting forth the length and breadth of the ground in his or her occupation intended to be taken for the purpofet of this a 6t; and that they will at a day to be mentioned in fuch notice, not lefs than twenty-one days dillant, proceed to have the rent to be payable oy them for the fame inquired iuto, and ascertained by the oaths of twelve indifferent men, naming the place where fuch inquiry is to be made; and the (kid. commiilioners, or any feven or more of them, are hereby Empowered to iffue their warrant to the (hcriff of the county, or county of the city where fuch ground, land, or tenement (hull lie, requiring him to fummon and return thirty-fix indifferent men of the countv, to appear before feven of them, at fuch time and place as (nail be mentioned in fuch warrant for the purpofe of ascertaining and valuing the rent thereof, puriuant to this a& 5 and the laid Iheriff is hereby required to^ummon, and return fuch thirty-fix perfons, and out of ^dcju, or out of fuch of them mall appear, the faid com-mH&oners (hall caufe twelve to be fworn for the purpofes aforefaid, agd for default of a faffeient number appearing, the faid Iheriff IhaU return fo many of the ftanders-by, as (hall b* neccflary to make up the number of twelve to fervt ^ufuch juiy s jaad in cafe there (hall hot be a fufficicnt num-V^X.	T	ber



Digitized

ized by^jOO^IC

229

-A. D.

• <79^.

Chap. /£.

Challenge*

allowed.

Commifn oners may fwear -jury, &c.

Rent *o be pakl to proprietors of ground out of tolls of fuidroad, &c.

The thirtyjtxth Tear qf George TIL

ber to make up a jury* or no jury (hall be made up, a frefh Warrant may be HTned, and ffkc notices to be fervttf again &r the Laid purpofe, and fo often asfhe cafe (hall happen; provided the day to be fpetified in every notice fo to be ferret! again, need not be more than ten days diftant.

XLIX. And be it ftirther enafted, That all perfons concerned fhall from time to time, havr their lawful chaflenges* (but not to challenge the array of the panqel), againft any* ct the faid jurymen when they come to be fworn ; and tte faid contmiflioners, or any feven or more of them, afting in the premises, fhall hate power from time to time, fo impofe any reafonable fine or fines on any fherifFs, bailiffs, or agent* making default In the premifes, and on any of the perfons that (hall be fummonea and returned on fachjury, and {half not appear or refufe to be fworn on the faid jury, or to give their verdift, or in any manner wilfully negleftmg their doty therein, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this aft, and on any of the perfons who being required to give evU dence touching the premifes, fhall reftife to he examined, or

five evidence, and from time to time to ifiue their warrant to vy fuch fine and fines off the goods and chattels of fach perfon and perfons fo fined, fo as no fubh fine fhall exceed the fum of forty (hillings, uppn any one perfon for any one offence.

1 L. And be it further ertafted, That each of the faidcom-miffioners fhall have power, and he is hereby authorized to fivear fuch jury, and adminilter all oaths neceffkry for the examining into, and afeertaining the rents to be payable at aforefaid,. or in any manner, refpefting fbcfc trial and exa^ mination.

LI. And be it further enafted, That the rents fo to be Agreed for or afiefled as aforefaid, foall be paid from time to time, as the fame fhall become due, out or thte toll* of the /aid road, by quarterly or half-yearly payments, to the per* fon or perfons who fhall be entitled thereto, the ftrf! payment thereof to begin and be made at the end of three or fix calendar months, next after fuch ground fhall be taken, ind be poflefled by the faid commiflioners as aforefaid ; and the perfon or perfons intitled to receive the fame, fhall, daring the continuance of this aft, have the fame eftate and iaterefl in fuch rents, as he, fhe, or they would have had in the faiu grounds, in cafe this aft had never been madr, and in default of payment thereof by the faid commifBon-ers, within thirty days after the fame fhall become due, am! fhall have been demanded of the treafurer of the faid com-'miflioners, it fhall and may be lawful for the perfon or perfons who fhall from time to time be intitled to the feid rent% or any of them, to commence or profecute one or more-action!

Digitized by

Goc e

The thirty-fixih Tear of George Itf.

dons at laws on the cafe, or in debt againft fuoh .treaflirer* ort account of fuch rent, and ihall and" may upon fuch a (Elion or a&tons, recover the money then due, together with his, her, or their full colls of fuit, and have fuch remedies for the fame, as are allowed by law in other cafes, which faid money and cofls fo recovered when paid, .may be allowed to fuel* treafurer in his account with the faid refpedlive comrniffion-ers, and if any of the-faid rents (hall be at any time in arrear and unpaid, for the fpace of three months after the fame ought to be paid, a‘court* of equity upon application in manner herein after 'mentioned, fhall appdint a receiver to receive fo much of the tolls as fhall be fufheient to pay the fame together with fuch fees or falary as fhall be appointed by the court for fuch rfecerVer, as.alfd the necefTary cofls out of pocket of fuch application.

jLlI. And be it enabled, That.fuch order fhall be made upoir petition'and affidavit, after reafonahfe time given to ord^r fhew caufe.	.	.	'	.	‘	madc-

LIII. And be it further enabled, That fo foon as an af- Commifiiop* feflment fhall be made -as aforefaid, by any fuch jury, it fhall ers, &c. to be lawful for the faid commiflioners, chre&ors, their infpec-tor, and any perfon or perfons by them, or any three or mote ° &r?un * of them employee! to take pofTeflion of the ground fo affy/Tdi, and the fheriff is hereby,required upon demand to give th^m the poffeflfoh thereof. * ‘	•	;	^

LIV.. And be it further enabled by the authority ‘afore- Comimffion-foid. That no perfon or perfons appointed; or to be appoint- ^old^laccsVf* Cd by this a6t a commiflioner or comrtiifriopers, director or profit under dSre&ors* for putting this rt6l into execution, fhall have or this a&. accept of arty place or profit arifing* out ofj or byreafon of the toll Or duty by this a£l laid or .grantedj tut fucli perfon or perfons fhall be incapable fr^ln f)le time of accepting and coiitin ping, to enjoy fuch place' of prtrtl of ailing as a com-miflioner or dire cl or.	\ *. V/, t	tt

LV. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, A&ions for That if any fuit fhall be commenced agairtfl any perfon of perforts for any thing done in pursuance of this acl, that in iha^ be in co> *very fuch cafe the adioif fliall be laid 'm the fpid county, or co of city of or CoaiVty of the cify.of Watfcr|ord, §th<l\notelfeiyfierej Waterford, and the defendant'qr defendants, m fpbh adliort or pctiqas to be brought, may .plead the general iffud3 and, give this a.^.t, and the' fpeciat matter , jn evidence^at ^ny trial to be had	.

thereupon j and that the fame was done in purfuariceof, and by virtue of this act ^and if it fhall appear fo to be done, or that fuch action or. actions fhall be brought in, any other county, that then the jury fhall fpid for the defendant or defendants ^ arid upon fuch verdict, drifthe plaintiff jjiall b$

JWri-firftedf/ oY dllcdiitiriue his action after the defendaht or T z	defendant*

291

A- D.

1796. Chap. 13.

When fuch

Digitized by CjoOQle

A. D.

1796.

A publick &3.

ft thirty Jlxth Tear of George 1IL

defendants (hall have appeared j or if ort any demUrfer, judgment (hall be given again ft the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants (hall and thay recover treble coils, and have the like remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath of have in other cafes.

LVI. And be it further enacted by the authority afore* faid, That this aft (hall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a public aft, and (hall- be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juft ices, and others perfons what-fbever, without fpccially pleading the fame.

CHAP, XVIIt.

Ah AB to ehtpewtr the Commijfonert of Hit Majejfs Rrrf-nue, nv'tth the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant^ to ereS JjYght-Houfcx around the Coajlt of thit Kingdom, and to levy a 7*onnage~Du/y on all Shipping,

WHEREAS there is no object of greater importance to a commercial nation than to render the navigati* 6n of its coafts as fecure aS poflible, and to afeertain the portion of its harbours by the erc&ton of liVht-hoiife*: and whereas the coafts of Ireland are notorioufly deficient, in fo much that there is not a fingle light round the north and weftern boafts, from the Copeland illands, off the county of t)own, to Loop-head, at the mouth of the river Shannon} Snd whefeas the price of infuiance is greatly enhanced from the fa id deficiency of lights, and the trade to many parts of Ireland materially prejudiced from the difficulty of obtain-iog infurance on any terms: and whereas the channel trade between Great Britain and Ireland, is fubjc& to frequent lotfes from the want of a light off the coaft of Wexford, which is low and full of fhoals: be it therefore ena&cd by the Kind’s moll excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament afftmblcd, and by theau-Lreht-houfcs thority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this *	a^* ** fhall and	^e lawfut for the cornimflioncrs of his

as nutiki.	Majeftyrevenue, or any three of them, and they are here-

by authorized and empowered, with the confent and ap-yHisation of vhc Commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, and by them lignified to the lord lieutenant fdr the time being, for his approbation, to ere£l or CEuftj to be cre£ltdj a light-hoiifc on fuch fhoals off the coaft

of

Digitized by

GoogI

The thirtyJi^th Tear of George III.	293

of Wf^ford, as they (hall judge mod fuitable for the ad- A* D. vantage of the channel trader and li^ewife a light-houfe on 1 796. the coaft of Mayo, and another on the coaft of Galway,	,

and the (aid commif&oners, or any three of-them, are hereby authorized and empowered to ere# all nccefiary buildings contiguous to the faid light-houfcs, and to all other light-houfes, round the coafts of thjs kingdom.

II. And whereas it appears by the public accounts that a balance of fiye thoufhnd' pounds remains appropriated to the encouragement of the fifheries; and whertas the faid lights will materially tend to the advantage of the fiiheries on the coafts of this kingdom ; be it ena&ed, by the authority aforefaid, That for the purpofe of erc&iirg the faid Mo-ievh're*n ligh t-houfes, and other neceflary buildings, the faid com- ro be laid out in miffioners of the revenue, or any three of them, with the building, ponfent and approbation of the commiilioners of the trea-furyi or any three or more of them, and by them fignified to the lord lieutenant for the time being, for his approbation, are hereby authorized and empowered to make ufe of any part of the faid fum appropriated to the encouragement of the fiftieries, not exceeding the fpm of five thou-fand pounds.

CHAP. XX,

An 43 mare effcRually to fupprrfs Infurreflionj, and prevent To 1 Jan.

the Diflurbancc of the publick Peace.	* 799»	3®

(r 3. C. *1. A*

WHEREAS traitorous infurreftioos have for fome

time pad arifen in various par^s of this kingdom, 3. c. ai. 3S G. principally promoted and fuppotted by performs aflociating 3-	8a.

under the pretended obligation of oaths unlawfully adminif-tered 2 and whereas the penalties for adminiilcring and taking fuch unlawful oaths, enadled by an adfc pafted in the twenty-feventh year pf his Majefty’s reign, entitled, An aft to prevent tumultuous ri/Ings and affimbiies, and for the * more ejfe&ualpunching of perjhns guilty of outrage, r/V, and illegal combination, and of adminifienng a d taking unlawful oaths, have been found infufficient to deter wicked and defigning men from adminiilcring and taking fuch oaths 1 be it ena&edby the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That any perfon pfrfor.t ad-or perfons who (hall adminlfter, or caufe to be adminrf- miniftcrinsr

tcred, oiths fo

Digitized by

*94

A. ,D.

.	1796-

Chap. 20.

‘	—-—J

tras purpofcs, as herein dcfcri!)-cH, fhall fuffer death, 6c c.

Ncccffty ftill jaot juftify per* Ions raking fuch oatb$, except as herein.

Accdtarles deemed princj* pals.

The thirty fixth Tear of -George HI.

ler.ed, or he prefent, aiding and aflifting jat the a<Jmmiftei> ing, or who (hall by .threap, promts, perfpafiops, or other undue means, caufe, procure* or induce to be taken by any perfon or perfons, upon a hook or otberwife, any oath qr engagement, importing to bind the perfon taking the fame, to be of any aflociatlon, brotherhood, focidy, or confederacy* formed for feditioUs purpofes, or to difturb the publick peacs, or to obey the orders or rules* or commands of any committee, or other body of men, not lawfully conftituted, or the commands of any captain, leader, or commander, (not appointed by his Majefty, his hefts* and fucctflors) or to affemble at the defire or cojnmand of any fuch captain, leader, commander, or committee, or of any perfon or perfons pot having lawful authority, or pot to. inform or give evidence againft any brother, aljbci* ate, confederate, or other jperfon, or not to reveal or discover lus having taken any illegal oat^ .or done any illegal aft* or not to difeover any illegal oath or engagement which may he tendered to him, or the import thereof, whether he (hall take fuch oath, ,or enter into fuch engagement, or not, being by due courfe of law convifted thereof, (hall be adjudged guilty of felony, and fuffer death without benefit of clergy ; and every perfon who (hall take any fuch oath or engagement, not being thereto compelled by inevitable neceflity, and being by due courfe of law thereof convifted, (hall bp adjadged guilty of felony, and be tranfported for life.

II.	Provided always, That inevitable neceflity (hall not juftify or excufe any perfon or perfons taking fuch oaths or engagements, unlefs he, fhe, or they (hall within ten days efter the taking fuch oath or engagement, if pot prevented by aftual force or ficknefs, and then within four days after fuch aftual force or ficknefs, (hall ceafe to difable him to give information of the.fame, difclofe Jo one of his Majcfty’s juitices of the peace inJthe county in which he or (he (hall then be, by information on oath, the whole of what he pr (he knows touching the compelling him or her to take fuch path or engagement, and of the perfon and perfons by whom the fame was adminiftered, and who were prefent the adminifiering thereof, and the place where the fame >vas adminiftered.

III.	And be it further enafted, That perfons prefect aiding at the adminiftcring of fuch oaths and engagements, or perfons caufing fuch oaths and engagements to be admi-riftered, though not prefent, (hall be deemed principal offenders, and tried as (uch, though the perfons who aftually adminiftered fuch oaths or engagements, (hall not have been tried or convifted.

IV. And

Digitized by v^ooQie

The thirtyfixlh Tear of George III.

IV.	And be it farther enwSted, That it (hall act be ne-. ceflary in any indjftment to be found agaioff any perfon

*dminiflcf*iiig, or taking fuch oath or engagement, to fat out the words of fuch oath or engagement, and tjiat, it {hail be Sufficient to fat forth therein the purport of fadi oath or engagement.

V.	And whereas many perfons have in different parts of the kingdom taken oath* and engagement* ooatrary to the faid recited a& of the tweoty-feventh year of hit Majcfty's reign, and have not yet been brought to trial for fuch their offence*: be it cna&ed, That upon any mdiciitreat founded on the faid recited ad that inevitable neceffity {hall not be an encufa to any perfon fo heretofore fworn, unlefs he or {he {haH, on or before the tenth day of June, in the year one thoufand Seven hundred and ninety-fix, difclofe -by information on oath to feme one of his Majefty’s j offices of the peace, the whole of what he or (he know** touching the admiDiffering of fuch oath or engagement, end of the perfon or perfiajps, by whom, and tire place where the fame was ad-miniftened, and who were prefant at the admim'ffering thereof.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That all perfons who (hall have araw in their pofleffton at any time after the pafling of this ad, (hall on or before the firff day of May, one thoufand {even hundred and ninety-fix, or immediately after they (hall have pofieflion of fuch arms, deliver to the ading clerk of the peace in the county, town, or city in which he refides, or to any magistrate of fuch county, town, or cky, to be by him delivered to fuch clerk of the peace, a written notification, Signed by him or her, Specifying therein the place, parifli, barony, and town-land, in which he or (he refides, or if in a county of a town or city, the pariff># town-land, or ftreet, that he or (be keeps arms, and the place or places where the fame are ufually kept, accompanied by an affidavit, fworn by the perfon figning fuch notification, that the notification is true, and that he believes be is by law entitled to keep arms, which notification and affidavit the clerk of the peace (hall file among the re* cord* of the county, and fuch clerk of the peace (hall re-gifter in books, or in a book, if in a county of a town or city, one to be kept for every barony or half-barony in the county, in alphabetical order, the names and places of abode of every perfon making fuch notification, according to their sefpedive baronies, or half-baronies, where the place of abode (hall be Specified to be in a barony, or half-barony, which books (hall be kept by fuch clerk of the peace at hi* office in the county-town, or town, or city, and (hall at all faafonable times be open to the infpedion of any juftice of the peace of the county, town, or city, and frofn which

l	every

295

A. D.

. . 1796,j Chap. 20,

P nr port «f •

ont-h, &c. foffi-cient in indjd-aicat.

tydi&ment* herein fliall not be an excufe un-lefs information

lodged by parties.

Perfons who have arms, (hall give notice in manner herein dire&ed, Is.



Digitized by Google

*9«

Tie thirty foil Tear ef George III.

A. D.	every fach juft ice (hall be at liberty from	time to time to

1796.	make fuch extra&s as he (hall deem fit.

Chap. ?o. VII. And be it further enaftcd, That the (aid affidavit may be fworn before any juft ice of the peace of the county. Before whom town, or city, in which the perfon making the fame fhall

afida viu may be fwora.

Penalties on perfon* having * arm*, who do not regifter.

be at the time of fwearing the fame, or before the chief juftice, or any of the other juftices of his J^efty’s court of King’s bench.

Villi And be it enaded. That any perfon having arms, and not making fuch regiftry as aforefaid, (hall upon being convided thereof, on the teftimony of two credible witncffct on oath before any magiftrate, for the firft offence forfeit tke fum of ten pounds, to be levied by fale of the goods and chattels of fuch perfon, by the warrant of fuch magiftrate, or be imprifoned by fuch magiftrate for the fpacc of two months, and for the fecond and every other offence, (hall in like manner forfeit the fum of twenty pounds, or be imprifoned for the fpace of four months.

Perfon* who IX. And be it further enaded, That any perfon who have fo notified, (hall make fuch notification as aforefaid of his having arms, Hull deliver lift* (hall at any time when required by any juftice of the peace, oi arm*, dec. being of the quorum, if in a county, deliver to fuch juftice an exad lift or inventory of all the arms in his poftdfian, verified by his affidavit, to be made before fuch juftice, and fo from time to time as often as he (hall be fo required. Juftices, or X. And be it further cna&ed. That it (hall and may be pri-ions war- lawful for any juftice of the peace, or for any perfon autho-1 juted by them, rfzcd thereto by warrant under the hand of any juftice of the peace, to fe?reh for arms in tbc houfes or grounds of any perfon not having made fuch notification as aforefaid, and whom he (hall have rcafonable ground to fufpedfc of having arms, and alfoin the houfes. or grounds of any perfon who having made fuch notification, (hall refufe or ncglcd to deliver l'uch lift or inventory, or whom he (hall have reafonabk ground to (ulpcd to have delivered a falfe lift or inventory, and in cafe of refufal of admifiion, to hreak into fuch houfe and every part thereof by force, and if any arms (hall be found in the poftclfion of any fuch perfon rcfpe&ivelv, to icize and carry away the fame for the ufe of his Majefty,

XI.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained (hall be conftrued to extend to the regifteiing of any regimental arms in the pofteftion of any perfon ferving in the army or militia, or tp authorize any perfon to keep or carry arms, who is not by the laws now of force qualified to keep or carry arms.

. .XII. And whereas in fevcral infiances perfons who hare given. information againft perfou* acou’.d of ciime* have-^een murdered before trial of the parlous accufcd, in order-

i... ..........*	:. .	..	".	to

t *

miy ftarch for arm*, in bnufes nr ground', as heicin.

Perfon* exempt, &c.

Digitized by GoogI

Tlx tUrfyJtxtl Tear of George III.

to prevent tlieir giving evidence and to effc& the acquittal of the accufed, and fomc magiftrates have been aflaffinated for their exertions in bringing offenders to juftice, be It declared and enafted, That if any perfon who hath given or (hall give information or examinations upon oath, againll Information* any perfon or perfons for any offence againft the laws, (hall	°

after the twentieth day of February, one thoufand feven ami nations after hundred and ninety-fix, and before the trial of the perfon 20 Feb. 17*6, or perfons againft whom fuch information or examination hath been or (hall be given, be murdered or violently put by^orce from to death, or fo maimed or forcibly carried away and fecreted, trials, lha.ll be as not to be able to give evidence on the trial of the per- admitted at fon or perfons againft whom fuch information or examina- evidciicc. tions were given, the information or examination of fuch perfon fo taken on oath, (hall be admitted as evidence on the trial of the perfon or perfons againft whom fuch information or examination was given.

XIII.	Provided always. That the information or exami- Exaimnat-nn nation of a witnefs fecreted, (hall not be evidence, unlefs of a witnds, a* the perfon fecreted (hall be found on a collateral ifTue to be hcrcm*

put to the jnry trying the prifoner, that he was fecreted by the perfon then on trial, or by fome perfon or perfons a&ing for him, or in his favour.

XIV.	, And be it further ena&ed, That if it (hall appear Where * wic-to the fatisfa&ion of any grand jury at any afiizes, or the

prefenting term in the couuty or the county of the city of ^aFuc^mur-^ Dublin, that any perfon giving information or evidence dered or maim-againft perfohs charged with offences againft the publick c<b arcount * peace, fhall have been murdered or maimed previous to giv. 01 cv!^cncc or

f / .	. 4 ^	rr P . exeitions;

ing their evidence on any trial or on account of any fuch grand jury may evidence given, or that any magiftrate or other peace officer pn.fent a ium (hall be murdered or maimed on account of his exertions to tor reprrfciit.*-bring difturbers of the publick peace within the county, of fu^h p«r-town or city of which he is a magiftrate or peace-officer»to juftice, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the grand jury of fuch county, town or city, to prefent fuch fuui or fums of money as they (hall think juft and reafonnble to be ptfid to the perfotial’repr*fentative of fuch witnefs, magiftrate or peace officer who (hall be murdered, or to fuch witnefs, magiftrate, or peace officer who (hall be maimed, having regard to the rank, degree, fituation and circumttances of fuch witnefs, magiftrate or peace* officer, to be raifed on the county at large, barony, half-barony, or parifh in which fuch murder' or maiming (hall refpe&ively have been perpetrated, at the diferetion of fuch grand jury.

XV.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be

lawful for any juftice of the peace to arreft and bring before	and

him, or caufe to be arretted or brought before him, any examine *

.	ftranger	thrm on oath,

Digitized by v^ooQie

The ttiurty-fiKlh Tear of George III.

•ftranger fojourning or wandering, and to examine him <x oath refpe&mg his place of abode, the place from whence he came, his manner of livelihood, and his object or motive for remaining or coming into the county, town, or city, ia which he (hall be found; and unlefs he ihah anfwer to the fatisfa&ion of fuch magifttate, fuch roagiltrate (hall commit him to gaol or the houfc of corre&ion, there to remain ui* til he find furety for his good behaviour.

XVI.	And in order to reftore peace to fuch parts of the may «uic clerk kingdom as are or may be difturbed by feditious perfoos; of peace to fum- jt further enabled. That it (hall and may be lawful to

fbflloQ inhere- anc^ ^or two ju^‘ces	peace in any county, or

jD< *	county	of	a	city or town in this kingdom, to dired by

writing under their hands and feals fuch clerk of the peace to fummon a fpecial fefiion of the peace to be holden at fuch place and at fuch time as they (hall deem expedient, not fooner than forty-eight hours after fuch direction (ball have been figned, to confider the (late of the county; and fuch clerk of the peace (hall forthwith poll notice thereof on the door of the court-houfe of the county, town or city, and caufc, as far as in him lies, every jultice of the peace refident within the county, town or city, to be fura-moned thereto, in ferving which fummons every conftable, fub-conftable, and (heriffs bailiff is hereby required to obey fuch clerk of the peace, and that the juiliccs affembled ia confequence, not being fewer than feven or the major put of them, one of whom to be of the quorum, or if in jl county of a town or city, not being fewer than three, fhall and may if they fee fit upon due confederation of the ftate of the county, fignify by memorial hgned by them to the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, that they confider their county, or any part thereof, to be in a ftate of difturbance, or in immediate danger of becoming fo, and praying that the lord lieutenant" and coyncil may proclaim fuch county, or part thereof, to be in a ftate of difturbance, or in immediate danger of becoming fo; and thcreupon.it fhall and may be lawful to and for the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, by and with the advice of his -Majcfty’s privy council by proclamation to declare fuch county, or any part of fuch county, to be in a ftate of difturbance, or in immediate danger of becoming fo, and alfo fuch parts of any adjoining county or counties as fuch chief governor or governors and council (hall think fit, in or* der to prevent the continuance or extenfion of fuch dif-,	turbance.

XVII.	And be it further ena&ed, That within three days after fuch proclamation made, or as foon after as may be,

every

Two juftieet

Digitized by t^ooQle

The thirtyftxfh Tear of George HI.	239

every cflerk of the peace of every part of the diftri& pro- A. D. claimed, ihall refpe&ively in hUxounty give noticeofholding j tvixhin two days, or as foon after as may be, a petty fefliop Chap, 30. of1 the peace, and the juftices of the peace (hall purfuant to fuch notice ajlemble themfelves, and (hall have power to	Within 3day*

adjourn from time to time, and place to place as they {hall aftcr proclama-fipd convenient, until the general fcffions of the peace or fipxne adjournment thereof (hall be held next after the firft note 0f a meeting of fuch petty feffion ; and the faid juftices, fhall at. feffiQp, at which the firft petty feffions to be held by virtue of this a<ft, ifTue j.uftl^C9 fhall at their precepts to the high, petty, and fub-conftables, and le,adjourn, other peace officers within their refpe&ive jurifdidlions, requiring their attendance at the next fucceeding petty fefliop to'be held purfuant to this a£t, which precepts (hall contain an account of the time and place appointed for the next fucceeding feffion, and Ihall from time to time caufe to he affixed on fome confpicuous part of every houfe or place of bolding fuch feffions, notice of the time of holding the next fiicceeding feffions, twenty-four hours at lead before the time of holdingthe fame ; and the faid juftices at faid firft meeting fhall order and diredl a notification figned by then* to be made throughout the diftrid fo proclaimed, that fuch diftri& has been fo proclaimed, and commanding the inhabitants to keep within their dwellings at all unfeafonafile times between fun-fet and fun-rife, and warning them of the penalties to w hich a contrary conduft will expofe them* and the faid juftices fhall caufe fuch notification to he distributed throughout every fuch proclaimed diftridl, and to be fixed up in fome confpicuous place ip all towns and villages within fuch diftridVby the conftables of the county* or fuch othei perfons as they may think fit to appoint for the purpofe.

XVIII.	And be it further enabled, That it fhall and may Majriftrat* be lawful to and for any magiflrate or other peace officer or peace office* w ithin fucb diftrift, after fuch notification fhall be made as may arr*ft per-fiforefaid, to arreft or caufe to be arrefted any perfon who tons found out fhall within fuch diftridl be found in the fields, ftreets, high- abodeCfrom 1 ways, or elfewhere out of bis dwelling or place of abode at hour after fun-any time from one hour after fun-fet until fun-rife, and fet to fun-rife, to bring him before two juftices of the peace, one of whom ^c% to be of the quorum, which juftices (hall examine the perfon fo brought before them, and unlefs he can prove tQ their fatisfa&ion that he was out of his houfe upon his lawful occalions, fuch perfon fhall be deemed an idle and disorderly perfon, and ihall be tranfmitted by the warrant of fuchjufticc8 to the officer at fome port appointed to receive recruits for his Majefly’s navy, by which officer fuch perfon (hall be received as 3 recruit for his Majcfty’s

Digitized by

goo	Th* tbirtyjixth Test ff George III*

v A. D* ntyjt ind tranfmitfed to fenre on board hit 1796. navy.

Chap.	20,	XIX. Provided always/TVt it (hall and may be lawful

to and for every fuch perfon fo arrefted, to appeal to the Appeal	to	next feflions of the peace, and on his giving bail within.

■?*?	fo^ty eight hours to the fatisfoftion of fuch juftice of the

within 4Shotjn <lUOIum> before whom he (hall be fo brought for his appear-. stwhHhhpapl ance at fuch feflions, he (bail be difeharged from cuftodr peal flull be until fuch feflions, at which hi« appeal (hall be finally dif finally difpofed pofed of, and if the judgment of the two judices before whom he was fir (I brought be affirmed, he (hall be forthwith, or as foon as conveniently may be, transmitted to fuch officer of the navy as aforefaid, by order of the juf-tices at fuch (effion.

Jvftiees, &c. XX. And be it further enaftefl, That it (hall and may may enter be lawful for any juftice of the peace, py aqy perfon thereto hosfain&ftria authorised by the warrant of any iuflice of the peace at * “ any time from one hour after fun-ict until fui\-rifo, to demand adraifGon, and, if refufed, by force to enter into any houfe in any diftrift fo proclaimed as aforefaid, from which, he (hall fufpeft the inhabitants or any of them to be then abfent, and fearch therein* fo as to difooycr whether the inhabitants or inmates or any of them be abfent; apd if the inhabitants or inmates or any of them be abfent between the faid hours, the perfon or penons fo abfent (hall be deemed idle and difonjcrly perfons, unlefs he or they can prove to the Satisfaction of tne juflices before whom he or flic (hall be brought, or upon an appeal to the feflions, giving fuch bail as aforefaid, that he or they were abfent on his or their lawful and proper occfcfions, and (hall be de^h w*th to all intents and purpofes, and in all refpefts as perfons out of thei^ dwellings between the hours aforefaid.

XXI.	And be further enafted, Tlia^ all yerfons taking unlawful oaths (hall be deemed difordcrly perfons within thf

to he (leak with meaning of this aft, and being charge<j with fuch offence oq as herein, *oath may be arrerted, and % fuch charge inquired into, and adjudged of in the fame manner, witli like appeal, to al) intents and purpofes as herein tyeforc direfted, of and concerning perfons out of their dwellings, between the hours aforefaid. .

XXII.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That perfons who cannot upon examination prove them-felvcs toexercife and iriduftrioufly follow foipe lawful trade or employment as a labourer or othenvife, or to have fom< fubftancc fufficient for their fupport and maintenance, (hall be deemed idle and disorderly perfonst, and (hall be dealt with according to what is herein before direfted refpefting

perfouy

Pcrfim# ta?c»ng unlawful oath%

Perform who do not follow fbme employment or have rot fubfiflence, deemed dilor-dcrly, See,

Digitized by Google

Tbt thirty-Jixth Tear of George I1L	•	301

perfons out of their dwellings at unfeafonable houn as afore- A. D. laid.	1796.

XXIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That any perfbn Chap. 20. fent to ferve on board hfa Majcfty’s fleet in confequence of

any fuch adjudication as aforefaid, (hall be thereby difeharg- Perfon* fent ed and freed from any penalty to which by law he might be fr^Mrom p©J* fubjefl by rcafon of the offence, for the committing of nalty. which he (hall have been fo adjudged to ferve in the navy.

XXIV.	And be it further ena&ed, That in any county, , Time of fit-county of a town or city, or part thereof, which fhall be ting of court of proclaimed as aforefaid, during fuch time as the fame (hall fclfions.

fo. remain proclaimed, the court of fellions of the peace (haH from time to time fo adjourn, that there (hall not be a greater length of time between any two fittings of the court than fourteen days.

XXV.	And be it further envied, That it fhall and may perfons ad-be lawful for the juflices of the peace adjudging any perfon judged to ferve fo ferve on board the navy as aforefaid, immediately on onboard the fuch adjudication, if the perfon adjudged does not appeal’ "av7*

and fiod furcty as aforefaid, or if lie fhall appeal, then for any gaol/ tlie juftices at feffiom immediately on confirmation of the order to caufe any perfon fo adjudged to be tranfmitted out of the county if they fhall think proper, to any other gaol fn this kingdom, there to remain until he fhall be removed and fent on board his Majefty's navy by the officer appointed for that purpofe, to whom fuch juflices fhall caufe immediate notice to be given of fuch committal.

XXVI. And be it further enabled, That all (heriffs and	Sheriff*'and gaolers fhall receive and be anfwerable for the fafe- keeping gaolers to re-of all perfons fo tranfmitted and to them rcfpeClively de- fuch pcr livered, as if they had been delivered by the Warrant of any tnagillratc of the county, town or city in wjiich the gaol

lies.

XXVII.	And be it enabled. That it fhall be lawful for Gaoler? «r the faid juftices, or any two of them, at any feflion or ad- conftables may journmerit of a feflion of the peace, to impofe upon any

gaoler or keeper of any houfe of correction or prifon, who 0°dcrC*&c *L fhall fuffer any perfon committed to his cuilody by virtue of herein*. thi*3 a& to efcape, or upon any conftable or other peace officer for every wilful negled or default in the execution of any warrant or order to him dire&ed purfuant to this a Cl, a fine not exceeding ten pounds, and to caufe every fnch fine to be levied by diftrefs and fale,of the offender’s goods and chattels, rendering the overplus (if any) to the owner, and to pay the fine to the informer or informers, or in default of payment or levying fuch fine, to commit fuch perfon to gaol for the ffiace ofthree months.

XXVIII.	And

5

Digitized by CjOOQie

Verlbn* ad-fudged to fare in navy, not to be taken out of fervice, except a* herein.

Juftices, dec. may call upon perfons whofc arms are re-fiftered, whilft proclamation is m force, and take arms, fisc.

Farfonstu^

multuoufly af-fcmblcd, deemed difordcrly, «tc.

Perfhits deemed dtfor-dcrlfr fire.

Perfons hawk* tog feditiou9 papers, &c. deemed difordcrly, *c>

The thirtyfxA Tew of George III.

XXVIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That no perfba delivered over or adjudged to be delivered over to the officer of the navy purfuant to this ad, (hall be liable to be taken out of any gaol to which be fhall be committed as aforefaid, or out of hisMajcfty’s fervice, by any writ or procefc other than by fome criminal procefs for treafon or felony, and that all proceeding* by jufticcs of the peace at feffions under tht» a&, fhall be earned on fammarily, and fhall not be removable by certiorari.

XXIX.	And be it farther ena&ed. That it fhall and may be lawful for any juflice of the peace, or any perfbn authorized by the warrant of fuch juftice in any diftri& Co proclaimed, and whilfl fuch proclamation fhall remain ir* force, to caU upon every perion who ha* regiftered arms within fuch diftri&, to produce or account for the faraey and to enter any hotife or place whatever, and fearch for arm* and ammunition, and to take and carry away ail arm* and ammunition which they may think neccfTary to take pofTeffion of, in order to preferve or reflore the publick peace, and to difpofe thereof in a place or places of fafety -T provided ncverthelefs that the jwdice or other perfou taking fuch arms, do upon demand give to the owner or pofTdToc thereof, a receipt fpecifying the number and kinds thereof, to the end that when fuch diitri& fhall ceafe to be difturbed, fuch arms and ammunition may be reflored to the owner or pofTeflbr, if he be entitled to receive and keep the fome,- or to be otherwife difpofed of a9 the law dire&s.

XXX.	And be it further ena&ed, That if in any diftri& in this kingdom fo as aforefaid proclaimed, any perfons fhall unlawfully or tumultuoufly afTemble in the day time, fuch perfons and every of them fhall be deemed idle and diforderly perfons within the meaning of this a&, and be dealt with accordingly, and in manner as herein dire&ed refpe&iog perfons out of their dwelling at the onfeafonable hours aforefaid.

XXXI.	And be it further ena&ed, That all perfons found aflembled in any proclaimed diftri&, iu any houfe in which malt or fpirituous liquors are fold, not being inmates thereof or travellers, whether licenfedor unlicenfed, after the hours of nine at night and before fix in the morning, (hall be liabl* to be deemed- idle and difordcrly perfons within the meaning of this a&, and fhaU and may be arrefled and carried before two juflices of the peace, one to be of the .quorum, and he dealt with accordingly.

• XXXII. And be it further ena&ed. That if any man ov boy fhall, in any diftvid fb proclaimed, hawk or dtfperfe any feditious hand-bill, paper or pamphlet, or pape* by taw acquired to be ftamped and not duly (tamped, fucK man or

boy

Digitized by Google

VThe thirty-fmlh Year of George III*

boy /hall be deemed an. idle and diforderly perfon,. and dealt with accordingly, and as is herein before direded mr and if any woman (haft hawk or difperfe any feditious hand-bill, paper, or paper not duly (lamped, fuch woman being cou-vicfcrd thereof by the oath of one witnefs before two juftices of the peace, one of whom to be of the quorum, fuch woman (hall by the warrant of fuch- two juftices be committed to the gaol of the county, there to remain for three months, unlefs Hie (hall foOner difcovcr the perfon or perfons from whom /he received, or by whom (he was employed to fell, hawk or difperfe fuch papers or pamphlets: provided always, that inch woman may appeal from fach adjudication to the next faflions of the peace.

XXXIII.	And be it further enaded, That in counties of towns and cities where there cannot be judices of the quorum, orders and adjudications may be made purfuant to this a&, by one or-more juftices of fuch counties of towns and cities.

XXXIV.	And be it further enaded, That if any perfon or perfons (hall wilfully do any ad or thing whereby the ex-* ecution of this ad, in fearchiag for, taking, feizing and fecuring any perfon or perfons, ammunition or arms-as afore-faid, (hall be hindered or obftruded, every fuch perfon fo hindering or abftruding, (hall be deemed an idle and diforderly perfon within- the meaning of this law, and dealt with accordingly.

j£XXAf. And beit further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for aU magiftrates of the adjacent counties at large refpedively* to execute thifr ad within the feveral counties of cities or counties of towns in this kingdom, except the county of the city of Dublin, and in like manner that the feveral magiftrates of fuch counties of cities and counties of towns (hall have like powets to execute this ad in the adjacent counties at large.

XXXVI# And be it farther enaded, That if any adioa, fait, plaint or information (hall be commenced or profe-cuted agaiaft any perfon or perfons for what he or they (hall do in purfaance or execution of this ad, the fame (hail be commenced within fix months after the offence committed, and (hall be brought od laid within the county where the fad was committed; and fuch perfon fo faed may plead the

Seneral iffue of not guilty, and upon iffue joined may give its ad, and the fpecial matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff or profecutor (hall become nou-fuit or forbear pra-fecutiarn, or faffer ‘a difeont(nuance, or if a vetdid or judgment on demurrer pafs agaiuft him, the defendant (hall recover treble cods.

XXXVII. Provided

303

A, D.

1796. Chap. 20#

Where juftiem may aft.

Perfon* ob-ftru&ing, aft, deemed diforderly, Slc.

Magi (traces of adjacent counties may execute this a& as herein.

Suit! to be commenced within 6 months.

Digitized by Google

A. D.

1-796. Chap. 20.

Where Ter. £& for pUintifT, oaly 6H. damages, uid bo coiU.

Where aa «ru malicioufly committed, double toils to plaintiff.

Lord lien-tenant and conn: it may revoke proclamation.

Grand jury may prefent, a* herein.

In force until ift Jan.1797, and end of scat ieffion.

XXXVII.	Provided always and be it further enaded^ That when a verdid (hall be given for the plaintiff in any adion to be brought againft againft any juft ice of the peace, peace officer or other perfon, for taking or imprisoning gr detaining any perfon, or for Seizing arms or ammunition, or entering houfes under colour of any authority given by this ad, and it Shall appear to the judge or judges before whom the fame (hall be tried, that there was a probable cauie for doing the ad complained of in fuch adion, and the judge Or court (hall certify the fame on record, then and in that cafe the plaintiff (hall not be entitled to more than Sixpence damages, nor to any cofts of Suit.

XXXVIII.	Provided alfo. That where a verdid (hall be given for the plaintiff in any fuch adion as aforefaid, aad the judge or court before whom the caufe (haU be tried, (hall certify on the record that the injury for which fuch ad ion is brought was wilfully and malicioufly comxxfttted, the plaintiff (hall be entitled to double cofts of Suit.

XXXIX.	And be it further enacted. That it (haU and may be lawful for the lord lieutetant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, by and with the advice of the priyy council, to revoke and annul any proclamation iffiicd in purfuance of this ad.

XL. And be it further enaded. That it (hall be lawful for every grand jury at any affizes, and for the grand juries at the presenting terms for the county of Dublin, to preient a fum to be raifcd off the county, and paid to the ading clerk of the peace after the rate of three pounds for each fellion of the peace which (hall be held by virtue of this ad, and which he (hall perfonally attend, and that it (hall be kwful likewife for them to prefent to be raifcd in like manner fuch fum as may be neceffary to pay the expencea of fending prifoners to gaol under the provifions of this ad, not exceeding the fum of three pence per mile for each constable and afuftant which the jufticc who (haU Sign the warrant of commitment, (hall certify to have been ordered by him to go with fuch prifoner, and that it (hall be lawful likewife for them to prefent to be raifed in like manner all fuch fums as may be requifttc to defray the cxpenccs necef-farily incurred in the execution of this ad.

XL I. Provided always, and be it enaded. That this ad (hall continue in force until the firft day of January, in the year one thoufand fever! hundred and nincty-fevcn, and to the end of the next feffion of parliament, and no longer.

CHAP.

*

The thirtyJixth Tear tif George III.

CHAP. XXII.

3©J

A. D.

An Aft for rendering more effectual the feveral Law hereto* fore made, for the Government and Regulation of tht Bar-racks, and other Public IVbrks in this Kingdom.

m

HE REAS the laws heretofore made for the govern- Preamble, v V ment and regulatiori of the barracjts, and other public works in this kingdom, have been found inefftdua), by means whereof many inconveniencies have arifen ; for remedy whereof, be it enaded by the King’s mod excellent Ma-jefty, hy and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it (hall Commiffi oners and may be lawful to and for the commiflioners and over- of barracks may feers of the bairacks, and their fucceflbrs for the time be- ta^e leal«», &c. ing, from time to time, upon a previous communication ■with the lords commiflioners of his Majefly’s treafury, and by the diredion of the chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, to take and accept of grants, or leafes of lands, grounds or houfes, either in fee-flmple, fee-farm, or for lives with or without renewals, or for any te in of years that fliall be found expedient; the purebafe money or monies nevertheh fs <o be paid, or fecured to the grantors, owners, proprietors or fellers, and the yearly rents contrnded for, or to be addled by fuch leafes, to be paid and fecured to the refpedlve landlords in the fame manner, as is preferibed in and by the feveral ads now in force, for the regulation of the barracks aud other public works ; and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Paid commif-fioners and overfeers, from time to time, by fuch direction as aforefaid, to fell, grant, or deinife in like manner, old or decayed barracks, or any lands, grounds or houies, which may be found ufelefs or unneceflaiy, and the materials thereof.

II. And be it further enaded, That whenever and as when jury often as it (hall or may become neceflary to iir.pannel a' jury impanr.elied, for any of the feveral purpofes mentioned in the Paid feveral > commiflioner a6ls now in foice, for the regulation of barracks and other public works, that one or more of the faid commiflioners (hall be, and are hereby veiled with all powers and authorities in that refped, which have been heretofore veiled in three or more of the faid commiflioners by the faid former ads, or any of them ; and that the jury or juries to be im-panneled by virtue of this and the faid former ads, (hall nave full power and authority, not only to enquire into the Vol. X.	U	tru*

Digitized by

^ficre leafe*

are not, or tan-fiot be reared, con . * all i aufc lea t* to be pie-pwed, tec.

The thirtyfxth Tear of George III.

true yearly value of fuch lands, tenements and hereditanfenfs* as may be expedient to take in Itafe, but alfo to tnquiit into, and make return of the full value of fuch lands, tene* ments, and hereditaments, ag it may be necefiary to pur-chafe for the ufe of his Majcfty, his heirs and fucceffor*, for the purposes in the faid former ads mentioned ; which leak or leafes, purchafe or purchafes, the faid commiffioners arc hereby empowered to make, with the approbation of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, firfl had andobtained.

IIL And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe the perfoe or perfons to whom the rent or rents (hall legally belong, fhall refufe or nrgtedt, or by rtafon of non-age, coverture, or any other difability, fhall not have it in his, her, or their power, to make and ezecute a proper leafe or Ieafes of fuch lands, tenements, or hereditaments fo valued, at a yearly rent or rents as aforefaid, that then and in every fuch calc, the faid commiflioners fhall caufe a leafe or leafcs, with the ufual covenants and claufcs between landlord and tenant, to be prepared, of which leafe or Ieafes they, or any three or more of thern^ fhall execute a counterpart or counterparts, which leafe or Ieafes fhall be returned to, and lodged in hit Majelty’s court of exchequer, with the inquifition or inquisitions found by the jury or juries, within the timepre-feribed by the faid former acts; and that if fuch perfon or perfons fhall for the Ipacc of thirty^one days, next after lodging fuch inquifition and leafe, lefilfe or negltd to execute fuch leafe, and deliver up the pofleffion of fbe pre-mifes compli ed therein, to the laid commiflioners, or to the perfon or perloiis lawfully authorized by them to receive the fame, that then and in every fuch cafe, it {hail and may be lawful for (he faid eommiffioners to apply to the chancellor, treafurer, and barons of the find court, for an injunction to Ik? directed to the fheriff or fhcriffs of the counties, wherein fuch lands, tenements, or hereditaments fhall be fituate, to put the faid con.mifiioners, or their attorney lawfully authorized, into the full, quiet, and peaceable pof-fcfTH-n thereof, which court fhall and may thereupon, make mi order for fuch injunction, unlefs good caufe be ihewn to the contrary, in fourteen running days after the publication thereof in the Dublin Gazette, and porting a copy in the hall of the faid court, and alfo in the office of the chief remembrancer; and at the expiration of ihe faid fourteen Tunnitfg days, in cafe no fuftiac t caule fhall be {hewn, Audi and may make the faid conditional order abfohrte, and faid injunction fhall accordingly iflue ; by virtue wjiercof the r.criff or fheriffb of fuch county wherein the premiflet

yi

Digitized by

Google,

Tfte thirty •Jixth Ytar of George lit.

(h£ll be fitiiate, (hall and Is, and are hereby reqnifed to de* liver the full, quiet, peaceable poffeflion of the premifes therein to be mentioned, to. the (aid commiflioners, or to their attorney or.attornies in that behalf, lawfully authorized, and from time to time quiet them or him therein.

IV.	Provided always, That whenfoever the owner of owners; proprietor or proprietors of fuch lands, tenements, pr hereditaments, fo comprifed in fuch leaft or leafes, (hall be willing to execute thfc fomf, he or they (hall upon execution thereof* be at liberty to take fuch counterpart or counterparts out of the faid court of exchequer.'

. V. .And be it further tna&ed, That in cafes where the jury (hall affefs and find a fum or fdffis of money to be paid for afty purchafe or purchafer of any fuch lands, tenements or hereditaments* or. any fubordinate or inferior intereft or intereils therein, fuch Ending fhall be forthwith' laid before the chief governor or governors of this kingdom, for the time being, and if approved of, fhall be carried into execution with all convenient fpced; and that if the perfon of perfons to whom fuch fum or fnms of money fhall belong, pr be payable, fhsdl refufe or negleft to receive the fame; and execute a, proper deed or deeds of conveyance, or af-fignmept, as the cafe may .be, that then arid in every fuch fcafe, fpeh commiflioners fhall* as foori after, returning and filing the inquifition in the exchequer, as the fame Can be dope, lodge and depofit in the bank of Ireland, under an Order to be made for that purpofe, by the faid court of exchequer, with the privity of the accountant general thereof; which order the faid court are hereby empowered to make, the full amount of the purchafe money found iri and by fuch inquifition ; and upon a Certificate of the faid ao Countant general, that the fame is lodged accordingly; the. faid court fhall and may, upon application to be made to them, by or op behalf of fuch commiflioners, make an order for an injun&ioh to be dirc&ed to the fheriff or (heriffs of the county, iri which fuch fends, tenements, or hereditaments fhall be fituate, tx> put them or their attorney therein lawfully aifthoifeed, into the full, quiet; and peaceable poffeflion thereof, unlefs good cafufe be (hewn to the contrary in fourteen running days after publication thereof in the, Dublin Gazette, and pofthrg a copy in the hall of the laid court, and alfo in the office of the chief remembrancer j and at the expiration of the faid fourteen funning days, in cafe no fufficient caufe fhall be (hewn, fhall and may make the faid conditional order abfolute, and the faid injun&ion fhall accordingly iffue, by virtue whereof the fhe-riff or (heriffs of fuch county, fhall and is, and are hereby U a	required

, Counter-part of leafes may b« taken out of exchequer.

: Findings of itirieS to be ^ , laid before chief governors,

-Digitized by

Goo

A.	requited	to	deliver	the full, quiet, and peaceable pofieffiod

1796- of the prtiv.ifes therein mentioned, to the faid commiffioncrs. Chap. 22. or to their laid attorney thereto lawfully authorized, a1A from time to time quiet them and him therein.

Penons enti- VI. And be it further enacled, That the perfon or periled may take fons entitled to fuch money or monies fo lodged and depo-

their n or.ey on	jn the fa|J hank, fhali be at liberty whenever he, foe,

executing deeds, or ^ or

the heirs, executors, adminiftrators or affigns of 1 him, her, or them refpe&ivcly (hall think fit, to takr the I fame out of the faid bank, upon exteuting proper deeds c£ conveyance or afiignment, and thereupon apply to the court of exchequer for that purpofe ; which court are hereby authorized to dire& the faid accountant general, to . draw upon the faid bank for the full amount of fuch pnr-fchafe money or monies, without any dedu&ion whatfoevrr, in favour of the perfon or perfor.s fo applying; and in cafe filch perfon or perfons, or any of them fo entitled, fhaB labour under any difability or incapacity whatfoever, that | then and in every fuch qafe, the perfon or perfons by h* empowered to manage or take care of the money or monies 1 of fuch perfon or perfons labouring under any difability or incapacity as aforefaid, (hall be at liberty to apply to the faid court, in the fame manner as fuch perfon or perfons entitled might do, if free from any difability or incapacity, and the faid court may accoidingly order payment of the fame, to him, her, or them, or any of them, as the court fhali in their difevetion think leafonable; fuch perfon or per- 1 fons iievcrthelefs executing the neceffary deeds, conveyances, dr alignments, in the name or names of, and on behalf of the perfon or perfons fo entitled, which deed or deeds are to be certified into the exchequer, in the manner now prescribed by, la\y, and thereupon (hall be final and coudufiwe to the feveral and refpedive owners, proprietors, and other perfons intcrefted, notwuhftanding any difability or capacity whatfoever.

Perfonsag- VII. Piovided always. That if it fhali at any time hap-rrieved may j>e- pen that the owners, proprietors, or parties intcrefted in titioD, as herein, puch prem[fe9> a8 fhali by the authorities aforefaid be dt-miied or fold to fuch commiflioners, in trail for his Majefty, his heirs and fucc jffors, (hall conceive themfclves, or any of them, to be aggrieved by fuch verdi6t, inquifition, or injunction,' that it lhall and may be lawful for fuch perfon or perfons, at any time from the day of holding fuch enquiry, and verdidl found to the lad day of the term next after the execution of fuch injun6tion, to exhibit his or their petition to the faid court of exchequer, verified by the affidavit, or affirmation if a quaker, of the perfon or peifons fo complaining}





rtTrtifaa



' Digitized by

The thirtyflxth Tear of George IIL	309

plaining, ftating the grievance or grievances, and praying A. D. a new enquiry and valuation ; whereupon the laid court of 1 796, exchequer (hall, if they fee fit'and reasonable, accordingly — direct fuch new enquiry and valuation to be proceeded up- Court may on, by the faid commiffioners, or any one or more of them, entlu^y» In the fame form as the former, and fuch new valuation Shall be filed in the faid court of exchequer, and be conclusive to all parties; and in cafe no petition or complaint fhall	,

be made within the faid time fo preferibed, that then, and from thence forward, the right, title, and poffeffion of the {aid commiffioners in trull for his Majefly, his heirs and fuc-ceflors, fhall Hand abfolutely confirmed, and be good and valid againfl all bodies politic and corporate, and all other perfon and perfons whatfoever.

*	CHAP. XXIII.

An A3 to amend certain Rules, Orders and Directions, made by the Lord Lieutenant and Council of Ireland, for the better regulating of all Cities, IVailed Towns, and Corporations •within this Kingdom of Ireland; and the electing of Magif-trates therein, fo far as to change the Day of Eleftion of Magiflrates, from Chrijimas-day to another more proper day. „

WHEREAS the lord lieutenant and council of Ireland, in the year "of our Lord, one thoufand fix hundred and feventy-two, did make and cflablifh ceitain rules, orders, and dire&ions, for the better regulating of cities, walled towns, and corporations within this kingdom of Ireland, and the ele&ing magiflrates therein, which commonly are Cqllcd the new rules, and which have the force of an a<5l of parliament, by virtue of a claufe in an a&, entitled, An aft for explaining fame doubts, arifing upon an aft,, entitled. An ^ft for the better execution of his Majejly’s gracious declaration, for the fettkment of this kingdom of Ireland, and futisfaction of the fevered i\iterejls of adventurers, foldiers and others, hisfubjefts there, and for making fome alterations of, and additions unto the faid aft, for the more fpeedy and ejfcftual fettle-mrnt of the faid kingdom ; in which laid rules, if is exprefly-ordered and provided, that upon all ele&ions to be made after the lail day of December, in the faid year, of any perfon or perfons to ferve in any of the offices of chief magif-tiatc or magistrates, recorder, fheriffs, or town clerk of any* 9f the fever a 1 cities, walled towas, or corporations of this *'	kingdom^

Digitized by v^ooQle

Vhe thirtyJixth Y<qr of George IIJ.

kingdom, the names of the perfona fo ele&ed to ferve k the faid feveral offices, fha$ be by the laid corporatism forthwith, after fuch elections, prefented to the lord lieutc-pant or other chief governor or governors and the privy council of this kingdom, tQ f>e approved of -by them; ant; \he faid perfons fo elc^cd, for any of $he faid offices, fliaH be for ever thereafter incapable of ferving in the faid feve. yal offices, or any of them, until they (hall be refpe&ivdy approved of by the lord lieutenant, or othef chief governor pr governors, and t^e privy council of this kingdom, by order uftdcr their hands, and in cafe the perfons or any of them^ whole names (hall be fo prefented tq the lord Iseute-pant or other chief governor or governors and council of this'kingdom, (half not be fo approved of, within t^n days after their names ffiall be fo prefented, then and in fuch cafe, {he faid corporation (hall from time to time proceed to a new ele&ion of fit perfops for the bid refpe&ive offices. For which jhe perfons fo prefented (hall not be approved of, and (halj ^n like manner prefent their names to the faid lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors and privy conn-cil of this kingdom, until they (hall have chqfcn fuch perfons for the faid refpe&ive offices, as (hall be fo approved of ?s aforefaid; and thjtt all fuch of the faid officers that are annually chofen, who by the charters of the bid refpedive cities, walled towns or corporations, or any of them, have not ufuaHy been eleffed three months before the day whereon they are to enter upon the execution oT their faid refpec-tive offices, (hall for ever thereafter be ele&ed for the faid tefpe&ive offices on that day three months, which (hall precede the day whereoq they are to enter upon the execution of the faid refpe&ive offices, unkfs the faid day (hall happen o i a Sunday, and then the faid ek&ion to be on the day following", the faid three months to be accounted calendar months; to tfie end that there may be fufficieot time between each election, and their entering upon the execution of their faid refpe&ive offices, for the obtaining the approbation of the lord lieutenant and council, and other chief governor or governors and council of this kingdom, and for the making qf new elections in the’ places of fuch who (hall not be fo approved of) provided always, that this rule (hall not expend to the eledion of apy pcrlon in any of the faid cities, walled towns oV corporations', w{io fhall bo cKofen in the

1>lace of any fuch of the fafd officers that are annually cho-en, who fhall die within the year of their execution of the (aid refpe&ive offices, or within one ri\ontb hefoie they are to enter upon the execution thereof: And whereas it fo happens, that in certain corporations, the day appointed by Charter for the chief magiilrate to enter upon the execution

" _ TDigitTzeg^y VV_

The thirty ft xtb Tear of George III.

of his office, is the twenty-fifth day of March, whereby the jele&ion of the faid magiftrate muft neceflarily, under the {aid rule, fall upon Chriftmas-day, to the ^reat interruption of thofe folemn ads of devotion, which it is the duty of every good Chriftian to perform upon the day of the nativity of our bleffed Saviour; for remedy thereof, we pray it may be enaded, and be it enaded by tjie King’s moft excellent Majcfty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefen t parliament affembled, and by the authority o/ the fame.

That from and after the twenty-ninth day of September Corporations

next,, whenever it (hall happen in any of the faid cities, to eka magif-

walled towns qr corporations, fubjed to faid rule or or*; tr^tcs, as herein,

dier of. the lord lieutenant apd council, that the day of fwear-

mg in fuch magiftrates, in order that they may enter into

the execution of their refpedive offices, fiiall happen to be

the twenty-fifth day of March, whereby the'day of eledi-

qu of fuch magiilrate mqft neceffyrjly fall upon Cbriftmas-,

day, that it (hall and may be lawful at all times after the

faid twenty-ninth day of September next, for the refpedive.

perfons entitled under the fevered charters of the faid cities,

walled towns, apd corporations, to meet and afTemblc on

the firft day of Qdober, pi every, year, ip like manner as.

they may now do op the twenty-fifth day of December,

and hold fuch eledipns, ^nd do all other corporate ads,‘

in like manner as they now c\o upqn the tweuty-fifth day.

of December, any thing contained in the charters of any

pf the faid cities, walled towns, or corporations, or in,	1

any aft or a&e of parliament {o the. contrary notwith-

Handing.

111.	Provided always, That if the faid day of eledioa NoekAiona (hall happen to fall upon a Sunday, theu and in fuch cafe on Sunday.

{he faid cledion (hall and may be holden on the day foU

V>wing,

Q H A P<

Digitized by Google

The thirtyfxth Tear of George Iff.

3r2 A. D*

Amended 38 G.3. c.*5.

After 1 ft June, lord lieut &c. maydividecoun-ties, &c. as berejq.

CHAP. XXV.

An AS for the better and more convenient Admimfratm if Jujlicey and for the Recovery of fmall Debts in a fummarj Wayy at the Se/ftcns of the Peace of the feveral Countui at large within this Kingdom, except the County of Dublin, aid for continuing and amending an Ady entitled, An Ad Jot the better Execution of the Law and Prefervation of the Peace within Counties at Urge.

WHEREAS the recovery of fmall debts by civil bills iiath been found beneficial to the King’s fubjeebof this kingdom : and whereas the great increafe of the number of civil bills, and alfo the great ingreafe of other bu6* nefs at the aftizes of the fevfcral counties of this kingdom, have made it highly inconvenient that fuch civil bills ihould continue to be heard and determined at the affizes: and whereas it will contribute much to the eafe of the poor (whole caufe# principally are tried by civil bills, and who are now frequently brought far from their homes, arid often unavoidably kept many days attending the affizes ai parties or witneffes on fuch civil bills, and fometimes at an expence exceeding the value of the Aim in contell) if there fhali be more frequent opportunities of hearing and determining caufes by civil bill, within the feveral counties of this kingdom, and more places appointed for hearing and determining the fame ; be it therefore ena&ed by the fcng’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority #cf the lame, That from and after the firll day of June, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-fix, it fhali and may be lawful to and for the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, for the time being, by and with the advice of the privy council, to divide each and every of the feveral counties at large within this kingdom, (except the county of Dublin,) into two divifions, A>r the purpofe of the more cons’eoi-cntly hearing and determining of civil bills only; and that each of fuch divifions fhali confift of a certain number of baronies or half baronies,, or both, to be nominated and appointed by the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governor, with the advice of the privy council, without regard to or affe&ing fuch diftri&s as the faid counties or any of them have been or hereafter may be divided into, for

the

Digitized by

Google

The thirty-fxth Tear of George III.

the purpofes of an ad patted in this kingdom irt the twefl* ty-feventh year of his prefent Majefty, entitled, An a3 for the better execution of the law and prefcrvathn of the pctttfe within counties at large ; and that the faid lord lieutenant of other chief governor or governors, hy and with fuc'h advice as afi’refaid, m^y nominate and appoint one or more convex nient town or towns in each of the faid divifions refpedivCw ly, in one of which to\Vnc a civil hill court fhall be held font tiities in every year, at fome general foflion or quarter feffionfc of the peace, or fome adjournment thereof, for the refpedivfc county, in the manner herein after n\entionedf for the refpec-tivc divifions intvhich fuch towns fo to be nominated and appointed (hall be (ituated, and every fuch division (hall be dif* tinguilhed refpedively hy the name of fome one of fetch . towns within the fame, as fhall be fo nominated.

II. And be it further enaded by the authority afotefoid,

That it (hail and may he lawful to and for the lord lieutenant m	^

or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, for tSnyr barriftcr.

Lord licot. to appoint a pfic-

tile time being, from time to time to nominate and appoint &*. as bereia. a pradfifm; ban liter at law, of fix years (landing at the leaft, or who fh;Jl have actually pradifed fix years, and (hall not at the time of his appointment to fuch office have retired from piaaice in his Majdly’s courts of law, at Dublin, for more than two years, to ad as a conflant afftftant to the juf-tices at every felfions of the peace and adjournment therectf for all fuch counties at large (except the county of Dublin), as have nut hitherto been divided into diitrids for the purpofes of the faid ad of the twenty-feventh year of his pre-fen t Tviaj eft y ; and whether the faid lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors (hall think fit to divide fuch counties into drftrids for the purpofes of the faid ad of the ' twenty-feVenth year of his prefent Majefty or not; and that eve^y fuch barrifter, fo appointed, (hall be ipfi faHo in the commiffion of the peace, and a juftice of the peace for the county in which he (hall be fo appointed, even though no commiflion fhould be iffued for the purpofe, and fhall duly attend at every ftflion of the peace and adjournment thereof, holden in fuch county, and (hall continue fuch attendance during the whole of every fuch feffionand every adjournment thereof, fave and except fuch fefllons ot adjournments thereof as (haH be held for the porpofe of regiftering freeholders, or for any other purpofes fave the adminiftration of juftice fn criminal cafes, and the hearing caufes in manner herein mentioned by civil bilL

III. And be it enaded, That the afiiftant barrifters fo to be appointed, and fuch as have been already appointed, fhall r/vSala7 .be feverally and refpedively paid out of the confolidatcd m barnftcr. fund, fuch falariesas the lord lieutenant, or other ehief governor

*

Digitized by

■oogle.^,,

8a1arr not paid until clerk certifies

General fefli-om to be held 8 times in every year stlcaft.

From I Any. affiltam barrif-ters to determine difputes as herein.

The tbiriyfxih Tear of George III.

veraor or governors of this kingdom, for the time being! (hall, by warrant dire&, not exceeding fuch yearly fum, as with the fees payable to fuch aftiftant barrifters on civil bill decrees, renewals, and difmifles, as herein dire&ed, as will amount to the clear net fum of four hundred pounds a year, to any of the faid aftiftant barrifters; provided that no member of the houfe of commons, in the prefent or any future parliament, (hall, during the time of his being a member of the houfe of commons, be capable of holding the faid office of fuch aftiftant barrifter.

IV.	And be it eua&ed, That every fuch clerk of the peace, (hall, half yearly, on every fiift day of Jane, and firft day of January, certify to the fecretary of the treafury, the amount of fuch fees fo payable to fuch barrifter for the pre? ceding half year, and that no falary (hall ifTue from the trea* fury until fuch certificate (hall have been made.

V.	And be ft further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the firft day of September, in the year of our Lord, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-fix, general feftions of the peace, or adjournments thereof, in every connty at large in this kingdom, (hall be holden eight times in every year at the leaft, the four new feftions or adjournments to be holden in fix weeks from the times refpectively now by law appointed for the holding of the general quarter feftions of the peace, and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, for the time being, by and with the advice of the privy cquncil, to appoint proper and convenient towns in every fuch county/at which fuch feflion^ and adjournments (hall he refpe^ively holden.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That from and after the firft day of Auguft, it (Hall and may be lawful to and for fuch aftiftant barrifters as have already heen nominated and appointed by force of the faid apt of the twenty-feventh year of his prefent Majefty, and for all fuch aftiftant bam’f-tere as (hall from time to time be nominated and appointed is manner aforefaid, and they and each of them are and is hereby impowered four times in every year, in each divifion of the county to which they have been, a$ aforefaid, or ihall be, as aforefaid, refpe&ivcly nominated and appointed, and in fuch towns of fuch divisions reipe&ively as (hall he nominated and appointed in manner aforefaid, and rat Come general feftion or quarter feftion pf the peace, or adjournment thereof, for fuch refpe&ive counties, to, hear and determine in a fummary way by Englifh bill, or paper petition, uiually called civil bill, all difputes and differences between party and party for any fum not exceeding twenty pounds, m aU a&ious of debt on any bond, bill or fpecialty for pay.

X

.„ .Digitized by'

Google

. The tbirty-fixtb Tear of George IIL

jrnent of money only, and in anions on the cafe on any promiffbry note or inland bill of exchange, and in adion* on monitions ifluing from ecclefiaftical courts, for non-payment of fums in which the parties fhall have been condemn? cd in fuch courts for predial tithes or cofts of fuit, accord? ing to the provifions of an ad pafTcd in this kingdom in the feventh year of his prefent Majefty, entitled, An ad to conr tinue ana amend an aft pajfed in the third year of hit Majejly’s reign, entitled, An aft to amend and explain an aft made in the thirty •third year of the reign of Henry the eighth, entitled, Ap aft for tithes, and for. other purpofes therein mentioned; or for any fum not exceeding ten pounds in all adions of debt fqr pent, upon leafes, articles, minutes, or contradsdn writing, and in all adfions on the cafe in ajfumtfit and inftmul computajjet, and the fum of five pounds in all adions of trover and cpn-yerfion, quantum meruit, adiong of trefpafs, or detinue for goods and chattels taken or detained, and to make and renew fuch decrees and difmifles, and to award and iflue fuch execution againft the body or goods of the party, with fuch powers of adminiflering oaths to witneffes and others, and luch powers for trying any controverted fad by jury, and under fuch regulations, provifions, directions and remedies, for the enforcing the appearance of parties and witneffes, and for punifhing witneffes give fidfe teftimony, and fheriffa and other officers negleding their duty in the execution of the premifes, and in all refpeds to exercife fuch jurifdidion and powers concerning tfc|e Said Engliffi bill as the judges pf aflize are impowered to exercife in their refpedive circuits, by virtue of an ad of parliament made in the fecond year of his late Majefty King George the firft, entitled, An aft for reviving and amending an aft, entitled. An aft for recovery of fmall debts in a fummdry way before the judges of qffixe ; as the fame now ftands explained, extended, and amended by gn ad paffed in the eighth year of his faid late Majefty, entitled, An aft for the further amendment of the law, and for continuing and amending feveral afts near expiring ; and by another ad parted in the firit year of his late Majefty King George the fecond, entitled. An aft for.explaining and amend• ing an aft, entitled, An aft for reviving an aft, entitled, An aft for recovery of fmall dt.lts in a fummary way before the judges of affixe ; and by ah ad parted in the tfvrty-firfl year of his prefent Majefty's reign, entitled. An aft for the preventing of frauds in the execution of decrees obtained upon civil falls, or by virtue of any other ad of parliament now of force in this kingdom, fubjed tfeverthelefs to the feveral provifions, reftridions and ^pahfications in this prefent ad exprelfed and, contained.	*..............*

VII.	Pt*

- i

Digitized by booQle

3i«

The	thirtyJtxlb Year of George III.

A. D.

«796-Chap. 25.

Provifo as to title to lands.

Caufeof action not to be divided, 6c c.

Provifo if fum does not exceed jurifdi&ion of this a<5t. t

Grand juries may prefent as herein.

VII.	Provided always, Tliat the title tq land; be not drawn into queftion in any fuch proceedings, and that the defendant (hull have the benefit of all matters in his defence that he might have had, if he had been fued in the ordinary forms of the common law, or in any court of equity.

VIII.	Provided always, That no caufe of aciion Hill fub-filling, and in the wliole amounting to a fum beyond (uch fum as is made according to the nature of the cafe recoverable by force of this aft, (ball be fplit or divided, fo as to be made the ground of two or more different a&ions, in order to bring fuch cafes within the jurifdiftion created by this aft ; but if any of the faid afliftant barrifters (hall find that the plaintiff in fuch caufe (hall have fplit his caufe of action as aforefaid, he (hall difinifs the faid aftions with the ordinary cofls of a difmifs, without prejudice however to the plaintiff’s proceeding to fue upon fuch caufe of aftion in fuch other court, and in fuch other manner as he lawfully may.

IX.	Provided alfo, That if fuch plaintiff (hall- be fatisfied to recover fuch fum as according to the nature of the cafe, the jarifdiftion hereby created is made to extend to, in full of the whole of fuch his demand, then fuch afliftant bar-rifter (hail and may, if fuch plaintiff (hall fdthifactoriiy prove his cafe, make and pronounce one decree for fuch plaintiff, for fuch fum as (hall in fuch cafe be demartded by the pro-cefs, fo as fuch fum do not exceed the jurifdiction created by this act, and the fame (hall be expreffed in fuch decree to be, and (hall be iu full difeharge of the whole of fuch demand.

X.	And whereas there may be certain counties where there are not fefiion-houfcs in diftereut towns of the faid counties, or where the fe(lion-houfe6 have been neglected and are now out of repair, fo as that w'hen foch countiei may be divided in manner aforefaid, for thepurpofe of hearing and determining caufes, in a fummary way, as afore-faid, it may be Decenary that a feflion-houfe (ball be built of repaired in one or more towns for holding the fcffionsof the peace, and alfo for holding fuch court for hearing and determining caufes in a fummary way ; be it therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the time that each county (hall by force of this act be divided into two divifions, for the purpofe of hearing and determining caufes as aforefaid, the grand juries at the allizes of the re-foective counties fo divided, are hereby authorized to pre-(ent a competent fum of money, to be railed oft' the county at large, to build, repair, or procure a feflion-houfe in f.ich towns of fuch divifions refpectively, as (hall by force of this act be nomiuated and appointed as afprefaid, to be the towns

where

Digitized by LjOOQle

*Thc thirty fixth Tear of George III.

wit ere fuch caufes (hall be heard and determined in a luminary way*, and in which towns there (hall not happen to be a icfiion-houfe at the time of fuch divifion of the county being made, and from time to time to prefent fuch fums to be railed in like manner as may be neceflary to keep the fame in repair; provided that fuch plan and ellimate be laid bcfoie fuch grand jury, and fuch proceedings had therein tis is by law now neceffary to enable them to build or repair & feffion-houfe.

XL And be it enafted, That untjl fuch fefRon-houfe 3oLperaan. fltall be built or procured, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch to be presented afliltant barrifter, and any two other juilices of the peace for temporary for fuch county, to hire and take fome building in fuch fcffiouhoufc,&t. town, from year to year, at fuch rent as the fame may be reafonably procured for, not exceeding the fum of thirty pounds anuually, and to fit up die fame in a temporary tnanner, at as fmall expenee as may be fufficient for the purpofe; and that it fhall and may be lawful to and for the grand jury of fuch counties at each affizes, and they are hereby required to prefent fuch fum of money a9 fhall be due for fuch rent, and for the expences of fuch temporary fit-ting up, the fame being firft afeertained upon oath taken before two magiftrates of the county, or the judges of affize, or one of them.

XII.	And provided always, That no defendant (hall be Defendant not liable to be fued or proceeded againft by authority of this obliged to ap-fcft, or obliged to appear in any caufe to be heard and de- pear, 5cc. unleft termined in a fumtnary way by torce of this aft, at any fef- aahereiu.

fion or adjournment thereof, to be held out of the divifion in which he lives with his family, or ufually refides, unlefs ' there (hall be more than one defendant in fuch caufe, in which cafe, the plaintiff (hall be at liberty to bring his aftion in fuch divifion of the county where any one of the defendants (hall fo live or relide.

XIII.	And be it enafted, That all witne(Tes may be Witneffesmay compelled by procefs ad tejlificandumy to be figned by the be compelled to clerk of the peace of the county in which any couit fhall be E‘vc evidence, held by virtue of this aft, in like manner as they are now fiic* compellable by the feveral afts of parliament aforefaid, or

any of them, to attend and give evidence on the trial of any civil bill in any divifion of the county where fuch caufe fhall be heard, whether fuch witnefTes (hall relide in the fame divifion of fuch county where fuch caufe (hall be heard and determined or not; provided however, that no witnefs fhall be compellable to attend to give evidence out of the county in which he (hall rtfide.

XIV.	Provided alfo, That nothing in this aft contained Not to inter-Ihall extend to enable fuch aiftftatit bartiflera to hear or de- fere with judges

termine °f in civil bill, flee.

Digitized by V^OOQle



The thirtyfixth Teat of George Tlli

A. D:	termine	any	adion	brought	for	the	recovery	of	any	penalty

l796;	given or impofed by any ftatute now in force in this king-

Chap. 25.	aom, and which the judges of aflize are empowered by any

ftatute now in force to hear and determine by civil bill, but that the judges of aflize fhall continue to have and exercife* fuch juriiai&xon in fuch caufes as they lawfully may do, ot might have done if this ad had not been enaded ; fave and except that jt fhall and may be lawful for fuch afliftant barJ rifters refpedivcdy, to make fuch decree again ft any witnefi rcliding within the county wherein he fhall hear fuch caufo* in a iummary way, as aforefaid, duly fummoned to attend and give evidence in any fuch caufe, to, be heard as aforefaid before fuch afliftant barrifter, in like manner as the faid judges of aflize are now em]>owered to do; and (ave and except that A ftiall and may be lawful for fuch af-fiftant barrifters to hear and determine a&ions brought aeainft fherifts, within their nefpedive counties, for the double value of all fums depofitea with them upon any appeal, as hereafter mentioned, which fuch fheriff fhall negled or refufe to pay over to the party entitled, in like manner as the judges of aflize are now empowered to hear and determine fuch caufes, and to make 2 decree fot fuch doable

value-	.

Anneals tobe	Provided alfo, That nothing herein contained (hall

determined by mable fuch afliftant barrifters to hear ajid determine on any judges of aflize. appeal from apy manor court, within this kingdom, but that fuch appeals fhall continue to be beard and determined by the judges cf aflize on their refpedive circuits, in fuch man-> ner as if this ad had not been enaded.

XVI.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore-’ Peifonsgtiflty faid, That the court held by the faid afliftant barrifters, and niffed^j^crcin CTC,T them, for hearing smd determining the faid caufes in a fummary way, by Englifli bill or paper petition as afore-faid, fhall be a court of record ; and in cafe any perfoawho fhall be examined upon oath, or if a quaker on affirmation^ by any fuch afliftant barrifter, by virtue of this ad, (ball Commit wilful perjury or falfely affirm, and be thereof duly coavided according to law, or (hall commit wilful and corrupt perjury, in falfely fwearing dr affirming in any affidavit or affirmation by this ad required to be made, before any afliftant barrifter, and be thereof duly convided according to law, fuch perfon (hall b£ fet in the pillory for one hour/ and fuffer fuch imprisonment, not exceeding twelve months/ as the court before whom he fhall be convided (hall di-*ed.

Afliftant bar- XVII. And be it further enaded, That the faid afliftant rifters foie and barrifters fhall refpedively be the foie and exclufive judges exclufivcjudgcs, fa fuch courts, for hearing and determining the laid Caufy

Digitized by

Google

fie thirty Jlxth Tear of dcorgt iff.



In a fummary way, by Englifh bill or paper petition as	A. Dw

hforefaid, in like manner as the chairman of the county of	,1796.

JJublin now is; aitd that thtf court of feflions or any ad- Chap. journment thereof, may lawfully fit in the county of Dublin,	]

and in the feveral other counties at large in, this kingdom,

(ind be a full and competent court to hear and determine on, fcnd dt> alt rhaliner of bufinefs whatfoever, as well criminal as civil, which can or may lawfully be done at any feffion of % the p^ace* when the faid chairman or afliftant barriftcr (hall he prefent, although thfc faid chairman or affiftant barriftef fhould happen tube the Only juftice then arid there prefent 5 provided however that fucli afliftant barrifters (hall not (except in hearing caufes on civil bills) ad alone until after twelve o’clock at noon, and that nothing herein contained (hall be deefhed or taken in any manner to hinder or prevent Sill or any other of the juftices of the peace for fuch counties Tefpedtively, from a&ing at fuch feflions or adjournments, in fuch manner as they lawfully might if this ad had not been made.

XVlII. And be it further enaded by the authority afore- . , faid. That the acting clerks of (he peace for the faid feveral to ^ as°dcrU* Counties refpedively, or their fufficient deputies in the faid to afliftant bar-office, (hall be, and (hall ad Us clerks to the faid afliftant rifters, 6cc. m bavriftefs respectively, in the execution of the duty impofed herein, on them by this ad, and as regift tr refpedively or the faid Court for hearing and determining caufes in a fummary way, by Englifh bill or paper petition, as aforefaid, and (hall be obedient to the faid afllllant barrifters refpedively, in all lawful commands which they (h:»ll refpedively receive fiom the faid afliftant batiiftcrs relative to the bufinefs of the (aid court, and the duty impofed by this ad on the fa! > afliftant barrifters and clerk of the peace refpedively ; and that the clerks of the pea<?e refpedively (hall keep a book for the entering and rendering of fuch caufes, and (hall enter and regifter the fame, and fuch book (hall be a record of the refp» dive county to which it (hall belong ; and that no acting clei k of the peatfc, or any deputy or clerk of his, or any pe fun for his uf? and benefit, (ball ad as an attorney in any* c l ife which fuch afliftant barrifters are by this ad empowered to hear and determine ; and if he, they, or any of them (ball T>ad as an attorney in any fuch caufe, by himfelf or any Other for his ufe or benefit, he (hall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds, to any perfon who (hall, within one year after fuch offence committed, fue for the fame by adi<>n of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his (Viajefty’s courts of fecord in Dublin, and (hall, moreover, in cafe of judgment being had againft him, be incapable of ever holding fuch %&cc of clerfc of the peace, or deputy clerk of the peace,

at

Digitized by ^ ooQle

The thirty ftxth Tear of George III.

Times of commencement of ftflions.

Councel employed at ex-pence of party, &c.

Proceft ntuft be in form of fcheduie A.

How procef* tobcl'ctved,

no decree unlefs oath made as herein.

?s the cafe may be; and that as a rec^mpeace For the labour and trouble impofed on the faid clerks of the peace refpec-tively, by this ad, they, the faid cleiks of the peace, fhaU refpedively have and leceive the feveral .fees herein after mentioned, and fhall not prefumc to take any other or grater fees for the fame, or for any bufinefs, act, or trouble irojwfcd upon them by this act.

XIX.	And be it further enacted by the authority afore* faid, That the feflion of the peace, or adjournment thereof, at which fuch caufes (hall be heard and determined by the faid afiidant barriders, (hall commence and be held in the week after Saint Michael, the firfl week after the Epiphany, the firll week after the clofe of Eafter, and the fiHl week after Saint Thomas the martyr, and at four other times, e3ch of fuch four times to be, as near as may be, fix weeks from the time when the next preceding feffioo wa field.

XX.	And be it further enacted by the authority afqrdaid, That no party, plaintiffor defendant, m any caufe to be heard and determined by the faid afiidant barriders in manner afore-faid, (hall be taxed or allowed to recover againft his adverfary in fuch caufe, any fee or fum of money for the attendance or fervice of any Counfel in the fitid caufe, but that each party in all fuch caufes fhall be at liberty according to their own diferetion, to employ counfel at their own expence, or to have their caufes refpc&ively heard and determined without the afiidance of any counfel

XXL And be it further ena&cd. That indead of the pro-cefs ufually ferved upon the defendant in caufes tried at the ?dfizes, |n a fummary way by Euglilh-bill, or paper petition, the procefs that lb all be ufed to give notice to the defendant to appear before the afiidant barriders refpefrively, fhall be in the form fet out in the fcheduie (A ) to this ad annexed, or as near thereto as the nature of the cafe will permit, always preferving the fubitance of the fame, which faid fchc-dule is heteby declared to be a part of this a

XXIL And be it enafted, That fuch procefs fhall he ferved on the defendant, or on fuch perfon of hi9 family or ,houfc where he fhall then refide, and in fuch manner, and at fuch dillance of time before the day on which the defendant £hall thereby be required to appear, (according to the amount of the fum fought to be recovered, as is now Required by any law now iiuforce,, relative to fuch proceeding, before the judges of afliz.e upon their refpedlive circuits, arid that no decree fhall be made by the faid afliilant barriders, or any of them, in any caufe, unlefs the procefs to fuch caufe, (hall, by the oath of one or rmre witneiTes, examined on oath in open ,court before the faid afiidant birriitcr, be fatisfa&orilypvo?-2	cd



Digitized by v^ooQle

The thirtyftxth Tear of George III.

ed to have been duly ferved, and unlefs it (hall be id lik* manner proved, that the houfe in which the defendant, or in cafe of more than tine defendant, then that the houfe in \vhi9h one of the defendants fhall at the time of fuch fef* vice have ufually relided, is fituate within fuch divifion of the countv, as the faid court at which the faid defendant* or the faid defendants ihall be required to appear, fhall then fit in and for.

XXIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That it fhall not be neeeffafy that any fuch nrocefs to give notice to a defendant

to appear before fuch affiftant bamfter, fhall be figned by °Ut P™1#®* any attorney* Or by the clerk of the peace, or by fuch affift-ant bamfter; or any other officer, but it fhall be fiifficient if . the fame be figned by any one or more of the plaintiffs therein mentioned, or by any other perfon on behalf of the faid plaintiff or plaintiffs.

XXIV. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-	Ticeree ar dlf.

faid. That every decree or difmifs made in fuch courts as mils tp be in aftirefaid, and figned by the faid affiftant barrifters refpe&ive-	tJat

ly, fhall be in the form fet out in the fchcdule to this a& khcdule, annexed, or as near thereto as the nature of the cafe will

permit, always preferving the fubftance of the fame, and every fuch decree and difmifs, fhall be in full force and etfe& for	1

tine year, from the date thereof, and that the fame, if not before executed, may be renewed from time to time, when the faid year fhall have expired, in fuch irianner however, as that not lefs thair a year fhall intervene between the different times of renewing the fame.

XXV* Provided always, That no fuch decree fhall be at _ any time renewed, until the plaintiff in fuch decree, or one of oewrd^tiS°alEt’i the plaintiffs, if there be more than one, or in cafe of the death davit in form of a foie plaintiff, then his or her perfonal reprefentatives, or of that in fche* one of them, and in cafe of more than one plaintiff, the fur- duls viving plaintiff, or one of the reprefentatives of a deceafed plaintiff, * fhall have made affidavit, or an affirmation, in cafe fuch perfon fhall be a quakcr, before the faid affiftant bar-rifter, for the county in which fuch decree was made, or pro* nounced in open court, held as aforefaid for fuch divifion, which affidavit or affirmation fhall be in the form fet out it* thefchedule (D) hereunto annexed, or as near thereto as the •nature of the cale will permit, always preferving the fubftance of the fame, and fhall ftate the names of the parties in the original caufe, the fum for which fuch decree was made, and the fum then remaining due or unpaid to the plaintiff or plaintiffs, or their perfonal reprefentatives, upon the foot of the faid decree, after all allowances 5 provided that if the perfon pr0Yjf0 , fwearing fuch affidavit, or making fuch affirmation, was to reprefenta* a party in the original caufe, as perfonal representative to tives, &c.

Vox. X.	X	Some

Procefs need



3**

A. D.

‘796- -Chap. i$.

Difmifc not renewed till affidavit made lie.

Decree or

ditto if* not to bt renewed il'u r fix yeais made,

The thirty ft xth Tear of George III#

#

Tome other perfon, or if fuch perfon fo fwearing or affirm-ing, (hall Tcek to renew any decree or difmifs as executor or adminiflrator of one of the parties in the original caufe, it (hall be fufficient for fuch perfon to fwear or affirm that fuch fum Rill remains due, after all juft allowances, as he or fhe re-rily believes.

XXVI.	Provided alfo, That no fuch difmifs (hall be at any time renewed* until the defendant who (hall have obtained the time, or one of the defendants, if there fhall be more than one defendant, or in cafe of the death of a foie defendant, then his or her pcrfonal representatives, or one of them, and in cafe of more than one defendant, the furviving defendant, or one of the representatives of a deceafed defendant, fhall have made affidavit, or an affirmation, if fuch perfon fhall be a quaker, in like manner and form, mutath ntutcm<&y as is herein before provided in the cafe of renewing a decree, which affidavit fo fwom, or affirmation made and Signed by, and with the name or mark of the perfon fo fwearing or affirming it, as well where the party fhall Seek to renew a decree as a difmifs, fhall be written or printed on the fame piece of paper with the renewal of the Said decree or difmifs filled and prepared for the faid affiftant barriftcr to Sign, and when fuch affidavit or affirmation fhall have been fworn or affirmed, the faid affillant barrifter fhall Sign his name thereto, teflifpng that the fame was fworn before him in open court, anti the faid affiftant barrifter fhall and may then renew fuch decree or difmifs (by Signing fuch renewal) for the whole original fum and cofts, if the whole fhall he due, or for fuch fnm as fhall be fworn or affirmed to remain due, as the cafe fhall happen, together with the cofts of fuch renewal; and thereupon the faid affidavit or affirmation fhall be fcjxirated from the faid renewal, and fhall be delivered to the a&ing clerk of the peace for the rtfpe&ive county or his deputy, and fhalTby him be kept among the records of the county.

XXVII.	Provided always, That no decree or difmifs, to ‘ he made or pronounced by any of the faid affiftant banidcrs, ' fhall be renewed at any time after fix years from the time of

the making or pronouncing the fame, but fuch debts and coftfi (hall, after fix years from the making of the original dcci te or difmifs, and the expiration of the laft renewal obtained by force of this a&, be prefumed to have been levied or paid ; and fuch decree or difmifa, or renewal thereof, lhall * not be revived or kept in force by any parole evidence ofpro-mife to pay the fame, or any part thereof, or by aity evidence of a part payment thereof 5 provided neverthelefc, that if the defendant or 'defendants fhall execute any new fecontv

Is

Ik.

Digitized by	?Le

The thirty frxth Tear of George III.

in writing for fuch debt or cofts, fuch new fecurity (hall be of full force and effect in law.

XXVIII.	Provided alfo, That all decrees and difmiffes which (hall have been made or pronounced by the judges of aflize, or any of them, before the iirft day of June, one Decrees, &c. thoufand feven hundred and ninety-fix, may be renewed as Prcviou* herein mentioned, although the original decree or .difmifs newed^^crein fhall have been made more than fix years before fuch renewal

required.

XXIX.	Provided alfo, and be it enabled by the authority^ Appeal to aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any per- jUfjgel .°* a^lzc> fon or perfons who fhall think him, her, or themfelves aggriev- 28 hcrcMl*

ed by any decree or difmifs made, or pronounced by any fuch aififtant barrifters as aforefaid, to appeal therefrom to the judges of afiize for the refpedlive county where fuch decree or difmifs (hah have been made or pronounced, at the aflizes next after fuch decree or difmifs (hall have been fo made or pronounced, and not after fuch next affizes; and fuch judges of afilze, or one of them, are, and is hereby impowered and required to re-hear the faid caufe, in the fame manner as they are at prefent impowered and directed to do in cafe of appeals from the decrees made by the judges of affize in fuch cafes, and to i(fue a decree and execution thereon, in like manner as decrees and executions are by the faid judges awarded and iffued upon the hearing of civil bills, and with the like cods, afid the like fees, which appeal the faid af-fiftant barrifters are heieby required to receive, and (top all proceedings on the decree or difmifs pronounced, the party appealing if a defendant, firft paying the plaintiff the coft allowed by this adl, or depofiting the fame with the adding clerk of the peace, and entering before the faid aififtant barrifter into a recognizance of double the fum decreed, with fufficient bail to pay the fum decreed againft him with cofts, in cafe no relief (hall be had upon the hearing of fuch appeal ; and in cafe the party appealing be a plaintiff, then paying the defendant, or depofiting with the adting clerk of the peace the cofts allowed by this a&, and entering before the aififtant barrifter into a recognizance in the fum of forty (hillings, conditioned to pay fuch cofts as fhall be awarded againft him on fuch appeal, if the fame fhall be determined againft him.

XXX.	And provided alfo, That any perfon who fhall think if apprar-himfelf aggrieved by fuch decree of fuch aififtant barrifter, ance by actor-and who did* not appear by attorney at the hearing of the ney not nia<^c» caufe, and fhall not have entered into fuch recognizance as crcetf* &c^dc-" aforefaid, may depofite the money decreed againft him, and pcfitt-’d with the coft thereof in the hands of the fheriff, and enter into a (hcrifF, ashere-bond of five pounds to the adverlc party, with condition to in«

X 4	perform

3*3 A. D.

1796. Chap. 25.

t

Digitized by Google

J*4	The	thirly-Jlxib	Tcafo/Qcotge III.	I

|>€rform and abide the decree of the next coming judge <ff judges of aflize for fueh county, and on his fo doing, the faid fheriff (hall Hop and forbear further proceedings on the find decree until the next affixes, and give she party appealing a certificate, that fucb party has appealed and madefudi depofite with the faid (herin * and the party appealing, (hall give notioe to the other party in the caufe fix days at theleiR before the then next aflizes, that he has made fuch depo-fite with the flieriff, and intends to appeal to the next going judges of aflize, if there (hall be fumcient time to give fuch notice after fuch depofite fo made, and if there ftiafl not k Sufficient time to give fix days notice thereof, then the fiid party fo making fuch depofite with the fheriff, tfiall give as long notice of luch his depofite made, and intent to appeal* as he reafonably can, on the reafonabienefs of which notice the faid judge or judges of aflize (hall determine f and if be or they (hall think the fame, on the circtamftances of the cafe, inefficient, he or they (hall difmifs the faid appal, and affirm the faid decree or difmifs, without requiring the party who obtained the fame to prove his cafe, if he u unprepared fo to do.

XXXI Provided alfo, That no affiftant barrifter (hill ie-cfefve any appeal from any decree or difmifs by him made or tendon of de-	pronounced, unlefs the attorney who appeared at the hew-

jay i	mg of the catrie in which the fame waB made or pronounce^

for the party (fe firing to appeal, if any fuch attorney did - appear, (hall firft: make affidavit in’ Writing, before fueh amilant barrifter, that futh appeal is not, ad he befcws, made or to be made for the purpose of delay, but that he believes that there is probable caufe of reverting the decree or difmifs made in the faid caufe, which affidavit fo made, (hall be kept among the record- of the coUntyr by the re* it appear mcr	fpcCtive clerks of the peace \ and in cafe the party intending

not made, &c.	to appeal*- (hall not have appeared by attorney at the bear-

depofite not re-	jng 0f caufe, ard (hall not have entered into fuch resbg-

iffidavi^a*	nizance as aforefaid, but fhkll offer to drp*»fite tht fnm de-

herein*	- creed agairtft him in the hands of the fheriff, the fame (half

not be received by the (heriff, nof the proceedings therein (topped, unlefs the party appealing (hall produce to the (he-riff, and dep >fite with him an affidavit made by fuch party, before fome juftice of peace of the rcfpe&ive county, to the fame effedt, and of the fame fubftance as herein before required to be made before fuch affiftant barrifter, in cafe of am anpctil lodged before him ; which faid affidavits the Several juftices of the peace are hereby empowered to take* in am1 for their relpt&ive counties, and fuch fheriff is hereby inquired to tnmfnut luch affidavit to the clerk of the peace



Attorney

Digitized by v^ooQle

^hetiyiyJlMUhYtarofQtSft^l\\.

of the refpe&iye counties, to be by him kept among the records of the court.

XXXn. And b.e ft ffertfier enaQed, That fuch decrees *nddifmifTe$ as (hail be made and pronounce^ by fuch affiant barrjfters refpe&ively, fhall> in cafe {here fhall be nQ appeal therefrom to the next going judge or judges.of af- decree*and ii?e, be abfolufely final to all intents and purpofes, and fhall ^ . es tma , not be fubje<^ tQ be removed by any writ of error* or other-wife, to any other of his Maje^y's epurts, or capable of her f ng reverfed ; and that in cafe of aq appeal from any fuch /decree orkdifnri£s to the next going judge or judges of affize; the order or decree of fqch judge or judges, mall, in like jnanner, he absolutely final to all intends and purpofes, a#*d fhall not be remoyed tp any of his Majefty’s courts, by yvrit of error, or otbenvife, and fh4! not be capable of being reverfed.	\

XXXIII. And be it ena&ed by the authority afore- Fee« appoint# faid, That the feyeral fees and furns following, and no more ed by thit a&. pr greater fums, fhajl be paid or taken from any perfon filing or being fned in the laid courts, before the chairman pf the county of Dublin, or before fuch affiftant bamf-ters th^n herein affer is limited pnd appointed, that is tQ fay:

To the faid chairman or affiftant barrifter for figping every decree or difmifs Tfo the mid chairman or affiftant barrifters for every affidavit (worn before them, refpe&ively^ in purfuance of fyid a&

To the faid chairman or affifbuit barrifters for^ every recognizance an4 bail taken on an appeal	-

To the fasd chairman or affiftant barrifter for fighing every renewal To the clerk of the peace for entering the ca'ufe To {he clerk of tl\e peace for figning every der cree or d\fmifs	-	-

To the clerk of the peace fpr figning and enters ing every renewal	-	-

To the clerk of the peace for the recognizee of bail; and certificate of appeal lodged To the plaintiff’s attorney for drawing or filling the procefs, if required fo to do -	#

<fo the pbuntifPs attorney fpr- entering the caufe with the clerk of the peace the plaintiff’s attorney for attending the fieju-ieg:

o I

Oi

o



H

H

3

004. o o 6 •

O Q

o o 6| cv I 7$

To

Digitized by V^OOQie

The thirty fixth Tear of George III.

326

A. D.	£. s. i.

1796. To the defendant’s attorney for attending the Chap. 25. hearing	-	-	-	o I 7J

To the plaintiff’s attorney for drawing up a decree	-	-	-	Oil

To the defendant’s attorney for drawing up a

difmifs	-	-	-	oil

To the attorney for drawing or filling every renewal, and drawing or filling up the affidavit to obtain fuch renewal	-	-	•	o' o 61

To the fheriff of the refpeftive county fix pence for every pound contained in any execution again ft the body of the party, where fuch party (hall be taken in execution	-	006

As alfo fix pence in every pound which fhall be levied by the fheriff, fub-fheriff, or any of his or their bailiffs, and not by any fpecial bailiff named at the peril of the party at whofe fuit fuch execution is granted, to be ictained by the fheriff out of the money fo levied, and not to be demanded before the execution fhall be executed.

To the fheriff for every fpecial warrant granted at the peril of the party requiring the fame,

1	the	fum of one (hilling	-	o t o

To the fheriff for returning a jury	-	o 1 o

To the clerk of the peace for entering a ver-

dift	-	-	-	o o .6

Clerk of	XXXIV.	And	be	it	envied, That if any clerk of the

^any&ereater Peacc» or deputy, fheriff, fub-fheriff, or attorney, fhall fie, forfeit 50I. ta^e an7 greater or other fee or fum of money, or other toanyperfon thing, for or on account of any matter or thing relating* &c. ing to the execution of their refpeftive duties in any fuch caufe, which fhall by force of this aft come on to be heard and determined before fuch afliflant barrifters in a fummary way, as aforefaid, fuch fheriff, fub-fheriff, clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or fuch attorney, fo wilfully offending, fhall refpeftively forfeit the fum of fifty pounds to any perfon who fhall fue for the fame, fuch fum of fifty pounds to be recovered by aftionof debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of his Majefty’s courts of record in Dublin j and in cafe 01 judgment for plaintiff in fuch aftion or proceeding, fuch , fheriff, fub-fheriff, clerk of the peace, or his deputy, as the cafe may be, or attorney fo refpeftively offending, (hall alfo be incapable of ever having or holding the refpeftive offices of a fheriff, fub-fheriff, clerk of the peace, or deputy clerk of the peace, or attorney.

XXXV.

Digitized by

The thirtyfixth Tear of George IIL

XXXV.	And be it further ena&ed, That at every felHons of the peace, or adjournment thereof, where fuch caufes as aForefaid, fhall be heard and determined before fuch afliftant-barrifter, fuch afliftant-barrifter fhall adminifter an oath Upon the holy evangelills to the. clerk of the peace for the refpedlive county, or the deputy clerk of the peace, if he fhall attend in his place, and to every attorney who fhall

pvach'fe before fuch aflillant-barrifter at fuch feflions in fuch to takcVeater caufes, by which fuch clerks of the peace, or deputy, and fee than'allowed fuch attornies refpedb’vely fhall fwear that they have not by this adt. already dire&ly or iudireftly taken, and will not dire&ly or indirectly take any greater or other fee, or fum or fums of money, or other thing, for or on account of aqy matter or thing done, or to be done in any caufe to be heard and determined before fuch afliftant-barrifter at fuch feflion or adjournment, by civil-bill, than is allowed by an a£l of parliament made in. this kingdom in the thirty-fixth year of hia Majcfty king George the third. \	f	-

XXXVI.	And be it enabled, That fuch afliftant-barrifter pe£c7£c.°, fhall at each feflion or adjournment thereof, where fuch caufes fVorn in open are to be heard, immediately before he fhall proceed to ciwrt.

hear and determine any fuch caufe, adminifter fuch oath publickly in open court to the refpedtive clerk of the peace,' or his deputy attending in his place, and every attorney who fhall then appear in faid court, with intent to pra&ifc therein, and that no attorney who fhall happen to be abfent whftii fuch oath is fo adminiflered to the cltsk of the peace, or his deputy, fhall be permitted to pradtife, or in any manner interfere in the bulinefs of fuch couit, at fuch .feflion or adjournment, in any fuch caufe, until be fhall firft publickly and in open court have taken fuch oath.	*

XXXVIT. And be it further enadled, That it fhall and In what cafe* may be lawful for the afliftant-barritier, if any attorney, afliftantlbarrif-pradtifing in caufes by civil bill, fhall appear to him, either ter* mayfuf-upon fuch afliftant bamftcr’s own view in open court, or by examination of others upon oath, to have adled in any fuch on bills, * caufe corruptly, conteraptuoufly, or in any refpedl knowing- as herein, ly and wilfully again ft his duty a9 an attorney, to make an order, to remain of record with the clerk of the peace, either fufpending fuch attorneyfjom pra&ifing on civil bills for a given time, or prohibiting fuch attorney for ever from prac-tifing on civil bills in fuch county, which order fhall be binding ; provided neverthelefs, that if it fhall be lawful for a^y at- * torney, againll whom fuch order fhall be made, to appeal to the judges of aflize, at the aflizes to be liolden next after fuch order made, which judge* may, by examination on oath, ex-l	amine

Afliftant bar-

Digitized by

Forms of pincettes, decrees, difmittes, Arc. for which po more fhall be taken than the fiuns thereon charged for fUmp duty,

AC. ■

Piftrihufor* or others taking more man ft amp duty, See, forfeit jl. as JlCfcin.

Tit tHriy-Jixth Tear of George III.

amine into the ground of fuch order, and reverfe or varpfhc lame as they (hall fee reafon.

XXXVIII. And be 5t enafted, That a printed form of e?ery procefs, decree, difmifs, and rentwal and recognizance, and of the affidavit hereby required to be made for the pur-pofe of obtaining ftlch renewal, and of the affidavit hereby required to be made on lodging an appeal, (hall be ittuea from the office of the commiffioners of his Majefty’s Ramp duties, with fuch ftamp as (hall by law be required to be xmpofed thereon, to the feveral diftributors of ftanipe within {his kingdom ; and that no diflribqtor of ft amps or other perfon (nail, under dny pretence,’ aft, demand, receive, or take for any one printed Vorpi of fuch procefs, or decree, of difmifs, or renewal, or recognizance, together witn the fomi of the affidavit for the purpofe 'of obtaining the renewal annexed thereto,' and the form of the affidavit required to be made oh an appeal annexed tok the faid recognizance, from any perfon whatfoever, any greater fum of money than the fum. which (hall thereon be chargeable or charged to his Majcfty, as and for the ftamp duty on fuch printed form, and fo in proportion for a greater number of fuch printed forms; and that it (hall and 'may be lawful for the faid affiftant barrifters refpeftively, to award upon every decree, flifmifs or renewal, the feveral fums'for which luch procefs, decree, difmifs and iendwal (hall, by an aft of parliament In this kingdom, \>c required to be marked pnd damped for, by the commiffioners or other officers for collefting his Majefty’s ftamp duties, in addition to the fees herein before refpeftively appointed, and as part of the coftof fuch pro-cceding.	'	*

XXaIX- And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That if any diftributor of (lamps, or other perfoi whatfoever, fhall, by himfelf or any other, fpr his or their ufe or profit, a(k, demand, receive, or take any greater fum of money, or cither thing, for1 any ode printed form of fuch procefs, or decree, or difmifs, or renewal,'together with the form of affidavit for obtaining a renewal or recognizance, together with the form of affidavit hereby required to fcef made on an appeal,1 than the fum which (haft thcredp bo chargeable or charged to hi* Majefly, as and for the ftamp fluty on fuch printed form, and fo in proportion for a greater number of fuch printed forms, fuch perfon fo a/king, demanding, receiving or taking, or the pttfon for whole ufe and benefit ftich greater fum-of money of other thing (hall be afked, demanded, received, or taken by the authonty of, or confent, direftion, oY approbation of • fuch perfon, for’ whofe ufe or: benefit the fame fhall be afked, demanded, re* Caved or taken, fhall forfeit and pay to* the perfon injured,

•	- • • < <	—	•	•	;	.	i	the

Digitized by v^ooQle

The thirtyfixth X^or of George III.

the fum of five pounds, the fame4 to be recovered by civil bill at the feffions, to be brought wthin twelve months from the time of fuch? offence committed, fuch civil bill to be brought in the name of the party injured ; proyided that the plaintiff in fuch ciyil bill may, as his election, fue either the perfon who fhall have fo afked, demanded, received pr taker* fuch greater fum or other thing, or the perfon for whofe ufe or benefit fuch greater funi or other thing was, fo as afore-faid, afked, demanded, received or taken, but not both of them.

XL. And be it further emufted by the authority afore-faid, That no a (lift ant barrifter already appointed, by force of the ftatute before mentioned, or hereafter to be appointed, under and by force of the fame ftatute, or of this pre- O^h, Sic. ferit a 61, fhall proceed to hear and determine fuch caufes as afore fa id, until he fhall have firft taken the following oath before the lord high chancellor, or keeper or comoutuoners of the great feal of this kingdom, for the time being; which oath the faid chancellor, keeper, and commiffioners, are hereby empowered to adminifter, that is to fay,

Affiftant bat* riftere to take the following

/ A. B. do /wear, that I execute the office of affiftant Qsth.

barrifter at the feffions of peace for the county of	'	-

diligently, jvftly, and impartially, and, without favour, affix* tion, or malice, do equal rigjst to all the /ting’s fubjeds that fhall come within my jitHfdidionj and that IwiU in all things* to the beft of my Jkilt and power, faithfully and dihgently exe* cute the duty impofid on me by an aft paffed in the thirty fixth year of the reign of his MajtJly King George the thirds entitled, An ad for the better and more convenient admmiftration of juftzee, and for the recovery of fmall debts in a frnnntary •way, at the feffions of the peace tf the feveral counties at large within this kingdom, except the county of Dublin, and for cOnti* miing and amending an ad, entitled, An ad for the better execution of the law, and prefervation of the peace •tpiihin conn* ties at large.	'	•	'	*

So help me God.

XL I. And be it further evaded by the authority afore>-faid. That every fuch affiftant barrifter as aforefaid, already appointed by force p£ the faid aft, of the. twenty-feventn year of his prefent Majefty, or hereafter to be appointed by force of the Came, or of this prefent a6£, fhall nave and hold his fai,d office during his Majefty’s pleafure, and no longer.

XL 11. And whereas it may fometimes happen, that fuch affiftant barrifters may, by reafon of ficknefs or other ne-ccflary caufir of abfence, be unable to attend at the feffioh

•	•	  ;	of

Affiftant ban. riders to hold office during pleafure.

Digitized by Google

33®

The thirly-Jixih Tear of'George III.

A. IX

1796. Chap. 2J.

Lord chancellor, upon oath, that a fit ft ant barrifter* are unable to attend, may appoint others, Sic. a* herein.

Perfons appointed during itbfciice, fhali be paid as herein.

of the peace, or adjournment thereof, and to hold the {aid court for hearing and determining caufes in a furamary way, as aforefaid; be it therefore enaded, That when i: {hull appear to the lord high chancellor, keeper, or cora-miflio.iers of the great feal of this kingdom, for the time being, upon oath, that any of the faid aflidant banriftcn to be appointed by force of this ad, or any aflidant bar-rider already appointed, or to be appointed by virtue of the faid ad* of the twenty-feveirth year of his prefent MajcRy, is or are unable to attend at the time appointed for acy feflion of the peace in any county, or at any adjournment thereof, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the lord chancellor,^keeper, or commiflioners of the great feal for the lime being, to nominate or appoint fome other barrifter or fix years (landing at the lead, t8 do and execute the duty of fuch aflidant barrifter, as well in holding fuch court for 'hearing and determining fuch caufes in a fumniary way, as aforefaid, as alfo all other bufinefs, civil or criminal, which fuch aflidant barridcr is by this, or any other ad of parliament authorized and irapowered to do at any fcfiion of the peace or adjournment thereof, for fuch time as fuch iflncTs or neceflary caufe of abfence (hall continue; and fuch per-fon fo appointed (hall, upon taking the oath herein before required to be taken by fuch aflidant barriders refpe&imy, inutatis mutandis, either before fuch chancellor, keeper, or commiflioners, or publickly in open aourt at the feflioi:s of the peace, or adjournment thereof, on the firfl day on which he (hall attend at any feflion or adjournment thereof, to execute fuch duty, have all and every the powers and authorities given to fuch aflidant barriders by this and any other a£l or ads of parliament, and be authorized in every refped to do and execute, during the continuance of fuch abfence, and no longer, every matter and thing, which fuch aflidant barrifter might himfclf lawfully do, if perfo-nally prefent.

XLIII. And be it enaded, That fuch perfon fo appointed to do and execute fuch duty of fuch aflidant barrifter, during his illnefs, or other neceflary caufe of abfence, (hall receive and be p:\id fuch compensation for his labour and trouble therein, as the lord chancellor, keeper, or coramilt orers.of the great feal of this kingdom, for the time being, {hall think fit to dired and appoint, the fame to be paid by fuch aflidant barrider, or out of the falary and fees hereby provided for fuch aflidant barridcr, who mall re{pe£tivdy be abfent.

XLIV. And whereas it may happen, that fuch illnefs of fuch aflidant barridcr, may happen fo fuddenly, as that there may not be fufficicnt time to give notice thereof to

the

a

1	1*

9

L.

Digitized by

Google

The thirty fixtb Tear of George III.

the chancellor, keeper, or commiffioners of the great feal* and to have a perfon appointed to do the duty of the faid afliftant barrifter, in fuch court, for hearing and determining caufes in a fummary way, by the day at which fuch court ought to fit; be it enadled by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe of fuch illnefs of fuch afliftant barrifter, it (hail and may be lawful for any two juftices of the peace for the refpedlive county, to open and adjourn the faid court from time to time, and for fuch reafonable time as ftiall be fuffi-cient for fuch chancellor, keeper, or commiffioners, to be informed of fuch illnefs by affidavit, fworn before fome jufliceof fuch county, or oath before himfelf or themfelves, and to appoint fome perfon to do the faid duty, and for fuch perfon to repair to the place where fuch court ffiali be held, and' take upon himfelf the execution of fuch duty.

XLV. And be it enabled, That inftead of the certificate required by an a& palled in the thirty-firft year of his pre-fent Majefty, all fuch affiftant barriftets refpe&ively, (hall, twice in every year (that is to fay) on or before the firft fitting day of Eafter term; and on or before the firft fitting day of Michaelmas term, in every year, truly certify under their hands to the lord chancellor, keeper, or commiffioners of the great feal, for the time being, the time at which every feffion of the peace, and adjournment thereof for their refpe&ive counties was held, and how long the fame continued, and whether fuch afliftant barrifter was himfelf prefent for the whole of fuch feffion and adjournment, and if not, for what caufe he was abfent therefrom, and how long ; and that it fhall and may be lawful for the chancellor, keeper, or commiffioners of the great feal, for the time being, in cafe of any abfence of fuch afliftant barrifter, to order and dire£l any part of the falary of fuch afliftant barrifter, that he or they may think proper, to be flopped at his Majefty’s treafury, and to be paid to fuch' other per* fon, as fhall as aforefaid have been appointed to do, and (hall have done any part of the duty of fuch afliftant barrifter, or to direft that fuch part of fuch falary as he or they fhall think fit, fhall be altogether flopped, and notiflii-ed ; and the officers of his Majefty’a treafury are hereby directed to obey fuch order cr direClibn.

* XL.VI. And be it further enaCtcd by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful for every fuch afliftant barrifter appointed, or to be appointed as aforefaid, from time to time, as there fhall be occafion, of his foie authority, and at his diferetion, to fine the clerk of the peace, or his deputy, of all fuch counties refpedlively, and.all fheriffs of fuch counties, and counties of cities, aud counties of towns

refpec-

S31

A; D.

1796.

Chap. 25.

When illnefs happen^ fudden-ly, a juftices may adjourn the court, 8c c.

Inftead of certificates,afliftant barrifter fhall certify time of holding each feffion, and adjournment, 8c c» as herein. *

Afliftant bar-rifters may fine, &c. for breach of duty, 5I. as herein.

Digitized by

it*

Tie thirtyfxtb Teitr of Gtprge IJI.

refpc&ively, where fuch courts for deciding caufct in a fummarv way (hall be belch and all attornie* >Vbo fhafl it-fpe&iveiy be gpilty of any breach of duty in the execution of this ad. in any fpm not exceeding five pounds; aod of his foie authority, and yt his difcretion, to fine in any furo not exceeding forty (hillings, or at his difcretion ts commit to prion f$r any time not exceeding a fortnight* any perfon whaf(of ver, whp (hall difttjrb the coprt fo to bt held by him for the heanng and determining carafes in a fummary \yay? as afprefiud, or for any other contempt of the faid court,,

XL VI I. Aod be it further enaded. That from and after .	the	firft day of June, one thoufand feyen hundred and niafc

fhall not be lawfpl foy his Majcfty’s judges of lodges at amU. ^ Upon t^cjr	circuits,	to	hear	and	determine,

in a fummary way, by Englilh bill, or paper petition, asy caufe whatfoever, between party and party, fave fuch where, by the plaintiffs therein j-efpcaivdy (hall feck to ream*

Some penalty or forfeiture given, inflided or impofcd bi omc Itatute or (latutes now in force in this kingdom, anq which penalties or forfeitures arc, by fome fliatute or (btutef now in force in this kingdom, made recoverable by dd bill, or by fuch Englifh bill, or paper petition, before foch judges of a(fizc ; and {ave and except appeals from decrees and difmifles made or pronounced' or hereafter to be made and pronounced, in the feveral manor courts within this kingdom, and fayc and except all appeals which (hatt be brought from the decrees or difmifles \yhich (hall be made pr pronoun cd by the afisfiant barrifters herein before mca« tioned.

Wut carries

Mot to dk£t appeals made bcfcxe i(t of

Jtoe.

Decreet or fifinifletby judges. Ate. may be pronounced by afltfbnt har« tsilextas herein.

J^LVIIL Provided always. That nothing in this a$ (hafl, in any manner, affe& any appeal from any decree or difm^fs, which (half have been made or pronounced by any judge or judges of afliae upon their refpc&ive circuits, before the £rft day of June, one thouland fcvcnduHh dred and ninety-fix, but fuch appeals (hall be heard an^ determined by the judges of ajfftze upon their circuits re. (pe^ively, in fpeh pwyjpcf as if thiq a$ \&d never beeq made.

XLIX. And be it ena&ed, That all decrees or difaiflet made or pronounced in fuch paufes, by tfie feveral judges of affize, before the firft day of June, one thouland feven hundred and ninetyfix, ana whi^h (haU not happen to be appealed from, and ajl decreet made a^d pronounced upon every appeal brought from any decree or aifriuis, made or pronounced by the faid judges of aflize, or any of them, (hall and may, from time to time, be renewed by and her fore the levari affiftagt barriflers, re^edivdy appointed

‘ *	r	‘	'	-	amf

Digitized by LaOOQle

rfbe thirty -fixth- Teat »f George 111;

&ri<3 id fee appointed for the feveral counties refpe&ivcly, Within this kingdom, at fuch times, in the fame manner* and with the like toft,' and on paying the like fees, and Atone other, as are Herein before ena&ed, as to renewals of decrees and di/miffes, to fee irtade and pronounced, by and before fuch affiftant bafritlers, but without being limited to fix years, as herein before provided,, with refpeel to renewals of decrees or difmities, obtained before the faid affiftant fc^rrtfters.	,

ly Provided always,' That in the affidavit or affirmation <o be made, in order to obtain froth the faid affiftant barfs Iter refpe&ively, the firft renewal of every decree and dif-mifs, obtained before any jddge or judges of affize, it (ball be fworn^or affirmed, that the defendant in fuch caufe, or if there (hall be more than one defendant, then that one of the defendants refides in, or did, at the time of fuch decree or difmifs being pronounced by fuch judge or judges, refide in fuch cHvifion of fuch county refpe&ively, as fuch affiftant harriftcrs (half refpe&ivtly hold their courts for bearing and determining fuch caufes as a/orefaid in a fummSry way, in and for, when fuch renewal fhall be required from fuch affiftant barnfter ; and that all fubfe'querrt renewals of ffichr decrees and difmifTes, fhall be made and pronounced in fucbf Tefpe&ive divifions of fuch counties only.

LI. nd wherear as the law now ftands, the feveral judges of affize, upon their refpe&ive circuits, are empowered to hear and determine, and do hear and determine caufes between party and party, by Engliffi bill, or paper .petition, hi the like manner in th£ feveral counties of cities* and counties of LoWos within this kingdom, except the county of .the city of Dublin, as in the counties at large within this kingdom i And whereas it is expedient that the provifions hi tin’s a& contained, fhould be extended to fuch counties of cities, and counties of towns; be it therefore enadfed. That fuch affiftant barfifter appointed, ot to be appointed in ihanner aforefaief, for the county of Waterford, (hall, in like manner as afotefaid, hear and determine fuch caufe9 ini a fummary way, by Englifh bill or oaper petition, in andC for the county of the city of Waterford, in cafes where the . defendant, err one of the defendants in the caufe, fhall re-fhie within the coutaty of the faid city, twice in each year, that is to fay, at two feveral feffions of the peace for the county of Waterford, or adjournments thereof to be held at Waterford* and that the faid affiftant barrifter (hall, at the fame time hold fuch court as aforefaid* for the hearing of fuch caufes in a fumtnary way, for one divilion of the county of Waterford; and that the city of Waterford (hall be 4	deemed

In aifcdwit for obtaining lfl£ fencvral, muft be f« as herein.'



" * .

JudgesAf afv

fuc now try Engliih bills, aqd paper petitions, Ac, ar herein.

\

Digitized by

;y Google

/**

5J4

The thtrtj-fixth Tear of George III.

A.D.

1796.

Chap. 25.

Afliftant bar-rifter for to. of Cork, (hall try caufes as in Waterford.

The like in the city of Limerick.

The like in the city of Kilkenny.

deemed and taken, for the purpofes of this aft. only, as a town within one divifion of the county of Waterford.

LI I. And be it alfo enafted, That fuch afliftant barrifter appointed, or to be appointed in manner aforefaid, for the county of Cork, {hall, 111 like manner as aforefeid, hear and determine fuch cJaufes as aforefaid, in a fummary way, by Englifh bill or paper petition, in and for the county of the city of Cork, in cafes where the defendant, or one of the defendants in thexaufe (hall refide within the county of the fa id city, twice in each year, that is to fay, at two feveral feflions of the peace or adjournments thereof for the county of Cork, to be held at Cork ; and that the faid afliftant barrifters (hall at the fame time hold Xuch court as aforrfiud, for the hearing of fuch caufes in a fummary way, Tor one divifion of the county of Cork, and that the city of Cork fhall be deemed and taken for the purpofes of this aft only, as a town within one divifion of the county of Cork.

LI 11. And be it alfo enabled, That fuch afliftant bamfler appointed,' or to be appointed in manner aforefaid for the county of Limerick, {hall in like manner hear and determine fuch caufes in a fummary way, by Englifh bill or paper petition, in and for the county of the. city of Limerick, in cafes where the defendant, or one of the defendants in the caufc /hall refide within the county of the faid city, twice in each year; that is to fay, at two feveral feflions of the peace for the county of Limerick, or adjournments thereof to be held at Limerick ; and that the faid afliilant barrifters (hall, at the fame time hold fuch court as aforefaid, for hearing fuch caufe3 in a fummary way, for one divifion of the county of Limerick, and that the city of Limerick (hall be deemed and taken for the purpofes of this aft only, as a town within one divifion of the county of Limerick.

LIV. And be it alfo eiiafted, That fuch afliftant bar-riftcr appointed, or to be appointed in manner aforefaid, for the county of Kilkenny, fhall, in like manner as aforefaid, hear and determine fuch caufes in a fummary way, by Englifh bill or paper petition, in and for the county of the city of Kilkenny, in cafes where the defendant, or one of the defendants in the caufe (hall refide within the county of the faid city, twice in each year; that is to fay, at two fe-Teral feflions of the peace for the ^county of Kilkenny, or adjournments thereof, to be hqld at Kilkenny ; and that the faid afliftant barrifters (hall at the fame time hold fuch court as aforefaid, for the hearing of fuch caufes in a fummary way, for one divifion of the county of Kilkenny, and that the city of Kilkenny (hall be deemed and taken for the purpofes of this aft only, as a town within one diviiion of the •ounty of Kilkenny.

LV. And

Digitized^ by V^rOOQle

The thirty ftxth Tear of George III.

335-

LV. And be it alfo enabled, That fuch afliftant barrifter A. D. appointed, or to be appointed in manner aforefaid for the 1796.. county of Antrim, (hall, in like manner as aforefaid, hear Chap. 25.

and determine fuch caufes in a fummary way, by Englifh V—--------------

Y>ill or paper petition, in and for the county of the town of The like in Carrickfergus, in cafes where the defendant, or one of the ^e ^wn of Gar-defendants in the caufe (hall refide within the county of the Antrim/0* fa id town, twice in each year ; that is to fay, at two feveral fefiions of the peace for the county of Antrim, or adjournments thereof, to be held at Carrickfergus; and that the faid afliftant barrifters, (hall, at the fame time hold fuch court as aforefaid, for the hearing of fuch caufes in a fum-inary way, for one divifion of the county of Antrim, and that the town of Carrickfergus (hall be deemed and taken for the purpofes of this |i6l only, as a town within one divifion of the county of Antrim.

LVI. And be it alfo ena&ed, That fuch afliftant barrifter Tjlc |£^e	'

appointed, or to be appointed in manner aforefaid, for the the town «f county of Galway, thall, in like manner as aforefaid, hear Galway, and determine fuch caufes in a fummary way, by Englifh bill or paper petition, in and fo« the county of thetown'of Galway, in cafes where the defendant, or one of the defendants in the caufe (hall refide within the county of the town of Galway, twice every year; that is to fay, at two feveral fefiions of the peace for the county of Galway, or adjournments thereof, to be held at Galway; and that the faid afliftant barrifter, fhall, at the fame time hold fuch court as aforefaid, for the hearing of fuch caufes in a fummary way, for one divifion of the county of Galway ; and that the town of Galway (hall be deemed and taken for the purpofes of this aft only, as a town within one divifion of the county of Galway.

LVIL And be it alfo enadted, That fuch afliftant bar- The like in rider appointed, or to be appointed in manner aforefaid, for thc town of the county of Louth, (hall, in like manner as aforefaid, hear Drogheda, co. and determine fuch caufes in a fumipary way, by Englifh bill of Louth, or paper petition, in and for the county of the town of Drogheda, in cafes where the defendant, or one of the defendants in the caufe {hall refide within the county of the faid town, twice in each year; that is to fay, at two feveral fefiions of the peace for the county of Louth, or adjournments thereof, to be held at Drogheda; and that the faid afliftant barrifter, (hall, at the fame time hold fuch court as	^

aforefaid, for the hearing of fuch caufes in a fummary way, for one divifion of the county of Louth, and that the town of Drogheda (hall be deemed and taken for the purpofes, of this a& only, as a town within one divifion of the county	'

o£ Louth- -

LVIII.

Sheriffs to juke warrants,

Not to extend to co. ot Dublin^ is herein.

Lord lieut. and council may order counties divided undet »7 G. 3. to he freed from ex-hence. See. as herein.

Counties fo Aeed, to be again divided, See. as herein.

The ttsrtj-fixtb Tmr tf George lit.

. IrVlII. And be it further enafted, That the feveral fi*t-riffs of the faid feveral counties of cities and counties of towns (hall make fuch warrants and execute filch executions rcfpeftively, in and for their refpeftive bailiwicks, upon all decrees and difmiffes t6 be executed within .their refpeftive bailiwicks, and do all and every matter relative thereto, and to appeals thetefrom, and with the like fees as is herein before'mentioned, refpefting the fheriffs of the federal counties at large. ,

L1X. And be it further enafted by the authority afore-laid, That nothing in this aft contained fhall extend to the county of Dublin, fave where it has been otheiwife exprefsly provided, or to the county of the city of Dublin

LX; And be it further enafted by the Authority afore-faid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the lord lieutenant or other thief governor *r governor of this kingdom for the time being, by and with the advice of the privy Council of this kingdom; from time to time, as there (hall be occafion to order and direct that any county or Counties in this kingdom, which has or have already been or may hereafter be divided into diftrifts for the ptfrpofes in the laid aft of the twenty-fetenth year of his prelent Majefty, fhall be freed and difeharged from the burthen created bv the faidiaft, and be no longer divided into diftrifts for fucb purpofes, and that the grand juries of fuch county or counties rcfpeftively, fhall no longer prefent the feveral fums required by the laid aft to be prefented ; whereupon the grand juries of fuch county or counties' (hall no longer make the feveral presentments required by fUch aft, but (hall appoint fuch conftables or officers only, atod prefent fuch Wages and allowance for the fame as fuch grand juries Would by law be authorized and empowered fo do, if fuch county had not teen at airy time divided into diftrifts for the purpofes of the faid aft.

LX I. Provided always and be it enafted by the authority aforetaid. That ip cafe the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being* (nail have fo ordered or direfted that any foch county or counties fhould be freed and difeharged from the burthen treated by the faid aft, and (hould no longer.Continue to be fo divided, or to prefent the feveral fums required by the faid adl to be prefented, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch or any lord lieutenant or other chief governor. 01 governors at any time afterwards, and from time to time, when he or they (hall think proper, by and with the advice of the privy council, again to extend the provifions of the faid aft of the twenty-feventh year of his prefent Majefty to fuch county or counties; and again to divide fuch county or counties

into

igitized b

Google

The thirty Jtxth Tear of George III.	337

irlto fucK diftri&s as he or-they, with fuch advice as afbre«» A. D-faid, fMl think proper, whereupon fuch county or counties 1796* (hall again becdme liable to the hurthen created by the faid Chap. 2 ail of the twenty-feyenth year of his prefeat Mijefty ; and	y-■

the grand juries of fuch county or Counties (hall agairf be bound to prefent, and (hall make fuch preferments as are required by the faid ail

. LXIJ. And be it further enaited by the authority afore-	... "

(aid. That it (hdll and may be lawful to and for the lord	&&*{&***

lieutenant or other chief governor Or governors of this king- » berom-dom for the time being, by and with fuch advice as afore-faid* from time to time, and a9 often as there (hall be occa* fion, to alter or increafe, or diminifh the number of dif-tricls in which any, or every county has already been, or (hall hereafter be divided into, for the purpofes of the faid ail of tile twenty-feventh year of his prefent Majefty, of to divide fuch counties anew into diftriils for the purpofe of the faid ail, and that from and after fuch alteration or new divihon, the grand juries of fuch feveral counties refpeilive-ly, are hereby required to make fuch preferments as by the faid ail, and this ail they are required to make, in like manner as if fuch county had originally been divided info difc tri&s, conformable to the lall alteration or new divilion which (hall have been fo made, v LX1II. And whereas by the faid ail of^ the twenty-feventh year of his prefefift Majelty, it is enailed, That the grand jury of each county at large therein dtferibed (hall at the affixes from time to time, nominate arid appoint lixteen proptr perfons to ail fub conllables within each diftriil of fuch comity, fuch fub conllables to be in lieu and in the place of all fub-conilablcs appointed, of to be appointed by (itch grand Juries for baronies or half-baronies: and whereas it ia apprehended, that as the faid ail now (lands* in cafe any of the faid fub-conftables fhould die, or from any other eacrfe, (hovild ceafe to do tire duties of the laid office, there is no power veiled in any perfon or perfons what foever, until the eniuiug affizes, to iufoftitute or appoint any perfon or perfons to ail as fub-conftable in the place of fuch fub-edn-- flable fo dyings or ceafing to do the duties of the faid office, wheicby great impediments may arife to the due ex- tu{Hccsat ecution of publick juftice ; be it thercfo.e ena&ed, That feffians may ap-in any fuch cafe as aforefaid, it is, (hall aird may be lawful point ful -con-for the jullices at the general ftffions next enfuing, upon ^/bicsri,) due information upon oath, to nominate and appoint under ^cr	'w	0

thqir hands and feal.v one or more fub-conftahl.s to ail in a8 herein, the place of fuch fub-conftable or fub-conftables fo dying, or ceafing to cfo the duty of fub-conftable ; which perfon or perfons fo appointed, (hall continue to ail in fuch capa-Vol» X*	Y	city

Digitized by

Google

©. juries of co. divided (hall prefent for fub-conftables, as herein.

fn calc g.

juries do not preftnt for fub-conftablcs, judges of aibze inay order, as Icrsia directed.

*Tht thirty-ft xth Tear of George IIL

city, and (hall be vefted with all powers and Authorities* and fubjeft to all fuch regulations and penalties as the fiib-conftable or fub-conftables, in whofe place he or they (hall be fo fubftituted, would have had until the enfuing affixes to be held for the faid county, and no longer, and (hall be entitled to a falary equal to that of the other fub-conftablc* of fuch diftrift, in proportion to the time they (hall continue in the faid office, and the feveral grand juries of fuch Counties are hereby authorized to prefent fuch falary or (ala* ries, in like manner, and under fuch reftriftions and regulations as if the faid perfon or perfons had been appointed to the office of fub-conftable by the grand jury At the affixes* purfuant to the faid a ft.

LXIV. And whereas fome grand juries at the affizes of counties at large within this kingdom, which have been heretofore divided into diftrifts, by force of and for the purpofes of the faid aft of the twenty-feventh year of his prefent Majefty, have omitted or refufed to nominate or appoint fuch number of perfons to aft as fub-couftables in every diftrift of fuch counties refpeftively, or to prefent fuch fum of money for each and every of fuch fub-conftables in every didrift into which fuch counties have been refpec-tively divided, as by the faid laft mentioned aft is required, thereby the good purpofes of the faid laft mentioned aft have been in fuch counties defeated ; for remedy whereof, and to prevent the like inconveniencies hereafter, be it en-afted by the authority aforefaid. That the grand jury of any and every county* which has already been divided into diftrifts purfuant to the laft mentioned aft, and in which county the grand jury thereof did not at the affizes next following the time of fuch divifion> or at any fubfequent affizes, nominate and appoint fuch number of perfons to aft as fub-conftables in every diftrift of fuch county, and did not prefent fuch fum for fuch fub-conftables as by the faid aft is required, (hall nominate and appoint, and they Arc* hereby required and direfted, at the next affizes after paffing this aft, to nominate and appoint fuch number of pcrlons to aft as fub-conftables for each diftrift, into which fuch county or counties has, or have refpeftively been divided into, for the purpofes of the faid aft, and to prefent fuch fumg of money for each of fuch fub-conftables as by the faid aft, and this aft is required.

LXV. A nd be it further enafted by the authority afore* faid, That if at any affizes after the paffing of this aft, the grand jury of any county, which already has been, or hereafter may be divided into diftrifts, for the purpofes in the laid laft mentioned aft of the twenty-feventh year of hii

a	prefer	j

Digitized by v^ooQle

*the thirtyfxth Tear of George lit.

jprefent Majefty, while fuch county (hall continue fo divided by force of the faid aft, fhall negleft or refufe to nominate or appoint fuch number of perfons to aft as fub-conftables in every fuch diftrift, as is by the fa $ laft mentioned aft required, or in cafe of the death, removal, or refignation of any or every fuch fub-conftable, if fuch grand jury fhall iiegleft or refufe to uominate and" appoint the like number of perfons in the room of fuch as fhall have died, been removed, or have refigned, or if the grand jury of any county fo divided, or hereafter to be divided, fhall negleft or refufe to prefent fuch fum for each and every of fuch fub-conftables as by the faid laft mentioned aftt and this aft is required* then and in all or any of fuch cafes, it fhall and may be lawful for the judges of afiize, or one of them, at fuch iffizes, and he and they is, and are hereby required and directed, in cafe any grand jury of any county fo divided, or hereafter to be divided, for the purpofes of fuch aft of the twenty-feventh year of his prefent Majefty, fhall negleft or • refufe to nominate and appoint fuch number of perfons to aft as fub-conftables* as aforefaid* to make an order whereby # it (hall be ordered and direfted that the fum of fix pounds (hall be raifed for each and every of fixteen fub-conftables* in each and every diftrift into which fuch county fhall have been divided, and which fub-conftables fhall be afterwards nominated by the lord lieutenant, Qr other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, for the time being, and that r fuch fum of fix pounds fhall be paid by the treafurer of Inch county to each and every fub-conftable* in each and every fuch diftrift, who fhall be fo nominated, at fuch time, and under the like reftriftions and qualifications, as if fuch grand jury had nominated fuch perfons, and prefented the laid fums.

LXVl* And be it further enafted, That if any grand L. Meat ihay jury in any county fo divided, or hereafter to be divided in- appoint fub-cw** to diftrifts, for the purpofes of the faid laft mentioned aft*	~

(hall fo negleft or refufe to nominate or appoint fuch perfons to aft as fub-conftables, as aforefaid, or fhall negleft or refufe to nominate and appoint any *>ne or more fuch fub-conflables in the room or place of the like number of fuch fub-conftables who fhall have died or have been removed* or have refigned* at the next aflizes after ftich death, removal or refignation, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom* for the time being, upon fuch negleft or re* fufal being certified to him or them, by the judges of af* fize for fuch county, or one of them, to nominate and appoint the like number of perfons as (ueb grand jury ought

Y i	to

ft a olea, : herein.

Digitized by Google

Judges of aflize to make ordet for payment* of fub-cen&abkt.

Sum* fo

ordered, fhall br railed as if prefcnt«d by g. >ury.

Sums prefent* ed for each fub-con (table, as herein.

The thirty-Jixth Tear of George I1L

to have nominated or appointed in every fuch cfl Ariel tit fucli county, fo divided or hereafter to be divided by force of the laid laft mentioned aft; and filch perfon* ihall be fub-cunflables, and * e the fame powers and be liable to the lame duties, and be in all refpefts under the lame regulations, as if they had been duly nominated and appoiuted by fuch grand jury.

LXVII. And be it further enafted, That if any grand jury of any county fo divided, or to be divided, fhall do* minate and appoint fuch number of perfons as they are by the laid lad mentioned aft required to do, to aft as fob-cotiliable*, and (hall negkft or refufe to make fnch prefent-meats for fuch fums of money for fuch fub-con(tables as by law they are required, or for fuch fub-conilables as (kail have been, purfuant to this aft, nominated by the lord lieu* tenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, for the time being, upon fuch former neglcftorre-fufal of any grand jury, then, and in every fuch cafe, it (ball and may be lawful for the judges of aifize for fuch re* fpeftive county, or one of them, to make fuch order as afore fa id for tire raifing and paying fuch fub-conflablc fo no* minatedand appointed.

LXVII 1. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That all and every fuch fum* fo ordered as afore-(aid, by fuch judge or judges of aflifce to be raifed, (hall be raifed out trt every barony and half-barony within every diilrift into which fuch counties have been or (hall be hereafter divided, by force of tire faid aft of the twenty-feventh year of his prefent Majelly, in fuch and the like manner, and be paid by the treafurer of fuch counties refpeftivcly, to fuch fub eonftables refptftivcly, as if fuch iub-conftables had )>een nominated and appointed, and as if fuch fums had been prefented to be raifed by the grand juried of fuch counties refpeftivcly, by force of the laid aft of the twenty-feventh year of hib prefent Majelly. r LXIX And whereas by the faid aft t f the twenty-feventh year of his Majclly’s reign, it is enafted, That the grand jury of each county at large, (hall and may at'each aflizes prelent any fum not exceeding twelve pound*, nor lefs thaH ten pounds for every fub-co nil able jh every dif-tricl: and wherea6 fuch fums in foine counties may be mote than is neceflary ; be it therefore eqafttd. That it (hall and may be lawful for the grand juries of every Inch v county heretofore divided, or which hereafter (hall be divided into diftrifts purfuant to the faid recited aft, to prefent at each aflizes, any fum not exceeding twelve pounds, and not lefs than fix pounds, for every fub-coaJUble, for every

diilrift

Digitized by Google

The th&rty-Jfxth Tear of George III.

Adrift In fuch county, in like manner as is by the faid aft A, D. direfted refpcdting the funis to be prefented by the laid recited ?705^

*a.	Chap	2*.

LXX. And be it fprther enafted, That this aft (hall	—v—

be perpetual, and that the faid aft of parliament' made This a& pei# jn this kingdom ip the fwenty-feventh year of his prefent Pctua^ ®,c* JMajefty, entitled, An {id for the better execution of the la*iu9 and pre/crvptioTi of the peace within counties at Ispgey as the fame is hereby amended, (hall continue and be in force for (even years, from and after palling this act, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, and np longer.

Tbc SCHEDULE to which the annexed BiH

refers.

A.

form of the Pro^cft to be fcr?ed purfuant to this Acfr

(Stamp)

County of pnd divilion of to witt

A. B. of

the county of (addition of pit.)

Plaintiff (s),

C. D. of in the county of (his addition)

Defendant sj.

(here infert the amount of the demand) for	(here	in-

sert the caufe of aftion) or in default thereof the faid afiillanj barrider will proceed as to juftice (hall appertain.

fLated this	day of

Signed on behalf pf>

^Hc plaintiff (s). J

Form

1 By the affiilant barrifter > at the feffions for the faid j county.

pi*) The defendant (s) 1*6 (oy are) hereby Required per. foually to appear before, the faid aflUlant barrilier Mt

on th$.	day

of	to	suifwer

the plaintiff’s bill in an ac-*. tion for the fum of



TV thirty-Jixth Tc& of George III,

No.

County of Divibon of

Form of a Dedrpe.

1 By the aiRftant barriC > ter at the fdfions for the J county of

tn

A. B. of	^ It appearing to the

in the county of	i court that proeefs to ap-

(here infert the addition or oc-1 pear at this prefent fdhoa cupation of pit. or pits.)	f was dujy ferveil on the

Pit. (s)	^defendant (s), and that

C. D. of	in	the	county!	the defendant (s)is(oFart)

of	(here	infert	the	ad-\juflly indebted to the

ditionor occupation of defendant lplaintiff (a) in the fum of or defendants.)	J pounds (hillings

and	pence	for	I	here	Hate the cauie of a&ion from tbi

proeefs.) It is therefore ordered and decreed by the court, that the plaintiff (s) do recover from the defendant (s) the faid fum, together with	(hillings and	pence,

coll, and th$ feveral fheriffs of the refpe&ive counties within this kingdom of Ireland, are hereby commanded, notwithstanding any liberty within their bailiwicks, to enter the fame, and take in execution the (body or bodies or goods, as the cafe may be) of the defendant (s) to (atiify the (aid debt and coft.

Dated at	tbit	day	of	17

Debt	£.

Intereft -	*	-

Cod -	-	-	-	086

Warrant	-	-	oil

E. F, Attorney for the plaintiff.

G. H. Cletk of the peace for the (aid county.

■ I. K. Afliflaftt barriftcr for (aid county.

Form of the {herHT* warrant on the decree to a fpedal bailiff of plaintiff’s nomination.

County of	II	authorize	and	empower

to wit	J	A.	B.	pf	and

C. D. of	or either of them, ‘ and their a Aidants,

fpecial bailiffs, at the plaintiff’s peril, to execute the ahote decree. Given under my hand and feal thia day of

'	L.	M.	Sheriff of $he faid county,

form

(Seal)

Digitized by Google

Tbf thirtyfxth Year of George III* C,

Form of a Difmifs.

No.

County of Divilion of A. B. of of

in the county

(here infcrt the addi-G to the court that the

tion or occupation of the pit. or pits.)

Pit-

C* D. of	in	the	county of

(here irifert the addition or occupation of the deft, or defts.) Deft.

for (here ftate the caufe of a&ion

By the afliftant bar* rifter at the feflions for the fajd county. Whereas it appeared

procefs ferecd) but the plaintiff (s) failing to prove (his, ncr, their) faid debt, or any part thereof. It is' therefore decreed by the court that the plaintiff’s bill be, and the fame is hereby difmiffed, and that the defendant (s) do recover againft the plaintiff (s) the fum of	cods of this

difmifs. And the feveral fheriffs within this kingdom of JLfQand are hereby commanded, notwithftanding any liberty within their refpe&ive bailiwicks, to enter the fame, and take in execution the plaintiff’s (body, goods) to fatisfy and jpay the defendant (s) the faid coft qf obtaining this difmifs.

Dated at

this

day of

*7

E. F. Attorney for the defendant (s), p. H. Clerk of the peace of the faid county. I. ft, Affiflant barriiter of jhc laid county.

plaintiff (s) caufed the defendant (s) to be * ferved with procefs to * appear here this pre-fent feffion, for the re-covery of the fum of aliedged to be due from the copy of the '

Form of the fheriff ’s warrant on fuch difmifs.

County of	II	authorize	and	efh-	^

to wit.	j	power	A.	B.	of

and C. D. of	or	either	6f

them, and their afliftants, fpeciaj bailiffs at the defendant’s peril, to execute the above difmifs. 'Given under my hand^ and feal this	day	of

1L. M* Sheriff of the faid county.

(Sea!)

Form



Digitized by Google v

The thirjyfxth Tear of Geprge IIL

D,

Form of Affidavit or Affirmation for a Reneyval of a Decree and of a Difmifs.

No.	1	1 A. B. of	in the county

County of	£of	(here (Ute the addition or

Divifion of	j occupation of the perfon fwearing or

affirming) one of the parties (or perfonal reprefentatite of C. D. one of the parties) in 3 caufe in which the annexed (decree or difmifs) was pronounced, and the fum of thereby ordered to be recovered, and in which caufe

of	was	(or were) plaintiff (s)

and	of	defendant	($)

do fwear, (or if a quaker do folemnly affirm) that there is Hill remaining due and unpaid of the fyid fum, fo ordeied

!; be recovered, the fum of	after all juft al-

ii wances (and if the perfon fwearing or affirming^be a party* as a perfonal representative of any other perfon, or if he make this affidavit or affirjnation as perfonal repreftntative to ope of the parties in the original caufe, add thefe words) ^s he (or (he) doth verily believe.

A. B.

Sworn before me in open court this " day of !7

1 Afliflant barriflcr t for faid county.

form of a Renewal to be printed or written op the fame fheet with the above affidavit, and when the affidavit (haU be fworn to, and tfie fame and renewal figned by the afiRft-tnt barrifter, the faid affidavit or affirmation is to be cut off and delivered to the clerk of the Peace, and the renew* 111 to the party entitled to it. ^	~	‘	^



Digitized by CaOOQle

The thiriyjixth Year of George III.

No.	1

County of	>

13ivifion of	3

held at

By the aififlant barrifter for the county of at a fel&on of the peace in the hud county,

345

A. D, 1796. Chap. 35.

A. B. of	Oath	being	made	in	open	court

iu the county of	Jthat	there remains ftiil due, by

(here infert the addition fthe annexed (decree or difinifs) of occupation of the pits.) f the fum of	It	is there-

P*t. (&)	[	fore	ordered and decreed by the

C. D. of	/■ court that the fame be, and the

in the county of	1 fame is hereby renewed for the

(here infert the additionV laid fum, together with or occupation of defts.) \	cofts of this renewal, and

Deft, (s)	that	the (plaintiff or defendant)

J fhall have and recover from the (defendant or plaintiff) the fame, and the feveral fheriffs of the counties and cities within this kingdom of Ireland, are hereby required, notwithflanding any liberty within their bailiwicks, that they enter the fame, and take in execution the (defendant or plaintiff ’s) (body, goods,) to fatisfy and pay the faid fum and cofts.

Dated at

the	day	of	17

Clerk of the peace for faid county, Attdley for the

f Affiftant barrifter \ for faid county.

Form of the fheriff *s warrant on fuch rencw?al to be the fame as that above-mentioned on a decree, changing the word decree into renewal, and in cafe it be the renewal of a difmifs, then changing the words plaintiff’s peril, in the warrant, into defendant’s peril.

Digitized by

T2# thirty-Juetb	Tear of George IIL



JL Ik.

ijg6.

Chap. if.

%

E.

form of affidavit of attorney on appeal, and form of a recognizance on appealing from a decree or difmifs made or pronounced by an affiftant barrifter, purfuant to this aft* to be acknowledged before fuch affiftant barriiler.

Np. County of Pivifion of

I

A- B. of

(here defpribe the pits .as in the caufe)

Pit.

C. D.

(here deferibe the deft, in like manner)

Deft.

E. F. attorney for the (de* fendant, plaintiff), in this caufe, maketh oath that he believes that the appeal in-* tended to be lodged in this caufe is not made or to be made for the purpofe of delay, but that there is, as he be-

lieves, probable caufe of feverfing the (decree, difmifs) made in this caufe.

Sworn before me this	day	of

Affiftant barrifter for the faid county*

Form



Digitized by v^ooQle

4

The thirtyjSxtb fear •/ George III,

<

F.

Form of recognizance on the defendant’s appealing from a decree, '

$41

A. D.

1796.

chap, zj.

No

County of to wit.

1

A. B. of

(liere deferibe the pit.

in the caufe)

Pit.

C. D of

(’here deferibe the deft, as in the caufe)

Deft

L. M. of	in	the

county of	acknowledge*	fclf to be in-

debted to the plaintiffs) * in the fum of N. O. of P.Q^of

______________ J	acknowledge	themfehrea	to

be jointly and feveraUy indebted to the plaintiff in the fum of

£.

The condition of the foregoing recognizance is fuch, that if the defendant (s) do profecute (his, her, their) appeal to the decree ip this caufe, at the next general affixes to bo held in and for the county of	and	pay	fuch	debt	and

coftg as (hall be awarded againft the (aid defendant (s), then the above recognizance to be vpid, otherwife to remain in fuu force and virtue.

Clerk of the peace 1 for faid county y

Taken and acknowledged before me this	day	of

( Affiftant barriftef \ for faid county.

The form of the recognizance when the plaintiff fhafli appeal from a difmifs to be the fame} mifUfti* mutandis, as the above.

CHAP.

-.X

• Jui

Digitized by Got e.ii

Tit tlxrtyjfxth Tear of George III.

S*»

A. D. 1796.

gums herein %o be paid out of confolidated fund, to the judge*.

CHAP, XXVI.

An A8 for encreafing the Salaries of the Chief Juf'teesj and other judges of hit Majejly's Courts of King’s Bench, and Common P/eas9 and of the Chief Baronf and other Barons of the Court of Epcbupier if this Kingdom,

XX^HJLRE A S the felaries of the chief juftices of hi* ▼ V Majefty’s courts of knig’s bench, and commoq picas, and of the chief baron of his Majefty’s court of ex* chequer, and alfo the falaries of the puifne judges of the laid courts of king’s bench, and common ple^s, and of the puifne barons of the faid court of exchequer, are inadequate to the dignity and importance of their offices ; be it there* fore ena&ed by the King** moftr excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpirifual and tern* poral, and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, in the year of our Lord^ one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-fix, there (hall be iffued, paid and applied in every year out of the taxes, du ties, and revenues which (hall compofe the fund called the -confolidated fund, the Aims of money following, to the faid chief juft ices, chief baron, and the faid puifne judges, and puifne barons, as an addition to and in augmentation of thei^ refpc&ive falaries, that is to fay, to the chief juftice of his Majefty’s court of king’s bench, the yearly fum of one thoufand feven hundred pounds 5 to the chief juftice of hi^ Majefty’8 court of common pleas, the yearly f*m of one thou* (and eight hundred pounds ; to the chief baron of his Ma* jetty’s court of exchequer, the yearly fum of one thoufan^ eight hundred pounds 5 to each and every of the puifne judges of the ftiid courts of king’s bench, and common pleas^ and each and every of the puifne barons of the faid court of exchequer, the yearly fum of one thoufand three hundred pounds ; fo as that the faid chief juftice of the king’s ben^h, (hall have a yearly falary altogether of four thoufand pounds; the chief juftice of the common pleas, and the chief baron of the exchequer, the yearly falaries of three thoufand five hundred pounds each; 3nd the faid feveral puifne judges and puifne barons, t|ie yearly falaries of tW thoyfapd nvc hundred pounds each.

- II. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the laid feveral yearly fums (hall be payable and paid quar*

Digitized by v^ooQle

The thirty-fixth Tear of George III# , .

fetly bt ftich times as the prefent falaries of fuch chief judged and judges are payable and paid, and that the fame (hall be in additiori to and in augmentation! of their prefent falaries; and that the faid feveral fums, and alfo the refpedtfve present falaries of the faid chief iuflices, chief baron, puifne judges, and puifne barons, (hall be payable"and paid with* out any dedu&ion for pells or poundage, or otherwife.

III.	And be it further ena&ed, That the firft quarterly payment of the faid feveral fums hereby granted in augmen* tation of the faid falaries, fhaU be made on the twenty-fourth day of June, in the year of our Lord, one thouland feven hundred and ninety-fix, and that the fame (hall continue to be paid during the continuance of the faid prefent juftices, arid chief baron, and the faid prefent puifne judges* and puifne barons fefpe&ively, in their refpe&ive offices, and (hall be paid to all future chief juftices of the faid courts of king's bench , and common pleas, and chief ba* rons of the laid court of exchequer, and future puifne judges of the faid courts of king's bench, and common pleas, and puifne barons of the laid court of exchequer* during the time they (hall refpc&fvoly continue in their re* fpe&ive offices.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That fuch fums fo granted as aforefaid, (hall be in full recommence for the expence to be incurred by the faid chief juftices, chief baron, and the faid puifne judges, and barons refpe&ively on their refpe&ive ordinary circuits ; but that it (hall neverthelefs be lawful for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, to order ana direct in the manner heretofore ufed, fuch fum of money to be iffued and paid to any judge or judges, who (hall have any fpecial Commiffion of oyer and terminer, and gaol delivery, or who (hall hold any adjournment of the afiizes by the dire&ton of the lord lieutenant, of other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, as hath heretofore been ufual, and for the proper officers of his JVlajefty's treafury to pay the fante.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That as often as it (hall happen that any chief juftice, chief baron, or puifne judge, or puifne baron, fhall from fickncfs pr any other caufe be prevented from gofng any circuit, or part of a circuit, it (haU and may be lawful for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of .this kingdom, by warrant under his or their hand or hands, to dire& that the fum of four hundred pounds (hall be (topped and dedudled from the falary of fuch chief juftice, chief baron, puifne judge, or puifne baron, who (hall be prevented from going the whole of their

0	refpedtive

34*

A. D#

1796-Chap. 26.

Firft quarterly payment of augmentation to be . made 24th June, 179*.

Said fums tqf be in reconi-pence for expenses on circuit#

400T. flopped

from any judge prevented from going circuit.

Digitized by <^»ooQle

$61. to be paid ^rtach circuit.

Hie clerk* of the prefent judges, 4cc. paid 75I. more for each circuit.

the thirtyfixlh Tear of George III.

fefpk&ife circuits, and be applied to the payment of foek perfon who (hall be appointed to go, and (hall go fuch cir*-duit in the place of fuch judge, and fuch part of fuch fum as the dhief governor or chief governors of this kingdom (hall direft; when it {hall happen that the chief jufticc or chief baron, ©Mother judge lliali go part of a circuit, and not be able to go the whult? of his circuit, (hall be paid to the perfon who (hall go luch part of a circuit in the place of fuch judge.

VI.	And V/hcreas it is neceffary that each of the judge* of aflize, {hould be attended by a clerk, who fhould as here*-tofore a& as and be clerk of afiize, and rifi priusy and that provifion fhould be made for fuch cle ks be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That there fhall be paid to one cleijc. to each and every of the judges of aflize re-fpe&irdy, for each circuit that fuch judge fhall refpedively go, the fum of fifty pounds fterling, the fame to be paid out of the faid taxes, duties, and revenues which fhall compofe the (aid fund, called the confolidated fund, upon fuch clerk producing a certificate Under the hand of fuch judge refpec-tmly, tha^ he fuch judge went the next preceding circuit, tad certifying the name of fuch clerk.

VII.	Provided always, That the feveral clerks for the time being, of the prefent chief judices, chief baron, and puifhe judges and barons who fhall go circuit as clerk of affize, and njfi prhuy and procure and produce fuch certificate as aforefaid, fhall be paid the fum of feventy-five pounds for every fuch circuit, in addition to the faid fum of fifty pounds*

CHAP. XXVII.

„ Amended 3S O. 3.57.

Perfon* con* tidied of con-fpiring to mur-fuffer

lpiring to der, dull

An AS to make confpirmg to murder, Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

WHER&AS it is neceflary in order to deter men from entering into confpiracies to murder, to cncreafe the punifhment of perfona convi&ed of fuch horrid crime*! be it ena&ed by the King’s moll excellent .Ylajefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and tem* poral and commons in this prefent parliament afTembled, 3nd by the authority of the fame. That all perfons who fhall be by due courfe of law convifted of confpiring, confederating and agreeing to murder any perfon, fhall be, and be adjudged felons, and (hall fuffer death as felons, without benefit of clergy.

CHAP.

Digitized by Google

The thirtyJtxth Tear of George lit* CHAP* XXIX.

Ak As to render Perfons convicted of Petty Larceny, competent Witnejfes.

WHEREAS perfons convided of grand larceny, are by their punifhment tfeftored to their credit as wit-ftefles, but perfons convided of petty larceny, are rendered mnd remain wholly incompetent to be examined as witnefTes} be it therefore enaded by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lord? fpiritual

and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament af- ___________

fembled* and by the authority of the fame, That from and Jane, 1796, after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven perfons hundred and ninety-fix, no perfon (hall be an incompetent witrfefs, by reafon of a conviction for petty larceny.

Fmmljtfc

viaedpf petty Urcony, not thertfayreodered

ino

CHAP. XXX.

An AS to explain and'amend an AS) paffed in the Thirty-fifth Tear of the Reign of his prefent Majejly, entitled, An AS for more effectually preferring the Peace within the City of Dublin^ and the DiflriS of the Metropolis, and cfablifhing a Parochial Watch in the fuid Cityf and for remedying the Abufes committed by Pawn-Brokers within the DiftriS of the Metropolis, or three Miles thereof

WHEREAS fome further provisions are heceilary to render an a & more effedual, paffed in the thirty* fifth year of his Majefty’s reign, entitled, An aCl for more effectually preferring the peace within the city of Dublin, and the	^

aflriCt of the metropolis, and efabhjhing a parochial watch in the faid city ; be it therefore enaded by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament .afTembled, and by the authority of the fame,

That the fuperintendant magi ft rate of the diftrid of the Superintends* Metropolis, eleded and appointed under, and by virtue of magiftrtte to the faid recited ad, (hall, immediately after the palling of enter into re-# this ad, with two fufficient fecurities to be approved of by one of the barons of hia Majefty’s court-of exchequer, ac- J^ofjoool. knowledge a recognizance to his Majefty, his b ’ire and fuc- 6k. byjjO.j, ceffors, in the court of exchequer, in the fum of five thoufand pounds fterling, conditioned that he will from time to time, when and m required by the faid recited ad, duly account

Digitized by

35*

a. i).

•796. Chap. 36.

f*erfon§ at*

pointed to office* as herein, to make oath a* follows:

Oaeh.

To be tafcefl before lord mayor, &o.

Tie thirtyffixth Tedr of 6eorgfe ill;

doting for, and pay all fuch monies as (hall remain in his hands, arifing from all and fmgular the taxes, fines, penalties, and forfeitures directed by thfe faid a ft to be railed, collected, and levied by the fuperintendant magiftrate of the diffrift of the metropolis ; and in like manner every other fuperintendant niagiftrate who (hall hereafter be elected and appointed by virtue of the faid aft, (hall, immediately after his clcftioii and appointment thereto, and before he (hall pre-fume to aft in the office of fuperintendant magiftrate, enter into a like recognizance for the purpofe herein before mentioned ; which recognizance ot recognizances, (hall from time to time be depofited with the chief remembrancer of his Majefty’s exchequer, there to be recorded ; and if any fuperintendant magiftrate of the diftrift of the metropolis (hall at any tim* hereafter* after the palling of this ^ft, pro-ceed to execute any of the powers and authorities of the office of fuperintendant magiftrate, without having entered into fecurity by recvignizance as aforefaid ; every fuch fuper-iutendant magiftrate (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the film of five hundred pounds fterling, to be recovered by action of debt* to be brought in the name of any perfou who may think proper to fue for the fame, in any of his Ma-jefty’s courts of record at Dublin; in which no efloign or more than one imparlance lhail be allowed.

II. And be it en^fted by the authority aforefiud, That every* perfon or perfons, who lhail after the palling of this aft be eleftcd or appointed to the refpeftive offices of fuperintendant magiftrate, divisional jufltice, law agent* or fe-cretary to the office of fuperintendaut magiftrate, high con-llable, chief conitabie, regifter, and colleftor of carriages, lhail, before they enter on the duiies of fuch offices refpec-tively, take and fubferibe the following oath:

I A. B. do fWeary that I have not paid, given, or pro-mifed to pay, or give any fum or fums of money, or any otlser conjideration whatfoever, either by myfdf, or by any agent or friend on my behalf \ to my knowledge or belief, for the appoint-ment to the qffirc of	anJ

that I have not promifed to Jhare the profits of the faid office, ot any part thereof, with any other perfan.

which oath (hall be taken and fubferibed before the lord mayor of the city of Dublin, who is hereby empowered to adminifter the fame, and be lodged in the town clerk's of. lice of the faid city; and a certkicate of the fame being f© lodged, (hall, and is hereby direfted for each perfon to produce before he (hall enter into any of the offices aforefaid,;

and





Digitized by v^ooQle

TU thlrtyjixth Year of George I IT.

arid in cafe any perfon appointed to any of the offices aforefaid, (hall attempt to aft therein without having taken and fubferibed fuch oath, every fuch perfon (hall for fuch offence forfeit the fum of twenty pounds fterling; to be recovered by civil bill, in the court of proper jurifdiftion, by any perfon who (hall fue.for the fame.

III.	And whereas the faid recited aft direfts that a pub-lick office (hall be kept, in which the iuftice for each divi-lion of the diftrift of the metropolis mail refide, for tranf-a&hig the bufinefs of a juft ice of the peace, and in order to accommodate the inhabitants of each divifion, be it <n-a&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the (aid offices in

' each divifion fhall be kept in the moil central and convenient fitualion thereof; and that the refpeftive places for keeping fuch offices fhall be appointed by the fuperintendant magiftrate and divifional juft ices, and approved df by the lord mayor of the city of Dublin ; and that the approbation of the lord mayor under his hand and feal, fhall be produced by each divifional juftice to the fuperintendant magiftrate for the time being, and lodged with fuch fuperintendant magif-trate, before the divifional j offices fhall be entitled to receive the allowances for rent and neceflaries for fuch divifional office.

IV.	B<£ it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the fuperintendant magiftrate appointed, or to be appointed by virtue of the faid aft, fhall and may from time to time, and at all times hereafter, out of the money by the faid aft di-refted to be received by him, lay out and expend fuch fum as may be neceflary in repairing the faid office, and providing and repairing fuitable furniture for the office of fuperintendant magiftrate, provided the fum fo to be expended, fhall not in any one year exceed the fum of fifty pounds, and be accounted for before the commiffioncrs of impreft accounts.

V.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That each of the colleftors chofen, or who fhall hereafter be chofen by virtue of the faid aft, by the parifhioners of the refpeftive parifhes within the diftrift, or who fhall be appointed by virtue of the provifionn contained in this aft, for the colleftion of the rates to be applotted, by virtue of the faid aft, on each parifh, for the maintenance and fupport of the watch, fhall, with two fufficient fecurities to be approved of by the lord mayor of the city of Dublin, for the time being, enter into a bond for the fum of one thoufand pounds fterling, to the lord mayor for the time being, conditioned that uich colleftor will, on Saturday in each week, pay to the treafurer or receiver appointed to the corpora-

Vol. X.	Z	tioa

officers appointed not to ad before taking faid oath,penalty aoL

Offices of di« vifional jufticct to be kept in mod centralpait of each diviuon, &c.

50I. per ann. may be expended by fuperintendant magiftrate.

CoHe&or with % fureties, to enter into bond of xoool. for the payment of money coUc&ed.

Digitized by

Google

Treafurer, &c. to receive monies, diteded by by 35 G. i<o be paid to the Thy treafurer, Sti. as herein.

ConfUbles, See, to take the following oath.

The thirty-fixth Tear of George III.

tion of the city of Dublin, all mouey which he fhall colled or receive in his collection.

VI.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the treafurer, or receiver appointed, or who fhall or may hereafter be appointed to the corporation of the city of Dublin, is, and he is hereby declared to be the proper officer, from time to time, to receive all and every of the monies direfted by the faid recited a<51, to be paid to the treafurer of the city of Dublin, to be applied towards, and for the maintenance of the.watch, and to the true and punctual payment of all monies to be received by the refpe&ive col-le&ors, on account of the rates and alTeflmcnts, to be raifed and levied off the inhabitants of the diftridl of the metropolis, for the maintenance of the watch, by virtue of the faid a&, the fai4 treafurer or receiver of the faid city, from time to time, is hereby authorized to examine the collectors thereof, and all and every of them on oath as often as l^c fhall think proper, and in cafe of any defalcation or mif-condudt in any collector, to certify the fame to the lord mayor of the city of Dublin, for the time being, who (hall, and he is hereby required from time to time to difmifs any fuch colle&or, and to diredt the bond entered into by any colJe&or fo making default, to be put into fuit for all fums reported to be deficient on the foot of fuch colle&ion, as fhall appear by fuch treafurer or receiver's certificate as aforefaid ; and the lord mayor of the city of Dublin, from time to .time, (hall, by notice in writing,* under his hand and fealf require the church wardens of the parifh in which fuch collector has been guilty of defalcation or mifeondudfc, to convene the parifhioners of fuch parifh to meet, and to pro* ceed in manner as directed by the faid recited a& to the appointment of another collector in the room of the perfon fo difmifTed; and in cafe the church wardens and parifhioners ef die, parifh on which ftich notice fhall be ferved, fhall not appoint a new collector, and return his name to the lord mayor for the time being, within fix days next after being fo ferved with notice* thenj and in every fuch cafe, the lord mayor for the time being, fhall, and he is hereby required to’ nominate and appoint by writing, under his hand and feal, a colle&or for every fuch parifh who fhall fo negleft to appoint a colledor as herein before mentioned.;

■ f' VII.' And belt enafted by the authority aforefaid, That 'the Conflables of the watch, and fub-conftables appointed for each parifh, within the dfflridl aforefaid, or who fhall at an^ time hereafter be appointed under, and in purfuancc bf faid recited aft, fhall refpedivcly take and fubferibe the

following

Digitized by Google

The thirty Jixth Tear of George III.

following oath, before the fuperintendant m^iftratc of the diftnft, for the time being.

/ A. B. do fir ear, that I will well ami truly Jerve our Jo-verrign lord King George the third, in the office of a conffable of the dijlrift of the metropolis, that I will fee and caufe his Majeflf5 peace to he well and truly kept end preferred, according to my power, that I will do my endeavours, that the watches in my divifion he duly and regularly kept, without favour or affection, malice or evil will, according to the direction and intention of an aft, entitled, “ An aft for more effectually preferring the peace within the city of Dublin, and the dijlrift of the metropolis, and eflabli/hing a parochial watch in the faul city and that the Jlatules made for punifhing rogues, difiurbers of the peace, vagabonds, and night-walkers, and fuch other idle perfotis coming within my bounds sand limits, be duly put in execution ; that / will ~have a watchful eye to fuch perfons as Jhall maintain or keep any common houfe or place, where any unlawful game is, or Jhall be ufid, as alfo to finch as Jhall fire* quent or ufie fiuch places, or Jlsall fiee or exercifie any unlawful games there, or elfewhere,' contrary to the law and Jlatules of this kingdom ; that I will well and duly execute all precepts and warrants to me dire fted, from the jufiiccs of the peace, oj the djfirtft of the metropolis, according to law \ and that I will well and truly, according to my power, knowledge, and ability, do and execute all other things belonging to the office of a conjla-ble, fo long as 1 Jhal continue therein, and I will well and truly account for and pay all fuch publick money as 1 Jhall col-left, levy, or raife within my dijlrift, purfuant to any warrant or precept to me direfted, purfuant to my duty.

So help me God.

And every fuch watch-con liable, or fub-con(lable, fhall ob- onftable, See. tain a certificate from the fuperintendant magiflrate, under not to ad with* hid hand and feal, of fuch oath being taken and fublcribed out a certificate, by him, before he (hall proceed to aft in any pari Hi, as watch-conftable or fub-conftable; which certificate fhall, in all cafes whatfoever, be conclufive evidence of the perfon to whom the fame fhall be given, beieg duly authorized to aft in the office of watch-conftable or fub-couftable of the dif-tri6k of the metropolis. v

VIII.	And whereas by the faid recited aft, any direftor By recited ad, of a parifh who fhall attend in the vvatch-houfe of the pa- dxre&ors are rifh of which he is a direftor, within the diftrift of the	f<se

metropolis, or in the abfence of the direftor, the conftable of&j. of the watch, are, in the night-time, or during the nightly aflembling of the watch, authorized to take bail by recognizance, for an/ perfon who (hall be charged with, hav-Z 2	ing

a. d:

1796. Chap. 30.

OatU.

Digitized by

Google

Tbi thirty f»th Tear of George III/

"ng committed any offence, for which by law, bail fhouhf be taken, conditioned that every fnch perfon fhould appear at the jaflice’s office, lor the divifion of the diffrirl, m which fuch parifh fhould be, to anfwcr all filch things as' fhould be there objected againft him, or her, and alfo fiich dire&or, or tfatefi conftable are hereby authorized to bind the party, charging every fuch perfon in a recognizance, conditioned that he or ffie fhould appear to profecute his or her charge, for which recognizance fuch director or watcb-conflable arc authorized to charge a fee of fix-pence: And ivhercas by faid recited a ft, in cafe the parties fo bound, or tither or any of them, fhall not appear agreeable to the condition of fuch recognizance or Recognizances, no remedy is provided for enforcing the payment o£ the fums in which each perfon were f6 to be bound, by means whereof the t)ifeftors, 4e< fame has proved ineffe&ual; be it therefore enacted by the *rho rake hail,	authority aforefaid. That every dire^or of the parifh, or

fhall attend at	watch -Con {table, before whom any fuch recognizance or ie--

cognizances fhall be acknowledged, fhall attend at the hour a!s herein.* of nine ©’clock in the morning, next after the hour any fuch recognizance fhall be acknowledged, at the divifional juftice’s office, in which fuch parifh fhall be, and (hall there attend at leaf! one houi, and deliver fuch recognizance to the divifional juftice, who is hereby required to caufe the parties bound to be diftin&ly called in the hearing and prefence of the director or watch-con (lable, in order that if they appear, fueh director, or watch-conftable Rnay, if neeeffary, identify them to be the parties who acknowledged the fame before him ; and in cafe any of the parties fo bound, (hall fail, or ihake default in appearing, agreeable to the condition of fuch recognizance or recognizances, then and in every fuch cafe the divifional juftice or juftices, fhall mark every fuch default on the back thereof, and fign the fame ; and the dS-re&or or watch conftable before whom the fame was ac-fcrtbwledged, fhall alfo fign his name after fuch divifional juftice, and thereupon the divifional juftice before whom fuch default fhall be n ade, from time to time, are hereby required to deliver every fuch recognizance fo forfeited, to the fecretary or law agent, appointed to the fuperintendant ma-giftrate's office, to be by him lodged with the lord treafurer. Or fecofid remembrancer of his Majefty’s court of exchequer m Ireland, who is hereby required immediately thereupon to iffue procefs, dire&ed to the collet or or collectors forfeited recognizances, in like manner as procefs is, or hath, been heretofore iffued on recognizances, eftreated into hi* Majefty's court of exchequer; and the amount of every fuch recognizance or recognizances when levied, fhall be paid over by the collc&or or coUe&ors of forfeited recognizances

to

Digitized by v^ooQle

7fhe thirty fixth Tear of George III.	357

to the treafurer or receiver of the city of Dublin for the	A. D.

time being, to be by him applied, after payment of the ne-	1 796.

ceflary expenses of recovering the fame^ in aid of the funds Chap. 30. for the fupport and maintenance of the watch, and the re-ceipt or receipts of the fai.d treafurer or receiver for the fame, (hall, from time to time be a fufficient difeharge to the eolledor or colledoi s of forfeited recognizances; and all and every of the diredprg and cojiilabies of the watch appointed, or who (hall at any time hereafter be appointed for the refpedive parilhes, by virtue of the faid ad, within the diftrid of the metropolis, is and are hereby required to make a return to the divifioual juftice’s office in which fuefy pariih (hall be, before the hour of ten o'clock in the fore* noon of each day, of all proceedings had in the watch-houfe or watch-houfes of every fuph pacifh the prec* ding night, fpecitying the najqes of all prifonerg and perfons charged -'during the night, together with the names of the perfons who made the refpedtiye charges, qod the refpedive offences of which each perfon or pei fons were charged 5 and in cafe the diredor or dnedors, watch* conftaUo, or watch-con (tables of any pariih, before whom any Inch recognizance or recognizances (hall be entered, (hall refufe or neglect to attend, and deliver up every fuch recognizance or recogni* j&ances to the magiiirate of tjie divilion as aforefajd, pr iV-dl abfent himfelf or thepifelves from the publick office of the. divifion, during tt^e period they are directed to attend fuck office as a fore fa id, or who (hall negled to fign the endurfe-jnent, or mark of the party or parties, if any, who (halt be defaulters, or who (hall fail or negled to make the return^ of tlie proceedings had in his or their refpedive pariih watch^ houfes as herein before direded, (hall, fin* any fuch neglfd pr default, forfeit the film of bye pounds (lerling, on complaint being made before, the lord mayor of tho city of Dublin, who k hereby required to hear and determine the fame y and on conviction to iff ie his warrant under his Land aiid {eal, for diilrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of the offender; and the fame when levied, (lull, and is liereby directed to be paid to the informer; anti the principal clerk fach of the divifional juilice's offices, where any fuch, caufe • of complaint fhajl arife againft any diredor or watch, con liable, (hall, and he is hereby required to attend the lord mayor on hearing and determining the fameand alfo 011 any fuoh. hearing to produce the book of proceedings bad. in. fuol^ divisional juitice’s office, when the fame fhall be neceflary and* required; and alfa to give evidence a? to the non-attendance of any diredor pr watch-con liable, agreeable to,

S* is ad, provided written notice of fuch hearing (hall be [yed. at the diviiional jufiice’s office, requiring fuch. principal.

Digitized by Google

Offices herein named not to become vacant on death, &c.

The thirty-Jixth Tfar of George III.

cipal clerk’s attendance, twelve hour’s before ^he time appointed by the lord mayor for hearing and determining the fame; and notwithflanding'the faid recited ad, no fee or reward whatfpever, (hall be demanded or taken by any director or watch-con {table of any parifh, on taking any recognizance or recognizances whatfoever, as herein before recited, from any perfon to profeeute or to appear to, and anfvver any charge to be objected againfl him, her, or them.

IX.	And be it enacted, That the offices of fecnetary to the fuperintendaot magiftrate’s office, high con liable, chief conltables, regifler of licenfes and collector of carriage duties, (hall not become vacant by the death, refignation, or re* moval of the prefent fupei intendant magiflrate, or the death, refignation, or removal of any fupei intendant magif-trate,. who fhall, or may hereafter be appointed, by virtue of fa»d ad, but the perfons enjoying fuch offices refpective-}y, at the times of fuch death, refignation, or removal, fhall,. continue to hold the fame offices, without any new appointment, and as if fuch death9 refignation, or removal had not happened.

X.	Whereas it is by the faid recited ad enabled. That if the couit of king’s bench fhall order an attachment againfl any fupcrintendant magistrate, or divifional jtiftice, for mifbehaviour in his office, the perfon fo ordered to be attached, fhall thereupon ceafe. to be fuperintendant magif-trate or divifional jufti'cc? be it‘enaded, That fo much of the faid ad be repealed, arid that fuch attachment fhall not vacate fuch office.

• XI. And whereas the buildings in Charlemont-ftreet, Charlemont-place, and Porto-bello, in the parifii of faint Peter’s, are continued beyond the circular-road, and the perfons refiding therein are defirous of enjoying -the protection afforded by this ad, and by kid v^dted ad; be it enaded, That fo much of ChaiTemdnt-ftrcet, Charleraont-ilreet, &c.asnc8 p|2ce> ancj Porto-bello, as lies between the circular-road and read and grand1 &ran(^ canaU fhall be confidered. as part of the diJtrid of canal, confider- the metropolis, for th£ purpofes of this ad, and of faid reed as part of cited ad ; and that the inhabitants therein refiding, fhall, metropolis, for from tl*me to t;me pay a]j fuch taxes, rates, and affeffments, lurpovs ercin.	novv are^ or hcreafter fhall be impofed upon houfe-

• ' ' Fioldeis inhabiting the parifh of faint Peter’s, within the circular road, and fyall receive like benefit and protection, un. der the regulations of this ad, and of faid recited ad, as perfons refidiog within the circular road now receive, or may hereafter receive.

XII.	And be it enaded, That the parifhesof faint John, faint Michael, and faint Nicholas within, being of jouliex-

; '•+ tcntt

Attachment

of fupei inrend-ant juflice, &c. not to vacate office. '

So much of Charlemont-

1

The thirty-Jtxth Tear of George IH.

tent, and requiring but few watchmen, be, and they* are hereby united as one did rid, for the purpofes of this, ad, but for none other, and that each parifh fhall eled three di-redlors, and that faid union fhall have but one watch-houfe, two chief, and two fub-con {tables; and that it fhall and may be lawful to and foi*the pari(h of faint Peter, on account of its great extent, to eled twelve diredors, and to have two watch-honfes, and to procure and hire four chief, and four fub-con (tables.

XIII,	And be it enacted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the lord mayor, and he is hereby required to convene a meeting of the church-wardens, and diredors of the watch of the feveral parifhes, within ten days after the pafilng of this ad, and on the fecond Monday in Odober, in the prefent and every fucceeding year, for the purpofe of electing a {landing committee, which fhall confilt of the lord mayor for the time being, a church-warden, or diredqr frdm each parifh or diftrid, and to continue in office until the twenty-ninth day of September following, or until another committee fhall be appointed, any five of faid com-, mittee, the lord mayor being always one, to be a quorum ; and that the faid committee fhall have full power f*om time to time, to make fuch bye-laws, rules, and orders, and to alter the fame, and to appoint fuch pecuniary fines and pu-nifhments, for the breach of any of them, by churchwarden, diredor, conftable, or watch-man, as they (hall think nioft conducive, to the good condud of the faid watch ; and the fame fhall be fubmitted to a general meeting of the lord mayor, church-wardens, and diredors, and fhall afterwards be laid before the court of King’s-bench, and that it fhall and may be lawful, to and for the laid committee, or a quorum of them, to'prdvide the neceflary cloathing, arms, and all other nec^ffaries, For the equipment of the conflables and watchmen, and to provide firing, candles* and all articles which fhall or may be wanting to render the'faid watch an 'effectual guard; and that it fhall and nriay be lawful to and for the (aic\ committee, to call before them the different perfons who have, or fhall hereafter be appointed parifh collectors, and require from them an account of what monies they have paid the treafurer, and fhall produce the faid treafurcr’a receipt for the fame ; and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the fttid committee, or quorum of them, to draw bills upon the faid treafurer* for the expences of the watch, in which bills fhall be exprefled, the parifh, and fervices, for difeharge of which they (hall be drawn* and fuch bills fhall not'be liable to, but fhall be difeharged from the payment of any (lamp duty.

XIV* And

Parities of*St, John, St Michael and St. Nicholas within, united for pur^ pofes of this a&, &c. as herein.

Lord mayor to call a meeting of churchwarden*,*^ thi*. and every year, as herein dj-re&ed.

Digitized by Google.

Committee to •left 4 fecretary

at 40I per ami.

Publicans, in whofe houfes watchmen are fouud drinking^ forfeit 4O0. Scq

Church-war-depi to have equal powers with directors

Church-wardens to a0eu in following tpan-Der, &e.

houfef rated at* oruMdtr5l for minifter’s money, I2d.*pcr b du. as hqjyin.

The thirty^fixth Tear of George ITL

XIV.	And whereas a fecretary will be neceflary, for the faid Handing committee, to act as accountant and fecretary; be it enacted, That immediately after the appointment of the faid committee, they (hall proceed to elect a proper per-fon, to ad as accountant and fecretary to the faid churchwardens and diredors, at a (alary not exceeding forty pounds a year, to be paid out of the funds of the watch-eftablifh-ment, and that he (hall enter in a book or books to be kept for that purpofe, an account of all proceedings had or done by faid lord mayor/ church-wardens, and diredors, and faid Handing committee; and of all bills which (hall be drawn upon the treafurer, and of all receipts produced by the feveral pari(h colledors, anj for what parifh and ufq the faid bids were drawn, and that he (hall ilTue fumraonfei fbr all general meetings of the lord mayor, church-wardens, and diredors, and for all meetings of the faid Handing committee ; and in cafe of any improper condud in the faid accountant or fecretary, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid committee, to remove him, and fled another in his room.

XV.	And be it enabled. That any perfon or perfonsfelling beer, ale, or fpirituous liquorr; in w'hofe houfe, (hop, or any other place, any of the faid watchmen (hall be found dfinking, between the hours of fetting the watch in the evening, and leaving their (lands in the morning, (hall foi^ feit the fum of fbrty (hillings, to be recovered by fummons before the lord mayor; and that no perfon felling malt, or fpirituous liquors, be eligible to the office of dire&or.

XVI.	And be it enaded, That ajl powers and authorities, which by the faid recited ad are given to the directors, the like powers and authorities are hereby given to the church-wardens of the feveral and refpedive parities within the faid diftrid, fubjed to the fame reftri&ions as the diredors.

XVII.	And be it enaded, That in order to raife a fund for maintaining* a watch in the feveral parifhes, and places in the faid diftrid, and watch-houfes in the feveral parifhes therein, and for providing clothing, arms, fire, candles, flationary, and all other tiecefTaries, that the churchwardens of the feveral parifhes within the diftrid of the metropolis be enabled to aflefs a' certain rate upon each houfe, ut the faid diflrict, in the following manner; that is* to fey, upon all houfes rated at, and under five pounds for minifter’e money, twelve pence for each pound 5 on all houfes rated from five pounds, and under ten pounds, fifteen pence for each pound; on all houfes rated from ten pounds, to thirty pounds, eighteen pence for each pound; and on all houfes Tated above thirty pounds, two (hillings for each pound;

and

\

Digitized by LjOOQle

The thirtyfixth Tear of George III.

and the like rates upon every houfe within the faid which has not been fo valued, until the fame (hall be To valued ; and the like rate on every houfe not liable to fuch valuation, according to the yearly value of every fuch houfe, to be afcertained by a verdict of a jury.

XVIII. And whereas by the (aid recited act, it is enacted, That from and after the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-five, one act of parliament paffed in the twenty-fixth year of the ieign of his prefent Majefty, entitled, An a3 for the letter execution of the law within the city of Dublin, and certain parts adjacent thereto, and for quieting and proteding pojfejfwns within this kingdom, for the more expeditious tranfportation of felons, for reviving, continuing, and amending certain Jlatutes therein mentioned, and for repealing an ad pajjcd in the feventeenth and eighteenth years of tpe reign of his prefent Majejly, entitled. An a3 for improving the police of the city of Dublin ; and alfo one other act of parliamenf, paired in the twenty-eighth year of his"'prefent Majefty’s reign, entitled, An a3 for rendering more cffcdpal an aff> potted in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majtjly George the third, entitled. An a3 for the better execution of the law within the city of Dublin, and certain parts adjacent thereto, and for quieting and prote3ing pojfejfions within thh kingdom, and for the more expeditious tranfportuition of felons, for reviving, continuing^ and amending certain fatvtes therein mentioned, and for repealing an d3 paffed iff the feventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign of his prefent Majejly, entitled, An aft for improving the police of the city of Dublin, and fur other purpofes, and each of them, fo far as they, or cither of them relate to the police of the city of Dublin, or any part adjacent to it, are thereby repealed, fave only fuch parts of the faid acts as repeal any acts of parliament theretofore paffed, by means whefcof the powers and authorities granted by law to the commiflioners of police, and divifionaj juftices for regulating the bufin^fs of a pawnbroker, ceafed and determined, and no power or authority is given to any perfon or perfons, to execute the powers and authorities qf the qommiflionera of police, and divifion^l jufticesj, appointed under and by virtue of faid recited acts, for regulating t^e bufinefs of a pawnbroker, within the diftrict of the metropolis of the city of Dublin^ or within three miles thereof; be it therefore enacted, That all powers and authorities granted to the commiflioners of police, in and by an act of parliament, paffed in the twenty-eighth year of his prefent* Majefty reign, entitled. An ad to explain, amend, and render mere (fie dual an a3, paffed in the twentyfixth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, King George the third, entitled, An a3 to *	.	^	*	cfiabhlk

361

K D.

1796-

Chap. 39.

r"



The thirtyfixth Tear oj George JII.

Power* by Odd ftit, veiled in div. juftice* of police, are hereby veiled in div. juilicet, nor northern and

efabTifh the bufinefs of a pawn-broker, and to authorize fiich per-Jons as Jhall be duly qualified to carry on the famey and to lend money on pawns or pledges, and to receive interejl at a higher rate thau heretofore was recoverable by law, for licenling pawnbrokers, and approving of their fureties, and alfo for hearing and determining complaints, and for hearing and determining appeals from the judgment or adjudication of any other magiftrate, fhall, from and immediately after the pafling of this ad be, and the fame are in all and every cafe whatfoever, refpe&ing and relating to the bufinefs of a pawnbroker, hereby veiled in the fuperintendant magiilrate pf the diflrid of the metropolis, appointed from time to timei, and all and ftngular the powers and authorities by the faid recited ad, granted to the divifior*$| juftices of police, (hall, and the fame are in like manner, and in all and every cafe Tvbatfoever, refpeding the bufinefs of a pawnbroker, hereby veiled in the divifional juftices, appointed for the northern and fouthern divifions of the’diftridl of the mc-

fouthern divifi. on*.

Pawn-broker* to produce goods, and books on demand, to fup. magiftrate, Sec.

tropolis, or either of them, for the time being, from time to time.	'

XIX. And be it enaded, That sfc and every perfon, ading as a pawnbroker, within the clifirid of the tnctropo-lis, or within the county of Dublin, (hall, at all fcafonable times fiiew, and produce on demand to the fuperintendant magiftrate, or divifional juflice, or juflices, high conllable, or chief conllable ading, or appointed for the dillrid bf the metropolis, all and *very article or articles of goods or chattels, in 1*18, or her pofiefiion, or which he or (he fiiall, Or may have received in pawn, and dial! alfo produce, and (hew his, or her book, in which he or (lie fhall have entered a defeription of the article or articles taken in pawn, by liim, or her ; and as often as it fhall be found, that any goods oi chattels that have been (lolen, or fraudulently obtained, (hall be in the pofiefiion of any pawnbroker, fuch pawnbroker, if refiding within the dillrid of the metropolis, or within the county of Dublin, as aforefaid, is hereby required on being informed fuch goods or chattels were flolen or fraudulently obtained, to depofite the fame with the fuperintendant magiftrate, for the time being, in order that fuch goods or chattels may be reftored to the owner thereof, or be produced by the faid fuperintendant magiftrate or his fecretary, on the trial or trials of the offender or offenders, who felonioufiy or fraudulently obtained the fame, where the produftion of fuch goods or chattels (hall be ne-ceflary for the ends of publick juftice ; and all and every perfon a6ting as a pawnbroker, who (hall not produce and (hew the feveral articles, goods, or chattels, ki his or her poffef-iion, which he or (he (hall have received as a pawn or pawns, 2	pledge

Digitized by

Google

The thirty-jixth Tear of George [IT.

3*3,

A4 D.

‘796-Chap. 30.

pledge or pledges, inftantly or with all convenient diCpateb, on being required io to do by the fuperintendant magiftrate, or by one of the divisional jultices, or by the high-conftable, or chief-conftables as aforefaid ; or who fhall not inftantly^ or with all convenient difp&tch, deliver to the fuperintendant magiftrate for the time being, any ftol$n goods, or goods that have been fraudulently obtained, that any fuch pawnbroker may have taken in pawn, on being required fo to do, fuch pawnbroker fhall for every fuch offence upon convidion before any j 11 (lice of the peace, ading within his jurisdiction, forfeit the fum of fifty pounds, to be levied out of the goods and chattels of every fuch offender; fa id fum when levied, firft deducting thereout the neceffary expences of levying the fame, fhall be paid to the faid treafurer or receiver of the city of Dublin, to be applied by him towards the maintenance of the watch ; and the juflice before whom fuch complaint fhall be made againft any pawnbroker re* fufing to produce ot* fhew any pledge or pledges in his pof* fertion, or to fhew the book or books in which he fhaHhavc entered an exad description thereof, as aforefaid, is hereby required to ifTue a fearch warrant under his hand and feal, to fearch the houfe or ftore-houfe of any filch pawn-broker fo offending, for the goods charged to have been flolen; and if any flolen goods or chattels on fuch fearch fhall be found therein, every fuch pawn-broker fhall forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds, to be recovered and levied in manner laft mentioned.

XX.	And be it enaded, That in cafe any perfon or per-fons who (hall hereafter be convided before the lord mayor vided beforej of the city of Dublin, or any other magiftrate ading in his l°rd mayor, &c.

9	9 v	'	o	^	#	mav	appeal

jurifdidion, of any of the offences under this ad, fhall think herein/ him1 or themfelves aggrieved by fuch convidion, then and in every fuch cafe, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch perfon or perfons refpedively, to appeal to the next feifions of the peace fo be holden for the county within which filch offence fhall have been committed ; giving to* the juftice or jultices beforfe whom fuch convidion fhall be, fix days no- . tice at the lea ft, of his or their intention to prefer fuch appeal ; and entering into a recognizance with fufficient Sureties to. abide fuch order as the court fhall make; and on every fuch appeal, the juftices at fuch feflions, upon proof being made by the party fo appealing, of his having given fuch notice as aforefaid, and entering into fuch recognizance as aforefaid, fhall and may, and they are hereby authorized to proceed to the hearing and final determination of the matter of the faid appeal, and to make fuch order therein, and award fuch coils to be paid by and to either party, as

.	*	th«y

Perfons con-

Digitized by (^.ooQle

3,^4	The	fd^y-fixth Tear of George III.

A. D. they in their diferetion (hall think fit; which (aid older 1796* (hall lie binding and cortclufive upon aQ parties.

Chap. 30. XXI. And be it farther ena&ed by the authority afore* (aid, That this ad be deemed and confidered as a publick Apnbiickad. and (hail be judicially taken notice of as fuch, without the fame being fpeciaUy pleaded.

CHAf. XXXI.

An AS for d'fcontinuing the Judgment which has been required • by Law to be given againft Women conviffed of certain crimes, and fubjl'ituting another Judgment in lieu thereof

Preamble.	HE	REAS if is expedient that the judgment which

* * has been required by law to be giyen and awarded sgainft any vyoman or women in the cafes of high treafon, or of petit treafon, (hould be pq longer continued 5 he it therefore cna&cd by the Kingte moft excellent Majtfty, by and with the advice and content of the loeds fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament afieipbled, arid by from 1 June, the authority of the fame. That from and after the firll day 1796, women of June, ont tfroufond (even hundred and ninety*fix, the conviaed of judgment to be given and awarded againft any wqman ox €rc.(hall be* ^on,(I1 Qpnvi&ed of the criipc of high treafou, or of the hanged inftead crime of petit treafon, or of abetting, procuring, ox couq? ©(being burned, felling any petit1 treafon, (hall not be that fuch woman or women (hall be fcverally drawn to the pku;e o£ execution^ and be there burned to death, frut that ftich woman oi wo* men being fo convi&ed as aforefaid, (hall he feverally drawn to the platje of elution and be there hanged by the neck, until dje or they be feverally dead, any law or ufqgc to th£ contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding, -Women eon- II* And be it further ena&ed fry tfre authority aforefaid, ▼i&ed of petit That if any woman or women (hall be convi&ed of tb£ feSfra* fC c^me <°f Petft treafon, or of abetting, procuring, or couii-fied in^i^Geo. frying any petit treafon, then and in every fuch cate frefr ^ for prevent- woman or won^n (hall be fubje& and liable to fuch further tug murder. pains and penalties as are particularly fpecifred and, declared with refpe& to perfons convi&cd of wilful murder, in an a& pafted in this kingdom, in the tfrirty-firfr year of the reign of his prefent Majcfty, erjitilled, Ai\ aQ to prevent the hortid, crime of murder and to repeal an aS pafffd in the tenth yeaf if. King Henry thefeventb, entitled, Aj\ aS to rnahe murder of malice prepenfed treafon ; and for repeating an. aS made in the ninth year of Queen Avne, entitled, An aS' fir bringing an appeal in cafe of murder, notwithftanding the Jlatute of King

Digitized by Google

*Tht thirty-/!xth Tedr of George Til.

Henry the feventh whereby murder is made high treafon ; and the court before whom any fuch woman or women (hall be convi&ed, (hall pafs fentcnce at fuch time, and (hall give fuch orders with refpcft to the time of execution, the dif-pofal of the convi&’s body after execution, and all fuch other matters and things as are dire&ed to be given by tht faid a&, with refpe& to perfons convi&ed of wilful murder.

III.	And be it further ena&ed, That if on the firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-fix, any wdmati or women having been convi&ed of the crime of high treafon* or of the crime of petit treafon, (hall have had Judgment to be burned to death, the execution of which fcntence (hall then remain \o be done, it (hall and may be lawful for the then lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, if he or they (hall think proper,'by warrant under his or their hand and feal to alter fuch fentence, and to order inftead thereof, that fuch woman or women fo attainted as aforefaid, (hall in execution of the faid judgment be hanged by the neck until (he or they be feverally dead, any law to the contrary thereof not-withftanding.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That whenever any woman or women (hall be convi&ed of the crime of high treafon, or of the crime of petit treafon, or of abetting, procuring, or counfelling any petit treafon, and judgment (hall be given thereon, according to the directions of this a&, then, and in every fuch cafe, fuch woman or women being fo attainted of fuch crimes refpe&ively, (hall be fubje& and liable to fuch ar.d the like forfeitures, and coiruption of blood, as they feverally would have been in cafe they had been feverally attainted of the like crimes before the palling of this a&.

CHAP.



A: D.

1796. Chap. 3.»

If any woman fentcnced to be burned, and (hall not be executed on « Tunc, 1796, lord lieutenant may order fuch woman to be hanged.

Women con-vi6Ved of high or petit treafon, and judgment being palTed on fuch, (hall be liable to forfeitures, See.

Digitized by L^ooQLe

*thc thirtyfxth Tear of George III.



A. D]

i796.

CHAP. XXXII.

jin A& to amend an Aft, pajfed in the Fifteenth ahd Sixteenth Tears of His Majejly*s Reign, entitled, An A3 to prevent

\1I7HEREAS by an ad parted in this kingdom, in the * * fifteenth and fixteenth years of his Majdty’s reigri, entitled, An a3 to prevent and puni/b tumultuous rifings of per-fans within this kingdom, and for other purpofes therein mentioned / it is enaded, That perfons receiving injury: aud damage, as therein mentioned, in their perfons, habitations, poffeflions, property, goods or chattels, may fne for and

to recover fetis- recover fatiafadion and amends for the injury, lofs, or da-fi&ioo at next mage incurred or fuffered, at the next aflizes for the county

where fuch offence was committed, in manner as therein di-reded : s^ud whereas aflizes are never holden in the county of Dublin, or county of the city of Dublin, and therefore

Errfons fnftaining fuch injuries, Ioffes and damages in the id counties, in manner mentioned in the faid recited ad, are, and have been without the remedy intended for them by the faid ad: for remedy thereof, be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and ttonfent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons its this prefent parliament artembled, and by the authority of the fame, That all perfons who, by virtue of the faid recited ad, would be entitled to receive fatisfadion and amends for fuch injuries and*damages within the county of Dublin, and county of the city of Dublin, by preferment of the grand juries of the faid counties refpedively, fhall and nlay, at the next prefenting term in the KingVbencb, after the offence committed, by exhibiting to the faid court of KingVbench, fuch petition as is by the faid recited ad

•f the faid recited- ad ; and in examining, direding, and ading on fuch petition, the court of King’s bench fhall have and exercifethe fame authority, as is by the faid recited afct given to the judge or judges of aflize; and the grand juries of the faid two counties are hereby required to make preferments upon fuch petitions refpedively, in like manner as the grand juries at aflizes are by the faid ad required to make preferments in their counties.

andpunijh tumultuous Ri/ings of Perfons within this Kingdom, and for otheV Purpofej therein mentioned.

required to be exhibited to the judge or judges of aflize, have compenfatiou made to them for fuch lofs or damages, as they jhall refpedively have fultained, within the meaning

C H A P.

Tbi thirty fixlh Year of George III.

CHAP. XXXIIt.

3^7

A# D. 1796.

An AS to further explain and amend an Ad pajfed in the Thir- Amended ty-third Tear of His Mojcjly’s Reign, entitled. An Ad for emending &nd reducing into one Ad of Parliament, the Laws 0	^

relating to the Militia of Ireland : and alfo an AS faffed rtl ' the Thirty-fifth Tear of his Majejly*s Reign, entitled, An Ad to explain and amend an Ad pajfed in the Thirty third Tear of His MajeJly's Reign, entitled. An Ad for amend* ing and reducing into one Ad of Parliament, the Laws re* lating to the Militia of Ireland•

‘Ty^'HEREAS doubts have arifen, whether any officer Preamble ▼ ▼ ferving in the militia, and holding a com million in any of his Majefty’s other forces, may fit upon any court-martial, upon the trial of any officer or private man of the militia, or upon the trial of any officer or private man in any f f his Majefty’s other forces: be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s molt excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and •onfent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament afTembled, and by the authority of the fame, That any officer ferving in the militia, and at the	officers

lame time holding a commiffion in any of his Majefty’s who hold corn-forces, may fit upon fuch courts martial refpe&ively; and miffions in other that no trial or fentence by a court-martial, in which any ^cmlitsmir-efficer or officers ferving in the militia, and at the fame time gcc< holding a commiffion or commiffions in any of his Majefty’s other forces have fat, (hall be queftioned or invalidated, by reafon of fuch officer or officers, fo holding more than one commiffion, having fat thereon.

II.	And be it ena&ed, That the acceptance by any of- When militia ficcr of the militia in this kingdom, except the colonel, of officers, except any commiffion in any of his Majefty’s other forces, fhall, c°l°nck» accept from the date of fuch commiffion fo accepted, abfolutely va- othe™forc!»,m cate any commiffion fuch officer may hold in the militia forces their coramiP-

- of this kingdom.	fions in militia

III.	And whereas by the lad of the faid recited afts it ‘haUbe v*clted-is enabled, That every lieutenant-cplonel-commaodant in Hi® M*jefty the militia, at the time of paffing the faid adfc, fhould be a

colonel, and fhould rank as fuch from the date of his com- herein. *

• million as lieu tenant-colon el-commandant: be "it ena&ed.

That it fhall and may be lawful for bis Majefty to grant commiffions accordingly to fuch officers who were lieutenant-colonels-commandant at the fame time, and likewife to grant	:

like cemtuiffioa* to every officer tfho hwlihee the faid time

been

Digitized by

His Majefty tnay order commanding officers to difplace officers under them, *c.

Clsufe In re-atted a€t has been iu convenient in county Sligo.

Doubts have mrifen hew ap-plotmentt should be made in parts of ce. Dublin under sfiefTment of jsving board}

The thirty-fixth Tear of George lit.

been Appointed a lieutenant-colonel-commandant of any regiment or battalion of militia; giving rank from the time of fuch appointment ; dad td appoint colonels to command each regiment Or battalion of militia, which on the firft embodying of the militia, was commanded by a lieutenant-colonel commandant, on any vacancy which may hereafter happen ih the command of any fuch regiment or battalion; and fuch colonels fo appointed, fhrll reipedively receive the pay of their rank, if his Majefty (hall pleafe to authorize the fame.

IV.	And be it enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful for his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, from time to time, as he or they (hall think fit, to (ignify his or thdr pleafure to the colonel or lieutenant-colonel-commandant, on major-commandant of any regiment or battalion of militia, to difplace all or any officer of militia fervitig under him in fueh regiment or battalion ; and to the governor or governors of any county, or county of a city, to difplace all or ahy deputy governors thereof > and upon fuch fignificati-on of his or their pleafure, the fame (hall be difplaced accordingly.

V.	And whereas the claufe m the faid recited ad, which enads, that where any parifh (hall be in two or more counties, the inhabitants of fuch parifh (hall ferve in the militia of that county wherein the church, or feite of the church belonging to (aid parifh is fituated, has been found, in the county of Sligo, inconvenient and detrimental to the militia fervice; be it enaded, That from and after the paffing of this ad, the governor or governors, and deputy-governors of faid county, (hall, on their firft general-meeting, comprize fuch part of faid parifh as is fituated within their own county, into fuch diftrid or fub-divifion as is. mod convenient for the purpofes of carrying this ad into execution; and the conftable or conftables of fuch diftrid or fub-divifion, (hall forthwith return the names of the inhabitants of the part of faid parifh which lies within their own county, to the bed of their knowledge and abilities, and which have not before been returned, to the next fub-divifional meeting, in order that the ballot may be made in (aid county from lifts made accordingly.

VI.	And whereas by reafon of certain diftrids in the county of Dublin being extra-parochial, and alfo, becaufe certain parts of the faid county have been put under tbe regulations and afleflments of the paving board, and are thereby exonerated from paying grand jury cefs for the repair of the highways in the faid county, doubts have arifen in what manner the applotments fhould be made, or the fums levied for the raffing the number of men allotted to fuch diftrids

4	and

^"7^ - ^Digitized by Google

*The thirtyJixth Tt;ar of Geoige III.

Und places, to ferve as fubftitutes in the militia of the faid county : And whereas an arrear of the film payable by law for that purpofe, has accrued thereby ; be it enacted, for the purpofe of colle64ing the faid arrears, -that ir> purfuance •f the warrants delivered by'the treafurer of the faid county, an arrear has to the collector or collectors of fuch diftricts or places, it accruedthercl>f| fhall and may be lawful for the faid colledtor or colledtors, C*M xcnWlk and they are hereby required to deliver to the fenefchal of the manor, if any fuch there be, or if not, to any one principal refiding inhabitant, a copy of the faid warrant, together with a notice requiring the laid fenefchal, or principal refiding inhabitant, to call a meeting within three days of the tirlie of ferving faid notice, of fuch perfons within fuch difc tridf or place, who would be entitled to compofe a veltry, if any fuch there were, and to direct them to appoint ap-,plotters to applot on the whole of fuch diltridt or place, whether under the regulations of the paving board, or not, the fum fo required to be levied by faid warrant, and to return the faid applotment within ten days from the date of faid notice, to the faid colledtor; and in cafe the faid fe-nefchal, or principal refiding inhabitant, fhall neglect or re-Fufe fo to db, or that the perfons fo fummoned lhall not have the applotment made and delivered to the colledtor within the aforefaid time, then, in either of fuch calcs, it fhall and may be lawful for the (aid colledtor to make fuch applotment himfelf, and to verify the fame by oath, before mny magistrate of faid county, that the fame was made to the belt of his (kill and knowledge; and that it fhall and tt»ay be lawful for the faid collector or collectors, to levy the fame by diltrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of thi perfons liable to pay the faid affeifments, whether the applotment fhall have been made by the perfons appointed at fuch meeting, or by the colledtor himfelf; and in cafe tin* colledtor or fenefchal, or principal refiding inhabitant, lhall refufe or negledl to perform all and every matter required hereby, they fhall each of them be fubjeCt to a penally of «ne hundred pounds, to be recovered in any of his Majeity's courts of record ; the faid penalty to paid over to the agent of the county of Dublin regiment, to be applied to th« ftock-purfe thereof. N

VTl. Provided always, That if it lhall appear fitting to ttoyertiori.

.	J J ' .	c r J	&	may aired* col-

the governors and deputy-governors of faid county, at a ic^or to jevy a|

board afTembled, fo to do, they may, by writing under the two periods, at

hands of any three or more of them, diredt the collector of i*im-sco. ccfsi*

the diftridt or place, to divide the fum fo applotted, to be leTicd>

levkd at two dillindt periods within the year, fuch periods

to be regulated according to the times that the county cefs

is ufually collected and levied 5 and in cafes where houfes or

buildings have bccu Cie&ed on the whole or any part of the

You, X	4*	*	fartrsd

Digitized by L,ooq ie

87®

A. D,

1796.

ftouhti whfr-ther j$G. y are of force where general Sntcting* were toot hod in 4 days, &c;

The thiriy-Jtxth Tesr of George Itti

frveral pariihes, diftrt&s er places m the (aid county, which have been laid out for building of ftrecU, fqutrea, lanes, alleys, or pubbek paffages, the mpplotters, or the cofte&er, as the cafe may be, are hereby required to applot a proportionable part of the fum to be cohered for the Csad purpofe, on the faid ho tiles and buildings, at a rate not exceeding two (hillings for every five pounds that they may eftimatc the faid houfes or buildings to be worth aonuaHy.

VIII.	And whereas doubts have arifen, whether the pm® vifions of the faid recited aft of the thirty-fifth of his prefect Majefty, for augmenting the militia of this kingdom, are of force, or can be earned into execution in fitch counties, countief of cities and towns wherein general meetings were not held within four dap after the palling of the fame : be it ena&ed, That tlic provifions of the hud recited a6b for Augmenting of. the militia, (hall be deemed and taken to be in force in fuch counties, counties of cities, and towns, if fuch general meetings (hall have been held at any other time thaq within the £aid foUr days, and the fame (hall be carried into accordingly, under the penalties therein mentioned* although general meetings (hall not have been in the firms within .four days after palling tile fiud recited a£t; and that tvhere no fuch general meeting has been held, it may be held at any time after the fading of this a£t, and (hall b« cffcdhul, lo all intents and purpofes, fpr carrying the faid aGt into execution, as if it bad been held within the time preferibed by the faid adfc:

CHAP- XXXtV.

An Ad to male perpetual the Laws for preventing Frauds tom« *	m it ted by Bankrupts ; alfo an Ad for providing d Mainte-

nance for Parifb CleYks; and for continuing certain other Temporary Statutes.

^TTHEREAS the fever*! temporary ftafutes herein af-* ^ ter mentioned, are found to be of general ufe, and fit to he continued ; be it cnaft< d by tbe King’s moft excellent Majerty, bv and with the advice and confent of the lords fpi-r=tual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame* That an aft 5th Geo. 3. puffed in the fifth year of the reign of his late Majefty King made perpetual- (George the fecund, entitled, An ad for the better regulation gufatioti and government of ftamtn in tJ/c merchants fervice*

>

Thtt thiriyfixth Tear of George I1L lUui Wbicb ha* been continued by feveral ftatuteS, be, and

A. D.

*796-

S71

the fame is hereby made perpeti

^11. And be it enafted, That an aft patted in the thirty- Chap. 54. third year of the reign of his late Majefty King George the V	/,

fccona, entitled, An ad foY reviving and amending an ad Tythe a & faffed m the tnventy-tlArd Tear of his prefent Majejly's reign, 33 Entitled, An ad for mending, continuing, and making more	23

effcdual the feveral a3s no*u) of force in this kingdom, for the q 3. &c. mad* more eafy recovery of tythes aid other ccclejiajlical dues of fttiall perpetual. value, and alfo, for the more eafy providing a maintenance for pari/h clerks, fo far only as the fame relates to the more eafy providing a maintenance for parifll clerks^ and to encourage the building of new churches, arid which has fince been continued by feveral ftatiites, be, and the fame is hereby made perpetual.

III.	And be it enafted, That an aft pafled in the ele- Bankrupt a<5U

Venth, and twelfth years of his prefent Majefty, entitled, HanduG. 3. An ad to prevent frauds committed hy bankrupts, and alfo, an J?**	2,0

hft pafTed in the nineteenth and twentieth years of his prefent * ^

Majefty, entitled, Art ad to explain an ad, entitled. An ad

to prevent frauds committed by bankrupts, and alfo an aft pafled

in the feventeenth and eighteenth years of his prefent Ma-

jefty, entitled, An ad to eteclude traders from the benefit of an alfo 17 and rS

1Id, entitled, Ah ad to prevent frauds tonmiitted by bankrupts G. 3 ior cx-

•wbo do not keep rtgijler books of accounts, and for continuing

the faid lav)) and for other purpofes, fo far as the fame has net keep books, See.

been altered by an aft pafTed in the thirtieth year of his fo far as not a!-*

prefent lYlajefty* for repealing certain claules in the faid aft, ttred by 30

all which afts have beeyi fince continued, be, and the fame are 3*

hereby made perpetual.

IV.	And be it enafted, That an aft pafTed in the cle- n and it Venth and twelth years of his prefent Majefty, entitled, An

met for the further preventing delays of jvjlice, by reafon of ** crcl privilege of parliament, and which have been continued by feveral temporary ftatiites, be further continued to the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufarid eight hundred, and to the end of the then next feflion of parliament.

V.	And be it enafted, That ati aft pafled in the feven- 17 and teenth and eighteenth ycar9 of the reign of hifc prefent Ma- 3*

Jelly, entitled, An act to authorif for a limited lime, the pu- dcTs^o-miausd ni/bmen', by hard labour, of offendert, who for certain crimes, as herein. are or Jhall become liable to be trarfported to any of his Ma-jejlyys dominions or plantations, and which hath fince been continued, be further cont nucd to the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand eight hundred, and to the cud of the then next, feflion of parliament*

A a 2

VI Aud

Chalking a <51 17 and 18 G. 3. continued at herein.

19 and 10

G 3. for explaining 8 Anne, &cc, as herein.

thirtyfixth Tear of George III.

VI.	And be it enabled, That an aft pafTed in the feveo-teenth and eighteenth years of his prefent Majefly, entitled, An act for continuing and amending an act paffed in the fourteenth year of his prefent Majefly, entitled, An act to prevent malicious cutting and wounding, and to punijh offenders called chalkert, be continued ip the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand eight hundred, and to the end of the then next fef-fion of parliament.

VII.	And be it enafted, That an aft pafTed in the nineteenth and twentieth years of his prefent Majefly, entitled, An act for explaining an act made in the eighth year of her late Maf jly queen Anne, entitled, An act for explaining and amending an ad to prevent the further growth of popery, fo far only as the fame makes a provifion for the maintenance of popifli priefls, converted to the proteflant religion, together with the provifoes and additions made in and by the flatute of the thirtieth year of his prefent Majefly, entitled. An aS for continuing certain temporary Jlatutes, be continued to the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand eight hundred, and to the end of the then next feffion of parliament.

VIII. And be it enafted, That an aft pafTed in the thirty-third year of his prefent Majefly, entitled, An ad for

tinued a* herein. rijLll!fling regulations ref pc ding aliens arriving in this kingdom, or refulcnl therein, in certain cafes, anelfubjeds of this kingdom, who have ft rved or are fencing in foreign armies, and which has fince been continued, be further continued to the firfl day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feven, and to the end of the theu next feffion of parliament.

IX.	And be it enafted, That an aft paffed in the thirty-fifth year of his prefent Majefly, An ad for regulating the baling traik, be continued to the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feven bundled and ninety-feven, and to the end of the then next feffion of parliament.

X.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That* claufc in an aft paffed in the feventeenth and eighteenth yean of his prefent Majefly, entitled. An act for reviving and eon* tinning feveral temporary Jlatutes,' whereby it is made felony, without La; ft of clergy, in any perfon whether pr if oner or otherwife, who jhall by force break gaol with intention io enlarge any prifoner, which claufe hath been fince continued, be further continued to the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand eight hundred, and to the end of the then next feffion of parliament.

Allens a&, 5;, G. 3. co:i

aA,

Bald i G. continued herein.

Claufc* in 17 and 18 G. C«*ni nucd as lure,a.

CHAP.

DigitizecTby Google

The thirtyfixth Tear of George III*

CHAP. XXXVI.

373 A. D.

An Ad for the more ejfcEhiaUy keeping the Publick Roads in Repair by Contrad,

WHEREAS by an a6l patted in the twentieth year of Recital ao

his prcfentMajelly’s reign, entitled, In empower

grand juries to contract for keeping the publick roads in repair, jurjes to con-

the grand juries of the fcveral counties, counties of cities, and traft for keep-

counties of towns, (except the county of Antrim, and the ingroads

county of the city of Dublin,) at each affixes, are authoriz- repair, ** 11	,	• '	o	herein,

ed and empowered to enter into any contract or agreement

for keeping any part or proportion of the public roads of their refpeclive couqties theretofore made or repaired by preferment, or thereafter to be made or repaired by preferment, in fufficient repair, for any time^not exceeding feven years, provided fuch contraft fhould not exceed the. fum of three-pence by the year, for each plantation mea-fure : and whereas the faid fum of three pence by the perch,, fo provided by the faid recited a6t, has been found by experience, to be inadequate for the purpofes thereby intended, and it would tend much to the advantage of the publick, and be the means of lettening the annual county taxes throughout the kingdom, if the refpeclive grand juries were empowered „to prefent a fufficient film for keeping the publick roads, ufually repaired by preferment, in repair by annual contract; be it therefore enacted by the King’s molt excellent .Viajetty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this preferit parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the patting of this a6t, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the refpeCtive grand juries throughout this kingdom, at any affixes to be held within their refpe&ivc counties in each year, to contra61 with, and enter into any agreement or agreements with any perfon or perfons, for the purpofe of effectually keeping in repair all fuch part or parts of\ the publick roads, which have been heretofore ufually made or repaired by preferment, for any term or time, not exceeding the term of feven years, to be computed from the date of fuch contra6t, in fuch manner and form, as by, the faid recited a6t is mentioned; and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch grand juries, within their re-fpedtive counties, at any one affixes within the year, to prefent any fum or fums of money to be raifed and paid to fuch, contra&or and contra6tors, not exceeding in the whole the

fup^

- Digitized by Google

No coutra<5t entered into un« left fworn as herein,

The tbbrtyfixtb Ytar of George lit.

fam of fix pence annually, by the perch, for each and every perch, plantation meafure, of fuch road or roads, as fuch perfon or perfons fh.tll fo contract for.

II.	And be it cnadted, That no fuch contradfc (hall be en* tered into with any perfon, unlcfs an affidavit, fworn by two credible perfons who can read and write, before one juibce of the peace for fuch county, (hall b$ laid before the grand jury, to the following effedt, videlicet:

A^davit. feat any fura or fqms of money to be raifed and paid to fuch County of \ Ay B. of	and	C. D. of	-both

to, wit, f in faid County, do /wear* that toey boot lately view* id and mtafyred	perches of the road	from

to	beginning at	in	the	town-land	tf

and ending at	m the town-land tf	dd

ifi the bafony (or haf-barony,) cf	in this county,	and

that) to the be/ of their belief and judgment,faid	perches

of faid road cannot be keft infujficient order and repair far a lef. fer fum than	by the year for each perch.

Contra!* to remove nui-fe'ncei, See.

III.	And be it further ena&ed. That all and every perfon and perfons who (hall enter into any contraft for keeping the faid roads in repair, (hall have all fuch powers and autho^ rities to abate or remove nuifances upon all or any part of fiich roads as by law is now yefted in any peace &r civil offi. cer whatever, fo long as fuch perfon or perfons (hall conti* nue to becontradtor orcontradtors for keeping fuch road or roads in repair \ provided that no contra&or or contractors for the keeping of fuch road or roads in repair, (hall be entitled to receive any fum or fums fo prefented, until one of the contracting parties (hall have fubferibed and taken the following affidavit, before two of the next reficfcnt noagif. trates to (aid road, videlicet.

Affidavit.

/ A. B one of the contractors for keeping in repair perches cf the road leading ftwm	.to

between and tn *be barony for half-barony, as the aft may be) of	in	this	county, do fwear, that the faid

Perches, and every fart thcecof, have been kept m good and/efficient repair and conditwofince the la/ held in and for the faid county of	and that	the	faid

perches, ana every part thereof, art now in good andfuficient ns* pair and condition / and that the fame and every part thereof art twenty-one feet wide in the clear, at the lea/I^ cxcfufivt of drums x and fences, and that thf faid

perches, and every part (hereof have been, and now qre free from ad obfiru&ons or nuifances whatever to impede

' / .	’	ff

Digitized by v^ooQle

/

The thiNyflxtb Year of George III.

*r peremSU pafeitgtrs or carriages figm travelling qn tie

Jitm*

IV.	Provided that nothing herein anitamed, (hall be deortied or taken to extend to tjie counties of Dublin, Mayo, jjntt Galway.

G H A P. XXXVII.

Aft AS to explain and amend an AS paffed in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of fits' prefent MajefyV Reign* entitled, An Act fir the better Regulation of the Silk M*i nufaeture,

WHEREAS by *n a& paffed in the nineteenth and andaoO, 3?

twentieth years of his prdent IV^ajefty’s reign, en- chip. 24. titled) An act for the better regulation of the Jtlk manufaeture, wages of jour* it is * artongft other things cna&ed, That the Wagt* and mrynten filk prices for work of the journeymen filk weavers within the weavers to be dty of Dublin, and the adjacent liberties, for the dtftance of two miles and an half round from the cattle of Dublin, fhall n^utjoned, be regulated, fettled and declared by the Dublin fociety, who are thereby authorized and empowered, from time tto time, upon application being made to them for that purpofe, to fettle, regulate, or^er and declare the wages and prices of work of the journeymen filk weavers, working within the 9 limits aforefaid ; and (kali and may, within the {pace of fourteen days next after the making every fuch order, caufe the _ fame to be printed and publifhed, at the reafonable ex pence of the peribn or perfons applying for the fame, three times

jn any two newfpapers ptiblrfked in Dublin ; which publiea-	f

thm (hall be deemed and allowed to be fufficient notice and publication thereof $ and from and after publication thereof, aH matter filk wearers, and their journeymen, are thereby ftri&ly required to obferve the fame : and whereas doubt9 have been entertained, whether under the faid recited claufe, it be ueeefiary to print and publifh the whole of the fevctal wages and prices of the different forts and denominations of Work, or only the order fo to be made by the faid Dublin fociety generally j and whereas the printing and publifting of the whole of the feveral wages, and prices of the different forts and denominations of work, would be attended with charges and espences extremely burthenfome to the matters and journeymen filk weavers of the city of Dublin, and thereby the intention of the faid recited a& would be in a great meafare frwdrated ; be ft therefore enadfed by

Wot to extend to Dublin, &c.

d v ta







A. D.

] ubliihinj^ the Order of the Dublin fociety, as herein mentioned, fitfli-cicur.

JReciteH continued a*

hrrein.

A public a<ft.

The thirty -fix ih Tear of George ITfl

the King’s molt excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiti^ual and temporal and commons iu tins prefent parliament afleinbltd, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the palling of this acf, the printing and publi(hing, in manner as in the faid a& is direct'd, of the order fo to be made by the Dublin fociety, is, and (hall be deemed fufficient, without publifhing therewith the feveral wages and prices of the different forts and denominations of work; provided that a fchedule or lifl of fuch wages and prices (hall neverthelefs be printed, for the information of all parties concerned, and fhall be hung up in the Dublin fociety houfc ; which the faid fociety are hereby authorized and required to have printed, and hung up as aforc-faid, at the reafonable expence of the perfon or perfons applying for the fame.

II.	And be it enaCed, That the faid recited aC (hall be continued to the firil day of Auguft, which will be in the year one thoufand eight hundred, and to the end of the then next enfuing feffion of parliament.

III. And be it further enafted, That this aC ihall be deemed, adjudged and taken to be a publick aC, and be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, juitices, and other perfons, without fpecially pleading the feme.

CHAP. XXXVIII.

Sheriffs. " c. authorized to

f fart n ivcv us of diflr1 fs 'nr rent, ftu'l t ke a bond, *Vc. afeerta nrd by oath,5cc. coq-<hti' ntd as herein.

ji% Act to prevent Vexatious Replevins, of Jpiftrffcs taken far Rent,

WHEREAS the law’s now in force are inefficient to prevent vcxacious replevins of diftrefles taken for rent : for remedy whereof, belt enaCed by the King’s mod excrMcnt Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, arrd commons in tliir. prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand Icven hundred and ninety-fix, all IherifFs and other officers having authority to grant replevins, may, and (hall in every replevin of diftrefs for rent, take, in their own names, from fhc plaintiff and two refponfible perfons as fureties, a bond in double the value of the goods diftrained, (fuch value to be afcci tained by the oath of one or more credible wit-r fs or witneffes, not interefted in the goods or diftrefs, which oath the perfon granting fuch replevin is hereby authorized and required to adminiiler, and conditioned for pro-feculirg the fuit with effeit, and without delay, and fgr

duly

Digitized by Google

The thirtyfftxth Tear of 6eorge lit	577

‘duly returning the goods and chattels diftrained, in cafe a A, D-return (hall be awarded before any deliverance be made of the 1796. diftrefs, and that fuch (heriff or other officer as aforefaid, taking any fuch bortd, (hall, at the requeft and cods of the avowant or perfon making conufance, affign fuch bond to the avowant, or perfon aforefaid, by endorling the fame, and attefling it under his hand and feal, in the prefence of two or more credible witneffes, which may be done without any (lamp, provided the alignment fo endorfed be duly (lamped before any action be brought thereupon ; and if the -bond fo affignmant taken and affigned be forfeited, the avowant or perfon (lamped bdtot making conufance, may bring an adlion, and recover there- a&ion, dec. upon in his own namej and the court where fuch adlion (hall be brought, may, by a rule of the fame court, give fuch relief to the parties upon fuch bond as may be agreeable to juitice and reafon, and fuch rule (hall have the nature and effect of a defeazance to fuch bond.

CHAP. XXXIX.

jin <Act 1o limit the Jurif diction of Sheriffs in their County Courts, and of other inferior Courts.

WHEREAS great oppreffion has been pradlifed againft his Majefty’s fubjedls, by the abufe of pn>cefs iffuing from the county courts, and it is therefore expedient to limit the jurifdidlion of fuch courts: be it enadled by the King’s moll excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament afTembled, and by the authority of the fame, that the county courts (hall not hold pita in any qo covtrU adlion, nor (hall any writ or procefs in any adlion hereafter fhan npt hold iflue from any county court, againll any perfon or perfons, plea, &c. their goods or chattels.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this adl contained Nottopre-fhall extend, or be conltrucd to extend, to deprive any fuch vent makmg court of any jurifdidlion or authority, which by law fuch replevin, be. court or courts now has or have, in making replevin, and deliverance of diftrefles.

III. And whereas divers inferior courts, having a jurif- Inferior courts didlion to hold pleas in civil adlions, within limited diftridls, have iffued pro-have been heretofore accuftomed to iflue procefs at the fuit ^ufe ofa^ion of plaintiffs applying for the fame, to compel an appearance £ot Within their in fuch courts, although the caufe of adlion, in which fuch jurifdiaion,&c. appearance is required, has not arifen, nor the perfon, againll whom fuch procefs has been fued, has been refident within filch jurifdidlion; be it enadled, That no procefs (hall be

ifiued

Digitized by L^ooQle

pfrt	The	itirtfjhetb	Testrof	Georg* 1H*

A* D*	iflosd fiora any fuch court, to oorapel the appearance ©f aur

1796*	perion who may be ftitid in the fa&e, uftlofs an affidavit fall

ft* made by or on behalf of the party who (ball apply iar fuch pracefs, and filed in fueh oourt, that the oaufe of a&f on, in which fuch appearance is required, has arifea with* fuch jtmfidi&ioR, or that the perfon or persons againA whom fuch procefe is fuad, is, or are then rtfident within fudb jw rMi&iotu

CHAR XLI.

yds *&io mailt GnarJumt of Miner* is Jemi/i or fiO Grmmhy the Property 0 f fuch Miner*, for tie Purpofe if bavmf Gwrt-Heufcs or Gaols, hilt thereon*

Guardians may dernife ground* in games of minors.

WHEREAS grounds upon which it is expedient to build court-noufes or gaols, may happen to be the f ftate of minors, and the pubjick would fufter great inconvenience if fuch buildings were delayed until fuch minoTS fame of age, or if the tame were built in lets eligible fitua-lions; be it cna&cd by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That wherever any fum or fums of money have been presented, which remain unexpended^ or ihall be hereafter prefentedby any grand jury of a county, county of a city, or county ef a town, by law empowered to nufe money by presentment for the purpose of Creating any new court-houlc, "gaol, or bridewell, or for en-laFgpng any court-houfie, gaol, or britfareil, or the courts or out-lew tliereunto refpedtivety belonging, it (Hal) and may be lawful for the guardian or guardians of minors in cafe the ground upon which k is intended to ere& fuch court-houfe, gaol, or bridewell, or which it is intended (hall be trfed for the pftrpofe of enlarging any fuch court-houfc, gaol, or bridewell, or the courts or outlets thereunto refpe&ively be-longing, (hall happen to be the eftate of foeh minors, to fell or dernife the fame in the name of fuch minors, to the per-fpn or perfons whom the grand juiy of grand juries who ihall have prcfeiued fuch fum Or fum* of money as <dprefaid, ihall nominate and appoint to agretf for a purchase or krafe of grpunds, in truit for the purpofes aforefaid, and the deed of conveyance or dernife £0 execated by fuch guardian or guav-dians, ihall be as e^Tcdtual to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame were executed by the owner of. fuch grounds being adult.

II. Provujtd

Digitized by v^iOOQLe

The Mrtpfueth Tear rf George ML	J7f

TI. Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That cvety flick A. D* guardian or guardians of minors, who (half make any agree- 1796. ment for a fale or demife as afortfaid, (hall before he pr they V—**-v~*-J (hall execute any fuch deed of conveyance or demife, pre- Ouafdiaos to fent a petition to the high court of chancery, and obtain an obtain orders order thereupon, figned by the lord chancellor, or lord* C^ccrybcfcr* commiflionra for the euftody of the great feal for the time they execute being, approving of fuch agreement, and fuch order (hall fuch deeds* be recited in the deed of conveyance or demife, an thf cafe may be.

C H A P. XLIL

AB to prevent the Importation of Arvu> Gttn»Powder9 amt Ammunition into this Kingdom, and the making, removing, Jelling, and keeping of Gun-Powder'j Arms, and Ammum* Uon without Licenfe.

WHEREAS tumultuous rifing? have of bte hap- To ill Jan.

pened in this kingdom, and the perfons engaged 1799* 3&Ch therein have pra&ifed various fecret contrivances, for being 3 fupplied with, and keeping arms and ammunition: now in order to prevent the clandeftine importation, and fecret keeping of arms, ammunition, gun-powder, and military ftores \ be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent Majrity, by and with the advice and confent of the lprds fpiritual and temporal, and commons in thir prefent parliament afitmbled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the palling Afrer pafling df this a6f, it (hall not be lawful for any perfon whomsoever, of rhis not to import into this kingdom, any cannon, mortars, or ord- lawful to import pance, guns, piftols, gun-locks, or parts of gun-locks, piftol-	Ucc£’

locks, gun-ltocks, fwords, fword-blades, bayonets, pikes, ft5 herein, (pears, fpear-heads, weapons of war, cannon, mufquet or piftol balls, gun-powder, brimftone, falt-petre, or other materials ufed in the making of gun-powder, or any military-accoutrements, without having find obtained a licenfe for importing the feme, under the hand of the chief governor of this kingdom, or his chief fepretary, or of the com-miiliopers of his Majefty’s revenue, or any two of them, or pne of the principal officers of his Majelry’s office of ordnance for the time being; which licenfe mall fpecify the number, and particular kinds of arms, ordnarfee, guns, piftols, gun-locks, guu-ftocks, ball, or accoutrements, and the

Pity of gtm-powder, brimftone, and fak-petre, thereby ed to be imported*

».	II.	Provided

Digitized by

The	Tear	of	Gecfrge	III.

A. D.

1796. Chap. 42.

Perfons coming into tMs kingdom, may land arms, *cc.

Arms, 9xc. imported without licence forfeited.

Importer, whether owner <>r m>r, to ioiicit f ool.

Klaftf-r of vcJTtl to forfeit acol.

After lit M ty, i 'i>6,1.0 ptrlon to manuhiolnre gun-po\silcr without Iktiife.

II.	Provided always, That it {hall be lawful for any of hii Majefty’s fubje&s coming into this kingdom, to land fuch arms as he fhall have adually carried for the defence of his perfon, and a3 are ufually carried for perfonal defence and no other, upon regiilering the fame, and his name, and ufual place of abode, with the chief officer of the port* where he fhall land, and obtaining from fuch officer a licenfe for landing the fame, which licenfe fhall be granted without any fee or reward.

III.	And be it ena&ed, That if any perfon fhall import any cannon, arms, gun-locks, parts of gun-locks, gun-ftocks, ball, accoutrements, gun-powder, or ammunition, brimftone, or falt-petrc, or any of the faid articles, without fuch licenfe for the importation thereof as aforefaid, or if any fhip or other veflel, or boat (hall be found in any port, harbour, or creek in this kingdom, having on board any cannon, arms, gun-locks, gun-flocks, bali, accoutrements,

' gun-powder, brimftone, and falt-petrc, and ammunition,

and other articles for the importation of which fuch licenfe (hall not have been obtained, all fuch cannon, arms, gun-locks, gun-itocks, ball, accoutrements, gun-powder, brimftone and falt-petre, and ammunition, and other articles, and alfo fuch fhip, or other veflel or bout, with all her furniture and apparel, fhall be forfeited to his Majefty, 3nJ fhall and may be feized by any jull ice of the peace, or peace officer, or by any officer of his iVlajelly’a revenue ; and all fuch cannon, arms, gun-locks, gun-flocks, ball, accoutrements, gun-powder, brimftone* and falt-petre, awl ammunition and other articles, fhall be, by the perfon feizing the fame, de-pofited in the excife office of the diftrict in which the fame lhall have been feized, or fuch othtr place or places as fhall be appointed for the purpofe by the lord lieutenant, or chief governor of thi3 kingdom, or the mailer general, or chief oineer, or one of the principal officers of his Majdly’s office of ordnance ? and the importer cm* importers thereof, whether he or they fhall be pwncr or owners thereof or not, fhall fo r evciy fuch importation, foifcii the fum of five hundred pounds; and the mafter, or perfon commanding the fhip, or other wall, in which fuch guns, cannon, gun-locks, parts of gun-locks, fwords, bayonets, weapons of war, balls, gun-powder, brimftone, or falt-petre, or military accoutrement.!, or other articles aforefaid, fhall be imported or found, fhall forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds.

I V . And be it enaded, That from and after the firft day of May, one thoufand feveu hundred and ninety-fix, no perfon ihali make, or manufadure any gun-powder, unlefs he fhall have obtained a licenfe for th#t purpofe, under the hand of one of the principal officers of his Majefty’s office

Digitized by Google

The thirty ft xth Year of George III.

ordnance for the time being, in which licenfe, the place where fuch gun-powder (hall be made or manufactured, and every (lore belonging to fuch manufacturer, in which any gun-powder (hall be kept, (hall be deferibed, and the name ©f the perfon fuperintending the work, at his or their mills, and if fuch maker of gun-powder hath an office or place of delivery, feparate from the mills, the name of the perfon to whom the gun-powder (hall be configned at fuch office, and the place where fuch office is fituated ; and if any per- Making gun-fon (hall after the faid day, make of manufacture any gun- POW(ler wlt*jout powder, without having obtained fuch licenfe, he (hall for- r1^ &i'CDa * feit five hundred pounds, and all gun-powder and materials ° for making the fame, found jn the pofieflion of, or in any houfe or other place belonging to fuch manufacturer (hall be forfeited, and may be feized by* any juftice of the peace, or any perfon authorized thereto, by warrant of any juftice of the peace, or by any officer of his Majcfty’s revenue,

V.	And be it enaCted, That if any maker of gun-pow- IC0|- penalty

der, or any perfon employed by him at his mills, or office or °"	lc.fe

place of delivery, (hall fell or deliver to any perfon any quan- 1	,WC1£

tity of gun-powder lefs thafi five pounds weight, fuch maker

of gun-powder fhall for every time fuch lefs quantity fhaU be fold,, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds.

VI.	And be it ena&ed, That from and after the foid firfl Mamifa&nrer day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-fix, no Ilot Ml, *» perfon not being licenfed to manufacture gun-powder as hcrcm: aforefaid, (hall deal in, or fell gun-powder by retail, or other-

wife, unlcfs he (hall be lieenfed for that purpofe by the collector of his Majefty’s revenue, iih the diftriCt in which he ios. to be paid or (he fhall rtf;de, en granting of which licenfe fuch col- for licenfe and leCtor fhall take and receive for the ufe of his Majelty, the to col“ fum of ten fhillings, and as a fee for his own trouble, the fum of one (hilling ; which licenfe fhall be of force for one i,iccnfc. jn forc« year, and no longer; and fuch collector (hall, give to the ion year, perfon obtaining fuch licenfe, a certilicate thereof; and if 50I penalty, any perfon not being licenfed to manufacture gun-powder, &c a* herein, fhall deal in or fell gun-powder by retail, or otherwife, without fuch licenfe, every fucli perfon fhall forfeit for every time he or fhe {hall buy any gunpowder for fale, or fell any gun-powder, the fum of fifty pounds, and all gun-powder, and the cafks or vcfTels in which the fame fhall be contained, found in the pofleffion of fuch perfon, (hall be^ forfeited and feized by any juftice of the peace, or any perfon authoiized thereto, by warrant from a juftice of the peace, or by any officer of his Majefty’s revenue.

VlL And be it enaCted, That no licenfe to deal in or Certificate fell gun-powder, (hall be granted by any collector, unlefs ^	.

1 the perfoa requiring the tune (hall produce to fuch collector 1C ai CUL

a certificate

Digitized by

Friialty 500I. and gun-row-dcr,5cc. for-foiled, &c.

fti	fW	y	Geenge	itt*

4 certificate wader the hands of two jiffticea of the aflembled at any quarter fefitons of the peace for the coanty -or county of the city, tn which the perfon requiring fwh licenfe (haU refide, or at any adjournment thereof, of trader the hand of the clerk df the peace at fuck feffione or ad-^comment, in pntfuanee of an order made at foch feffions or hdjooromcnt, ratting forth that the perfon applying for fueh lreenfe ie a proper perfon to be bcenied to deal b or fell gna-powder.

W i	Vllf*	And he k further eng&ed, That no perfon not

licenfed ae afore feid, (hall keep in his or her cuftody any weight of gun- g1'eat^r ^quantity of gun-powder than two pounds weight, of powder, &c. u any cannon or other ordnance, without licenfe from the lord herein.	lieutenant	or other thief governor of this kingdom, or hit

chief fccretary, or from one of the principal officers of his Majeity’s ordnance ; which Bcenfe fhaH be of force for cm year, and no longer, upow pain of forfeiting all fitch gunpowder, cannon, and other ordnance to his Majefty, and ftlfo a fum of 'five hundred pounds ; and k (haU and may he lawful for any juftice of the peace, or other nrmgiftrate to feme, or by warrant to catffe to be fazed any fitch cannon -or gun-powdet fo kept, tmlets fuch bcenfe (hall be produced on demand.

Mmftdorer, IX. And bek ena&ed, That every time wry maker of, ^c| Mbng,ftc. uf dealer in gun-powder, (hall fell any quantity of gun-emi^cateas	*nf p«rfon Hcenfed by any cbBeftor to dcttl in or

hmiiu* * fell gun-powder, inch maker of, or dealer in gun-powder, or bis known clerk or manager, (hall endorfe on the certificate of the Kcenfe granted to fuch perfon the quantity (bM, and the time when, and (hall fign his name thereto, or (hall fcwiadty to!. for every negfeft therein forfeit the ffcm of twenty pounds \ tool, penalty on and if any maker of or deafer in gun-powder, (hall fell nr feJhttg nwe deliver to any perfon any greater quantity of gun-powder "V* than P°ttn<fe weight, unlefs the perfon buying the feme ^iiT|ny flwll produce the colle&of’s certificate of licenfe as dfore* find, or foch licenfe as aforefeid from the lord Keutenant of other chief governor of this kingdom, or his principal fe-aretary, or one of the principal officers of the office of onf* nance, authorizing the perf m buying the fame to keep in ; his or her poffelfion a greater quantity of gun-powder than two pounds weiglit, every fttrh maker of or deader in gunpowder, fhatl for every time he (hall fo fell or deHver gunpowder, forfeit one hundred pounds ; and that it fhall be lawful for any principal officer of his Mjdefly’s office of ordnance, upon fuch certificate, with the afurefeid uuh’rfc-ment thereon, being produced to him, to grant a licenfe £01* conveying the quantity of gun-powder mentioned in fuck tndorfement, to the perion ucenfeu to fell the fame.

X, And

Digitized by t^ooQle

*the tJuttyr/ncth Tear bf £e#rge lit*

X. And be U further ena&ed, That it fhall not be kwfui tot* any peribn whomsoever, to remove from any part of that kingdom, either by inland carnage or coaft-wayi, any cannon, arms, gun-locks, ball or bullets, or any gunpowder exceeding the weight of two pounds, or any brimftone of C«mvt», nMv hdt-p^tre, without fuch licenfe as afbrefaid; and that it (hall &c> and miy be lawful for any jufUce of the peace, or peace officer, or any officer of his Majefty’s revenoe, upoft information, to fearch for and feize all fuch cannon, arms, ^unlocks, ball or bullets, and gun^powder, or other articles herein before mentioned, that (hall be removing or removed without fuch licenfe, or without producing fuch licenfe on demand, and the fame (ball be forfeited to his Majefty, together with the cart, car, or other vehicle, on which the kune (hull be put for conveyance, and every horfe or other beaft which may be employed for drawing or carrying the fame, and the (hip or other veffel <* boat conveying the fame, and the perfon or perfons who caufed the fame tb be fo removed, (hall forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds* uwy{

XI Provided always. That nothing herein contained, 500j.

(hall extend, or be conftrupd to extend, to prevent any per- Kot to pro* Con from carrying arms for the defence of his perfon, or for vent tarrying ^porting, as by kw he might before the paffing of this

Perfons undkg fame to be removed, forfeit

k&.

it ena&ed, That k (hdl not be lawful for *^None fliall

XII- And be

k«y perfon not by law authorized to keep and carry arms, keep gun-pow-to keep any quantity of gun-powder whatever, whether fuch j|cr, Sec. as perfon (hall have a licenfe or not; and that any perfon herein hcrwn* •Sending, (hall be dealt with as If be had not any licenfe.

XIII.	And provided alfo, That it (hall and may be law- Makers, &£•

fid for the makers and dealers in arms, in the cities or liber- may fend arms tie6 of Dublin and Cork, being licenfod as herein after men- to rhc?r 51/*0* tioned, to fend alms to their cuftomers in the faid cities, in	**

the daytime, either uncovered or in packages, confpicuoufly

marked with the word u arms,*1 without obtaining a licenfir for fo removing the fame,

XIV.	And be it ena&cd, That every perfon licenfrd to Idrenfed dsak

deal in or fell gun-powder, (hall within forty-eight hours after crs *D gun-pow-lie or (he (hall recoive any. gunpowder brought to him <mf her	n°'

by virtue of (uch licenfe as aforefaid, give notice of the ar- ^rein.

rival thereof, to the next jufiiee of the peace or other ltin-gi (Irate, or to the next rehding officer of the revemfe, and thereupon it (hall be lawful for fuch juftice, magiftrate, or officer of the revenue, to enter into the houfc of fuch per- . fon, and view and examine fuch gun powder, and the foid •ertificate with the endorfement made thereon, by the perfon who fold fuch gun-powder, and fuoh perfon (hall declare and (bew to fuch juilice, magi(Irate, or officer of the

revenue, v

Digitized byCjOOQlC

Mot flawing flock, forfeit loot and all

newkA, who

C-.

rmnkrior per-b» ■nScenfed, Soria*, loot and

l|a—fi^nrers, flee, flufl give aywa* c© ic crcUxy o£ <yd-mmcc, a* herein.

Pettkf jo?. lirewCr void.

wJjedpo

dlf-

TZ* thtrtyjixth Tear §/ George III*.

fcventie, if required, all the flock of gun-powder in his «r her pofTeffion ; and if any fuch perfon fhali not give fuck notice, or fhali not permit fuch juftice or magiflrate, or officer of the revenue, to view or examine fuch gun-powder, or fhali not declare and fhew to fuch juftice of magiflrate, or officer of the revenue, all his or flock of gun-powder, every fuch perfon for every fuch offence, fhali forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds fleiling; and if any gunpowder not declared or (hewn, fhali be found in the pofTeffion of fuch perfon, the fame fhali be forfeited, and fhali be feized by fuch juftice of the peace, magiflrate, or other officer of the revenue,

XV.	And be it ena&ed, That if the aforefaid certificate of licenfe, to aoy perfon to deal in or fell gun-powder, fhali be made ufe of for procuring gun-powder for the ufe of anj other perfon, than the perfon named in fuch licenfe, or if any gun-powder bqnght in the name of any perfon fo li-ccnfed, fhali not be brought to him or her, the perfon fo licenfed (hall forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds, and his and her licenfe (hall become void.

XVI.	And be it enabled, That every maker, or manu-fa&urer of gun-powder, and every perfon dealing as a fa&or or agent, in felling the fame, fhali, within ten days after palling of this aCl, return an account to the fecretary, or to the principal officer of his Majefty’s office of ordnance, of all the flock of gun-powder in his or her pofTeffion, de-feribing the place or places where the fame fhali be kept, and the packages containing the fame, and fhali verify fuch return by affidavit at the foot thereof, to be fworn before any magiflrate, and fhali provide a book, in which fuch quantity (hall be entered ; and fhali, from time to time, upon completing the manufacture of any further quantity or quantities of gun-powder, or receiving the fame to be fold, as the cafe may be, make a like return, verifted as aforefaid, and like entry *, and fhali alfo enter in a feparate account, to be k •pt in the faid bo >k, an account of every parcel of gunpowder, fold or difpofed of, the time when, and to whom, and any principal officer of his Majefty’s office of ordnance, or other peifon authorized by them, fhali at all reafonable times have accefs to the faid book, and fhali have power to examine the flock of fuch maker or feller of gun-powder, and compare and balance the fame with the account kept in the faid book, and if it fhali appear that any fraud hath been committed, or that any gun-powder hath been fold, fent or difpofed of, contrary to the prOvifions of this aCl, the per-fon or perfona licenfed, fhali forfeit fifty pounds, and the licenfe to him* her, or than, fhali become void, and he, fhc.

Digitized by VjOoq le

The thirtyfxth tear of Ceorge tlL	j&y

fcr they fliall be difabkd in future to make, or manufa&ure A. D. br fell gun-powder.	"	1796.

XVII.	And be it ena&ed, That if any maker or manu^ Chap. 42.

fadhircr of gun-powder, or fadtor, or agent felling gun-	—---

powder, (hall not make fuch returns as aforefaid, verified as Manufa&urcrt, aforefaid, or fhall not keep fuch book, or omit any entry &c. who do not therein, required as aforefaid by this^adl, or (hall not permit ™^ jj® fuch officer of ordnance, or perfon authorized by fuch offi- fcit	or"

cers of drdnande, to infpedt the fame, and to examine the	0

Hock of gun-powder of fuch perfon, every filch perfon, for

fcvery fuch offence refpedlively, Ihall forfeit one hundred pounds.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it enafted, that every Licenftdma-maker of gun-powder having obtained fuch licenfe, as herein nufacturers nia^ before .mentioned, may fend <Lt any time between fun-rife and fcnd tfun-pow-fun-fet, any quantity thereof, to his office or place of de- ,> ai “6rcm* livery, herein before mentioned, or to his Majefty’s ftoies,

2nd not elfewheve, without obtaining a licenfe for the carriage of the fame as aforefaid, provided that with every quantity of gun-powder fo fent, the maker or his fuperini tendarit (hall fend a manifeft, expreffing the quantity fent, and whether in barrels, half barrels, or quarter barrels, the place from whence it is fent, and to what place ; which ma-» nifeft (hall be dated and figned by the maker of fuch gunpowder or his faid fuperinteridant.

XIX.	And be it enacted, That if a greater quantity than jOoi. penalty

what is expreffed in fuch manifeft, Ihall be fo fent, or if the on having a gun-powder therein mentioned, fhall be fent to any other ?catcr place than to fuch office, or to his Majefty’s ftorCs, tne fame in manSeft°&c Ihall be forfeited to his Majefty, and the perfon fending the	*

fame fhall forfeit five hundred pounds.

XX.	And be it enadted, That all gun-powder exceeding Cun-powder five pounds, that fhall be removed From any part of this exceeding jib. kingdom, to any part of the fame, fhall be made up in Ihall be made up calks, with the Word “ gunpowder” marked therein in in c^\y .ar‘f la-ge letters, Upon pain of forfeiting the fame to his Ma- J”tat* r* oi^for?* jelly *, arid that it fhall be lawful for any perfon to feize and feited/and 500I. carry the fame to his Majefty’s ftores, and the perfon who

Ihall have caufed filch gun-powder to be carried without fuch mark, fhall forfeit the funi of five hundred pounds

XXI.	And be it enadted, That ho perfon fhall make, No perfon

conftrudt, or mend, dr repair, or keep for, or expbfe to Ihall make arms foie, any cannon or other ordnance, or any fort of guns, ot a"y mufkets or piftols, or any gun-locks or parts of gun-locks, coUc^or^&c! piftol-ftocks, bayonets, fwords, or fword blades, or other	*

military weapons, Without a licenfe from the colledlor of the

diftridl in which he fhall refide, which licenfe fhall be granted to any known gun fmith or fwdrd cutler, upon paying the Yql.X*	B	W	funk

Digitize by

/

3*6

The thtrtyjlxth Tear of George III.

A. D.

1796. Chap. 42.

forfeit unit, and jool.

Licenfe* in force I year.

Accounts to be kept of all arms made, fold or repaired, Ac. herein.

Penalty I0©1.

Juftices may enter all places where they fuf* pc A urns, fire*

v

Perfon* who make or repair aims, or fix fey the blades on poles, whhout

fum of five (hillings, for the Qfe of his Majefty ; and if any perfon (hall make or conftru&, or mend or repair any cannon or other ordnance, or any fort of gun, mufket, or piftol, or any gun-lock, piftol-lock, gun-ftock, bayonet, fword, or fword-blade, or other military weapon, without having obtained fuch licenfe, every fuch article found with him /hall be forfeited, and may be feized by any juftice of the peace, or magi (Irate, or by any perfon authorized thereto, by the warrant of any juftice of the{>eace, or by any officer of the revenue, (hall forfeit a fum «of five hundred pounds; and fuch liccnfe (hall be of force for one year, and no longer, from the time of the granting thereof.

XXII.	And be it ena&ed, That every perfon who /hall make, repair, or fell any guns, piftols, or other .fire arms, or any gun-locks, or piitol-locks, or gun-ftocks, or any {words, bayonets, or other military weapons, (hall keep a book in which he or (lie (hall enter, or caufe to be entered, a monthly account of all arms, and military weapons, made, fold or repaired, by him or her, and to and for whom the fame were fold or repaired, and the refpedlive times when; and (hall monthly, from the pafling of this a£l, return a copy of fuch account, verified on oath, to be made before any magiftrate, to the fecretary to the principal officers of his Majdly’s office of ordnance ; and any perfon empowered Jor that purpofe, by the principal officers of his Majefty’s office of ordnance, (hall at all reasonable times, on demand, have accefs to the faid book, and (hall examine the fame; and if any perfon making, repairing, or felling any guns, piftols, or other fire arms, or any gun-locks, piftol-locks, or locks of other fire-arms, or any fwords, bayonets, fpcars, or other military weapons, (hall not keep fuch book, and enter therein fuch account as aforefaid, or (hall omit to make any fuch return as aforefaid, verified as aforefaid, or (hall not produce to fuch perfon as (hall be authorized as aforefaid, after demand, the faid book, or (ball not permit fuch perfon to examine the fame, every perfon offending (hall for every offence, forfeit one hundred pounds.

XXIII.	And be it ena&ed, That it (hall and may belaw-ful to and for any juftice of the peace to enter and fearch, or to grant a warrant to any perfon or perfons to be by him named, to enter and fearch any houfe, place, fhip, boat or veil'd, where, or in which he (hall have reafonable ground to fufpcdf fuch arms, ammunition, or gun-powder, as aforefaid, to be depofited for fale, without licenfe as aforefaid.

XXIV.	And be it further enaded, 'I hat if any fmith, or other perfon, (hall forge, make, or repair any pike, fpear, fpcar-head, dagger, fword or bayonet, or fix on any pole or ftick, or prepare for affixing thereon, any part of any fc^thc

3

» tj ■ *

Digitized by

Google

The thirtyfixth Tear of George III.

blade, without a licenfe from fome principal officer of I11* Majefty’s ordnance, or from the juflices at the quartcr-feffions in each county refpeftively, every fuch perfon fhall forfeit all fuch weapon or weapons, and alfo the fum of five pounds for every fuch offence, on conviftion, on the oath of any one credible evidence, before any juftice of the peace, who is hereby required to iffue his warrant for levying the fame off the goods and chattels of the offenders, by diftrefs, and in cafe of non-payment thereof, to commit fuch offender to gaol, there to remain two months, or until the faid penalty be paid.

XXV.	And be it enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor of this kingdom, at any time, by order under his hand, to annul and make void any licenfe heretofore granted, or hereafter to be granted to any maker of gun-powder, to remove gun-powder to his office or ftores, or his Majefty’s ftores, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithilanding.

XXVI.	And whereas by an aft pafTed in the thirty-third

year of his Majefty’s reigu, entitled, An a8 for ejlablijhing regulations refpeSing aliens arriving in this kingdom, or refident therein, in certain cafesy and fubjeds of this kingdom, who have ferved, or are ferving in foreign armiesy it is euafted, That every alien who fhall arrive therein after the thirtieth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-three, fhall, within ten days after his or their arrival, give to fome ma-giftrate a full account of all hi* or their weapons, arms, gun-powder, and ammunition : be it enabled, That every fuch alien fo arriving, fhall, immediately after giving in fuch account, deliver to fuch magiflrate, all fuch arms, weapons, gun-powder, and ammunition, as he or any perfon for his ufe, fhall be pofleffed of, fave «nly fuch as he fhall .have a licenfe to keep, under the hand and feal of the chief fecre-tary of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor of this kingdom.	*

XXVII.	And be it enafted, That all pecuniary for* feitures inflifted by this aft, fave as is otheiwife by this aft direfted, fhall go and be paid, one moiety to his Majefly, his heirs and fuccefTors, and the other moiety to the perfon or perfons who fhall fue for the fame, by any aftion of debt, fuit, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record in Dublin, wherein no efToign, protection, .or more than one imparlance fhall be allowed ; and all forfeitures of any articles or things which by virtue of thi* aft fiiall and may be feized, fhall be fued for, recovered, and applied in fuch manner and form, and by fuch way9 and means, and with fuch powers and authorities as are preferred, direfted, and appointed, in and by an aft of parlia-

B b 2	meat

licenfcs, fhall forfeit all fuck and 5I. &c.

L. lieut. may annul licenfe* granted for removing gunpowder.

Aliens fhall deliver their arma to a magiflrate, a* herein.

Pecuniary forfeitures, no* o! herwife directed, fhall go to the king and informers, as herein.

Digitized by

Google

The thirtyfixth Tear of George III.

ment made In this kingdom, in the fourteenth and fifteentk years of the reign of his late Majcfty Charles the fecond, entitled, yin ad for the fettling of the excife, or new impcjl upon his M.ajeJ!y> his heirs and fuccrffovs, according to the hook of rates therein infer ted, or by any other law or laws relative to his Maje(ly*a revenue of excife, as fully and effeftually, to all intents, conftruftions, and pnrpofes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned and exprefied, and re-enafted in this aft, with the like remedy of appeal, to and for the party and parties who ftidl think him, her, or themfelves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the faid aft of excife, or any other law or laws relating to his Majdly’s revenue of excife is provided.

L. lleut. may XXVIII. Provided always. That it fhall and maybe renut pen ues, jaw£uj for thc jor(j licutenant or privy council, at their dif-cretion, to remit any penalty or forfeiture, fued for under this aft, as well the moiety belonging to the informer, as that belonging to his Majefly, and to reftore any arms feiz-ed as afore faid.

Anions with- XXIX. And be it enafted, That in cafe any aftion or in 3 months of fu{t Hiall be commenced againft any perfon or perfons, For €a c*	any matter or thing by him or them-done or executed in

purfuance of this aft, fuch aftion or fuit (hall be commenced within three months next after the alledged caufe of aftion (hall accrue ; and the defendant or defendants in fuch aftion may plead the general ifTue, and give this aft and the fpccial matter in evidence, on any trial to be had thereon, and that the fame was done under the authority of this ad; and if a verdift (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become non-fuited, or dif-continue his or their aftion or profccution, or judgment (hall be given againft him, her, or them, upon demurrer, or otherwise, fuch defendant or defendants (hall have double colts awarded to him or them, againll fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

All perfons XXX. And whereas it may be ncceflary to form camp* inayckm.fc indifferent parts of this kingdom, for his Majefty’s army W 2 ycus^as an<*	*	be	it	enafted, That it (hail and may be lawful

herein. ’ for all perfons and bodies politick and corporate, to demife or fet for any term or time, not exceeding two years, to the quarter-mafter-general of his Majefty’s forces in this kingdom for the time being, or his deputy, for the ufe of hisMrjefty, any quantity of ground which maybe necef-lary for forming any camp, for any part of his Majefty’s army, together with a paffage or road to the fame, not exceeding twrenty-one feet iu breadth, for fuch rent or confederation as (hall be agreed upon for the fame; and in cafe

any

V

Digitized by v^ooQle

The thirtyfixth Tear of George III, ,

any perfon occupying fuch land, fhall refufe to demife or fet the fame to fuch quarter-mailer-general, or his deputy, or in cafe any difference concerning the rent or confideratior\ for fuch land (hall arife, the faid quarter-mafter-general, or his deputv, may apply to the chairman or juftices of the fcfiioii3 of the county in which fuch lands (hall be lituate, at any feffions of the peace or adjournment thereof; and fuch chairman or juftices fhall, upon fuch application, caufe a jury of twelve honed and lawful men to be impannelled by the fheriff of fuch county, and fworn well and ftri&ly to affefs the value of the rent, or other confideration, to be given to the occupiers of fuch ground for the fame, during the time for which it fhall he required, for the ufe of his Majefly for the purpofe aforefaid i and both parties fhall have their lawful challenges, and fuch jury being fo fworn* fhall, after evidence on oath given to them* afeettain by their verdi&, the rent or other confideration to be paid for fuch land to the refpedlive occupiers thereof; and fuch chairman or juftices fhall give judgment thereof which ver-<(i& and judgment fhall be final and concfofive to alj parties i and after fuch verdidl and judgment, and from the time that fhall be afeertained by fuch verdift or judgment for that purpofe, the faid quarter-mafter-general, or his deputy* may enter upon, and hold and, enjoy, fcr the ufe aforefaid, fuch land during fuch time as fhall be fo afeertained, paying fpr the fame fuch rent or confideration as fhall be adjudged in manner aforefaid j provided always that notice i\\ writing foal! be ferved upon the occupiers of fuch land, or left at their laft plaice of abode fourteen days before the faid fdfi-cjts or adjournment, fpecifying the land1 required and intended to he valued, and that application will he made to the chairman or juftices aforefaid, to have fuch land valued as aforefaid ; and if fuch occupiers foall not appear at fuch feffions, that due proof be made of the ie* vice or delivery of fuch notice : provided alfo, that fuch land ftiall not con-, fill of any part of a demefne, or of a lawn, garden, orchard, yard, planted walk, or avenue to ahoufe, or of any park or paddock for deer ; provided always,, that no agreement fit all be concluded by the faid quarter-mafter-general* or his deputy, with any perfon for any land for the purpofe aforefaid, unjefa the terms of fuch agreement fhall he laid hefore the commiffloners for executing the office of. lord high treafurer of this kingdom, and be by them communicated to the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom,, and (hall be approved of by the f^id lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom.

•	XXXI.	Provided

$*9

A. D.

1796-Chap. 42,

Digitized by v^ooQle

The tblrtyjixth Tear of George III.

XXXI.	Provided always, and. be it enabled. That this aft /hall continue of force until the fiiit day of January, one thou* fand feven hundred and ninety-feven, and uutQ die end of the then ne*t feffion of parliament and no longer.

CHAP, XLIII.

jin A8 to enable the Lord Lieutenant, or Chief Governor or Go* vemors for the Time being, and Cotmcily when the Price f Corn or Grain is above the Rates of Exportation> to prohibit the Export of Bread and Bifcuity and to indemnify theft who have prevented the Export of the fame,

t,. lieut. &c. tnay prohibit exportation of bread, See. whilfbeorn is above exportation rateii..

All nations, £ce. ajrainft per-; frns herein, arc made void, See.

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament made in the thirtieth year of his Majefty’s reign, entitled, An pH to amend anati pajfed in the twenty-third and twenty fourth years -of his Majejiy's reign9 entitled. An a3 for regulating the corn trade, promoting agrieulturey and providing a regular find Jlcady fupply of com in this kingdomy and for granting to his Majeflyy his heirs and JuceeJforSy the duties therein menti-onedy it is enafted, That it Inall and may be lawfd at all times to fhip and export bread and bifeuit to alTplaces whatsoever, notwithftanding the prices of corn or grain, of which fiich bread or bifeuit may be made, /hall be above the rates for cxpoi tation ; and whereas it may happen that fuch provifion may at fome particular times tend to defeat the fnlutary purpofes of faid afts; be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent Majcfty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament affemblcd, and by the authority of the fame, That at all times when the prices of corn or grain of which bread or bifeuit may be made, /hall be above the rates for exportation, it (hall and may be lawful for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors, and council for the time being, by proclamation to prohibit the exportation of fuch bread or bifeuit fo long as (aid high price of corn or grain /hall continue.

II.	And whereas during the late high prices of corn and grain, fome perfons were delayed or prevented from entering outwards, and exporting certain quantities of bread and bifeuit; and whereas the perfons fo delaying or preventing faid export, are now juftitied by law, although they afted for the public^ fcrvice ; be it enafted. That all perfonal aftions and fuits, and all indiftments and informations, and all profecutions and proceedings whalfoever, whifti have

7 *	tea

Digitized by Google

/

7he thirty-Jixth Tear of George III.	391

been, or {hall be profecuted or commenced againft any per* A* D. fon or perfons whomfoever, for, or by rcafou of any aft, 1796. matter, or thing advifed, appointed, or done, in relation to the premifes, oy of any contraft or agreement not performed, by means of fuch delay or refufal, to admit fuch entries or export of bread or bifcuit, are, and (hall be	N

made void by this aft ; and that all and every perfon or perfons in any wife concerned in delaying or preventing faid export, (hall be, -and every fuch perfon or perfons in any wife concerned therein, is hereby acquitted, difcharged, and indemnified of and from the fame ; and that if any action or fuit (hall be profecuted or commenced againft any perfon or perfons for any fuch matter, aft, or thing fo advifed, appointed, or done, or fuch contraft or agreement not performed, he, (he, or they may plead the general if-fue, and give this aft and the. fpecial matter in evidence y and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs in any aftion or fuit, profe-cuted or commenoed, or to be profecuted or commenced, fhall become non-fuit, or forbear further profecution, or fuffer difcontinuance, or if a yerdift pafs againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (hall recover his, her, or their double cofts for which he, fhe, or they (hall have the fame remedy as in cafes where cofts by law are given to defendants.

CHAP. XLIV.

/

Art A3 for preventing the Inundations of the Poddle River in Dublin, and for preferving the Cathedral Church of Saint Patrick, and the Houfes of the adjoining Inhabitants from the Damages arifing therefrom.

WHEREAS by means of varioms nuifances and ob-ftruftions in the water-courfe called the .Poddle, which runs through Saint Patrick-ftreet, and from thence to the river Anna-Liffey, inundations occafioned by fudden floods, have of late more frequently happened, to the great damage of the cathedral church of Saint NPatrick, Dublin, and to the great lofs and injury of the inhabitants of all houfes in that diftrift of the city, near and through which the faid water runs : and whereas by an aft of parliament, made in the feventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign of his late Majefty Charles the fecond, entitled, An additional a3, to the a3, entitled. An a3 for the cleanftng the water-courfe in Saint Patrickflrect, the may-

Digitized by t^ooQle

The thirtyJixth Tear of George III.

A. D. or of the city of Dublin, his grace the archbilhop of Dublin, 1796. the lord chief juftice of his Majefty’-s court of chief place in fhap. 44. Ireland, the chief juftice of the common pleas, the chief baron

of his Majefty’s court of Exchequer, his Majefty’s principal fecretary of ft ate, his Majefty’s attorney and foiicitor-gcncr ral, the dean of the cathedral church of the Holy Trinity, Dublin, the dean of the cathedral church of Saint ^Patrick’s, Dublin, and the recorder of the city of Dublin all for the time being, together with Edward earl of Meath, or auy fnte or more pf them, whereof the lord archbilhop pf Dublin, for the time beings to be always pne, were appointed pommiftioners for preferving the faid pathcdral, and putting in execution the feveral regulation* mentioned in the faid a&, for difeoveriug and removing all nuifances and obftru&ions in the faid water-cqurfe, and encroachments on the fatpc, and were empowered to lay a tax or afleflment upon the dean, dignitaries ?pd prebendaries of the faid cathpdtnl church of Saint Patrick* Dublin, and the feveral inhabitants of Saint Patrick-ftreet, and in the clofe of the faid cathedral, and on all perfons that live within the liberties of Saint Sepulchre’s and Donore, or within the level and danger of the faid inundation, fufficient to defray the charges of making a new graft or current, or fpouring or cleanfing the old grafts or currents, for preventing fuch inundations ; and whereas from the low fit nation of the ground ;, in, the continued courfe of the faid water to the faid river Anna Liffey, the water pf adjacent ftreets and lanes, for a confiderable extent in the Neighbourhood of the faid watcr-courfe, with a large quantity of foil, runs into the fame, and by the inundation is much increafed : and whereas two mills b^e beeq created on the faid water-courfe, called ^he Po^dfc* one rear Ship-ftreet, and the other between Bride’s-alley, and Ilofs-lane, both in the pity of Dublin, by which great obit ru&ion has been given tp the paflage of the faid water; and whereas the powers given to the laid commiflioners by the faid a<f\, arc hot fufficient, under the prefent circuiu-flauces of the faid water courfe, to remove the obftru&iona to thepaHage of the water, and prevent the inundations oc-Culione'd thereby, ^nd the fqnd by the faid a 61 created i^ inadequate to the purpofe, wherefore, be it erased by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in tins prefent parliament alfembled, an^ by the authority pf the fame, That the lord mayor of the city of Dublin, the lord archbilhop of Dublin, the lord chief juftice of fre-

Digitized by

Google '

The tbirtfjfxtb Tear of George III.

Jand, the lord chief juftice of the common pleas, the chief phief baron of the exchequer, the keeper of the fignet or privy feal, his hdajefty’s attorney apd folicitor-general, thp pean of the cathedral church of the holy Trinity, the dean pf the cathedral church of Saint Patrick’s Dublin, and the recorder of the city of Dublin, all for the time being, the pointed for pommiflioncr3 deferibed or named in the faid aft, together	^

with the vicar-general or vicars-general of the diocefe of Dnb*	1

lin for the time being, the archdeacon of Dublin, for the time being, and the chancellor of the cathedral church of Saint Patrick’s, for the time being, and the lord of thq manors of Thorpas-court and ponore, for the time being, be,, and they are hereby conftituted and appointed comimf-fioners for putting into execution the powers in the faid aft and in this aft contained, and that they or any three or more of them (hall have full power and authority to execute and perform all afts, matters and things, fqr carrying the faid aft, and this aft into execution, for the execution of which pow’er is given to the faid commilfiongrs, fave in fuch cafe or cafes w here by this aft a greater number is required, any thing in the faid recited aft contained to the contrary noti withilanding,

II. And be it enafted, That the faid^commilTioners (hall. An 1nfpe<5taf and may from time to time, appoint a proper perfon to be appointed at infpeftor of the faid wrater-courfe, at fuch falary as they *ol. a year.

(hall think proper, not exceeding ten pounds a year, and fuch perfon (hall be, and he js hereby authorized to view and examine the ftate of the faid water-courfe, and of all fewers and drains wrhich fall into the fame, and of all apertures therein, and communications therewith,-'and tq jnfpeft and execute all buildings, works and repairs, which (hall be ordered by the faid commiflioners to be performed, for repairing the faid water-courfe, and preferving the fame free from nuifanges and obllruftions, and for that purpofe, at all reafpnable hours in the day-time, with fuch workmen as (hall bg employed by him, to enter into apy houfe or yard under which the faid water-courfe runs, and to bring through or into fuch houfe or yard, all materials which (hall be necefiary for executing fuch works, and to, remove through fuch houfe or yard, all obftruftipns found in the*

(aid water-courfe.

III.	And be it enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful Arcfcc8fn for the faid pommiflioners tP caufe arches of bricks or (tones	where

to be erefted over the faid water-courfe, in fuch places as com. think pro? they (hall think proper, and from time to, time, when they &c«

^haU think fit, to caufe breaches to be made in any arch or covering over the faid water-courfe, for the purpofe of ■	„	repairing

Com. ap-

Digitized by L.ooQLe

What &all be fene when breaches are Blade, &c«

5?. penalty to paving board for not doing as dirc&cd.

10I. penalty

•n obftrn&ing

infpc<5tor, & c.

The t&rijjixth Tear of George IIL

repairing or cleaning the fame, and to remoYe aQ ftooef, gravel, or other obilru&ions which may be found therein, and alfo to flop any opening to or communication with the faid water-courfe, from any houfe*, yard or other place through which any matter may be conveyed to the faid wa-ter-courfc, which may caufe obftru&ions therein.

IV.	And be it ena&ed. That as often as the faid com-miffioners or their infpe&or (hall caufe any breach or breaches to be made in tlie pavement of any of the ftreets or publick paffages of the city of Dublin, within the limits of the circular road, (except in the barony of Donore) they fhall finifh the faid work with all convenient fpeed, and (hall caufe the earth where the breach or breaches (hafi be made, to be firmly trodden and rammed down, and (ball immediately after give notice thereof to the directors and commiffioners for paving, cleanfing and lighting the ftreets of Dublin ; and (hall pay to them to defray the expence of repairing the faid pavement, fix pence halfpenny for every yard faid breach fhall be in length, provided the fame fhaQ not exceed three feet in width ; and if the fame fhafl be more than three feet vide, that then payment fball be made in due proportion.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That if the faid commit* fioners in this act named, or their infpector, (hall be guilty of any unneceflary delay, in finifhing faid Work, or fball not caufe the earth thrown back to be well trodden or rammed down, or if they or the faid infpector, fhall not pay to the faid directors the cxpence of repairing fuch breach or breaches, at the rate before mentioned, they (hall forfeit and pay for every fucb offence a fum not exceeding five pounds, to be recovered by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of their faid iiifpe&or.

VI.	And be it ena&ed. That if any owner or occupier of any houfe or other place over the faid water-courfe, fhatt not at fuch times as aforefaid, admit the (aid infpedor and fuch workmen as fhall be employed by him in fuch houfe, yard or other place, or fhall not permit, fuch infpe&or and workmen employed by him to bring into fuch houfe, yard, or other place, all materials which fhall be neceffary for any works to be executed by order of the faid commiffioners, or (hall prevent or obflruft fuch infpe&or, or any workman employed by him in performing any work dire&ed by the faid commiffioners to be performed, or to make breaches in any arch or covering over the faid water-courfe, or to remove any Hones, gravel, or other obftru&ions which may be found therein, or fhall prevent, or not permit fuch infpe&or to flop any opening to, or communication with the faid water-

courfe.

Digitized by Google

The thirtyftxth Tear of George III.

courfe, which the faid commiffioners fhall think proper to be flopped, every fuch perfon fhall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of ten pounds.

VII.	And be it enabled, That the property of the fide-walls of the faid water-courfe, and of all arches built, or to be built over the fame, and all the materials thereof, fhall be, and the fame are hereby veiled in the faid commif-fioners.

VIII.	And be it ena6led, That no perfon fhall ere&, or make any mill-wheel to be turned by water, or any gate-fluice or dam, upon, or in the faid water, or erect any houfe of eafe over the fame, or nearer thereto than eight feet; or fhall build, or re-build, or proceed in the buiiding or rebuilding* of any houfe over the faid water-courfe, unlefs fuch perfon fhall have caufed an arch of bricks or ftones, f\ich as the faid commiffioners fhall approve of, to be built oyer the extent of that part of the faid water-courfe over which fuch building is intended to be erected or built, or re-built, or (hall make any opening into, or communication witH the faid water-courfe, unlefs authorized by the faid commiffioners; and if any mill-wheel to be turned by water, or any gate, fluice or dam fhall be erected or made upon, or in the faid water-courfe, or in any houfe of eafe fhall be erected over the fame, or nearer thereto than eight feet, or any houfe or building over the faid water-courfe fhall be erected or proceeded in before fuch arch as aforefaid fhall be erected or built, or if any opening into, or communication with the faid water-courfe not authorized by the faid commiffioners fhall be made, the fame and every of fuch matters and things fhall be deemed a common nuifance or common nui-fances, and the fame may be prefented as fuch, and removed or abated in the fame manner as any common nuifance may by law be prefented and removed, or abated, and every perfon offending, fhall, on any indictment or information, be punifhed as any perfon guilty of caufmg any common nuifance may be punifhed, and fhall alfd forfeit the fum of five pounds, to be recovered in a fummary way before any juflice of the peace of the county, or county of the city in which the offence fhall have been committed, in the fame manner as any penalty for any offence againft this act recoverable before any juflice of the peace is by this act made recoverable; and fuch offender fhall be fubject to the faid forfeiture over and above the punifhment to which he or (he may be liable to, as aforefaid.

IX.	Hrovided always, That nothing herein contained, fhall extend to empower the faid commiflioners to flop up, or remove any of the publick grates, which fhall or may be

placed

Materials veiled in com.

Matters not to be done oa faid water- , courfe.

Com. not to remove gratae, Sec.

Digitized by LjOOQle

When encroachments are made, infpe&or <hah give not lice,

Ferfont who throw dirt, &c. forfeit 408. &c.

Forfeitures to be recovered as herein, &c.

the thirty-fixth Year of George III.

placed over the faid water-courfe, to convey the water fron the itreets, or from the fountains and conduits which bavq been, or may he erefted by the paving corporation for the ufe of the poor,

X.	And be it eqafted, That in every cafe where it lhaU appear to the faid corpniiflioners on the oath of any credible witnefs, which oath the faid commifhoners are hereby authorized to adminifter, that any encroachment or obstruction hath been made, or built on, or in the faid water-courfe whereby the water-way hath been contrafted or diminffhed% it (hall and may be lawful for the faid commifRoners to caufe notice in writing to be given bv the faid infpeftor, require big the owner or occupier of the houfe or place where fud^ encroachment or obftruftion hath been made, to remove the fame, before fuch reafonable time as (hall be mentioned in flich notice; and if fuch owner or occupier fhall negleft oil refufc to remove fuch encroachment or obftruftion within fuch time, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid eommif-fioners to caufe the fame to be removed; and fuch owner or occupier (hall pay the cofts and expence of removing fuch encroachment or obfbuftion, and the fame (hall and may be fued for, and recovered by, and in the name of the faid in-fpeftor, by civil bill.

XI.	And be it enafted* That if any petfon fhafl thrower cad, or caufe to be thrown any rubbifh* afhes, foil, or dirt into the faid water-courfe* every fuch perfon (hail for every offence forfeit the fum of forty (hillings, and alfo fucf\, fvim as fhall be equal to the expence and coft of removing, the rubbifh, afhes, foil, or dirt, which (ball be thrown into, the faid water-courfe,

XU.	And be it enafted, That every forfeiture or penalty w'hich fhall be incurred for any offence againfl the faid recited aft, or this aft, or any of the provifions herein con-, tained, fhall be recoverable by conviftidn before any one or more of his Majefty’s juftlces of the peace, afting wit hi a the county, or county of the city wherein the offence may happen to have been committed, and every fuch forfeituie or-penalty ftnlt, and may after fuch conviftion, be levied off the goods and chattels of the perfons fo convifted, by war-lant under the hand and feal of fuch juftice ; and in cafe the. perfon fo convifted as aforefaid, fhall npt have fufficient effefts whereout to levy fuch forfeitures or penalties, it fhall and may be lawful to and for fuch juftice before whom the offender or offenders fhall be convifted, to commit fuch offender or offenders to the common gaol, or houfe of correc-tion, to hard labour, for fuch time, not exceeding threq (nonths, qx lefs than one month, as fuch juftice in hts dif-

Digitized by

Google

The thirty-Jixth 71#r of Oeorge Ilf,

crction (hall think fit, unlefs fuck forfeiture or penalty (hall A. D. be fooner paid.	i	796.

XIII.	Provided always. That it (hall be lawful for the Chap. 44. juflice or juftices before whom fuch eonvi&ion (hall be had,

to mitigate any of the faid penalties, according to his difcre- Juftices may lion, and as the ability of the party and circumftanccs of the mitigate penal-cafe may require.	tlcs-

XIV.	And be it ena&ed, That in every cafe where any Convi^ioni perfon (hall be convi&ed of any offence againft this act, by figned by juftic* any juftice of the peace, fuch conviction (hall be figned by (hall be ita foi-fuch juftice, and (hall be in the following form of words, or lowing form, any other form of words to the fame effect, according to the

nature of the cafe, that is to fay,

County of

A. B .of	in	the	county of	Forai,

if convided on his own confeffiony or on the oath or oaths of

(as the cafe may be) of having (here deferibe the offence,)

Given under my hand and Jeal, this	day	of

XV.	And be it further enacted, That m cafe any perfon

who (hall hereafter be convicted of any of the offences pu- .Pcrf°nf a£-xii(hable by this ad, (hall conceive himfelf aggrieved by fuch £SVdcC?la7|a^ convi&ion, then and in every fuch cafe, it (hall and may be herein, lawful for fuch perfon to appeal to the next quarter fdfions of the peace to be holden for the county or county of the city, within which fuch offence (hall have been committed, giving to the juftice or juftices before whom fuch convidion lhall be, fix days notice at the lead, of his or their intention to prefer fuch appeal, and entering into a recognizance, with fufneient fecunties, to abide fuch order as the court (hall make ; and on every fuch appeal the juftices at fuch feffions, upon proof being made by the party fo appealing, of hi*9 having given fuch notice, asaforefaid, and entering into fuch recognizance as aforefaid, (hall and may, and they are hereby authorized to proceed to the hearing and final determination of the matter of the faid appeal, and to make fuch order therein, and award fuch cons, to be paid by and to either party as they in their diferetion (hall think fit, which faid order (hall be binding, conclufivc, and final upon all parties.

XVI.	And be it ena&ed, That all powers and provifions Provifionsof in the faid former ad, and in this ad, for the preservation this aft to extend of the faid water-courfe, called the poddle, and for the pre- as herein, ▼ention and removal of all obftru&ions, encroachments and

nuifances therein, (hall extend to the back fewer or fewers, from the faid cathedral church of faint Patrick; to the (aid water-courfe.

XVII.	And

gp8 The thiriy-Jixth Tear of George III.

A. D.

1796-

Chap. 44.

Forfeiture* to be paid, &c.

No a&i*n againft commif-#»oncrs, &c. a* a* herein.

Matters done under this a& not deemed unlawful, dec.

Plain tiff* not to recover, Ike. as herein.

XVII.	And be it enaded, That all fines and forfeituref inflided for any offence againft this ad, (hall, when recovered, be paid to the treafurer to the faid commiftiontrs, to be applied towards defraying the expences of the execution of this ad.

XVIII.	And whereas feveral perfons have built houfes over the faid water-courfe, without having fufficiently flip-ported fuch houfes, in fuch manner as that the covering of laid water-courfe may not be opened to cleanfe or repair the fame, without injuring fome part of the building over the fame, unlefs feme additional fupport be made thereto, previous to the gening of the faid water-courfe, be it enaded. That in every cafe where reafonable notice from the find fn-fpedor (hall be given to the owner or occupier of any houfe or tenement, that any breach or opening to the faid water-courfe is to be made, whereby it may be neceffary to fupport fuch houfe or tenement, to prevent any injury thereto, from the opening the faid water-courfe, and fuch owner or occupier mall negled at his own coft effedually to fupport fuch houfe or tenement, neither the faid commifiLoners nor any perfon employed by or ading under them, fhall be liable to any adion on account of any damage or injury which fuch houfe or tenement may fuftain by means of any breach or opening made into the faid water-courfe.

XIX.	And be it enaded, That where any diflrefs (hall he made, or any perfon apprehended for any fine or forfeiture in Aided for any offence againft this ad, the taking of fuch diftrefs or of fuch perfon fhall not be deemed unlawful, nor the party or parties taking the fame be deemed a trcfpaffer or trefpaffers, on account of any default or want of form in the warrant or warrants, or any proceedings relating thereto, nor be deemed a trefpaffer or trefpaffers, ab initio, on account of any irregularity which (hall be afterwards 'done, committed, or permitted by the patty executing fuch warrant ; but the perfons or perfons aggrieved by. fuch irregularity, may recover fatisfadion for the fpecial damage only, by adion on the cafe.

XX.	Provided always, That no plaintiff or plaintiffs (haU recover in any adion for fuch irregularity, trefpafs, or other proceedings, if tender of fufficient amends (hall be made, by or 011 behalf of the defendant or defendants before fuch action brought; and in cafe no fuch tender fhfcll have been made, it fhall and may be lawful for the defendant or defendants, in any luch adion, if he or they fhall think fit, at any time before ifl'ue joined, to pay into court, fuch fum of money as he or they fhall fee fit, whereupon fuch proceedings or order, and judgment (hall be made and given, in and

Digitized by

Google

Tie thirtyfxth Tear ef George III.

by filch court, as in other a&ions where the defendant is allowed to pay money into court.

XX t. And whereas for preferving the faid water-courfe free from all obftrudions, it will be neceffary that the faid two mills, and all dams, fluices, and other works thereto Belonging, which obftrud the free pafiage of the water, fhall no longer remain, and it will be reafonable that a com-penfation be made to all perfons having any eflate or intereft an the houfes in which fuch mills have been ereded, for fuch lofs as they (hall refpedively fuflain, by removing of fuch mills ; be it ena&ed. That the faid commifiioncrs fhall have full power and authority to agree with every perfon having an intereft in the faid milk, and the houfes in which they have been ere&ed, for a releafe, and extinguifhment of their right, title, and claim to continue or keep the faid mills, or any mill whatfoever, turned by water, in fucn houfes, or on the faid water-courfe.

'XXII. And be it cna&ed, That it fhall and may be lawful for all bodies politick or corporate, truftces, guardians and committees to lunaticks, and idiots, executors, adrmniflrators and guardians, whatfoever, not only for or on hehalf of themfelves, their heirs and fucceflors, but alfo \for and oa behalf of ceflui que trulls, whether infants or iflue unborn, lunaticks, idiots, feme coverts, or other perfons whatfoever, and for all feme coverts who are or fhall be feized in their own right, and for all perfons whatfoever, feized or poflefTed of, or interefted in the faid mills, to releafe and extinguifh their right, title, and claim to /continue or keep the laid mills, or any mill whatfoever, turned by water in the faid houfe6, or on the faid water-courfe; and that all compa&s, agreements, bargains, fales and conveyances, which fhall be made by fuch perfons, as aforefaid, fhall be good and valid in law, to all intents and purpofes, not only to releafe and extinguifh the right, title and claim of the perfon ot perfons fo releafing, but to releafe arid extinguifh the right and title of their feveral and refpe&ivc cejlui que trufts, whether infants or iffue born, lunaticks, idiots, feme eoverlr, or other perfons whatfoever, and all claiming or to claim, by, from or under them, any law, flatute, ufage, or any other matter or thing whatfoever to the contrary not-withflmnding; and that all fuch perfons, fo rcleafing as aforefaid, are, and fhall be indemnified for what they fhall do by virtue of or. in purfuance of this a£l.

XXIII.	And be it ena&edr That if any perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, or other perfon or perfons having or churning any eftate, right, title or interell in fuch mill or mills as aforefaid, fhall not agree for a releafe and catuiguifluoent of their refpedive rights, titles and claims

to

Two mills to be removed, &e. as herein.

All perfons interefted in faid mills may extin-guifb their rights, Set.

Not agreeing: for a releafe, & c. may iffue a precept to fheriffs of the city, a« herein.



4**

lb thirtyfixth Tear of George lit.

A* IX	to the keeping of anjr fuch mill on the faid watcr-courie, anA

1796.	(hall not produce ana evince a clear title t6 fu£h right or in-

Chap. 44. tereft as they claim, to the fatisfadion of the laid commiffi-*

oners, then, and in fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiffioners, and they aie hereby empowered and authorized to ifTue a warrant or warrants, precept or precepts, direded to the flierifTs of the city of Dubinin who are hereby authorized, directed and required accord* ingly, to impannel and return a Competent number of fub-flantial and difinterefted perfons qualified io ferve on juries, toot lefs than thirtydix* nor more than fixty, and out of fuch perfons fo to be impannelled, fummoned and returned, a jury of twelve perfons (hall be fworn, which perfons fo to be impannelled, fummoned and returned as aforefaid, are hereby required to appear before the faid commiffioners, at fuch time and place as in fuch warrant or warrants, precept of preceptlhall be dfreded and appointed, and to attend the laid commiffioners, from time to time, Until diftharged by them, and all parties concerned flail and may hive their lawful challenges againft any of the faid jury-men, but (hall not be at liberty to challenge the array» and the faid commiffi* oners are hereby authorized and impowered, by precept of precepts, Frotn time to time, as occafioli (hall require, to call before them all who (hall be thought proper* of neceffary to be examined &s Witiitfles before them, on their oath of oaths.

tfize the faid jury to view the place or places in queftion, in icich manner as they (hall dired; and the faid commiffioners (hall have power to adjourn fuch meeting, front day to day* as occafion (hall require, and to command fuch jury, wit-DcfTes, and parties to attend, Until fuch affairs for which they were fummoned fliall be concluded ; and fuch jury upon their oaths, (which oaths, as alfo the oaths to fuch per-fon or perfons as (hall be called upon to give evidence, the faid commiffioners are hereby empowered and required to adminifter) (hall enquire of the value of the lofs which every' perfon, having an eftate, right, title or intereft. in the faid mills, or either of them, lhall fullain by the removal of fuch mills from the faid water com fe, and (hall aflefs and award the fum or fums to be paid to every fuch per fon or perfons for the purchafe of a releafe and extlnguimment of their refpedive right, title, and claim to the laid mills re* fpedively, 011 the faid water-courfe, turned by water; and the faid commiffioners lhall and may S?ve judgment f°r fuch fum and fums of money fo to be aflefled, which faid verdict or verdids, and the faid judgment, decree or determination thereupon (notice in writing being given to the perfon or

touching and concerning the pfen iniffioners, if they think fit, mall

ifemifles ; and the faid com^ lall and mlikewife author

k

Digitized by v^ooQle

The thirtyfpet h Te{ir of George III.

(9ns iaterefted, at lead fourteen days before the time of the firff meeting of the (aid Jury, declaring the time and place of fuch meeting of the laid commiflioners and jury, leaving fych notice at the dwelling-houfe of fuch perfon or perlbns, or at his, her, or their ulual place or places of abode, or with fome tenant occupier of the laid mills intended to be valued and aflefled, in cafe fuch party cannot be found out i$ the city or county of Dublin, to be ferved with fuch no* tice) lhall be binding and conclufive, to all intents and pur-pofes whatfoever, againft all and every perfon or perfons, bodies politick and corporate, claiming any eftate, right, title, trud, ufe, or intereCb into, or out oT the faid mills, either in poflefliou, reverfion, remainder or expectancy, as well infants and iffue unborn, hmaticks, idiots, and feme coverts, and perlbns under any other legal incapacity or dilability, a$ all other cefttd que trulls, his, her, and their heirs, fucceflors, executors, and adminiftrators, and againd all other perfons whomfoever; and the faid verdicts, judgments and decrees, and all other proceedings of the faid commiffioners and juries t;o be made, given and pronounced as aforefaid, lhall be fairly written on parchment, and figned and fealed by the major part of the laid commiflioners who were prefent at, and pro*-opuncedfuch judgment and decrees.	'

XXIV.	And be it Further ena&ed, That upon payment qf fuch fum or fums of money, lo to be awarded or adjudged, the perfon or perfons to whom the fame lhall be awarded, for the relcafe and extinguilhment of*their right, title, end claim to the faid mills refpectively, on the faid water-courfe, turned by water, lhall make arid execute, or procure tp be made and executed, good, valid, and legal releafes in the law, to the faid commiflioners, of fuch right, title and claim, and lhall procure all neceffary parties to execute fuch igleafes, and 'lhall do all. acts, matters and things neceffary ?nd requifite to render the fame effectual, as lhall on the part of the faid commiflloneVs be required.

XXV.	Provided always, and be it enabled, That in cafe the perfon or perfons fo conveying, (hall not by law have fuch ellate, or intereff in the faid mills as would enable them without the intervention of this aA to make fuch conveyance, or in cafe fuch perfon or perfons, to whom fuch fum or fums lhall be awarded as aforefaid, lhall not be able to evince their title to the premifes to the faid commiflioners, and to make, or procure to be made good and valid releafea, or fliall refufe fo to do, being thereunto required, and fuch fum or fums, fo alTefled and awarded as aforefaid, being tendered to be paid to him, her, or them, on their making fuch ^tle, and executing, or procuring to be executed, fuch re-kafes as afprefaidi or in cafeduch pexfoq or perfons, to whom

Jfc>L. X*	C	jc	fuch



Upon payment of lums awarded, the parties interefted lhall execute releafes*

In cafes herein the money may be lodged in th^ bank, as herein, &«.

Digitized by kjOOQie

40

A. D.

1796. Cbsp. 44*

Alt agreement*, verdiAa, dec. relative to bid mills fhall be entered in rolls •fficc. See.

7*Le thirtyftxtb Tear of George 1ft.

fuck fum or fums of money fhall be awarded, as afbirfsuif/ cannot be found in the faid city, or in cafe, by reafon of difputea or differences, or for defe& of evidence, it (hall not appear to the faid coramifiioners* what perfon or perlbns is* or are entitled to the premifes in queftion, then, and in every fach cafe as afore (aid, it fhall and may b^ lawful to and for the faid commiflioners, and they are lvreby required to pay into, and depofite in the bank of Ireland, in the name of the accountant-general of his Majefty’s high court of chancery in this kingdom* the faid film or fums, fo agreed to be paid, or fo aflefied and awarded, as the value of, and the purchafe money for the releafe of aH his, her, or their right and title to the advantage or privilege of the faid mills or mill, which court is hereby empowered, in a fummary way, upon the fcvcral petitions of the refpe&ive parties, to hear, judge of, and determine, as well by the examination of witneffes upon oath, as by all othfcr ways and means, which the faid court fhall judge proper, the feveral rights, claims, and demands of all per ions interefted in the faid mill or mills; to afeertam and pay unto fucb perfon or perfons refpc&ively, according to their feveral interefla, fuch fhare and pfropor^ lion of kwh money as the (aid court of chancery ihaU judge fit; which judgment in fuch cafe (hall be final and conchi-* five.

XXVI^ And fce it further enabled, That all agreement^ verdicts, judgments, fentcnees, decrees, orders, and other proceedings of the faid commiflioners and juries, as relate to, or concern tlic faid mills or mill, the right <0 Which it to be puvohafed as aforefaid, fhall be entered in the rolls-* office of the faid court of chancery, and the fame, or tnle Copies thereof, (hall be deemed and taken to be good and cffe&ual evidence and proof m any court or courts of law or equity whatfoever y and immediately on fuch payment and entry of fuch agreements, verdipts, judgments, fentehcet* decrees, orders, and other proceedings of the faid commit* fibners and juries, as aforefaid, all the right, title, and claim m law and equity, of the perfon or perfons for whofe ufe fuch money fhall be paid as aforefaid, in or to the having or keeping the faid mills or mill, fhsdl ccafe and determine J and the faid commiflioners (hall and may ifiue their preccpf or precepts to the fhcriffs of the cky of Dublin, to difa place and remove the water-wheels and all other machinery of the faid mills or mill connected' therewith ; and to re** move all gates, fluiccs, dams, and other obflructions, on or in the faid w'ater-courfe, belonging to fuch mflls;

XXVII.	And in order to raife a fund to carty the ptti« ' pofes of this act into execution, be it enacted,- That the • laid commiflioners, or any five or move of them, (h«Ur from

that

Tfa thirty-Jixth Tear of George III.	4.	j	*

time to thne, fis often as they (hall find it neceflary, lay A. D* tych tax orafleilment a9 they (hall think fufitcient to defray 1796. the expence of the execution of this act, upon the dean, Chap. 44. dignitaries, and prebendaries of the faid cathedral church V,^-— — pf Saint Patrick’s; Dublin ; and upon every houfe in the Gomn 1 : .;xl\3 liberties or baronies of Saint Sepulchre’s, and Thomaa court ™aycax tr c and Donore, in the faid act named, and Upon every houfe	"J,,/*

now built or hereafter to be built, fituate in the city of every houic/^c. Dublin, of in the adjoining liberties or baronies of Saint as herein Sepulchred, Thomas-court and Donore, or in the county of Dublin, and which houfes are, or (Hall be alfo liable to the tax for the fupport of the work-houfe or foundling-hofpital, and under which lioufes the faid water-courfe runs, pr mall run, or from whence any water fhall flow through any fewer or drain into the faid water-courfe 5 and upon every houfe flow built, or hereafter to be built on the fide* bf ftreets in the faid city of Dublin, or in the faid adjoining liberties or baronies, or in the ^county of Dublin ; and which houfes are or fhall be alfo liable to the tax for the fupport of the work-houfe or foundling-hofpital, the kennels df which flreets empty and difeharge themfelvc# into the faid water-courfe, or into any fewer or drain communicating With, or leading or running into the faid Water-courfe, a certain tax, not exceeding in any one year, one (hilling in the pound fterling, of the refpective yeafly values or rents, according to which fuch houfes are, or (hail be reflectively chargeable to the tax for the fupport of the faid work-houfe or foundling-hofpital, fuch tax to be equally rated and affefled, by warrant under the hands and feals of any five or more of the faid commifiioners, upon the ieveral in* habitants of fuch refpective houfes as aforefaid, provided the amount of faid rate, impofition, or cefs, fhall not exceed the fum of three pounds for’ any one houfe in any one year; and fhall alfo rate and aflefs upon the dean, dignitaries, and prebendaries of the faid cathedral church, of Saint Patrick’s, and on his Majefty’s callle of Dublin, and the precincts thereof, comprehended within the places from whence the faid waters defeend into the faid water-courfe, and through whifch the faid water-courfe runs, fuch rate and aflefiment as the faid commifiioners, or any five or more of them, (hall think reafonable; and the faid commifiioners /hall fpecify, in the order of aflefiment to be made by them, the time w'hcn fuch rate and afiefiment fhall be paid.

XXVIII.	And be it enafted, That the faid coipmiflior-	m

ers, or any five or more of them, fhall have full power to appoint and dtf-appoint pioper perfons to be colledlors of the faid rates and mil* colU&ori, afiefiments, and from time to time to remove fuch colle&ore,

C c z	or

/

v

Digitized by kjOOQle

4°4

A. D.

1796. Chap. 44.

Com. to take the following oath.

The thirtyfixth Tear of George III.

tfr\nj of them, and to appoint new ones, in cafe of death, or of fuch removal, who (hall forthwith pay the fame to the tneaforer to the faid commiflioners.

XXIX.	And be it further ena&ed, That before the rate, imposition or ccfs, (hall be impofed, each of the (kid com* irnflionere, fo impofing the fame, (hall take the fallowing oath.

Oath.	/	A.	B. (mentioning the name) do folemnly f'wear, in the

, prefence of Cod, that I will adfairly % honefily, and impartially, to the heft of my judgment, a* a commijfoner, under an ad, entitled, u An ad for preventing the mundaiitms of the Poddle river in Dublin, and for preferring the cathedral church tf Saint Patrick, and the houfej of the adjoining inhabitant*, from t \*e damage* arifing therefrom and that the cefs, impofitm or rate which IJbeil tmpofe, Jhall be fuch only a* I Jhall deem neccjfary for the purpofe* of the faid ad, and no other.

So help me God.

Com. may ad* immftcr the oath to each other.

AlTeflmeirts to he paid to collector* at time appointed, Ac.

Which oath (ball and may be adminiftercd by any of the faid commiflioners to the reft, and fo by any of them (when fworn) to the perfon who (hall have firft adminiitered the fame.

XXX.	And be it ena&ed, That when any rate (hall be fo affeffed, the fame (hall be paid to the colle&ors thereof rcfpc&ively, immediately after fuch tiitjc as the fame (hall be made payable 1 and all goods aud chattels in the houfe* or tenements aefpe&ively, liable to the fame, are hereby made fubjc& thereto, and if the fame (hall not be paid to any collector of the faid rates, on the fecond demand made at the houfe fubje& to the payment thereof, it (haft and may be lawful for fuch collc&or to diftrain the goods in fuch houfe, and to fell the fame, if fuch rate he not paid m ten days 5 and if any perfon (hall replevy the goods (b dif-trained, it (ball be fumcient in law for the colle&or of fuch rates to avow generally that the diftrefs was taken by virtue of the powers in this a&> and may juftify the taking in the words following, or to the like effect:

Form of jufti-	Becatfe the faid A. B. was at the time (when andfoforth,)

ation.	a	cdUcdctr	of the rates granted by an ad of Parliament, made

in the thirty fixth year of the reign of hi* Majefiy, Geoige the third, and fo forth, entitled, u An ad for preventing the aiiot-xlations of the Poddle river, m Dublin, and for prefervmg the cathedral church of Saint Patrick, tend the houfe* of the aeyoiw ing inhabitants, from the damages arifmg therefrom ” and that the, ftim of	was the fum rated and

offjfcd, to he levied out of the houfe in which, findfo forth, on

the

•igitizedtty* Google

The* thirty forth Year *f George III.

the	day	of	and	that the

fame had been twice demanded and was not paid, but was due at the time when, andfo forth.

And a certificate figned by the faid commiflioners, that fuch fum was affefTed oi\ the faid houfe, by virtue of this act* and the time the fame was directed to be levied, and that A\ B. was, at the time of taking fuch diftrefs', fuch collector, (hall be admitted as evidence of the faid facts..

XXXI.	And be it enacted. That if any action, fuit, or information (hall be commenced, or profecuted againft any perfon or perfons, for any matter or thing which he or they ihall do, in purfuance, or by virtue, or execution of this act, the fame (hall be commenced within three months next after the alledged caufe of action or information (hall accrue, and the defendant or defendants in fuch action may plead the general iffue, and give this act and the fpecial matter in evidence againft the plaintiff, upon any trial*to be had thereupon ; and if the plaintiff or profecutor (hall become non* fuit, or fuffer difcontinuance, or if a verdict pafs againft the plaintiff, or profecutor, or if upon demurrer, judgment pefs againft him, the defendant or defendants (hall recover treble cofts againft fuch plaintiff or profecutor, for which there fhall be like remedy as in any cafe where cofts by law arc given to defendants.

XXXII.	And beit enacted, That the faid commiffion-m (hall and may alter the direction or courfe of faid river or fewer, if to them it (hall appear expedient fo to do.

XXXIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid commiflioners, or any five or more of them, by writing, under their hands and feals, fhall and may, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to elect, nominate and appoint one fit atod proper perfon to be treafurer* and from time to time, as they fhall fee occafion* to remove fuch treafurer, and to elect, nominate and apt* point a new one, in cafe of the death or removal of fuch perfon, and fuch perfon fo to be elected, nominated and appointed treafurer, (hall, upon oath, if thereto required by the faid commiflioners, or any five or more of them, (which oath the faid commiflioners, or any one of them, are hereby* empowered to adminifter) on ^hc firft day of March, in every year, or oftener if required, give in a true, exa&, and perfect account in writing under his hand, of all money which he (hall, during the fpace of twelve calendar months, next immediately preceding the faid firft day of March* have received, paid, and difburfed, by virtue of his faid

office

Certificate figned by com, evident# of fa&s.

Saits to be commenced

Within $ nwftibc

Cam. may nU tey- the courfe of the poddle.

Com. may appoint a tfe*-furce. ,

Digitized by

Not to exempt houfes that V'g Id have been taxed.

Firft money lifed, (hall go i defray ex-mcci of this

A publick

The thirty-ftxth Tear of George III.

office of treafurer, and from whom, and to whQip, and for what purpofe and purpofes, and on what occafion and occa-dons he has fo received, paid and difburfed the fame, or any part thereof, and at what time and times respectively, pro-vided fuch perfon (hall have been elected, nominated, aiwj appointed treafurer for the fpace of twelve calendar months, next immediately preceding the faid firft day of March, and, if not, for fuch fpacc of time as he (hall have been elcctcdj nominated and appointed treafurer, before the faid firft day of March in every year.

XXXIV.	Provided al\yays, and it is hereby declared and ena&ed, That nothing herein contained (hall exempt, or (hall be conllrued to exempt any houfc from being taxed, for the purpofe of cleanfmg the faid water-courfe called the Pod-dell or Poddle, which would have been liable to be taxed for that purpofe, in' cafe this act had never pffed or been enacted.

XXXV.	And be it further enacted, That fuch fum as (hall be fufficient to defray the expences which (hall be necefiarily incurred in procuring this act, (hall be advanced and paid out of the firft furp or fums of pioney which (LI be raifed and levied under the powers vefted in the faid com-miflioners by this ^ct, any thing herein before contained notwithftanding. '

XXXV I. Apd be it enacted, That this act fhall be deemed, tttken, and allowed in all courts withiif this kingdom, as a public act; and all judges are hereby required as fuch, to take notice thereof, without fpecially pleading th^ fame.	*	’	•	•

CHAP. XLV,

An AB for the better Regulation of the Woollen and Cotton Manufa&vres.

preamble.	HE	REAS	it	frequently	happens	that	materials	ufed

in the woollen and cotton manufactures are found or known to be concealed iri the poffcffion of perfons who have received the fame, knowing them to /be purloined or embezzled, or of perfons known not to be entitled to dif-pofe of the fame: And whereas the difeovery and conviction of the purloincrs and embezzlers, buyers and receivers of Inch materials is fnll of difficulty, from the clofe and clan-dcftinc manner in which the* offence is Committed, and there; H dill greater difficulty iri proving whole property fuch materials

Digitized by boogie

$h$ tfnrtyfixth Tear of Gewrgc III.

t*&ale arc; and it would tend to the diTcouragcment $ud fuppreffion of fuch offences, if the difcovery and conviction of fuch offenders were iendered more cafy ; be it enacted by the King's moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice find confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it (hall and may be lawful for any juftice of the peace, upon complaint made upon oath, by any credible pCrfon, or (being of the people palled qnakers) upon folemn affirmation, that there is caufe to fufpeft that any purloined or embezzled materials, whether mixed or unmixed, wrought or unwrought, are concealed in any dwelling-houfc, out-houfe, yard, garden, or other place or plabes, by virtue of a warrant under his hand and feal, to caufe fcvery fuch dwelling-houfe, out-houfe, yard, garden, or place to be fearched in the day-time ; and if any fuch materials fuf-pefted to be purloined or embezzled^ fhall he found therein, to caufe the fame, and the perfon or pprfons in whofe houfe, put-houfe, yard, garden, or other place, the fame fhall be found, to be bmught before any juftice of the peace, snd if the faid perfon or perfons fhall not giye an account to the fatisfaftion of fuchjuftice, how foe* pr they came by the fame, then the faid perfon or perfoo3 £p offending, fhall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a mifdcmpanor, amd fhall be punifhed in manner herein after nrcqtiau^, although no proof fhall be given to whom fuch materials fhall he* fong.

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore fa«d, That every peace officer and conftabk, ancl in cities aod towns, every beadle within his ward* parifh, or dill rift, aiid every watchman during fuch time only as hp is on his duty, fhall and may apprehend or caufe to be apprehended % all and} fvery perfon or perfops who may be rtafonably hifpeftcdi of having 'or carrying, or in any wife conveying at any time, after fun-fetting and before fun-riling, any of fuch materials^ fufpefted to be purloined or embezzled, and the fame together with fuch perfon or perfons, as fouu as conveniently may be, convey or carry before any juftice of the peace for. the county or place in which tl\e fufpecttd pevfon or perfons, fhall be apprehended; and if the perfon or perfons To ap-

Srehendea in conveying any fuch materials, fbalj not pi,o-uce the party or parties duly entitled to difpofc thereof, from whom he, fhe, or they bought or received the fame, or fome other credible witnefe, to teftify upon oath, (or being of the peopk. called quakers upon fole*w affirmation) the fak or delivery of the CaiA materials, which path or affirmation refpeftively, fuchjuftice is hereby empowered to l^ipiftcr), or fhall uot give an account to the fatibfaftioa

of

A. D.

1796-Chap. 45*

Juft ices may « grant warrants to fearch for embezzled ma* terials,

Peaqe officer*^

5cc, may take up perfons conveying material^ flippoied to be ^nibczzlcdr.

Digitized by

. Perfon* may hav^ time to procure wit* ueflt*.

Material* fo

foimd, how dif-poied of.

The ikirfi/htti Ttor *f Gttogi III.

trf flidljoftrofi hbwHe, fbe, or tfrey came fry the fame, then the (aid perfon or perfon# fo apprehended, (hall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a ntHdcitoeanor, and be punifhed in manner herein after ihentioned, although no proof Audi be . giveri to whom fuch materials belong.

III.	Provided always, and be it further eoaded by the authority aforefaid, That in either of the two cafes lail before mentioned, when any perfon or perfons Who (hall be brought before any juft ice of the peace, (hall requefl of fuch juftice to hppOmt a reafonable time to produce the perfon or pdrfons duly entitled to fell or difpofe of the fame, of or from whom he, fee, or they bought or received the fame; or fome one or moj*e credible witnefs or witnefles to prove the fale or delivery thereof, then, and in fuch cafe, it (hall aod may be lawful for the laid juftice, and he is hereby authorized and required to appoint fuch reafonable time a6 aforefaid, and to HTue out a fummons to the conftable or other

Ke officer of the parifti or place where fuch perfon or per-j or fuch Witnefs or witnefles (hall refpcdively refide, requiring him, her, or them, to appear before fuch juftice, at fuch time and place as (ball be fo appointed by fuch juftice, in order to be examined, and ghe evidence on oath, or (being of the people called quakers) folemn affirmation of the feveral matters aforefaid ; but fuch perfon or perfons, at the time of tnaking foch requeft, (hall enter into recognizance with or without furety or fureties, as fuch juftice (hall think proper, for his, her, or their appearance before them, at the time to be fixed or appointed, or for want tof fuch re* cognizance as aforefaid, (hall be committed until the time that (hall be fetN or appointed by the faid juftice for the appearance of fuch party or parties, witnefs or witnefles ; and if at fuch appointed time, fuch perfoh or perfons (hail be convj&cd of any of the offences aforefaid, then and in fuch cafe, he, (he, or they (hall fuffer fuch puniftunent as is herein after dire&ed to be inflided on perfons guilty of fueh offences.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That where any perfon or perfons (hall be convi&ed of a mifdtmeanor, in cither of the two cafes laft before menth toned, it (hall and may be lawful for the juftide before whom the tonvidion (hall be, to caufe the faid materials, fo found or fei&ed as aforefaid, to be depofited in the hands of the church-wardens of the parifti wherein fuch materials are found or feized, for any time not exceeding thirty days; and in the ntean time to order the faid church-wardens, Or tone of them, to infert ap advertifemcat in fome eae or more

p!

t

Digitized by i^ooQle

(

The thirtyjixth Teat aj Qcofgc IIF.

the pcrWfe ntwfpapers, ufuaOy pubfifhed in or near finch plage, and aMo to caufe notice to be given, if in a city qr town, by fome publick cryer, and by fixing trp notice on feme publick place within the fame, defcribing fnch ftiatqp. als, and where the fame are deposited, to the end that per*.

Ions having loll fuch materials, or any perfon or perfons cm their behalf, may come and claim the fame ; and fn cafe any perfon. or perfons cim prove hi6, her, or their property in the fftkl materials, open oath, or (being of the people called quakers) upon his, her, or then* folemn affirmation, to the fatfcfa&ion of any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the faid diftri&, then fuch juilice or juftices fhaM order refutation of fnch materials to the owner or owners thereof, after paying the rcafonable charges of removing, depofiting, and giving publick notice of the fame ; bnt if before rhe end of the faid thirty days, no perron or perform fhall come and prove Ins, her, or their property in fuch materials, nor any reputable perfon or perfons on his, her, or their behalf, then the faid juftice fhall order and direft thfc fame tb be fold for the bed price that can reafonably be had, and after deducing fuch charged as aforefaid, together With the charges of fale, onfe moiety of the money arifing from fuch fale fhall b'e given to the perfon or perfons, or either of them, who fhall have apprehended or profecuted the offender or offenders, guilty of either of the mifdemea* nors aforefaid, the faid juftice or juftices fhall appoint, and the other moiety thereof either to and amongft thqpoot of the parifh, where the eonvi&ion fhall he, or to fuch pub-lick charity or charities as the juftice or juftices convi&ing (hall appoint.

V.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,	.

That every perfon deemed and adjudged guilty of a mifde- ^ii^y ofirUfde-meanor, in having in his,or her pofleffion, any material Sicanon, at fufpe&ed to be purloined or embezzled, and not producing herein, the party or paitfes being duly entitled to d'fpofe of the fame, of whom he or fhe bought or received the fame, nor giving a fatisfactory account how or fhe came by the fame, or of a mifdemcanor in having, carrying, or conveying of the faid materials .fufpedfced to be purloined or embezzled, and not producing the party or parties being duly entitled to difpofe of the fame, of whom he or fhe bought or received the fame, nor any credible witnefs to teflify upon oath, or, being of the people called quakers, upon folemn affirmation, the lale or delivery thereof, nor giving a fatisfa&ory account bow he or filename by the fame, as the cafe fhall be, fhall, for every fuch mifdemeanor, forfeit for the firft offence the fain of five pounds, arid, for the fecund offence the fum of ten pounds, and for, every fubfequeat offence the fum of I	twenty.

3*en*ltT on

Digitized by booQle



Owners of

materials may enta (hops, flee, to inlpe& material*.

Offenders not able to pay fines, may be committed for i month.

The thirty-fxth Tear of George HI.

twenty pounds; all which (Kid refpeftive forfeitures fhaQ and may be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chat* teh of every fuch offender, rendering to him or her the over* plus, after the charges of the faid diftrefc and fale are dedufted, by warrant under the hand and feal of the juft ice before whom fuch offender (hall be deemed and adjudged guilty ; of which forfeiture one moiety (hall be paid to the informer, and the other moiety thereof to and among# the poor of the parifh, where fuch conviftion (hall be, or to foch publick charity or charities as the juftice convicting (hall appoint; and if no fufEciept diftrefs (hall be found, whereo* to levy the refpective forfeitures, then the faid juftice (hall and may commit every fuch offender, fo refpectively deemed and adjudged guilty as aforefaid, to the common gaol or other prifon or' houfe of correction, within his or their jurisdiction, without bail or iuainprize, for the fpace of one month, and fot the fecond offence for the fpace of two months, and for every fubfequent offence for the fpace of three months. -

VI.	And whereas it fometjmes happens, by occaflon of n,

very long detention of fuch materials as aforefaid, delivered out to journeymen or other perfons employed to work up the fame, it cannot be known to the mailers or owners of fuch materials, whether the fame may have be?11 purloined or embezzled, or whether t^e faid materials are wholly or ia part wrought or begun to be wrought, or in what ftatepr condition fuch material? may be : For remedy thereof, be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the palling of this aft, it fhall be Iawfql for ^he o^ncr or ownen pf any fuch materials, from time to time as occaflon (hajl requiry, to demand entrance, and enter at all reafonable hours in the day time, into the (hops or out-hpufes of any peifon or peyfon$ employed by hpn or them, to work up any of the faid materials, or other place or places where the work (hall be carried on^ and there to infpeft the ftate and condition of fuch materials I and in cafe of refofal by any' fuch perfon or perfons fo employed, to permit fuch entrance or infpeftion, he, (he, pr they fo refufing, (hall forfeit and pay fuch fum of money, not exceeding forty (hillings, nor lefs than ten (hillings, as the juft ices before whom he, (he, or they (hall be conyifted, fliall think proper ; to be recovered and applied in the fame manner as is by this aft direfted for the miidemeanor of being in the poffcflion of any fuch materials, without being awe to account fatisfaftonly foi fuch poffcflion.	J

VII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefoid, That in cafe of any offender, convifted under this aft, re-' fufmg or not being able to pay fuch flue or lines, as afor^-

+

Digitized by Google

Ybe thirtyfixth Tear of George III.

Taid, then the (aid juftice (hall and may commit every fiich ofFender to the common gaol or other prifon, or houfe of cor region within his or their jurisdiction without bail or mainptize, for the fpace of one month, or until fuch fine or fines (hall be paid as aforefaid.

. VIII. And be it further en^Cted by the authority aforefaid, That this aCt (hall be taken and allowed to be a publick a&, adl in all courts within this kingdom ; and all judges an£ juftices of the peace are hereby required to take notice thereof as fuch, without fpecially pleading the fame*

A publish

CHAP. XLVII.

An Ad to amend certain Parts of the Laws, refpeding thy Linen and Hempen Manufactures.

WHEREAS it may conduce to the encouragement of the growth of flax and hemp in this kingdom, if the truftees of the laid manufactures were empowered to pay the premiums they may offer for that purpofe, in wheels, reels,

'or looms : be it enaCtetl by the King’s moft excellent Majef-ty, by and witfi the advice and confept of the lords fpi-rftua} and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament affcmbled, and by the authority of the fame, That Trufteos may 'it (hall and may be lawful fop the faid truftees, to apply any apply any part part or parts of the money granted to them by parliament, in money grant-the purchafe of wheels, reels, and looms, to be given in pre-mium8 for fowing flax-feed 01 hemp-feed in all or any of the pofes’as herein, counties of this Kingdom, to the perfon or perfons who (hall be entitled to receive fuch premiums, any law to the contrary nptwitldtanding : and that no wheels, reels, op looms, fo given as premiums, *(hallbe deemed a grant thereof, within the meaning of an aCt paffed in this kingdom, in the twenty-firft anajwcnty-fecond years of his prefent Majefty, entitled, An ad for prohibiting the ufe of lime in bleaching, re-f dating feal-maflers of linens, encouraging the homc-manufaduge of afhes for bleachers ufey enlarging and rendering more commodious the Linen-hall, m the city of Dublin, and other purpofes therein mentioned; provided that fuch premiums (hall nave been publickly and openly offered, and that all perfons who can entitle themfelves under fuch offer, be at liberty to claim the famC. '

II. And whereas a propofal has been made to the faid truftees, which they think may, if carried into execution, tend much to the advantage of the linen manufacture, whi^h propofal ife to the effeCt following, That a machine having

beeq

*

Digitized by

Google

The thirtyfixtb Tear of Goorge III.

been invented for manufacturing flax into yarn, by drawug, roving, and (pinning it; and alfo for carding, roving and {pinning the tow of flax into yam, both whieh effect the making yarn of better quality, and at a much lefs ex pence, than by common fpinnmg wheels; and that for the purpofc of carrying the faid procefs into execution, a full and complete fet of machinery, for the purpofet aforeiaid, (hall be erefted in the city of Dublin, with a water-wheel, or a fhaft, and the aeneflary appendage for horfes, fuch machinery to confift of a machine for drawing and roving flax, a (pinning machine for fpinning flax, with at lead thirty-fpm-cues, a carding machine, and a drawing, roving, and fpic-ning machine Tor tow ; be it enaCted, That it (hall and may apply fuch part be lawful for the faid truilees to apply fuch part of their funds of fwid» as they ^	fhall think proper, for adopting the (aid propofol,

carrying°£id °* canT,n^ lt fully int0 execution, any uw to the contrary purpofe* imo notwithftanding ; and alfo in paying premiums for the firft execution; and thou (and fpindies which (hall be ereCtcd in this kingdom, .inpremiums, as under fuch terms and conditions as (hall be dire&cdby the bcrcin*	faid truftees: Provided always, that one condition thereof

fhall be, that every fpindle, for which fuch bounty (hall b6 paid, (hall be really and bona fide ufed and continued in the fpinning of linen yam, for the fpace of three yean at the lead.

All unbleach- HI* And be it further enaCted, That all unbleached lied linens deem- nens (hall be deemed and are hereby declared to be brown td brown linens, linens, within the meaning of the feverallaws now in force, rcfpe&ing the linen and hempen manufactures,

CHAP. XLVIIL

Truftees may

An Ait to explain and amend an A3, entitled. An A3 for naturalizing fuch Foreign Merchants, Traders, Artificers, Ar-1	tbcansy	Manufadurers, Workmen, Seamen, Farmers and

others, who Jhall fettle in this Kingdom.

Foreigners "WT PEREAS by an aCt made in this kingdom, in the deemed ftibji £s VV nineteenth and twentieth years of. his prefent Ma» by naturalizati- jefty, entitled, An A3 for naturalizing fuch foreign mer-on a<8 19 and	chants,	traders, artificers, artizans, manufadurers, workmen,

aoth Geo. 3.	feamen, farmers,	and others>	as Jhall fettle m this kingdom,	it

is enacted. That all foreign merchants, traders, artificers, artizans, manufacturers, workmen, feamen, farmers ana others, who fhould tranfport him, her, or themfelves, to fettle in any part of this kingdom, (hall, after his, her, or tHeir arrival within this* kingdom, and after his, her, or their

taking

Digitized by Google

The thirty-ftxtb Tear §f George III.

taking the oath therein prescribed, (or affirmation if a quake**,) before the chief magistrate of any city or town corporate, for the time being, (hall be deemed, adjudged, and reputed a liege, free, and natural fubjeft, or fubjett* of this kingdom, in every refpeCfc, condition, and degree, to all intents, conflru&ions and purpofes, as if he, (he, or they had keen, or were bom within this kingdom, any law or ftatuto to the contrary notwithftapding, whilil he, (he, or they fhall rcfide in this kingdom: And whereas feveral persons with large perfonal fortunes, have transported themfclves to fettle in this kingdom ; and feveral perfons poflcfling large perfonal properties have been for fome years laft pad, red-dent in this kingdom, and are dedrous to fettle therein, and to lav out large Sums of money in the purchafe of lands ia this kingdom, provided they (hall be naturalized, and thereby enabled or entitled to make Such purchafes : and whereas Dome doubts have arifen, whether Such perfons, not being of die defeription of merchants, manufacturers, tradefmen, feamen, or farmers, would be, under the words or fpirit of the faid recited claufe, entitled to the benefit of the Said i therefore be it enaCted and declared by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords' fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aftcrabled, and by the authority of the fame, That all and every foreign perfon or perfons of whatfoever de-feription, who now is, or are refident in this kingdom, or fhall hereafter transport him, her, or themfelves, to fettle in any part of this kingdom, after his, her, or their taking the oath (or affirmation if a quaker,) p re Scribed by the Said recited a£t of the nineteenth and twentieth years of his prefent Majefty, before the chief magiftrate of any city or town corporate in this kingdom, for the time being, who k hereby authorized to adminifter fuch oath or affirmation unto fuch perfon or perfons, and thereupon to certify in writing, under his hand, his, her or their doing thereof, unto his Majefty’s high court of Chancery, therein to remain on record, (hall be deemed, adjudged, and reputed iiege, free, and natural (fcbjeCfc or fubjeifts of this kingdom, in every refped, condition and degree, to all intents, ccm-ftru&ions, and purpofes, fls if he, (he, or they had been, or were bom within this kingdom; and fuch perfon and perfons (hall be entitled to take, hold, and enjoy any lands, tenements, hereditaments and premifes in this kingdom, either by purchafe, defeent, or otherwife, as a natural born ftibjedl of this kingdom could take, hold, and enjoy the - fame, any law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftand-ing*

II. Provided

4»S

A. D.

>79 & Chap. 40-

foreigners wh# take oath herein, deemed natural Subjects, &c.

Digitized b;

by Google-

414	M*	ihirtyjtfzth	Year	if	George III.

A/ D; ,11. Provided always. That no perfon, of any dcfcrtpCio* 1796. whatfoever, fhall be entitled to the benefit of this ad, or of faid recited ad, who (hall not previoufty' harp obtained. & licenfe from the chief governor bi Chief governors, for the time being, in Council, of his or her being a fit and proper perfon <0 be naturalized ; which Hcenfe he or (he (hail produce to fuch magi ft rate before he (ball admin ifter, or be ao* thorized to admin ifter the faid oath ; and the faid Hcenfe fhall be filed with the magiftrate’s certificate in the coart of Chancery, there to remain on record

III. Provided always. That nothing herein contained* fhall be conftrued to extend to qualify any fuch perfon to be t member of his Majefty’s moft honourable privy council, or to fit or vote in either houfe of parliament, or to hold any office or place of truft under his Majcfty, his hein or fucceffors;

CHAP. L.

An AQ for rendering more effeQunl the Laws for preventing Encroachments, and the committing of Wafte on Commons in this Kingdom.

WHEREAS the laws now irf force have not proved fufficient to prevent encroachments, and the commuting of wafte on extenfive commons: be it therefore en-aded by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it (hall and may be lawful for the grand jury of any county in this kingdom, in which there are com- there (hall be a common, not confifting of lefs than two pointin^edtors, thousand acres of land, Irifh plantation meafure, at any af. &c.	fi7.es to bt held for fuch county, frdm tkne to time, to pre*

Pent and appoint a fit perfon to be iufpedor of fuch common, for preserving the fame from encroachments and nui-fances, and preventing the committing of wafte thereon; and from time to time to remove fuch perfon from fuch office, and appoint another in his (lead, as to any fuch grand jury (hall feem fit y and fueh infpedor (hall have power to nominate and appoint any number of proper perfon3 that fuch grand jury (hall dired, not exceeding three, and for whofe diligence and condud he (hall be refponfible, to be fub-infpedors of fuch common ; and from time to time to remove them from fuch office, and appoint others in their

(lead,

Foreigner* fiuli obtain licences.

Not to be Ortvy counfel-MTV, 3CC.

<5. juries of countie* where

Digitized by t^ooQle

The thiriyfixth Tear of George III.

and fuch fub-infpeftors (hall obey fuch iufpeftor in *11 lawful matters and things, ncceffary for preventing encroachments and nuifances on fuch common, and the committing of watte thereon, and for bringing offenders to pu-mfhment*

II.	And be it enafted, That fuch grand jury fhall and Aiay appoint fuch yearly falary or allowance for fuch in** ^oaor* fpciStor and fub-infpeftors as they (hall think proper ; provided that the amount of fuch falaries or allowances fhall

not in any one year exceed the fum which fuch grand jury is by this aft authorized toraife by prefentment for thatpur-pofe.

III.	And in order to raife a fnm fufficient to defray the G. jury may

cxpence of fuch falaries or allowances, be it enabled, That P«*fent forjpay-the grand jury of fuch county, at the afiizes therein, fhall#	u“Pecw

once in the year* prefent fuch fum to be raifed off the occupiers of the land furrounding fuch common, and

mearing therewith, or fronting to the fame, as fhall be ne-ceffary for the purpofe aforefaid, not exceeding in any one year three-pence for every perch lineal or running meafure #f the front of fuch land, adjoining to fuch common.

* IV. And be it enafted, That the firms fo to be prefented Money to 1*€ fhall be levied and raifed in fame manner, and under the k*>ed as herein, fame powers and authorities, as any money prefented by grand juries of counties may by law be levied and raifed j and the treafurer flf the county fhall pay to fuch infpeftor and fub-infpeftors, the falaries appointed for them refpec-tively* in the fame manner as any other falary or allowance payable by him out of money prefented by any grand jury.

CHAP. LL

An AS td expJuin and amend federal ABs heretofore poffed for the fighting, cleanfmg, and watching of Cities, Towns Corporate, and Market Towns*

WHEREAS by an aft patted in the twenty-fifth year

of the King, entitled, An ad for reviving, continue &CM/Ohoid vCf-ing and amending feveral temporary flatutes, it is amongft tries for ap . other things enafted* That the federal regulations therein pointing watch-contained, refpeftmg the lighting, cleanfing, and watching mcn> &tc*

•f cities, fho'ild be continued for twenty-one years, and to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; and vrtmreas it is expedient that like regulations and powers

fhould

Salary for inf-

Digitized by

Google

416	Tit dnrJWgf G<org*ff L.

A- D.

1796.

| Cb*p. 51.

Contnfts for lighting dries and towns, may be made a*^ fcereiji.

lkoU.4)e extended to other towns, not being- cities; be it ena&ed by the king’s mod excellent Majcfty, by tad with the advice and confect of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefect parliament affcmbW, and by the authority of the fame, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the minifler, church-wardens, and pa-rUhioners of die feveral and refpe&ive parifhes wherein the parifti church or churches (hall be htuated in any town-corporate or market-town, at their refpe&ive veiiric#, to be held from time to time on every firfi day of July, and if Sunday, the day after, and by adjournment from day to day, (Sunday excepted) in each year, as from time to tame fball feem meet and expedient, notice of the holding of fuch veltrics being ftrft given by the minifler of the pa-erfh, fix days previous to the holding the fame, and which hud veftries the miniliers of faid feveral parifhes ace hereby authorized and required to appoint a fufficient number of able watchmen, and to appoint the times of watch, and wages for fuch watchmen, and necefiary articles for watch-homes, and to appoint annual overfeers of fuch watches, to fee that the fame are duly kept, and to appoint others in the room of fuch of them as {hah mifbehavc themfelvcs; and that it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid watchmen, or any of them, to apprehend all idle and diforderly perfon and per Tons that they or any of them fhall find in the aight-time, making any affray or committing any breach of his Majefly’s peace in fuch towns, at late and unfeafonablc hours of the night; and fuch perfon or perfons fo apprehended, to detain prifoners in .the refpe&ive watch-houfes; and fuch watchman or watchmen fhall, on the morning after the apprehending fuch idle and diforderly or ft rolling perfon or perfons, carry or convey fuch idle, diforderly, or ftrolling perfon or perfons, before the magiftrate of fuch toprafe or fome other of his Majefty’s juflices of the peace, to be examined and dealt with according to law.

11. Whereas by the jaws now in force, cootradls for lighting cities and corporate towns, and applotments for railing rates for fuch lights, can only be made from year to year; and it will be expedient to extend the power of contracting to a longer period 5 be it cna&^d. That it fhaH and may be lawful for corporations to enter into centra&s, and to make and levy ^rates for lighting cities, and towns corporate, for any term not exceeding feven years, in the fame manner as fuch contra&s and rates may now by law be made* railed and levied from year to year.

CHAP.

Digitized by

Tht thirtyjtxth Year of George III.

CHAP. L1I.

Aii Ad for continuing and amending tbt feveral Ads for the further Improvement and Extenfion of the Fifheries, on the Coafts of this Kingdom.

WHEREAS by an ad parted In this kingdom, in the twenty-fifth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, entitled, An ad for the further improvement and extenfion of the jyheries on the coafts of this kingdom, certain bounties were given, and it was enaded therein, that the bounties fhould be paid for, and during the fpace of four years, from the fir ft day of February, one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix, and to the end of the then next feflion of Parliament, and no longer: and whereas an ad parted in the twenty-feventh ytar of his prefent Majefly’s reign, to amend the laid ad, was continued by an ad parted in the thirtieth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, but the faid firft mentioned ad, and the bounties therein contained were omitted to be continued 5 and whereas by an ad pafTed in the thirty-fecond year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, entitled, An ad for the further encouragement\ of the jifk cries on the coafts of this kingdom, it was enaded, that the feveral bounties given and allowed by the faid firft recited ad, on conforming to the feveral regulations therein mentioned, fhould be paid until the twenty-lifth day of March, one thoufand (even hundred and ninety-five, except fo far as the fame were altered by the faid ad of the twenty-feventh year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, and that the faid ad of the twenty-feventh year of his Majefty’s reign, fhould conti- , nue, and be in force, until the faid twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-five ; and whereas . 35	3-	con*

by an ad parted laft feflion of parliament, the faid feveral ads were continued until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-fix, and no longer ; be it enaded by the king’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid laft mentioned ad, and every matter and dlaufe therein contained, fhall be revived, and arc hereby revived and continued, and fhall be in force until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, and no longer.

ll.	And whereas the attempts hitherto made for carrying $n the fifheries on the coafts of Ireland^ have proved abor-Vot» X*	D 4	tire.

Digitized by Google

4<$	The thirty ftxth Tear of George 111.

tive, from having been concluded on a fmall fcale, at thrrf rifle of individuals, and cannot be effeded without a verf large expence, nor conveniently carried on, unlefe a coufi-de table joint dock (hall be railed for that purpofe ; and whereas perfons fubferibing to fuch joint flock, may be ap-pirehenfive that difficulties may arife, as well in recovering debts, due to the joint flock, aes in defending fuits which may be brought again ft them, and that many peifons who are not now liable to become bankrupts, may be fearful of ffcbfcribing to the joint dock, as bV becoming fubfenbert thereto, they may be liable to have commiffions of bankruptcy iflued again ft them as traders, be it enaded by the authority aforelaid, That fo foon as any number of perfons, not lefs than thirteen, fhall have put down their names a9 fociei for ro fubferibers, for a fum of money not lefs than forty thoufand iaobng the^Irifh Pounds, for the purpofe of carrying on the herring and cod fisheries	fiftieries,	and other articles of trade, the ncceflary confe-

quer.ces in return for the export of their fifh to foreign countries, that it fhall be laNvful for his Majefty, by charter, upon their petition, to form the perfons fo fubferibing and becoming proprietor* of the faid joint (lock, into a body politick arid corporate, by the name of the fociety for promoting the Jrifb fjheriet^ atid by that name they fhall have fociety may	fncceffion and a common feal; and the faid fociety may pur-

porchafe lands	chafe and fell lands, and arty perfon and bodies politick'and

as erem.	others may fell them lands, fo as they do not exceed the

value of irve hundred pounds yearly, and the faid fociety, in their corporal name, may fue and be fued in any court, and the faid fum of forty thoufand pounds fhall be divided in (hares of two hundred and fifty pounds each, and no perfon fhall become a propVietor of more than thirteen (hares, otherwife than by devife or operation of law, on pain of forfeiting aH above that number ( and if it fhall happen that any- number of perfons, at the time of fubferibing, are members of a joint partnerfhip in bufinds, they fhall jointly be conferred as One perfon, for the purpofe of this partnerfhip, and the money fo fubferibed fhall be veiled in the fubferibers, their heirs, executors, adrni-niftiators, and affigns, proportionably to the fom each of them fhall fubferibe, and fhares fhall be deemed perfonal ef-tate ; and every perfon who (hall fubferibe two hundred and fifty pounds, or fuch fum at fhall be demanded in part thereof, fhall be entitled to the profits accruing therefrom* and fo in proportion for any greater number of fhares ; and he fhall iir proportion to his property in the joint flock, pay a proportionable fum towards carrying on the undertaking, in manner herein after dire&ed, fo as fuch fum fhall not ex* teed his fubfefiption.

4	ttL	And

Suhfcribcrs herein to be called “The

Digitized by i^-ooQle

*The thirtyfixth Tear of George IIL

tit. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That for the better Regulation of the manner in which the faid corporation {hall be governed* his Majcfty fhall order fuch rules and regulations for the meetings of the fociety, the election of the governors, diredors, and other officers, as he {hall think proper, for the better advaticement of the purpofes of the fociety ; and he {hall appoint fomc one port mcnt oi ’^1C in the kingdom of Ireland, for the meetings of the faid pofes ot the corporation, for conducting the bufinefs of the company, lociety, See. and that fuch port fo named by his Majefty, {hall enjoy all the benefits and privileges enjoyed by any other port in this kingdom, as far as to the bonding of merchandizes*

IV.	And be it cnaded by the authoity aforefaid, That 0f.

if forty thoitfand pounds fhall not be fotirid fufficient for ^ money the purpofes of the eftabliihment of the fociety, the pro- may be cue real's prietors may contribute among themfelves, in manner afore- cd as herein* •laid, and in the fame proportions with their original {lock, or by the admiflion of new fubferibers, any further fum not exceeding fixty thoufand pounds 3 and every fubferiber to- , wards railing fuch further fum, {hall be liable to fuch forfeitures, except as to the quantum of the ftock fubferibed, and {land interefted in the profits of the fociety, for the (hare then fubferibed, as the original fubferibers, but no in-creafe {hall be made to their capital until three months notice be given in the Dublin Gazette, fpecifying the intended increafei

V. And be it 4naded, That do proceedings fhall be Proceeding* quafhed for want of form, and that if any adion fhall be not to be brought for any thing done in purfuance of this ad, it fhall quaft»cd for be commenced within fix months after the fad," and the de-	orM* fendant may plead the general ifTue, and give the fpecial

matter in evidence, and that the fame was done in purfuance of this ad ; and if it fhall appear to have been fo done, or if the adion be brought contrary hereto, the jury {hall find for the defendant, or if the plaintiff fhall become non-fuit, or fuffer a difcontinuance of adion, or if on demurring Or otherwife, judgment be given againft the plaintiff, the defendant fhall have treble coils*

His Majefty

S •- -

J) i iCHAP.

(igitizechby



The thirty fxtb Tear of George IIL

G H A P. LIIL

An A3 to enable Hit Majcjly to grant a certain Annuity to Frederick Chriflian Rynhart De Giniell, Earl of Atb!cuef in Conftderation of hit Lojfes from the Confifcation of hit Property on the Continent, and of the high Rank he boldt in tins Kingdom, and of the Services of pit Ancejlor*

Moft Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS his excellency the car! of Camden, lord lieutenant general, and general-governor of this kingdom, by his meflage to your faithful commons, hath been pleafed to fignify that he had in command from your Majefty to acquaint your faithful commons, that your Majefty in confidjeration of the recent and fevere Ioffes which have been buffered by the carl of Athlone, from the confifcation of all his property upon the Continent, in confide* ration alfo of the high rank which that earl holds in this kingdom, and of the diftinguifhed fervicea of his anceftor, recommended it to your faithful commons to confiderof enabling your Majefty to grant an annuity of one thousand two hundred pounds per annum, to the earl of Athlone, towards the fupport of the dignity of Iris rank, until he (hall be reftored to his late pofleffions upon the Continent: and whereas yovr Majefty’s faid commons, having taken into 6on(ideration the faia meflage, have unanimoufly agreed to enable your Majefty to grant an annuity to the faid earl of Athlone, in manner herein after mentioned ; now wc yonr Majcfty’s moty dutiful and loyal fubje&s the commons of * Ireland, fti parliament aflcmbled, duly conftdcrmg your Majcfty’s moft gracious intention, do moft humbly bcfcceh your Majefty, that it may be cna&ed, and be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aflcmbled, and by the autho* fits Majefty rity of the fame, That it fhall and may be lawful for his iiay grant % Majefty to give and grant to the faid Frederick Chriflian to carl Ath- Rynhart De Ginkell, earl of Athlone, an annuity or yearly jont#	fum,	not	exceeding one thoufand two hundred pounds, dur*

ing hfs Majefty’6 picafurc, to be paid and payable out of the fund called the confolidated fund, any thing in an aft made in the thirty-third year of his Majefty’s reign, entitled. An ad for the fupport of the honour and dignity ofhit Majifft Crown in Irelands and for granting t$ bit Maye/ly a civil lift

fflablj/brntHt)

Digitized by v^ooQle

The thirtyfixth Tear of George IIL

4**

rftabTtfhmenti under certain provifions and regulations 9 to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

II. Provided neverthelefs, and be it enaded, That no grant which (hall be made by his Majefty, under the authority of this ad, fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend to re ft rain his Majefty from making any other grant or penfion which he may now lawfully do, under the proviftons of the faid ad.

A. D.

1796.

Not to restrain his Majefty, under 33 O. 3.

CHAP. LIV.

\

An AS to afeertain the Powers of fhe Commifftoners for moling wide and convenient Streets in the City of Dublin, for opening the Pa/fage from Sacivilleflreet, to Carlijle-hridgey and for laying out new Streets to the Eajlward thereof and to ratify certain Grants heretofore made by the fa’id Commtf-Jtoners.

WHEREAS it has been found neceflary to afeertain the powers of the commiflioners for making wide and convenient ftreets in the city of Dublin, to make con-trad3 for the fale or conveyance of any piece or pieces of ground which it has been, or may be neceflary to purchafe, for the purpofes mentioned and expreffed in the feveral ads of parliament heretofore pafled in this kingdom, for the improvement of the city of Dublin, by making wide and convenient paflages through the fame, be it therefore declared and enaded by the King’s molt excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and cpmmons in this prefent parliament aflcmbled, and by the authority of the fame. That the powers of the commiflioners under and by virtue of the faid feveral ads extend only to the demifmg, felling, or granting fuch piece or pieces of ground, over and above what may be neceflary for making wide and convenient ftreets, as have been or fhall be in their pofleffion, at the time of fuch demife, (ale, $r grant.

II. And be it further declared and enaded, That all covenants or agreements heretofore made, or hereafter to be' made by the faid commiflioners, for demifiiig, felling, or granting any piece or pieces of ground, not adually in their poflcfiioo at the time of fuch covenant or agreement, are and (hall be null and void, to all ihtents and purpofes whatever, and the laid commiflioners, their heirs and executors, refpedively, freed, exonerated, and difeharged, from

all

Powers of

commiflioners to demife ground, (hall only extend t* what they pof-fefs.

Com. freed from covenant as herein.

if

42*	The	tbirty-fxtb	Tear of George III.

A. T#	all fuck covenants and agreements, and from all actions or

1796.	fuit8 at law, or in equity, grounded upon the fame.

Chap. 54. HI. Provided always, and be it enafted, That all grants, demifes, and conveyances, and all agreements in writing,

A^rcirrcnti for grants, demifes, and conveyances, and all the grounds W li f* °r1 1 d ^Ct ^ t^lc commiflioners to Henry Ottiwell, efquire, inVchoh^j01 aTU^ now *n his pofieffion, as contained in a fched’ule annex-(hallbc binding. pd to this aft, and of any piece or pieces of ground which (hall have been on the twenty-third day of March, one thoqfiuid feven hundred and ninety-fix, in the poOeifion of, or agreed for, or purchafed by .(aid coramiffioners, (hall be, and (hall be deemed to be good, valid, and binding, againft, and on the (aid commiflioners, and their fuccefTors, and againft and on all perfons deriving from or under them, to all intents and purpofes whatever, any thing in the (aid recited afts, or herein contained, to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

Qdisdule. Schedule of tfye grounds let by the faid commiflioners f Henry Ottiwell, efquire, and now in his poffeffion.

Thirty-three lots, weft fide of gackyille-ftreet, from pumber one to number thirty-three, both inclufive, and including two lots on the BatchelorVwalk, containing feven hundred and twenty-three feet, at twenty-three (hillings per foot. *

One lot northfide of Abbey-ftrcef, number thirty-four, containing twenty-one feet, fix inches, at thirteen (hillings per foot. ...................

One lot fouth-fide of Abbey-ftreet, number thirty-five, containing twenty-fix feet, at thirteen (billings per foot.

Two lots on Eden-quay, number one and two, cot-taming thirty-fix feet, at twenty-three (hillings per foot.

Two lots eaft-fide of Sackville-ftreet, number eight and nine, containing forty-one feet, at twenty-three (hillings per toot. '	'	*■	-

Six lots eaft-fide of Sackville-ftrect, number twelve to Bumber feventeen, inclufive, containing one hundred and (wenty-one feet fix inches, at twenty-three (hillings per fcot. •

ife*

;

Digitized by LjOOQle

The thirtyfixtb Year of George TIL

New lines oaft of Sacjcville-ftreet, and Carjifi e-bridge, two lots north-fide of Abbcy-ftreec, number one and two, containing forty-three feet, at twenty-three (hillings per foot.

Four lots north-fide of Abbey-ftreet, number thirty-ninp to number forty-two, iuclufive, containing ninety-fix feet, at twenty-three (hillings per foot.

Thirteen lots north-fide of Beresford-place, number one to number thirteen, inclufive, containing three hundred pnd twenty-five feet, at twenty-three (hillings per footf

Four lots eafl-fide of Qardiner-ftteet. number one to number four, inclufive, containing eighty-tour feet, at thirteen (hillings per foot.

Three lqts welt-ficle of Gardinpr’s-ftreet, nqmber five to pumber feven, inclufive, containing fixty-four feet, fix inches, at thirteen (hillings per foot.

Six lots weft-fide of	ftreet,	number	one,	to	num-

ber fix, inclufive, containing one hundred and twenty-niqa feet, at thirteen (hillings per foot.

As the fame lots arc described in a map, made by Mr.

Thomas Sherrard, remaining in the poflefiion of the coy-piiffioners of wide-ftrepts.

£ H A P. LV.

yf/j A8 for the Amendment of Publick Roads, for direfting the

Power of Grand Juries refpefiing Preferments^ and for repealing federal Laws heretofore made for thofe Purpofes.

WHEREAS the feveral laws heretofore ipade fqr the

amendment and repair of roads, have not proved Amended *7* pffe&ual, and are become cbnfufed from their multiplicity; q* jje it cnadfed by the King’s mofjk excellent Majt m , by arid N *' with the advice and content of the lords fpirituai and temporal, and commons in this preient pyliiment aflemblcd^ ind by the authority of the fame, That from and after the raffing of this a6t, an a£fc palled in the eleventh year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, entitled, An aft to explain and amend* an aft paffed in the fifth year qf his Mayejly, King George the,

(bird| entitled, An a8 for amending the publick roads j and an

&

Digitized by V^rOOQle

%	The thirty fxth Tear of George III.

aft pafled in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his pre-fent Majefty’s reign, entitled, An aft for amending the pub-tick roads; and an aft pafled in lhe eleventh and twelfth years of the fame reign, entitled. An aft for making of narrow roads through the mountainous, unimproved parts of this kingdom; and an aft pafled in the feventeenth and eighteenth years of the fame reign, entitled, An aft to explain and amend an aft pajfed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his prefent Majejly, entitled, An aft for amending the publick roads ; and an aft pafled in the nineteenth and twentieth years of the fame reign, entitled, dn aft to empower grand juries to contraft for keeping the publick roads in repair ; and an aft pafled in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of the fame reign, entitled. Ah aft to further amend and explain an aft pajfed in the twelfth year of his prefent Majejly* s reign, entitled, An aft for making of narrow roads through the mountainous unimproved part of this kingdom : and alfo an aft made in the feventeenth and eighteenth extern LTo ^ Year8	^18 prefent Majefty’s reign, entitled, An aft to

repealing other amend an aft, faffed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of 9&s, Sec. his prefent Mayfly's reign, entitled, Ay aft for amending tte Publick roads, be, and the fame are hereby repealed, and made null and void, except fuch parts of the aforefaid afts, as repeal any aft or afts theretofore made, and except fo far as may refpeft any money prefent* d, raifed, or to be accounted for, by virtue of any of faid afts.

G. juries may II. And be it cnafted, That it (hall be lawful for the prefent for wi- grand jury of any county, county of a city, or county of as herchi	* town> at anY a^ze8 held for the fame, to prefent any

part of any road, leading ditefty from a market-town to a market town, or from a market town to the fea, or to any colliery, coal-pit or culm-pit, to be widened to any breadth, Dot more than fifty-two, nor Ids than thirty-two feet in the clear; and any part of any other publick road to be widened to any breadth, not more than forty-four feet nor kfs than twenty-four feet, as aforefaid, and to prefent all fuch fum or fums of money as (hall be neceiTary for widens ing the fame, and making fences, inftead of thofe which: fhall be taken down ordeftroyed, to be raifed on the barony, Or half-barony, or county of a»city or town, in which the fame fhal^be fituated.

Affidavits for	Provided	always. That an affidavit fworn by two

prefeatments, credible perfons who can read and write, before a juflice of to be fwojn, as the peace for fuch county, in the form following, be firft herein,	laid before the gaand jury.	*	’	*

...... .

Z	County

i	'	i	•

a ft? herein, are

Digitized by L^ooQle

The thirtyfxtb Tear of George III.

founty of 7	of	and	of	do [wear*

) that they have lately viewed andmeafured perches of the road from * to	between

and	all in the barony or half-barony of

in this county* and that no fart of (he fame is	feet	wide in the clear within the

ditches* banks* drains or fences* and that it will require the fum <f. to widen the fame* fo as to make them	feet	wide in the clear, and fafo

and level throughout the whole of the faid width for carriages to pafs and repafs on* being at the rate of	by	the

perch* which they verily believe to be a reafonable charge* and the leaf the faid work can be effectually done for ; and in cafe new fences fhall be neceflary, inftead of any to be taken down or deftroyed, the words following (hall be added after the words “ repafs on ” and to make new fences injlead of th'ofe whichJhall be taken down or defrayed, in order to widen the fame.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That where any part of ^ny road, fo to be widened, fhall be endofed on either fide, ■With a wall built entirely with lime and (lone, or brick, five feet high or more, fuch preferment (hall not authorize any perfon to pull down the faid wall without the confent of the owner thereof, blit the road may be widened on the other fide.

V.	And be it further enafted, That no money (hall be paid by the treafurer of the county, on account of any fuch preferment, until an affidavit of one of the oveHcera, appointed by the grand jury," (Worn before a juft ice of the peace for fuch county, in the form following, be firft allowed by the grand jury and the court.

Affidavit.

Walli herein not to be polled down without confent of own*

Treafurer not to pay until overfeer makes the following affidavit ;

County of | in the year

and making fcnees to perches of the road from between

barony'or half-barony of to the width of

. Whereas the fum of was prejented at	affixes*

to be expended in widening ' * (as the cqfe may be)

and	dll	in	that

in this county	'

feet in the clear. New I

Affidavit.

do fwear* that I have faithfully and honeftly expended the fum of	in widening and making

fences to (at the cafe may be)	perches	of	the

faid road* and that every part of the feud Perches is now effeftually widened to the width aforefaid* and is fafs and fatal throughout the whole of the feud width, and -	every

Digitized by Google

itS

The thirtyJixth Tear of George I IT.

A. D.

1796. Chap. 55.

every part thereof for carriages to pafs and repafs on, and that the bach of every part of fold fence, where there is a gripe thereto, is turned to the roadand the gripe to the fieldfide, and that the annexed account is true in every party and contains the whole of the expenditure of the fa'tdfum of

and (hat every part of the feud work was fimjbed on the	day of

G. juries may prefent any fart of a road to be repaired, &c.

Following affidavit to be laid before them.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for any grand jury, as aforefaid, to prefent any part of any publick road to be repaired, and to prefent all fuch fum ana iums of money as (hall be peceflary for that purpofe,' to be raifed on the barony or half-ljarony, or county of a city or town, in which the fame (hall be Situated.

VII.	Provided always, That an affidavit fworn by two credible perfons, who can read and write, before a julbce of the peace for fuch county, in the form following, be firft laid before the grand jury.

Affidavit. County of )	of	and

)	of	do fweary that they

have lately meafured	perches	of	the	road from

between	and

and that all the faid perches are, in the tqwn-land of

(or	perches thereof are

in the town-land of	and

perches thereof are in the town-land of	(as	the

cafe may be) (dtjlinguijhing the fevered town-lands through which the road is intended to be repaired, and the number of perches intended to be repairedy and the number of perches in* tended to be repaired in each town-land\) all in the barony or half-barony of	in this county, and that it will requirt

the fum of	to repair the faid

perches	feet	wide

In the clear of the ditches*, banks, drains or fences, and

feet wide, with gravel or fmallJlones, bp-tng at the rate of	by the perch, which they

verily believe is the leqjl the faid perches can he effedually repaired

f0r

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That no raon^y (hall be paid by the treafurcr of the epunty, on account of arry fuch presentment, until an affidavit of one of the overfem appointed by the grand jury, fworn before a juflice of the peace for fuch county, in the form following, be firft allow* ad by the grand jury and the court.

Trealbrer not to pay without •verfeer's affidavit.

#"■#

Digitized by L,ooQle

Affidavit.

The thirtyfxth Tear of Gcofgc III.'

County of 1 Whereas the fum of	war

) preftnled at	aff%esy	in the year

to be expended in repairing Perches of the road from	to

between	and

mU in the barony or half barony of	in this

county	feet wide in the clear of the ditches,

banks, drains, or fences, and	feet wide, with

gravel or fmallflonesy at the rate of	by the

perch. Now I	do	fwcar	that f

have faithfully and honefly expended the fum of	,

tin repairing	perches	of	the	feud	roadt and

hat every part of the /aid	perches	is

feet wide, at the leaf, in the clear, of all ditches y banks9 drains y or fences, and that it is fafe and level throughout tbs *whole of the faid width for carriages to pafs and repafs on9 and that	feet	wide	at the

leaf, of the faid width is made with gravel or fmallfemes^ and that there is a fujfdent pajfage on each fde of the faid road, to prevent the water from injuring the famey and that the annexed account is true in every part, and contains the whole of the expenditure of the faid fum of	>	and

that every part of the faid work was fnifbed on the

iyi

IX> And be it further ena&ed, That it fhall be lawful Jari<# “*7 for any grand jury, as aforefaid, to prefent any foot path to be made or repaired on any road, or on or within the paths, flee, ditch, along the fide of any road, with the confent of the occupier of the land, and to prefent any fum, not exceeding one {hilling and fix pence for making, and nine-pence for repairing, for each perch for that purpofe, to be raifed on the barony or half-barony, or the county of a city, or county of a town, in which the fame fhall be fituated; provided always, that it fhall appear to the grand jury, by the affidavit of' two' credible perfons, wfio can read and write, fworn before a juftice of the peace for fuch county, that fuqh fum is necefT^ry, to the beft of their judgment, to make or repair the fame.

X.	And be it fqrther ena&ed, That no money fhall be Money not t* paid on account of any fuch preferment, until an affidavit be paid until of one of lhe oyerfeers appointed by the grand jury, fworn overfeer’s affi-before a juftice of the peace for fuch county, that the money u *“°w-bas been faithfully expended purfuant to fuch preferment,

and the work^wefl and fufficiently executed, be firft allowed by the grand jury and the court.

XI.	And be it further ena&ed. That where any part of Alteration in aay rojul presented to be repaired, i« cnclofed on both fide*, jP^?"tprc*

V»th

Digitized by L^ooQle

#»*

A. D.

1796. Chap. 55.

. G. juries may

Stfem for ling up trenches, fire.

Affidavit.

Treafurcr not to pay on account of fiich prefcntment, except affidavit as herein.

The thirtyfiseth Tear of George III.

with walls built with lime and (lone or bricks, five feet high, and is not the full width ftated in the presentment between the fame, in (lead of the words,	fert	wide	in	the

clear within the ditches, banks, drains, or fences, (hall be inserted the following words, enclotcd on bothfides, with walls built with lime and Rones or brick, f as the cafe (ball be) jive feet high at the leaf.

XII. And whereas great danger arifes to perfons travelling tyy night, from the drains or trenches of the fences or the fides of roads, and it would tend very much to the fafety of travellers, if the backs or banks were turned towards the road, and the drain or trench to the fields : be it therefore ena&ed, that wherever the drain or trench of any ditch, fhall be fituate next to any part of any publick road whatfo-cver, whether the fame be at pod road or not, it (hall be lawful for any grand jury as aforefaid, to prefent fuch fun or fums of money to be raifed, as aforefaid, not exceeding one (hilling and fixpence by the perch, as may be necefiary for filling up fuch trenches or drains, and making a fufficient fence inftead thereof: provided always, That ap affidavit fworn as aforefaid, by any two credible perfons who can read ?nd write, be firfl laid before the grand jury in the form foliowing ;

tf	and*	of

do Jfwear that they have measured perches of the road\ from the town of to the town of	between	and

all in the barony of	in	this	county	and	that

perches of the drains or trenches of the fences thereto immediately adjoin the faid road\ without any bask or bank between them and the road, and it will require the fum of	to fill up the fame, and make *fef-

ficient fenee with the trench or drain on the field fide thereof being at the rate of	by toe perch, and that

the feud fum is a reafonahle charge to the heft of their judgments.

Provided alfo, That no money (hall be paid on account of any fuch prefcntment, by the treafurer of any county, un-lefs an affidavit fworn as aforefaid, or before one of the judges of affize, by one of the overfeers, who can read and write, in the following form, (hall be laid before the grand jury, and by them delivered with the quere book, to the court.

Whereat

Digitized by v^ooQle

#

The thirtyfnth Year of George IIL

Inherent the fum of	was prefented at

aflxesy for filing up	perches of the ditches, on

fde of the rtad', from the town of tt the town of	between	and

all in the barony of	in	faid

aounty, and making a fujficient fence, with the trench or drain on the field fide thereof, infead of thofe that may be dtfroysd*

Now I	one	of	the overfters, do fwear,

that I have faithfully and honefly expended the faid fum iit filing up the faid perches of ditches, and in making fujficient fences, infead of thofe that are defrayed, and that the faid perches of ditches have been completely filed, and the backs are turned to the road in every part of the faid perches, and that there is a fujficient fecurity to preferve travellers from danger * ifng from the drains or trenches, and that there is a fujfcient pajfage for the water in every part thereof

XIII.	And be it farther ena&ed, That no money (hall Treafurer be paid by the treafurer of any county, county of a city, Pay for *n/ or county of a town, on account of any d»tch to be made

in purfuance of this a&, unlefs the following words (hall be inferted in the affidavit to account, appointed to be fworn by the overfecr, videlicet : and wherever the fence fo ere fled is a ditch, “ that the back or bank thereof is ftuate next the road, and the drain or trench next the fields, and that the width of the road is not thereby diminifhed

XIV.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful G juries may

for any grand jury, as aforefaid, to prefent upon the requeft prefent for new of anyjperfon, which requeft muft be inferted in the prefent-	’	**

ment, any new road to be laid out and made between any

two market-towns, or from any market town to the fea, of any width, not lefs than thirty-two, nor more than fifty-two feet in the clear, and to prefent all fuch fum and fums of money as fhall be neccflary for laying out and making the fame, and making fences thereto, not exceeding the rate of fix-pence by the perch, for laying out, and one (hilling and fix-pence for each perch of fence, to be raifed on the barony or half-barony, or county of a city, or county of a town, in which the fame /hah be fituated; provided always, that no presentment (hall be made for laying piit any fuch new road, unlefs it (hall appear to the grand jury, by the affidavit of one credible witnefs, fworn before a juftice of the ace for fuch county,, that a map of fuch new road has en depofited with the treafurer of the county, twenty-one days at lead before the commSfion day of the affizes, and that a notice, Setting forth that an application is intended to be made at the next 'affizes for a f refeutment, to lay out a

new

Affidavit.

I

Digitized by

Google

43*	The thirty fixth Tear of George	III.

A. D. new road from	to	dif-

, 1796. tinguifhing the feveral town-lands and baronies or half-baro-

Chap. 55. nies, through which it is intended to be carried, with the number of perches it is to be made in length through each town land, has been perfonally ferved upon, or left at the houfe of each occupier of the land through which fuch new road is intended to be made in fuch county, twenty-one days at leaft before the commiiTion day of the aflizes, and that a like notice has been alfo polled upon the door of the county court-houfe, twenty-one days at leaft before the commifihn day of the aflizes; nor unlefa it (hall alfo appear by an affidavit, fworn in like manner, unlefs the fame be from poft-town to pod-town, and prefented under the regulations of an ad pafled in the thirty-fecond year of his prefent Ma-jefty, entitled, An a8 for improving and keeping in repair the pof roads of this kingdom, that no part erf fuch new road is to be made through any deer-park or field enclofed with a wall built of lime and done, or bricks, five feet high or more, without the confent of the owner thereof; and no part thereof is to be made through any houfe entirely built with lime and (lone, or briqks, or through any office or brehard belonging to any perfon inhabiting a houfe fo built, without the confent of fuch perfon; provided alfo that no money (hall be prefented for making any fuch hew road, unlefs an affidavit fworn by two credible perfoos Who can read and write, befoie a juftice of the peace for fuch county, in the form following, be firft laid before the grand jury *

Affidavit. County of

}df	and	bf

do fwear, that the fum of	will	he

neceffary to make	perches,	being	the

whole of the new intended road from	to

within this county, and that it will require the fum of	•	to	make

' perches of the faid road between and	all	in	the	barony	#r

half-barony 0]	in	this	county

feet wide in tie clear bf ad ditches, banks, drains, and fences, and	feet	wide	at	the

leafl9 with gravel or fmallfanes, bang at the rdte of

by the perch, and that the faid furti is a teafonahle charge, to the heft of their judgment and belief

Affidavit to ' XV- And be it further tnaded, That no money (hall be overfter before P3^ by the treafurer of the county, on account of aqy fuch money is paid	preferment, until an affidavit of one of the overfeers ap-

trcafurcr.	pointed by the grand Jury* fworn before a juftice of the

peace

Digitized by

Google

The thirty ft xth Tear of George lit.	431

|trtce for fhch county, in the form following, be firft allowed A. D fey the grand jury and the court.	1796.

Chap. 55^

County of ) Whereas the fum of	mat	^

J prefented at	dffizes, its Affidavit.

the year	to be expended in making

perches of the new intended road from to	between

and	all	in	the barony

or half-barony of	in this county,

feet wide in the clear, of all ditches, banks, drains or fences % and	feet	wide	at	the	leajlt	with	gravel or

fmallJlones.

Now I	do f weary that I havi

faithfully and honeflly expended the fum of

in making

perches of the faid road, and that every part of the faiJ

perches is	feet	wide

in the clear, between the ditches, banks, drains, or fences, and h fafe and level throughout the whole of the faid width for car-riages to pafs and re-pafs on, and that

feet at the leaf of the faid width is made with gravel or fmall Jlones, and that the backs of every ditch, bank, or fence thereto% to which there is a gripe, is turned to the road, and the gripe to the field?>■fide ; and that the annexed account is true in every part, and contains the whole of tlse expenditure of the faid fum of'	and	that every part of the

faid work was fnifhed on the	day	of

XVI.	And be it further ena&ed, That in any prefent- G jury tnent for making any new road, or repairing any old road, prefent for old the grand jury may prefent for the whole width of the roadi, where* toad, or fo much thereof as they (hall think proper, not'in* lefs than fourteen feet in any old toad, nor lefs than twenty feet in any new road* to be ipade or repaired with gravel or finall ftonesj and that the blank in the affidavit for accounting to be fworn by the overfeer, which is to fpecify the number of feet in width at the lead fo made with gravel or fmall flones, fuch width fo prefented (hall be inferted, and if no fuch width be prefented, that the word (fourteen) if the affidavit be for repairing, and the word (twenty) if it be for making a road, (hall be inferted in the faid blank.

**■ XVII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-faid* That it (hall and may he lawful for any perfon or per- m^nfar!^rfonS fons to furvey and meafure any line intended for a new linw^as toad* to be prefented at any affizes* fuch perfon or perfons herein.

having

Digitized by

Google

The thirtyfxth Tear of George III.

A. D. haying a certificate in writing under the hand of two juftices 1796. of the peace within the diftritf, that they are employed for Chap- 5$. that purpofe ; and that any jultice of the peace, overfeer *9 of a oew road, or confervator, and provided faid road (hall lead through boggy or moory grounds, or through a mountain, may prevent any perfons from riding or driving any; kind of beafts or carriages on the fame for the fpace of three months after fuch new road (hall be made.

O. juries may XVIII. And be it further ena&ed, That it fhall be law-prcfenc for low- ful for any grand jury as aforefaid, to prclent to be raifed ering hHls, tec. on the county at large, fuch film or furas of money as may be neceffary for lowering any hill, or filling up any hollow, or both, on any publiek road within the county, leading from one market-town to another market-town, for the purpofe of rendering fuch road more eal'y or convenient for carriages.

Noprtfcntment XIX, Provided always, That no fuch prefentment fhall jhall be made be made unlefs an affidavit fworn by two credible perfons, w^° can anc* wr*tc» before a juft*<* of the peace, be laid before the grand jury, fetting forth that the fum required is a reefonable charge, and that the lowering fuck hill, or filling up fuch hollow, or both, (as the cafe may be,) will contribute to the eafe and convenience of carriages travelling the faid road j and that the faid road cannot in their opinion be conveniently changed, fo as to avoid fuch hill or hollow, without incurring a greater expence, orcaufing a confiderable encreafe of length in the faid road ; which latter part, after the words, (travelling the faid road) tray be omitted, if a prefentment for laying out any new road, whereby fuch hill or hollow might be avoided, has at any time previous thereto, been applied for and refuted by the grand jury, or not fiated by the court, or if fiated, has not been carried into execution.

T reaforer not	XX. And be it further ena&ed, That no money (hallbt

to pay on ae- paid by the treafurer of any county, on account of any fuch prefentment, until an affidavit of one of the overfeea appointed by the grand jury, fworn before a juftice of the peace, in the form following, be firlt allowed by the grand jury and the court.

Affidavit. County oH Whereas the fum of	mat	preferred

) at	affixes	in	the	year

to he expended in lowering the hiU> or filling up the hollo**, of bothy (as the cafe maybe) at	on	tlm

roadfrom	to in	tlm'

lounty.

count of fuch prefentment.

The thirtyfixth Tear of George III.

&o*txr I	do fivearf that I have

faithfully and honejlly expended the fmm of in executing the faid work, and that the fame is done putfuant to the faid prefentment, and that the annexed account is true in every part, and contains the whole of the expenditure of the faid fum of	and	thtp every part of the faid wdrk

•was fntfhed on the	day of

Form of affidavit.

XXI.	And be it farther enabled, That it {hall be lawful Money to be for any grand jury as aforefaid, to prefent any fum or fums .ra*fc<i by grand of money to be raifed on the county *t large, and to be	T4rio*»

expended in building, re-building, repairing, altering, or * p enlarging any feflion-houfe, gaol, work-houfe, houfe of correlation, county Infirmary, or bridge, pipe, arch, or gullet, built of ftone or brick, or wood, under or on any road, or in filling or, gravelling over any fuch bridge, arch, pipe, or gullet, or in building or repairing any wall, or part of a w^ll, ncceflary to the fupport of any road, or to prevent any fteep banks of earth from falling upon any road, or in erecting any fence, railing, or wall, for the protection of travellers from dangerous precipices or holes, lying on the fide of any publick road; and to prefent any fum not exceeding thirty pounds at any aflizes for fitting up, furnifhing, or rendering more convenient the grand jury room, or its offices, or providing flationary, prefentment books, or the ftatutes.

XXI f. Provided always, That no money fliall be pre- Affidavit of fented for any of the faid purpofes, unlefs there be firft laid ? t0 belaid be* before the grand jury an affidavit fworn by two credible per-fons who can read and write, before a juftice of the peace for fuch county, fetting forth that the fum required for executing the fame, is a. reafonable charge, and that the work cannot, to the beft of their judgment, be effe&ually executed for a fmaller fum, accoidiug to the plan and efli-mate annexed, which words (plan and) ihay be omitted* unlefs the fum required be for building or re-building a feflion-houfe, gaol, work-houfe, houfe of corrc&ion, county infirmary, or bridge.

XXIII. Provided alfo, That no prefentment for any Nt> tntte tfcafl greater fum than ten pounds (hall be fiated at any aflizes fo*b«dldiii£ for building any bridge, arch, pipe* or gullet, under or on * ic/' ** any road, unlefs it fhall.appear to the court by the certifi- i cate of the foreman of the grand jury at feme preceding aflizes, that an affidavit of the foregoing effc&, and the efthnate or eftimates, and plan referred to in fuch affidavits,

(as the cafe may be,) had been laid before the grand jury at fuch preceding afnzes, and been read to them; or uitlefs where the new bridge, pipe, arch, or gullet i> to be built Vou X.	E	a

Digitized by

T’reafurcr not to pay until following affidavit is allowed by grand jury.

The thirty fixth Tear of George III.

in the place of one which has been carried away, deftroyed, or become impaflable with fafety for carriages, fince the affizes immediately prccodfcg.

XXIV. And be it further ena&ed, That ho money (hall be paid by the treafurer of the county, on account of any of the faid prefentments on the county at large, until an affidavit of one of the overfeers appointed by the grand jury, fwom before a juftice of the peace for liich county, in the form following, be allowed by the grand jury and the court.

Form of affidavit.

Where pre-

fcntmtnt exceeds loci, overfecr to give fecurity for overplus.

Where a river or road is the boundary, &c. one half lhall be pfccfeutcd.

County of I IVher ear the fum of

J pnfented at	affixes, in the year

So he expended in	Now I

do fwear that I have faithfully and honejlly expended the fum of	in	the	execution	of	the	fold	work,

and that the faid work b executed, or that the fala articles have been provided, as the cafe may he, purfuant to the faid prefent-ment, to the hefl of my judgment.

XXV.	Provided always, That if any fuch prefentment (hall exceed the fum of one hundred pounds, and an affidavit of one of the overfeers, fwom before a juftice of the peace for fuch county ftiall be laid before the grand jury, fetting forth the fum by him expended, and that fo much of the work is done, purfuant to the faid prefentment, as amounts to the faid fum, it fhall be lawful for the court, with the confent of the grand jury, to order the amount fo fworn to, to be paid to fuch overfeer, on his giving fufficient fecurity to finifh the work within one year, purfuant to the faid prefentment; provided that the fum fo to be paid (hall not exceed two-thirds of the fum presented.

XXVI.	And be it further ena&ed, That where a river ■ or ftream is the boundary between two counties, or where

any road is the boundary between two baronies, or between two counties, fo as that one fide of fuch road (hall be in one barony, and the other fide in another barony, or; in another county, it (hall not be lawful for the grand jury to prefent to be raifed on the county, at large, more than one-half of the fum which ftiall appear to them requiiite for building, rc-building, repairing, enlarging or altering any bridge, pipe, arch, or gullet, over fuch ftream or river; nor upon any barony or county of a town or city, more than one-half of the fum required for repairing, making, or widening any fuch road; and that in the affidavits to be laid before the grand jury, before the money is prefented, as alfo io the affidavit to be made by the ovei feera for accounting, - '	inflteai



Digitized by

Google

The thirty-Jixth Tear of George III.

inllead of the words, all in the barony or ' half-barony of in this county, (hall be inferted thefe words, *which faid perches are the mearing between the baronies of	and	in	this	courUyf

or between the barony or half-barony of in this county, and the barony or half-barony of in the county of	or	the	county	of	the	city	or

i'

as the cafe may be,) and bridge, pipe, arch, or

Treafurer not

town of

indead of fetting forth, that fuel

gullet is in the county, they (hall fet forth, that the dream or river is the boundary between this county and the county of

XXVII.	And be it further ena&ed, That no money (hall be paid by the treafurer of the county, on account of any to p iy unlefs fuch prefentment, unlefs an equal fum (hall have been pie- *flua^Jum Prc* fented to be railed for the faid work on the adjoining county, cntc ’5cc* or adjoining barony, (as the cafe may be,) of which fum

being prefented, the overfeer who (hall have accounted, mud produce and depofite with the treafurer a certificate from the clerk of the crown.

XXVIII. And be it further enafted, That the grand jury	Grand jury of of each county, (hall, at the fpring afiizes in every year, ap- county to appoint point a proper perfon to be high condable for each barony or a conftablc half-barony in fuch county, for which high condables have ^c^rin^ a*kzc,i been heretofore appointed; and alfo are hereby empowered

to make and appoint any number of fub-condables, not exceeding ten in every barony or half-barony within fuch county, and that fuch power (hall extend to all the counties in Ireland; and that fuch fub-conftables (hall be fubjeft to all the regulations, powers, and provifions, contained in an ati paffed in the thirty-fecond year of his prelent Majefty’s reign, entitled, An aft for regulating the office of corf able, and for better enforcing the procefs of the criminal law in certain parts of this kingdom•

XXIX.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for any grand jury as aforefaid, to prefent to be railed on the county at large, any fum or Turns of money, not exceeding in the whole, at any one or more afiizes, a fum after the tfate of one hundred and fifty pounds for every fifty thoufand acres contained in fuch county, according to the county books, or ufual computation thereof; and fo in proportion for any greater or lef3 quantity, for the purpofe of obtaining an accurate furvey and map of the county.

XXX.	Provided always, That no money (hall be paid by the treafurer on account of fuch prefentment, until the faid furvey (hall be finifiied and approved of by the grand jury, and delivered to the treafurer, to be kept amongft the records of the county, or unlefs fufficient fecurity, 'to be ap-

£ e 2	proved

150I. may be prefented for 5o,oco aues in county for a map.

Treafurer not to pay »ntil furvey fmilhcd.

Digitized by

Grtnd jury may prefent 10L for a map u herein.

Grand jury *iay prefect aoU fat a map.

Preferment* Ihr nllewfci, Ike.

Prefentmenti for rent of fcf-flon-houfei,

*c. &c.

fht thirtyfxth Text i/Geovgt III.

provtd of by the grand jury, be given for the completing (he laid furvey and map, at the time, and on the terms fpeciiied in fuch fecurity; in which cafe it (hall be lawful for the grand jury to dire6t the treafurer, and he is hereby required to pay accordingly, any fum not exceeding two* thirds of the whole money presented, towards enabling the furveyor or furreyoct to proceed in making fuch furvey.

XXXI.	And be it further ena&ed, That»when any farvey of a county has been, or (hall be executed as aforefaid, it /hall be lawful for the grand jury of fuch county, if they /hall think proper, to prefent a fum not exceeding ten pounds, to be raifea off each barony or half-barony, for the purpofr of protra&ing a feparate map of fuch barony, or half-barony, from the faid county map, but to be executed on a fcale twice as great at the lead.

XXXII.	Provided always, That whatever fcale may be agreed on for the fir (I barony, (hall be adopted for each other barony in the faid county; and alfo, that it /hall be lawful for fuch grand jury, once iu every fifteen years, to prefent a fum not exceeding the rate of twenty pounds for every fifty thoufand acres, to be raifed off the county at large, for obtaining a correct furvey and map thereof, to contain all the alterations made in the roads of fuch county, fince the lad furvey.

XXXIII.	And be it further enacted. That it /hall be lawful for any grand jury as aforefaid, to prefent to be raifed on the county at large, any fum or furas of money for making or repairing a gallows, or for bolts, (hackels,' whipping-pods, docks, ducking-ftools, or pillories, not exceeding in the whole, in any one year, the fum of twenty pounds, and alfo for ere&ing dire&ion-pods, mile-ftones, or mile-pod*, not exceeding one pound for each dire&ion-poib, and tea /hillings for each mile-done.

XXXIV.	And be it further ena&ed. That it /hall be lawful for any grand jufy as aforefaid, to prefent to be raifed on the county at large, any fum or fums of money necef-fary for paying the rent of the feflion-houfes, gaol, work-houfes, bridewell, houfe of corre&ion, or for procuring an office for keeping the public records of the county, and for fuing any treafurer* colle&or, or receiver of any public money, or their fureties, for any mifconduCl, breach of duty, or non-payment, or for recovering from them, their fureties, executors, or adminidrators, any public money, or for conveying any prifoner to the county gaol, at the rate of three pence per mile to the condable, fub-conftable, or other peace officer, for each mile he (hall convey fuch prifoner, and three pence per mile for each of fo many protedants aimed with fire arms, as the iuftice under whole mittimus

fu*h

Digitized by v^ooQle

The th'trty-Jixtb Tear of George III,

f\ich pnToner (hallbe committed, (hall deem neceflary, to attend as a guaid along with him, or as the conftable, fub-Con liable, or peace officer, (hall make appear to have been neceflary or prudent, in order to prevent refcue; and any fum not exceeding ten pounds at each aflizes to be paid to the clerk of the crown, in lieu of fees for perfons difcharged at quarter feflions, and for his attendance at fuch aflizes ; and any fum not exceeding ten pounds at each aflizes, y^be paid to the cterk of the peace for his trouble in executing his office ; any any fum not exceeding five pounds at each aflizes, which (hall be recommended by the court as proper, to be paid to an interpreter at the faid aflizes; and any fum not exceeding twenty pounds at each aflizes for a fecretary to the grand jury; and any fum not exceeding forty (hillings at each aflizes, for a court-houfe keeper, which they are hereby authorized to appoint.

XXXV.	And be it further ena&^d, That no money fhall be paid by the treafurer on account of any presentment of a grand jury for a court-houfe-keeper, unlefs it (hall appear to the grand jury, and the court, by affidavit, fworn before a jbftice of the peace for fuch county, by fuch keeper, or in cafe of his or her ficknefs, by fomc credible perfon, that fuch keeper has been refident in the county town fince the lall aflizes, and that the greater number of the windows of the faid court-houfe have been open twenty-four hours at leaH in every week, between fun-rife and fun-fet, fince the preceding affixes$ and that no perfon whatfoever, has been permitted to make any ufe of the faid court-houfe, fave only for public meetings, or other purpofes, tending to the pre-fervation of the peace ; and that no money fh^ll be paid on account of any preferment forfuing any treafurer, receiver, or colleftor, or his fuveties, or for recovering public money unlefs the bill of colls, taxed by the proper officer, and verified by affidavit, be firft allowed by the grand jury and the court

XXXVI.	Provided always, and be it eira&cd, That it (hall not be lawful for any grand jury to £refent any fum or fums to be paid to any clerk of the peace, by virtue of "this or any other aft, unltefs it (hall appear to them that he has given fecurity by recognizance, in the fum of one thoufand pounds, for the due and faithful execution of hia office o£ clerk of the peace.

XKXVII. And be it further cnafted, That whenever it (hall happen that any fum of money heretofore or hereafter to be prefented to be raifed, fhall not be expended agreeable to fuch prefentment, and accounted for within the time prescribed theTein, or within a reafonable time after fuch preferment ffipU have been trade, it (ball and may.be lawful for

th*>

Affidavit tm

be made by court-houfe-keeper before treafurer pays.

Clerk of peace to give fecurity for ioool. before a prefentment made.'

Grand jury may re-prefeat money undif-pofed of in treafurer’s hands.



A. D. 1796. Chap. 55.

Grand jury fnay appoint overfeer*.

Grand Juries may remove ©verfecrs.

Half-baronies deemed baronies, as herein.

Grand jury may prefent for load or fences.

The thirty fixth Tear of George III.

the grand jury to re-prefent fuch fum of money then in the treafurer’s hands, and alfo any faving that may be made on any preferment, to be expended on fome other work in the barony or half-barony upon which the former fum, or fuch faving was prefented to be railed, or on the county, if ratfed upon the county at large.

XXXVIII. And be it further enabled, That it (hall be lawful for any grand jury as aforefaid, to appoint one or more overfeer or overfeers, who can read and write, for carrying into execution any prefentment which they (hall make by virtue of this adl, and to prefent for the wages of fuch over-jeer, any fum not exceeding the rate of one (hilling for each pound to be by him or them expended, to be raifed at the time, and in like manner as the fum fo to be ex-

X. And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for any grand jury as afoiefaid, to appoint a new overfeer, or to remove any overfeer from tirrte to time, as they (hall think lit, and to iccord fuch appointment or removal in the quere formed on the original prefentment ; and that in cafe of the death of any overfeer, it (hall be lawful for any two juftfees of the peace for fuch county, by wiiting under their hands and feals, to appoint an overfeer in his place, and if the deceaied ovulcer (hall have expended in his life-time any part of the money prefented, the following words, and that the fum of	<was,	to	the	befl	of my belief and opi-

nion, faithfully and honeflly expended by

•who is new dead, may be inferted in the place of, or before the words, and that I have faithfully and honeflly expended the fum of	*	for	fo much of the fum

to be accounted for, asflail have been expended by fuch deceafed overfeer.

XL. And be it further ena&ed, That every half-barony (hall be confidered and deemed a barony within the meaning oL this a& ; and that in all cafes where the prefentments (hall be made by the grand jury of any county of a city, or town, the words barony, or half barony of may be omitted in any of the affidavits herein dire&ed.

XLI. And be it further ena&ed, That it fhaH be lawful for any grand jury to prefent a fmaller fum to be expended, or a fewer number of perches to be made, widened, or repaired, and a lefs number of perches of fences to be made, and at a fmaller rate by the perch than required, or fet forth in the affidavit, on which the prefentment (hafl be grounded, or to prefent a part only of any fum required, according to their diferetion, as they (hall think proper.

XLII.

pended

XX

Digitized by

Google

The thirtyJtxth Y&r of George I1T.	439

XLII. And be it further enad^ed. That it (hall be lawful A. D. for every grand jury to appoint a fccretary to adl as fuch for. 1796. the grand jury at the next fucceeding aflizes ; and if any Chap 55. grand jury (hall negleft to make fuch appointment, the per- V— ion who lalt adled as fecretary, (hall continue to be fecretary, If grand juries and to a<5l as fuch, until another (hall be qualified to a€t by not appoint Virtue of being appointed in manner afoiefaid ; and if any f^cecdVjig af-perfon appointed fecretary, or a'&ing as fuch, (hall happen flzcs? the lalt to die, the clerk of the peace is hereby required to acl as may aft: fuch, until the laft day of the enfiling aflizes, and for his performing all and lingular the duties of a fecretary, he (hall ?e entitled to reeeive luch fum for his trouble as the fecretary / living, would be entitled to.	^

XLIII. And be it further enafted, That any prefentment Prefentment* n\de for laying out or making any new road, or widening tobe travafed an- old road, (hall be traverfed only at the aflizes at which it at fol be made, and that it (hall be lawful for any occupier or °>ier of the ground, through which fuch new road is to be m,e, or into which faid old road is to be widened, to tra* vei’ the prefentment for the fame, for damages at fuch as aforefaid, and fuch tiaverfe or traverfes (hall be tried theror at tJlc enfuing aflizes, and the jury which (hall try Jt> ill true verdift give, whether any and what damages will accrtthercby to the traverfer, and upon the damages fo fouiiOefng pa,‘d to the traverfer, ordepofited for his or lief ufe, the treafurer of the county, it (hall be lawful for the ov^cr to proceed in the execution of the prefentment, withoube interruption of any perfon ; and it (hall be lawful for •> grand jury as aforefaid, to prefent at their difere-tion, fu (um or fums of money fo found for damages, to be raifeoj the county, or on the barony or half-barony, county oicity or town refpeftively, in which the traverfer (hall havtade it appear that he or (he fuftained the damage, t°# which efentment no traverfe (hall be allowed or received.

1 XLIV.1(j be it further enafted, That every traverfe whiefh may made to any prefentment, by virtue of this aft, may tried upon the entry of the prefentment in the crown-j^ an(j the traverfe taken thereto, without making upy record, fo

as fuch entry be fufficient m fubitaoce, t*b may be defeftive in point of form.

XLV. Abe fa further enafted, That if it (hall appear tot,he grand ^ Up0n due proof, by two credible perfons upon oath, at adizeu within two years after any quere on any prefentmby which money was granted, {hall have been difcharg.{jat t},e money was not expended agreeable *j Pre vnt'» ar>d if the overfeer thereof {hall be indicted, and Cfted for perjury, on account of having 1	fwora

Traverfer.

may be tried on entry cl pn> feptmeuts.

Overfecri 1 vy be fued f*r i-h,-ney not faiil/ expended,





The thirtyJtxth Year of George III.

A. D.

1796. Chap. 55

Grand juries to prefcnt f >r flopping up old jrpads.

Eadi perch fhall contain 21 feet m length.

G. juries may appoint a co'-lec»or for each jjarony, &c.

Olic&oraBd % turcties to ]oi,', in Lo.id, ’ for executing truft, fee.

fvorn falfely in the affidavit accounting for the fame, it fhall

be lawful for the grand jury to direef the treafurer to fuefuch overfeer, and fuch t< eafurer is hereby authorized to fue him by action or civil bill, for the recovery of the money which he (hall have fo fraudulently received, on account of fuch pre* fentmei t.

XLVI. And he it further enabled. That it fhall be Lawful for any grand jury, as afoteftid, to prefent any old road to be ilopped up, (except fuch concerning which any fuits are now depending in law or equity,) if it fhall appear to them that the faid road is no longer neceffitry to be kept open fpr the convenience of travellers, or that a new road has been rpade, which aniwers all tlie purpofes of the old one to every which prefentment it fhnll be lawful for any perfon ♦ enter a traverfe at the fame, or at the next aflizes after fiO prefentment fliall be made ; and if fuch traverfe fhall not^ tried within a year after fuch prefentment fhall be made, t* prefentment (hall (tand good and valid to all intents and p*? pofes.

XLVII. And to prevent any difference of opinion the number of feet contacted in a perch ; be it ena&ed, all meafurement of roads and fences, for the ptpk of grounding, or accounting for prefentments, b*v*r" tue of this a&, (hall be by the perch of twenty o^cet in length.

XLVIII. And for the collection of all money*Thieh fliall be prefented to be raifed on any county, baroi half-baiony, parifh, or town-land, by virtue of this or ; other aL of parliament, where no paiticular provifion ie^e f°r railing the fame ; be it further enabled, That it fh*e kw«r fill for any grand jury, as aforefaid, at each afli: *° aJ*> point a proper peifon to be collector for each baru or half-baronv, or county of a city, or county of a town^ *° c°i‘ l :cl the money fo piefe.ited, to be raifed thereuj an^ aJ-fo, the proportion of luch barony, or iulf-bari °f ;he mon.*\ prefented to be raifed on a.ny parifh ^w’n-lanc} therein ; and fuch grand jury may pr fent a lum *xcecding nine penceun the pound, to be railed, and paid^agesfor collt&i'ig.

XLIX. And be it further cna<fted, That Pcrfon fo appointed, fliall act as a colleflci, or be antlu^ *° uni'.‘is lie fliall have given fecurity by two fufficfure#l^>to b. approved of by thegiand jury at the affi.'or juftices of tiie peace at the feflions, or any three jultiV *he peace, refidyht in the barony, or halt-barony, or cf °f a c,t7» pr town, for which he fliall' have been app$ collcftor, joining with hiin in executing a bond and	att0TV

Digitized by LjOOQle

The thirfy-finth Tear of George III.

Hey, to confers judgment to the treafurer of the county, conditioned for his duly colleding afnd paying to fuch trea-furer, on or before the fecond day of the next afiizes, all fiich publick money as he is, or (hall be required by him to colled, and on his producing the treafurer’s certificate, of his having paid the fame, purfuaut to his recognizance, he (hall be entitled to receive the fum prefented as wages for colleding ; and every colledor appointed as aforefaid, may, by writing under his hand and leal, appoint a deputy colledor, or deputy colledors, to aflift him in collecting the publick money, for whom he fhall be anfwerable.

L. And be it further enaded, That in cafe any grand jury as aforefaid, fhall omit to appoint a colledor for any ba- le&ors are not rony or half-barony, or county of a city or town, or if the *PP™ntc<j> vf* colledor fhall fail to give fecurity as aforefaid, within one deemercoUeal month after his appointment, (if he fhall have received due tors,on giving notice thereof) the high-con ft able of fuch barony, county fcuirity, of a city or town, if the grand jury fhall have appointed one, and if not, then fuch perfon as may have been appointed high conftable by virtue of an ad made in the tweh-ty-feveqth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, fhall, to all intents and purpofes, be deemed the colledor within his diftrid, and fhall and is hereby required to levy and colled all money which the treafurer fhall by his warrant require him to colled, and on giving fecurity in manner aforefaid, withfn ten days after he fhall have received the treafurer’s warrant, but not otherwise, he fhall be entitled to receive, and may colled the fum prefented, as wages for colleding ; and the feveral conftablcs, and fub-con{tables, are hereby required to aid and aflift the colledor or colledors, deputy colledor or deputy collcdors, or high oonftablt, in colleding the publick money, prefented to be raifed on fuch county, barony, or half-barony, as alfo, all perfons empowered to levy publick money, which if any conftable or fub-con liable, fo required, fhall refufe to do, every fuch conftable fo refufing, fhall upon convidion, by the oath of two credible witneftes, before any juftice of the peace of the county, county of a pity, or county of a town, where fuch offence fhall be committed, forfeit for every fuch offence, a fum not exceeding five pounds, to be levied together with the charges by dii-trefs and fale of the goods of the offender, by warrant of any two juftices of the peace for fuch county, county of a city,^or county of a town where fuch offence fhall have been committed.

LI And be it further enaded, That the clerk of the Clerks of the crown, (hall, within four days after every afiizes, deliver to crown to give the treafurer of each county, without fee or reward, copies county treafu-rf preferments, made at the faid affixes, and alfo of all

fccjcnaltjrjl.

When col-

D .

uXiP-Qgle

Treafurer* to iflue warrants to co ledors. See. to pay as herein.

Difficult to afeertain proportions to be paid, &c.

The tbtrty-fixth Year of George IIL

queres c!’{charged at the fame, figned by himfelf, and for every default thereof fhall forfeit the fum of five pounds, to bo recovered by any perfon who fhall fue for the fame by civil bill ; ai d fuch clerk of the crown fhall alfo, at every ai-fizes, deliver to the grand jury, a true and faithful return of all queres and prefentments which have not been duly accounted for and difeharged, and if he fhall wilfully negleft fb to do, he fhall upon conviftion thereof by evidence, to the fati fa ion of the court, be incapable of afting in laid office for the future.

LII And be it further enafted, That the treafurerof each county, fhall, within one month after he fhall have received fuch copies of the prefentments, iffue his warrants to the feveral perfons who under the provilions in this aft, are to be the colleftors for levying and collefting the fums to be r^ifed off each barony or halt-barony, or county of a city or town, which fums every perfon to whom fuch warrant is direfted, is hereby empowered and required to raife and levy, and to pay to the treafurer, on or before the fecond day of the next affizes; and in cafe any perfon fhall refufe to pay his or her proportion thereof, fuch perfon as fhall be empowered to colleft the fame, fhall and may levy the fame, by diilrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of fuch perfons, rendering to him or her the overplus, if any, after deducing thereout, at the rate of twelve pence for each pound, for his trouble in making fuch diftrefs, and in every fuch warrant fhall be inftrted the names of the feveral manors, parifhes or denominations contained in that portion of the county, which fuch perfon is to colleft from, as the fame is contained in the county hook, and alfo the whole fum to be collefted by fuch perfon, and the portion thereof which each manor, parifli or denomination is to pay, according to its contents in the county hook, or as it has been ufually rated at*

LI 11. And whereas it has been found very difficult, in many cafes to afeertain the proportion each perfon is to pay, whereby much ohflruftion has arifen in the colleftion of the money required by the treafurer’s warrant to he levied ; therefore be it further enafted, That every perfon, empowered to receive the fame, to whom fuch warrant fhall be fo fent, fhall, within ten days after he fhall have received fuch warrant, deliver, or fend to the fenefchal or church-wardens of each manor, parifh, or denomination of land contained in fuch warrant, or in cafe there he no fenc-fchal or church-warden of the fame, then to any principal refiding inhabitant, if he fhall be required fo to do by any two land-holders of any fuch manor, parifh, or denomination of land, or, if he fhall deem it neceffory fo to do, an

account

Digitized by

Google^

The thirtyJixth Year of George 111,'

account In writing, figned by himfelf, of the fum he is required by the faid warrant to levy upon the faid manor, pa-rifh or denomination, and to defire that the faid fum may be applotted thereon ; and every perfon who (hall receive fuch account, is hereby required under the penalty of ten pounds, to be recovered by civil bill, (by any perfon who (hall fue for the fame) to poll up within,fix days after receipt thereof on the door of the church, or any other con-fpicuous place in faid manor, parifti or denomination, a notice figned by himfelf, fetting-forth, that the land-holders and inhabitants of	are hereby

required to meet at	on the

day of	to	choofe	two or more

perfons to applot the fum of	required

to be levied upon fuch manor, parifh or denomination, by the warrant of the ireafurer of this county j at which meeting the land-holders and inhabitants then prefent, (hall chooiV two or more perfons to be applotters, and the perfons io clioien (hall applot the fame fully and juftly, as foon as they conveniently can, and (hall, upon the back of, or underdeath their applotment, make oath before any juftice of the peace for fuch county, that they have made the faid applot-ment juftly, according to the beft of their (kill, without favour, affe&ion or malice : and (hall within thirty days aftet being fo chofen, deliver the fame to the perfon who is empowered to colle& the fame, under the penalty of forfeiting for every day they (hall omit to deliver the fame, after the faid thirty days, the fum of ten (hillings, to be recovered by civil bill, by any peifon who (hall fue for the fame ; and the colleftor, on receiving fuch full and fufficient applotment, is hereby required and authorized to levy the faid money according thereto, and alfo any fum of money, not exceeding ten fhiuings, for the applotter’s fees, by diftrefs and fale of the goods of every perions refusing to pay the proportion therein applotted for him or her to pay, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner; and in cafe no full and fufficient applotment (ball be returned within thirty-fix days after fuch account was fent or delivered, then in fuch cafe it (hall be lawdul for the cclleftor, or his deputy, or the high-con-ftable, into filch manor, parifti, or denomination to enter, and diftrain the whole or any part thereof, and by fale of fuch diftrefs, to levy the full fum he is required by the trea-furer’s warrant, to levy upon fuch manor, parifti, or denomination.

LIV. And be it further enabled. That if anycolle&or appointed by the grand jury of any county (hall happen to die before he lhall have colledted the publick money, it (hall be lawful for the juftices of thepaace of fuch county, at the

feffions

notice polled, penalty ioL

Form of notice.

2 applotters

chofen for each denomination, &c.

colledlors to le-^ vy according t# applotment, lot. fees by diftrefs and fale, &c.

If a collector dies, juft ices may appoint another, 6c c.

Digitized by L^ooQie

♦ft

A. 0.

»79& Cfaaf. 55.

O. juries may prefent for arrears unpaid. Ire.

Trtafnfers to give o6pies of prefentments to overfeers, to make up their accounts. Sec, as herein*

The thirty fixth Tear of George III.

fcffions, or any adjournment thereof, to appoint another ft and proper perfon to colled the publick money in the place of fuch collector dcceafed, upon his giving fufBcient fecu-rity to perform the requifites aforeuid, until a colled or (hall be appointed by the grand jury of fuch county afore-faid.

LV. And be it further enaded, That it fhall be lawful for any grand jury as aforefaid, to prefent any fuch fums of money as now are, or at any time hereafter (ball be unpaid or in arrear, out of any barony or balf-bhrony, or county of a city or town, to be raifed and levied on fuch barony or half-barony, county of a city or town, which the fame was or (hall have been originally required by the treafurer* 8 warrant to be levied upon, if they (hall think fit, and to prefent all fuch fums of money which have hitherto been, or at any time hereafter (hall remain unpaid on account of the abfconding or infolvency of any colledor, or any perfon empowered to colled or receive publick money, w ho is or (hall be infolvent, to be raifed or levied either upon the county, or upon the barony or half-barony in which the fame was before levied, if they (hall think fit $ which fums fhall be levied m the fame manner, and fubje^t to the fame rules, rew gulations, provi(ions, and powers, as the money to be levied by virtue of this ad is to be fubjed ; and in cafe any money fo detained or fecreted by any colledor, treafurer, or Other perfon empowered to colled or receive publick money (hall be hereafter recovered, it (hail be paid to the then treafurer, and be prefented by the grand jury, to be expended in executing? lome work or works in the county at large, or barony or half-barony, on which it was raffed.

LVI. And be it further enaded, That the treafurer of every county, (hall give copies of fuch preferments as he fhall receive from the clerk of the crown, to any of the overfeers mentioned in fuch preferment, or to their order on demand, or within ten days after fuch overfeer (hall apply to him for the fame, without fee or reward; and that every treafurer (hall make up his accounts upon oath, of all bis receipts and payments at eveiy affixes, and lay them fairly written, the laft day of the (aid aflizes, or fooner if required, before the grand jury of fuch county where he is appointed treafurer, to be viewed, allowed, or disapproved by the faid grand; jury, who (hall canfe the fame to be entered in the county book, with fuch remarks as they (hatt think fit to make thereon ; and that no treafurer fhall compound for any money to be raifed on th? publick, nor make any deductions whatfoeyer, for any fum he fhall pa^ to any per-

The thirty-Jixtb Tear of George III. 1

fbn, but fuch as he {hall account for; and if thetreafurer of any county (hall offend herein, or aegledt to make up his accounts as aforelaid, or to keep an office open upon every <lay9 (Sundays only excepted) for the fpace of fourteen d^ys, immediately next after every ajflizes, from the hours of nine in the morning until three in the afternoon, in the towji wherein the affixes were la& held, or (hall during that tiffie refufe to pay the amount of all fuch queres as (hall have been difeharged, if demanded, without fee or reward, if he {hall have publick money to pay the fame, he (hall be finqi by the judge of affize, or be committed without bail or mainprize to the county gaol at the diferetion of fuch judge of arnze.

LVII. And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for any perfon or perfons who now have, or hereafter ferries may eredk {hall have any ferry over any river, excepting cities and towns bridges, Sec. corporate, to ere& and fupport a bridge at his or their own ^ cxpence, over fuch river, in the place of fuch ferry, and to ting ferries, «e*. take and receive for paffing fuch bridge, fuch toll, and tou8 recovered Ho more, as they are entitled to receive for palling fuc)t by 30 Geo. j. ►ferry, fo as that fuch bridge (hall not obftru& the navigation of fuch river ; and fuch tolls (hall be recoverable in like manner, and under fuch penalties for refilling or evading to pay the fame, by any juftice of the peace, as is jirefcribed by an a& palled in the thirtieth year of his pre-fent .Majefty's reign, entitled, An ad for building a bridge Mner the river Loughfoyle9 in the city of Londonderry, anjd jthe fuburbs thereof, and that the grand juries of counties (if* they (hall think fit) may purchafe the properties of fuch bridges,in order to open the fame free of tolls, for the Jbenefitof the publick-

X-VIII. And to the end that the grand juries of the federal counties may be apprized of the fums demanded on the county at large, and on the refpe&ive, baronies, to be enabled thereby to regulate the grants of publick money, confident with the ability of the county and baronies; be it further cna&ed. That' all affidavits for presentments for making, * Affidavit* widening, and repairing roads, lowering hills, or filling h(3- lodged with fee. lows, making or repairing foot-paths, building or repairing t£> grand jury-, gaols, feffion-houfes, bridges, pipes, gullets, arches, walls,	M herein*

pales or fences, (hall be lodged fix days at* the leal! before the commiffion day of the affixes with the ading fecretary of the grand jury, at his office in the county town, who is hereby required to keep an office open from the hour of eleven untill three in the afternoon, in fuch county town, ten days at load previous to every affizes ; and to make fchcdules of luck affidavits, ddbaguifciag fc fcparate fchcdules the

Owner* of

Digitized by VjOOQ 1C

O. juries to number preferment* agreea-ble to fchedules, except as herein.

Cafes in which preferments may be made, &*

When fee. has made fche-dulcs, &c. trea-furer fha.ll apportion in uiual mode, 6cc.

The thirty'Jixth Tear of George III.

amount of the fums (Worn to in the faid affidavits, for thc purpofe of being raifed on the county at large, and on each barony or half-barony, and fpecifying the amount of the charge, that the faid films fo fworn to, for the purpofe of being raifed on the county at large, would, if prefented, oc-cafion on each barony or half-barony, particularizing the charge from the preferments on the barony or halfbarony, and the proportion of the fums to be raifed on the barony or half-barony, arifing from the charge on the county at large ; and the faid fecretary is hereby required to deliver fuch fchedules, numbering the affidavits in each fche-dule, m arithmetical progreffion, beginning with number one, to the foreman of the grand jury, on the day the grand jury (hall be fworn, together with all the affidavitss he has received ; and he (hall likewife deliver a copy of fuch fchedules to the judge of affize, and keep a third in hi3 office, for the infpe&ion of the publick, which third fchedule he is hereby dire&ed and required to have ready for fuch infpec-tion, four complete days at lead, before the commiffion day of each affizes refpe&ively.

LIX. And be it further enafted, That the grand jury (hall number all fuch preferments as they (hall make, agreeable to the number in fuch fchedules, unlefs where there is a diferetionary power given to them by law, to make any preferment on the county at large, or on a barony, as they fhall think fit; and that no prefentment to be founded on an affidavit, purfuant to this a&, fliall be fiated in court, for any of the purpofes aforefaid, unlefs fuch affidavit be eulered in fome one of fuch fchedules.

LX. Provided always, That if it (hall appear by the oaths of two credible perfons who can read and write, that any bridge or part of a bridge, or pipe, arch, gullet, or wall, have been fo damaged by fudden accident, within the fpace of ten days, before or during the fitting of any affizes, that it is abfolutely necefiary to rebuild or repair the fame, before the affizes next following, that then and in every fuch cafe, it fhall and may be lawful for the grand jury to prefent fuch fum or fums of money as may be fufficient to rebuild fuch bridge, pipe, arch, gullet, or wall, and for the court to fiat fUch prefentment, although the affidavit fetting forth the fame, (hall not have been entered in fuch fchedule.

LXT. And be it further ena&ed, That when the fecretary or clerk of the grand jury of each county, fhall have made fuch fchedules, and totted up the amount of the fums required on the feveral affidavits to be raifed at fuch affizes, on the baronies, half-baronies, or county at large, the trea-furer of fuch county is hereby required to apportion the

fame

Digitized by v^ooQle

447

X

The thirty-Jtxth Year of George III.

fame, according to the iifual mode of affeflment, In the re-fpedlive baronies, which apportionment, together with an accurate copy of the preferments and applotments of the fums granted at the preceding aflizes, he is to return to the foreman of the grand jury, before the hour of two in the afternoon, on the day on which they fhall be fworn, or if fuch grand jury fhall be fworn in the afternoon, then before the hour of two in afternoon, on the day following; and the feveral grand juries are hereby empowered to grant a fum not exceeding five pounds, at every fummer aflizes, to the treafurer, over and above what he may be otherwife entitled to by law, on his making an affidavit of the fidelity and accuracy of fuch copy of the prefentments of each preceding aflizes, and of the apportionment of the fums fpe-cified in the feveral affidavits to be raifed, to the beft of his ikill and abilities.

LX II. And be it further ena&ed, That every overfeer, ...................

appointed by virtue of this a&, fhall be empowered to dig may dig and ' for, raife, and carry away any gravel, ftones, fand or other carry away materials, which may be granted for the building, rebuilding, gravel,make enlarging, or repairing any bridge, arch, gullet, gaol, fef- f^aion-to fion-houle, work-houfe, houfe-of corre&ion, pipe or wall; owners (hall be or for the making, repairing, or preferving any road or affeffed, &c. foot-paths, whether it be in fuch county, or in an adjoining county, and .to make drains, in order to carry off any water which might injure any bridge, gullet, arch, pipe, wall, or road, in or through the lands of any perfon, not being a deer-park, bleach-green, orchard, walled garden, haggard or yard, or planted walk, lawn, or avenue to a manfion-houfe ; and that fuch overfeer fhall make fuch fatisfa&ion to the owner or occupier of the land, for what damage maybe done thereby, as fhall be aflefled by three fubftantial houfe-holders of the county in which he was appointed overfeer, one to be named by each of the parties, and the third by the next, or any neighbouring juftice of the peace 5 and in cafe any overfeer (hall refufe, or after four days notice in writing from fuch land-holder, fhall negledt ro name a proper appraifer to attend on fuch valuation, that then the perfon who ought to be named by fuch overfeer, fhall beTiamed by fuch juftice, who fhall be fworn'by fuch juftice of the peace, to be appraisers of fuch damages, and to make a true eftimate thereof, to the beftof their (kill, in which eftimate no damages fhall be included for any tenant, in refpeft of the value of any ftones, gravel, or other materials, but Amply for the wafte committed, by breaking the furface, and making a paflage through the land, unlefs quarries, and gravel-pits, fhall have been demifedto fuch tenant, in the lcafe

h*

Overfeera

I

Digitized by LjOOQle

The thiriy-ftxth Year »f George III.

A. D.

1796. Chap. 55.

Overfeers of canals, &c. (hall have powers equal to over-fcer* of roads.

Overfem flnll not take materials from beaches, Scc. penalty p.

Ter Corns of-sfending as kr rein, ihu.il loifcit mud pay, for every offence, the penalties ; herein mentioned.

be holds of the land, with liberty to fell or difpofe of the tame.

LXI1I. And be it further enabled, That,mil overfeers for

making or repairing any canal, or making any river navigable, or improving the navigation of any river, (hall have aff and Angular, the fame powers of raifing and carrying away gravel, (tones, earth, or other materials, f6r the ufe of iuch refpe&ive works, as are hereby given to the overfeers of publick roads, fubjedt to the fame regulations and redridliops.

LXIV. And be it further enadted, That it (hall not be lawful for any overfeers asaforefaid, to dig, raife, or carry away any gravel, ftones, fand, or other materials from any beach or fea fhore? whereby a public road, or a bulwark, or defence to any towns, or publick roads adjoining the fame, may be injured, and that every perfon who (hall be convidfed thereof, on the oath of one credible witnefs, before any juftice of the peace within his jurifdi&ion, (hall for every fuch offence, forfeit a fum not exceeding five (hillings for every cart load of fuch gravel, (tones, fand, or other materials fo dug, raffed or carried away.

LXV. And be it further ena&ed, That , if any perfon fhq.ll fcour, deepen, widen, or fill up any ditch or drain, on the fide pf any road, without the confent or direction of one pf the overfeers thereof, or of the confervator appointed for the barony or half barony, wherein the fame is made or eredted, or if any owner or occupier, (hall omit to fcour any ditch or drain, leading from any publick road, fo as to give full liberty to the water to j>afs away, within ten days after notice (hall be given to him or her fo to do, by fuch overfeer or confervator, or (hall permit, or fuffer the free paflage of the water to be obftrudled, by making or having any way or paflage from any road, into the lands adjoining, or to his cr her houfe> without a fufficient pipe, fewer, or gullet underneath it, or fhall ride or drive any horfe, bead or other cattle willingly, or unneccflarily, on any foot path, or (hall deep or dry any flax, or burn any bricks or lime, or any weqds or vegetables for ^flies, or permit the fame to be deeped, dried or burned on his or her land, within one hundred feet'of the centre of any publick road ; or (hall cat any turf, or make any turf-flack on any publick road, within forty feet of the center thereof; or (hall build any wall or make any ditch, or dig any pit on any publick road, within thirty feet of the centre thereof; or within fifteen Feet of the Jklc thereof, unlefs by authority of any prefentment; or (hall lay any dirt, dung, turf, draw, rubbidi, or fcouring of any ditches or diains, or any dones, bricks,* timber, fana, eky, or lime, on any publick roadf or within thirty feet of

Digitized by v^ooQle

*the thirty~fixth Tear of George lit.	(	44£

the centre thereof, or before any houfe within twenty yards A. D. of the centre of fuch road, or {hall leave on any publick 1796. road, or permit to be left on the fame, oppofite to, or near Chap. 57. his or her Jioufe, or offices, any plough or harrow, or any cart, car, dray, or other carriage, without the hoHe or horfes, or other beaft or beads .being harnefied thereto, uri-lefs ftich carriage (hall have been accidentally broken down there ; or (hall fpread any linen, blanket or cloth, for winnowing corn, within one hundred feet of the centre of any publick road, or fhall leave any dead bead on any road, or fkin, or permit to be (kiuned, the carcafe of any bead, oh any publick road, or within one hundred feet of the centre th.reof, unlefs in a houfe or yard enclofed with walls; or {hall beat any Aax, or winnow any corn, or ere& any may-pole, may-bufh, or fign-poft on any road, or {hall keep any cur-dog, madid, or bull-dog, without hating a block of wood, of the weight of five pounds at the lead, fadened to the neck of every fuch dog, at any houfe, within fifty yards . of any publick road, or {hall, without the con fen t of the overfeer or confcrvator, ferape any publick road, or cut any fpds of turf, on the fide of any fuch road, or take away any earth, clay, dones, or gravel therefrom, or {hall lead or drive any car or carriage with timber, hoards, or iron laid acrofs, fo as that either end {hall proje& beyond the wheels and fides of the carriage, or {hall draw any timber or mill-flone, along any part of a publick road, without being fup-.ported by wheels from touching the fame, every perton fo offending, {hall, upon convi&ion, by the oath 01 one credible witnefs, before any judice of the peace, within his jurifditlion, or upon the view of any fuch judice, forfeit a fum not exceeding ten {hillings fbi every fuch offence; and it (hall be lawful for any ovetfeer or confervator, to fill	,

up any ditch or drain which {hall be fcoured, deepened, or widened, or to fcourany drains which have been filled on the fide of any road* without fuch dire&ion or con-fent as aforefaid ; and to fcour or deepen any drain or ditch leading from any road which {nail be omitted to be fcoured or deepened after, fuch notice as aforefaid | and to remove any way or paffage from any road into any adjoining land, or to any houfe, which may obftru& the free paffage of the water, and to re-make the fame, by building a gutter* fewer, or arch therein, and to remove any brick, or lime-kiln, weeds, or vegetables £or making afhes, which flro.Il be burning, or any flax which {hall be fteeped, or drying within one hundred feet of the centre of any publick road ; and to pull down any fign-poft, may-pole* or may-bufh, and to pull down or fill up and level any Vol. X.	F	f	wall*

i

Digitized by

Google

45®

The	thirtyJixth Ytartf Gforpe I ft.

A. D.

1796. Chap. 55.

Any perfon •nay take away artk'ca herein named, for bit ufc.

ik. a day forfeited for load «f dune;. See. laid within 50 feet erf centre of md, fire.

Tufticea may kill doga kej*t contrary to a3, fire.

wall, drain or ditclt, which fhall be built or made, or began to be built or made, contrary to this act ; 2nd to remove the carcafe of any dead beaft, which fhall remain in or near any publick road, cont^iy to thi9 act, and to levy the expence of fo doing, by difirefs and fale of the goods of the offender, of 6f the occupier of the land* wherein fuch way, paflage or drain fhall fee ; rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner, after deducting the fum of one (hilling in the pound, for the expence and trouble $f taking fuch diftrefg

LX VI. And be it farther enacted, That all dirt, dung, turf, flraw,, rubbifh, or fcounng, and all clay, (tones, bn’cis, fand, or lime, which fhall be laid on any publick road within th'rty feet of the centre thereof, without fuch confent or direction as aforefaid, fhall be, and is hereby declared to be forfeited ; and it fhall be lawful for any perfon whatsoever, to take, carry a way’, and convert the fattfe to his or her own trfe ; as alfo all com which fhall be laid on any publick road for the purpofe of being winnowed, or fhall be winnowing thereon, or remain there after having been winnowed thereon, together with the facks or winnowing cloths whereon the fame may happen to be ; and ajl flax which (hall be beating on any publick road, or be laid there for the purpofe of being beaten ^ and any may-pole or may-bufh which (hall be crefttd on any publick roach without the let, fuit, trouble, or hindrance of any perfon whatfoever.

LXVII. And be it further enabled, That for every cart load of dung, rubbifh, or fcouring, which fhall have been laid on any publick road, or within thirty feet of the centre thereof, contrary to the provifions of this act, and which fhall be drawn away by the directions of any rrsagift rate, over-feer, or conservator, after having remained there for twenty-four hours, the perfon by whom, or by whofe order the fame was bid there, or who (hall be liable to penalty for the fame being laid there, upon conviction before any juflicc of the peace within his juirfdiction, by the oath of one credible witneb, fhall forfeit the funr of one (billing for every day the fame (hall have remained there.

LXVIII. And be it further eha6bed. That it (halt be lawful for anyjufticeof the peace within his jurisdiction, to kill ady cur-dog, maflifF, or bull-dog, which fhall be kept near any publick road, contrary to the provilionrof this at, or t« iflue his warrant to order .any fuch dog to Be killed, and the nueifecrs and fub-eem (tables within' their refpe&ive jurif-dictio.is, may feize or kill any fuch dog which (hall be kept near any-publick road, contrary to this act; and if any perfon whatfoever, (hall be annoyed in palling or rc-paflif\g any pubbek road, by any cur-dog, malliff, or bulWog, which

Digitized by

The thirty fxth Ytar of George III.

be kept near fuch ro td, contrary to the provifiont of this a<fl, it fhall be lawful for airy fuch perfon to kill fuch cur-dog, maftiff, or bull-dog, without being fued or profecuted for fo doing.

LX IX. And be it further enabled, That it (hall be lawful Juftices, &c. for anyjuiliee of the peace of any county, or chief magif-	bcafti

trate of any town, and the perfon or perfons to whom the	•

tolls or cuftoms of any market-town (hall belong, if in fuch	*

market-town there is no chief magiftrate, or any peace officer, within their refpcClive jurifdidlions, or for any overfeer -or confervator of roads, to feize and impound, or caufe to be foV.ed and impounded, any fwine or bead which fhall be four.d wandering upon any publick road, or about the ftreeta or pottages of any town.; and in cafe the fum of live fhillings and the experts of impounding and detaining the fame, fhall not be paid within four days after impounding the fame, to caufe fuch fwine or bead to'be fold, and out of the money a riling f*om the fale-thereof, to pay fuch penalty and ex-penccs of impounding, keeping, and felling the fame, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner; notice of fuch	T*

fale, in which fhall be infer ted the name of the pariih and town land where fuch fwine or bead was feized, beirtg firlk polled up in fome confpicuous place in the parifh where feized, and at the place where impounded, forty-eight hours at the lead before the time of fale ; and that it (hall be law- notice to b# ful for fuchjufticc, magiftrate, or perfon to whom the tolls fon§%holay" or cuftoms of fuch market-town fhall belong, peace-officer, dirt, &c. before overfeer, and confervator, within their refpe&ive jurifdiclions, tl.cir heufes, Sec* to caufe notice in writing to be ferved upon, or left at the dwelling-houfe or ufual place of abode of any perfon, or upon the occupier of any noufe or land, in any of the flreets or paffages of any city, towm-corporate, or market-town, who fhall lay in any fuch ftreet or paffage, or fuffer to be laid oppofite to his or her houfe or land, in any fuch ftreet or pafTage, any dirt, dung, turf, rubbifh, (tones, bricks, timber, fand, clay, lime, or other nuifance ; or fhall leave any dead beaft, or (kin, or permit to be left or fkinned, the car-cafe of any bead; or fhall ere£t, or fuffer to be ere&ed, any may-pole, may-bufb, or iign-poft, or fhall dig, or leave open any pit or hole, or fuffer any fuch to be dug, or left open, or lhall keep any cur-dog, maftiff, or bull-dog, without having a block of wood of the weight of five pounds at the lead fattened to the neck of fuch dog, to remove or abate fuch nuifance ; and if fuch perfon fhall negledl to remove or Perfons offend* abate any fuch nuifance for foity-eight hours after fuch notice	^lDt

(hall have been ferved or left as aforefaid, it (hall be lawful ° a ^ for fuch juflice or magiftrate, or perfon to whom the tolls %x cuftoms of fuch market fhall belong, or fuch perfon fo F fa	authorized.

N* houfe i to be built within 30 feet of centre, of 15 of fide of road.

fik jury or joil ices may order lime-kilns, Arc. to be pul* led down.

What deemed Centre of road.

Perfcmt who injure mile* Hone, Sec. forfeit as herein.

The thirty-fixth TuUr 6f George IH.

authori red, peace-officer, or confcrvator, as afbrefaid, to remove fuch nuifance and apply the fame to his own life, and to fill up fuch pit or hole ; and every perfon who (hall be con-vi&ea of fuch negledt, on the oath of one credible witnefs, before any juftice of the peace of the county, or chief magi ft rate of the town where the offence (hall be committed,

(hall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay to the informer a ium not exceeding ten (hillings.

LXX. And be it further ena&ed, That no houfe, or part of a houfe, (hall be built within thirty feet of the centre of any road, or within fifteen feet of the fide thereof, (except in the (treats of corporate or market-towns) ; and that if any perfon (hall build, or begin to build, or proceed in building any houfe, or part of a houfe, within. fuch diftance, every fuch perfon (hall forfeit the fum of ten pounds, and the further fum of twenty (hillings for every week afterwards, until the fame (hall be pulled down or removed ; to be recovered before any juftice of the peace, as afore-faid.

LXXI. And be it further ena&ed. That no lime-kiln (hall be built within one hundred feet of the centre of any pub-lick ; and that it (hall be lawful for any grand jury as aforefaid, or juftices at a feflions of the peace, to dirc& any houfe or lime-kiln built, or building contrary to this, or any of the a&s hereby repealed, to be pulled down, and to iffuc their orders to any conftable or conftables for that purpofe, which every high and other conftable (hall aid and affifl in executing.

LXXII: And be it further ena&ed, That the centre of the road within the provifions of this adt, (hall be deemed to be the centre of the part thereof made with gravel or (matt fton£s.

LXXIII. And be it further ena&ed. That if any perfofi (hall wilfidly prevent, affault, or threaten to affault any perfon or perfons employed in furveying or meafuring any lint intended for a new road, or (hall ride or drive any bead or carriage on any new road leading through boggy or inoory grounds, or through a mountain, within the lpace of three months after the fame (hall be made ; or (hall wilfully deftroy, pull up, deface or injure any mile-ftone, mile-poft, and di* re&ion-poft, or any bridge, battlement, wall, railing, mound, or fence, ere&ed or repaired by prefentment; or (hall wilfully break, deface, pull down, or take aw3y done* out of any fuch battlement, wall, mound, or fence, or out of any court-houfe, gaol, houfe of corre&ion, pier, or other building, or any bridge, pipe, arch, or gullet, built or repaired by prefentment, he or (he (hall forfeit for every fych offence, upon coQvi&ifcn by tbc oath of cue credible witue£fc before

is .

Digitized bj -Google

The thirtyjixtb Tear of George III.

any juft ice of the peace within their refpe&ive jurifdi&ions, or upon the view of fuch juftice, fuch fum not exceeding five pounds, a% fuch juftice of the peace, chief magiftrate, or his a&ing aeputy, ihall think fit.

LXXIV. And be it eiia&cd by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall be lawful for the grand jury of any county, by presentment, to raife fuch fum or films of money as they fhall think neceffary, upon any barony or half-barony, in fuch county, for making, widening, and deepening drains on each iide of any publick road, and carrying off the water therefrom in fuch barony or half-barony, which has been, of fhall be made through a bog, and for carrying off the water that may injure fuch road, provided fuch fum mall not exceed the fum of twelve pence for each perch of fuch drain : pro* vided always, That no fum of money (hall be fo presented, unlefs it Ihall appear by affidavit fworn by two perfons, who can read and write, before a juftice of the peace for fuch county, that the fum therein required is a reafonable charge, and tnat the work is neceffary, and cannot be efFe&uiuly executed for a Smaller fum, to the beft of their judgment 5 and that no fum of money fhall be paid by the treafurer on account of any fuch prefentment, until it fhall appear to the grand jury, and to the judge of affize, by the affidavit of one of the overfeers appointed for fuch work, who can read and write, fworn before a juftice of the peace, that the faid; fum fo accounted for, hath been faithfully and honeftly expended in the execution of the work, for which fuch fum of money was granted by fuch prefentment^ to the beft of hia fkill and judgment.

.LXXV. And in order to prevent any inconvenience to travellers from fudden breaches in any bridges or roads, between affixes and affixes; be it further ena&ed, That any juftice of the peace of any county, having an eftatc in freehold, in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of the clear yearly value of one hundred pounds at leaft, within fuch county, may, under his hand and feal, order any fum not exceeding five pouitds, to be expended in repairing any bridge, or any pub-lick road, and any fum not exceeding forty ftiftlingsi, to be expended in repairing any publick road within fuch county, which may be fuddeuly damaged, and which ought to be repaired by fuch county; provided it fhajl appear to him by the affidavit of two credible persons who can read and write, that the repair of fuch bridge or road cannot be delayed to the next affiz.es, without prejudice to the county, as they verily believe; which affidavit the faid juftice is hereby empowered to take 5 and the faid juftice may alfo appoint a proper overfeer to repair the fame; and every grand jury of every fuch county, in hereby empowered to raifc by presentment*

I ad. a perch for m?king drains on fide* of roads thro* bogs, See.

A juftice may expend 5I. on a bridge, or 40s. on a road fud-denly damaged*.



Digitized by

Google

!

A. D.

1796. Chap. 55,

Grand jnry may appoint a

conservator for •a^h barony, ftc.

The thirty fxth Tear of George III.

ment at the next aflizes, the fum fo expended in repririogj any fuch bridge, upon any fuch county at large, and any fir.™ fo expended in repairing fnch road, upon the barony or fcdf-barony, wherein the fame is fituated, or on the county of the city or town, to be paid to the over iter fo appointed by fuch jaftice, upon his or their producing to them fuch aiii-datit as is before mentioned, and fuch warrant, undtT the hand and feal of the faid juftice, as alfo an affidavit fvvom by fuch overfeer, before any two juitiqes of tlie peace for fuch county, or judge of aflize, that he has faithfully and ho-neftly expended the fum fpecificd in faid affidavit, in repairing fuch bridge or road, as the cafe may be ; provided that no juftice of the peace fhall make, or have authority to make, above one fuch order for any bridge or road, between aflizes and aflizes, nor for any road in any barony in which he Las not a freehold of the clear yearly value of one hundred pounds; and alfo that no mpney fhall be paid by any treafurer to any overfeer appointed by any juftice of the peace in manner aforefaid, iinlefs it (hall lirft appear to the grand jury and judge of afiize, by the affidavit of fuch juftice, that he viewed fuch bridge or road before he gave any ordeia for repairing the fame, and that the repair thereof feemed to him neceflary to be made, that he viewed the fame fince it was repaired, and that the wqrk feemed to him to have been well executed, and the whole of the money to have been honeftly expended, and that he has an eftate of freehold in* the county, if the order was for abridge, or in the barony, if the order was for a road, of the clear yearly vaiue of one hundred pounds, and that he made only one fuch order fince the laft aflizes,

LXXVI, And for the better prefervafion of the puhlick roads from encroachments and ntiifances, and for the more effe&ual and regular execution of the law, be it further ena&ed. That it fhall be lawful for aiiy grand jury as afore-faid, at any aflizes, to appoint for each barony or halfbarony, county of a city or town, either the high-coallable, or any other perfon to be a confcrrator of the roads, and all publick works thereon under this acl; and to prefent to be raifed thereon, fuch fum as tjiey fhall think pioper, not exceeding twenty-five pounds at each affixes, to be paid to the high conftable or fuch perfon, for ljis trouble in executing the faid office, provided that if fuch high conftable be appointed by virtue of an a& pafied in the twenty-feventh year of his prefent Maiefty’s reign, entitled. An a& for the better execution of the laiVy and prefervatiot\ of the peace within counties at large, the fum fo to be prefented for him, fhall not exceed ten pounds at each aflizes; pibvided alfo. That any fum fo prefented, ftiall not be paid to any fuch perfon, jun^il he (hall

Digitized by

' The thtriyfxth Tear of George III.	45	J

have laid upon path before the grand jury, (if required) in A. D. a book to be kept by him for that purpofe, a full and exa& 1796. Recount of his proceedings in the execution of his office, Qhap. 55, fluting when and how often he infpe&cd each road within his dillrifl, what uuifances, encroachments, or breaches of this p£l he obferved, what remedies he took to remove or punifh for the fame, what magifltiates he applied to, what warrant* lie received, and yvhat fines he levied, and whether any and	v

y/hat encroachments or nujfances, or whether any and what ditches, yyalls, or houfes, have been made or built, or pits dug within the time of his appointment, or 'fince the lad affixes, on any road, or nearer to the centre or Tides thereof than this acF permits, whether they continue fo, and in general a true and perfe£\ date of the roads and bridges, and all other works and matters thereqp erefted or repaired by preferment.

. LXXVII. And be it further ena&edj That it (hall be Confervator* lawful for the grand jury to examine every fucji conservator ^all have aU upon oath, touching any matter refpe&ing the execution of Powrr* of °*cr* jiis office, or the date of the roads within his di(tri&, and CM* every fuch ponleryator (hall have all the power givei> by law to any overfeer, and (hall be deemed the oyerfecr of all pub-lick roads within his ditirid, if there (hall be no other over-feer at the tjme; and the feveral fub-gonllables arc hereby-required to aid and affilt him in the execution of his duty when required, and he is. to report to the grand jury, any Jiegle6l of fuch affiitance in any lub-canilable.

LXXVIIL. And whereas it would greatly affid grand juf From id June,.

pes in the county of Tyrone, iq the dupatch of their bufir	ptrlon*

nefs at affixes, if all affidavits to account for pubUck money acc^nunK m .	,	f	*	.	m	•	.	v	co. I yruiie,

were given in at the lecretat y’g office, at an caily period of J0j,rc their

\he affizes ; be it enaded. That from and after the lird day aflivl«vii*\vitfi

of June, one thoufand (even hundred and ninety-fix, all per- fee. of grand -

ions accounting for publick money at the affixes o'f Yaid^ jul7*

county of Tyrone, (h.ill at the affixes at which they propofo

\o account, lodge their accounting affidavits with the fecre?

{ary of the grand jury, on the day on which filch grand

iury (hall b<? fworn, between the hdu«*s.of nine in the morn*.

lng and eight at night; and that no. accounts ffiail be taken

into con fide ration, or paffid at any affixes held i.i faid county,

^>y the grand Jury, which (hall not be lodged qp aforofaid ;

and the faid fecretary ffiail endorfe on every account, the

name of the barony or half-barony it belongs to, and in the

like manner thofe of t.fie county at large, letting forth the

Dame of the overfeer accounting for the fame, and the amount

thereof, and alfo the number oil the back of each account,

which is prefixed to the quere on which faid account is fotiudf

together with the initial letters of the laid fccretary’s

chrillia*.

Digitized by LjOOQle

jol. at each afiizcs may be ^rcicnted, &c-

PrefcntmrnU play be made for foads as herein,

the word “ Narrow” to be inserted m aifida-

W:

juries may. cont&it for repair of roads for i years, as r herein.

The thirty-Jtxth Tear of George III.

chriftian and fimame ; and previous to the fccret3ry,s giri in faid accounts and fchedules to the grand jury, he fh; fwcar, in open court, that each account, marked with his initials, and clafled in fuch fchedules, were received by him at the time directed as aforefaidj and at no later period.

LXXIX. And be it further enafted, That the grand jury of faid county of Tyrone, be empowered to prefentat each aflizes, a fum not exceeding ten pounds, to be paid to the perfon by them appointed to vifit and regulate his Maje£ ty's gaol.in the town of Dungannon, in faid county.

LXXX' And whereas there are trafts of land in feveraj counties of this kingdom, through which a road of thirty-two feet in width cannot be made without much difficulty, and a great and unneceflary expence ; be it therefore crafted, That tire grand juries of fuch counties may prefent fuch road, or lo many perches of fuch road, in fuch particular places, to be made or repaired, of fuch width as they fhall think proper, not lefs than fixteen feet in the clear; provided that ih the before mentioned affidarit for grounding any prefentment for making any fuch new road, or repairing any fuch old road, the word Narrow, (hall be in-ferted before the word Road, and that the width to which fuch road is to be made or repaired, and the number of feet in width which are to be made or repaired with gravel or fmall ftones, fhall'be fet forth in fuch affidavit, and the following wo rds be added thereto, “ and that faid perches ar$ in a part of the barony where ^ from theirJit nation, and the nature of the ground, the making a wider road would be attended with a great and unneceffary expenceand that in the before mentioned affidavits iur accounting for any fuch road, the word Narrow, fhall be inferted before the word Road: an<J -provided alfo, That no prefentment be granted for making any.ditch or fence nearer to the centre of any part of fuch narrow road than fixteen feet, except where a wall is made, to fupport the fide of the road, on account of its declivity, pr to proteft p^iffengers from a precipice.

LXXXI. And whereas it will tend to leffen the expence pf keeping publick roads in repair, if the grand jury fhall be empowered to contract with proper perfons for keeping the fame in repair; be it therefore further enafted. That it fhall be lawful for £he grand juries of the feveral counties m this kingdom, at each aflizes, to enter into contract or agreement with any perfon or perfons for keeping any part or proportion of the publick roads within their refpeftive counties, that have been heretofore made or reparrea by prefentment, or fhall hereafter be made or repaired by prefentment. in fufficient order and repair, for any fpace of time not ex-, ^ceding ftven years 5 which contract or agreement fhall bfe

Digitized by v^.ooQie

The thirtyfxth Tear of Geargt III.	v	457

figned by the parties with whom the grand juries of laid . A. D. counties (hall make the fame, and (hall be delivered over to 1796. the clerk of the crown, to be by him kept with the records Chap 55. of the faid counties ; and that the grand juries of the faid - counties, fhall have full power and authority to prefent any fum of money, to be levied and railed ofF the reipeCtive baronies or half-baronies in faid counties, and counties of cities or towns, to be paid to the perfbn or perfons with whom they (hall make fuch contract or agreement, provided the fame (hall not exceed the fum of fix-pence by the year, for each perch fo to be kept in repair.

LXXXII. And be it further ena&ed, That no fuch con* tra& (hall be entered into with any perfon, unlefe an affida- Affidavit tor vit, fworn by two credible perfons, who can read and write, before a jufticc of the peace for the county, that they have viewed and meafured faid road, and that to the bejl of their be* lief and judgment, fuch proportion of the road cannot be kept fo fufficient order and repair for a fmaller fum than by the year, for each perclu

LXXXIII. And be it further enafted, That no part of Contractor to the money fo prefented (hall be paid by the tteafurer of the fwcar following county, unlefs an affidavit made by the contractor, before affidavit, &c. a juftice of the peace for fuch county, in form following,

(hall be allowed by the court.

%

County ofl I	one	of	the	contradors	for	keep-	_. .

‘ 3 tnS in repair	perches	of	the	road	^	71

leading from	to	between

and	in	the	barony	or	half	barony	of

in this county, do fwcar> that the feud	perches,

and every part thereof have been kept in good and fufficient rr-pair and condition Jince the commencement of my contract 9 and* that the faid	perches,	and every part thereof

are now in good and fufficicnt repair and condition, and of tbt width by law required.

LXXXIV. Provided always, That in cafe of the ficknefs In cafe of lick* or abfence of the contractor, it (hall be lawful for the trea- nefs of contraA-furer to pay the fum prefented for fuch contract, if it (hall or* treafttrcr appear by affidavit, fworn before a juftice of the peace of the county, by two credible perfons, who can read and write, inhabitants of' the barony, half-barony, county of a city or town, in which the road contracted for lies, that they have viewed faid road, and every part thereof is at the time in good and fufficient order and repair, and of the width by law required, and if fuch affidavit (hall be allowed by the court.

kXJEXVV

V

Digitized by

Google

A>I).

1796. ^Qhap. 55. ^

Contrafikors to have powers of overlecrs.

Sams prefent-ed, Sec. (hall be levied as herein.

Not to prevent g. juries from repairing turnpike roads.

Not to alter •or (table a A 31 O.3. c. 16.

Forfeitures to

be levied by dif* til ls and fale,

as herein.

Ferfons fued ■say plead general iiluc, Sec,

The thirtyffstth Tear of George II I.

LXXXV. And be it further enaded, That the contrado* or contradors, for keeping any part of any publick road in repair, fhall have all the powers given by law to any overfeef or conferva tor of the roads, and (hall be deemed the overfeer of all parts of the road for which he has, or (hall contract, during the continuance of fuch contiad.

LXXXVI. And be it further enaded, That all prefent-rpents made, or money to be levied, accounted for, or paid, in confequence of the ads hereby repealed, fhall be levied, accounted for, and paid in manner prefciibed thereby, or by this ad, fubjed to the rules, regulations and provifious there? in, or herein contained,

LXXXVII. And be it further enaded, That nothing in this ad contained fhall extend, or be conllrued to extend, to take away from any grand jury, the power or the obligation of repairing any turnpike road within their counties, but that “fcyery fuch turnpike-road may be repaired, or widened, oc foot-paths made thereto, in like manner, and under the like regulations as if this ad had not been made.

LXXXVIil. And be it further enaded, That nothing in this ad contained, fhall extend to alter or repeal any the provifiuns in an ad pafTed in this kingdom, in the thirty-fecund year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, entitled, An aft for regulating the office of conjlable, and for better enforce ing the procefs of the criminal law in certain,, farts of this king* domr but the lame, and every part thereof, (hall continue, and be i\\ full force, as if this ad had not been made

LXXXIX. And be it further enaded. That all fines and fqrfeitures inflided by virtue of this ad, if not immediately paid, fhall be levied by dillrefs and fale of the offenders goods, by warrant under the hand and fcal of a jmJiice of the peace, together with all expences attending the levying the fame ; and all fuch fines, unlefs otherwife fpecially di-reded by this ad, fhall, when levied and paid, be given one-half to the informer, and the other half to the poor of the parifh, wherein the offence fhall have been committed, apd that in cafe any fine be not immediately paid upon con-vidion, it fhall be lawful for the jutlice of the peace, before whom fuch convidion fhall have been made, to commit the offender to gaol, there to remain without bail oi main-prize, for any time no^ exceeding two months, or until the fine be paid.

XC. And be it further enaded* That if any perfon fhaU be fur.d, molelled, or troubled, tor putting in execution any of the powers contained in this ad, or for doing auy ad, matter or thing, purfuant thereto, fuch perfon fhall and may plead the general iffue, and give the fptfeial matter in •v^deacci and may avow the taking any diftrets on the a&ing

Digitized by LjOOQle

The thirty-Jixtb Tear of George III.

treefurer’s and juftice’s warrant, merely, without going into other title or authority, and if the plaintiff or plaintiff* fhall be non-fuited, and judgment given againft him, her, or them, upon demurrer, or otherwife, or a verdi& pafs for the defendant or defendants, or a difmifs upon a civil bill, fuch defendant fhall have his, her, or their treble cods, to be recovered by fuch method and manner as where by law colls are given to defendants; and that the folemn affirmation or declaration of a quaker, fhall be adjudged and taken to be of the fame force and effect, to all intents and pur-pofes, in any cafe, where by this a& an oath is required to be taken, as if fuch quaker had taken an oath in the form prescribed, or in the ufual form.

XCI. And be it further ena&ed, That if any perfon fhall wilfully fwear falfe, in any 09th or affirmation, made or taken fwearor affirm by authority, or under any of the provifions of this a£t,	deemed

every fuch perfon being thereof convi&ed, fhall be adjudged 8uilty °* «ony. guilty of wilful and corrupt penury, and incur the pains and penalties ena&cd againft the lame,

XC1I. And be it further ena&ed. That every juflice of juftkesem* the peace, within his jurifdi6tion, is hereby authorized to powered, a* adminifter the feveral oaths herein directed to be taken, herein, or which may be uepeflary for putting this act into execution.

XCIII. And be it further enacted. That in cafe any ?fn. en perfon or perfons fhall refift, or make forcible oppofition to rafting perfon* any perfon or perfons employed in the execution oft this act, employed under cn: lhali affaqlt any collector, overfeer, contractor, conferva- this tor, or peace-officer, in the execution of this or any other	r

act, for the making or repairing of high-roads, or (hall make or attempt to make any refeue of goods dift-ained or feized by virtue of this or any other fuch act, or if any couftable or fub-conftabie fhall refufe or neglept to execute any warrant granted by any juftice or juftices, purfuant to the power given by this act, every fuch perfon offending therein, and being convicted thereof beforp any juftice of the peace, by his or her o\yn confeflion, or by the oath of pne credible wit-nefs, fhall for every fuch offence forfeit any fum not exceeding ten pounds, uor l^fs than forty fhillings, at the diferetion of fuch jidtice \ ipid in cafe the fame fhal* not be immediately paid, 4uch juftice is hereby empowered and required to com-mit fuch offender to the common gaol or houfe of correction, there to remain for any time not exceeding three months, or until the laid forfeiture (hail be paid.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That when any diftref* Diftrefles not fhall be made, for any fum or fums of money to be levied by deemed unlaw-virtue of this a&, the diftrefs itfelf fhall not be deemed un-	^

lawful, nor the party or p»tie» making the fame be deemed orni* €#

a trtf-

Perfontwh#

Digitized by

#. jury cefe ftall be paid at betoin* •

$1. penalty for taking a fee, &c« as herein.

%J. jury of Rofcommon may prefent the market to be removed, as herd*.

The tbirty-fixtb Tear of George III.

a trefpaffer or trefpaffers on account of any default or want •f form in any proceedings relating thereto ; nor /hall the party or parties diftrained, be deemed a trefpafler or tref-patters, ab mitto* on account of any irregularity which ihall be afterwards done by the party or parties dtftraincd; but the perfon or perfons aggrieved by inch irregularity, may recover full fatisfa&ion for the fpecial damage, in an a&ion on the cafe.

XCV. And whereas doubts may arife, whether the grand jury ccfs impofed previous to the expiration • of any leafe, but not levied until after the expiration of fuch leafe, is to be paid by* the tenant whofc leafe is expired, or to remain m charge on the lands, and to be paid by the aftual occupier thereof, at the time of the feme being levied ; he it further enacted. That every grand jury cefs ihall be paid by the perfon or perfons occupying the land at the time fuch cefs is levied thereout, although fuch perfon or perfons did not occupy the feme at the time fuch cefs was impofed.

XCVL And he it further ena&ed. That if anyjufticeof the peace, or any other perfon, (hall demand or take any film of money, or any reward for fwearing any affidavit to be made by virtue of this ,o£ any other adf, for amending the publick roads, every fuch juflicc of the peace, or other per-lon fo offending, fhall forfeit for every fuch offence the fum of live pounds to the profecutor or informer, to be recovered by any perfon who fhall fue for the fame by civil bill, provided always, that nothing hereby contained, fhall extend to the county, or the county of the city of Dublin.

XCVII. Whereas the court-^oufe at Rofcommon re^ quires further room for the convenience of bufinefe, and it may be expedient to procure for that purpofe the ground where the prefent market is held, underneath the

Cl jury room; be it ena&ed, That it fhall and may be I for the grand jury at any aflizes held at Rofcommon, to prefent the feid market to.be removed from thence i and alfo to prefent fuch fum 'or Turns of money to be raifed off the county at large, as may be neceffary to build a fit and coromodioup market-houfe in lieu thereof, on fome convenient fituation, not exceeding in the whole the fum of five hundred pounds ; and fo foon as the feme fhall be built, to prefent fuch. further- fum or fums, to be raifed in like manner, as may be neceffary to make alterations in the faid market-houfe, fo as to enlarge thereby the accommodations for the bu$nefs of the court and the grand juries.

CHAP*

Digitized by L^ooQle

The thirtyfixth Tear of George III. CHAP. LVI.

An AH for flabtifhing an eafy and expeditious Method for the Payment in this Kingdom, of Half-pay, to certain Naval Officers, and of Penfions to the Widows cf fuch Officers, and Bounties to the Relations of Naval Officers, Seamen, and Marines, Jlain in Fight with the Enemy; arid to enable Petty Officers in the Navy, Boat/wains, Gunners, Carpenters, and Seamen, Landmen, Non-commiffioned Officers of Marines, and Marines ferving in his Majejly’s Navy, to allot Part of their Wages or Pay, for the Maintenance of their Wives and Families, refident in this Kingdom.

WHEREAS by an ad of parliament made in Great-Britain, in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his Majefty, George the third, entitled? An aH for ejlabtifhing a more eafy and expeditious method for the punQual and frequent payment of the wages and pay cf certain officers belonging to his Majefty's navy, provifion was made, by which commiffioned or warrant naval officers, entitled to half-pay, and widow# of commiffioned or warrant officers of the navy, or other perfons entitled to receive any penfion on the ordinary efti-mate of the navy, and widows, parents, or children of naval officers, Teamen, or marines, flain in fight with the enemy, and entitled to his Majefty’s moft gracious bounty, payable • by the treafurcr of the navy, were enabled to receive fuch balf-pay, penfion, or bounty in this kingdom ; and whereas by two other ads of Parliament - made m Great Britain in the thirty-fifth year of his faid Majefty, the one entitled. An aH to enable petty officers in the navy, and feamen, non-com-miffioned officers of marines, and marines ferving in his Majejly’c navy, to allot part of ihfir pay for the maintenance of their wives and famities, and the other entitled. An aH to enable hoatfwains, gunners, and carpenters, ferving in his Majfly’s navy, to allot part of their wages or pay for the maintenance of their wives and families, provifions were made, by which petty officers in the navy, boatfwains, gunners, carpenters, feamen, and landmen, non-commiffioned officers of marines, and marines, ferving in his Majefty’s navy, were enabled to allot part of their wages or pay, for the maintenance of their wives and families, to be paid in this kingdom; and carrying into execution in this kingdom for the purposes of the laid ads, will tend to the encouragement of nich officer# and others ferving in his Majefty’s navy; wherefore be it ^uded by the King’# moft excellent Majefty, by and with

the

A. D.

Recital Eng. A£t, 35 G.$.

T7j€ thirtyfixth. Year of George Itl.

the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prcfentparliament aflcmbltd, and by the authority of the larrte, That when and fo often as two remittance certificates, addrefled to the commiflioners of the revenue in Ireland, which (hall be duplicates of each other, mittance certifi- an(j joined together with oblique lines, flouri flies or devices, cates are made	an(j numbered, dated and figned by a commiflioncr of his

herein.^	Majefty’s navy, -and attefled by the perfon to be appointed

by the treafurer of the navy for tliat purpofe, in favour of any commiffioned or warrant naval officer, entitled to naval half-pay, widow of any commiffioned or warrant officer of the navy or other perfon entitled to receive any peofion on the ordinary efUmate of the navy, or of any widow, parent or child of any naval officer, feaman, or marine, (lain in fight with the enemy, and who (hall be entitled to his Majefty’s moft gracious bounty, payable by the treafurer of the navy, and who (hall defire to receive a certificate to entitle him, her, or them, to receive the half-pay, penfion, or bounty, iefpe6tively due to him, her, or them, to be paid by any colle&or of the revenue in this kingdom, whom he, fhe, or they (hall fpecify, fuch certificate, fpccifying and describing the name and place of abode of fuch commiffioned naval officer, widow, or other perfon or perfons, as the cafe may be, who fhall be entitled to receive payment of the fum fpc-cified by the commiflioners of the navy, in fuch certificate, to be due trf them refpe&ively ; fuch remittance-certificates being written or printed, and being of the tenor or form following, or to the like eflV6f :

A- D.

1796. Chap. 56.

Wh*n a rc-

Frtrmof < Silicate.

Thefe are to certify* that TT. U.

penfion.

No*	day	of

)a lieutenant of his Maj fly's navy, on half pay, widow of a lieutenant in his Mcjcjly't navy, or,-as the cafe may be, is entitled to the fum of

fierhng, being on account of the (half-pays bounty,) due to the faid T. U. on the	day

of	lafi, who has defired that the fame may be paid

by the collector of	at	if	the	fame

fhall not be demanded within nine calendar months from the date hereof, this certificate to he returned to the commiffioners of the *t*vy, at their office in London.

jittejlcd, V. IV. commiffioners of the navy,

S. T. treafurers clerk.

To the commiffioners of the revenue in Ireland.

By virtue of the a& thirty fifth George the third.

N. B. The forging of this remittance certificate, or procuring *ny other perfon to forge the fame, in order to receive any part the monies to be made payable by any means thereof, is made

felony

Digitized by v^.ooQLe

*The thirty fixth Tear 9/ deorge III.	4^3

felony •without benefit of clergy, the ad thirty-fifth George A. D. the third :	I	796

Chap 56.

And fuel) certificate being cut afunder through the oblique lines, flourifhes or devices, ^nd one duplicate tranfmitted to the perfon or perfons nominated, and fpecified therein to be the commifiioned naval officer, widow, or other perfon Or perfons to whom fuch half-pay, penfion or bounty (hall be due, and the other duplicate to the commrffioners of the revenue in this kingdom, then, and fo often, the laid commiffioners of the revenue {hall caufe the certificate fo tranfmitted to them, to be forthwith fent to the colle&or of the diftrid mentioned therein, and if the duplicate of fuch remittance-certificate (hall be produced, by the perfon to whom the fame {hall have been made payable, to fuch collector, within nine calendar months from the date thereof, he (hall carefully examine the fame with the duplicate already tranfmitted to him, as aforefaid, and being fatisfied of the authenticity thereof, and of the identity of the perfon producing the fame to him, he {hall immediately pay the lame to the commiffioned or warrant naval officer, widow, or other perfon or perfons named therein, to whom the money {hall be payable, without fee or reward, or deduction on any pretence whatfoever, taking a receipt for fuch payment, on the back of fuch remittance-certificate; which certificate, and the duplicate thereof, {hall be tranfmit-ted to the commiffioners of the revenue ; but in cafe the duplicate of fuch remittance-certificate, {hall not be fo produced to the collector mentioned therein, and payment thereof demanded within nine calendar months from the date thereof, fuch collector {hall return the duplicate in his hi.mds to the commiffioners of the revenue, who {hall tranfmit the fame to the treafurer of the navy, at the pay-office of the Bavy in London.

II. Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That if any col- jf colledtor^do le&or of the revenue, mentioned in the duplicate of any fuch not pay immedi-remittance-certificate, and to whom the lame {hall be tea- ately, they (hall. dered for payment, {hall not have in his hands public mo- emlorfc date of nies, fuffieient to anfwer the fame, and {hall for that r^afon j*n<Jfr» &c-refufe, or delay the immediate payment thereof, fuch col- crcm* ledlor {hall immediately endorfe on the faid duplicate, the date of its being fo tendered to him, and the caufe of his refufal or delay to pay the fame, and {hall appoint thereon, for the payment of fuch' bill, fome future day, within the fpace of one month at the fartheil, from the date of its having ,been firft tendered to him as aforefaid ; and fuch duplicate, with the endorsement thereon, {hall immediately be delivered back to the pwfon prefenting the fame : and if

upo»



4

The th{rtj-fixth Tear vf George III.

Calledots •ny pay to the orders of perfons entitled, Sec. as herein.

The {mailed Ihi^ion of Turns not withheld. Under any pretence, penalty *#■ to informer.

upon eomplaint made to the commiflioners of the revenue, it (hall appear that fuch collector hath unneceffarily and wilfully refufed or delayed the payment of fuch bill, or diretft-ly, or indire&ly, by hirflfeif, or any perfon under him, received or taken any fee, reward, gratuity, difeount or deduction whatfoever, on account of the payment of the fame, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any three or more of the faid commiflioners to convict and fine the perfon fo offending, under their refpe&ive dire61 ion, in any fum not exceeding fifty pounds, according to the nature and degree of the offence ; and fuch fine (hall be levied and recovered in fuch and the fame manner, to all intents and purpofes, as any convi&ion may be made, and any penalty or fine levied and recovered for any offence againft any law relating fo his Majefty’s revenue, is impofed or laid, and the laid fine, when recovered, (hall be paid to the informer or informers.

III.	And be it ena&ed, That if fuch commiflioned, or warrant naval officer, widow, or other perfon or perfons to whom the remittance-certificate before mentioned is made payable, (hall be prevented and difabled by bodily infirmity, from appearing in perfon, before the (aid colle&or, and fuch bodily infirmity being properly and fatisfa&orily certified by the miniftcr and church-warden, or elder of the parifh, where he, (he, or they refide, or by the phyfician, iurgeon, or apothecary attending him, her, or them, then, and in fuch cafe, the fum contained in the faid certificate fhall be paid to the order in writing of fuch commiffioned or warrant naval officer, widow, or other perfon or perfons, upon producing, or giving up to fuch colledlor fuch certificate of bodily infirmity as afotefaid, together with the du* plicate of the faid bill, and a proper receipt on the back of the fame, figned by the perfon or perfons in wbofe favour the bill (hall have been drawn payable, and witneffed by the perfon vrho (hall receive the money.

IV.	And be it enadted, That all fums of money, to be paid in confequence cHF any orders and certificates herein before mentioned, (hall be fully and completely paid to the perfon in whofe favour they (hall fo refpe&ively be drawn, or made payable, without any dedu&ion or abatement, under any pretence whatfoever, although part thereof may be in fractions of. the fmalleft denomination; and every perfon detaining or withholding any part thereof, under pretence of former privilege or ulage of office, or upon, or under any pretence whatfoever, (hall for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of twenty pounds, to be recovered in the fame way and manner as any penalty or forfeiture in the collection of the duties of cxcife and cuftoms is directed to be le-

Digitized by

Digitized by v^ooQle

Digitized by v^ooQle

The thirtyftxth Tear of George III.

vied and recovered, and fhall be paid to the perfon fuing and profecuting for the fame.

V.	And be it ena&ed, That when and fo often as any regulating officer, employed in railing men for his Majefty's naval fervice, in or on board of any ftiip or veffel of his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefl'ors, make out or c&ufe to be made out three declarations of allotment, and three orders of payment of wages or pay of any petty officer in the navy, boatfwains, gunners, carpenters, feamen and landmen, non-commiffioned officers of marines, and marines, who fhall have freely and voluntarily entered himfelf with any fuch regulating officer or officers, and fhall have declared to fuch officer or officers, his name and place of abode, and that he is married, and fhall have declared the name of his wife, and at what place fhe then refides, and if he has a child, and how many children, diftinguifhing how many of fuch children are boys, or fhall have declared that he has a mother then alive, and her place of refidence, and "that he is willing to allot a part of his wages or pay for the fupport and maintenance of his wrife and child, or children, or of his mother, with declarations and orders being triplicates of each other, and joined together with oblique lines, flourifhes and devices, and being in the following form of words, or in words to the like efled :

When regulating officers get 3 declarations of allotment fcc. made out in the manner herein prtferik* cd.

Vol. X.	G	£	An4

Digitized by

Google

A. t>. *79$.

CXU $<?•

being numbered »nd date’ and blank' filled up apd men*» names figned, dee. Sec. if

The thirtyjtmh Tear of George III*

And being numbered and dated, and the blanks otherwise filled up, and fuch petty officer in the navy, boatfwain, gunner, carpenter, teaman, landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines* and marine, having figned his name, or made his mark at each of the faid triplicates, and the laid regelating officer having attefied fuch declarations and or* deni of payment* by figning his name as witnefs thereto, and bring figned by three commiffioners of the navy, and the date on which they (hall have fo figned the fame fpc-cified, and one of fuch declarations and orders of payment having been tranfinitted to the perfon named in fuch order as the wife or mother of fuch petty officer in the navy, boatfwain, gunner, carpenter, feaman, landman, non-con*-miffioned officer of marines, or marine, and another of fuch declarations and orders to the commiffioners of his Majefty’t revenue, in this kingdom, then and fo often the faid eom-miffioners of the revenue (hall caufe the declaration and order fo transmitted to them, to he forthwith fent to the collector of the difiriCt, in which fuch wife or mother refides, and upon the duplicate of fuch declaration and order of payment being produced and delivered to fuch collector, by the perfon named (herein, as the perfon entitled to receive the money therein mentioned, at the end of twenty-eight days or more from the date of fuch declaration and order, together with fuch certificate as is mentioned therein by the piinifter and church-wardens, elders, or elder, as (he cafe may be, of t)ie parifh where the wife or mother of fuch petty officer of the navy, boatfwain, gunner, carpenter. Teaman, landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine refides, and thereupon fuch collector (hall examine and compare iuch declaration and order fo prefeuted to him, by the wife or mother of fuch petty' officer of the navy, boatfwain, gunner, carpenter, feaman, landman, non-com* miffioned officer of marines, or marine, with the trU plicate of fuch declaration and order traufmitted to him by the commiffioners of his Majefly** revenue; and alia examine fuch certificate, and enquire into the truth of fuch declaration and order, and of fuch certificate, and if it fhall appear to him necefiary, by the oath of the wife or mother producing the fame, which oath he is hereby authorized and empowered to adminifter, and upon being duly fatisfied, of the authenticity of fuch declaration and order, and of fuch certificate, and pf the truth of the &&8 therein fet forth, he (hall immediately pay to the wife or mother of fuch petty officer of the navy, boatfwain, gunner, carpenter, feaman, landman, non-commit* fioned officer of marine^ or marine, without fee or re« ward* and without dcA^ion or abatement, under any

ffttcncc

✓

Digitized by

Google

e*

aP*

i‘ ^1

i3' **

^:5

**

*J

**

**c

pfr*

/*

72# tHrij'Jixth Year of George III. s

pretence whatfoever, the fum allotted to her oof of the wages or pay of her hu/band or fon, taking her receipt for the tome, to which (he (hall fign her name, or make her mark in the prefence of the perfon paying her the money, and which perfon (hall fign his name as witnefs thereto, and (hall alfo mark her receipt and certificate with the fame number as that of her huioand or fan’s declaration and order, and (hall alfo mark on the declaration and order, which (hall be fa produced to him by the wife or mother of fuck petty officer of the navy, boatfwain, gunner, carpenter, teaman, land-man, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, the date of fuch payment", the amount of the fum paid, and the time from whence, and up to what time the tome became due, after which he (hall ddiver to the wife or mother of fuch petty officer of the navy, boatfwain,. gunner, carpenter, feaman, landman, nonrcommiffioned-o^. ficer of marines, or marine, the declaration and order fa. produced by her; and the perfon making fuch payment,

(hall, in like manner, mark upon the triplicate of the de-. daration and order, which (hall have been tranfmitted to him by the commiffioners of the revenue as aforefaid, or otherwife be in bis pofieffion, the date of fuch payment, and the amount of the fum paid, and the time from whence, and up to what time the fame beeame due; and at the end of every four weeks or twenty-eight days thereafter, upon fimilar application made, and upon producing fuch order and certificate, in manner before directed, the fame pay-, ment (hall be made in the fame manner and farm to tho wife or mother of fuch petty-officer of the navy, boatfwain^

funner, carpenter, feaman, landman, non-commiffioned of* cerof marines, or marine as aforefaid, during hex-, life, or fa long as her hufoand or fan (hall live and continue as * petty officer of the; navy, boatfwain,, gunner,., carpenter,

Jieaman, landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine in the fervieg of hi# Majefly, his heirs or fucceflors, except, as herein after excepted, where no demand (hall .be made upon fuch order, within niffe months from the date of making thereof by the commiffioners of the navy, or within, fix months from the date of the laft payment made thereon*.

VI.	Provided, always, and.be it ena&ed. That where the wife or mother of fuch. feaman or landman, (hall attend wife or mother, ip perfon, at the time fuch regulating officer (hall have made out the faid three declarations of allotment, and orders of payment, and where ftich regulating officer (hall have cut off one of the faid triplicates of the faid declarations and orders, through .the faid oblique lines, flourifhea and device, and delivered the fame to the wife or mother of fuch feamap or landman, fa , attending, then and in fuck cafe,

G g a	the

Provifion for.

Digitized by L^ooQle

The thirty-/.xth Tear of George III.

tke colicAor, to whom the order of, payment (hall be ad-drefled, (hall pay the monies therein dire&ed to be paid, although the triplicate of the declaration of allotment and order of payment, produced to him by the w*‘fe or mother of fuch Teaman or lasdman, (hall not have been figned by the commillioners of the navy, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

VII.	And be it enabled, That when the wife of any petty officer of the navy, boatfwain, gunner, clrpenter. Teaman, landman, non-cominiifioued officer of marines or churchwardens	in	the krvice of his Majdty, his heirs and fuc-

tq certify, See. ceflbrs, who may have allotted part of his wages for the maintenance of his faid wife and children, (hall happen to die, and fuch petty officer of the navy, boatfwain, gunner, carpenter, Teaman, landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, (hall have a child or children under the age of fourteen years, it (hall and may be lawful for the minifter and church-wardens or church-warden, elders or elder, a? the cafe may be, of the parifh where fuch wife fo dying did refide at the time of her death, to certify to the commillioners of the navy, at their board in London, the death of fuch wife, and the day thereof, and that the hufband of fuch wife has a child, or how many children then alive, under the age of fourteen years, and the age of fuch child, or the refpedive ages of each of fuch children, as nearly as they can, and ihall diftinguifh how many of fuch children are boys; and fuch minilter and churchwardens, or fclders, (hall alfo certify their intention of appointing a proper perfon, refident within the faid pari(h, to receive that part of the father’s wages, or pay for his fer-vices in the navy, which had been allotted by him for the maintenance of his child or children, in the event of the death of his wife $ and along with fuch certificate, the fni-tiifter and church-wardens, or elders, (hall alfo tranfmit t<^ the commillioners of the navy iri London, the triplicate oF fuch declaration and order before mentioned, made by the hufband of fuch wTfe, who (hall have fo died as aforefaid, and which was in her pofleffion at the time of her death ; and if the commiffioners of the navy (half thereupon make out, or caufe to be made out, three certificates and orders, which (hall be triplicates of each other, and joined together with oblique lines, flourifhes or devices, in the following form, oi in words to the like effect;

■When the wife of a fea-

An4



Digitized by v^ooQle

' Digitized by L^ooQle

Digitized by v^-ooQle

The thirty-Jtxth Tear of George III.

And ftmll fend or caufe the fame to be fent to the minifter, or to the church-wardens or church-warden, elders or elder of the parifh where 'the wife of fuch petty-officer, boatfwain, gunner, carpenter, feaman, or landman, non-com-mifiioned-officer of marines or marine fo died, as aforefaid, fuch minifter, church-wardens or church-warden, elders, or cider, fhall caufc the blanks thereof to be filled up; and the minifter along with the church-wardens or church-warden, . elders or elder of the faid parifh, fhail fign the fame, and having procured two of the juftices of the peace of the county wherein fuch parifh lies, to attefl the fame, the faid minifter or church-warden8 or church-warden, or elder* or elder, fhail forthwith return the fai i three triplicates to the commiffioners of the navy in London ; and if the faid commiffioners, or any three or more of them, fhail date and fign their allowance thereof, and fhail addrefs each tif the triplicates to the fame colle&or, to whom the origi-	%

nal order granted by the aforefaid petty officer of the navy, boatfwain, gunner, carpenter, feaman, or landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or r*ari»e, whofe wife may have fo died as aforefaid, was addrefied for payment, and fhail caufe them to be cut afundcr, indentwife, through the faid oblique lines, flourifhe9, or devices, and caufe one of them to be tranfmitted to the perfon who fhail be named and appointed by the.faid minifter and church-wardens or elders, and approved of by the juftices in the aforefaid certificate and atteftation, to receive the allotment of wages or pay therein mentioned, and fhail therewith alfo tranfmit to him the original declaration arid order granted by fuch petty officer in the navy, boatfwain, gunner, carpenter, feaman, or landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine* whofe wife may have fo died as aforefaid, which original declaration and order was in her pofTeflion at the time of or previous to her death, and which had been fent to the commiffioners of the navy, by the minifter or church-wardens or church-warden, dder9 or elder, along with their certificate of the death of fuch wife,, as before mentioned, and another of the aforefaid triplicates to the commiffioners of his Majefty’s revenue, the faid commiffioners (hall forthwith tranfmit the fame to the colle&or appointed to pay the fame.

VIII.	And be it ena&ed, That at the end, or expire-	*	***

tion of twenty-eight days, of more, from the date of the ^ent of a wife laft payment made to the wife of fuch petty officer, boat- who h.is died, fwain, gunner, carpenter, feaman or landman, non com- the peri'on ap-niiffioned officer of marines, or marine, who may have fo died, as aforefaid, or from or after the date of the original	tQ	a$

declaration and order granted by her huiband, in cale fhe herein,

(hall have received no payment thereon, the perfon named

a

\

Digitized by v^ooQie

47°	72*	tUfty^Uib	Tear	of Georgf IIL

A* D.	tod ippointtd in Inch certificate, atteftatfof and allowance,

1796.	at aforelkid, for receiving the allotment of fuch wages, for

Chap. 56. the maintenance and fupport of the child or children of fuch V	petty officer, boatfwain, gunner, carpenter, feaman or

landman, non-commiflioned officer of marines, or marine, may apply to the colledor, to whom the fame may be r* (pc&ively addreffed, for payment of what may be due thereon, and (hall then produce the original declaration and order of fuch petty officer, boatfwain, gunner, carpenter, feaman or landman, non-commiflioned officer of. marines, or marine, in favour of his wife, the certificate of the miniftcr and church-wardens or church-warden, or elders or elder of his appointment, the atteftation thereof, by two juft ices of the peace, and allowance thereof, by any three commiffioa-ers of the navy, as is before mentioned, and (hall alio produce and deliver to fuch collector a certificate from the mU nifter and church-wardens, or church-warden, elders or el* ier, fpecifyiog, that there is a child, or number of children, under the age of fourteen years, of fuch petty officer, boat* fwain, gunner, carpenter, feaman, or landman, non-com* miflioned officer of marines, or marine, whofe wife may have died as aforefaid, then Using in their pari(h, and dif-tinguflhing if fuch child, or how many of fuch children are boys, and the age of fuch child, or the refpe&ive ages of fuch children, as nearly as they can; and fuch coueelor (hall examine the faid fevcral papers fo produced to him, with the triplicates thereof, which (hall have been tranf-mitted to him by the commiflioners of the revenue, as aforefaid, and (hall enquire into* the truth thereof, and of fuch certificates fo prefented to him, and if it (hall appear to him neceflary, by the oath of the party producing the fame, (which oath he is hereby authorised and empowered to ad-minifter) and being duly fatisfied of the authenticity thereof, and of the truth of the fads therein fet forth, he (hall immediately pay to the perfon fo appointed, in manner and * form before dire&ed to receive fuch allotment of wages or pay, the fum due thereon, without fee or reward, and without dedu&ion or abatement, under the pretence of any cxpence having been incurred, or on any pretence whatever,

4	fo as the fame (hall not be for a lefs or (horter period than

twenty-eight days, except as herein after is mentioned; and (hall take the receipt of fuch perfon for the fame, who (hall fign the faid receipt in the prefence of the perfon pay-’ ing the money; and the (aid perfon fo paying the money, (hall (ign his name as witnefs to the faid receipt, and (hall alfo mark the faid receipt, with the fame number as that of the original declaration and order of payment, and certificate of appointment; and (hall alfo mark upon the original de-

daratioi

Digitized by v^ooQle

The thirtyJiath Tear if George III.	471

ekration and order of payment, and upon the certificate of A. D. appointment, which (hall be fo produced, by the perfon 1796' therein appointed to receive the fame, and to whom the mo- Chap. 56. fiey is to be paid, and alfo upon the original declaration and	J]

order of payment, and upon the certificate of appointment in his hands, and which (hall have been tranfmitted to him by the commiffioners of the revenue, as aforefaid, or other* wife be in his pofieffion, the date of fuch payment, the amount of the fum paid, and the time from whence, and up to what time the fame fo became due; and at the end of every twenty-eight days thereafter, upon fimilar application made, and Upon producing fuch original declaration and Order of payment, granted by fuch petty officer, boatfwain, gunner, carpenter, feaman or landman, non-ccmor.fffioned officer of marines or marine, and fuch certificate of appointment, attefled and allowed as aforefaid, and upon delivery of fuch certificate refpe&ing the exigence and age of fuch children as aforefaid, by th^minifler, church-wardens or elders of the parifh, where fuch children (hall refide, with a receipt for the money, in manner as before dire&ed, the fame payment (hall be made to the perfon fo appointed to receive fuch part of the wages allotted by every fuch petty officer, boatfwain, gunner, carpenter, feaman, or landman, pon-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, for the maintenance and fupport of his children, upon the death of his wife as aforefaid; and that for fo long, and while all or any one of his faid children fhall remain under .the age of fourteen years, or fo long as their father fhall live, or con* tinue as a petty officer, boatfwain, gunner, carpenter, fea* man, or landman, non-commiffioned office* of marines, or marine, except as herein after excepted, where no demand fhall be made for payment, within nine months from the date of the commiffioners of the navy, allowing of fuch certificate of appointment, or within fix months from the date of the laft payment made thereon.

IX.	And be it ena&ed, That if any fe&fnan, landmarf, Wtiettfc or marine, who may have allotted a part of his wages or pay, is promoted, for the fupport and maintenance of his wife and child, or 3 deelara-children, or mother, (hall at any future period be promot* ed in the fervice, videlicet) if a landman or ordinary feat executed and man fhall be promoted to be an able feaman, or if an able tranfmitted, as feaman be promoted to be a petty officer, of If any petty before,-the wife, officer fhall be promoted from an inferior to a fupenot rank	In

in the lift of petty officers, or if any marine fhall be pro* proportion. Its. moted to be a non-commiffioned officer, or receive any other fimilar promotion, aftd by which the wages or pay of fuch perfon (hall be encreafed, and three declarations and order! of payment, according to the fonhs before mentioned, to his wife and child, ft children, or mother, of that part of

hia

Digitized by

Google

The thirty fixth Year of George III.

Lis wages or pay allotted to him, according to his thep fitu-atiori, executed, witnefled, and tranfmitted in the fame manner as before, is mentioned, the commiflioners of the revenue, and colle&or to whom the fame fhall be dire&ed, fhall refpe&ively. proceed in the fame manner as herein before is mentioned; and the wife or mother, or perfon appointed as aforefaid, to receive for the ufe of the child or children, fhall at the time of receiving the firft payment under the authority of fuch new order of payment, receive alfo the difference between the fum contained in the firft order, and that contained in the fecond or new order for payment, from the day of the date of fuch new order up to the time of her or his receiving under fuch new order, m cafe any intermediate payment fhall have been made on the firft order, after the date of the fecond, but before the prefenting fuch fecond order for payment, and he or fhe fo receiving the money as aforefaid, (hall deliver up,to the'perfon making fuch payment, the triplicate of the former declaration or order for payment that was in her or his pofTeffion, which fliall forthwith, by fuch perfon fo paying the money, be tranfmitted to the commiflioners of the revenue, who fhall tranfmit the fame to the commiflioners of the navy, together with the triplicate of fuch firft declaration or order of payment that was in the pofleflion of fuch perfon him-felf; and in all other matters and things relative to fuch new declaration and order of payment, made by perfonsfo promoted as aforefaid, the fame rules, orders, and regulation! fhall be obferved, as by this a& are dire&ed and preferib-cd, w'ith refpeft to payments to be made under the. firft declaration and order of payment, that may have been granted and executed by any feaman, landman, petty-office r, or marine, before he received Tuck promotion as ' aforefaid.

Payments X. And be it enafled, That al! payments made to the fhall be for 28 wife or mother of any petty officer, boatfwain, gunner, days, except in carpenter, feaman, or landman, non-commiffioned officer of cafts o death, marines, or marine, under the authority of fuch order, granted by him in manner aforefaid, or to the perfon that may be appointed to receive the fame, in manner and forim before mentioned, in the event of the death of fuch wife, fhall be by even monthly payments of twenty-eight days, and not for any part of a month, except in the cafe of the death of fuch petty-officer, 1>oatfwain, gunner, carpenter, feaman, or landman, non-commiflioned officer of marines, or marine, in the feivice of his Majelty, hi* heirs and fuc* ceflors, or in cafe of fuch petty officer, boatfwain, gunner, * carpenter, feaman, or landman, non-commiflioned officer of marines, or marine, being rcgylaily difcharged, or quitting

Digitized by

'	The thirtyfixth Tear of George III.

*r abfentinghimfelf from his Majefty's fervice, in which events, the wife, or in cafe of her death, the perfon that may be appointed to receive the fame, in manner before mentioned, or the mother, as the cafe may be, fhail be entitled to, and receive the fum allotted to fuch wife, or children, or mother, up and home to the day of the death or dilcharge of fuch petty officer, boatfwain, gunner, carpenter, feaman, or landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines or marine, or his quitting or abfenting himfelf from his Majefty’s fervice.

XI.	And be it ena&ed. That the wife or mother of every fuch petty officer, boatfwain, gunner, carpenter, feaman, or landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, or the perfon that may be appointed, in manner aforefaid, to receive fuch allotment of wages, or pay, in the event of the death of the wife, fhail appear in perfon before the collector, to receive that part of the wages or pay which (hall be allotted by fuch petty officer, boatfwain, gunner, carpenter, feaman, or landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, for the maintenance and fupport of hi» wife and children, or mother, unlefs the faid wife or mother, or perfon fo appointed, in the event of the death of the wife, (hall be prevented, and difabled from fo appearing by bodily infirmity, and fuch difability being certified by the minifter and church-wardens, or church-warden, elders or elder of the parifh where he or fhe refides, or by the phyfician, furgeon or apothecary, attending her or him, then and in that cafe, the money fo allotted to fuch wife or mother, or perfon fo appointed as afortfa’d, in the event of the death of the wife, (hall be paid to her or his order in writing, upon producing the original order for payment, by fuch petty officer, boatfwain, gunner, carpenter, feaman, or landman, non-commiffioned officer of marine^, or marine, together with the other proper receipt and certificate as aforefaid.

XII.	And be it further eria&ed, That if no demand of payment upon or by virtue of fueh an original order of payment, or order of appointment as aforefaid, (hall be made upon the colle&or, to whom the fame fhail be dire&ed, for the fpace of nine calendar months from and after the date, when the fame fhail refpe&ively be figned by the commif-fioners of the navy, or any three of them, then the faid order for payment, and appointment as aforefaid, in the event of the death of the wife, fhail become void, and of no effect ; and no payment whatever fhail be made thereon, or ia virtue thereof, or in virtue of both or either of bem.

XIII.	And

471

A. D. 1796. Chap. 56.

Perfpns who

are entitled to receive money, as herein.

Orders for payment fhail fee void, if not demanded within 9 months.

Digitized by Google

474	Vlf	tTtmr George lit

A. D.

1796. Chap. 56.

"When collectors hare not money, they ihaJi give a note of payment within 14 days.

Collectors to fend duplicates, with receipts en-dorfed, to com of rev. dec. dec.

Com of nv. to fend an account each year -of the money fo paid, to a perfon aethorized to receive it from the treafurcr of the navy, dec. as her cm.

XI It* And be it ena&ed, That if tny colle&or, t# whom fuch order {hall be addrciTed and prefented by the wife or mother of any petty officer, boatwain, gunaer, carpenter, Teaman, or landman, non-Commiflioned officer of marines, or marine, or by the perfon that may be Bppoint* ed, in njpnner before mentioned, to receive the feme, in the event of the death of fuch wife, for payment of the fum allotted to fuch wife, child, or children, or mother, {hall not then have in his hands, publick money fufficient ter anfwtr the fame, and {hall for that reafon refufe or delay the immediate payment thereof, fuch colle&or {hall immediately deliver to the wife or mother, or perfon appointed in the manner and in the event aforefaid, and demanding fuch payment, a note of the caufe of his refufal or delay to pay the fame, which (hall bear the date when fuch demand was made and refufed, and (hall appoint thereon, for the payment of fuch demand, fome future day, within the fpace of fourteen days from the day of the firft demand being made upon him.

XIV.	And be it ena&ed, That every colle&or who Audi have paid any Turns of money to any perfon entitled to have received th<f fame, in purfuance of this a&, {hall return the duplicate on which the acknowledgment of the receipt of fuch money {hall be endorfed, to the commiffion-ers of his Majefly’s revenue; who {hall once in every quarter of a year caufe a certificate to be given to fuch collector, fpecifying the amount of the money appearing by fuch receipts to have been, in purfuance of this a6t, by fuch collector paid wjthin fuch quarter; and every fuch collector (hall be credited by the faid commiffioners for the payment of fuch money, in like manner as if the fame had been advanced and paid in purfuance of the orders of the faid com-mifiioners for any other purpofesfor which they are entitled to iffue orders to collectors for the payment of money.

XV.	And be it enacted, That the faid commiffioners {hall, once in every year, make up an account of all money paid by the feveral collectors, in purfuance of this act, and {hall fend or tranfmit the fame, together with the certificates endorfed by the faid commiffioners, on which the receipts for fuch money fhall have been taken, to fome perfon or perfon8, to be authorized by the faid commiffioners, to receive the payment of the fame from the treafurer of his Majefty’s navy ; and the faid commiffioners {hall return duplicates of fuch account, and alfo a quarterly account of all payments made by any collector, in purfuance of the provifions of this act, and of an act pafled in the thirty-third year of his Majefty's reign, entitled, An a8 for the encouragement of feamcn and marines 9 employed in the royal

Digitized by Google

The tUrtyffixth Tear of George III.

*ovjy ty Tendering it more eafy for petty officers and feamen9 mud non-commiffioned of marines, to remit their wages to this kingdom, and for providing for the payment, m tins kingdom,

*f wages due to deceafed officers, fcamen, and marines as afore-faid, to the lord lieutenant of this kingdom, and to the commiffioners of the treafury, and the accountant-general, all for the time being.

XVI.	And be it enacted, That the teller of his Majef-ty’s exchequer of this kingdom, for the time being, his, or Pajd be re* their deputy or deputies, be, and are hereby authorized to counterfort? receive all fuch monies as fhall be repaid for any money ad- teller of excho* Yanced, in purfuance of this act, and (hall acknowledge quer.

and give credit for the lame, in like manner, as for any money received or paid at the receipt of his MajeftyN exchequer.

XVII.	And be it enacted. That a .etters directed or Letters from addrefled by the cafhier of the treafurtr of the navy, or °®“»and per fo« appointed to officiate under the direction of the laid dlreac<L£w, treafurer, refating to the execution of this act, and for-

warded in fuch manner as is directed by the faid two firft recited acts, and on which he (hall write his name, as therein directed, (hall be forwarded free of any duty for poftage; any thing in any act palled to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII.	And be it enacted. That in every cafe where When com. cf the commiffioners of his Majefty's navy (hall give notice to navy, d»-the commiffioners of the revenue in this kingdom, that the r€aion# t0 ftoJP allotment of the wages or pay of any petty officer, boat-

fwain, gunner, carpenter, legman, or landman, non-com- colle&or, who miffioned officer of marines, or marine, and order for pay- lhal! ackoow-ment of the fame to his wife, hath been revoked or recall- ‘^adam. cd, and (hall direct, that all future payments thereon be g^cT **	**

flopped, the faid commiffioners of the revenue (hall immediately transmit the lame to the collector, to whom fuch order for payment was addrefled, who (hall endorfe upon the notice of fuch countermand of payment, the date when he received the lame, and (hall within .two days after acknowledge the receipt thereof, by letter to the commiffioners of the revenue, who (hall immediately give notice thereof to the commiffioners of the navy in London; and fuch collector (hall not, after the receipt of fuch notice of countermand of payment, make any further or future payment to the wife of fuch petty officer, boatfwain, gunner, carpenter, Teaman, or landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines or marine.

XIX.	And be it enacted. That in every cafe where the Whefewives,

minifter and church-wardens, or church-warden, eiders or	W*?

elder of the panlb where the wife of any petty officer, •

boatfwain,

Money fo re-

Digitized by L,ooQle

The thirtyJtxth Year of George III.

A. D. boat (Vain, gunner, carpenter, fcaman, or landman, no*-1796.	corruniffioned officer of marines or marine refided, and to

Chap. 56.	whom any allotment of pay was made for the maintenance

—*—) and fnpport of her, and of child or children, (hall have their children, certified to the commiffioners of the navy in London, that fuch wives fuch WI^e	or °thefwife neglected, and left

Bot receive •*»/•	and	without	maintenance,	for the fpace of one

month or more, fuch child or children, they or any of them being under the age of fourteen years, and where the con^ njiflior.ers of the navy (hall thereupon proceed, in the fame way, towards the appointment of a proper perfon to receive that allotment of wages or pay, which fuch petty officer, boatfwaio, gunner, carpenter, feaman, or landman, uon-commiffioned olbcer of marines, or marine, had allot-

tfhen com. •f rev. receive notice from com.of navy, to ftop payments, fh.aH not pay any more.

ted to be paid to his w ife, in the fame way and manner el if fhe had di«*d,-to be received and applied by fuch perfon at maybe fo appointed, for the ufe of fuch child or children as aforefaid, then, and in fuch cafe, the fame rules, orders, directions, and regulations, fhall be obferved, with refpcct to the perfon fo to be appointed, when the'wife fhall dc-fert, or neglect the child or children, as if fuch wife had died, and fuch appointment had taken place in confcquence thereof; and from and after the date of fuch appointment, the wife lhall not be entitled to, or receive any part of her hufband’s wages, or pay, which had been allotted to her. •

XX.	And be it enacted, That in in every cafe where the commiffioners of the navy (hall give notice to the commiffioners of the revenue in this kingdom, that any petty officer, boatfwain, gunner, carpenter, hv.mr.n, or landman, non-commillioned officer of marines, or marine, who had allotted a part of his wrages or pay to hi* wife and child, or children, or mother, has either died, been difmifled, or in any other manner or way quitted, or abfented himfelf from the fervice of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and (hall direct that all future payments to fuch wife or mother (hall be flopped, from and after the day which fhall be for th^t purpofe mentioned in fuch notice, the laid commiffioners of the revenue fhall immediately tranfmit the fame to the cd-ledlor, to whom the order for payment to fuch wife or mother was addrefied, who fhall, within two days after the receipt of fuch notice, acknowledge the receipt thereof, by letter to the commiffioners of the revenue in this kingdom, tvho fhall immediately give notice thereof to the commiffioners of the navy in London, and fuch colle&or fhall not, after the receipt of fuch notice, on any account or pretence whatsoever, pay, or caufe to be paid, to the wife or mother of fuch petty officer, boatfwain, guuner, carpenter,

feanafl*

Digitized by

Google

Vhe thirty-fixth Tear of George III.

Teaman, or landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines*

or marine, or other perfon as aforefaid, any part of the allowance allotted for the maintenance and fupport of his wife or mother, or of his child or children, out of his pay, from and after the day on which it {hall have been fo nodded, that fuch petty officer, boatfwain, gunner, carpenter, fcaman, or landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine had died, been difmifled, quitted or abfented himfelf from the fervice of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors as aforefaid.

- XXI. And be it enabled, That as foon as it .fhall come to the knowledge of the minilter, or any of the churchwardens, or any of the elders of any parilh, that the wife __

or mother of any petty officer, boatfwain, gunner, carpen- to com. of navy, ter, feaman, landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, who (hall en-or marine, entitled to receive any benefit or allowance ubder d°rf<e thc date the authority of this aCt, is dead, fuch minifter, church-	C*	**

warden, or elder, or any one of them, (hall immediately give notice thereof, by letter to the commiffioners of the navy in Londoner to the collector from whom the wife or mother of fuch petty officer, boatfwain, gunner, carpenter, feaman, or landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, fhall have received the allowance allotted to her: and fuch collector fhall immediately endorfe on fuch letter of notification, the day when he receives the fame, and fhall forthwith tranfmit it to the commiffioners of the revenue, to be by them tranfmitted to the commiffioners of the navy ; and fhall not thereafter make any payment on account, or by virtue of the order under which fuch wife or mother dying as aforefaid, was in ufe to receive her allowance out of her hufband’s or fon’s wages or pay, as aforefaid, until he fhall have received a triplicate of the order of appoint-ment'before mentioned, of the perfon therein named, being	'

appointed for receiving that part of the wages allotted by fuch petty officer, boatfwain, gunner, carpenter, feaman, or landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, for the maintenance or fupport of his child or children.

XXII.	And be it enaCted, That all and every fum and No deduitioa fuml of money to be paid to the wife or mother, or to the bac™omu°n perfon appointed to receive the fame for the ufe of the pen^ty^oL' child or children of any pet\y officer, boatfwain, gunner, carpenter, feaman, or landman, non-tommiffioned officer of marines, or marine, under the authority of this aCt, fhall be fully and completely paid to her or him, without any deduction or abatement, or under the pretence of reimburfe-ment of any expence whatfoever, although part thereof maybe in fractions of the finalleft denomination j and if any collector*

When a wi£*

or mother die», the mmifter,2cc. (hall notifv fame

Digitized by t^ooQle

47*

A. t>.

Perfon* who forge, Ace. for obtaining mo* sey, deemed f«-Jona, without benefit of clergy.

The tUrtyfixth tear of GeOigt III.

leftor, or any perfon employed by or under him, (hal ha we wilfully or unneceffaiily refuted or delayed the payment of fhch allowance, or (hall have detained or withheld any part thereof, under pretence of former privilege or ufage of office, or upon or under any pretence whatsoever, or (hall dw redly or indiredly have received or taken any fee, gratuity* or dUcouat, on account of payment of fuch money, every foch coQedor (hall, for every fuch offence, by himfelf, or by any perfon employed by or under him, forfeit and pay the fum of twenty pounds, to be fued for and recovered in the feme way and manner at any penalty or forfeiture for any offence again ft any law, relating to the colledioii of the duties of excite and euftoms is direded to be levied and recovered, and (hall be paid to the perfon filing and profecut-ing for the fame.

AXIII. And be it enaded. That if any perfon (hall felfely make, forge, or counterfeit, ov caufe or procure to be felfely made, forged, or counterfeited, or willingly ad and afliff in the felfely making, forging, or counterfeiting any fuch declaration or order for payment, or any remittance-certificate, or bill, or any certificate or receipt, or other document herein before described or mentioned, or (hall utter or publifti as true, any fuch falfe and forged de« claration, order, certificate, or receipt, remittance-certificate, or bill, or other document, or any writing purport ing to enable any perfon or perfons to obtain payments any fum or fums of money, authorized by this ad to be paid, then every fuch perfon ofr perfons being thereof con? vided, fhall be adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall fiiffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy.

CHAP. LVIL

jin AB for the further improving and carrying on of Intdul Navigations, not being in the Whole* or in any Part private Property, and for regulating the Mode of building Bridges on Highways, where the fame are interfered by any Canal•

WHEREAS feveral ads have been paffed for the better promoting and carrying on of inland.naviga* tions, and for ereding corporations for the management thereof; and whereas fuch corporations have-been lo con? ftituted, that meeting*.have*been found difficult, or altoge-) ther impracticable, to the great injury of fuch inland navi, gations as are not in the whole, or in any part,, private

property t

Digitized by v^ooQie

The tbirtyjixth Tear of George IIL	479

property: for remedy thereof, and in order to remove all A. D.

doubts, and for the better promoting, carrying on, and 1796,

managing of inland navigations, not being in the whole, or Chap. 57.

in any part, private property; be it ena&ed by the King’s

jnoft excellent Majetty, by and with the advice and confent

of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this

prefent parliament gfiembled, and by the authority of the

fame, That if any corporation, whereof the number requir- If a corporation

ed for the tranfa&ing of bufinefs exceeds twenty truftees, whofe truftees

(hall not have heen convened, or (hall not have had any JJurothw?*

meeting for the fpace of twelve months for the tranfa&ing mctforia

of bofinefs, it (hall and may be lawful for any three or more months, a meet.

of fuch corporation, by publifhing a notice in the Dublin mg be

Gazette, and in two newfpapers, to appoint a meeting of

the corporation or truftees for managing fuch navigation,

not fooner than fourteen days after fuch notice; and that

fuch meeting, provided the fame (hall not be compofed of

left than fix of fuch truftees, when held putfuant to fuch

notice, (hall be deemed a fuflkient meeting for the purpofes

of this ad.

II.	And be it ena&ed, That the truftees attending at Truftees may fuch meeting, (hall have power to reduce the number of truf- reduce number tees heretofore required to conftitute a meeting for the trani- oftru^cc*t0 9* *ding of bufinefs, fuch reduced number being not lefs than

nine.

III.	And whereas it may be expedient and neceflary, for Truftees of the better management of inland navigations, not being in canals (not prv-the whole, or m any part, private property, and for the jSdTh^ee better attendance of truftees for tranfading the bufinefs to corporation, thereof, that perfons living near to, and making ufe of fuch of 300I. a year, navigations, and who are interefted in the good management frcc£°ld P™Pcr* and improvement thereof, (hould be added to the corporati- ty,5cc*M^crcui* on for managing the fame; be it eoa&ed, That it (hall and

may be lawful for the truftees, from time time, to appoint three other truftees to be added to the corporation, being proprietors of land, within the counties through which fuch navigation (hall run, of at leaft three hundred pounds fer annum, freehold property 5 and that where fuch navigation communicates with the fea, fuch truftees fo to be added, (hall be taken from amongft the regiftered wholefale met chants refident at the port, at or neareft which fuch navigation communicates with the fea, and which three perfons (hall be firft chofen by the regiftered wholefale merchants at large, of fuch port, from amongft themfelves, and their names re» turned to \he faid truftees, or to their fecretary $ and that fuch three wholelale regiftered merchants fo chofen, (hall thereupon be added to the corporation, and (hall be appoint*

#4 truftees apd members of fuch corporation, and may exeiv

Digitized by v^ooQle

4^0	v	T^ht thirty ftxth Year of Gcorgc III.

A. D. cife all powers in all rcfpefts which the original members of 1796.	the corporation are entitled to exercife; provided that the

Chap. 57.	perfons fo to be appointed, (hall continue and remain naem-

bers of fuch corporation for the fpace of three years, and no longer, from their being fo appointed to be members of fuch corporation; at the end of which time it (hail aftd may be lawful to choofe and appoint as before the like number of perfons to be added to the corporation for the like period of three years; and from time to time, as often as a vat pancy fhall happen of any of the perfons fo appointed in purfuance of this aft, to appoint other perfons fo chofen a* aforefaid, in the room of the perfons having made fuch vacancy, for the remaining unexpired term of three years, aa aforefaid.

When one of IV. Provided always, That if any of the faid three mer-laid merchant* chants fhall die during the term of his appointment, or fhall become* a hank- become, a bankrupt, and that a commimon of bankruptcy fhjK be *’0 e ifiues againll him, or fhall ceafe to refide at the faid port, or longer a mem- ihall choofe to refign his faid appointment, under his hand ber of the cor- and feal, and fhall notify and deliver the faid refignartion to poration. the fecretary for the time being, of faid corporation, then* and from thenceforth, fuch merchant fhall ceafe to aft as, x>r be one of the faid corporation.

Not to affea	V. Provided alfo, That all afts, and all regulations in

fiKh navigation any Qf the aft3 aforefaid contained, (fave as the fame are herebyaltTred ^cre^y altered and amended, with refpeft to the number of $cc. a* herein/ truflees neccfTary to the tranfafting of bufinefs, and with refpeft to the adding of certain perfons to the corporation from time to time, as herein authorized and direfted, fhall be and remain in full force, as if this aft had not been made : provided alfo, Th^t nothing in this aft fhall affeft any inland navigation, being in the whole or in part private property, or in the making or improvement of which any money the property of private perfons has been expended. When a navi- VI. And be it enaftedr That as foon as any infend navigation fhall be- gation, not now being in the whole, or in any part private come fubje& to property, may hereafter become fo under any afts heretofore this aft, &c. enafted, fuch navigation fhall no longer be fubjeft to the provifions of this aft, or any regulation made under the authority of the fame, but that from the time of any money to the amount of ten thoufand pounds, or upwards, being fubferibed and paid in, or depofited, purfuant to any aft or afts heretofore enafted, fuch navigation fhall be fubjeft only to fuch regulations as are by fuch’ afts enafted and direfted.	*

ApublickaA. VII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That this aft fhall be deemed a publick aft, and fhall in all cafes be taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juflices,

and

Digitized by v^ooQle

The thirty Jixth Tear of Gfeorge III.	'

and other perfons whorafoever, without fpecially pleading A. D. the fame.	- *79^* ;

VIII.	And whereas great inconvenience and danger to the Chap. 57. publick have arifen by perfons a&ing for corporations or companies carrying on inland uavig^MoU^ ercdftig bridges ^unt afherei^ on publick roads, of an improper height or elevation, and not forming the afeents and defeents to and from fuch V'dggfe fo.a*. u\ afford a- fafe and e^fy paflhge, a$<? not crewing fufficient range-walj^ fenciftg «*cl» fide of thok af-cent, be it enaded, That it (halt not be lawful fbn any cor-poratioo.or company, carrying on any inland navigation, to. coed or bvnld^any bridge on any publipk rood in this kingdom, the afeent to, qrdefeept from which ie more than one foot io height in every thirteen feet in length horizontal . of f(ich road, and the height of range-walls, fencing eaeh fide of faid afeent or defeent, are not at le*lb four feet ( above the fiirface of the road ; and. that in cafes where any fupji bridge has been fo eroded, or (hall be hereafter, ered- ^ cd, the trudeet or diredors of Inch road, if a turnpike road, or if not a. turnpike road, the grand jury of the coun- . ty in which fuch bridge is-made, or if within one milt of the Circular road round Dublin, the commiffionert for making- wide and convenient ways, or paflages from E flex-bridge to the caiUe of Dublin, are hereby empow-ered to fend one or more period on perfons to infeed the fame, and if it (haH appear, upon ipfpedion, that the fame is not made in. the manner herein, before mentioned, with, fuch afeent or defoent^ and: fuch range-wads, it (hall and may be lawful to and for, the faid diredors* grand jury or commiflfoners, to ca]l upon* the corporation or company who erede&foch bridge, and oblige them to complete the levels of fuch road* and fence in the feme in manner afore* feid, fo as the afeent co% and defeent. from (bob bridge, . feall not be a greater height than one foot in thirteen feet as aforefaid; and in cafe of refufalcf the (aid corporation or company fe to do, then it (hall and may be lawfal for the faid truftces, grand, jury, or commiifioncrs, to caufe feid work to be executed in the beft manner, and to demand immediate payment for the fame, from the laid corporation or company, and in cafe of refufal, to fue for recovery thereof, by an adion of debt by civil bill, to be brought in the name of the foreman of the grand jury; the'fecrctary or clerk of the commiffionera of wide ftrec^s, or three or more of the tru^ees of fuch turnpike road, as the cafe may be, and the faid corporation or company (hall be liable to tre- . ble the coft? or e^pancein recovering the fame.

Vt. X.	B	h	C	H	A	p.

Digitized by v^ooQle

The thirtyfixth Year of George lit - * CHAP. LV1IL

herein.

An AS for tb$ Encouragement and. Refief of Friendly So~ detiejk.

WIEREAS the prote&ion and encouragement of friendly Societies in this kingdom, for railing, by Voluntary fubfoription of the members thereof, feparate funds for the mutual relief and maintenance of the faid members, in ficknefs, old age, and infirmity, is likely to be attended with veajr beneficial effects, by promoting the happinefs of individuals: and whereas in order to give (lability to fuch inftitutioos, it is neceifary that their property (hould be fe-cured under the authority of parliament; be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpintual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aflenlbled, and by Societies may • the authority of the fame, That it (hall and may be lawful he formed as to and for any number of perfons in Ireland, to form them-felvea into, and to eftablifh one or more fociety or focieties of good fellow (hip, for the purpofe of railing, from time to time, by fubferiptions of the feveral members of every fuch fociety, or by voluntary contributions, a dock or fund for the mutual relief and maintenance of all and every the mem. ' ..ben thereof, in old age, ficknefs, and infirmity, or for . the relief of the widows and children of deceafed members,

. and to ax>d for the feveral members of every fuch fociety, or fuch number of them as (hall be nominated a committee for that purpofe, from time to time, to aftemble together, and to make, ordain, and conilitute fuch proper and wholefome rules, orders, and regulations, for the better government and guidance, of the fame, as to the major part of fuch fociety, or fuch committee thereof fo aflcmbled together (hall feem meet, fo as fuch rules, orders, and regulations, (hall not be repugnant t«> the laws of this realm, nor any of the exprefs provifions or regulations of this a&; - and to impofeand indict fuch reafonable fines and forfeitures the feveial members of any fuch fociety who (hall offend' again ft 'fuch rules, orders, or regulations as (hall be juft and neceflary for duly enforcing the fame, to be re-fpedlively paid to fuch ufes, for the benefit of fuch fociety, as fuch fociety by fuch rules, orders, Or regulations (hall diredt; and alio from time to time to alter aud amend fuch rules, orders, and regulations as occafion (hall require, Or to annul or repeal the fame, and to make new rules, orders,

jmd



Vv



Digitized by

Google

JSSh



The thirtyfixth Tear of George III.

ancf regulations in lieu thereof, under fuch rcftri&ions as are in this ad contained*

1L Provided always, and be it further enadfcd by the authority aforefaid, That all fuch rules, orders, and regulations, with all convenient fpeed after the fame (hall be made, altered, or amended, and fo from time to time after making, altering, or amending thereof, (hall be exhibited in writing, to the juft ices of the peace aiTembled at the general quarter-feflionsof the peace, or at any adjournment thereof, iu and for the county, or county of a city, or county of a town, where fuch fociety (hall be eftablifhed; and fuch rules, orders and regulations (hall be tubjed to the review of fuch juftices, who (hall and may, after due examination thereof, at the then, or the then next fubfequent feflion, annul and make void all fuch rules, orders, or regulations as (hall be repugnant to this ad, and (hall allow and confirm all fuch rules, orders, and regulations, as (hall be conformable to the true intent and meaning of this ad ; and after the confirmation thereof by fuch juftices, all fuch rules, orders, and regulations fo confirmed, fhall be (igned by the clerk of tlie peace at fuch felfions, and a duplicate thereof, being fairly written on parchment, (hall be depofited with the clerk of the peace, at fuch feffions, to be by him filed, with the rolls of fuch feffions, without any fee to be paid for any matter or thing relating to the fame ; and fuch rules, orders, and regulations, approved of anu confirmed by the juftices, and filed as aforefaid, (hall be binding upon all parties during the continuance of the fame ; and no fuch fociety whjch (hall hereafter be eftablifhed, (hall be deemed or taken to be within the intent and meaning of this ad, until good and competent rules, orders, and regulath ©ns for the government of the fame fhall have been confirmed by the juftices, and filed as aforefaid, according to the drre&ions of this ad, as before mentioned; nor fhall any fuch fociety which hath already been eftablifhed for the purpofc aforefaid be, or be ‘deemed ©r taken to be within the intent -qr meaning of this ad, unlefs %ll the rules, orders, or regulations under which fuch fociety is thereafter to be governed, (hall be exhibited and confiimed in manner aforefaid, and (hall be filed at the general quainter feffions of the peace, or at any adjournment thereof, lobe holden in and for the county, or county of a city, or •county of a town wher^ fuch fociety hath been eftablifhed, at fomc time before, or immediately next after the twenty-fifth day of March, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight.

III. Provided alfo, and be it further ennded by the authority aforefaid, That no rule* order, or regulation, con-tt h 1	firmed

Al! rukt and order* fhall be exhibited to juftite^ at quarter fc&wiit, &c.

Digitized by LjOOQLC

4*4

Tbtthirly-Jixth Ttar.ef George III.

Rules confirmed not to be altered or repealed, but at •-general "meeting, as herein.

Societies or their committees, may e!c& officers and clerks, as herein.

firmed hy the juftices of the peace in maimer afbrefaid, (hall be altered, rescinded, or repealed, unlefs at a general meeting of the members of fnch fociety as aforefaid, convened by publick notice in writing, figned by the fecretpry of clerk of fiich fociety, in puiiuanco of a requisition for tha| purpofe, by three or more of the members of fiich fociety, and publickly read at the two ufual meetings of fuch fociety, to he held next before fiich general meeting, for tfi# purpofe of fuch alteration or repeal, unlefs a committee of fiich members (hall have been nominated for that purpofe, in which cafe fuch committee (hall be convened in like manner, and unlefs fuch alteration or repeal (hal) be made with the concurrence and approbation of thrco-fqurths of the members of fuch fociety, then and there prefent, or by the like proportion of fuch committee as afotefaid, if any (hall have been nominated for that purpofe, and fuch altciption or repeal (hall be fubjeft to the review of the jqftice* at fuch general quarter-fefiions of the peace, or at any adjournment thereof, as afbrefaid, and (hall be filed in tbq manner herein before dire&ed, and that no fuch rule, order, or regular tion (hall be binding, or have any force or effe&, until the fame (hall have been agreed to, and confirmed by fiich jut ticcs, and filed as aforefaid.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afbrefaid, Tiiat every fijqb fociety, (hall and may, from time to time* at any of their general meetings, or by their committee, if any fnch (hall be appointed for that fociety, clc& ^nd af** point fuch perfot}8 unto the office of Reward, prefident* warden, treasurer, or truftee of fuch fociety, as they (HaB think proper ; and alfo (hall and may from time to time, eledt and appoint fuch clerks and other officers as (hall* be deemed neceflary, to cany into execution the purports of fuch institution, for fuch fpace of time, and for fuch pui> -pofep, as (hall be fixed and eftabliihed by the rules and Regulations af fuch fociety $ and from time to time to ele& and appoint others ifc-tbe ro$m of thofe-who fhajl vacate or die $ and fuch treafurer or tretfuvers, truftee or trustees, and all and every other officer or officers, or other perfons whatever, who (hall be appointed toany.ofifce, in any wife touching, or concerning the receipt, management or expenditure of any fum, or fums of money, collected for, the purpofe of any fuch fociety, before he or they (hall.be admitted to take upon him or them the execution of ,aoy fnch office or truft, (hall, (if required fq to do, by the rules or regulations of fuch fociety, to which fiich officer* (ball belong,) become bound with two fufficient fureties for the juft and faithful execution of fuch office * or truft, and for rendering a juft and true account, according to the rules, orders, and regn* * .	;	lations

Digitized by

Google

The thirtyjixsh Tear of G corgi HI.

litiong of fuch fociety, and in all lawful matters to pay obedience to the fame, in fuch penal fum or (urns of money as by the major part of fuch fociety, at any filch meeting as aforefaid, (hall be thought expedient, and to the fatisfa&ioft of fuch fociety; and that every fuch bond or bonds to be given by or on the behalf of fuch treafurer or treafurers, truftee or truftees, (hah be given to the clerk of the peace, of the county, or county of a vity, or county of a town, where flich fociety (hall be eftablifhed for the time being, without fee or reward rand in cafe of forfeiture, it.(hall be lawful to fuc upon fuch bond, in the name of the clerk of the peaee for the time being, for the ufe of the faid fociety, and every fuch bond or bonds, to be given by any other perfon or perfons, appointed to any fuch other office or truft as aforefaid, (hall be given to the trcafucer or treafur* ere, truftee or truftees, as aforefaid, of fuch fociety, for the time being, to be by him or them refpedivdy profccuted for any forfeit are thereof, and for the ufe of fuch fociety, to which fuch officer or officers (hall belong, and no bond or Other fecurity to be given to, or on account of any fuch fociety, or in purfuance of this ad, (hall be charged* Qr chargeable with any (lamp duty whatever.

V.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That every fuch fociety (hall and may, from time to time, eled and appoint any number of the members of fuch fociety, not lefs than eleven, to be a committee, and (hall and may delegate to fuch committee, all or any of the powers given by this ad, to be executed, who being fo delegated, (hall Continue to ad as fuch committee, for and during fuch time as they (hall be appointed ; and in all cafes where a ftanding committee (hall be appointed to fuch fociety, for general purpofes, the powers of fuch committee (hall be firft declared in and by the rules, orders, and regulations of fuch fociety, confirmed by the juftices of the peace at their fcfli-ons, and fHed in the manner herein before direded ; and in all cafes where a committee (hall be appointed fonany particular purpofe or purpofea, the powers delegated to fnch committee, (hall be reduced into writing, and entered in a book by the fecretary or <jlerk; of fuch fociety, and five of the members of fuch committee, at leaft, (hall at all times be neceffary to concur in any ad of fuch committee ; and fuch committee (hall in all things delegated to them, ad for and in the name of fuch fociety ; and all ads and orders of fuch Committee, under the powers delegated to them, (hall have the like force and effied, as the ads and orders of fuch fociety at any general meeting thereof could qr might have had, in purfuance of thU ad.

VI.	Provided

Committees to be appointed, &c.

Digitized by Google

486

The thirtyfixtbTear of George III.

A. D.

1796. Chap. 98.

Committees liaMc to con-tioul of fociety.

Traafurern or trullee* may difi-ofr of moiuy, Stc.

A I! yro:eed% tf. C1.1l! he :u-cuunttd for, Sec.

Trfafbrcrs, See. to give in arctunc* i» herein.

VI.	Provided always, That the tranfa&ions of fuch committee, (hall be from time to time, and at all timet, fubje& and liable to the review, allowance or difallowance, and contronl of fuch fociety, in fuch manner and form as fuch fociety (hall by their general rules, orders and regulations, confirmed by the juftices, and filed as aforefaid, have directed and appointed, or /hall in like manner direct and; appoint.

VII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That it /hall and may be lawful to and for the treafurer or treafurers, truftee or truft«es, for the time being, of any fuch fociety, and he and they is, and are hefeby authorized and required from time to time, by and with the confent of fuch fociety, to be had and teftified in fuch manner as /hall be directed by the general rules and orders of fuch fociety, to lay out or difpofe of fuch part of all fums of money as /hall at any time be collected, given, or paid, to and for the beneficial ends, intents, and purpofes* of fuch foci-ety, as the exigencies of fuch fccicty /hall not call for the immediate application or expenditure of, either on private fccurities to be approved of as aforefaid, fuch fecurities to be taken in the name or names of fuch treafurer or treafurers, truflee or truftees tor.the time being, or to inveft the fame in the publick /locks or funds, in the proper name or names of fuch treafurer or treafurers, truftee or tniftces, and from time to time, with fuch confent as aforefaid, to alter and transfer fuch fecurities and funds, and to make {ale thereof refpe&ively.

VIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That all the dividends, interefts, and proceeds, which Pnall from time to time arife from the monies fo laid out, or in veiled a3 aforefaid, (hall from time to time be brought to account by .fuch treafurer or treafurers, truftee or truftees, and /hall be applied to and for the ufe of fuch fociety,. according to the rules, orders, and regulations thereof.

IX.	Provfded always, and be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the treafurer or treafurers, truftee or truftees, for the time being, and all other officers of any /uch fociety, who /hall have or receive any parts of the mo-niesi effeifts or fynds of fuch fociety, of (hall in any manner have been, or (hall be entrufted with the difpoiition, management, or cuftody thereof, or of any fcqurities relating to the fame, his, her, and thejr Executors, adminiftrators, and afiigns refpe&ively, /hall, -upon demand made in purfu-auce of any order, by fuch fpciety or committee, to be appointed as aforefeidt for that purpofe, give in his or their account or accounts at a generaf ms^ng of any fuch focie* fryki/V-to Aidh committee thereof as aforefaid, to be examined apd allowed, or difallowed $ and (hall,1 on the like dc-

Digitized-by.

Google

The thirtyJtxth Tear of George III-

maiid, pay over all the monies remaining in bis or their A. D. ‘ hands, and aflign and transfer, or deliver all fecurities, ef- 1796. fefts, or funds taken or (landing in his or their name or	Chap. 58.

names as aforefaid, or being in his or their hands or cuftody, to the treafurer or treafurers, or truftee or truftees for the* time being, or to fuch perfon or perfons as fuch fociety (hall appoint 5 and in cafe of any negleft or refufal to deliver fuch	"

account, or to pay over fuch monies, or to aflign, transfer* or deliver fuch fecurities or funds in manner aforefaid* it (hall and may be lawful to and for every fuch' fociety, in the . name of the treafurer or treafuvers, truftee or truftees thereof, as the cafe may be, to exhibit a petition in. the high . -court of chancery, or the court of exchequer in Ireland, refpeftively, who (hall and may proceed thereupon in a fum- . mary way, and make fuch order therein, upon hearing all parties concerned, as to fuch court in their diferetion (ball -feem juft ; and all alignments and transfers made in purfu-ance of .fuch order, (hall be good and effectual in law, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever.

X.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, pctitkmi to That no fee, reward, emolument, or gratuity whatfoever, be carried on in (ball be demanded, taken or received by any officer or mi* (aid courts, nifter of fuch court, for any matter or thing done io fuch court, in purfuance of this a ft ; and that upon the prefent* iog of any fuch petition, it (hall he lawful for the lord high chancellor and barpns of the exchequer, respectively in Ireland, to affign counfel learned in the law, t»nd to appoint a clerk of fuch court to advife and carry on fuch petition, on the behalf of fuch fociety, who arc hereby refpeftively required to do their duties therein, without fee or reward j and that no fuch proceedings in fuch* court in purfuance of this aft, (hall be chargeable with any (lamp duty.

• XI. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. Debts due That if any perfon, appointed to any office, by any fuch by parties. Sec. foricty, and being entrufted with, or having in his hands or lhalfrbtfirft r pofleffion, any monies or effefts belonging to fufch fociety, P41 * or any fecurities relating to the fame, (hall die or become a , bankrupt or infolvent, his exectitors, adminiftrators or af* fignees, (hall, within forty days after demand made by the order of any fuch fociety, or the major part of them, afFembled at any meeting thereof, deliver oyer all things belonging to fuch fociety, to fuch perfon or perfons as fuch (bcicty (hall appoint, and (hall pay out of the aflets or effefts of fuch perfon, all fuqis of money remaining due, which fuch perfon received by virtue of his fauLoff\ce, before any of his other debts are paid orfatisfied, and all fuch affets and effefts (hall be bound to the payment and discharge thtrcofaxordingly.

XU. Afld

Digitized by

Google

4«*

A. 15.

A'fl ‘inorfie*, goods, and fe-curities, Hiali be vefted in treafurcrs or truftea, dec.

r

Purports of dhhlifament, ta be declared hi rules, as herein.

The tbirtyjmth Yutr ef George III.

XIL And be it further ena&ed by the; authority afbre-faid, That all monfts, goods, chattels, flocks, annuities, and other transferable fecurities and effeds whatever, belonging to fuch fociety, (hall be veiled in the treafurer or treafurers, trtiftee or truflees, for the time being, for the ufeund benefit of fUch fociety ; and from and after the death or removal of airy treafarfcr or treafurers, truftee cft truflees, (hdl veft in the futetediftg treafurer or treafurers, trutlee or truflees, for thfc fame tftates and inlertlls as he or they then had therein, aifd fabjtd to the fame mid, without any alignment or trahfBfr Whatever: and alfo (hall, for ill purpofe^ of action or fuit, as Vrell criminal as civil, in lkvV, or in equity, in any-wtfe touching, or concerning the faint, hfe detmtid, and be taken t6 bt, and fhall ih every fuch proceeding (where ne-eeffary) be dated to he the property of tht jpendn or per-fohs appointed to the office of treatfttret or trttrfutcrs, tVuT-tet or truflees, (a* the cafe may be) Of fuch fociety, for fhe time beings *» fas, her, or them proper ttaihe dr names, and fubh perron Or pfcrfmts fb appointed, ihafl, and they are hereby refpe&ively authorised to bring or defend, or trauft to be brought oi defended, hny action, frit, hr profaaiQDn, Criminal as well as civil, touching, ot concerning fifth bib* hies, goods, or chattels, or effc6& df> or belengmg to fdth fodety ; and fuch perfon or periods 1o appointed, (hill 1Ml may, in aU cafes concerning the property of filfch Ibcftfcy, fue and be fued, plead and be impleaded, in his 6t thefe pro* per name or names, withqut other defeription; and no fitch fuk, *&ion, orprofocution* ffiall be diEcimrintfcd, or abate, by the death or removal of foch perfon or perfons from the faid office of t-reafmtr or treafnrfers, trufteC or trufttCs afbrc-faid, but the fame dull and may be proceeded ih, by the fucceeding treafilrcr or tfea/Urers, truftec or 'truflees, m the proper name or names of the .perfon or petfont commencing the fame, any law, ufage, <fr ettftom to the contrary thereof notwitliilanding.

XHI. And be it farther enfc&ed by the authority afor* faid, That every fuch fociety fp to be eftabhfhed as afonc-faid, before any of the rules, orders, of regulations thereof, /hall be confirmed by the juftices, in the manner herein before dire&ed, (hall in or by one or more of the general rules, orders, or regulations, to be confirmed by fuch jufiices, de-t clAre ail and every the intents and purpofes for which fuch fociety is intended to be eftablifhtd, and (hall alfo, in and by fuch rules, orders, and regulations, direct all and every the ufes and purpofes to which the money, which fhall from tithe to time be fubferibed, paid, or given to, or for the ufc of benefit ofTuch fociety, or which mail arife therefrom, or

Digitized by

Google .

*P(k tbirty^ixth Tear 9/ George lit.	48^

inatrywiTe belonging to fuch fociety, lhsaB be appfopriated or applied, and in wist {hares and proportions, and under what cir cum fiances any membrr of fuch fociety or other perfon ihall or may become entitled to the fame, or any part thereof; and which application (hall not in anywife be repugnant to the ufes, intents, and purpofes of fuch fociety, or any of them, to be declared as aforefipd ; and all fuch rules, orders, or regulations, during the continuance of the fame, {hall be complied with, and enforced, and the monies fo fubferibed, paid, Or given, or fo arifing to or for the ufe or benefit of fuch fociety, or belonging thereto, fhall not be diverted or mifappiied, cither by the treafurer or treafui*ers, truflee or truflees, or any other officer or officers of fuch fociety en-t rutted therewith, under fuch penalty or forfeiture ns fuch fo-* cicty fhall by any general tuk, order, or regulation, Impofc and inflill for fuch ’ offence ; and that it fhall not be lawful for any fuch fociety, by any rule or regulation at any general meeting, or otherwife, to dlflblve or determine fuch fociety fa long as the intents or purpofes declared by fuch fociety, or any of them, remain to be carried into effect, without the confent and approbation of five-fixths of the then exlfling , - members of fuch fociety, and alfo of all perfons then receiving, or then entitled to deceive relief from fuch fociety, either on account of ficknefs, age, or infirmity, to he tedified wider their hands, individually and refpeftivcly; nor fhall it he lawful for fuch fociety, by any rule, order, or regulation, to direct the divifion or diflrihution df fuch flock or fund, or any part thereof, to or amongft the feveral members of fuch fociety, other than for carrying into cffe& the general intents and purpofes of fuch fociety, declared by them, and confirmed by the juftices of the peace as afore-faid, according to the directions of this a£t; hut that all fuch rules, orders, or regulations, for the dlffolutiem or determination of any fuch fociety, without fuch confent as afore-faid, or for tne difiribution or divifion of the ilock or fund

^3

of fitch fociety, contrary to the rules, orders, and regulations, which fhall have been confirmed by the faid juilices, at then- feffions, and filed in purfuance of this a&, fhall be void and of none effeCti

XIV. And be it further eria&ed by the authority afore- Rwle* of fo-faid, That ail the’rules, orders, and regulations, from time ci«tie* tnbe en-to tilnc made, ordained, and conflicted, by any fuch fo- in book*» cicty, in the manner dire&ed by this a6l, fhall he forthwith entered in a book or books, to be kept by one or more of the members of fuch fociety to he appointed for that pur-pbfo, hktd fhaM be fighed by the laid members, and fhall at aH feafonable times he open fofr the infpe&ion of any member of fuck fociety; and fueh rules, ordetB, and regulations

Digitized by

Google

tions, fo entered and figned, Hull be deemed original orders, ’ and (hall be received in evidence as fuch, in all difputes, and in all trials before any court iu.this kingdom ; and that no ceritorari (hall be brought or allowed to remove any of the rules, orders, or regulations of any fuch fociety, made m purfnance of this ad, into any of his Majefty’s courts of re* cord at Dublin.

XV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore* faid, That it (hall and may be lawful for any fuch focietv to receive donations of any perfon or perfons, towards the fuppiy of their (lock or fund ; and all fuch fums (hall be applicable to the general purpofea of fuch fociety, in the like manner as the contributions of the feveral members of fuch fociety are or (hall be dire&ed to be applied, in purfuance of this ad, and (hall not be applied in any other manner.

XVI.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore-fumnion ©finer* faid. That if any perfon having been admitted a member of ot aiocictj, on any fuch fociety eltablifhed by virtue of this ad, (hall think ' coraplmitoi a himfclf aggrieved by any ad, matter, or thing done, or omit-BiiituKT, ** ted to be done, by any fuch fociety, or any perfon or perfons

ading under them, it (hall and may be lawful for any two or more jufticcs of the peace of the county, or county of a city, or county of a town, whetr, or near unto the place where fuch fociety (hall be eilablifhed, on complaint made upon oath or affirmation, by, or on the behalf of fuch perfon, (which oath or affirmation fuch juflices of the peace are hereby empowered and required to adminifler,) toiffiie their fumrao ?s to the prefiderUs, wardens, Rewards, or other principal officers of fuch fociety, by	whatever	name	luch	principal

officers (hall be refpedively named or called, or one of therm in cafe luch complaint (hall be made againfl fuch fociety col-ledively ; and in cafe fuch complaint (hall be made againit any perfon or perfons appoiuted tQ fuch office or offices, then to fummon fuch perfon or perfous to appear before fuch justices at a convenient time and place, to be refpedively named in fuch fummons, and alfo to fummon at the fame time and place, if there (hall be occafioq, all fuch perfous as (hall ap-, pear to fuch juflices to have the cuftody of the rules, orders? aiul regulations of foch fociety ; and (uch juflices at the time . and place named in fuch fummoQS, whether the perfon or perfons fo fummoned (hall or (hall not appear according to (uch fummons, ncverthelefs, on proof upon oath, or affirmation, of fuch lummons being duly fervea* or left at his, her, or their ufual place or places of abode, (hall proceed peremptorily to hear and determine in a fummary way, the matter of fuch complaintf according tp the true puroort and meaning the rules, orders, and regulations of fuch fociety, confirmed

f	*

I u	_fy

A. D.

179S. Oup. 58.

Societies may receive doaa-

* indices raav

Digitized by v^ooQle

The thirty Jixth Year of George III.

W

firmed by the juftices, according to the direftions of this aft, and (hall make fuch order therein* as to them (hall feem juft 5 and every fuch order of fuch juftices (hall be complied with* and (hall be final to all intents and pur-pofes, and (hall fiot be fubjeft to appeal, or to be removed or removeable into any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Dublin.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted by the

authority aforefaid. That if provifion (hall be made by one or more of the general rules or orders of any fuch fociety, and confirmed as required by this aft, for a reference by arbitration of any matter in difpute between any fuch fociety, or any peifon or perfons afting under them, and any individual members thereof, the matter fo in difpute (hall be referred to fuch arbitrators as (hall be named and elefted, in fuch manner as fhall be preferibed by fuch general rules or orders, arid whatever award, order, or determination, fhall be made by the faid arbitrators, or the major part of them, according to the true purport and meaning of the' rules and orders of fuch fociety, confirmed by the juftices, according to the direftions of this aft, fhall be binding and concluiive on alj parties, and fhall be final to all intents and purpofts, without appeal, or being fubjefted to the controul of two or more juftices of the peace, in the manner herein before preferibed.	1

XVIII.	And whereas fereral benevolent and charitable inftitutions and focieties ar£ formed in this kingdom, for the purpofe of relieving, by voluntary fubferiptions and benefactions, the widows, orphans, and families of the clergy, both of the eftabjiftied church and diflenters, and others in dillrefled circumllances ; and whereas fuch inftitutions have, or may have funds, which they may wi(h to place out on public fecuritie3, under the management of a treafurer: and whereas in order to give (lability to fuch inftitutions it is neceflary that their property fhould be fccured under the authority of parliament: be it therefore enafted. That it

A. D. *796. Chap. 58.

Reference by arbitration between a fociety and individual, (ball be concla-fivc.

Societies for relief of widows/ Sec. of clergy, may haveiunds, Stc,

fhall be lawful for the governors, direftors, managers, or members of any inftitution for the puipofe of relieving the widows, orphans, and families of fuch clergy, and others in diftreffed circumftances, to frame good and wholefome rules for the management and diftribution of their funds and the fame from time to time to amend and alter,, or to tnake new rules, as occafion (hall rtquire, and to procure the fame to be prefented to the juftices of the peace for their confirmation, within the time herein before limited, and to be regiftered under, and fubjeft to the fame conditions, methods, reftriftions, and regulations, as the members of fo-tjeties aforefaid, to be eftablifhed by virtue of this aft; and

.	if

Digitized by L,ooq le

Managers of

fuch inftitution* Any appoint treafurer*, a* ken is.

Money lent on mortgage* be lool

nr.

A publick

The thifif-fixth Tear jf Gebrge III.

ff it fhall /happen thkt any fueh charitable inftkution or ib-dety fliall not be confined within one county, then and in finch cafe, the rules for the management and diiiribution of their foods* may, within the time herein before limited, be confirmed by the magi (I rates aflembled at the general quarter feffion of the peace, or at any adjournment thereof, in and for any of the counties over which fuch fociety Audi attend.

XIX.	And be it forther eriaded, That the governor*, directors, managers, or members of any facb inftitution, wbofe roles fhafl be confirmed and regift ered according to the directions of this ad, fball and may appoint a treafurer, who fltall give fuch feenrity as is hereby directed, and that fuch treafurer fo appointed fball be fubjeCl to account for the funds belonging to fuch inftitution, and the fame (hall be veiled in fuch treafurer, and fuch treafurer Jhbll foe and be fued in fuch manner as is hereby dheded ; and that all powers, authorities, rules, methods,' directions, regulations, provifions, conditions, and reftri&ions, in this ad contained, fo far as the fame relate to the appointment of treafurers, or to taking fecurity froth fuch treafurer, and for protecting, fecuring, or recovering the funds veiled in fuch treafurer, Ihall be extended to all and every the inflitutions already eftablilhed for the purpofes herein before mentioned, and all fuch inftitutions (hall have. and enjoy, and be entitled unto the benefit of this ad, with relation to the feveral matters before mentioned, as fully and cffeduaDy as any focicty to be eftablilhed by virtue of this ad.

XX.	And be it further enaded, That if any fuch fo- * dety (hall hare laid out any of its money on fecurities by mortgage, fuch money may be fued for and recovered by the perfon or perfons who (hall, under the provifions of this ad, be authorised to fue for any debts due to fuch fo-ciety.

XXI.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore-laid, That this ad (hall be deemed a publick ad, and be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juft ices, and other perfons whomfoever, without the fame being fpfc-dally pleaded.

CHAR

Tie tiintjflxtk Tear of George HI.

CHAP. LIX.

Aje A3 for improving and ripairing the Road kodfxg from Dublin tp Navan, and for repealing the feveral J+Ofmf heretofore made relating to the faid Road

WHEREAS the federal l*wa now in being, and heretofore made. Sot repairing and keeping i i repair the road leading f/pm the city of Dublin, to the town of Navan, ip the county of Meath, have been fonud by experience to be ineffectual, and it is expedient that tine tame be repealed, and one law made for the better effecting the gurpofep thereby intended : be it enacted by thf Ring’s m H excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent ot-the lords ipiritual and temporal, apd commons in this pre-fpnt Parliament aflemblcd, and by the authority of the lame, *£hat from and alter the twenty-fourth day of June next, the (aid feveral laws fo heretofore made, and now in being, relating to the faid road, leading from the city of Dublin to the town of Navan aforefaid, in the county of Meath, and all and every the powers, authorities, articles, rules,

Snaltief and clpufes therein contained, eptoept fuck parts erepf refpeftively, as Repeal the fe venal aft a therein icftt-q4, be, and the fctp© af.e hereby repealed, and made null and void*

II, And be it enafted by the apthprity aforefaid, That the earl of Meath, earl of Beftive, earl of Ludlow, cavi of Weil meat h, carl of Fingal, earl of Cavan, qad of Gra-nard, earl of Darnley, eaij of Lanefrprough, earl of Mprpipgton, earl of Bellamont, earl of Rofs, ear) of Lqng-fprd, earl of Farpham, earl of Eonifkillen, earl of Erne, wl of Ely, lords vifcopnt Boyne, Longford, Behoove, Copyngham, Maxwell, Cole, bifhpps of Meath, Eilmore, Clogher, lord Triipbleftown, lord Dunlany, lord Sunderland, Thomas Blith, honourable Nathaniel Francis Burton, Philip Barry, efquire, Charles Barry, efquirc, Thomas Jtany, efquire, honourable Edward Brabazon, efquire,. Dixie Coddington, efquire, Henry Coddjngton, efquire, Rt. hpn. William Copyngham, William Colville, efquire^ Henry Cope, efquire, Chrifljan Cufack, efquire, baron PiUoo, John Dillon, efquire, Thomas Eperard, efquire, Frederick John Falkper, efquire, John Forbes, efquire, light honourable John Falter, John Finlay, efquire, William Finlay, efq; Hamilton Gorges, efquire, John Fay, efquire, reverend George Lambert, Guftavus Lambert, efq; honourable baron Metge, Henry Maxwell, efquire,

John

/

49$ A . D.

Former laws repealed.

Commiffion-

era.

Digitized by CjOOQle

A. D.	John Maxwell, efquire, John Metgc, efquire, Brabaxcm I

1)964	Morris, efquire, reverend dean Moore, James Nangle, ef-

Chap* 59.	quire, Mervin Pratt, efquire, Jofcph Prfcfton, efquire, re-

^ - y-«	verend Arthur Preilon, John Prefton, efquire, John Rux-

ton, efquire, Thomas Reilly, efquire, Morris N cilia gan,

M. D. Daniel Thompfon, efquire, John Toler, efquire, Skeffington Thompfon, efquire, Thomas Warren, efquire, Thomas Pepper, efquire, William'Rowley, efquire. Clotworthy Rowley, efquire, William Waller, efquire, Robert Waller, efquire, Robert Wade, efquire, John Wade, efquire, William Wall, efquire, Henry Wood, efquire, John Ward, efquire, John Young, efquire, Michael Daniel, efquire, Thomas Burgh, efquire, William Broome, efquire, William Cope, efquire, John Binns, efquire, Robert Deey, efquire, Henry Stephens Reilly, efquire, John White, efquire, reverend Henry Prelton, Chriftopher A. Nicholfon, Charles Drake Dillon, the reverend Henry Thomas Preflon, reverend William Elliott, honourable and reverend Edward Taylor, honourable and reverend Michael Bourke, reverend Richard Fiflier, fir Francis Hopkins, baronet, James Hamilton, fir Francis Lowndes, the reverend Charles Roberts, Thomas O’Reilly, fir Thomas Rothwell, the honourable Clot woi thy Taylor, and John Supple, be, and they arc hereby appointed commiffioners of the faid road, commencing at that part of Stoncy-batter, in the city of Dublin, which is interfered by the circular road, and ending at the entrance, leading into the fouth-end of the town of Navan, in the county of Meath, and the fevcral perfons heretofore named, appointed, or clefted truftees, in or by virtue of the former afts, or of any of them fo hereby repealed, and who are not hepeby appointed commiffioners, (hall henceforth ceafe to be truftees for repairing the faid r6ad; provided neverthelefs, that nothing herein contained (hall de-ftroy or diminifh fuch fccuritiea or contrafts as have been heretofore pafled, for money due to the faid truftees of the laid road, and which are hereby declared to be, and are veiled in the faid laft named commiffioners for the purpofc of carrying this prefent aft into execution, with all the like remedies and powers for recovery thereof, as were vetted in the faid former truftees 5 or to deftroy or diminith fuch fecurities, contrafts, or other engagements, as have been hcietofore pafled or entered into, and which now remain aftually due by the faid former truftees, to the credi. tors or perfons entitled thereto, and who (hall have all and ' every the like remedies and powers of recovering fuch fum or fums ps (hall be, and appear really and Iona fie due, up~ uu the foot thereof refpeftively, (fave only fo far as herein

after

“\

Digitized by L.ooQle

The thirty fxtb Tear of George III.	^

after particularly excepted) in Kke* manner as-if the (hid A. D. former laws were (101 in being; and unrepealed.	1796.

III. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That Chap* 59. all and every the fum and furtit of money now due, or in V— the hands of any perfon whatsoever, arifing from the tolls • M<°ff7 of the faid road, Shall, fiom and after the pafling of this aft, be, and are hereby vetted in, and (hall belong to the commiflioners herein named, and their fucceffors, and ac* cordingly (hall be paid overdo them, or fuch perfon as they or any five of them (hall lawfully authorize to receive the fame; and the fame, when fo received, (hall be by them applied to and for the purpofe of defraying the expcnces of patting this aft, and of carrying the fame into execution, in manner as herein after particularly declared and* mentioned.

. IV. And be it enafted, That in cafe of default of pay- 0n tQ

ment, within one month after demand in writing, to be pay owcr

figned by any five of the faid commifiioners, it (hall and &<., as herein*

may be lawful for the faid commiflioners to file for, arid

recover, and accordingly they lhall be entitled to recover

from the perfon or perfons indebted, or with-holding fuch

fum or fums as (hall appear and be proved to be in their

hands, and which had belonged to,*or was, or were, before

the palling of this aft, fubjeft to the order or direftion of

faid former truflecs, or which (hall be remaining in the

hands of fuch perfon or perfons, although the fame had

been by any former aft, or by any order of the faid truf-

tces otherwife direfted or appropriated, in cafe fuch fum

or fums (hall not, before the palling of this aft, have been

aftually and bona fide applied, in purfuance of any former

aft or order concerning the fame; and that the fum or

fums fo to be fued for and recovered, (hall be awarded,

with intereft thereon, from one month after fuch previous

demand, at the rate of fix pounds by the hundred, by the

year, together with the full colls and charges attending nil

fuch proceedings which (hall be bad or taken whether in law

'or equity, for recovery thereof.

V. Aiid be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That pirfl nutting the faid commiflioners (hall aflcmble between the hours of ^hsrc-la. twelve and two o’clock in the afternoon, on the firtt Tuef-day after pafling this aft, at the Parliatnent-houfe, in the city of Dublin ; or in cafe of failure ther^f, on the Tucf-day next fucceeding, or on any future Tuefday, and that five commiflioners lhall be neceflary to conttitute a meeting of the faid commiflioners, and that the aft of the majority of five commiflioners, (hall be the aft of, and binding up« on the faid commiflioners 5 and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid cooimiflioncis to adjourn any meeting

from

i

Digitized by*

Google

When com-nriffi oner* die or •efign, 3 to meet and ck& othexa, at herein.

5 com «ufH oner* to be a board.

A treafnrer and regiflcr at 6ol.perann.ficc.'

T7* thirty fixth Year of George 111.

from time to time, and from place to place, contiguous to, or convenient to the faid road.

VL And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That whenever any of the faid commiflioners herein appointed by name, or of their fucoeflbrs* (hall happen to (be or refign, it (hall be lawful for the remaining commifikmeie, or any five or more of them, on the firft Tuesday in aay month, to eleft a perfon to be a commiffioner in his Head, and ib from time to time during the continuance of this aft, as often as a vacancy (hall happen by the death or refignation of any perfon. io chofen : provided oevecthdefr, that previous to fuch election, after fitch vacancy hath been declared by the faid commiflioners, or any five or more* of them, at fiich meeting ai aforefaid, there (hall be fourteen days notice of the time and place to be thereby appointed for holding any eleftion upon any vacancy of fiich commiflioners as aforefaid, figned by the regiRer of the (aid commiflioners, and to be publilhed in one or more of the moil publick newfpapers of Dublin, and a copy thereof to be ferved at the place of refidence of every com-miflioner, at lead three days previous to the day appointed for fuch meeting ; and provided that fuch eleftion after fuch notice given as aforefaid, (hall be had within the city of Dublin, if to be held between the firft day of November, and firft day of June, or within the town of JNavan, if to be held between the firft day of June, and firft day of November, in any year; at which places refpeftively, all boards (hall be held according to the periods or feafoo of the year when the fame (hall be convened.

VII.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That all afts to be done by the faid commiflioners, or any five or more of them, or any majority of five or more of them, under the authority of this aft, (hall be done and tranfafted only at meetings or boards to be fummoned and convened at the places,' and within or according to the periods, and in manner as herein before directed.

VIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid commiffionefs, or any five or more of them, (hall at their firft meeting, after the palling of this aft, or at any fubfequent meeting to be had, appoint an officer who (hall aft as treafurer and regifter, at a yearly fa-lary, not exceeding fixty pounds fterling, and who (hall give notice of, and attend at all meetings of the faid commiffioa-ers, and take down an entry of their proceedings, in a journal to be for that purpofe kept; and a]fo appoint two or more perfons to be and aft as fupervifors of the laid road, to be divided into two divifions, in manner as herein after mentioned, at fuch friary or frlaricf a? the laid, esuamiffioo-

en

Digitized by v^ooQle

The thirtyfixth Year of George III.

ers (hall think fit, not exceeding in and for any divifion* the yearly fum of forty (hillings fer mile, for fuperintending the repaint of faid road: provided neverthelefs, that the laid treafurer fo to be elefted, (hall, from time to time, pay into the bank of fir William Gleadowe Newcomen, baronet, and company, or into fuch other bank as the faid commiffi-oners (hall appoint, all and every film and fums of money exceeding the fum of fifty pounds fterling, which (hall come to his hands, in virtue of his faid appointment.

IX.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore-faid, That all fum and fums fo to be depofited in the faid bank, (hall be fubjeft only to be drawn out by the order of

' the chairman of the faid commifiioners, at one of their pub-lick boards, and to be counterfigned by the faid treafurer ; and fqch fums (hall be fo drawn out only in virtue of, and in purfuance of any order made at fuch publick board, for every fum which (hall be at fuch board direfted to be paid and applied in carrying the purpofes of this aft into execution ; and that the proceedings of every board (hall be fign-ed by the chairman thereof.

X.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That every fupervifor who (hall be chofen and appointed by the faid commilfioners, purfuant to this aft, (hall previous to his afting as fuch, take and fubferibe an oath in the words following, and which oath any of the faid commifiioners is hereby empowered to adminifter.

I A. B. do folemnly fweary that I will diligently and honejlly execute the office of a fupervifor of fuch part of the road from Dublin to Navan, as Jhall be committed to my care ; and that I willy according to the bejl of my Jkilt and Knowledge, execute all lawful orders given to me by the commtffioncrs of the faid road i and that twill, when called upon by the faid comnujfvm-■ersy or any of them, account for all money which Jhall be con-juled i/iy or be received by me9 in virtue of, and for the purpofe of carrying this ad into execution.

XI.	And be it further enafted bv the authority aforefaid. That each fupervifor fo to be elefted in virtue of this aft, (hall attend, and fee that all orders and works direfted and ordered by the faid commiflioners, be properly executed and performed, and (hall make returns and reports when required, from time to time, to the faid commifiioners fuperintending his particular did rift, of the (late, nature, and circutnftances of that part of faid road; and (hall remove all nuifances, encroachments and obftruftions thereon ; and (hall fuper-intend all workmen and labourers working and labouring on the faid road, and pay them their wages, but Jfubjeft to

VOL. X.	I i	thC

497 A. D.

1796-Chap. 59.

T6 be drawn out by drafts figned, Stc.

Supervifort to take an oath.

Oath.

Suptrvifor’s

duty.

Digitized by v^ooQle

Superviion to return a ftatc of road, Ac.

Yhrir power to repair fudden breaches, Ac. as herein.

$ eOnimiflion-ers to parcel out roiri in lots, Ac. as hcicin.

The thirtjjxtb TeoffQtorgt III.

the order of fald. commiflioners, and each fupervifor fliall keep a book containing a journal of his own proceedings, and (hall attend all meetings of the faid commillioners, if fo required.

XII.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore-faid, That every perfon appointed fupervifor of the road, in cither of the fatd divifions herein after mentioned, (hall* when and as often as thereunto requircd9 return, to the faid commiflioners, an account on oath of the (late of the road, the condud of the gate-keepers, and overfeers, workmen and labourers* fo far as the fame (hall have fallen >yithfn his observation; whether the tickets given to cars, carts, or other carriages, palling through any of the pay-gates thereon, which he has examined, have been conformable to this ad, or wherein they have differed, what nuifances, encroachments, or offences, againit tbis ad he has found or obferved, feipediog the faid road, what fteps he has taken, to remove or remedy them, what penalties he has levied, and the feveral days on which he has infpeded the faid road, and what part thereof he has infpeded on each day.

XIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore* faid. That every fupervifor (hall have power to repair any fudden breaches or holes which he may obferve in any part of faid road, firft receiving an order for the purpofe, (toiti and under the hand of any two commiflioners, having the fuperintendance of that part of faid road, within his diftrid as aforefaid j and the expence thereof, not exceeding fifty (hillings, (hall he laid before the commiflioners at their next meeting, and upon his making oath of the expenditure, and fpecifying the particulars thereof, they, or any five or more of them, may .order the faid expences to be paid by the treafurer.

XIV.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, for the more fpeedy effeding the making and repairing of all and every part of the laid road, it (hall be lawful for the faid commiflioners, or any nine of tbcm, at their faid firft meeting, or at the next, or any further adjournment thereof, to parcel out the faid road from Dublin to Navan, in lots or diftrids of not lefs than one mile, or more than four miles in each lot, and to nominate, choofe, and appoint from amongft the whole number of commillioners heiein before named, two or more commillioners who (hall be willing and dcfir.jus, or to whom it may feem convenient to fuperintend and manage a given diftrid of, or proportion of (aid road, fo parcelled out in lots as aforefaid, and to whom the faid funervifors (hall refort from time to time for inftructions, in relpect to the making and repairing the fame, fuhject however to the controiu or ordet of the commimoners at

larger

Digitized by LjOOQle

The thirtyjixth Tear of George III.

large, or any three or more of them, at any board duly af-fembled, to whom the commiffioners fo appointed for fpeci-ally fuperintending the repairs bf each lot or diftiift, {hall make report, from time to time, when required, of the ftate and condition thereof, and of the condu& of any fupervifor etiployed in fuperintending the fame; and in cafe of negledfc of duty or difobedicnce of orders by any fupervifor, it {hall be lawful for any two or more commiffioners, fo appointed to the care of his diftridt, to fufpend fuch fupervifor, and ap* point another in his dead, until the matter of' complaint fhould be inveftigated at the next public board; provided, ne-verthelefs, that it (hall be lawful foi the faid commiffioners at large, or any three of them, at fuch publick board, or at any adjournment thereof, to hear and determine on the condu& of fuch fupervifor, and to a&,as to them {hall feem meet.

XV.	And whereas the faid road from Dublin to Navan, was heretofore divided into two parts, and it is found by experience that the fame fhould be fo continued, be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That the faid road (hall accordingly be, and the fame is hereby divided into two parts or into 2 divifion* diftricts, as follows, that is to fay, that fo much of the faid therein, road as lies between and reaches from Stoney-batter, and commencing at the part interfected by the circular road, to

the fouth fide of the houfe called the Black-bull-inn, adjoining the turn of the road leading to Trim, fhall hereafter be . known and diftinguifhed by the name of the Southern, or Firft Divifion of the faid road; and fo much thereof as reaches from the fouth-fide of faid Black-bull-inn, at the end of faid firft or Southern Divifion, to the entrance leading into the fouth end of the town of Navan, aforefaid, (hall hereafter be diftinguifhed and known by the name of the Northern or Second Divifion of the faid road. '

XVI.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That Commiffioners, from and after the faid twenty-fourth day of June next, it &c. may caufe * fhall and may be lawful for the faid commiffioners, or any following tolls five or more of#them, to eftablifh or ere&, or caule to be to colleAcd eftablifhed or ereded, one or more pay-gate or pay-gates, at

upon and acrofs any part or parts of the faid road, and to build, hire or rent a toll-houfe, convenient to every fuch gate, and to demand and take, iii each of the faid divifions, by fuch perfon or perfons, or their deputies, colledora or gate-keepers, as they or any five or more of them (hall authorize fo to do, in lieu of the tolls heretofore collcded at the feveral gates on the faid road, in virtue of the faid former ads, the following tolls at every fuch gate, before any bead or carriage {hall b# permitted to go through the fame, that is to fay, for every coach, landau, chariot, chaife, phaeton, cabriolet, curricle, or chair, if drawn by fix hones or I i Z	other

Road divided

Digitized by

Google

ConmiiflRoncrs fnaf vary tolls, See.

The thirtyftxth Year of George III.

other beads, or by more than fix, the fum of two (hillings a id eight pence halfpenny ; if drawn by four or five hories or other beads, the fum of two (hillings and two-pence ; if drawn by two or three horfes, or other beads, the fum of one (hilling and one penny; and if drawn by one horfe or other bead, only, the fum of (ix-pence halfpenny ; for eve-ry waggon, wain, dray, cart, car, or other carriage not herein before charged, if the dreaks or (hoeing of the wheels thereof (hall be fet on with counterfunk flat-headed nails, bolts, or ferews, and (hall be four inches or more in breadth, the fum of one penny for every horfe or bead drawing the fame 5 and if the dreaks or (hoeing of the wheels thereof (hall be fet on in like manner, and (hall be lefs than four inches, but not lefs than three inches in breadth, the fum of one penny halfpenny for every horfe or other bead drawing the fame ; and if the dreaks or flioeing of the wheels thereof (hall be fet on in like manner, and (hall be lefs than three inches in breadth, the fum of three pence for every horfe or other bead drawing the fame; and if the ftreaks or (hoeing of the wheels of any fucli cai riage (hall be fet on with high or fpring-headed nails, bolts or ferews, or with any nails, bolts or ferews not being counterfunk and flat-headea, the fum of three-pence for every horfe or bead drawing the fame 5 for every horfe, mare or gelding, afs or mule, or unloadcn, the fum of one penny halfpenny; for every drove of oxen, cows, or neat cattle, the fum of two {hillings and fix-pence by the fcorc, and fo in proportion for any greater or lets number ; for ever}' drove of calves, (heep, lambs or pigs, the fum of one (lulling and three-pence by the fcorc, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs number ; provided always, that for every car whofe wheels, however narrow they may be, (hall be formed and put ©n fo as to turn round the axle-tree, and whofe axk-tree (hall be fixed fo as net to turn round with the wheels, the fum of one penny only, and no more, (hall be demanded or taken at any fnch gate, for each horfe or other bead drawing the fame, if the ftreaks or (hoeing of fuch wheels be fet on with countei-funk (lat-hcadcd nails, bolts or ferews.

XVII.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore-faid, That it (hall be lawful for the faid commiflioncrs, or any nine of them, at a board to be for thatpuryofe held, to vary the toll herein before mentioned, by dimimfliing the fame, in cafe they (hall fee (it and expedient fo to do ; provided neverthelefs, that fuch diminution (hall not be made to take place without -the content in writing, of the leflee or farmer of the tulk of the faid road, in erne the fame (hall then be in leafe,

XVIII.

The thirty-Jixth Tear of George III.

5*i

XVIII.	And, be it further ena&ed, That it (hall bf law- A. P. ful for any fiye commifljoners of the faid road, to alter the 179& fituation of any of the faid pay-gates, within fuch diftri&s Chap. 59* of the faid road, and to add fuch other payrgates upon and

acrofs any part of the prefent line of faid road, or of any Commiffioner*

new line of faid road, or upon and acrofs any part of the nuy alter fcice

fame, or on the fide of the faid prefent, or of any pew of

line of faid road, acrofs any lane or way leading out of wherein**

either of the faid lines of road, within fuch diftri&, and	*

to build, hire, or rent a toll-haufr for every fuch gate, and

there to demand and recciye by fijeh perfpn pr perfons as

they (hall authorize thereto, fuch tolls as are appointed by

this a& to be taken at any gate, within fuch diftri& of the

faid road ; and that every' fuch gate (hall be deemed a payr

gate 5 provided always, that no gate (hall be erpfted acrofs

any lane leading into the faid |*o»4> or aprof$ the faid roaif,

fo as to intercept the communication between any t\vo roads

repaired by prefentment, where the faid road, fo repaired

by prefentment, (hall lead into the faid turnpike road, opp

fite to, or within forty perches of each othef.

XIX.	And be it further enabled, That no paflenger qr Nopim-ayrr paffengers, with the fame cattle and carriage, (hall be liable to pay more than to pay any of the fajd tolls aforefaid, more than once in once, &c. a* the fam? day, within the fame divifion, but tl\at every paf- herein, fpnger or paffengers having paid fuch toll once in any one

diviiion, may, during the remainder of the fame day, every fuch day to be computed from twelve p’plock at night, to twelve o’clock the fucceeding night, pafs and repafs toll free through every pqy-gate in the feme diviiion, with the fame cattle and carriage for which fuch toll (hall havp been paid, on producing a ticket denoting the payment of fuch toll, and containing fuch othet matters as are herein required re-fpedling the fame ; which ticket every colleftor is required to give gratis, on receiving the toll, upon pain of forfeiting five (hillings for evevy pmiflion or refufal, upon conviction, before any juftjee of the peace of the county in which the pffence (hall be committed, or before any of the faid conj^ miffiontrs, every of whom ate hereby authorized to examine into the fame, and admimllpr oaths for that purpofe; provided always, nevertbelefsj that any other paflenger or pof-fengers, travelling with the fame cattle or carriage, which Hath been fo charged as aforefaid, fli^ll be liable to, and accordingly be charged the likp toll as herein before mentioned, with the fame cattle or carriage, notwithftanding toll had been before paid for the ("arPe cattle or carriage by Other paflenger or paffengers within the fame divifion, in the fame day ; it being the true intent and meaning hereof, each and eyery perfpn and perfons travelling in carriage-

Digitized by Google

5o*

A. D.

1796. Chap. 59.

Hrfufinfr to

* j-.iv fn!! to be

PeHhn* forcibly pa fling, without paving toll, fire, (hall forfeit 10I.



The tUrtjfxtb Tear of George III.

(hall contribute to, and be liable to defray the expcnce of repairing and keeping in repair the (aid turnpike road ; provided alfo, that fuch cattle or carriages, fo before charged with the payment of toll, in the fame divifion, in any one day, (hall not on returning with the fame paiTenger or paf-fengers, or without any paffengcr or paffengers, be liable to the payment of any further or other toll thao as afore* faid.

XX.	And be it further enaAed by the authority afore-faid, That if any perfon (hall refufe to pay the toll payable hy him or her, in virtue of this aA, it (hall be lawful for the colleAor thereof, or pcjfon aAing as fuch, to levy the fame by diftreff of the horfe or horfes, or other bead or beads, carriage or carriages, upon which the toll is by this aA impofed, or upon the goods or chattels of the perfon or perlons who ought to pay the fame 5 and fuch horfe or horfes, or other bead or beads, carriage or carriages, or goods and chattels, may be detained until fuch toll (hail be paid, with the rcafonable charges of fuch diftrefs 5 and if the lame (hall not be paid within four days, it (hall be lawful for the colleAor, or perfon aAing as fudi, to fell the fame by publick auAion, at any time after the expiration of the faid four days, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner, on demand, after payment of the faid toll, and the full expeoce of fuch didrefs and fale.

XXI.	And be it further enaAed by the authority afore-faid, That if any perfon or perfons (hall forcibly or wilfully go or pafs with any horfe, bead, or carriage, through any pay-gate on the faid road, without paying the toll by this aA required, or producing q proper ticket as aforeiaid, at fuch pay-gate, or (hall knowingly or defignedly affault, interrupt, or obdruA any of the colleAors pr perfons employed in col-leAing or receiving any pf the faid tolls, or in any other manner, in the execution of hir. or their employment of receiver or colleAor, or (hall injure any gate or toll-houfe, pr any globes or lamps, or any lid of tolls, or other abdraA from this aA, or from the proceedings of the commiflioncrs aAing thereunder, which (hall he ereAcd or placed upon or near any fuch gate, or toll-houfe, or (hall affault, obdruA, or interrupt any ovtrfeer aAing under, and in the execution of any part of this aA, or (hall forge, counterfeit, «r alter, or (hall deliver to, or receive from any other perfon or perfons, any note or ticket, with an intent to avoid the payment of any of the faid tolls, pr any part thereof, every perfon fo offending, being conviAed thereof, by the oath of one credible witnels, before any judice of the peace, or any comjrnflioner of the faid road, (hall for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds ; and it (hall be lawful

for

Digitized by v^ooQle

The thirtyJlxth Year of George III.

for every colle&or, or perfon adding as fuch, and all and every other perfon and perfons by him required to aflift in ? hat refpeCt, to feize any horfe or horfes, or other beaft br beads, carriage or carnages, with all goods thereon, and the driver or drivers, attendant dr attendant? thereof, and to bring them before any iuftice o| the peace, or commiflioncr of the faid road, who is hereby required to enquire into fuch offence ; and if upon conviction before fuch judice or com* piiflioner, upon the oath of any one credible wilnefs, the party or parties complained of (hall not pay fuch penalty, together with the tolls that (hall be due, it (hall be lawful for fuch judice or commiflioner, and he is hereby required by Warrant under his hand and feal, to paufe the horfe or horfes, Or other head or beads, carriage or carriages, or goods fo didrained, to be fold for payment of the faul tolls and penab ties, and the charges of feizing and keeping the fame, and of fuch ale, rendering the overplus, if any, upon demand^ to the owner or owners of the fame, or to the perfon or per-fons under whofe care, pr in whole poflefGon the fame refpec-tively was or were, when fo feized as aforefaid; and if no fufficient didrefg fhall have been feized, to commit fuch owner or owners, or other perfon or perfons, to the common

faol, there to remain without bail or majnprize, qnti^ fuch nes and penalties, tolls and charges be paid.

XXII.	A»d be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That every ticket to he given as aforefaid, by any collector for any carriage which is fubjeCt to different tolls, (hall truly fpecify the fum received, the date of the day, and of the month and year, whereon fuch payment is made, and the p umber of horfes or other'beafts drawing the faid carriage j and if any ticket fhall not truly fpecify the fame, the collector of the toll of the gate where fuch ticket fhall have been given, (hall forfeit the him of twenty (hilling? for every fuefy offence, upon conviction, by the oath of one credible wit-nefs, before any judice of the peace, or one of the commiffw oners aforefaid j and in cafe of not paying the feme immediately, (hall be committed, by warrant under the hand and feal of, fuck judice or pommiflloner, to tl\c common gaol^ pr houfe of correction, there to be kept to hard labour, for the fpace of one month, or until th$ faid fine fhall hp paid.

XXIIT. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That every collector, or perfon aCting as fuch, fhall have power to detain at any pay-gate, every car, cart, or other carriage, whereon the toll varies according to the breadth of the ftreaks, or (hoeing of the wheels, and tc^ pcafure the fame $ aud every commif^opet (hall have the like.

Eveiy ticket to fpecify fuiv\ received, and date.

Colleam; to mcafurc wheelp.

Digitized by v^ooQle

Owners of ground permit* ting porloim to pais to avoid toll, forfeit 204.

If eolle<Oor permit perform to pals free,

6cc he fl ail for. fcitil.

The thirty-Jixtb Tear §f George III.

power to (lop and meafure the whcelg of every fuch car or carriage, at each and every gate on any part of the faid road ; and if any driver or other perfon, fhall hinder or re-fufc to permit fuch colle&or or other perfon, to meafurt the wheels of any fu«h carriage, and fhall be convi&cd thereof, upon the oath of one credible witnefs, before any juftice of the peace for the county wherein fuch offence fhall be committed, or before one of the faid commiffioners, every fuch perfon fo offending, fhall forfeit the fum of twenty fhillings, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of his, her, or their car, or other carriage, and the horfc or horfe9, or other beads drawing the fame, and the goods thereon, by yvarrant under the hand and feal of fuch juftice or commifTioner, rendering the' overplus, if any, after deducing the faid fine, and the ex-pencea of fuch dill refs and fale, to the owners on dc^ inand.

XX TV. And be it further enn&ed by the authority afore-laid, That if any perfon or perfons owning, renting, or occupying any land near unto any pay-gate, eftablifhed or ere&ed, or to be ere&ed, in purfuahee of this ati, fhaU for gain, reward, or otherwife, knowingly or willingly permit any perfon or perfons whatfoever, to paf* through any gate, pafTage, or way, with any horfe, beaft, cuttle or carriage, liable to toll, on pafTing through any gate on the faid road, to avoid the payment of the faid toll nerrby appointed to be. paid, and be thereof convi&cd upon the oath of any one credible witnefs, before any commilfioner or juftice of the peace of the county wherein fuch offence fhall be committed, every fuch perfon (hall forfeit the fum of twenty fhillings for every luch offence, to be levied by dill refs and fale of the goods and chattels of fuch offender, by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch juftice or commifTioner, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner, after dedu&ing the faid forfeiture, and the charges in taking and difpofmg of the faid goods.

XXV. And be it further cna&ed by the authority afore-faid. That if any colieClor, or toll-gatherer, whether appointed by the faid commifTioners, or by any perfon or persons taking any alignment of the tolls under or from the laid commiffioners, or any five of them, fhall, without an order in writing, figned by the faid' commiffioners, or any five of them, or by the pet (bn or perfons taking fuch alignment, permit any carriage, horfe, or heart, whatfoever, to pafs through any gate, without payment of the toll, payable for the fame, by virtue of this or without a proper certificate directed as afprefaid, being produced therewith, and fhall omit to (dec fuch car, carriage or beaft, or delay fo proceed to have the penalties levied as the

law

Digitized by v^ooQle

The thirtyfixth Tear of George III.

Jaw direfls for fuch offence, or {hall omit to detain any carf cart, or other carriage, and prevent the palling through the faid gate, after notice fhaff be given to him that the driver thereof has obftru&ed the execution of this a& in any rc*r fpe6l; every perfon fo offending, fhall, upon' conviction thereof, by any one joffice of the peace, or compiiffioner, forfeit the fum of five pounds, and on non-payment thereof, (hall be committed, by warrant, under the hand and foil of a juftice of the peace of the county, where fuch offence {hall have been committed, or any one of the faid commiflioners, to the common gaol, or houfe of correction, there to remain without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding three months, or until the faid fine be paid.

XXVI.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore-faid, That the faid commiflioners, or any five or more of them, fhall out of the firft monies which fhall be vefted in pcnces of adL the faid commiffioners, or out of the tolls that fhall, in

virtue of this a&, be received at the feveral gates, pay all ncceffary expences incurred, in obtaining and carrying this aCt into execution.

XXVII.	And be it further ena&ed, That every perfon Comtnifljon.

appointed by any five or more of the faid commiffiouers, to	cin~

make, or, to gravel, repair, or fuperintend the faid road, or

any part thereof, or he or they by fuch perfon or perfons Vcif 5^ for that purpofe employed, fhall have fall power and authority to dig for, fcarch, raife, and carry away any gravel.

Hones, fand, or other materials which may be want-' ed for the ufe of the faid road, and to make drains, in order to carry off >vatcr from, or prevent its injuring the faid road, on or through the lands of any perfon, not being a deer-park, orchard’, haggard, yard, planted lawn, or avenue to a manfion-houfe 5 and that every fuch perfon fo appointed fhall make fatisfa&ion to the owners or occupiers of the land, for the damage that may be done thereby, either by private coirtpaft, after fuch damage fhall have been fuflaincd, or in cafe of difagreement, then the fame fhall be affeffed by three fubftantial houfe*holders of the county wherein fuch damage fhall have been done, one to be named by each of the parties, and the third by the next, or any neighbouring jtiffice of peace, or by any commiffioner afting under this ad ; which perfons fo to be nominated, fhall be fworn by filch juftice of the peace or commiffioner, to be appraifers of -iuch damages, and to make a true eftiinate thereof to the beft of their fit ill.

XXVIII.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, if perfons ob-That if any perfon fhall obftrtnft, or prevent the faid com- flrn<St in taking piiffioners, or any perfon a&ing under tlieir authority, in

digging 3

Commiflioners may out of

tnlU nav

Digitized by v^ooQle

Jo6

A. R,

Ferfons turning water on void, Scc.o# «lein£ other ^juries, 6tc. pc-ruitj 5L

The thhrlj'Jixtb Ytar •/ Georg? III.

digging for, railing, or carrying away fuch materials, or In making fuch drains,* fuch perfon (hall, upon convi&ion, by the oath of one credible witnefs, before any one juft ice of the peace of the county in which (foch offence (hall have been committed, or before any one of the commiflionen of the faid road, forfeit for every fuch offence, a firm not ex* ceeding five pounds, to be levied together with the charges, by did refs and (ale of the goods of the offender, by the warrant of any one fuch juft ice of the pea^eof fuch county, or of any one fuch commidioner,

XXIX.	And whereas great inconvenience has anTen, and the public have been much endangered by water from mill-conrfes, or drains, having been turned upon parts of thq (aid road, from whence there have not been fufficient paffa-ges to carry off fuch water; be it further- enabled. That any perfon who (hall turn upon, or make a way for fuch water to go upon any part of the faid road, or (hall turn any fuch water into the trenches, by the fide of any part of the faid road, without fuch perfon, or fome other per-fon or perfons, having firil made fufficient drain or drains to cany off fuch water, fo that fuch water (hall not injure any part of faid road, or (hall pull out, remove, or injure any part of the foundation, or any other part of any bridge, or fewer, or any wall or fence to any quarry, pit, hole, river, or watcr-courfe, or injure any mile-ftone, or dire&ion-poft, or (hall build any houfe, or part of a houfe, within forty-five feet of the centre of any part of the faid road, or (hall buikl any wall, or make any ditch within thirty-five feet of the centre of any part of the faid road, or (hal( build any wind-mill, within one hundred yards of any part of the faid road, or (hall remove any of the materials which fhall have been ufed for filling any ditch, or any part of any ditch, or (hall deftroy or take down any part of the backs or banks which are or (hall be raifed between any part of the faid road and the drains or trenches on the fide of the faid road, or (hall make or have any way or paflage front the (aid road, into the lands adjoining, without placing a gutter or arch underneath fnch way or paflage, as deep as the drain or ditch over which it is, or (hall be made, and of breadth and heighth, fufficient to allow all water which may at any time be therein, full room to pafs, or (hall burn, or permit, or fuffer to be burned on his or her lands, bricks, lime, or weeds, or vegetable fubftance for allies, within one hundred feet of the centre of faid road, every fuch perfon (hall, for every fuch offence, upon convi&ion thereof, by tire confeflion of the party, or by the oath or pfljrmation of one credible witnefs, befor? any juft ice of the

yeace^

^Digitized by



m+rn



The thirtyfixth Year of George III.	joy

peace, or 'oommiffioner a&ing under the authority of this A. D.

ad, or upon the view of fuch juftice, forfeit the fura of 1796.

five pounds ; and if any perfon (hall keep* or have in his or Chap. J9.

her pofleflion, any ["cur-dog, madiff, or bull-dog, at any

houfe, within fifty yards of the faid road, without a block

of wood, of five pounds weight at the lead, fattened to

the neck of every fuch dog, or (hall winnow, or lay out

for winnowing, any com on the (aid road, or within fifty

feet of the centre thereof, or (hall lay any ftraw, dung,

or rubbiih on the faid road, or (hall ferape the faid road,

or fhall fcour or dig any pit, ditch, or drain, or (hall lay

any turf on the faid road, or (hall leave on any part of the

fame, between enclofurc and endofure, or permit to be left

thereon, oppofite, or near to his or her houfe, any carriage

what foe ver, or any plough or harrow, without the horfe or

horfes, or other bead or beads being hamefied thereto, un-

lefs fuch carriages as being a&ually travelling, and having

perfons in them, or luggage, the property of paffengers,

(hall dop to change horfes, and which (hall not continue more than an hour, or fuch carriage as (hall have been accidentally broken down there, and cannot be removed without repair ; or (hall fet or plant any fored-trec, or the feed of any fuch tree, within fifty feet of the centre of any part of fuch road, or (hall break down or injure any footpath, or ride, lead, or drive any horfe, or other bead, on any part of any foot-path, or injure any horfc-block, or any other thing which (hall be made, ere&ed, or put upon any part of the faid road, for the ufe of the faid road, or for the convenience of travellers ; or if any perfon (hall -fpread out any linen, blanket, or winnow cloth, within one hundred feet of the centre of the faid road, or (hall beat, or dry any flax, or leave any timber, flones, fand, clay, lime, or other matter on the faid road, except for the ufe of the faid road ; or (hall leave, or permit to be left, the carcafe of any horfe or other bead, or (hall (kin the fame, or permit i* to be fkinned on the faid road, or within one hundred yards of the centre thereof, except in a houfe or yard enclofed with walls; or (hall lead or drive any car or carriage with timber, boards, or iron laid acrofs, fo as that either end thereof (hall projeft beyond the wheels or Tides of the carriage, or on which (hall be laid any beams, or piece of timber, or plank, or pieces of plank, above the length of thirteen feet, except on carriages with four wheels, or carts, or the common car* fo placed together, that the beams, or pieceB, or planks, (hall be laid lengthways thereon, or (hall drag any timber or mill-done along part of the (aid road, without being fupported by

wheel#

Digitized by

The thiriyftxth Tear of George IU.

wheels from touching the lame, or (hall ere& any (ign-poft, or any may-pole or may-bufh, on any part, or (hall place or ere& any turf-lteck on any part of the faid road, every per-fon fo offending, fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit a fum not exceeding the fum of twenty (hillings, upoit con-vidion before any juflice of the peace or compuftioner acting in virtue of and under this ad, by the oath of one credible witnefs, or upon the view of fuch juflice or commif-fioner; which penalties and forfeitures (hall be levied, if not paid upon convidion, by diitrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of the offender, by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch juftic^ or commiflioner, returning the overplus thereof, (if any) to the owner.

XXIX.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That all drains and ditches on either fide of the road, com-prized within this ad, fhall be under the controul of the dcr conrroul of" comm‘^oncr8 hereby appointed; and that if any perfou comiinflioners.	fcol,r>	deepen, till or widen any drain or ditch, on

either fide thereof, without an order in writing from three or more of the faid commiflioners, it fhall be lawful for any three of the faid commiflioners, to caufe the fame to be filled up or fcoured, according to their diferetion, and tq levy the expence thereof by dillrefs and fale of the goods qf the perfon fo offending.

Nopcrfoatrt XXX. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid^ make padres That no owner or occupier of any houfe, lands, or pre-Fife'S near or adjoining to any part of the faid road, (hal\ oners un,i< r pe. make any paffage thereto, without two days notice in writing naity of id. #of fuch his intention fo to do, being previoufly given to the fupervifor of that part of faid road; nor (hall fuch paffage be made unlefs a drain of (tones be made under every fuch paffage of the breadth of eighteen inches at leaft, and of the depth of two feet; and in cafe fuch (hall not be made puifuant to the dhedions aforefaid, it (hall be lawful for the faid commiflioners, on report of their fupervifor on oathf to fine the perfon fo offending, in a fum not exceeding ten pounds, the fame to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the of* fender's goods.

All tnrf,	XX	XI. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforc-

. dung, &c <m	faid,	That all turf, dung, dirt, ffraw, rubbifh, ftones, gra-

r»ad forfeited to ve]?	or ljme> which fhall be laid on faid road, (hall be,

commi ouers. an(j j8 hereby declared to be forfeited to the faid commiflioners of the faid road, and to be their foie property, and (hall be. fold by them, or any of them, for the ufe of the faid road, or otherwife difpofed of by them, as they or ary of therq (hall think fit.

Commiflionm,	XXXII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforo-

may fill up	That	£t (hall may ^ lawful for the (aid commit

Inads that mil drains and ditches on road

Digitized by v^ooQle

The thirty fixth Tear of George til.	509

fioriers, or fuch perfon or perfons as (hall be authorized by them, or any five of them, to pull down or fill up and level my wall, drain, or ditch, Which fhall be built or made, or begun to be built or made after the palling of this aft, upon tiny part of the faid road, or within thirty feet of the cen- drain or ditch, tre of the faid road, and to cut down or remove any foreft ** herein, tree which fhall be fet or planted after the palling of this aft, within fifty feet of the centre of any part of the laid road, and to cut down, lop or top bulhes now growing or {landing, or which may hereafter grow or Hand, adjoining to any part of the faid road, or on the hedges, or in the banks thereof, which are or ihall be more than five feet above the level of the faid road, or nearer than forty-fire feet to the centre thereof, and to take and carry away the fame, the owners or occupiers neglefting to cut down fuch branches for twelve days after notice in writing, given, for that pur-pofe under the hand of any magiHrate or commiffioner, and to take up any way or pafiage from the faid road into any field or land adjoining, which may obHruft the free palfage of water, and to remake the fame by building a gutter or fewer or arch therein, at a fufficient depth, and to lcour and clear away all obHruftions which may happen to be made in any drain for carrying away water from the faid road, or for preventing its injuring the fame, and to pull down and remove any fign-poH which (hall be erefted contrary to this aft, firft obtaining a warrant under the hand and feal of any tnagiftrate, or any of the commifiioners for fo doing, and to levy the expence thereof by diftrefs and fale of the goods of the offender, or of the owner or occupier of the land wherein _ fuch way, paffage or drain, or bulhes or branches (hall be, rendering tne overplus, if any, to the owner on demand.

XXXIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority Commiffioner*

aforefaid, That it Ihall and may be lawful for the faid com- P18? Pu0 *,wn miffioners, or fuch perfon or perfons as they or any five or	^on-

more of them Ihall authorize and appoint, to pull down, or trary ^ caufe to be pulled down, any houfe or part of a houfe, or

lime-kiln, which Ihall be built contrary lo this aft, and that the expences of fo doing Ihall be levied off the goods and chattels of the perfon who canfed the fame to be erefted; and that it (hall and may be lawful for any perfon to kill any dog which (hall be kept contrary to this aft, without being fued or profecuted for fo doing.

XXXIV.	And whereas Hones, bricks, and dung or ma-	cj™

nure, frequently fall on the faid road, from the cars on	^

which they are loaden, and are left remaining thereon, to Siay demand *d-the great inconvenience of perfons travelling tne faid road, ditionai toll of be it therefore enafted. That every car that Ihall carry any i*. per car. Hones, bricks, dung, or manure, on the faid road, ifhali be

boarded

A. D.

1796-Chap. 59.

Digitized by Google

Drittri of Cart riding thereon without one to lead, ob-ftvu&ing p»f-ftp, dec. forfeit lot.

sad if owner of car forfeit aos.

The thtrtyjixth Tear of George III.

boarded on the front, Tides, and back thereof, with boards eight inches high at the lead, and that for every car fo loaden, which mall not be boarded in manner aforefaid, it {hall and may be lawful for the gate keepers, at every gate on the faid road, to demand ana take, over and above the other toDs hereby appointed, the fum of one,(hOling for every fuch car, every time it (hall pafg through any of the fkid gates, in like manner, and with the lame remedies upon refufel, as in cafe of any other toll under this ad, payable at any turnpike gate on the faid road ; and the owner or owners of every car loaden as aforefaid, without being1 boarded as aforefaid, (hall for every fuch car forfeit the fum of ten (hillings, upon conviction, on the oath of one credible witnefs, before any judice of the peace within his jurifdic* tion, or any commiffioner ading by virtue of and under this ad, which fum (hall be levied in the manner before directed.

XXXV.	And be it further enaCted, That if any efriver or perion in care of any car, cart, dray or waggon, (fave only fuch as are refpeCtivdy drawn by one horfc only, or by two horfes abreaft, with bridles in their mouths, and conducted or driven by fome perfon holding the reins of fuch bridles) (hall ride upon the lame, on any part of the faid road, not having fome other perfon on foot or on horfeback to guide the fame ; or if the driver or perfon in care of any carriage, (hall, by negligence or wilful mi (behaviour, hinder, obdruCt, or interrupt tne paffage of any other carriage, or any of his Majefty’a fubjeCts on the faid road ; or if the driver or perfon in care of an empty or unloaded car, cart, or other carriage, (hall refufe or neglcCt to turn afide and make way for any coach, chariot, chaifc, loaded waggon, cart, car, dray, or other loaded carriage, every fuch perfon being con-iriCted thereof, by his own confeffion, or by the oath of any •ne credible witnefs, before any judice of the peace, or commiffioner under this ad, (hall for every fuch offence, if fuch offender be not the owner of fuch carriage, forfeit the fum of ten (hillings 5 and if fuch offender (hall be the owner of fuch carriage, he (hall forfeit the fum of twenty fhil-lings; and every fuch offender (hall, upon non-payment thereof, be committed by warrant under the hand and feal of a judice of the peace, or commiffioner, to the gaol or houfe of corredioa bf the county wherein fuch offence (hall* be committed, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one month, or until the faid fine be paid, and every fuch offender or perfon in care of fuch carriage, offending in any of the faid cafes, may, by the authority of this ad, and without any warrant, be apprehended by any perfon who (hall fee fuch offence committed, and be

conveyed

Digitized by L^ooQle

Per font re-

The thirtyfxth Ttar of George III.

conveyed or delivered to a conflable, or other peace officer, to be conveyed before fome jullice of the peace or commiffioner of the faid road.

XXXVI.	And be it further enaded by the authority afbrefaid, That in cafe any perfon or perfons (hall refill or make forcible oppofition agamft any perfon or perfons cm- eolledor, ployed in the due execution of this ad, or (hall afTault any ^ no^rxceed-corfedor of the tolls in the execution of his or their office,

or offices, or (hall make or attempt to make any refeue of than 40s. or cattle, carriage, or other goods diftrained or fetzed by vir- 3 month* im-tue of this ad ; or if any conflable or fab-conftable, (hall prifowacot. refufe or negled to execute any warrant granted by any jullice, or by any commiffioner, pitrfuant to the diredions of this ad, every fuch perfon offending therein, and being convided thereof before any jullice of the peace or com* miflioner, by his or her own confelfion, or by the oath of one credible witnefs, (hall, for every fuch offence forfeit any Turn not exceeding ten pounds, nor lefs than forty (hillings, at the diferetion of fuch jullice or commiffioner; and m cafe the fame (hall not be immediately paid, fuch juftice or comYnflltoner is hereby empowered and required, on conviction before him, to commit fuch offender to the common	«

gaol or houfe of corredion of the county wherein the offence (hall be committed, there to remain for any time not exceeding three months, unlefs the faid forfeiture (hall be fooner paid.

XXXVII. And be it further enaded by the authority All fines, *c. aforefaid, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, impofed (hall be levied for any offence committed againft thin ad, the manner of hy diftref* and levying and applying which is not herein particularly di» ^c* ^c. reded, (hall and may be levied by dillrefs and fale of the

offender’s goods hy warrant under the hand and feal of the commiffioner or juftice before whom the offender (hall be convided, by the oath of one credible witnefs, or on hit or her own confeffion, and in cafe of non-payment thereof, or of any fine or penalty which (hall be impofed by the authority of this ad, the offender (hall be committed by any juftice of the peace of the county wherein the offence (hall have been committed, or any commiffioner ading under this ad, by warrant under his hand and feal, to the common gaol or houfe of corredion of the county where the offence (hall be committed^ there to remain without bail or main-prize, for any time not exceeding three months, or until the faid fine, forfeiture, or penalty be paid ; and every fuch fine, forfeiture, or penalty, when paid, (hall be applied by fuch juftice of the peace, or commiffioner, in rewarding the informer or parties conviding, and the conftables or other perfons affifting, or partly in one and partly in the

other*

Google

C< mniiflioncrs m j*iUiccs empowered toad-■iiaiftcr oath*, Ju.

Wkere oath tx» be taken, a qpnkcx*s affirmation of like pur-

r*~

Ferfbns aggrieved may rc-coui damages.

The prefect or intended line, to be only fub-to this uft.

Power^given

to commiffioners gmi over leer a.

Commiffioners may appoint collectors of toils as herein*

The thirty Jixth Tear of George tit.

other, for the purpofes aforefaid, as to fuch juftfee of thd peace or commiffioner fhall feem proper*

XXXVIII. And be it further enarted by the authority afuiefaid, That every commiffioner or juflice of the peace, (hall have power within his jurifdirtion, to adminiiter all oaths which are hereby required or direrted, or which may be neceflary for the purpofes of this art ; and if any per-fbn (hall take or fubferibe any oath or affirmation, pre-fcribed or empowered to be taken by, or in purfnance of this art, or for the purpofe of carrying this art into execution, and fhall therein wilfully affirm, or fwear faifely, every fuch perfoo fhall, upon convirtion, fuffer the pains and penalties cnarted againil per Tons guilty of wilful and corrupt penury.

JCXXIX. And be it further cnarted by the authority aforefaid, That in all cafes where any oath is preferibed or mentioned in this art, the affirmation of the party, if he or (he be a quakcr, fhall and may be made or taken in the place of fuch oath.

XL. Aud be it further enarted by the authority aforefaid, That when any diflrcfs (hall be made for any fum or fums of money, to be levied by virtue of this art, the dif-trefs ltfelf fhall not be deemed unlawful, nor the party or parties making the fame be deemed a trefpafTer or trefpaflers, on account of any default or want of form in any proceedings relating thereto, nor fhall the party or parties diftrain-ing be deemed a trefpafTer or trcfpaffers, ab-initio, on account of any irregularity which fhall be afterwards done by the party or parties dillraining, but the perfon or perfons aggrieved by fuch irregularity, may recover full fatiafartion for the fptcial damage in an adion on the cafe.

XLI. And be it further enarted, That all and every part of the prefent line of the (aid road, and of any new line of road to be made purfuant to the powers and in Virtue of this art, fhall be within and fubjedt to the powers of this art, and of no other law whatsoever.

XLII. And be it further enarted. That the faid com-miffioners, and each and every overfeer who (ball be appointed by the faid commiffioners, fhall, in refpert to the Lid road, have the like power and authorities as any of the overfeers appointed under any of the laws now in force, or which may be hereafter nude for the amending, repairing, or making the publick roads, now have, or arc, or fhall be entitled to.

XLI II. And be it further enarted by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall be lawful for the laid commiffioners re-fpertively, or any five or more of them, from time to time, to appoint as many collectors as fhall be neceflary for receiving

Digitized by

$be thirtyJixth Tear of Gcorge IIJ;

trig the tolls at the pay-gates which (haU he ere&edt on tbe faid road, at fuch falary or wages, not exceeding the rate of twenty guineas per annum, for each and every collector, and from time to time to remove any collector or collectors, at trill and jfleafure df fuch cornmiflioners* and to appoint bther colledtor or colle6tors in the Head of fuch collector or

Solle&ors fo removed ; and every fuch collector or collector* lall pay the monies by him collected or received to th< treafurer df the faid road, once at lead in every, month, and iw much oftener as he fhall be thereunto required by the faii treafurer, or by arty of the faid cornmiflioners ; and fhall alfo upon oithj if thereilnto required.by any one or more of th^ faid cornmiflioners, which oath any one of the faid cont* fniflioners is hereby empowered to adminilter, give in, front time to time, a true, exa<ft, and perfect account in writing bf all monies by him collected or received by virtue of this *£t, or by reafon of his faid eraployntent; and if any fuch bolle&or fhall refilfe or omit To to do, and fhall thereof bt: fconvi&ed upon the Oath of any one credible witnefs, before any juftice of the peace or commiflicfner acting under this a6t, it fhall be lawful for fueh juftice or comraiflioner, to Commit fuch colle&or to gaol, there to remain without bail br mainprize, until he rtjall give in fuch account upon oath, and pay all fuCh monies as he fhall have received for the faid Cornmiflioners by virtue of this a&.

XL.lV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid cornmiflioners, or any five of them, may, if they think fit, and they are hereby empowered* on fourteen days notice being given, in any two Dublin papers, for that purpofe, to leafe or farm by the year, for any time riot exceeding three years, nor lefs thaii one year, the tolls or any part thereof, by this a6t payable at the pay-gates ort the faid road, to any perfon or petfons* itt or for the largeft yearly fum that can be got by public Cant for the fame ; provided alfo, that no leafe thereof fhall be made before the twenty-fourth day of June, one thou** fartd feven hundred and ninety-eight; provided always, That the agreement be put into writing, and figned by the party taking the fame, and that the money be made payable monthly, and that fufticient fecurity be given for the regular payment thereof, to be previoufly approved of by airy five Or more of the faid cornmiflioners, and that one month be



A. p-

T-96. Chap.

fcomriiilil'>!.<!'( fcmpoweied to Je«4e farm» &c. a*hereitfi

paid in advance, and that every Aich agreement be approved of and figned by five at leafh of the faid commifiionei’s; and provided that no fuch leafe fhall be granted or contracted for* Until after the twenty-fourth.day of June, one thoufand feven Jjundred and ninety-eight.

Vou X*	K	k	XLV#

Digitized by ^-ooQle

5H

A. D.

1^96. GHap. 59

\ ------—

Farmer* of

herein.

place* narrow mod wants widening as herein.

The thirty-jixth Tea? ofGthrge lit.

XLV. And be it further enacted by the authority afefre* faid, That every perfon appointed to receive the tolls* at any pay-gate, on any 6f the divifions of the faid road, by any perfon or perfons taking the fariie, by deed in writing, (hall have all arid fmgular the like powers and authorities, for en-tolls, Src.to have forcing the payment thereof, and be fubje& to, dndugder till like powers as ^ fmgular the like regulations and reftri&ions, as any Colle&ot* appointed by the foid commiflioners of the faid road* cart Or (hall have, or be fubjed to, by virtue of this ad, except as to paying the tolls collcded to the treafurer, and accounting for the fame.

XLVI. And whereas itiany parts of the faid road afc too Hoad hi many Harrow, and require to he Widened* and aifo to have footpaths made. Upon* 6r adjoining the fame, and in many places the laid road might be made (Sorter, and in more dired lines. Or more level, by avoiding hills 5 be it enaded by the authority aforefoid* That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid Commiflioners, or arty five or more of them, to agree with the feveral proprietors, occupiers* and perfons interefted in the feveral lands tenements, buildings* houfts, grounds Or hereditaments rtdjbining fuch parts of the faid road aa (hall require to be widened, altered, or (hortened, for fo fnuch of the faid lands, tenements houfes, buidings grounds. Or hereditaments, as may be neceflary to be added to the faid road ; and the faid commiflioners, or any five or more of them, by and with the confcnt of the occupier of the ground adjoining, or contiguous to the road, or which otherwife may be moft convenient thereto* may afeertain, deferibe* and fet apart fuch part and proportion of the faid lands, as the fold commiffloners or any five or more of them, (hall judge neceflary for carrying the fame in lines more Convenient to travellers, and to fence the fides thereof, and to >	'	open	and	make	the	fame	as and for the high road, and that

the fame (hall accordingly theuceforth be aqd remain- part of the high-way.

Gfon(M taken XLVII. And be It ertadled by the authority aforefaid, for road 1* here- T*hat in every cafe where the commiflioners of the faid road in, foall he fuffh (hall take any ground by agreement, or on valuation, in rrian-*»cnt ctiiietice of ncr as herein after prescribed by this a&, a memorial of the agreement. See. agreement^ whether the fame rfiall be for the, abfolute pufehafe, or for the renting of fuch ground, beiug Signed by the grtCntof or grantors thereof* and by three of the foid commiflioners* and entered in the publick regiftry office for regifieting deeds in this kingdom* and which the foid regifter thereof, or his deputy, Is hereby empowered to receive, (hall be fufficient evidence of fuch agreement,; without the neccf-fity of producing or proring any other writing for the pur* pofc of cAabliflimg the fame fo any court of law or equity >

and

Digitized by v^»ooQle

The thirty ft xth Year, if George III.

5XS

and that in every fuch memorial may be contained as many A. D. agreements as the faid commiflioners fhall think proper to	f 796.

enter into with the perfon or perfons thereby agreeing to de*	Chap. 59.

mlfc or grant any grounds which fhall he neceflary to be pur-	>**/~**-mJt

chafed or rented for the ufe of the faid road : provided ne-▼erthelefs, that any fuch agreement contained in fuch me* morial, fhall be authenticated in like manner as herein be* fore mentioned, by the fignatures of the grantor or grantors thereof refpe&ively, and by three or moie of the commiflioners of faid road.	'

XLVIII. And be it further eaa&ed by the authority aforer {Bodie* politick, faid, That it fhall be lawful for all bodies politick, corpo? &c. may demife rate, or collegiate, corporations aggregate or foie, executors, or ground*, adminiftrators, or guardians, and committee?, or other truf- M tees, not only on behalf of themfelves, but alfo on behalf of cefui qvte trufts, infants, ifTue unborn, lunaticks, idiots, fane coverts, or other perfons, and for all feme coverts feized in their own right, and for all perfons having an ellate for life, with remainder in tail, and for all and every perfon or perfons who are, or fhall be feized, pofleffed of, or intereftr ed in any ground which fhall be neceflary for the purpofe aforefaid, to demife and leafe, or fell and convey the fame tQ * the faid commiflioners, either by private agreement with them, or any five of them, or by valuation of a jury as herein after uire&ed, and ajl leafes, Tales, and conveyances, which fhall be fo made, (hall be valid to all intents and purpofes, any law, flatute, or ufage, or any other fnatter oy thing whatfoever, to the contrary thereof in any wife not* withftanding; and all feoffees in tmft, executors, adminiftrators, guardians, committees, or truftees, corporations aggregate or foie, and all other perfons are, apd fhall b< hereby indemnified for what they fhall do, by virtue of, or in r ice of this aft.

. And be it further enabled. That if fuch owner, <nrner Ac proprietor, occupier, committee or committees, bodies po- refufe, commifli-litick, coroorate or collegiate, aggregate or foie, or any cners fhall 'another perfon or perfons in any wile inteiefted in any fuch pannel jury to lands, tenements, buildings, houfes, grounds, or heredita-ments, not being an orchard, yard, or planted walk, lawn, j^in. & or avenue, upon fourteen days notice to them given, oy left in writing at the dwelling-houfe or houfes, or place or places of abode of fuch perfon or perfons, or with the head officer or officers of fuch body politick, corporate or collegiate, aggregate or foie, or at the houfe of the tenant in pofleflion of fuch lands, tenements, houfes, buildings, grounds, or hereditaments, except as before excepted, fhall negle& or refufe to demife or leafe for fuch term as the faid commiflioners, or any five of them fhall require, and which they are

K k 2

hereby

Digitized by

Vhthirififcth Year $f Gtorgc III.

hereby empowered to grant, at fuch rent a« fhall be denied rcafonable, or fhall not agree for trap file of, and accordingly convey any fuch lands, tenements, houfe9, grounds, and he# reditamejits, part Or paits thereof, or their intercft therein, or by reafon of abfence, fhall be prevented from treating of Agreeing as aforcfaid, then in any of fuch cafes, the laid commiffioutrs, or any five or more of them, fhall caufe it to be enquired Into, and afcertain by and upon the oath of

!i jury of twelve indifferent m*n of the county wherein th* ands and premifes lie, which oath any three or more of fuel* commiflioners are hereby empowered and required to admi-pifter, what annual rent fhall be paid* or what recompcnfp fhall be made to fuch owners, occupiers, or proprietors, or other perfon or perfons interefted for ©r upon account the widening of any fuch road; and in order thereunto, ' the faid commiflioners, or any five or more of them, are ero# poivered and required horn time to time, as there fhall be occafion, to fummoii and call before the faid jury, and examine upon oath all perfons whatfoever, who fhall be thought neceflary or proper to be examined as witnefTcs, touching or Concerning the premifes, which oath any five or more of fuch fefpe&ive comn.iifioners are hereby empowered and required to adminiflcr; and if any of the parties interefted fhall re* queft the fame, fhall alfo caufe the faid jury to view the place or places in quell ion, and fhall ufe all other lawful ways and 'means, as well for their as for the faid juries better information in the premifes; and after the faid jury fhall have fo enquired and fettled fuch rent or recompenfe, they the (aid Commifiioners, or any five or more of thpm, may accept hnd execute a leafe or leafes for fuch term, and at fuch rent its fhall be agreed on or ascertained in manner aforcfaid 5 or jn cafe the premifes are to be purchafed, may thereupon accept a conveyance, and order mid adjudge the fum or fum$ t)f jponey' fo agreed upon or afleflea by the jury for fuch purchafes, to be paid to the perfoni interefted in fuch lands, tenements, buildings, houfes, grounds, or hereditament^ except as before excepted, according to private agreement, 6r to the verdi# and jnquilition of fuch jury, which agree* foent and conveyance, or verdift or inquifition, and the order and adjudication fo had and made being enrolled, at the {nftance of the faid commifiioners, or any five of them, in the rolls-oflice of the high court of chancery, (hall be final and conclulive, to all intents andpurpofes, againft all parties pr perfons whatioever claiming in pofleffion, reverfion, reminder, or pthenyife, theirdveirs, executon, or ac]miniftr§-:ors and fuceeflbrs refpedlively, as jvell abfent as prefent, Jaunts, ferns cui'erts, lunaticks, idiots, and perfons linger any difabUity, bpdje? politipk, cprponjte, collegiate, ag> ''	'	*	*	jpeg*#



A. D.

Phap. 55.



Digitized by kjOOQie

thirty forth Year of Georgt III?	fty

rregate or foie, as well as all other perfon or perfons whofnr A* IX loeverj and every fuch owner, occupier, and proprietor? ?79& and afl and every perfon and perfons interefted in fuch lands? Chap. 59* tenements^ buildings, houfes, grounds, or hereditaments, Fq demifed or purchased as aforefaid, {ball thereby be from ^henceforth to all intents and purpofes fubjed to fuch leafe or leafes as fhall he made thereof, or if foki, fhall be divefted of all rights, claims, interefts or property, of, in, to, or out of the fame ; and for the fummoning and returning of fuel} jury and juries, the faid commiffioners, or any five or mom of them, are hereby empowered from time to time to iffue their warrant or warrants to the fheriff of the county ia which the (aid lands ihall lie, thereby requiring him to in*-pannel, fummon, and return an indifferent jury, of not leff	v

than twenty-four perfons, to appear before the faid commiffioners, or any five or more of them, at fuch time and place as in fiich warrant (hall be appointed, of which time and place all perfons interefted fhall have fourteen days notice^ previous to the meeting of fuch jury, given or lpft in manner as aforefaid; and the faid fheriff is hereby required tQ erapannel, fummon, and return fuch twenty-four perfons accordingly, and out of the perfons fo empannelled, fummon?

«d, and returned, or out of fuch of them as fhall appear, the faid commiffioners, or any five ot more of them, fhall caufe to be fiyom twelve, who (hall be the jury for the purpofes aforefaid, and for default pf a fufficient number of jurymen, the faid fheriff fhall, if required by the faid co*ny tniffioners, or any five of them, return fo many flanders-by as fhall be neceffary to make up the number of twelve to ferre on fuch jury: provided always, that all the perfon* concerned fhall have their lawful challenges, but not to challenge the array of the pannel, againft any of the faid jurymen when they come to be f\yom 5 and the faid commiffioners, or any five or more of them afting in the premifes, fhall have power from time to time to impofe any reasonable fine or fines, not exceeding five pounds ftcrling for any one fine on fuch fhenffij, bailifre, or agents, as fhall make default in the premifes, and on any of the perfons that fhall be fum-* pioned and returned on fuch pannel, and fhall not appear? or fhall refufe to be fvyom on foch jury, or to jjive their ver-dift, or in any manner wilfully fhatt negled their duty there? in, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this ad, and On any of the perfons required to give evidence touching the premifes, who fhall refufe to be examined or give evidence ; jmd from time to lime to iflue their warrant to levy fuch fine and fines off the goods and chattel* of pch perfons fo fined-!

^yhercyer they may be found*

I	JU	AqJ

Digitized by V^rOOQle



Tie tliriyfixtb	Tear of George 111.

A. T>. 0»p. 59.

Swiss tgreed CO lor rent or putchaic, to be ^aklont of toils.

Commlflion-«n to fwear iiv-ry, Ac. \

4

Hent to be Mid half-yearly, Ac.

L. And be it further ena&ed, That all fuch fums of money as (hall be agreed for, or afftfled as aforefaid, whether for annual rent, or for the purchase of fuch houfes, lands, tenements, buildings, grounds or hereditaments fo to be taken, or made part of the faid road, by being added thereto, for any of the purpofes aforefaid, may be paid out of the produce of the tolls arifing by virtue of this aft ; and that upon payment of the annual rent or purchafe money fo agreed for or affefled, or tender thereof, and refufal to accept the fame 5 or in cafe any pcrfon entitled to receive the fame, fhall after fourteen days notice given or 4eft at his or her houfe, or at the houfe of the tenant or occupier of fuch ground, refufe or negle& to receive the fame, and to execute a proper leafe or deed of conveyance to the faid commiffioners, according to the nature and circumft&nces of the agreement or afTeffment, or in cafe the title (hall be difputed, then upon the faid rent or purchafe money being by order of the (aid commiffioners lodged in the bank of Ireland, under an order on petition to the high court of chancery, it (hall be lawful for the faid commiffioners, their workmen and labourers, to add fuch houfes and grounds to the faid roads, in order to widen them, or to make footpaths thereon, without the let, hindrance or interruption of any perfoo whatfoever.

LI. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, *fbat the faid commiffioners (hall have full power, and they are hereby authorised to fwear fuch jury, and to adminifler all oaths neceflary for the examining into, and ascertaining the rents to be payable, or the purchafe-money to be paid as aforefaid,’ or in any way refpeding fuch trial and examination.

LI I. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That the rents fo to be agreed for, or poffeffed as aforefaid, (hall be paid from time to time, as the fame (hall become due, out of the tolls of the faid road, by half-yearly payments, to the pcrfon or perfons who (hail be entitled thereunto, the firfl payment thereof to begin and be made at the end of fix calendar months, next after fuch ground (hall be taken, and be pofleffed by the faid commiffioners as aforefaid 5 and the perfon or perfons entitled to receive the fame, (ball, during the continuance of this a&, have the fame eftate and interefts in fuch rents as he, (he, or they would have had in the (aid grounds in cafe this a& never had been made ; and in default of payment thereof, the faid commiffioners, within thirty days after the fame (hall become due, and (ball have been demanded of the treaftirer of the faid commiffioners, it (hall and may be lawful for the

perfo*

"’V

Digitized by

Google	y.

The thirtyjixth Tear of George IH.

perfon or perfons who (hall from time to time be entitled to the faid rents, or any of them, to commence or profe-cute one or more a&ions at law on the cafe or in debt, again ft fuch treafurer, on account of fuch rent, and fhall, and may upon fuch a&ion or a&ions, recover the money then due, together with his, her, or their full cofts of fuit, and have fuch remedies for the fame as are allowed by law in other cafes j which faid money and cofts, fo recovered* when paid, may be allowed to fuch treafurer in hjs account with the faid commiflioners.

LIII. Provided always, neverthelefs. That fuch trea-furer (hall not be allowed in fuch account, any cods attendant on fuch fuit or fuits, in cafe it fhall appear to the laid commiflioners, or any five of them, that fuch cofts have been incurred by the wilful default or negle& of the laid treafurer, and that he fhall have omitted to pay the fum or Turns fo recovered, when he has been in pofieffion of i. fuffi-cient fund, and had been bound, or ordered to pay and dif-charge the fame ; and if any of the faid rents fhall at any time be in arrear, and unpaid for the fpace of fix months, after the fame ought to be paid, a court of equity, upon application in manner hereinafter mentioned, fhall appoint a receiver to receive fo much of the tolls as fhall be fufficieot to pay the fame, together with fuch fees or falary as fhall be appointed by the court for fuch receiver, as alfo the ne-cefTary cofts out of pocket of fuch application.

LIV. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That fuch order fhall be made upon petition and affidavit, after reafonable time given to the faid commiiliouers or their treafurer, to fhew caufe.

LV. And be it cna&ed by the authority aforefaid. That fo foon as an affeffment (hall be made as aforefaid, by any fuch jury, it fhall be lavtfful for the faid commiflioners, by themfelves or their officers, or by any perfon or perfons, by the faid commiflioners, or any five or more of them employed, to take poffeflion of the giounds fo afleffed, and the fheriff is hereby required upon demand, and in virtue of a precept,* to be to him for that purpofe dire&cd by the faid commiflioners, or any five or more of them, under their,hands and feals, in cafe it fhall be found ncceffary to iffue the fame, to give the pofleflion of fuch grounds a9 (hall be therein mentioned and deferibed; and in cafe of fuch refufal by fuch fheriff on fuch^demand, and the tender of fuch like fee as by law is ufual to be given to a fheriff, on executing a writ of habere facias poJfeJfwnemy within ten days after delivery of fuch precept, to execute and obey the fame, that thia fuch fheriff fhall, on application againft

him.

If any rents ?a arrear, a court of epity way appoint a receiver.

Order to ha made on petition.

When afTeff-ment made, com. may tike poAJlioo.

Digitized by



a. ft

1796. Clap. 59.

Goto, may expend any fum btctflary, for Improving Sec.

the tbtrtjfidb tear of Cleorge 111.

kith, n» cafe lie fh&H appear to be in default; be fubjedt to fuch pupiftiment by fine or attachment, as upon complaint to his Majefty’s court of Kim^s-bench, (hall appear lit and proper to be in fetch cafe awarded or impofed.

LVI. And whereas there are debent cites outftanditig, and Ml remaining due to the prefent holders thereof, amounting in the whole to the principal fum of eleven thousand four hundred pounds, bearing intereft at the rate of five pounds by the hundred by the year, which were formerly iflued ott the credit of the tolls of the faid road, and by reafon df the badnefs and impaflable (late of the faid road in many Jjart»v the produce of the tolls thereof have become totally inadequate, as well to defray the expCnccs of repairing and keeping the fame in repair, as to keep down the interefl acfctuing due on (aid debentures, and a terj conJidermble linear of iotereft hath incurred thereon j but m order to fe-cure and provide a fund expefted to arife from the produce of the faid tolls to difeharge faid arrear, and to prevent an increafe thereof, it is expedient, and for the benefit of laid creditors, as well as neccflary for the advantage of the publick, having occafion to frequent and travel on faid road, that the fame fhall by and out of the firft monies Or funds belonging to the faid eommiflioners, be put into a paflable flatc of repair, and the narrow parts thereof be widened i and whereas that part of the faid road leading from Dublin to Blanchardflown, is in a very bad (late, and too narrow for a ptiblick road, or thoroughfare, and requires to be widened, and it is highly expedient to carry the line of faid road from Blackhorfe-lane to the Royal Canal at Longford-bridge, and along the banks of the Royal Canal as far as Ranelagh bridge, and Blanchardflown: be it therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful for the faid eommiflioners, or any five of* them, and they are accordingly hereby required out of the firil monies which (hall from and after the palling of this aft, and defraying the expcnccs thereof, be handed over to* or received by them, in preference to any other application thereof, to expend fuch fum or fums as (hall be ncceflary for improving, altering, making, widening, and repairing the faid road, or for purchafing or renting, as the fame fhall feem mod expedient, any ground neccflhry to be laid out, and added to the faid road tor that purpofe, according to the powers and provifions herein before given; and alfo that it mall and may be lawful for the faid eommiflioners, or any five of them, to enter into any contraft or Agreement with the company or direftors of the faid Royal Canal, and for the direftors of the Royal Canal, or any

five

Digitized by

OOgi



The thirtyfixth Tear erf George III.

five of them* to enter into contradl with the faid com-miflioners, for or concerning any part of the faid line of road, as (hall be found neceflary to be ufed, as and for the faid turnpike-road, or for the making or repairing the fame by contra&.

LVII. Provided neverthelefs, That no toll (hall be taken, nor gate for that purpofe (hall be placed on or acrofs any part of the faid road which (hall run along the banks of the faid Royal Canal, from Ranelagh bridge to Long ford-bridge, either by the dire&ors thereof, or by the commif-fi oners appointed for carrying the purpofes of this a& into execution, without the mutual confent of the faid directors and commiflioner8.

LVI1I. And whereas the road leading from Blanchards-town to Glafnevin, is very narrow, and out of repair, and when the road (hall be made along the banks of the Canal, will be rendered ufelef3 ; be it ena&ed, That the trullees (hall be empowered to (hut up any part of the faid road, on giving notice by lix infertfons thereof, in one or more of the publick newfpaper3 of the city of Dublin ; provided that the fame (hall not be prefented to be kept open by the grand jury of the county of Dublin, at the next prefenting term following the notice fo given.

LIX. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That whatever ground (hall be required for widening the faid road along the banks of the Royal Canal, and from Granard-bridge to Blackhorfe-lane, in cafe the fame (hall not be fettled by private agreement, (hall be valued and rated at the fame rents, and the fame purchafe money, as was heretofore valued and rated, and paid to the feveral proprietors by the dire&ors.of the Royal Canal for the fame, or if not valued, according to the valuation of the next adjoining lands.

LX. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefad, That in all cafes where the road between Dublin and Nava*i (hall be (hortened, by the purchafe of lands, to make any new lines, the old roads (hall be (hut up, and veiled in the com-miflioners of the faid road, unlefs the fame (hall be prefented by the^grand jury of the county, in which fuch part of the faid .read lies, at the aflizes, or prefenting term next following the opening of the faid new line of road.

LXI. And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful for the commiffiouers of the faid road, or any five of them, with the confent and approbation of the directors of the Royal Candl, firit had in writing, to make and carry on another line of road to Dublin, along the banks of the faid Royal Canal, towards Vol* X*	L	1	ClaftncYin

No toll where road run along Royal Canal bank.

•Truflee* (ball (but up road, on notice.

Ground rated at Value of adjoining lands.

Road from Dublin to Na-van, flioiunsd.

Com may

carry on line of. road to Dublin, &c.

Digitized by

Google



TTyf thirty ft nth Year of George III.

Gfafnevm and Philipfburgh, in the county of Dublin, and to caujje one or more toll-gate or toll-gates to be erected on the faid new line of road, and thereat to demand and receive the like toll or tolls as herein before mentioned and di-re&ed to be levied on other parts of the road from Dublin to Navan, and which faid new line of road when effected and completed, (hall be deemed and coididered as part of* the road within the firft or fuuthem divifion thereof, and as fuch ftiall be fubject to the like care, management, and controul of the commiflioners appointed for carrying this aft into execution, and of the fupervifors or other officei** of the faid road from Dublin to Navan.

LXIL.And be it ena&ed by the authority aforef&id, fion bn<had/>°r* ^at	^all ^ lawful for the faid commiflioners, or any

yearly pay*"	five	them, and they arq hereby required fo foon as the

meats.	faid laft mentioned road from Dubliti to Blanchardftown

(hall be repaired and widened, to pay and apportion every year from the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand (even hundred and ninety-feven, by half-yearly payments, on every twenty-fifth day of December, and twenty-fourth day of June, out of ,the refidue of money then in their hands, a fum not lefs than the fum of five hundred and feventy pounds fterling, in difeharge of the arrear then appearing due for interell on the faid debentures, in equal distribution, according to the amount* of fuch arrear due to each and every of the holders thereof; and fo from time to time to pay and keep down the accumulation of fuch in-terefl out of a fum to be fet apart, and directed by the faid commiflioners, or any five of them, to be for that purpofc applied out of the furplqs of the produce of the tolls, after retaining fufficient to pay all necefiary expcnces for keeping the road in repair, towards the difeharge thereof, in equal diftribution as afortfaid.

LXI11/ Provided rcvdilielefs. That it (hall be lawful wards difeharge ^or	commiflioners	to fufpend fuch payment in dif-

*	*	*	*	charge	of interefl, in cafe they have it in their power by

compofition, in^manner as herein after mentioned, to difeharge and pay off the principal Gums dtie to the holders of debentures, according to the mode for that purpofc herein after fpecified.

LXIV. And whereas it will tend more to the credit of

benturesst tow	tru^»	an<5 t0 advantnge of tlie holders of faid

eft compofition" d^nturea, that the capital of the debentures fliould be reduced, and tjie value of the remaining debentures will be thereby cncreafed; be it drafted by the authority afore faid. That the faid commiflioners, or any five of them, (hall at a public meeting for the purpofc, to be convened within

•	one

of principal fum* due.

Com may pur chafe dc-

Com. (hall

‘Digitized by Googfe

The thirtyfxth Yt(tr of George III.

'fcne month, after the twenty-fourth day of June, and A. D twenty-fifth day of December, in’each and every year, af-	1796'.

ter the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand feyen hun- Chap. 59 dred and ninety-feven, during the term thereof, in the fame manner as direfted for the purpofe of electing cemmiflion-ers upon vacancies, and upon due notice polled at leaft fourr teen days previous to fuch meeting in the publick hzul of the Four-courts in the city of Dublin,' and on the doof of the fefiions-houfe of Navan, in the county of Meath, and on notice being inserted in one or more of the Dublin newfn papers, for three or more publications, figned by the trea-furer, fignifying the time and place, and purpofe pf the faid intended meeting, either in the city of Dublin or towa of Navan, according to the feafon of the year, inftead pf difcharging fuch intereft, propofe to purchafe any. of the faid debentures, which the holders thereof (hall offer, and agree to fell for the lowed contpofftibn price or fubi fo pro-pofed to be taken, in difcharge of every or any debenture, in his, her, or their pofleffion, on a bidding for, or au&ion there-, of, to be then publickly held by the faid commiilioner?, who are hereby empowered and required at fuch meeting to fet up the faid debentures, either in lots or Tingle numbers, as (hall be declared and agreed upon by the. faid commifft-oners at the time of fuch au&ion, or any future au&ion, to be had in purfuance of any adjournment thereof, if the faid commiflioners (hall think fit to adjourn the fame ; provided neverthelefs, that fuch adjournment, or future au&ion, fhall' be held at a board, to be Tor that purpofe fummoned in manner, and after like notice as aforefaid, and to be held at Dublin or Navan, refpe&ively, according to the feafon of the year, whenjuch board fhall be convened.

LXV. Provided always, That the perfon or perfons, Purchafe who fhall onfuc h au&ion, propofe or agree to accept the debentures fmalleft fum, not exceeding the principal fum contained in o«o£fund each debenture, in payment and fatisfa&ion thereof, at .	♦

fuch au&ion fkall produce the fame, and the faid commiflionera are hereby empowered to pay fuch fum for the fame out of the funds for that pqrpofe then in their hands* and upon pay / ment of the fum agreed to be taken in full difcharge thereof, the vender or owner of each debenture fo fold, fhall then , endorfe thereon, the money, really, and Iona fide paid to him, and fhall fign a receipt for the fame, in a book to be kept by the treasurer for that purpofe, in full of all principal and intereft due thereon, to the time of fuch payment, and every fuch debenture fhall then be delivered up cancelled, and from thenceforth be deemed and declared, freed and difeharged from all demands, for or on account of principal or intereft thereon.

LXV1. And

Digitized by

5*4

-A. D.

•796-Chap. 59-

In force 31 jears.

The thirtyJlxih Tear of George III.

LXVI. And be it further ena&ed, That this a& fhall be, and continue In force for the term of thiity-one years from the lad day of this piefc-nt fefiion of Parliament, and from thence to the end of the then next ftfilon of Parliament, and that the fame (hall be deemed and taken to be a publick a&, and judicially noticed as fuch, by all judges, juilices, and other perfous, without fpecially pleading the fame*

fctfo OF THE TENTH VOLUME.

X-

Digitized by v^ooQle
