THE

STATUTES

PASSED IN THE

PARLIAMENTS

HELD IN

IRELAND.

VOL. XII.

CONTAINING

From the Thirty-ninth Year of George III. A.D. 1799, to the Fortieth Year of George III. A.D. 1800, inclusive.

Note, that the Folios of the first 112 pages of this Volume have been repeated through mistake.

DUBLIN:

Printed by GEORGE GRIERSON, Printer to the King's Most Excellent Majesty. 1801.

CONTENTS

OF THE

TWELFTH VOLUME.

In the Thirty-ninth Year of GEORGE III.

CHAP. IX.

An Act for the Division of the Barony of Idrone, in the County of Carlow - Page 1

CHAP. XVI.

An Act for the further Amendment of an Act passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, Entitled, An Act for the better and more convenient Administration of Justice, and for the Recovery of small Debts in a summary Way at the Sessions of the Peace at the several Counties at large within this Kingdom, except the County of Dublin; and for continuing and amending an Act, Entitled, An Act for the better Execution of the Law, and Preservation of the Peace within Counties at large - 2

CHAP. XVII.

An Act for extending to the County of Waterford, the different Laws passed in this Kingdom for erecting, establishing, and regulating of Public Infirmaries or Hospitals - 4

CHAP. XIX.

An Act for the Repairing of Cathedral Churches in Cases where the Parish Churches have been long in Ruins - 7

CHAP. XXXIII.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Thirty-eight Year of the Reign of His Majesty, Entitled, An Act for the Sale of His Majesty's Quit Rents, Crown Rents, and other Rents, and of the Lands forfeited in the Years One thousand six hundred and forty-one, and One thousand six hundred and eighty-eight, and other Lands yet remaining undisposed of in such Manner and under such Provisions as are therein mentioned - 8

CHAP. XXXVI.

An Act to explain, amend, and extend the Provisions of an Act passed last Session of Parliament, Entitled, An Act to prevent Persons from returning to His Majesty's Dominions, who have been or shall be transported, banished, or exiled on Account of the present Rebellion, and to prohibit them from passing into any Country at War with His Majesty - 10

CHAP. XLVI.

An Act for amending an Act passed in the Thirty-seventh year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Entitled, An Act for improving and repairing the Roads leading from the City of Dublin to Ratoath and Curragha, and for altering and amending an Act passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for making, widening, and repairing the Road leading from the City of Dublin to Ratoath, and for erecting Turnpikes thereon, in Aid of Barony Presentments - 12

CHAP. XLVII

An Act for improving and repairing the Road leading from Newcastle, in the county of Limerick, to the City of Limerick, and from thence to Charleville, in the County of Cork, and for repealing the several Laws heretofore made relating to said Road - 15

CHAP. XLVIII.

An Act to restrain the Negociation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum - 36

CHAP. XLIX.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Entitled, An Act for the more effectual Support of the Families of Militia Men - 41

CHAP. LI.

An Act to revive and amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act toexplain and amend an Act passed in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of His present Majesty, Entitled, An Act for the Protection and Improvement of the Inland Fisheries of this Kingdom - 43

CHAP. LII.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, Entitled, An Act for improving and repairing the turnpike Road leading from the City of Cork to the Brook which bounds the Counties of Cork and Tipperary near the Foot of Kilworth Mountain, and for repealing the several Laws here-tofore made relating to the said Road - 45

CHAP. LIII.

An Act to grant certain Duties therein mentioned to His Majesty, to be applied to the Purpose of making wide and convenient Ways, Streets, and Passages in the City of Dublin, for enabling the Commissioners therein mentioned more effectually to execute the Trusts reposed in them - 73

CHAP. LV.

An Act to promote the Building of New Goals - 84

CHAP. LVI.

---

An Act to amend an Act> passed in Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Entitled, An Act for more effectually preserving the Peace within the City of Dublin, and the District of the Metropolis, and establishing a Parochial Watch in the said City; and also to amend one other Act passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, Entitled, An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the thirty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 'Entitled, An Act for more effectually preserving the Peace within the City of Dublin, and the District of the Metropolis, and establishing a Parochial Watch'in the said City, and for remedying the Abuses xommitted by Pawnbrokers within the District of the Metropolis, or three Miles thereof - - 86

CHAP. LVIII.

An Act to continue and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act to regulate the Trade of rectifying Spirits, and to prevent Frauds on His Majesty's Revenue by Rectifiers of Spirits*-99

CONTENTS.

CHAP. LIX.

An Act to enable His Majesties Forces, under Orders of March, to pass through Turnpikes and over Bridges, Toll free - - 100

CHAP. LX.

An Act for the better regulation of Stock Brokers 100

CHAP. LXL

An Act to revive and continue the several Laws relating to the curing of Hides, and regulating the Sale of Hides and Cats Skinsf and preventing Frauds in the selling thereof, and for preventing Frauds in the weighing and Delivery of Bark imported into this Kingdom - - 108

CHAP. LXIII.

An Act for the more effectual preventing the forging of Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes, or any acceptance, Assignment, or Indorsement thereof or any Acquittance or Receipt for Money or Goods; and also for preventing the forging of the Promissory Notes of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, commonly called Bank Notes, and the Bills of Exchange of the said Governor and Csmpany, called Bank Post Buis - - 107

In the Fortieth Year of GEORGE III.

CHAP. XVIL

An Act to continue an Act passed in the thirty-sixih year of his present Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act to explain ana amend an Act passed in the Nineteenth and Twentieth " years of his Majesty's reign, Entitled, An Act for the better Regulation of the Silk Manufacture - 1

CONTENTS.

CHAP. XIX.

An Act to enact that part of an Act passed in the Parliament of England in the Eighth Year of Richard the Second, shall not continue to be of Force in this Kingdom, any Lam to the contrary notwithstanding 2

CHAP. XX.

An Act for regulating the Payment of Bounties on the Exportation of certain Manufactures of this Kingdom 2

CHAP. xxii.

An Act for the relief of Bankers, who have stopped, or who shall stop payment, and who have or shall conform to the Directions of the Act of Parliament of the Thirty-third of George the Second, called the Bankers* Act - - -9

CHAP. XXIIL

An Act to miiet and bar all claims of Tythe Agistment for dry and barren Cattle - 12

CHAP. XXIV.

An Act for more effectually preventing the burning (f - Land - 12

CHAP. XXVI.

An Act to enable the Barrack-Master-General to carry into'execution an agreement lately made with the Trustees of the Ulster White Linen-Hall, near Nexvry, for the sale of tkeir Interest therein, and for vesting the same in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors - - 13

CHAP.

C.

CONTENTS.

CHAP. XXVII.

An Act for the further Support and Maintenance of Curates vnthin the Church of Ireland - 17

CHAP. XXIX.

An Act to regulate the mode by which the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons to serve in the United Kingdom on the Part of Ireland, shall be summoned and returned to the said Parliament - 19

CHAP. XXX.

'An Act further to continue an Act, passed in the thirty-eighth year of the Reign of his present Majesty, Entitled, An Act for the better Collection of Sums arising fromforfeited Recognizances, and from Fines imposed at Assizes, Commissions of Oyer and Terminer, and General Goal Delivery, and Sessions of the Peace, and for the future Application of the same, and also to repeal and amend Part of an Act passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, Entitled, An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for the better Collection of Sums arising from forfeited Recognizances, and from Fines imposed at Assizes, Commissions of Oyer and Terminer, and General Gaol Deli- very, and Sessions of the Peace, and for the future Application of the same - - 27

CHAP. XXXI.

An Act for directing the application of the Sum of Five Thousand Five hundred Pounds, granted by Parliament to the Dublin Society for the Improvement of Husbandry and other useful Arts in Ireland; and for granting to the said Society the further Sum. of Ten Thousand Pounds for the purposes therein mentioned - -'29

t> CHAP.

"by

CONTENTS*

CHAP. XXXII.

An Act for the better governing and managing the Infirmary (f the County of Clare - -30

chap, xxxni.

An Act for the better Management y Support and Maintenance of the Foundling Hospital in Dublin, and for amending and further continuing an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of his present majesty 9s Reign, Entitled, An Act for the better Management of the Work-house and Foundling Hospital in Dublin - - -82

CHAP* XXXIV.

An Act for granting Allowances to Bodies Corporate and Individuals, in respect to those Cities, Towns, and Boroughs, which shall cease to send anu Member to Parliament after the Union, and to make Compensation to those Persons whose Offices may thereby be discontinued or diminished in Value - - 40

CHAP. XXXV.

An Act for testing in Trustees the real Estates, situate in the Counties of Meath and Longford\ which belonged to Thomas Char let on, late of Cur rat own, in the County of Meath9 Esq. deceased9 and for making them a Corporation for the Purpose of carrying into Effect the charitable Purposes and Intentions of the Will of the said Thomas Chartetony and for other Purposes - - - 45

CHAP. XXXVL

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual several Acts heretofore passed in this Kingdom, for the true making of Woollen Cloth9 called and known by the Name of Old Drapery -'- - 52

CHAP*

CONTENT!.

CHAP. XXXVII.

An Act for paving, cleansing, and lighting, and improving the several Streets, Squares, Lanes, and Passages within the Town of Belfast, in the County of Antrim, and for removing and preventing all Encroachments, Obstructions, ana Annoyances therein; and edso for establishing and maintaining a nightly Watch throughout the said Town and Precincts thereof, and for other Purposes ... §9

CHAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland 101 CHAP. XXXIX.

An Act for the more speedy Correction if Erroneous Judgments given in the Courts of Law tn this Kingdom - - - - 137

CHAP. XL.

An Act for the better Regulation and Management of the House of Industry, established for the Relief if the Poor in Dublin -.»- 139

CHAP. XLI.

An Act for amending An Act, passed in the thirtieth Year of his Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for building a' Bridge over the River Lough Foyle, at the City of Londonderry, and the Suburbs thereqf, and for certain Regulations relative to said City - - 143

CONTENTS.

CHAP. XLIV.

An Act to prevent Persons from returning to his Majesty Dominions who have been or shall be transported, banished, or exiled on Account of Rebellion - 152

CHAP. XLVI.

An Act for amending an Act, Entitled, An Act for confirming the several Grants made by her late Majesty of the First Fruits and Twentieth Parts, payable out of the Ecclesiastical Benefices in this Kingdom, and also for giving the Archbishops and other Ecclesiastical Persons Four Years Time for the Payment of First Fruitsi and for incorporating the Trustees and Commissioners of the said First Fruits - - 153

CHAP. XLVII.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual two several Acts, one passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for promoting the Trade of Dublin, by rendering its Port ana Harbour mote commodious, and the other Act passed in the Thirty-second Year of His Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for repairing and preserving the Walls of the River Anna Lijfey in the City of Dublin, and for amending an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for promoting the Trade of Dublin by rendering its Port and Harbour more commodious - - 154?

CHAP. XLVIII.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, Entitled, An Act for amending the Road from Dublin to Knocksedanf in the County of Dublin - - - P74?

CHAP.

CONTENT S.

CHAP. XLIXr

An Act to amend and continue two several acts passed in thg thirty-eighth and thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for appointing Commissioners to inquire into the Losses of such of his Majesty's loyal Subjects as have suffered in their Property during the late Rebellion, and the other Purposes in the said acts mentioned, and for authorising the payment of Sums therein mentioned to Persons who have suffered in their persons, and to the Widows and Orphans of others who lost their Lives in said Rebellion, and to Persons who exerted themselves in discovering the said Rebellion, and been exposed to Danger, or sustained Injury in Consequence thereof - - - 17$

CHAP. L»

An Act for granting certain Annuities to the Officers and Attendants of both Houses of Parliament, whose Offices and Attendance shall cease after the Union, or whose Offices shall be diminished in Value thereby - ISS

CHAP. LL

An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Five Hundred Thousand Pounds for promoting Inland Navigation in Ireland, and for the other Purposes therein mentioned, and for the authorizing of the said Sum by Loan - - - - 19i

CHAP. LIII.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant certain Annuities t* the Right Honourable Joho Monck Mason, and to the Earls o^Atblone and Roscommon, and to the Lord Baron' Aylmer, in manner therein mentioned - 202

CHAP.

t

contents.

CHAP. LX.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a further Supply out of the Consolidated Fund, to be applied to the Purposes therein mentioned, and for raising by Loan the several Sums therein mentioned - 205

CHAP. LXI.

An Act to amend and explain an Act> passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, Entitled, An Act to grant certain Duties therein mentioned to his Majesty, to be applied to the Purpose of making unde and convenient Ways, Streets, and Passages in the City of Dublin, and for enabling the Commissioners therein mentioned more effectually to execute the trusts reposed in them ? - -'- 217

- CHAP. LXII.

An Act for amending and making perpetual the several laws for regulating the watch in the district of the metropolis and for granting a further duty upon pawnbrokers - 222

CHAP. LXV. v

An Act for Incorporating the Governors and Governesses of the Female Orphan House on the Circular Road near Dublin - 230

CHAP. LXVI.

An Act for Incorporating the Association for discountenancing Vice, and promoting the Knowledge and Practice of the Christian Religion ... 234

CONTENTS.

CHAP. LXVIII.

An Act for letter regulating the issuing and granting of Permits and Certificates for the Conveyance and Pro-lection of certain Exciseable Goods therein mentioned, and to prevent Frauds by Dealers in, or Retailers of such Goods - 23g

CHAP. LXIX.

An Act to enable his Majesty to grant annuities to the Lord High Chancellor, and to the Judges of the Court of King's Bench, Master of the Rolls, Judges of the Courts of Common Pleas and Exchequer, Judge or Commissory of the Court of Prerogative, the Judge of the Court of Admiralty, the Chairman of the Quarter Sessions of the County of Dublin, and Assistant Barristers of the several other Counties, on the Resignation of their respective offices, and to amend an Act passed in the thirty-sixth Year of his present Majesty, Entitled, An Act for encreasing the Salaries of the Chief and other Judges of the Courts of King's Bench ana Common Pleas, and of the Chief Baron, and other Barons of the Court of Exchequer in this Kingdom - - - - 250

CHAP. LXX.

An Act for discharging certain Arrears of Quit, Crown, and Composition Rents, which have been growing due for Twenty Years before the Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, on the Terms and in Manner therein mentioned - 257

CHAP. LXXI,

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act passed in the thirty seventh Year of his present Majesty, Entitled, An Act to prevent the vexatious Impounding of Cattle for Trespass or Damage Feasaut, and for the effectual Preserving of Meares end Fences - 261

CONTENTS.

CHAP. LXXII.

An Act for the better Regulation of Trial* by Jury, in the Courts of Kingys Bench, Common Pleas9 and Exchequer during Term, and in the Sittings after Term 266

CHAP. JLXXIV.

An Act to amend and render more effectual the Laws now in Force for making and keeping in Repair a Circular Road round the City of Dublin - - 270

CHAP. LXXV.

An Act to amend an act passed in the third Year of his present Majesty, King George the Third9 Entitled, An act for the better discovery of charitable donations and bequests - 275,

CHAP. LXXVI.

An Act for amending and continuing an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign, to secure the Collection of 'the Duties on Paper made in Ireland, and to prevent Frauds therein - - 27fc

CHAP. LXXVIL

An Act to amend and continue an Act, passed in the Thirty-seventh year of his Majesty's reign, Entitled, An Act for regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade9 and for securing the Duties payable upon the Import and Manufacture of Tobacco - - - 283

CONTENTS.

CHAP. LXXVIII.

An Act for amending an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, EntiUed, An Act to revive and continue the several saws relating to the curing of Hides, and regulating the Sale of Hides and Calf Skins, and preventing Frauds in the selling thereof, and for preventing Frauds in the weighing and Delivery of bark imported into this Kingdom 284

CHAP. LXXIX.

An Act to oblige Ships more effectually to perform their Quarantine, and to prevent the Plague and other infectious Distempers being'brought into Ireland, and to hinder the spreading of Injection - - 286

CHAP. LXXX.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for regulating the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, and for repealing the several Acts therein mentioned, and to explain and amend an Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of said Reign, Entitled, An Act for the further Regulation of the Election of Members to serve in Parliament - 800

CHAP. LXXXII.

An Act for the further Encouragement of building and improving on Glebe Lands - - 303

CHAP. LXXXIII.

An Act to facilitate the building and re-luilding of Churches and Chapels ... 305

c CHAP.

CONTENT,

CHAP. LXXXIV.

An Act for repealing an Act passed in the Twenty fifth Year of his present Majesty, Entitled, An Act for establishing a complete School of Physic in this Kingdom; and also for repealing an Act passed in the Thirty first Year of his present Majesty, Entitled, An Act to explain and amend an Act for establishing a complete School of Physic in this Kingdom, and also for extending and enlarging the Powers of the President and Fellows of the King and Queen's College of Physicians, and establishing a complete School of Physic in this Kingdom - - 306

CHAP* LXXXV.

An Act for the better Government of the Seminary established at Maynooth, for the Education of Persons professing the Roman Catholic Religion, and for amending the Laws now in Force respecting the said Seminary -323

CHAP. LXXXVII.

An Act to continue and amend two several Aqts passed in the Thirty-eighth and Thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, to secure the Collection of the Duties on Auctions and on Glass Bottles, and on Paper printed, painted, or stained, to serve for hangings and other Uses - 327

CHAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act to amend an Acty for Repair of the public Roads, and to revive and explain an Act for holding Vestries in the Province of Ulster, and for empowering the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor, to reduce the Exigents of the Police Establishment - 328

CHAP

CONTENTS.

CHAP. LXXXIX.

An Act for Indemnifying such Persons as have acted since the First Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, for the Preservation of the public Peace, and Suppression of the Insurrections prevailing in some Parts*if this Kingdom, and to enable Sheriffs and other Officers to make the Returns therein specified - - 330 "

CHAP. XC.

An Act for the further Encouragement of the Cotton Manufacture, by enabling Tenants for Life to make Ideates for Spites of Mills -333

CW- XCJI.

An Act for amending an Act passed in this Kingdom in 4hf Thirty.third Year of his Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for amending and reducing ipto one Act of Parliament; the Lam relating to the Militia in Ireland.- 334

CHAP. XCIII.

An Actio amend Act passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of At* Majestfs Reign, Entitled, An Act for repairing the Road commonly called or known by the Name of the Military Road, beginning at the County and City Court-houses in the City of Waterford, and leading from thence to the Town of Tallagh, in the County of Waterford, through the Towns of Kumacthomas, Cappoquin, and Lismore, x§nd from Tallagh < % fQr&a % dj to the pounds of the

Qopnt]/ SfCpv - - 335

CHAP.

CONTENTS.

CHAP. XCIV.

An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act to explain and reduceinto one Act, the several Laws for making, improving, and repairing the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Dublin to Kilcullen Bridge, in the County of Kildare, and to the Twenty-one Mile Stone westward of the said Bridge, and for prolonging the Duration of tho Act for repairing the Road from Naas to Limerick, and for the further Improvement of the Road from Kilworth Mountain to the City of Cork - - 337

CHAP. XCVT.

An Act to revive, amende continue, or make perpetual certain Temporary Statutes - - 333

CHAP. XCVII.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing the Commons, Commonable and Waste Lands of Dromiskin, within the Parish of Dromiskin, in the County of Louth 343

CHAP. XCVIII.

An Act for improving and repairing the Roads leading from Tlibber, near the Bounds of the Counties of Clare and Galway, to Ennis, in the county* of Clare, and from thence to Thomnnd-Gaie in the County of the City of Limerick 353

CHAP. XCIX.

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and improving the Streets, Quays, Lanes, and Passages in the Town of Sligo, in the County of Sligo, for establishing a nightly Watch

i*1

CON TENTS.

in said Town, for supplying the said Teton with Pipe Water, and for improving and regulating the Port and

An Act for the better Regulation of the Butter Trade of the City of Cork, and the Liberties thereof, and for the better Regulation of the said City in the other Matters therein mentioned, and in respect to Lighters and Vessels plying far Hire, and also respecting Sedan Chairs, Coaches, and Chaises plying for Hire within the City and Liberties of the

Harbour thereof

372

CHAP. C

City of Cork

992

COLLECTION

OF

STATUTES, % c.

The Thirty-ninth Year of GEORGE III. CHAP. IX.

An Act for the Division of the Barony of Idrone> in t

County of Carlow.

Whereas the Barony of Idrone, in the county of Carlow, urauy is of great and inconvenient extent, and rated in the county of idrooTu books at twenty thousand five hundred and forty-nine acres, °JjTcat and it inexpedient, for the more equal disposal of the public*

cess, that it Should be divided into two baronies, to be called and known by the names of the baronies of east Idrone and west Idrone; be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that from to much of and after the passing of this act, aft that part of the said

barony that lies on the east side of the river Barrow, shall be JJthe Barrow*separated from the rest of the barony of Idrone, and shall shall be called* be deemed one entire borony, and shall be called the barony the barony of of ^st Idrone, and shall be rated by the treasurer of the M county of Carlow, in all presentments of public money, as tabling 15, 479 containing fifteen thousand ftmr hundred and seventy-nine acres* acres, and no more; and that the remainder of the said ba- the remainder

3, all of which lies on die west side of the river Barrow,

be deemed an entire barony, and shall be called the ba: West Idrond, rony of west Idrone, and shall be rated by the treasurer of and rated as the county of Carlow, in all presentments of public money, as containing five thousand ana seventy acres, and no more.

Vol. ilL A CHAP.

Oil: ed

The thirty-ninth Year o/* George M.

CHAP. XVL

An Act for the further Amendment of act Act passed in the

Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Thirds Entitled, An Act for the better and more convenient Administration of Justice, and for the Recovery of small Debts in a summary Way, at the Sessions of the Peace at the several Counties at large within this Kingdom, except the County of Dublin; and for con-continuing and amending an Act, Entitled, An Act for the better\ Execution of the Law, and Preservation of the Peace within Counties at large.

Recital 36 Whereas by an act passed in the thirty-sixth year of his G. 3. c. 25. present Majesty's reign, entitled, An Act for the better and more convenient administration of justice, and for the recovery of small debts in a summary way, at the sessions of the , peace of the several counties at large within this kingdom,

(except the county of Dublin, ) and for continuing and amending an act, entitled, An act for ike better execution of the law, and preservation of the peace within counties at large, Payments ap- h; is enacted!. That the assistant barristers appointed by vir-pointedby tue of said act, and such as had been theretofore appointed,

said act for Should be severally and respectively paid, out of the conso-

rhters^1 bar" lidated fund, such salaries as the Lord Lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom Should by warrant direct, not exceeding such yearly sum as, with the fees payable to such assistant barrister on civil bill decrees, renewals and dismisses, Should amount to the dear net sum of four hundred pounds a year, to each of the said, -assistant Clerks of peace barristers; and that the clerk of the peace for each county were to certify shall, half-yearly, on every first of June, and first of January, ^pa^ble to bar- certify to the secretary of the treasury the amount of such nsters before fees so payable to each barrister for the preceding half-year, is uS?S-Were that no salary Should issue from the treasury until such

8ue<l: certificate Should have been made, to the end that the fees

so payable to such assistant barrister upon decrees, renewals and dismisses, may be deducted half-yearly from his salary as aforesaid, and the balance paid him out of the treasury: Weight of ci- And whereas the several counties in this kingdom are so un-yii bill business equal and disproportionate to each other, as to the weight of donate °and"fees c*v^ kill business, that it hath been thought proper not to Should not be deduct from the salary of the assistant barristers the fees so

deducted: payable to them as aforesaid: And whereas it hath been

mem^preMicUl that the said former arrangements was highly preju-

to revenue: C*dicial to the revenue, m as much as there was no proportion between the fees certified into the treasury and those which appear to have been payable upon the number of decrees,

renewal*,

The Thirty-ninth Year of George III.

renewals, and dismisses actually made; be it therefore eft-

acted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the

advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this- present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of 4rioi. a year

this act, the several assistant barristers so appointed, and to

be appointed as aforesaid, shall severally and respectively barnster*^ith-

receive the net yearly sum of four hundred pounds sterling out deduction

by quarterly payments, on the twenty-fifth day of March, offee8:

twenty-fourth day of June, twenty-ninth day of September,

and twenty-fifth day of December, in each and every year,

the first payment thereof to be made on the twenty-fifth

day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine,

without any deduction for the fees so payable upon decrees,

renewals, or dismisses as aforesaid, and that it shall not be

thenceforth necessary for the several clerks of the peace to clerks of peace

certify-to the secretary of the treasury* the amount of such need not certify

fees as by the said Statute is required. amount of fee* t

II. Provided nevertheless, That it shall be lawful for every Fee* granted by such assistant barrister at all times hereafter to receive all

such fees as by the said act of the thirty-sixth of his present to Majesty, are particularly specified, and made payable to them by the said act.

III. And whereas by the said herein-before mentioned act, Limitation of the said assistant barristers are only authorized to make de- ^es^nmonk crees on monitions issuing from the ecclesiastical courts for don* from ecde* non-payment of sums not exceeding twenty pounds: And siwtical courts: whereas the debt in such cases having been ascertained by

such monition, and the decree of the assistant barrister being only process to enforce the same, it is now thought expedient it is expedient not to limit the assistant barrister in respect to such decrees; nyttoumit as-be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, MBtant amster* Hiat it shall and may be lawful for such assistant There shall be barristers at all times hereafter to make decrees ?uchd^rwk* upon all monitions issuing out of the ecclesiastical courts, without any limitation on account of the sum therein contained.

IV. And whereas it hath been found inconvenient that the \ affidavit for the renewal of civil bill decrees, or dismisses, -must in all cases be made by one of the parties in the original decrees or dismisses, or by the personal representative of

such party; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Affidavits for it shall at all times from henceforth be lawful for the known decreeso^dis-agent, manager, or proctor of such original party to make misses may be such affidavit, in which case the words, u one of the parties/' made by agent* in the present form of the affidavit specified, shall be omit- wkhTiteration* ted, and instead thereof, shall be substituted (known agent, herein directed, manager, or proctor, as the case may be) to C, D, plaintiff or defendant, (as the case may be) and that such person so

A 2 making W

Decrees and dismisses may be renewed every S months.

Recital 5 G. 3.

da Waterford was not named In said act.

Persons here*

In named shall be a body poll-ticand corporate, and shall be called the governors of co. Waterford hospital, .'See

The Thirty-ninth Year of George Hf.

making said affidavit, shall add these words at the end there* of, " as he doth verily believe."

V. Provided, That it shall be lawful at all times henceforth to*renevf all decrees or dismisses once in every six months, or as near thereto as the times for holding the said several feggion* will permit.

CHAP. XVII.

An Act for extending to the County of Waterford, the different Laws passed in this Kingdom for erecting, establishing and regulating of Public Infirmaries or Hospitals.

Whereas an act passed in this kingdom in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An Act for erecting and establishing public infirmaries or hospitals in this kingdom, whereby it is enacted, that the receptacles be found for the poor who are infiqn and diseased in the several counties* and in the manner therein mentioned, and the said act contains several regulations respecting the management of the said infirmaries or hospitals, and of the said corporations, and for enabling tenants for life to grant irr perpetuity, ground, or houses, for such infirmaries or hospitals, and for enabling grand juries to grant? presentments to be applied for the use of the said infirmaries or hospitals; And whereas the county of Waterford is notone of the counties named in the said act, in which an infirmary or hospital was by the said act authorized to be erected and established under the provisions therein contained; and it is expedient, that the provisions of the said act, as also of an act passed in the thirty-first year of the feign of his present Majesty, entitled, An Act for the further regulation of public infirmaries or hospitals % Should be extended to the county of Waterford, and that a public infirmary or hospital shall be erected and established in the said County; be it therefore enacted, by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That his grace the lord archbishop of Armagh, the lord high chancellor, the right reverend the lord bishop of Waterford and Lismore, the governor of the county of Waterford, the representatives in parliament for the county of Waterford, the rector and vicar of the parishes of Kilwac-Thomas and Newtown, in the said county of Waterford', all for the time being, and, all donors or subscribers to the amount herein after mentioned, shall from dhd after the passing of this get, for ever, in name, and in fact, bq a

body

by The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

body politie and corporate, in law, to all intents and purposes, and more especially for the purpose of erecting or establishing a public infirmary or hospital in the said county of Waterford, which said body politic and corporate shall have perpetual succession, and be called, the governors of , the county" of Waterford hospital, and shall be enabled to plead and implead, and to sue and be sued by the said name, and shall and may have a common seal for their use, Governors jn*T and may without license in mortmain purchase, take, and take lands not7 receive any lands, tenements, dr hereditaments whatsoever, feeding swt not exceeding the value of two hundred pounds, and shall be ^riptions, Sw. capable of taking gifts, grants, contributions, and benefac- &c, in tnlst. tiens, and annual subscriptions to any amount in personal property, in trust for the sole use and benefit of the infirmary or hospital of the said county of Waterford, and shall have power to employ the same for the use of the said infirmary or hospital, in such manner as they shall judge proper, unless the donor shall direct the manner of applying puch benefaction or subscription fqr the support of the said infirmary or hospital.

II. And be it enacted, That the said infirmary or hospital Hospital to be shall be erected or established the town of Kilmac-Tho- erected in town mas, in the said county of Waterford, on such scite as shall be approved of by the aforesaid corporation, and that every donor of any sum not less than twenty guineas to the said a donor of aal. infirmary or hospital, shall be governor for life; and every i5s. shall be a person who shall subscribe and pay any sum not less than governor for life, three guineas for the use of the said infirmary or hospital, ^shall be a member of the said corporation or body-corporate shall tea* for one year, from the first day of January next following member for a sueb subscription or payment. ?ear*

III. And be it enacted, That all tenants for life with re- Tenants for life mainder to the first and other sons in tail, shall be, and are may make leases hereby empowered to make fee farm grants or leases, inofgroun?to perpetuity to the said corporation, of any quantity of ground, ex^eSng 2'DOt not exceeding two acres, or of one or more houses conti-acres, and of , ffU0us with each other, at the full improved relit, which fee hou8es comi* farm grant or grants, and lease or leases, the said corpora-guou,

tien shall, and are hereby empowered to take for building and erecting the said infirmary or hospital on such ground, or for converting such house or houses into an hospftal or infirmary, for the said county.

IV. And be it enacted, That die grand jury of the said g. juries may county of Waterford, shall at the first assizes after the said present from < infirmary or hospital shall be fit for the reception of patients, ^V^Siner and at every Summer assizes after, present a sum not ex- assizes after ceeding one hundred pounds^ nor less than fifty pounds, to the1in^rmalX^i. be raised on the said county at large, and paid to the trea-ha 1

sorer of the said county, to be by him paid over to the trea-lUrer of the said infirmary or hospital, on his drafts or receipts,

4 > The Thirty-ninth Year of George III.

ceipts, which drafts or receipts shall be allowed as vouchers t« application the said county treasurer, on passing his accounts, and with of such money. j^oney shall be applied by the governors and governesses of the said infirmary or hospital, m providing food, medicines, mid other pecessaries, for the patients, in repairing the buildings, and the furniture thereof, and in paying the rents of the said infirmary or hospital.

Clauses in infir- V. And be it enacted, That all the clauses and restric-snJ ^extend- t*ons conta*^e^ the said recited acts of the fifth and of the ed to co. Wa- thirty-first years of his present Majesty, as to the mode of terford infir- electing surgeons, removing and regulating the conduct of "Tt the treasurer and servants, as to the qualifications of the

persons to be appointed, as to the salaries to b£ paid to each of them, as to the quorum and meetings of governors, mode and powers of acting in the several cases pointed out by the said recited acts, admission of patients, and the mode by which governors are enabled to compel treasurers to account, shall extend, and be deemed, construed, and taken to extend to the said infirmary of the county of Waterford, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purposes, as if the same liad been included in the said herein before recited acts.

Several penalties inflicted by different Statutes are directed to be handed to governors of infirmaries:

When such penalties shall be levied in the co. Waterford, tjiey dfiall be handed over to the governors or their treasurer.

YT. And whereas by several different Statutes enacted in this kingdom, several penalties are enacted and inflicted to be levied from persons committing the different offences specified in the said acts respectively, which said penalties, or a proportion thereof when levied, are by the said Statutes directed to be handed to the governors of the infirmary of the county in which the offence was committed, or their treasurer, for the use of the said infirmary of the said county, be it enacted, That all penalties and forfeitures inflicted by any act or acts heretofore passed, or such proportion or share of such penalties or forfeitures as shall hereafter arise, accrue, or become forfeited or payable within the county of Waterford, and which when levied is, or are by the said acts, or any of them, directed to be paid to the governors or governesses of the county infirmary, or their treasurer, or to be in any manner applied to or for the use of the county infirmary, shall be paid to the said corporation hereby created, or to their treasurer, and shall be vested in the said corporation, and may be sued for and recovered by them as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the county of Waterford had been included in the said recited acts of the fifth and thirty-first years of his present Majesty, and that an infirmary had been erected and established within the said county, under the said acts, previous to the passing of the several ?.iw» enacting or creating the said respective penalties.

CIMP.

The Thirty-ninth Year of George Ql.^7

CHAP. XIX-

-An Act for the Repairing of Cathedral Churches in Cases where the Parish Churches have been long in Ruins.

Whereas in several instances in this kingdom, the mother sereni parish churches of certain parishes or unions situate, lying, and churches have being in towns and cities which are the sees of bishops, have been in nuns, been in ruins for many years past, and the cathedral churches of such dioceses nave been made use of from 'their use of and convenient situation to serve for all legal purposes of parish churches in the parishes or unions wherein they are situated. i°e^ihy of levy-And wheseas doubts have occurred, whether under such ingfor repairs of circumstances it be legal to assess, applot, or levy from, or Mone^all^1* j upon the inhabitants of such parishes for the repair of such be applcited for cathedral churches; Be it enacted by the King's most ex- such cathedrals, cellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of die antLj?urch_ lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present minted a/for parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, parish churches* That in all such cases as before mentioned, it shall and may be lawful to assess, applot, and levy money on all such parishes unions to repair such cathedral churches, in like mannof/to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as if such cathedral churches were the parish churches of said parishes or unions, and that church-wardens shall be annually chosen cor appointed in like manner, and with like powers, and subject to the same rules and reguladons as church-wardens for parishes or unions now are in all respects.

H. And be it further enacted, That all acts heretofore had ^li acts here, and done in such cathedral churches shall be, and are hereby tofore or here-declared to be as good and valid in law, to all intents and purposes, as if such cathedral churches had been the parish££11 be valid at jrfpxrches of such parishes or unions respectively; and that if in parish $>r the future, all acts done in such cathedrals, and all ves- churches, with-tyies held therein, shall be deemed legal, as if they had been ri^htso^cathe-0 performed in the parish church of such parish or union, and drals, bishops, such cathedral churches shall be deemed and taken to bt the d*aD, parish churches of such parishes or unions respectively, with- c out prejudice to die rights, privileges, and immunities of such cathedrals, and saving to the bishops of such sees, and to the deans and chapters of such cathedrals, and their ser veral and respective and distinct rights, privileges, and immunities in such cathedrals; any thing in this act to the $on* frary in any wise notwithstanding.

CHAP.

g The thirty-ninth Year George III.

CHAP. XXXIII.,

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Thirty eight Year of the Reign of His Majesty, Entitled, An Act for the Sale of His Majesty's Quit Rents9 Crown Rents9 and other Jtents9 and of the Lands forfeited in the Years One thousand six hundred and forty-one9 and One thousand six hundred and eighty-eighty and other Lands yet remaining undisposed of9 in such Manner and under such Provisions as are therein mentioned.

'Whereas by an Act passed in the thirty-eight year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An Act for the sale of his Majesty's quit rents9 crown rents9 and other rents9 and of the lands forfeited in the years one thousand six hundred and forty-one9 and one thousand six hundred and eighty-eighty and other lands remaining undisposed of9 in such manner and under such provisions as are therein mentioned9 it is amongst

By 38 G. 3. c. other things provided and enacted, That after the expiration InceV^fobe s*x ment^ls from the passing of the said act, no preference given to propri- shall be given to any person purchasing any such relit on etors after 6 account of any such person being the owner or proprietor of Snts soliTunder t*ie or other the premises out of which such relit is

16 years pur- payable, and every such relit shall be sold for the greatest chase: price which shall be offered for the same, not less than six-

The clause pro- teen years purchase. And whereas it is thought expedient ^de"?68years rePea^ 80 much of the said act as enacts, That every such

turchase is relit shall be sold for the greatest price which shall be offered

erebyr^pealed.for the same not less than sixteen years purchase; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords* spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said clause in the said recited act, which enacts, That every such relit shall be sold for the greatest price which shall be offered for the same, not less than sixteen years purchase, be, and the same ia heni y repealed.

From 6 April,

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the a^lS 8^xt^ day April next, after the passing of this act, every be sold for Y suqh quit and crown relit which shall then be and remain un-highest price, sold by virtue of the before recited act, shall and may be sold ^ars^urchasen manner and form as by the said act is specified, for the lor 51?a year*; greatest price which shall be offered for the same, not less other rents as than twenty years purchase for such rents as exceed five said kuT* pounds annual relit, and for such rents as do not exceed five pounds, not less than the rates prescribed by the said act for the sale of such rents within the term of six months from the passing of the said act, any thing in the said recited act to the contrary notwithstanding.

e

The thirty ninth Year ^ George III.9

10. And be it further enacted, That when any lands, te- Lordtoftrva* nements, hereditaments, or tithes vested in his Majesty in turf^}amm right of his crown, shah be proposed to be sold by the said lord high treasurer, or of for executing the office fotovafoeat of lord high treasurer, by and with the consent of the lord taxbt &c. lieutenant, it shall and may be lawful for the said lord high treasurer or the of for executing the office of when thcyw lord high treasurer, and they are hereby required, under their to b«*. hands and seals, to execute a precept to seven discreet men of the county in which such lands shall lie, (four of whom shall be justices of the peace for such county, ) requiring them, and they are hereby empowered by the oaths of credible witnesses, to enquire and ascertain the annual value of such lands by their several sub-denominations, as if the same were then to be set to solvent tenants, and to report the said iwvnwit value to the said lord high treasurer, or lords commissionerswhichir&p-for executing, the office of lord high treasurer, and the said o^lsnds lord high treasurer or lords of as aforesaid, shall uJyJ

ley the said report before his excellency the lord lieutenant 90 yrtn for his Approbation, and if the said report shall meet with the purchase, approbation of the lord lieutenant, then it shall and may be lawful for (he said lord high treasurer or lords of for executing the office of lord high treasurer, to sell and convey such lands or hereditaments by such mode of conveyance, and in such manner as by the said recited act is prescribed, for a sum or sums of money not less, in any instance, than twenty years purchase of the value so to be found and approved as aforesaid, to the highest bidder for the same, the said sale to be had subject to such notices, and under such regulations, as are prescribed by the said recited act.

IV. And whereas in many instances it may occur, that Value tf out-outstanding leases of the said lands, tithes, and hereditaments »tandhTig laowei from his Majesty to the tenant or tenants of the same are {Jucu?out of subsisting: Be, it therefore enacted by the authority afore- gross value of said. That such leases may be valued, and the value ascer- land*, tained by such commission as aforesaid; and if the value of

such lease or leases so found and returned, shall be approved by the lord lieutenant, then and in that case, it shall and may be lawful for the said of for executing the office of lord high treasurer, to deduct the value of such lease or leases out of the gross purchase money of the said lands, to be calculated at the rate aforesaid, and at the value aforesaid, and on payment of the difference between the value of such subsisting interests, and the gross value of such lands, to execute such instruments, and to convey such lands as aforesaid to the purchaser or purchasers thereof.

V. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained, This or recited

or in the said recited act contained, shall be construed, act not deemed, or taken to be mandatory on the said lord high tofeu.

treasurer

By

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

treasurer or lords of for executing the office of lord high treasurer, to sell or convey, or to propose to sell or convey, or to treat with any person or persons for a sale or conveyance of any of the said quit rents, crown rents, lands, tenements, tithes, or hereditaments, but that it shall he in his or their discretion at all times, by and with the con* sent of the lord lieutenant, to carry the provisions of this act into effect, when and as often as to him or ^hem it may seem meet, any thing in the said recited act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CHAP. XXXVI.

An Act to explain, amend, qnd extend the Provisions of an Act passed last Session of Parliament, Entitled, An Act to prevent Persons from returning to His Majesty's Domt-nions, who have been or shall be transported, banished, or exiled on Account of the present Rebetlion9 and to prohibit them from passing into any Country at War with His Majesty*

8 Gr. S. c. 78.

Persons concerned in the rebellion have been tried by martial law, and ordered to be transported or banished

some persons were enlarged on recognizances to banish themselves;

such persons shall be transported or banished, as if sentenced by due course pi law,

Whereas since passing the said act, several persons who have been in arms against his Majesty, or had otherwise acted in the said rebellion, being made prisoners by his Majesty* forces, have by the orders of the general officers commanding his Majesty's forces employed for the suppression of the said rebellion, been brought to trial according to martial law, and have from circumstances of alleviation or compassion been saved from the punishment due to their crimes, and ordered to be transported or banished from this kingdom, and some such persons who have acted in the said rebellion, have on be* ing apprehended for such their crimes, been enlarged on their entering into cognizance or other securities, conditioned that such persons Should banish themselves from this kingdom, at the times and in the manner respectively mentioned in the condition of such recognizances or sureties: And whereas it is essential to the public safety and welfare, to carry such orders and conditions respectively into effect, and to provide against the continuance of all such persons in this kingdom, or their return into the same, be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said several persons shall be transported or banished, according to the said respective orders or conditions in the said recognizances or sureties mentioned, as full and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if they had received sentence by dtfe course <?f law,

II, An*

The thirty ninth Year of George III.

11

II. And be it enacted, That if any person qt persona who Per*>?s io #en" hath or have been so sentenced to be transported or banished, entered intoh# or ordered so to be since the sixth day of October, one thou- such recogni-sand seven hundred and ninety-eight, or who at any time since zances, and re-the twenty-third day of Mays one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, have entered into recognizances, or given other without licen§c, sureties conditioned for their transportation or banishment shall be tran»- from this kingdom, shall return to or be at large in this king- Ported for life, dom within the time limited for his, her, or their transportation, banishment* or exile, or contrary to the several conditions of such recognizances or other sureties respectively, unless by a license for that purpose first had and obtained from his Majesty, his heirs or successors, every person so returning or being at large, shall be deemed a felon, and shall on conviction be transported for his or her life.

III. And be it enacted, That all general officers who have Officers of jus-commanded his Majesty's forces for suppressing the said re- f?ce to return bellion, and also all justices of peace, or commanding officers, Ordere/t"be* by or before whom such recognizances as aforesaid, were transported, or entered into* or other sureties were taken as aforesaid, shall yho entered within two months from the day of passing this act, give in nuances) within and si^n nlist of the persons who have been so transported 2 months after

or banished, or ordered so to be, or who by their said recog- passing this act, nizance or recognizances, or other sureties as aforesaid, have crown^ofKing's submitted as aforesaid, to be transported or banished respec- bench wit judge tively, setting forth the name and description of each person, advocates attes-and the term for which they have been so transported or ba- and Tecog^' nished, or submitted so to be respectively, since the said sixth zances, &c. day of October, one thousand seven Hundred and ninety- °n oath of offi-eight, to the clerk of the crown of his Majesty's court 0fcer or justice. King'g bench, together with the attestation on oath, of the person who may have acted in the character of judge advocate, or president of the tribunal by whom the said persons were tried and ordered to be so dealth with, and the recognizance or recognizances, or other sureties as aforesaid* so taken or entered into as aforesaid, with the attestation on oath of the - v said commanding officer or justice of the peace beforewhom the same was entered into; and such lists shall be filed in the lists to be filed, office of the said clerk of the crown, at the city of Dublin, and andball be evi-Upon the trial of any person for returning into this kingdom, so^return^* or being at large within the same without a license as aforesaid, such list so filed as aforesaid, or a copy of the same duly proved, shall be admitted as evidence of his or her having been so transported or banished, or having submitted to be transported or banished respectively as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Trials maY be That all offences constituted felony by this act, shall and may county, ^own, be enquired of, examined, tried, and determined in his Ma- &c.'

jesty's court of King's bench, by a jury of, the county, or county of the city of Dublin, or any other court of competent

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

tent jurisdiction in any county, or county of a city, or comity of a town in this kingdom, in such manner and form as if the offence so constituted felony had been therein committed, as G.a. c.*o. v. And whereas by an act made in the thirty-sixth year of the reign of his Majesty, entitled An Act more effectually'to suppress insurrection, and prevent the disturbance of the public peace«> and the several acts for continuing and amending the same, his Majesty is at liberty to employ in his army or navy, the several persons therm mentioned to be convicted as disorderly persons, under the provisions in said act mentioned: And whereas it may be found dangerous to employ -such persons in his Majesty's land or naval forces; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to transfer and engage the said services of the said several persona respectively, in like manper and under the like conditions and provisions to the army or navy of any other European powers that are now in amity or alliance, or that may hereafter be in amity and alliance with his Majesty, his heirs and successors, which said engagements shall be considered as enlistments in the said armies and navies as valid to all intents and purposes as if the same were made in the array or navy of his Majesty under the provisions of the said recited

«uch persons may be transferred to serve iu armies or navies of European powers In amity with his Majesty.

act.

Not to affect the

VI. Provided always, and be it declared and enacted,

That nothing in this act contained shall be deemed or con-

lorthesupprei-1 8t'rued to alter, or in any manner affect an Act passed in this most of rebellion, session, entitled, An Act for the suppression of the rebellion which still unhappily exists within this kingdom, and for the protection of the persons and properties (f his Majesty's faithful subjects within the same.

CHAP. XLVI.

An Act for amending an Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Entitled, An Act for improving and repairing the Roads leading from the City of Dublin to Ratoath and Curragha, and jof altering and amending an Act passed in the Thirty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for making, widening, and repairing the Road leading from the City of Dublin to Ratoath, and for erecting Turnpikes thereon, in Aid of Barony Presentments.

Whereas an act of parliament passed in the thirty-seventh ^<5*s°c so y<*r of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act 1*for improving and repairing the Roads leading from the city

of Dublin to Ratoath and Curragha, and for altering and

amending

The thirtymnth Year of George III. i£

amending an act passed in the thirty-fifth Year of the reign of his present Majesty r entitled, An Act for making r mdemng, and repairing the Road leading from the city of Dublin to Rat oath f and for erecting turnpikes thereon in aid of barony presentments: And whereas it would be expedient that there geparate tru»-Should be separate trustees for each of the said roads, be it tees Should b* therefore enacted by' the King's most excellent Majesty, by aPPoin^; and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That his grace the arch- names of mis* bishop of Dublin, the earl of Fatnham, earl Conyngham, tees of road from lord Aehbrooke, lord Monck, right honorable John Foster, ^"b|j1st^oug, i reverend Maurice Collis, reverend Anthony Darby, reverend Curragira. William Dobbyn, reverend Robert Martin, reverend Francis Pentland, colonel Rochford, Christopher Abbott, John Alley, Henry Baker, John Bayley, George Cavendish, George Carroll, Alexander Carroll, John Chamley, Nicholas Doyle,

John Garnett, Henry Garnett, Hamilton Gorges* Hamilton Gorges, junior, William Green, George Greene,

John Greene, William*Greene, junior, Hans Hamilton,

James IJenshall, William Mason, Robert Mayne, Thomas

Mu tall, Gerald O'Farrel, George Putland, Matthew Pearson, Thomas Savage, Paul Savage, James Savage, Bernard Shaw, William Smyth, Thomas Trotter, William Wainright,

Charles Walker, Eidward Winder, and John Wolfe, esquires, be and are hereby appointed trustees of the road from the city of Dublin, through Finglass, to Curragha, beginning at the Circular Road, and ending at the boundary of the county of Meath; and that the earl of Bective, right honorable names of trul</ John Toler, reverend John Brinkley, John Brassington, Ed- tees from ward Bulkley, James Cane, Frederick Falkner, John Gar- Dublin, by nett, Henry Garnett, John Paine Garnett, James Hamilton,

Henry Hamilton, Hans Hamilton, Richard Jones, Gorges Lowtner, Brett Neville, John Pentland, William Rathborne,

Henry Stevens Reilly, Edmond Rorke, Thomas Savage,

Paul Savage, James Savage, Nicholas Doyle, William Clarke,

Richard Brassington, and Joshua Spencer, esquires, colonel Rochford, baron Dillon, John Preston, Hamilton Gorges, senior, Hamilton Gorges, junior, Robert Johnston, Robert O'Hara? James Whitestone, John Metge, reverend doctor Connor, reverend Mr. Campbell^ reverend Mr. O'Neill,

Thomas Kemmis, Stuart King, and William Johnston, esquirea* be, and are hereby appointed trustees of the road leading from the city of Dublin, by Cabra to Ratoath, between the circular road and the boundary of die county of Meath.

U. And be it further enacted, That whenever any of the g trustees of either of the said roads shall die or resign, it trustees fnay shall be lawfhl for the remaining trustees of such road, elect other*, or any seven of them, at any meeting, to elect a person

to

Trustees of Ratoath road to meet on 1st day of Hilary, and trustees of Curragha Toad on 1st of Easter term; accottnts'to be furnished by directors to trustees.

trustees to elect 5 directors, who may continue as herein directed.

The following tolls shall be taken, in lieu of former tolls, viz.

for every, coach, chaise, &c. drawn by 6 or more horses, 2s. 8£d.

drawn by or 5 horses, Is. 7£d.

if drawn by 2 or 8 horses.

Is. Id.

if drawn by 1 horse 6£d. l£d. per.horse, drawing waggon, cart, car, &c. with streaks of wheels set on as herein when set on as herein, 3d. when set on herein, Is.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

to be a trustee in his stead, and so as often as a vacancy shall happen by the death or resignation of any person so chosen.

III. And be it further enacted, That the trustees of each of the said roads shall meet at the four courts of the city of Dublin, the trustees of said Ratoath road on the first sitting day of Hilary term in every year, and the trustees of the Curragha road on the first sitting day of Easter term in every year, and that the directors of each road shall, at such meeting, furnish to the trustees of each road an account of the several sums which have been received and expended upon such road, and of the state thereof* and of the several repairs iand improvements which have been made thereon, and what further improvements are necessary; and that the trustees of such road shall, at such meeting, elect by ballot from amongst themselves, five persons to be directors of such road, which directors so chosen, shall continue in the office of directors until the first Thursday in the February next ensuing, or until others shall be chosen in their room; provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to prevent the trustees of either of the said roads from reelecting Che same persons to be directors of such road.

IV. And be it enacted, That in lieu of the tolls heretofore taken upon the said roads, the following tolls be taken at every gate upon the said roads, before any. horse, mare, gelding, ass, mule, cattle, coach, chariot, landau, phaeton, cabriolet, curricle, chaise, gingle, jaunting car, waggon, cart, car, or other carriage, shall be permitted to go through the same; that is to say, for every coach, landau, chariot, chaise, phaeton, cabriolet, curricle, or chair, if drawn by six horses or other beasts, or by more than six, the sum of two shillings and eight pence halfpenny; if drawn by four or five horses or other beasts, the sum of one shilling and seven pence halfpenny; if drawn by two or three norses or other beasts, the sum of one shilling and one penny; and if drawn by one horse, or other beast Only, the sum of six pence halfpenny; for every waggon, wain, gingle, jaunting car, dray, cart, car, tumbler, or other carriage, not herein before charged, if the streakes or shoeing of the wheels thereof shall be set on with counter-sunk flat-headed nails, bolts or screws, and shall be three inches or more in breadth, the sum of three halfpence; for every horse or other beast drawing the same, and if the streaks or sfioeing of the wheels thereof shall be set on in like manner, and shall be less than three inches m breadth, the sum of three pence for every horse or beast drawing the same; and if any of the streaks or shoeing of any of the wheels of any such carriage shall be set on with one or more high or sprig-headed nails, bolts, or screws, not being counter-sunk and fiat-headed, be the breadth thereof what it may, the sum of one shilling for every

15

The thirty ninth Year of George III.

very horse or other beast drawing the same; for every id. per hor horse, mare, N gelding, ass or mule, loaden er unloaden, the loaden or un-sum of one penny; for every drove of oxen, cows, or neatloadea cattle, the sum of twenty pence by the score, and so in proportion for any greater or less number; for every drove of and a score calves, sheep, lambs or pigs, the sum of ten pence by the for oxen, &c. «core, and so in proportion for any greater or less number.

VI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the TrU8te^8

trustees of either of the said roads to remove any director of remove dirw-such road who shall omit to attend at any meeting of the tors for non-at-directors for four months, and to elect another director in the tenda?f e for*room of the director so removed. mont

VII. And, be it further enacted, That this shall be A public Act. deemed, adjudged and taken to be a public act, and judicially taken notice of as such, by all jiidges, justices and

other persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CHAP. XLVIL

An Act for improving and repairing the Road leading from Newcastle, tn the county of Limerick, to the City of Limerick, and from thence to Charleville, in th€ County of Cork, and for repealing the several Lam heretofore made relating to said Road. }

Whereas the several laws now in being, and heretofore Lawi in bein* made for repairing and keeping in repair the road leading ^ad^'x.°s^G. from Newcastle, in the county of Limerick, and from thence 2.22! 19 G. 2. to the bounds of the county of Cork to Charleville, have 19- 28 G. 3.28. been found by experience to be ineffectual, and it is expe- freto^cctaal dient, that the same be repealed, and one law made for the better effecting the purposes thereby intended; be it enactedaid lawi are by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the ad- hereby repealed, vice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after die first day of May next, the said several laws so heretofore made, and now jn being, relating to the said road, be, and the same are hereby repealed, and made null and void.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Persons herein the earl of Clare, the earl of Kingston, lords Massey, Glent- named shall b« worth, and Carbery, sir Richard Qin, baronet, sir Vere of the^road from Hunt, baronet, honourable John Massey, houoUrable Ed- Newcastle to ward Massey, John Waller, esquire, William Odell, es- Charleville. quire, Standish Grady, of Elton, esquire, Standish Grady, of Grange, esquire, William Thomas Monsell, esquire,

Richard Oliver, esquire, Charles Silver Oliver, esquire,

Edward Crqker, of Balfyneguard, esquire, the reverend

Thomas

The thirty*ninth Year, of George III.

Thomas Grady, clerk, reverend William Rose, Thomas Rice, esquire, Stephen Rice, esquire, William Monsell* esquire, De Courcv O'Grady, esquire, Darby O'Grady, esquire, William Wilson, esquire, John Thomas Monsell, esquire, Thomas Goodriche Peacock, esquire, the reverend George Studdart, John Prendergast Smyth, esquire, Charles Vereker, esquire, Ralph Westropp, the elder, esquire, John Westropp, esquire, Samuel Dickson^ esquire, the reverend Chancellor Maunsell, Terence Monsell, esquire, Richard Taylor, the elder, esquire, Richard Taylor, the younger, esquire, William Massey, esquire, James Massy, esquire, John Pigott, esquire, Henry Fosbery, esquire, Francis Fosbery, esquire, William Thomas Locke, esquire, Henry Baylee, esquire, William Ryves, of Ryves-Castle, esquire, the Reverend doctor Maunsell, Pryce Peacock, esquire, the honourable and reverend dean Crosbie, Meredith Monsell, esquire, the mayor of Limerick for the time being, the high sheriff of the county of Limerick, for the time being, George Smyth, esquire, James Cooper, esquire, John Villiers, esquire, Christopher Tuthill, esquire, John Green, esquire, Thomas Odell, esquire, Thomas Monsell, esquire, John Dickson, esquire, Edward Dean Freeman, esquire, Denis Lyons, esquire, Henry Harding, esquire, Edward Mash, esquire, Eyre Evans, esquire, Cliid-ley Coote, esquire, John Browne, the younger, esquire, ? Anthony Lefroy, esquire, Standish O'Grady, esquire, Wil-

liam Smyth, esquire, Joseph Gabbett, esquire, William Gabbet, esquire, George Maunsell, esquire, William Hare, esquire, the elder, William Hare, esquire, the younger, Richard Harte, esquire, George Hewson, esquire, Robert Briscoe, esquire, Robert Crips, esquire, Joseph Furlong, esquire, the Reverend John Ellard, John Grady, esquire, Thomas Fitz-Gibbon, esquire, and John Creagh, esquire, be and they are hereby appointed of of the said road leading from Newcastle to the city of Limerick, and from thence to Charleville, in the county of Cork, and the several persons heretofore named, appointed, or elected trustees in or by virtue of the former acts, or any of them, so hereby repealed, and who are not hereby appointed of, shall henceforth cease to be trustees for repairing former trustees, said road: Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein con-si araTshaR tained shall destroy or diminish such securities or contracts

cease, but, con- £s have been heretofore passed for money due to the said tracts or securi- trustees of the said road, and which are hereby declared to bTinlu*ed1°and an(^re hereby vested in the said last mentioned cora-they shall be missioners for the purpose of carrying this present act into vested in said execution, with all the like remedies and powers for reco-^th^l^owers very thereof as were vested in the said former trustees, or powers, ^destroy or diminish such securities, contracts, or other engagements, as have been heretofore passed or entered

into.

The thirty-ninth Year g^ George UJ- IT

) hato, and which now remain actually due by the aajd far*

Spi$r trustees to the creditors, or persons entitled thereto,

tad who shall have all and every the like remedies and pow* erg of recovering such sum or sums as shall be, and appear d really and bona fide due upon the foot thereof respectively,

in like manner as if the said former laws were still in being and unrepealed.

III. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That An isms now all and every the sum and sums of money now due, or in due shall be the hands of any person whatsoever, arising from the tolls of

said road, shall from and after the passing of this act be, and are hereby vested in, and shall belong to the of herein named and their successors, and accordingly shall be paid over to them, or such person or persons as they, or any seven of them shall lawfully authorize to receive the same, and the same, when so received, shall be by them applied to, and for the purpose of defraying the expences of passing this act, and of carrying the same into execution in manner as herein after particularly declared and mentioned.

IV. And be it enacted, That in case of any default of Sums due may payment within one month after demand in writing, to be be recovered signed by any seven or more of said of, it shall ^er^Smmd and may be lawful for the said of to sue for and signed by 7*recover, and accordingly they shall be entitled to recover commwocers; from the person or persons indebted or witholding such sum

or sums as shall appear and be proved to be due by them, or which they ought to have received, and which had belonged to, or was or were before the passing of this act subject 16 the order or direction of said former trustees, or which shall be remaining in the hands of such person or persons, although the same had been by any former act, or by any order of the said trustees otherwise directed or appropriated, in case such sum or sums shall scot before the passing of this act have been actually and boru^side applied in pusuance of any former act or order concerning the same, and that the sura or sums so to interest and be sued for and recovered shall be awarded with interest costs to be thereon from one month after such previous demand, at the rate of six pounds by the hundred by the year, together with wedf*0" the full costs and charges attending, all such proceedings which shall be had or taken in law?r equity for recovery, thereof.

V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Commstioners

said of shall assemble between the hours of twelve to assemble at and two o'clock in the afternoon, on the last Tuesday in i^n^idk8ori* April after the passing of this act, at the county court-house the lastTuesd. hi Limerick, or in case of failure thereof, on the Tuesday in April, or "4 next succeeding, or any future Tuesday, and that seven com- 7 to

ipissioners shall be necessary to constitute a meeting of the constituted said of, and that the act of the majority shall be mating;

Vol.DL B the

IS

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

When a commissioner dies or resigns another shall be chosen by remainder.

All acts of com-

meetingfi may the act of, and binding upon the said of, an<L

adjourned, that jt shall and may be lawful to and for the said pommis-but must be 1T1.A J

or near the city woners to adjourn any meeting from time to -time, but that

of Limerick, the place of meeting must always be in the city of Limerick,

or some place adjoining thereto.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when ever any of the said of herein appointed by name, or of their successors, shall happen to die or resign, it shall be lawful for the remaining of, or any* seven or more of them, on the first Tuesday in any month, ta ellect a person to be a commissioner in his stead, and s* from time to time, during tfye continuance of this act, as often as a vacancy shall happen by the death or resignation of any person so chosen.

VII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all missioners shall acts to be done by the said of, or any seven or heldash^b more them, or any majority/of seven or more of them, directed.ere Y under the authority of this act, shall be done and transacted

only at meetings or boards to be held as aforesaid, on the first Tuesday in every month, ot at an adjournment of any of said*' meetings, in manner as herein before directed.

An officer to be

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, treaTiTre^and That the said of, or any seven or more of thexp, register, at60L shall, at their first meeting after the passing of this act, or aL a year, who any subsequent meeting, appoint an officer, who shall act as shall ^vesecu- treasurer and register at a yearly salary, not exceeding sixty rity'lodged with pounds sterling, who shall, on being so elected, enter into treasurer of co. security before the* said of for the faithful ex-Lhnenck. ecution of his duty, agreeable to the directions of this act, himself in the sum of one thousand pounds, and two sureties im the sum of five hundred pounds each, which security shall be lodged with the treasurer of the county of Limerick, and such treasurer, so elected, shall give notice of, and attend at all mettings of the said of, and take down an entry of their proceedings in a journal to be kept for that purpose.

IX. Provided nevertheless, That the treasurer so ellected shall, from time to time, pay into the bank of Thomas and Robert Maunsell and company, or such other bank as said of shall appoint, all and every sum and sums of money exceeding the sum of fifty pounds sterling, which shall come into his hands in virtue of his said appointment, on failure of which he is to forfeit his years' salary.

X. And provided also. That it shall and may be lawful for any seven or more of Said of, at any future meeting, to remove said treasurer, and appoint a new ope; notice of a meeting to be Held for that special purpose being

Limerick paper, given in one of the Limerick newspapers, at least fourteen days before such meeting shall be held/

Duty of treasurer.

Commissioners may remove treasurer, on giving l^tiays notice, in a

Tke thirty-ninth Year of George 11L 19

XI. And be it enacted by the authority 'aforesaid, That Two supervisors the said of, or any seven or more of them, shall to be appointed, at their first meeting after the passing of this act, or at any subsequent meeting to be had, appoint two or more persons

to be and act as supervisors of the said road, to be divided in four divisions, in manner as herein after mentioned, at such salaries as the said of shall think fit, not exceeding in and for any division the yearly sum of twenty shillings per mile for superintending the repairs of said road, each and every of which supervisors shall, previous to his acting as such, take and subscribe an oath, in the words following, which oath any of said of i$ hereby empowered to administer: , '

I A.B. do swear. That I will diligently and honestly ex- Oath to be scute the office of supervisor of suck part of \ the road from*«" by Newcastle to Limerick, and from thence to Charleville, as visor8* shall he committed to my care, and that I will, according to the best of my skill ana knowledge, execute all lawful orders given to me by the of of the said roaa, and that I wifi, when called upon by the said of, or any of them, account for all money which shall be confided in, or be received by me in virtue of, and for the purpose of carrying this act into execution. '

XII. And be it further enacted by the T authority aforesaid, Duty of iuper-That each supervisor so to be elected in virtue of this act, visor8<

shall attend and see that all orders and works directed and ordered by the said of be properly executed and performed, and shall make returns and reports when required, from time to time, to the said of superintending his particular district of the state, nature, and circumstances of mat part of said road, and shall remove all nuisances, encroachments, and obstructions thereon; and whenever any part of said road shall be repaired, each supervisor shall give

m a report in writing, signed by him, to the next meeting of said of after such road shall have been repaired,

of the manner in which said work has bedn done, which re- treasurers to ports the treasurer is hereby directed to keep, in order if such keep super-report shall not appear to be accurately made, the salary of vlsors reports, such supervisor may be stopped.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Supervisors to N That every such supervisor shall, when and so often as.he make returns of shall be thereunto required, return to the said of and cfThei?0 what nuisances, encroachments, or offences against this act own proceed-he has found or observed Respecting the said road, what steps inss» w^n re-he has taken to remove or remedy them, what penalties he

has levied, and the several days on which he has inspected

{be said road.

B 2 XIV. And

90

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

Sudden breaches

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, J'aTb"Paired That every supervisor shall have power to repair any sud-n anPorderra* den breaches or holes which he may observe in any part of from 2 cornmis- said road, first receiving an order for the purpose, from and

sioners, HO( ex — <«n/1n« tVin Vtnnsl rtf nnn fnrA A/\wiinnirtwrtKn«rm/* tV>/> «nnn*!n

ceeding 50s.

Road to be divided into districts, intendants thereof to be chosen from amongst of.

under the hand of any two of having the superjn tendance of , that part of said road within his district as aforesaid, and the expence thereof, not exceeding fifty shillings, shall be laid before the of at their next meeting, and upon his making oath of the expenditure, and specifying the particulars thereof, they or any seven or more of them may order the said expences to be paid by the treasurer.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ict? and super- ^or ^ie more speedy effecting die making and repairing of all itendants P and every part of toe said road, it shall and may be lawful for

l* — the said of, or any Seven of them, at their said

first meeting, or at next or any future meeting, to parcel

out the said road from Newcastle to Limerick, and from

thence to Charleviile, in lots or districts of not less than one mile, or more than four miles in each lot, and to nominate, choose and appoint from amongst the whole number of of herein before named, two or more commissioner^ who shall be willing and desirous, or to whom it may seem convenient to superintend and manage a given district of, or proportion of said road so parcelled out in lots as aforesaid, and to whom the said supervisors shall resort from time to'time for instructions in respect to the making and repairing — the same, subject however to the controul or order of the' sub^c^to con-3' of at large, or any three or more of them, at any troul of com- board duly assembled, to whom the of so appoint-missioners at ed for specially superintending the repairs of each lot or dis-, arge; trict, shall make report from time to time, when required,

superintendants Of the state condition thereof, and of the conduct of any to iiiuc reports*» j # i«*

when required* supervisor employed in superm tending the same; and m case

of neglect of duty, or disobedience, of ordefs by any supervisor, it shall be lawful for any two or more of so appointed to the care of his district, to suspend such supervisor, and appoint another in his stead, until the matter of complaint Should be investigated at the next public board.

Supervisors may

XVI. Provided nevertheless, That it shall be lawful for be suspended, the said of at large, or any three of them, at such ti^no^boai^03* public board, or at apy adjournment thereof, to hear and on oar.determine on the conduct of such supervisor, and to act as'to them shall seem meet.

Pay-gates and

XVII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That foiWiousesmay from and after the said first day of May next, it shall and established, may foe lawful for the said of, or any seven or toil* collected5, wore of them to establish or erect, or cause to be established viz.*or erected, one or more pay-gate or pay-gates upon and

across any part or parts of the said road, and to build, hire.

supervisors to receive instructions from superior subject t

The tkiriy-ninth Year of George Iff. 81

or tent a toll-house* convenient to every Such gate, tod to demand and take in each of the said divisions by such person or persons, or their deputies, collectors or gatekeepers, as they or any seven or more of them shall authorize so to do, in lieu of the tolls heretofore collected at the several gates on the said road, in virtue of the said former acts, the following tolls at every such gate, before any beast or carriage shall be permitted to go through the same, that is to say, for every coach, landau, chariot, chaise, phaeton, every coach, cabriolet, curricle, or chair, if drawn by six horses, or other^beasts, or by more than six, the sum of two shillings and horses, eight pence halfpenny; if drawn by four or five horses, or 2s. s$d. other beasts, the sum of two shillings and two pence; drawii by two or three horses, or other beasts, the sum of drawn by a one shilling and one penny; and if drawn by one horse orws, is. id. other beast, only the sum of six pence halfpenny; for every l*

waggon, wain, dray* cart, car, or other carriage, not herein waggon, &c. before charged, if the streaks or shoeing of the wheels with streak* thereof, shall be set on with countersunk flat headed nails, bolts, or screws, and shall be four inches or more in breadth, inches the sum of one penny for every horse or beast drawing the broad, id. per same; and if the streaks or shoeing of the wheels thereof hor3f5 shall be set on in like manner, and shall be less than four j* inches, but not less than three inches in breadth, the sum per t^rse; of one penny halpenny for every horse or other beast drawing the same; and if the streaks or shoeing of the wheels thereof shall be set on in like manner, and shall be less than three inches ia breadth, the sum of two pefice for every horse or other beast drawing the same; and if the streaks or shoe- if less than a ing of the wheels of any such carriage shall be set on with inch8^/ high or spring-headed nails, bolts, or screws, or with any p*nails, bolts, or screws, not being countersunk and flatheaded, the sum of two pence for every horse or beast draw- 2d. per horse if ing the same; for every horse, mare, or gelding, ass or mule ^etor

loader* or unloaden, toe sum of one penny halfpenny; for spring-headed0 every drove of oxen, cows, or neat cattle, the sum of two nails; every shillings and six pence by the score, and so in proportion for any greater or less number; for every drove of calves, sheep, lambs or pigs, the sum of one shilling by the score, and so is. a score for in proportion for any greater or less number. calves &c.

XVIII. Provided always, That for every car whose wheels a1y ld\feL|d however narrow they may; be, shall be formed and put on so where wh!Uu*as to turnaround the axle-tree, and whose axle-tree shall be turn round axle* fixed so as not to turn round with the wheels, the sum of tree8>ami one penny only, and no more shall be demanded or taken at onSwhh any such gate for each horse or other beast drawing the same, countersunk

if the streaks or shoeing of such wheels be set on with coun- flat-headed tersunk flat-headed nails, bolts, or screws. nail8,

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any five of of the said road to alter the situ- altered

ntion

Nor to intercept communication between roads repaired by presentment, Wkhin 40 perches of each other.

passengers

With same cattle and carriages to piv but once a day, in same -division; tickets to be produced;

collector to forfeit f*. for fiot giving a ticket.

Other passengers in carriages shall pay toll on pame day.

Carriages returning with Same passengers, or empty

The th; rty-ninth Year of George III.

ation of any of the said pay-gates within such districts of the said road, and to add such other pay-gates upon and acroaa any part of the present line of said road, or of any new line of said road, or upon and across any part of the same, pr on the side of the said present, or of any new line of said road across any lane or way leading out of either of the said lines of road within such ilistrict, and to build, hire, or relit a toll-house for every such gate, and there to demand and receive by such person or persons as they shah authorize thereto, such tolls as are appointed by this act to be taken at any gate within such district of the said road, and that every such gate shall be deemed a pay-gate.

Xa. Provided always, That no gate shall be erected across any lane leading into the said road, or across the said road, so as to intercept the communication between any twb roads repaired by presentment, where the said road<«o repaired by presentment shall lead into the said turnpike road, opposite to, or within forty perches of each other.

XXI. And be it Anther enacted, That no passenger or passengers with the same cattle anil carriage snail be liable to pav any of the said tolls aforesaid, more than once in the same day within the same division, but that every^passen-ger or passengers having paid such toll once in any one division may, during the remainder of the same day, every such day to be computed from twelve o'clock at night to twelve o'clock the succeeding night, pass and re-pass toll fine through every pay-gate in the same division, with the same cattle and carriage for which such toll has been paid, on producing a ticket denoting the payment of such toH, and containing such other patters as are herein required respecting the same; which ticket every collector is required to give gratis on receiving the toll, upon pain of forfeiting five shillings for every omission or refusal, upon conviction before any Justice of the peace of the county in which the offence shall be committed, or before any of the said of, every of whom are hereby authorized to examine into the same, and administer oaths for that purpose.

XXII. Provided always, nevertheless that any other passenger or passengers travelling with the same cattle or carriage which hath been so charged as aforesaid, shall be liable to and accordingly be charged the like toll as herein before mentioned, with the same cattle or carriage notwithstanding toll had been before paid for the same cattle or carriage by other passenger or passengers within the same division in the same day, it being the true intent and meaning hereof, that each and every person and persons travelling in carriages shall contribute to, and be liable to defray the expence of repairing and keeping in repair the said turnpike road.

XXIII. Provided also, That such cattle or carriages so before charged with the payment of toll in the same division in

any

The thirty-ninth Year of George TIL

any one day, shall not on returning with the same passenger ghau not p or passengers, or without any passenger or passengers, be li- again, able to the payment of any further or other toll than as'

aforesaid. , Tolls mar be

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- ieviedby said, That if any person shall refuse to pay the toll payable distress, by him or her in virtue of this act, it shall be lawful for

rite collector thereof, or person acting as such, to levy the v same by distress of the horse or horses, or other beast or beasts, carriage or\ carriages upon which the toll is by this act imposed, or upon the goods or chattels of the person or persons who ought to pay the same; and such horse or horses, or other beast or beasts, carriage or carriages, or goods and chattels may be detained until such toll snail be paid wit{i the reasonable charges of such-distress, and if the same shall Cattle or cannot be paid within four days, it shall be lawful for the collector or person acting as such, to sell the same by public tolls, and may auction, at any time after the expiration of the said four be sold after days, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner or owners 4*?*» on demand, after payment of the said toll, and the full ex- overplus to pence of such distress and sale.*owners*

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall forcibly or wilfully

go or pass with any horse, beast, or carriage, through any forcibly, or pay-gate on the said road without paying the toll by this committing

act required, or producing a proper ticket as aforesaid at such offLces here* pay-gate, or shall knowingly or designedly assault, interrupt, in mentioned, or obstruct any of the collectors, or persons employed in collecting or receiving any of the said tolls, or in any other manner in the execution of his or their employment of receiver or collector, or shall injure any gate or tbll -house, or any globes or lamps, or any list of tolls or other abstract from this act, or from the proceedings of the of acting thereunder, which shall be erected pr placed upon, or near any such gate or toll-house, or shah assault, obstruct, or interrupt any overseer acting under, and in the execution of any part of this act, or shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or shall'/ deliver to, or receive from any other person or persons any note or ticket with an intent to avoid the payment of any of the said tolls, or any part thereof, every person so offend- (

ing, being convicted thereof by the oath of one credible witness, before any justice of the peace, or any commissioner of \

the said road, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay_4

the sum of ten pounds; and it shall be lawful for every col- ^dperson* lector or person acting as such, and all and every other per- required by son and persons by him required to assist in that respect, to them, may seize any horse or horses, or other beast or beasts, carriage m 8eiz" of carriages, with all goods thereon, and the driver or drivers, attendant or attendants thereof, and to bring them justices or Com-before any justice of the peace oricommissioner of the sa\d ^quirT*

road

94

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

feasts or carriages may be sold for tolls

overplus to owners;

to8s are paid.

Collectors and of may detain

Into'such ctita- road, who is hereby required to enquire into such offence* ce#* and if upon conviction before such justice or commissoner,

upon the oath of any one credible witness, the party or parties complained of shall not pay such penalty, together with the tolls that shall be due, it shall be lawful for such justice or commissioner, and he is hereby required by warrant under his hand, and seal, to cause the horse or horses, or other beast or beasts, carriage or carriages, or goods so distrained and penalties; to be sold for payment of the said tolls and penalties, and the charges or seizing and keeping the same, and of ouch sale, rendering the overplus, if any, upon demand, to the owner or owners of the same, or to tine person or persons under whose care, or in whose possession the same respec-when distress is tively was, or were when so seized as aforesaid.; and if no oftendmmaV sufficient distress shall have been so seized, to commit such be committed owner or owners, or other person or persons to the common un^ fines and gaol, there to remain without either bail or mainprize, until such fines and penalties, tolls, and charges be paid.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 'That every collector or person - acting as such, shall carts, cars, &c. have power to detain at any pay-gate, every cart, car, or to measure' other carriage, whereon the toll varies according to the wheels; breadth of the streaks or shoeing of the wheels, and to measure the same, and every commissioner shall have the like power to stop and measure the wheels of every such car or carriage at such and every gate on any part of the said road; and if any driver or other person shall hinder br refuse to v permit such collector or other person to measure the wheels of any such carriage, and shall be convicted thereof, upon the oath of one credible witness, before any justice of the peace for the county wherein such offence shall be com-fios. P^t^forrnitted, or before one of the said of, every such m^uiing of6 Person so offending shall forfeit the sum of twenty shillings,

'to be levied by distress and sale of his, her, or their car, or

other carriage, and the horse or horses, or other beasts drawing the same, and the goods thereon, by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice or commissioner, rendering the overplus, if any, after deducting the said fine, and the expenses of such distress and sale, to the owners on demand.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons owing, renting, or occupying any land near unto any pay-gate established or erected, or to be erected in pursuance of this act, shall, for gain, reward, or otherwise, knowingly or willingly permit any person or persons whatsoever to pass through any gate, passage, or way, with any horse, beast, cattle, or carriage liable to toll on passing through any gate on the said road, tq avoid the payment of the said toll hereby appointed to be paid, and be thereof convicted upon the oath of any one credible witness, before any commissioner or justice of the peace

of

wheels.

pOs. penalty for permitting any person to pass through any way, to avoid toll.

t-

r

Ths Tkmiymimtl Ye*r ^Oeofge UI.

of the county wherein such offence shall be committed* efrery wet person shaft forfeit the tom of twenty shillings for eve aoch offence, to be levied by distress and sale of the { pad chattels of such offender, by warrant under the dad seal of eh justice or commissioner, rendering the over* his, if any, to the owner, after deducting the said for-witias, and the charges in taking and disposing of the said

XKVIBL And be it further enacted by the authority, afore* ofttts

and, That the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of act to be de-

- them, shall, out of the first monies which shall be vested in

she said Commissioners, os out of the tolls that shaft, in vir- receive, taeof thk act, be received at the several gates, pay all necessary, expenses incurred in obtaining and carrying this act btioesecaciotu

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That every person ap- Power* retted femtsd by any seven or more of the said of tg J^P*" nab or to gravel, repair, or superintend the said road, or for

any part thereof or he or they, by such person or persons rood, dec. for Una purpose employed, shall have full power ana authority to dig fer, search, raise, and carry away any gravel, atones, sand, or <other materials which may be wanted for the use of the said road, and to make drains, -in order to car*

f >;

r

ry off water from, or orevent its injuring the said road, on ay through the lands atany person, not toeing a deer-park,

Orchard/ hdggard, planted lawn, or avenue to a mansion* houae; ami that every such person, so appointed, shall make wtisfartfoo te.fittwfection to die owners or occupiers of the land for the da- owner* of had. mage thatmay be done thereby, either by private compact after such dantage shaft have been sustained, or in case of; disagreement, then the same shall be assessed by three substantial householders of the county wherein such damage Act have >been done, one to be named by each of the parties, andtfte third by the next or any neighbouring jus* tiee of peace, or by any commissioner acting under this act, which persons so to be nominated, shall be sworn by such ' justice of the peace, or commissioner, to be appraisers of wch damages, and to make a true estimate thereof to die hest-of their-skill.

XXX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Penalty |f any person shall obstruct or prevent the said commission- sonTautScSSwd. Ortany person acting under their authority, in digging for, to dig ami cany -raising, or carrying away such materials, or in making such awaT mates*ak*

'drains, such person shall, upon conviction by the oeth of one credible witness, before any one justice of the peace of the county in which such offence shall have been committed, or tftefere any one of the commissioners of the said road, fors eit " far every such offence a sum hot exceeding five pounds, to be lovied, together with the charges, by distress and sale of the y*-'gcodt

Persons who turn mill-cQur-et'or drains on road, or into trenches, so as injure itj

r who injure any bridge, wall, &c. &c.

or build any house within 45 i'eetof centre; or any wall or ditch within SO teetof centre; or wind mill within 100 yards of road; or remove materials

or destroy bauksy&c.

or make a passage without a futCer, as herein;

r burn bricks, &c witfiin 100 feet of centre$

forfeit 5L persons who keep dogs within 50 yards of road, Without bmcks;

or winnow com within 30 feet of centre; or lay straw, '

&c. & c.

or scrape, scour, rciig; or lay turf;

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

goods of the offender, by the warrant of any one such justice of the peace of such county, or of any one such commissioner.

XXXI. And whereas great inconvenience has arisen, and the public have been much endangered by water from mill courses or drains having been turned upon parts of the said road, from whence there have not been sufficient passages to carry off such water, be it further enacted, That any person who shall turn upon, or make a way for such water to go upon any part of the said road, or shall turn any such water into the trenches by the side of any part of the said road, without such person or some other person or persons having first made sufficient drain or drains to xajry off such water; so that such water shall not injure any part of said road, or shall pull out, remove, or injure any part of the foundation, or any ottier part of any bridge or sewer, or any wall or fence to any quarry, pit, hole, river or water-course, or injure any mile stone or direction post, or shall build any house, or part of a house within forty-five feet of the centre of any part of the said road, or shall build any wall, or make any ditch within thirty feet of the centre of any part of the said road; or shall build any wind mill within one hundred yards of any part of the said road; or shall remove any of the materials which shall have been used for filling any ditch, or any part of any ditch; or shall destroy or take down any part of the backs or banks which are or shall be raised between any part of the said road and the drains or trenches on Ithe side of the said road; or shall make or have any way or-passage from the said road into the lands adjoining, without placing a gutter or arch underneath such way or passage, as deep as the drain or ditch over which it is or shall be made, and of breadth and height sufficient to allow all water which may at any time be therein full room to pass; or shall burn, or permit, or suffer to be burned on his or her lands, bricks, lime or weeds, or vegetable substance for ashes, within one hundred sept of the qentre of said road, every such person shallior every such offence, upon conviction thereof, by the concession of the party, or by the oath or affirmation of one credible witness before any justice of the peace or commissioner acting under the authority of this act, or upon the view of such justice, forfeit the sum otfivef pounds; and if any person shall keep or have in his or her possession any'cur-dog, mastiff, or bull-dog, at any house within fifty yards of the said road, without a block of wood of five pounds weight at the least fastened to the neck of every such dog, or shall winnow or lav out for winnowing any corn , on the said road, or within fifty feet of the centre thereof, or shall lay any straw, dung, or rubbish on the said road, or shall scrape the said road, or shall scour or dig any pit, ditch or drain, or shall lay any turf on the said road, pr shall leave

*'The thirty ninth Year of George III. 2?

«n any part of the same between enclosure and enclosure, ' or

Cit to be1 left thereon, opposite or near to his or her of leave any car-5, any carriage whatsoever, or any plough or harrow ^\hereon*without the horse or horses, or other beast or beasts being without a hopae, harnessed thereto, unless su6h carriages as being actually except one travelling, and having persons in them, or luggage the pro orw^ea bro^wi perty of passengers, shall stop to change horses, and which down; shall not continue more than one hour, or such carriage as shall have bepn acfcidently broken down there and cannot be removed without repair, or shall set or plant any forest tree, or plant forest nr the seed of any such tree within fifty feet of the centre of Tofcen-any part of such road, or* shall break down or injure any foot- tre T* 0 ceo-; path, or ride, lead or drive any horse, or other beast, on act, or injure, or ride part of any foot-path, or injure any horse-block, or any other d^an^otier thing v^hich shall be made, erected, or put upon any part of hijury^ ° er the said road, for the use of the said road, or for the convenience of travellers; or if any person shall spread out any linen, or spread linen, blanket, or winnow-cloth, within one hundred feet of the centre wfi^in 100 of the said road, or shall beat or dry any flax, or leave any tim ° e cen-

ber, stones, sand, clay, lime, or other matter on the said or beat flax; road, except for the use of the said road; or shall leave or cleave any permit to be left, the carcase of any horse, or other beast, or matter shall skin the same, or permit it to be skimied on the said or skin a beast, road, or within one hundred yards of the centre thereof, ex- ^c#

' cept in a house or yard enclosed with walls, or shall lead or or drive cars drive any car or carriages with timber, boards, or iron laid j^iw0 pr- across, so as that either §nd thereof shall project beyond the J wheels or sides of the carriage, or on which shall be laid any beams, or piece of timber or plank, or pieces of plank above the length of thirteen feet, except on carriages with four wheels, or carts, or the common carts, or the common cars so placed together that the beams or pieces Of planks shall

bt laid lengthways thereon; or shall drag any timber or mill - or drag timber stone along any part of the said road, without being supported or milI"8t0, ies*by wheels from touching the same, or shall erect any sign- or erect signpost, or any May-pole, or May bush on any part, or snail ^2 trcfKlfci place or erect any turf-stack on any part of the said road, §cc#'*

every person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit shall forfeit 20s. a sum not exceeding the sura of twenty shillings, upon con- to be levied by viction before any justice of the peace, or commissioner act- distressing in virtue of and under this act, by the oath of one credible witness, or upon the view of such justice or commissioner, which penalties and forfeitures shall be levied, if not paid upon conviction, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the offender, by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice or commissioner, returning the overplus (if any) to the owner.

XXXII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. Drains, Ac. to That all drains and ditches on either side oF the road com- ^nutroui of comprized within this act shall t^e under the cputroi^l of the com- mUttoners.

jpiissioners

tized

33 The thirty-ninth Year of George EH.

missioners hereby appointed, and that if any person shall

scdur, deepen, fill, or widen any drain, or ditch on either side thereof, without an order in writing from three or more of the said of, it shall be lawful for any three of the said of to cause the same to be filled up or loured according to their direction, and to levy the expense thereof by distress and sale of thp goods of the person so offending.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all turf, dung, dirt, straw, rubbish, stones, gravel, TW, &c. lsfid sand or lime, which shall be laid on said road, shall be and is SwFrited?^ bC hereby declared to be forfeited to the said of of the said road, and to be their sole property, and shall be sold by them or any of them for the use of the said road, or otherwise disposed of by them as they or any of them shall think fit.

trails andjJrains

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the anthorhy afore-ifiay be puffed said, That it shall and may be lawful for the said commis-mTh" commis- n^hmers, or such person or persons as shall be authorized IwnersTand by them, or any seven of them, to pull down, or fill up and trefes cat down level any wall, drain or ditch, which shall be built, or made, or begun to be built, or made after the passing of this act, Sriday?afteruPon any part of the said road, or within thirty feet of the liotfcfe j tentre of the said road, and to cut down or remove any forest

tree which shall be set or planted after the passing of this act, within fifty feet of the centre of any part of the said road, and to cut down, lop or top bushes now growing or standing, or which may hereafter grow or stand adjoining to any part of the said road, or on the hedges, or in the banks thereof, which are or shall be more than five feet above the level of the said road, or nearer than thirty-five feet to the centre thereof, and to take and carry a*vay the same, the owners or occupiers neglecting to cut down such branches for twelve days after notice in writing given for that purpose. Under the hand of and may take up any Magistrate or commissioner; and to take up any way or passages for passage from the said road into any field or land adjoining,

water, which may obstruct the-free passage of water, and to rc-make the same by building a gutter or sewer, or arch therein at a sufficient depth, and to scour and clear away all obstructions'which may happen to be made in any drain for carrying away Water from the said road, or for preventing its injuring the and pull down sBme 5 and to pull down and remove any sign-post which shall ign posts, under be erected contrary to this act, first obtaining a warrant under the hand and seal of any magistrate, or any of the of for so doing; and to levy the expense thereof by distress and sale of the goods of the offender, or of the owner or occupier of the land wherein such way, passage, or drain, or bushes or brandies shall be, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner on demand,

XXXV, AM

warrants;

expense levied by distress.

The thirty-ninth Year of Geore Hi.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Houses or lime

said. That it shall and may be lawful for the said cornmis- kilnsbuiltcon-'. ' v 4, trary to this act

sioners, or such person or persons as they, or any seven or may be pulled

more of them shall authorize apd appoint, to pull do$m, or down; and dogs

cause to be, pulled down, any house or part of a house, or may he billed.

Jjnte kiln which sliafl be built contrary to this Act, gnd that

the expences of so doing shall be levied off the goods and

chattels of the person who caused the same to be erected,

and that it shall and may be {awful for any person to ki{l

any dog which shall be kept contrary to this Act, without being sued or prosecuted for so doing,

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any driver or Drivers of cars, person in care of any car, cart, dray, or waggon, (save only carts, &c. who such as are respectively drawn by one horse only, or by twg'*thereo: i(ex-horses abreast with bridles in their mouths, and conducted or^b^ruct^pa^ pr driven by some person holding the reins gf such bridles, ) sage;

shall ride upon the same or any part gf the said road, not having soige other person on foot or on horseback to guide^the same; or if the driver or person in care>f any carriage shall, by negligence or wilful misbehaviour hinder, obstruct, or interrupt the passage of any other carriage, or any

gf his Majesty's subjects on the said road; or if the driver or drivers of or person in care of an empty or unloaded car, cart, or jLfuseto0' other carriage, shall refuse or neglect to turn aside and make turn asrdef for-way for any coach, chariot, chaise, loaded waggon, cart, feit ios. if*not carr dray, or other loaded, carriage, every such person, be- jTo^e^or0* ing convicted thereof by his own confession^ or by the oath of any one credible witness before any justice of the peace, ted. jOr commissioner under tins Act, shall for every such offence, if $ueb offender be not the owner of such carriage, forfeit the sum of ten shillings, and if such offender thall he the owner of such carriage lie shall forfeit the sum of twenty shillings; and every such offender shall upon non-payment thereof, be committed by warrant under the hand and seal of a justice of the peace, or commissioner, to the gaol or taupe of correction of the county wherein such offence shall be committed, there to be kept to hard labour, for any time not exceeding one mouth, or until the said fine be paid, and; jCh offenders every such offender jor person in care of such carriage, of- may be appre-fending in any of the said cases, may by the authority of bended by any this act, and without any warrant, be apprehended by any Per801K person who shall see such offence committed, and be conveyed or delivered to a constable or other peace officer, tQ be conveyed before §ome justice of the peace, or commissioner of thve said road.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- p?naity on Per-said, That in case any person or persons shall resist, or make sons who resist forcible opposition against any person or persons employed in tbisact, the due execution of this Act, or shall assault any collector giectto^execute gf the tolls in the execution of his or their office or offices, warrant*.

or

so

Ane# See. not, particularly directed, shall be levied by distress, or offenders committed;

application of such fines. \

Distress not

deemed unlawful for want of form;

The thirty-ninth Year of George III#

or shall make or attempt to make any rescue of cattle, carriage, ^or other goods distrained or seized by virtue of this act, or if any constable, or sub-constable stiall refuse or neglect to execute any warrant granted by any justice, or by any commissioner, pursuant to the directions of this act, every such person offending therein, and being convicted thereof, before any justice of the peace or commissioner, by his or her own confession, or by the oath of one credible witness, shall, for every such offence, forfeit any sum not exceeding ten pounds, nor less than twenty shillings, at the discretion of such justice or commissioner; and in case the same shall not be immediately paid, such justice or commissioner is hereby einjMwered and required, on conviction before him, to commit* such offender to the common gaol, or house of correction of the county wherein the offence shall be committed, there to remain for any time not exceeding three monthfe, unless the said forfeiture shall be sooner paid.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ai) fines, penalties, and forfeitures imposed for any offence committed against this Act, the manner of levying and applying which is not herein particularly directed, shall and may be levied by distress and sale of the offenders goods, by warrant unaer the hand and seal of the commissioner or justice before whom the offender shall be convicted by the oath of one credible witness, or on his or her otfn confession; and in case of non-payment thereof, or of any fine or penalty which slrall be imposed by the authority of this act, the offender shall be committed by any justice of the peace of the county wherein the offence shall have been committed, or any commissioner acting under thit act, by warrant under his hand and seal, to the common gaol or house of correction, of the county where the offence stiall be committed, there to remain without bail or main-prize, for any time not exceeding three months, or until the \ said fine, forfeiture, or penalty be paid; and every such fine, forfeiture, or penalty, when^ paid, shall be applied bj such justice of the peace, or commissioner, in rewarding the informer or parties convicting, and the constables or other persons assisting, or partly in one, and partly in the other, for the purposes aforesaid, as to such justice of the peace or commissioner shall seem proper.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when any distress shall be made for any sum or sums of money to be levied by virtue of this act, the distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the party or parties making the same be deemed a trespasser or trespasser* on account of any default, or want of form in any proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the party or parties distraining be deemed a trespasser or trespassers ah initio, on account of any irregularity which shall be afterwards

done

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

31

florie by the party or parties distraining, but the person or persons aggTiev-persons aggrieved by such irregularity may recover full satisfaction for the special damage in an action on the case. pec as<*'

XL. And be it further enacted, That all and every All the line of part of the present line of the said, road, and of any new ad, old^ line of road to be made pursuant to the powers, and in vir-suSTct tothk tue of this Act, shall be within and subject to the powers of act only, this act, and of no other law whatsoever. '

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the said commis- Powers of over-tioners, and each and every overseer who shall be appointed seers the same a# by the said of, shall, in respect to the said road, for PuWi^have the like power and authorities as any of the overseers appointed unaer any of the laws now in force, or which may be hereafter made for the amending, repairing, or making the public roads, now have, or are, or shall be entitled to.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said of respectively, or any seven or more of them, from time to time to appoint-as many collectors as shall be necessary for receiving the tolls at the pay gates which shall be erected on the said road, at MUfh safaiy or wages, not exceeding the rate of twenty guineas per annum for each and every collector, and' from time to time to remove any collector or collectors at will and plea- , jure of such of, and to appoint other collector or collectors in the stead of such collector or collectors so removed, and every such collector or collectors shall pay the Appointment monies by him collected or received* to the treasurer of the and removal of aid road, once at least in every month, and as much oftener collectors; as he shall be thereunto required by the said treasurer, or by apy of the said of, and shall also upon oath, collectors to pay if thereunto required by any one or more of the said com- ^?crJmonthly inissioners, which oath any one of the said of is or oftener, and hereby empowered to administer^ give in from time t6 time a true, exact, and perfect account in writing, for all monies or be committed! by him collected or received by virtue of this act, or by rea-9on of his said employment; and if any such collector shall. refuse or omit so to do, and shall thereof be convicted upon the oath of any one credible witness, before any justice of the peace, or commissioner acting under this act, it shall be lawful for such justice or commissioner to commit such collector to gaol, there to remain without bail or niainprize, until he shall give in such account upcto oath, and pay" all uch monies as he shall have received for the said of by virtue of this act.

XLIII. Provided always. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, jThat the said of, or any five of them, may if they think fit, and they are hereby env-ooweredT on fourteen days ^notice being given in any two Limerick papers for that purpose, to lease or farm by the Commissioccr#

- year, empowered t«


SJJ The Thirty-ninth Year of George III.

yeir, for any time not exceeding three years, nor less than one year, the tolls, or any part thereof by tips act} payable at the pay gates on the said road, to any person or persons at or for the largest yearly sum that can be got by public cant for the same, provided also, That no lease thereof shal} be made beforp the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine. t

XLIV. Provided always, That the agreement be wit ipto writing, and signed by the party taking the same, and that the money be made payable monthly, and that sufficient security be given for the regular paynjent thereof, to be previously approved of by any seven or more of the said of? and that one month be paid in advance, and that evPry such agreement be approved of and signed by seven at least of the said of, and provided that no such lease shal) be granted or contracted for until after the first day'of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

XLV. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-«o!w takhX toiu That every person appointed to receive the tolls, §t ai>y shall have full pay gate on any of the divisions of the said road, by any per-power«, &c. Spn or persons taking the same by deed in writing, shall have all and singular the like powers and authorities for enforcing the payment thereof, and be subject to, and under all and singular the like regulations and restrictions ds any collector appointed by the said of of the said road can pr shal) have, or be subject to by virtue or this act, except as to pay* ing the tolls: collected to the treasurer, and accounting for the same.

XLVI.-And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if -any suit shall be commenced against any person, or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, or for any penalty inflicted by this act, the venue shall be laid in the i^Count county of Limerick, and not elsewhere, mid the defendant or merick, in ac- defendants in such action or actions, may plead the general tjons for matters issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence of toie under this ha(i thereupon, and that the same was done in

defendant ma Pursuance anc* by the authority of this act; and if it shall ap-plead the geni Pear 80 to he done, or that such action or actions shall be ral issue, brought in any other country, or if after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his action, or in case of a demurrer, if judge-, treble cost3 to i*1611* shall be given against the plaintiff, in either or any of defendant, if such cases the defendant or defendants shall have and recover plaintiff be non- treble costs, and the like remedy for the same against the suue, c. plaintiff, as if any other defendant or defendants hath or have by law in any other case.

XLVII. And whereas from the great length of said road

leading from Newcastle to Limerick, and from thence tb Charleville, being-forty-one Irish miles, it is expedient tha| the said road shall be divided into four parts, bp it enacted by the

lease or farm tolls.

Agreement to be in writing, money paid.monthly, and ^cyruy given

Collectors ap-

The thirty ninth Year of George I1L

SS

tte authority aforesaid, That the said road shall accordingly Road divided be, and the same is hereby divided into four parts or districts, 4, 110 4 pom, T1*# as follows, that is to say. That so much of the said road as lies between the town of Newcastle and the village of Croagh, -shall hereafter be known by the name of the Newcastle, or first division of the said road; and so much thereof as lies between PromNcwawtla the said village of Croagh, and reaches to the city of Hine- to Croat b. i* rick, shall be known by the name of Adere, or second divi- dhri*ioo; from non of said road; and that so much of the said road as lies Lira*? between the city of Limerick, and reaches to the town of rick, ad dfriaiooi Bruff, shall be known by the name of the Limerick or third , ro division of the said road, and so much of said road as lies luk«; tnm between the town of Bruff and Charleville, shall be known by Brmff to Cha*» the name of the Bruff, or fourth division of the said road. 4th dW-

XLVUL And be it further enacted by the authority afore- "00# said. That no person or persons shall be obliged to pay any Toll* to be paid of the tolls now payable on said road, more than once in the <*dy oncday same day, «within any of the said divisions of the said road,* e#ch dhrtieiu but every person having paid the toll or duty now imposed at any one of the gates between the town of Newcastle, and the village of Croagh, on producing a ticket thereof, shall be allowed to pass free through all the several gates on the said part or division of the said road, at any time during the day on which he has once paid the said toll as aforesaid, and so in like manner, having once paid the toll at any one of the gates of any of the other divisions, he shall be allowed to pass free through the other gates in the said division of the said road at any time during the day on which he has so once paid.

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Commisitoiiefs said. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said trus- "y take land* tees, or any seven or more of them assembled at a regular meeting, to ascertain, describe, and set apart such part and proportion of the lands adjoining, or contiguous to the said road, or any part thereof, or which otherwise lie most convenient for widening the said road, or any part thereof, to a breadth not exceeding forty-one feet from fence to fence, and for carrying or altering the course of, or continuing the same, or any part thereof straight, or in more convenient lines, not being houses, gardens, parks, paddocks, avenues, plantations, or planted walks, as the said trustees, or any seven or more of them shall judge necessary; and the said trustees, or any seven or more of them are hereby empowered to treat and agree with the owners, and others interested in said grounds, to be ipade use of in the widening the course, or altering or carrying the said road, or any part thereof straight, or in more convenient lines as aforesaid, for such recompence and satisfaction to be made to such owners and others for the ?ame, out of the tolls and duties to arise by virtue of this act, as the said trustees, or any

seven

S4f The thirty-ninth Year of ticorge flL

°*8Cven 0P more of them shall think fit and reasonable; and Seatfwthcm°,n case ^Y person or persons shall neglect or refuse to treat of or agree as aforesaid, or through any disability by nonage, hall iss^aw-coverture, or special limitation in any settlement Or setue-empannel?jury>, or by reason of any other impediment, cannot or

who shall en- 7* shall otherwise howsoever refuse to dispose of their respect -quire into n- tive interests in such lands, as the said trustees, or any seven ue» or more of them shall think necessary for the purposes aforesaid, in every or any such case the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to issue forth their warrant or warrants to the sheriff or sheriffs of the county wherein such ground doth lie, to hn-pannel or return before the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, at such time* and place within the said county as shall be appointed in such warrant or warrants, a sufficient jury who upon their oath, (which oath the said trustees, or any seven or more of them are hereby empowered and required to administer) shall enquire into the true and real value of such ground so to be made use of for the purpose toU&»i^Ury aforesaidli and such verdicts or inquisitions as shall be found and returned by the said jury, ascertaining the value of such ground, shall be final and conclusive, as well as the said trustees, as the several and respective owners and proprietors of such ground, notwithstanding any disability or raca-encroachraents pacity whatsoever; and the said trustees, or any seven or made within 5 more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to re-remoTedJon move any encroachment which shall have been made within of the last five years previous to the passing of this act, and to issuuig^a waxant issue their warrant or warrants to the sheriff or sheriffs of the which he shall county wherein such encroachment has been made to remove obey, penaltyioi* or level the same, which warrant or warrants the said sheriff or sheriffs are hereby commanded to obey under a penalty of forfeiting the sum of ten pounds for every such neglect or rnro^tobe20 " refusal: ^Provided always, That such encroachment snail ap-within 20 feet pear to have come within twenty feet of the centre of said of centre. road.

Interest of de- L. And for as much as the money to be collected by such bentures to be receipt of toll, will not at present be sufficient for widening 2<Un account repairing the said road; be it enacted by the authority thereof kept by aforesaid. That the interest which is now or shall hereafter treasurers; -fall due to the several debentures on the said road, shall be applied solely to the repairing and widening the said road, until the same shain>e completely and effectually done, and that an account shall be kept by the treasurer of the sums so expended for the widening and repairing the said road, distinguishing the part of the said road which shall belong to each debenture, and the sum or sums of money it shall take to repair and widen the same respectively, which sum or sums is to be charged to the account of the interest due, to each debenture respectively; and the said treasurer is

hereby

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.»S#

hereby directed to stop the money so laid out in repairing-

and widening the said debentures* part of said road, out

of the interest now due, or which shall hereafter fall due to -

said debenture; it being the interest and meaning of this loonier

act, that the said road shall be put into complete order and before interest

repair, before, any interest whatsoever shall be paid to any is paid to deben-

of the said debentures. turers.

LI. Provided always, That so soon as the said road shall When commit be put into complete order and repair, and that the same si°ners declare shall be so resolved to be in such order at a meeting to be ^der -held of said of as is herein after directed, each interest and ar-and every debenture shall then be paid all interest and ar- rears shall be rears of interest now due or which hereafter shall fall due tubers? to him out of the tolls to be levied under this act, first deducting all money laid Out, or hereafter to be laid out for repairs of said deDenturers, part of said road as is herein before directed; it being the intent and meaning of this act, first to put the said road into complete order and repair, and then, that said debenturers shall receive any moiety that -shall be fairly and justly due to them.

LII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Treasurer to the 'treasurer of the said road shall, on or before the first ipofT0ath° with day of every session of parliament, lodge with the clerk of clerk of hous<* the house of commons, and also with the treasurers of the of common*, county, and county of the city of Limerick, on or before c0*

the first day of the Spring assizes in each year, an account in writing, upon oeth, of the state of the said roads, and also a particular account of the receipts and payments respecting the same.

LIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That 14 Commiss*-no money whatsoever arising out of the tolls raised or levied on^tStthe under this act, shall be applied to the payment of the interest g^J road is of any debenture, until a public meeting of the commission- complete, before ers, of which fourteen days notice, at the least, shall be given interest of dein the Limerick papers, fourteen at the least of said com- ?nture818 missioners shall resolve, that the said road is in complete and good order and.condition, any thing in this act to the contrary notwithstanding.

LIV. And be it lurther enacted by the authority aforesaid, Commissioners That every commissioner or justice of the peace shall have and justices power within his jurisdiction to administer all oaths which arq may administer hereby required or directed, or which may be necessary for oatl18*the purposes of this act; and if any person shall take or subscribe any oath or affirmation prescribed or empowered to be aken by or in pursuance of this act, or for the purpose of carrying, this act into execution, and shall therein wilfully affirm person's who or swear falsely, every such person shall upon conviction, swear or affirm suffer the pains and penalties enacted against persons guilty of punt^d^for wilful and corrupt perjury. -perjury*

C 2 LV. And

i

36

Not to affect the road from Charieville to Cork.

In force 31

rears, and deemed

Uc act.

apnb-

The thirty-ninth* Year of George IIIt

LV. And be enacted, That nothing in this act contained, shall be construed to extend to* or affect any act, or any part of any act, so far as the same relates to repairing or amending the road leading from Charleville to the city of Cork.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be and continue in force for the term of thirty-one years, from the last day of this present session of parliament, and that the same shall be doomed and taken to be a public act, and judicially noticed as such by all judges, justices, and other persons, without specially pleading the same.

CHAP. XLVIII.

An Act to restrain the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum.

WHERfexs various notes, bills of exchange, and drafts for mo-Preamble. ney, have beenfor some time past circulated and negociated in lieu of cash within this kingdom, to the great prejudice of trade and public credit, and many of suen bills, notes and drafts, are made payable under certain terms and restrictions' which the poorer class of manufacturers, artificers, labourers, and others cannot comply with, unless by submitting to great extortion and abuse: And whereas the issuing of such small - notes, bills of exchange, and drafts, has very much tended to extend the pernicious crime of forgery, Be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all promissory or other notes, or

All proimsory undertakings in writing being negociable or transferable for notes under 5- ° ° n

guineas (except the payment of any sum less than five guineas, or on which

country bank any sum less than five guineas shall remain undischarged, save notes under 2°s.) and except such promissory notes for sums not exceeding name^ana twenty shillings, herein after allowed to be drawn and issued places of abode by registered bankers, not resident in Dublin, and which shall of persons to be issued after the passing of this act, shall be made payable w m paya e; to gome person or persons named therein, and shall spe-

cify the names and places of abode of the person, or persons respectively, to whom, or to whose order the same, shall be-made payable; and shall bear date before or at the time of drawing or issuing thereof, and not any day subsequent thereto, and shall be made payable within twenty-one days next after the day of the date thereof, and shall not be transferable or negociable after the time thereby limited for payment thereof, and that every endorsement to be made thereon shall be made before the expiration of that time, and shall

bear

' The thirty ninth Year of George III. S7

bear date at, and not before the time of making thereof and and dated at everyucl\ promissory or other note, or undertaking in writing, shall specify the name and place of abode of the person or per- 21 and not

sons to whom, or to whose order the money specified in every negociable after; such note or undertaking is to be paid; and that the signing of signing of notea every such note or undertaking, and also of every such endorse- and endorsement, shall be attested by one subscribing witness at the least, whose names and places of abode respectively shall appear sub- witneM€^ sribed to every such attestation, and which said notes or undertakings in writing shall be made or drawn respectively in words, to the purport or effect set out in the schedule hereunto annexed.

II. And whereas so long as the governor and company of

the bank of Ireland shall be restrained from paying their pro- 37 G.s. c. 51. missory notes or bills of exchange in cash, it may be expedient to allow the issue of inlancjl bills of exchange, or bank post-bills, under certain restrictions, for any sum not less than three guineas; Be it therefore enacted, That so long as such During restric-restrictions shall continue, and no longer, it shall and may be biU^or

lawful to and for any banker or other person Jo make, issue, drafts may be or draw any inland bill of exchange, bank post-bill or draft issued under 6 in writing, for any sum not less than three guineas; subject and not lets than to the provisions herein after mentioned; and that from and* after the passing of this act, it shall not be lawful for any banker or other person' to make, issue, or draw any inland bill of exchange, bank post-bill, or draft in writing, for any sum less than three guineas; and that every such bill "of exchange, bank post-bill, or draft, for thd sum of three guineas, or for any sum above three guineas, and less than five guineas, shall be made payable to the person or persons by whom, or for whose use the value of such bill of exchange, bank postbill, or draft, shall have been paid, and to no other person; and every such bill of exchange, bank post-bill or draft, shall bow such bill#, in like manner specify the names and places of abode of the be

person or persons to whom, or to whose order the same shall be made payable, and shall bear date before or at the time of 'drawing or issuing thereof, and not on any day subsequent thereto, and shall be made payable within twenty-one days next after the day of the date thereof; and that the signing signing to be of every such bill of exchange, bank post-bill or draft, shaft witnessed, be attested by one subscribing witness at the least, whose name and place of abode shaft appear to every such attestation respectively.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the All issued under passing of this act, it shall not be lawful to and for any

oanker or other person, and they are hereby prohibited from persons, only, drawing or issuing any inland bill of exchange, or bank post- who give value, bill, or draft for any sum less than five guineas as aforesaid, payable to, any person or persons whatever, save the person or persons oy whom or for whose use the value of such bill t of

y

S8

The Thirty-ninth Year of George III.

of exchange, bank post-bill or draft, shall have been paid respectively.

Treble value of

IV. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing

Usued1 contrary ^is act, any person who shall issue, publish, or negociate to this act, any bill of exchange, draft or undertaking in writing contrary be forfeited. to the provisions of this act, shall forfeit a sum amounting to treble the value of such promissory or other note, bill of exchange, draft or undertaking in writing.

Notes under 20«. V. And whereas divers promissory notes, or undertakings

shall be paid in in writing, have been made and issued for sums less than cash; twenty shillings, payable under certain terms, conditions, or

restrictions, be it enacted, That every such promissory note or undertaking in writing, for the payment of any sum less than twenty shillings, shall be, and they are hereby declared»to be payable on demand in cash, any terms, conditions, or restrictions therein mentioned to the contrary notwithstanding; and that from and after the passing of this act, no aotes under 20s. promissory or other note, or undertakings in writing, being Ea^kersoniydl>y negociable or transferable for the payment of any sum les# &c.*than twenty shillings, shall be issued or made payable by any other person, save only by a registered banker under the provisions hereafter mentioned.

Note*, Icc. un-

VI. And whereas divers promissory notes, bills of ex-baveb^nissued: or other undertakings in writing, have been hereto-

fore issued for divers small sums of money less than five guineas, and have been negociated in lieu of cash, be it If notes under 5 enacted, That if any person liable to the payment of any gaid within s0t note> of exchange, or undertaking in writing made, tiayscaster de- issued or drawn, or to be made, issued, or drawn, for any mand, after 24 sum less than five guineas, shall from and after the twenty-

June 1799, jus- fourth day of June, one thousand severi hundred and ninett-

tlces may issue./* «, /» , »/»

summonses, and nino, neglect or fail to make full payment m money of the

award amount supi or sums for which such note, bill, or undertaking in not1' ^hich writing shall have been, or shall be so respectively made or be^evied bydis- i8811^, or so much thereof as shall be or remain due thereon tres*, &c. respectively, by the space of three days after demand thereof '5 made by the holder or holders of such notes, drafts, or undertakings in writing, then and in every such case respectively, it shall and may be lawful for any one or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county, county of a city, or county of a town where the person or persons, or any of them respectively, so refusing or neglecting to pay as aforesaid, shall or may happen to be or reside; and such justice and justices is and are hereby required, upon complaint made by the holder or holders thereof, to summon the person or persons against whom such complaint shall be made, and after his, her, or their appearance* or in default thereof, upon due proof on oath, before such justice or justices, of such summons having been served, to proceed to hear and determine the said complaint, and to award such sign , to be paid by The Thirty-ninth Year of George III.

39

by the person or persons respectively liable to the payment of such note, draft, bill, or undertaking in writing, to the holder or holders thereof, as shall appear to be due thereon, together with such costs as shall have been incurred in prosecuting such complaint, not exceeding twenty shillings, as hall appear right to such justice or justices; and if any person or persons shall neglect or refuse to pay or satisfy such sum of money as upon such complaint as aforesaid, shall be adjudged upon the same being demanded, such justice or justices shall, by warrant under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, cause the same to be levied by distress and sale of the goods of the party so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, together with all costs and charges attending such sale, returning the overplus, if any, to the owner.

VII. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall extend to prevent any note, or bank post-bill drawn or

issued by any registered banker, for payment of any sum ank no.ter un- less than five guineas, and bearing date and issued before the iMued^eforethi* passing of this act, from being negotiated and transferred by act, may be ne-any person other than the bankers who issued the same, until goriateduntilm the first day of October, one thousand seven hundred and except tybank-ninety-nine, and no longer; and if any banker shall, after era who issued the passing of this act, re-issue, or suffer to be re-issued ^m, who &aU any such note or bank post-bill, such banker, or any person ever/such note or persons in their behalf re-issuing, or causing the same to re-issued; be re-issued as aforesaid, shall for every such note so re- personswhogive issued, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds; and if any ^pay-person shall, after the said first day of October, one thou- ment after 1 Oct, sand seven hundred and ninety-nine, give or take in payment any such note or bill, every such person shall for every such doub e ue' note or'bill so given or received in payment as aforesaid, forfeit double the value of the said note or bilL

VIII. Provided also, That nothing in this act shall subject any registered banker by whom any notes or bills for any sum less than five guineas, and not less than twenty shillings, dated and issued before the day of the passing of this act, have been drawn and issued, to thp regulations in this act contained, respecting the payment of notes abd bill$ under five guineas in cash.

IX. Provided always, That nothing in this act shall ex- Bank post-bill# tend to subject any. registered banker drawing or issuing bank gutoeas* post-bills pursuant to the provisions of this act, for any sum a, d upward*, under five guineas, and not under three guineas, to the re- during restric-gulations in this act contained, respecting the payment of

such bank post-bills in 'cash, so long as the governor and Irelap'company or the bank of Ireland shall be restrained from paying their promissory notes or bills of exohange in cash.

X. And for the better accommodation of traders, fanners, manufacturers, artificers, labourers, and others, be it enacted, That if ^baU at}d may be lawful for any banker or

40

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

Registered bankers not resident in the city of Dublin, whose firm hath r>ubUn* may°i*- ^>een registered according to law, from and after the passing ue notes for 9s. of this act, to issue any promissory notes negociable or trans-6s. or ss. 9$d. ferable for the sum of nine shillings, or six shillings, or three pay Cin Ik of Ir^1 shillings and nine pence halfpenny each, and that the holders land notes, until of such note shall be entitled to demand and receive payment end of ne$t ses- thereof in notes of the governor and company of the bank of 8 0IL' Ireland, but not to demand payment in any other manner

from the passing of this act, until the end of the then next session of parliament, and no longer,

XI. Provided also, Thpt such promissory notes shall be issued separately and singly, and not joined together in one printed sheet or otherwise.

XII. Provided nevertheless, That when any person shall demand Payment thereof, the bankers who shall have issued the same shall not be compelled to pay such notes, unless the difference between one guinea, or between so many guineas as the said notes shall be nearest to, above the amount of the whole of the notes for which payment shall at one time be demanded, shall be tendered with such notes to the bankers from whom payment shall be demanded.

XIII. Provided always, That all Penalties imposed and appointed by this act, whatever may be the amount thereof^ shall be recovered by such person as shall sue for the same by civil bill, before the judges of assize, in the proper county, or before the chairman at the quarter sessions in the county of Dublin, or recorder in the city of Dublin; any law or Statute contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

Not to extend y

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That 0 d* nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to the governor and company of the bank of Ireland,

Such notes to be issued singly.

Change to be given to bankers.

Penalties recovered by per-, ons suing, by civil-

'Schedule.

SCHEDULE.

(Place) (day) (month) (year) twenty-one 4ays after date I promise to pay to A.B. of (place) or ni$ order, the sum of for value received by

C. D,

Witness E. F. of (place)

And the endorsementdoties quoties (day) (month) (year) pay the contents to G. H. of (place) or lus order.

A.B.

Witnesss J, K, of (place)

CHAP.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

CHAP. XLIX,

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Entitled* An Act for the more effectual Support of the Families of Militia Men.

Whereas by an Act passed in the thirty-fi^h year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An Act for the more effectual Support of thefamilies of militia men, certain allow* Allowances ances were made to the wives and children of militia men during their absence, upon actual service, under the direc-c* dons, provisions, and limitations in the said act particularly set forth; and wherfeas since the passing of the said act, the pay of all serjeants, corporals, drummers, and privatesserving in the militia of this kingdom, has been considerably increased, whereby it becomes unnecessary to extend the allowances PayJJ*been made by the said act to the families of such militia men who raisad 8Ulce: shall, or may, after the passing of this act, be enlisted to serve in any militia regiment of this kingdom; be it therefore en- Families of mm acted, That the families of such militia men who shall or may, enlisted after from and after the passing of this act, be enlisted to serve in receive allow* any regiment of militia of this kingdom, shall not receive or ance. be entitled to receive any allowance whatsoever, any thing in the said act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; provided always, That nothing herein contained shall not to extend ta extend, or be construed to extend to abridge, annul, or make c^.byflotfn void the allowances in the said act made for the families of before or after such militia men as may be hereafter chosen by lot to serve, this act. and shall actually in their own proper persons serve in any militia regiment of this kingdom, nor to abridge, annul, or make void any allowance in the said act made for the families of such militia men who have been chosen by lot or enlisted previous to the passing of this act.

II. And be it further enacted, That the wife, child or chil- Families of mj-dren of any militia man then absent from his county upon li^'fne? actual service, who shall or may be entitled to the allowance shall^otreceive made by the said act, and who shall or may at any time, from allowance, and after the passing of this act, join the regiment, such wife,

child, or children who shall so join as aforesaid, shall, upon certificate, under the hand and seal of the officer commanding such regiment at the time being, delivered to the treasurer of such county, for ever after be precluded from receiving any allowance or benefit, under or by virtue of the said act. Returns of fa*

III. And whereas it is expedient that some further and ad-

ditional check Should be made on the payment of sums to the cronmantogof^ families of militia men who are now entitled, or may hereaf- fleers to courfy ter become entitled to the same by virtue of the said act; betreasurer8 > it enacted, That from and after the passing of this act, every

colonel.

it

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

pen.

colonel, lieutenant-colonel, or commanding officer for the time being, of any militia regiment of this kingdom, shall and return of twice in every year, that is to say, on or before the first day contingencies, of May and first day of November in each and every year, when they hap- make a return of the families of such militia men, whose families are, or may become entitled to any allowance by virtue of the said act, to the treasurer of their respective counties, and shall whensoever, and as often as any contingency shall happen to any militia man, either by death, discharge, desertion, or by the wife, child, or children of such militia man, remaining for any time with the regiment or otherwise, whereby the family of such militia man shall be precluded from receiving allowance or benefit by virtue of this and the said act, make a return of the same to the said treasurer, and it shall not be lawful to or for any treasurer of any county of a city or town, to pay or cause to be paid to the family of any militia man any allowance whatsoever, save and except the families of such militia men as shall be contained in the said returns, and according thereto.

IV. And be it enacted, That a copy of the returns so made by the colonel, lieutenant-colonel commandant, or command-

e ing officer, as the case may be, since the last preceding assizes

officers to clerks or presenting term, shall be by him transmitted to the office be ForTensulnl8 t^ie c^er^ of sche crown of nis respective county, six days assizes, or pre- before the next ensuing assizes, or it in the county of Dubbin wmingterm if or city of Dublin, six days before the next presenting term,

4" rkuKim. jn or(jer tQ ke iaidkefore grand juries of every county and city respectively; and the grand juries of every county and city respectively are hereby required to present such sums aft it shall appear to them have been justly paid according to the provisions of the said recited act, and-none other such sums to be raised and levied in manner as by the said recited act is treasurer not to more particularly directed; and it shall not be lawful for the is ^resSited^311 trea3urer of any county or city to issue his warrant to levy p any other or greater sum, under or by virtue of the said re-

cited act, save and except such sum as shall have been 60 presented by the grand jury as aforesaid, tf grand jury V. Provided always, That if the treasurer shall find hira-sufficiem{y trea-se^ aggrieved by such presentment, it shall and may be law-surer may peti- ful for him to make complaint thereof by petition to the judge tien judge of of assize at the said assizes or presenting term, which peti-

as>lze* tien shall be verified by oath, and the said judge of assize is

hereby required and authorized to examine into the same in a summary manner, and if it shall seem to him tkat the said grand jury has not presented a sufficient sum, he is hereby authorized and required by writing under his hand and seal, to direct such further or other sum to be levied as to him shall seem just, in order to reimburse the said treasurer, which further or other sum the said treasurer is hereby empowered and authorized to add to the warrant which he shall issue to levy the sums presented at the said assizes or presenting term, -

Copies of returns to be transmitted by commanding

it Dublin grand juries to resent sums justly paid;

45

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided always, That so often as any regiment shall be employed on actual service against any foreign enemy or against rebels, the families of the militiamen entitled to receive their respective bounties, although the return herein before required to be made by the colonel or commanding officer, on the first day of may or first day of November, shaS not have been made.

VII. Provided always, That if any treasurer shall refuse or neglect to pay on demand, any allowance justly due to any family of a militia man, or shall give any unnecessary or vexatious delay in the payment of the same, he shall, on being convicted thereof before the justices of the quarter sessions, forfeit for every offence the sum of ten pounds to the parties aggrieved by such delay.

When militia men are employed againct enemies or rebels, families may receive bounties although returns are not made.

101. Penalty on treasurer for unnecessary delay.

CHAP. XI.

An Act to revive and amend an Acty passed in the Twenty*, sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act to explain ana amend an Act passed in the Twenty-third and Twenty fourth Years of his present Majesty, Entitled, An Act for the Protection and Improvement of the Inland Fisheries of this Kingdom.

Whereas an act passed in the twenty-sixth year of the reign Recited of his present Majesty, entitled an act to explain and amend 26 G. 3. c. so. an act, passed in the twenty-third and twenty fourth years of was in-force»his present Majesty, entitled, an act for the protection and and

improvement of the inland fisheries of this kingdom, was con- to end of next tinued in force from the first day of May, one thousand seven session, andcon-hundred and eighty-six, for nine years, and to the end of the gu^tions for in^ then next session of parliament, which act did contain many land fisheries, useful regulations for the protection of the inland fisheries of this kingdom, and amongst others did explain and amend two acts, the one passed in fine seventeenth and eighteenth year* of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for the preservation of fish in rivers, lakes y and inland waters, the other passed in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of his pre- and explained sent Majesty's reign, entitled. An Act for the protection and Vsg^s. improvement of the inland fisheries of this kingdom, which and23 ^4 two recited acts were then only in force for a time limitted, G.3. but have since been made perpetual by an act passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled,

that

said redted act 26 0.8, made perpetual.

After 1 August, 1799, aQ boats, cotts, dec. shall be registered, penalty 90L

Cotts, boats, &c. in the river Bann, or any river flowing into it, between the sea and Lough Neagh, shall be registered with the mayor of Coleraine, and security entered into not to take fish contxpry to law.

Names and

places of abode to be painted on boats, &c. other* wise forfeited.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

that the said act passed in the twenty-sixth year of his present Majesty's.reign, entitled, 'An Act to explain and amend an act passsed in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth yean of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for the protection and improvement of the inland fisheries of this kingdom, shall be, and is hereby revived and made perpetual, any thing in said recited act, or any other act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And whereas it is contrary ta the laws now in force for the protection of the inland fisheries of tills kingdom, for any person not duly qualified thereto to keep, use, or have in their possession any boat or other engine, which can or may be employed in the taking of salmon, or other fish: And whereas it would be materially conduce to protect the fisheries in Lough Neagh, and the river Bann, if all persons having or using boats therein were obliged to register and and give security not to use thetsame illicitly; be it therefore enacted, That every person who after the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, shall have in his or her possession, or who shall in any manner use or employ any cott, boat, curragh, or float, unless the same shall be registered as herein after directed, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds sterling.

III. And be it enacted, That every cott, boat, curragh, or float, which shall be kept or employed after the said first day of August, on the river Bann, Or any of the rivers flowing into the river Bann, between the sea and Lough Neagh, shall be registered by the proprietor of such cott, ' boat, curragh, or float, with the mayor of the town of Coleraine for the time being, in which registry shall be specified the name and place of abode of such proprietor, making such negistry, who snail at the same time enter into sufficient security for a sum not less than twenty pounds sterling, before the said mayor of Coleraine for the time being, that the said cott, boat, curragh, or float so registered, shall not in any wise be employed in the taking of fish contrary to law, the amount of which security shall be forfeited in case any such cott, boat, curragh, or float so registered, shall be proved upon the oath of one or more credible witness, or witnesses, before any justice of the peace for the counties of Antrim or Londonderiy, to have been employed in the taking of fish contrary to law.

IV. And be it enacted, That every cott, boat, curragh, or float, which shall be employed after the said first day of Au-

gistyone thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, on the river ann, or any of the rivers flowing into the river Bann, between the sea and Lough Neagh, shall have the name apd place of abode of the proprietor of such cott, boat, curragh, or float, painted in legible white letters, at least one inch long, on some conspicuous part of the said cott, boat, cur-

tagh.

The thirty-ninth Year George III. 45

ragh, or float, in neglect whereof the said cott, boot, curragh, or float may be seized by any person, and shall be forfeited to the person seizing the same.

V., And be it enacted, That the penalty of twenty pounds ^*"*T for not registering cotts, boats, curraghs, and floats, kept or , Lnnury way* employed on the River Baifti, or on the rivers flowing into before a iustke, the river Bann, between the sea and Lough Neagh, and also the amount of each security to be entered into before the mayor of Coleraine, that each cott, boat, curragh, and float registered with him shall not in any wise be employed in the taking of fish contrary to law, may be sued for and recovered in a summary way before any justice of the peace for the said counties of Antrim or Londonderry, which penalty he and they is and are hereby authorized to levy by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the party by warrant under his hand and seal, over and above all other penalties imposed by this or any other act for the protection or improvement of the inland fisheries of this kingdom.

CHAP. LII.

An Act to explain % and amend an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, Entitled, An Act for improving and repairing the turnpike Road leading from the City of Cork to the Brook which bounds the Counties of Cork and Tipperary near the Foot of KiU worth Mountain, and for repealing the several Laws heretofore mq.de relating to the said Road.

Whereas the several acts of parliament following, that is to 38 o. A c. assay, an act passed in the fifth year of the reign of his late Q^f*^*1 Majesty King George the second, entitled. An act for repair- '*ing the road leading from the city of Cork to the brook which bounds the counties of Cork and Tipperary near the foot of and 7 0.3. Kilworth Mountain; an act passed in the seventh year of his 10# said late Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for making more effectual an act passed in the fifth year of the reign of his Majesty King George the second, entitled. An act for repairing the road leading from the city of Cork to the brook which bounds the counties of Cork and Tipperary near the foot of Kilworth Mountain, and' for other purposes therein mentioned; an act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years and 13 and 14 of the reign of his present Majesty King George the third, 0.3- c. 29. entitled. An act for amending and' repairing the road leading from the city of Cork to the brook which bounds the counties of Cork and Tipperary near the footof Kilworth Mountain, and from thence to the road leading from the town of Clonmel in the county of Tipperary, through the towns of

Clogheen9

46

and 19 and £0 0.3. c. 49- are ineffectual.

all aald acts (except such parts as repeal others) are hereby repealed, so far as they relate to said road.

Names of Commissioners.

The thirty ninth Year of George III.

Clogheen, Mitchelstown, and to Doneraile, in the county of Cork, and for making additional trusteesfor the turnpike road between Kilkenny and Cattan; an act passed in the nineteenth and twentieth years of the reign of his said present Majesty, entitled, An act for altering, amending, and continning, and making more effectual an act made in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his present Ma- Majesty, entitled. An act; for amending and repairing the road leading from the city of Cork to the brook which bounds the counties of Cork and Tipperaryi near the foot of Kihoorth Mountain, and on to Knockboy turnpike gate, ana other purposes, are found by experience to be ineffectual for the pur-noses thereby intended; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said several acts, and all and every the powers and authorities, articles, rules, penalties, and clauses therein contained, (except such parts thereof as repeal or alter the several acts therein recited), be, and the same are hereby repealed, and made null and void, so far as they -in any wise relate to the said road, but not otherwise.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That his grace the duke of Devonshire, the earl of Shannon, the earl of Cork and Orrery, the earl of Kingston, the earl of Clanwilliam, the earl of Mount Cashel, the earl of Inchiquin, lord viscount Middleton, lord viscount Boyle, the right honourable William Brabazon Ponsonby, the honourable Coville Moore, the honourable William IVJoore, the honourable Robert Moore, Denham Jepson, esquire, Arthur Hyde, esquire, Peter Carey, esquire, Edmond Roche, esquire, George Bowleg, esquire, Nicholas Green Evans, esquire, Richard Aid-worth, esquire, William Love, esquire, Thomas Moore, esquire, John Hennessy, esquire, Bartholomew O'Donoghue, esquire, John Anderson, esquire, William Anderson, esquire, Thomas Power, esquire, Henry Fortescue, esquire, Richard Peard, of Coole, esquire, Kingston Power, esquire, Edward Hoare Reeves, esquire, sir Samuel Rowland, knight, reverend John Fortescue, Peter Maziere, esquire, Peter Carey, junior, esquire, William Dobyn, esquire, Samuel McCall, esquire, Francis Woodley, junior, esquire, William Crawford, esquire, Richard Peard, of Peardmount, esquire, John Hyde, esquire, James Millerd, esquire, William Price Peard, esquire, Charles Widenham, esquire, sir James Lawrence Cotter, baronet, Broderick Chinnery, esquire, Henry Bowels, esquire, Richard Croker, esquire, John Nason, esquire, Arthur Gif-, fard Brabazon, esquire, William Croker, esquire, reverend Christmas Paul Wallace, John Peard, esquire, Edward Croker, esquire, John Southcoote Manseragh, esquire, Richard Martin, esquire, John Maunsel], of Youghall, esquire, the

reverend

Die: ed by The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

47

reverend William Adair, Mathias Gle&san, esquire, Mathias Hendley, esquire, Thomas Pirott, of Fermoy, esquire, Janies M'Whirter, and Arthur Lucas, esquire, be, and are hereby appointed of of said road, beginning at the city of Cork, and ending at the brook which bounds die counties of Cork and Tipperary, near the foot of Kilworth Mountain, and the several persons herein before name and appointed as of, and such person and persons as shall be elected a commissioner or of of said road, from time to time, during the continuance of this act, and those appointed by them in pursuance of this act, and none other, shall have full power and lawful and absolute authority to do, execute and perform, all and every the matters, powers, and provisions in this act contained, for the benefit and advantage of said road.

III. Provided nevertheless, That nothing herein contained Not to dimmwb shall destroy or diminish such securities or contracts as have securities or been heretofore passed for money due to the said trustees ofsuc^haiibe* the said road, or any of them, ana which are hereby declared vested in said to be vested, and are accordingly vested in the said last co^misioI^i named of, for the purpose of carrying this pre- by formTrtrul sent act into execution, or such securities contracts or other tees to creditors engagements as have been heretofore passed or entered into, of road*

or remain actually due by the said former, trustees, to the creditors of persons holding the same or entitled thereto, i upon the faith of the said several acts of parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Commissioner* That from and after the passing of this act, in case any of to elect others the said of shall happen to die, or by writing un- 5^or reS? der his or their hand and seal, refuse to act as of ^mountingTn*under this act, that then and in such cases, it shall and may the whole to be lawful to and for the said of, or any nine or

more of them, during the continuance of this act, to elect in the room of such Person or persohs so deceased or refusing, and so on from time to time, one or more fit or able person or persons to be joined with the surviving of in the execution of this act, so as that the whole number of the said of shall amount in number to sixty five, and no more; and that a meeting or board shall be had of any nine or more of the said commis-.lioners, the first Monday in any month, for the election of of^meethig Jsr such person or persons after the passing of this act; and that election.*the said of shall assemble between the hours of twelve and two o'clock in the afternoon, on the first Monday in the next or any succeeding month, after the passing of this act, at the town of Fermoy, in the county of Cork, of which the treasurer of the said road shall give due notice, treasurer to and the said of shall adjeum themselves, and give notice of afterwards meet there, or at any other place or places in or com-

tj r..r n misMoiurs may

near tha said road, as the said of, or any five adjourn;

or

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

or wore of them shall think convenient; and if it shall haj*-misrioners do pen that there shall not appear at any meeting or board so uwsureTma*° ^ia^» or w^h shall be appointed from time to time

adjwira so?aY to be had or held by the said of, a sufficient fortnight, and number of commissioner^ to act at such meeting, or to ad-hall give notice. j0Urn to any other day; then and in such case, the said treasurer shall have power, and is hereby authorized to adjourn the said board or meeting to any house or place convenient to said road on that day fortnight, upon which such last meeting or board was appointed to have been held, and of which adjournment such treasurer is hereby required to give due notice.

7days notice'V. Provided nevertheless, That previous to such election,

of time and after every such vacancy shall have been declared as afore-p ce o e ec on. ga^ notice of the time and place of holding evenr such election, signed by the said treasurer, shall be published in one of the most public newspapers of the city of Cork, and shall be also posted upon every pay-gate erected, or to be erected on said road, seven days previous to the day appointed for such election.

9or more com-

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, mhsionersshall That any nine or more of the said of shall be except other- deemed a sufficient board to do and perform any act- or deed

wise directed, necessary for said road, in pursuance of this act, not herein* otherwise specially directed and pointed out to be done by a greater number.

Majority of

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Ttyat the majority of any thirteen or more, but no lesser treasurer, at number of the said of, who shall assemble at any sol. a year; meeting after the passing of this act, pursuant to notice to remove be given as aforesaid, shall and may appoint a treasurer at a '*yearly salary not exceeding fifty pounds sterling, and shall and may from time to time remove" any such treasurer, and appoint another treasurer in his stead, and in case^ of the death or'resignation of any such treasurer, shall and may, in like manner, appoint another treasurer, and so from time to time as occasion shall or may require. iooooL security

VIII. Provided always, That every person who shall be

to be given by appointed treasurer before he shall be capable of acting at treasurer* such, shall give security, to be lodged in the chief remembrancer's office of the court of exchequer, iti a sum not less than one thousand pounds for the faithfiil discharge of his office, and for his duly accounting for and paying all money he shall from time to time receive as treasurer, as any thirteen or more, but no lesser number of the said of assembled together pursuant to this act, shall direct and ap-.point for the uses and purposes herein after mentioned; and treasurer to every such treasurer shall keep such Books of account, and directed°^8* suc^ wanner as the said of, or any thirteen or

more

The thirty-ninth Ye*r qfGt*Tgt11L £§

more of them, from time to time, at their said meeting, shall direct and point out.

IX. And to keep the said road in repair the more eflec- Rosdimyba tually, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any

nine of or more, but no leaser number of the said pbcte bards of, shall and may, and they or the majority of mmtkoed; the said number, or of any greater number who shall assemble at any meeting pursuant to this act, are hereby authorized and empowered to divide the said road into three divisions, the first whereof to begin at the red forge at the bottom of Dublin-hill, in the north liberties of the city of Cork, and to terminate at a turnpike gate to be erected at or near the south end of the village of Watergrass-hill, which shall be called the southern division, the pay-gate for which toothers 4L division shall be erected at the junction of die Dublin and Ballyhooly roads, near the city of Cork on one side, and at or near the said gate, at the village of Watergrass-hill on the other; the second division to commence from the termination of the said first or southern division, andjto end at a middk divirfoa; turn-pike gate to be erected at or near the sixteen mile stone, as the same is now placed on the north side of the town of Fermoy, and which shall be called the middle division, the pay-gate for said centre division to be the said gate to be erected at the village of Watergrass-hill, on the one side, and the said gate to be erected on the north side of Fermoy on the other; and the third division thereof to commence at northern di-the termination of said middle division, and to end at the video, turnpike-gate or stream that divides the counties of Cork and Tipperary, and which shall be called the northern division; and the pay-gate for said northern division to be the said gate on the north side of Fermoy on the one side, and the said last mentioned gate at the other.

X. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Pay gate* and from and after the passing of this act, it snail and may be "T

lawful to and for the said of, or any nine or more coU^SSihall of them, or such person or persons as they shall authorize receive follaw-and appoint, to establish or erect, or cause to be established toU>5

or erected, one or more pay-gate or pay-gates, upon and across any part or parts of the said road, and to build, hire, or relit a toll-house convenient to every such pay-gate, and at every such pay-gate in each of said divisions, by such person or persons as they or any five or more of them shall appoint collectors or gate-keepers, to demand, receive, and take the tolls and duties following, before any beast or carriage shall be permitted to go through the same, and at every such pay-gate to affix and erect a schedule of the said tolls J£u§ tobe and duties to be painted on a board or boards in legible erected at gates; characters, that is to say, for every coach, landau, chariot, for ^trj -chaise, phaeton, cabriole, jaunting car, curricle, or chair* &c. drawn by if drawn by six or more horses, or other beasts, die sum of

two

hemt, 2s. Sfcd.

drawn by

or 4, 2s. 2d.

{drawn by 2, li. Id. drawn by 1,

6hd.

every horse,

&c. loadeh or iinloaden, lhd. oxen, &c. hs. 6d. per core;

> calves, dec. is. 8<L per score;

double duty for stage'coaches, &c.

Cars, &c. to and from Bally* hpoly, not to pay at gate at function of*IDublin and Ballyhooly roads*

hd. per horse drawing wag- 7 go ns, See. &c. with shoeing, ' streaks, &c. asherein de-arihed;

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

two shillings and eight pence halfpenny; if drawn by thro# or four horses or other beasts, the sum of two shillings and two pence; if drawn by two horses or other beasts, the sum of one shilling and One penny; and if drawn by one hors# or other beast, the sum of sixpenfcehalfpenny; for every jhorse, mare, gelding, ass or mule, loader* or unloaden, the sum of one penny halfpenny; for every drove^of ox£b, cows, or neat cattle, the sum of two shillings and sixpence'by the score, and so in proportion for any greater or lesser number; and for every drove of calves, sheep, lambs, goats, or pigs, the sum of one shilling and eight pence by the score, and so in proportion for any greater or lesser number; and for every stage coach, stage-landau, stage-chariot, chaise, or dili&ence, employed in carrying passengers, paying respectively for their seats double the tolls hereby enacted to b# paid by any other coaches, landaus, chariots, or chaises, in lieu and stead of al| and every toll to which the same are now subject by any act of parliament heretofore enacted.

XI. Provided always, That no car, waggon, or single horse; shall be liable to pay any of the tons herein before mentioned at such gate so to be erected, at the junction of the Dublin and Ballyhooly. roads, if such car, waggon, or single Horse shall have come by said road leading from or t# Ballyhooly aforesaid.

XII. And whereas much injury has arisen to the said road from the improper construction of wheels, cars, and other carriages, and it is expedient that the tolls on such wheels, shall bear a more equal proportion to the damage they may do to the road, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful for the said of to demand and t&ke by puci* person or persons as they shall authorize thereto for every waggon, wain, dray, cart, or timber carriage, moving on rollers, with flat surfaces, whose fellies shall be sixteen inches on each side of the shoeing or streaks thereof, and which shoeing or streaks shall be set on with counter-sunk flat-headed nails, bolts or screws, which shall not project above the surface or level of such streaks or shoeing, and that such streak&or shoeing shall be flat, and sixteen inches or more in breadth, the sum of one hglfjjenoy for every horse or beast drawing the same; for every waggon, wain, dray, cart, car, or timber carriage, if the seals and shoeing of the fellies shall be flat, and the breadth of nine inches or more, and that the streaks and shoeing of the wheels thereof shall be set on with counter-supk flat-headed nails, bolts or screws, which shall not project above the surface or level of such streaks or shoeing, and that such streaks or shoeing shall be flat, and nine inches or more in the breadth; and if the fore-axle shall be so much shorter or louger than fit# hjnd axle, J^t the wheels thereof qhatl toll a double sur-

% ' fe«e.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III. ft

face of at least sixteen indies on each and either aide, the turn of one halfpenny for every horse or beast drawing the same; if the streaks or shoeing of the wheels shall be set on in like manner, and shall be nine flat inches across the shoe-ing, the sum ef one halfpenny for every horse or beast draw* ing the same, if the streaks or shoeing of the wheels shall be set on in like manner, and shall be less than nine inches, but not less than seven inches across the soals; and if the fore* u. whra console shall be so much longer or shorter than he hind-axle, nructed «* that the wheels thereof shall roll a double surface of at leasthereto# twelve inches on each and either 6ide the sum of one penny for every horse or beast drawing the same; if the streaks or^when foot shoeing of the wheels shall be set on in like manner, andstroctedu shall be less than nine inches, but not less than seven inches, herein» and shall not roll a double surface of at least twelve inches,

one penny halfpenny for every horse or beast drawing the same; if the streaks or shoeing of the wheels shall be set on i£d. when mo* like manner, and shall be less than seven inches, but not less99

tharf six, and if the fore-axle shall be so much longer or"crcmi shorter than the hind-axle that the wheels thereof shall roll a double surface of at least ten inches, the sum of one penny halfpenny for every horse or beast drawing the same; ifsd. when con-the streaks or shoeing of the wheels shall be set on in like manner, and shall be less than seven inches, but not less than six inches, and shall not roll a double surface of ten inches on either side, the sum of two pence for every horse or beast drawing the same; if the streaks or shoeing of the wheels 3d. when eoa-shall be set on in like manner, and shall be less than six^*

inches, but not less than five inches, the sum of three pence .*for every horse or beast drawing the same; if die streaks or 4d. when cos-shoeing shall be set on in Jike manner, and shall be less than u

five inches, but not less than four inches, the sum of four9pence for. every horse or beast drawing the same; if the $£d when cos- streaks or shoeing of the wheels shall be set on in like man- 44

ner, and shall be less than Your inches, the sum of sixpence halfpenny for every horse or beast drawing the same; if any l8 1(J of the shoeing or streaks of any of the wheels of any such constructed u carriage shall not be flat, or shall be set on with high or herein, sprig-headed nails, bolts' or screws, or with any nails, bolts or screws, not being counter-sunk and flat-headed, or which shall project above the level or surface of such streaks or shoeing, the sum of one shilling and one penny for every horse or beast drawing the same.

XIII. Provided always, That for every car whose wheels 0nI^for t shall be three flat inches in breadth across the soal or tier, or car with wheel* shall be formed or put on so as to turn round the axletree, and constructed a* whose axletree shall be fixed on so as not to turn round with the wheels, the sum of two-pence only, and no more shall be demanded or taken at any gate, or any part of the said rdad, for any hpx?e or Other beast drawing the sarne, if the screaks

St

The thirty-ninth Year o/- George III.

toll not to exceed 4d. a car, After 2 years.

5s. 5d. additional to be paid

sengers.

or shoeing of such wheels be flat, and set on with counter-sunk flat-headed nails, bolts or screws, and which shall not project above the surface or level of such streaks or shoeing: for^wnwsTfd Prov*ded nevertheless, That two years time from the passing cars, &c. to pro- this act shall be allowed to all persons travelling with cars vide wheels, &c. and other carriages on the said road, to provide and supply as described j themselves with wheels of the breadth, construction ana dimensions herein before described, before any penalty or additional toll shall be levied for default thereof, any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding; and also provided, that from and afrer the expiration of the said two years, the said tolls shall not exceed four pence for every such car as aforesaid, (instead of one shilling and one penny) any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

uwiuu tu uc

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, for^e^horee* That front and after the passing of this act, and during the drawing a stage, continuance thereof, it shall and may be, lawful, to and for San^insideo^ said collectors or gate keepers so to be appointed as aforeoutsiders*- said, to demand, receive and take at each and every pay gate aforesaid, for every stage coach, and other carriage plying or conveying persons for hire, which shall convey at any one time, upon any part of the said road, more than six persons within side, or more than four persons besides the driver, upon the outside of any such coach or other carriage, the sum of five shillings and five pence for every horse or other beast drawing the same, in addition to the toll herein before directed to be paid, every time such coach or other carriage shall pass through any of said gates.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for any nine or more of said of, who shall assemble at any meeting pursuant to this act, to alter the situation of all or any of the pay gates within any of the divisions of the said roaa, and to add such other pay-gate or pay-gates on and across any part or parts of the present line thereof, or of any new line or lines of rood which shall be made pursuant to this act, as from time to time they shall think necessary or expedient: provided nevertheless, but if leased the That if the tolls of said road Should be leased or rented, the sha^be ob-e8See consent of such lessee or renter shall be first obtained, and tained. not otherwise, and to build, hire or relit a toll-house for every such paygate, and there by their collectors or gate-keepers, so to be appointed as aforesaid, to demand, receive and take the tolls and duties which by this act they are herein before authorized to demand, receive and take.

0»ly l payment

XVI. Provided always, That toll shall not be demanded on wme day!00 froin^8ame person at more than one pay gate within the same division, m any one day, and that there shall not be more than three divisions oi the said entire road, leading from the city of Cork to the Brook which bounds the counties

Situation of pay-gates may be altered, and others added;

Die ,: ed by v

The thirty ninth Yeor of George III. 69

ties of Cork and Tipperary, near the foot of Kilworth Mountain.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That no passenger or Ptuengm with passengers with the same cattle and carriage, snail be liable*"* csttle*& to pay any of the said tolls or duties more than once in any SToSs

one day within the same division, on the contrary, that every in each division, passenger or passengers who shall have paid toll once, in any on producing'one division, shall be permitted during the remainder of the tic*etf* same day, to be computed from twelve o'clock at night, to twelve o'clock the succeeding night, to pass and repass toll free, through every gate in the same division, with the same -cattle and carriage, on producing a ticket of having before on that day paid such toll, and containing such other matters as are herein required, respecting the same; which ticket coOectonftogivt every collector is required to give gratis, on receiving the toll he is herein before entitled to demand, upon pain of forfeiting p fire shilling for every omission or refusal, on being convicted thereof before any justice of the peace of the county in which the offence shall be committed, or before any one of the said of, who are hereby authorized to hear and determine such complaint, - and to administer oaths for that purpose.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Artny on duty said. That his Majesty's army on a march, or any detach-not liable to payment, or corps of cavalry or infantry, with their ordinary»baggage and artillery, having a rout, or carrying orders or expresses, shall not be liable to pay any of the tolls aforesaid, but that all carriages, horses or other beats, employed

in transporting any ordnance stores, and cavalry horses, go- ordnance hortet ing to join, or not mounted or accoutred, all quarter master and carriages, general's and commissary general's stores and provisions, with or without a guard, and all officers and soldiers travel- or accrued! ling as individuals, and passing through any of the gates on and q. mat. geo.

the said road, shall be liable to, and shall pay the tolls afore-or com-.

1*j stores, and indi-

saidrrapceuvdy. riduaf officer, or

XIX. And be it further enacted, by the authority afore- soldiers shall pay

said. That if any collector or toll gatherer, whether appointed^ on

by the said of, or by any person taking any of collector for the tolls by lease or contract, or any person acting as such, neglecting duty, shall permit any carriage, horse, or beast whatsoever, to pass

through any pay-gate, without payment of the tolls payable fof the same, by virtue of this act, or a proper certificate, as herein directed, being produced therewith, and shall omit to seize such car, carriage or beast, or shall delay to proceed to have penalties levied as the law directs for such offence, or shall omit to detain any car, cart or other carriage, and prevent the passing through the gates, knowing that the driver thereof has obstructed the execution of this act in any respect; ev^ry person so offending, shall upon conviction, forfeit the sum of forty shillings.

M

Carriage* with other ptMengera shaO pay again cm tame day.

No gat* to" be erected within l mile of the exchange of Cork, nor within half a mile of Rath-eormuck, Fermoy or Kilworth.

When tolls are refused they aaay be levied by distress;

collectors may sell distress if not redeemed in days.

101. Penalty on persons wi pass forcibly;

or assault or obstruct collectors j

or injure gates, globes, dec.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

XX. Provided always, Thai nothing herein contained shall exempt or excuse any other passenger or passengers travelling with the same cattle or carriage, for which toll hath been so paid as aforesaid; on the contrary, every such other pas-aenger or passengers shall be subject to pay toll, even though travelling with the same cattle and carriage for which toll had been before paid on the same day, and in the same divi-sion: provided also, That £he same cattle and carriage for which toll had been before paid, shall not, on returning with out passengers through the same division in any one day, be liable to the payment of toll a second lime.

XXI. Ana provided also, That it shall not be lawful to erect any pay-gate, or to demand, receive or take any of the said tolls or duties, nearer to the city of Cork than one mile, measuring from die exchange of said city, by the most usual and direct course; or nearer to the towns of Rath-cormuck, Fermoy or Kilworth, in the county of Cork, or to either of them than half a mile, measuring from the respective market houses of each of the said towns, any thing herein before contained to the contrary, in any wise notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any passenger or passengers shall, at any pay-gate of the said road, refuse to pay the toll to which he, she or they is, are or shall be subject, pursuant to this act, it ^ah^ll be lawful for the said collector or gate-keeper thereof, so to be appointed as aforesaid, to levy the said toll, by distress of the beast or beasts, or carriage or carriages, u£on which the toll is by this act imposed, or upon the goods or chattels of the person or persons who ought to pay the same, and to detain such beast or beasts, carriage or carriages, or goods and chattels, until such toll, with the reasonable costs and charges of such distress shall be paid; and if the same shall not be paid within four days, it shall be lawful for such collector or gate-keeper to sell the distress by public auction, at any time after the expiration of the said four days, rendering the overplus, (if any} to the owner on demand, after deducting the said toll and the full expence of such distress and sale.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-i said, That if any person or persons shall forceably go or

pass, with any beast or carriage, through any pay-gate of the said road, without paying the toll by this Act required, or without producing such ticket as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or designedly assault, interrupt or obstruct any of the gate-keepers or collectors in collecting or receiving any of the said tolls, or otherwise, in the execution of his or their said employment, or shall injure any pay-gate, toll-house, globes,; lamps, mile stones, schedule of tolls, or other abstract,; 'which pursuant to this act, or by order of the said commissionerfc

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

if

ttoners, shall be erected or placed upon, or near the said road or any part thereof, or shall interrupt any overseer or Interrupt acting by order of the said of, in the execution overseers; of any part of this act, or shall forge, counterfeit, alter, or forge or alter deliver to, or receive from any other person or persons, any note or ticket with intent to avoid the payment of any of y

the said tolls, or any part thereof; every person who shall be convicted of so doing, by the oath of one credible witness, before any justice of* the peac^ for the county wherein such offence shall be committed, or before any one of the said of, shall for every such offence forfeit^ and pay the sum of ten pounds sterling; and it shall be lawful cars, etc* may

for every of the said collectors, gate-keepers, and all and^ t

every other person or persons by him or them authorized, to maiureJj detain at any pay-gate every car, fcart or other carriage, whereupon the toll payable varies, according to the breadth of the streaks or shoeing of the wheels, and to measure the same, and the said collectors, gate-keepers, and all and every other person or persons by him or them authorized to stop and measure the wheels of every such car or carriage on any part of the said road; and if any driver or other person shall hinder or refuse to permit such collector, or such other person to measure the wheels of any such carriage, and shall be convicted thereof, upon the oath of any credible witness,

before any justice of the peace for said county, or before ady ^dnveret* one of the said of, every such person shall for- for preventing feit the sum of forty shillings, and that the owner of any wheels from waggon, wain, dray, cart, or other carnage, or of any 3

horse, ox, cow, calf, sheep, lamb, goat, pig, or other beasts, or being the driver thereof, and travelling on any part of said road, shall drive or turn out of the same into SI- penalty on any other roa % in order to avoid paying toll, and shall af- 2TnffSetoS' terwards proceed with such carriages or beasts, in or on any togaVoid turn-part of said road, such person being owner shall forfeit five pike, 50s. if net pounds sterling, and if he be the driver^ and not the owner, owberi shall forfeit fifty shillings sterling; and it shall be lawful for every of the said collectors or gate-keepers, and all and every other person or persons by him or them authorized and required, to seize the beast or beasts, carriage or carriages, and the goods thereon of the person or persons so offending, and the driver or drivers, attendant or attendants thereof*, and to bring them before such justice of the peace, drivers so of*or one commissioner, who is, and are hereby authorized and Ending, required to enquire into and determine the said complaint, na^maybe* and to administer oaths for that purpose; and if the party seized, and % or parties so convicted shall not pay the said penalty, toge- toy11*, before ther with such toll as shall be due, it shall be lawful for such aJU8Uce» justice, or one commissioner, and he and they is and are hereby required by warrants under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, to cause the beast or beasts, carriage or

carnai

98

touts utdMP*

ties and tolls;

offenders may

to committed, if distress be net fuficitnt.

Carriages and settle may be stopped until tickets are produced;

if tickets do not certify the whole tolls, the eattle, etc. may be distrained.

90s. penalty on owner or occupier of ground, near a pay-gate, permitting cattle, etc. to pur through, to avoid turnpike.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

carriage*, or goods so distrained, to be sold, and out of the money thereby arising to pay the said penalty and tolly together with the charges attending such distress and sale, to be ascertained by such Justice, or one commissioner, rendering the overplus (if any) upon demand to the owner or owners of such distress, or to the person or persons in whose care or possession the same respectively was or were when seized; and if distress sufficient for payment of said penalty, toll, and charges, shall not have been seized, such justice, or such one commissioner, shall and may, and he and they is, and are hereby required to commit the person or persons so convicted to the common goal, without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding three months, unless he or they shall sooner fully pay the said penalties, toll, and charges.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, or any of them, or for such person or persons as shall be authorized by them to stop at every toll-gate of the said road any car, cart, dray, waggon, warn, or other carriage of burden, of the driver of any cattle which shall have passed during the same day through any pay-gate on the said road, to require the driver or person attending the same to produce the ticket which he or she shall have received at such pay-gate for the toll paid for the same; and if such driver or person shall neglect or refuse to produce such ticket immediately on demand, or if such ticket, when produced, shall not certify the whole toll payable for the same, by virtue of this act, it shall be lawful for such person to seize and distrain the said horse, or other beast and carriages, with all the goods and chattels thereon, and such horse or horses, or other beast or beasts, carriage or carriages, or other goods and chattels, may be detained until the toll prescribed by this act for the same shall be paid, with the reasonable charges of such distress and detaining, and if the same shall not be paid within four days it shall be lawful for the person who shall have seized to sell the same, rendering the overplus (if any) to the owner or driver on demand, after payment of the said toll, and the full expenses of the said distress, detaining, and sale.

XX Y. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons owfaing, renting, or occupying any land near unto any pay-gate erected, or to be erected in pursuance of this act, shall for^rgain, reward, or otherwise, knowingly or wilfully permit any person or persons whatsoever to pass through any gate, passage, or way, on' his or their land, with any beast, cattle, -or carriage, to avoid the payment' of the toll to which such beast, cattle, or carriage would be subject on passing through any pay-gate on the said road, and be thereof convicted upon oath of any one credible witness, ' before any one of the said

of

The thirty-ninth Year of George III. £7

of, or any justice of the peace of the county wherein any such offence shall be committed, every such person shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of twenty shillings, to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such offender, by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice, or one commissioner, rendering the overplus (if any, after deducting the said forfeiture, and the charges attending such distress and sale) to the owner on demand.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Commissioned said. That it shall and may be lawful for the said commis- may electa sw* gioners, or any nine or more of them, who shall assemble atvey0r; any meeting, pursuant to this act, to elect and appoint a fit and proper person to act as a surveyor of the said road, who shall report in writing, from time to time, upon oath duty of saw to the said of, as often as thereunto required, veyors; the state and condition of the said road, and of the turnpike gates, bridges, and sewers thereon, and what repair shall appear to him to be necessary to the said road, bridges, and sewers, or any part thereof, and on such survey, or laying before the board an affidavit to be by him from time to time sworn before a justice of the peace for the county in which the same is situate, or any one of said of, that he hath properly and diligently attended to, and discharged his auty, to appoint such salary to be paid to such gurveyor*8 surveyor for the true and faithful performance of his of-iary Sot to ex-^fice, as they shall think fit, not exceeding the annual sum ceed sol* of twenty pounds.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Expences of this said. That the treasurer or treasurers who shall be ap- act to be paid

Pointed pursuant to this act, shall, out of the money to arise out of.

y the said tolls, in the first place pay the expences of pro- moneya 1 ' curing this act, and shall also from time to time pay all other necessary costs'and charges which shall be incurred by carrying the same, and the several clauses, powers, and provisoes thereof, from time to time, into due execution during the continuance thereof. 1

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- ls or more corn-said, That the said of, or any thirteen or more missioner* may of them, who shall assemble at any meeting pusuant' to this demise tolls, and' act, shall and may from time to time, by public, cant, or forrepSw^ otherwise, demise and make a lease or leases of the said road on giving tolls of the said road, or any part thereof, to the highest ^ednyrk0tiws? and best bidder or bidders, for any term they shall think pa^r°smd p^V. proper during the Continuance of this act; and shall and may ing on every also from tfrnC to time, by public cant, or otherwise, con- gate > tract with any person or persons who shall bfe the best bidder or bidders, for the repair of the said road, or of any part thereof for such term as they shall think proper, not exceeding

58 The thirty*ninth Year of George IQ.

ceeding the term aforesaid; provided always that notice of the intention to demise the said tolls, or any part thereof, or to contract for the repair of the said road, or of any part thereof* shall be printed in the Cork newspaper, and posted on every pay gate of the said road, fourteen days previous to every such demise or contract: and provided also, That every person who shall become tenant to the said tolls, or any part thereof, or who shall contract for the repair of the said road, steurity to be or any part thereof, shall give security to be approved of byiven by tenant* thirteen or more of the said of, and to be lodged for rep°air8.act0rs the treasurer of the said road, for the payment of such relit, or the performance of such contract as he or they shall contract or agree to pay, and not otherwise, is or more

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-commissioner* sa[d9 That the said of, or any thirteen or more wmoTeUw-or of them, who shall assemble at any meeting pursuant to thia sent; act, shall and may, by writing under their hands and seals,

from time to time, appoint a law-agent or attorney for transacting the law business necessary to be transacted under this act, and shall and may, from time to time, remove any such law-agent or attorney, and appoint another law-agent or attorney in his stead; and in case of the death or resignation of any such law-agent or attorney, shall and may, in like manner, appoint another law-agent or attorney, and so from time to time as occasion shall or may require, treasurer to pay and from time to time to order the treasurer of the said law-agents*^road to pay the said law-agent or attorney his bills of costsre taxed/* after they shall have been taxed by the chief remembrancer .'of the court of exchequer, or his deputy, and not other-

wise, and the receipt of such law-agent or attorney for the same, shall be sufficient voucher for the said treasurer, on passing his account with the said of.

3o much of the

XXX. And whereas it would facilitate the intercourse be-r£m°S°Wer tween the cities of Cork and Dublin, if the road leading brid^toWater- from the city of Cork to Watergrass-hill, by way of Lower gras^hill a* is Glanmire, were improved and kept in repair; be it therein ^ore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That so much of

of southern part said road as leads from Lowerv Glanmire-bridge to Water-diTUion. grass-hill aforesaid, and which strikes in upon, and joins the present road, between the said Lower Glanmire Bridge and Watergrass-hill, at or near the five mile stone on saidroad, shall be included in, and cpsidered part of the southern division of said turnpike-road, leading from the city of Cork to the brook which bounds the counties of Cork, and Tipperary, near the foot of Kilworth Mountain, and

that the said road, between Lower Glanmire-bridge, and the point at which the said intended new line of road will join the old one, near the five mde stone aforesaid, shall be subject to all the provisions and regulations in this act

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

£9

act contained and enacted, concerning the said turnpike Toad.

v^XXXI, And whereas in order to provided for the said repairs of the said road, by way of Lower Glanmire, it will x be necessary that turnpike gates Should be erected thereon, and the tolls herein mentioned, collected thereat, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and, after the passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful for V the said of herein before named, or any five or more of them, or'for any person or persons by them autho- a gate may be rized for that purpose, to erect one pay-gate or toll-house erected b^wee* between Lower Glanmire-bridge, and that part of said road which strikes an upon, and joins the present turnpike road that part which between the city of Cork and Watergrass-hill aforesaid: Pro- strike* in on Tided the said pay-gate or toll-house shall not be erected, or placed nearer to said Lower Glanmire-bridge than halfed. a mile at thq north west side of the same, and that all and every the tolls herein before enacted, to be payable within the southern division of the said turnpike road, shall be paid and payable at said gate, in such manner as herein before enacted. v

XXXII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained No greater or shall be construed to empower the of herein be- m<jre frequen t fore named, or any of them, or any person or persons by£an a°e pay^je them authorized, or any collector or gate-keeper on the said for the Lower Glanmire road, or the said present turnpike road, to

ask for, or demand greater or rpore frequent tolls upon the said road, so leading from Cork to Watergrass-hill, by way of Lower Glanmire-bridge, than are hereby enacted to be paid, and payable from said city to Watergrass-hill aforesaid, by way of the southern division of said turnpike road herein before limited and appointed.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Powers to dig

said. That all and every person or persons who shall from fornd carr7.

v., //, X. away matemh

time to tune be appointed by the said of to re- forroad; and t*

pair the said road, or any part thereof, and such person or do other matter* persons who shall be by him "or them for that purpose em- revive to fc; ployed, shall have full power and authority to dig for, search, raise, and carry away all such gravel, stones, sand, or other materials, which shall or^may be wanted for the repair of v

the said road, and for carrying off the water, and to prevent

its injuring the said road, to make drains in or through the lands of any person or persons, not being a deer park, hag-, gard, yard, planted lawn, or avenue to a mansion-house, '* or orchard, which shall have been planted for the space of seven years previous to such alteration; provided always, That satisfaction to auch person or persons so appointed to repair, shall from time owner*Iaud; to time make satisfaction to the owners or occupiers of the land, far dm damage he, she, or they shall thereby sustain

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

by private compact, after such damage shall have been sus* tained, or in case they shall disagree with respect to the amount thereof, then that such damage shall be assessed by three substantial householders of the county wherein such damage shall have arisen, one to be named by each of the parties, and the third by any neighbouring justice of the tf^land aredL- Peace* wh*0*1 persons so to be nominated, shall be sworn by satisfied refereesuch justice to be appraisers of such damage, and to make shall be apointed a true estimate thereof, to the best of their skill and judge*Wthroi h ment» without favour to either party; provided always, which road? that nothing herein contained shall authorize any person to

shall not be lay out or make a new road through any part of any de-

terUhra^d^ mesne or deer-park, or to widen any old road into any de-withsut consent, mesne or deer-park, or to search for gravel or other materials, in any demesne or deer-park, if such demesne or deer-park shall be enclosed with a stone wall made with lime and sand, of the height of six feet at the least, without the con sent of the owners being first obtained in writing under his hand.

SL penalty for

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-obstructing per- g^, That any person or persons who shall obstruct or pre-Troad.* °yC vent any person appointed by, or acting under the said of, in repairing the said road, or any part thereof, from digging for, raising or drawing away gravel, stones, sand, or other materials, necessary for such repairs, < or from making such drains as aforesaid, shall, upon conviction by the oath of one credible witness, before any one Justice of the peace of the county in which such offence shall have been committed, or before any one of the said of,

forfeit for every such offence a' sum not exceeding five pounds, to be levied by the warrant of such justice, ' or one commissioner, ' by distress and sale of the goods of the offender or offenders, together with the charges attending such distress and sale, to be ascertained by such justice, or one - commissioner, rendering the overplus (if any) to the owner on demand.

XXXV. And whereas it is necessary for the better management of said road, that the drains on the sides thereof shall be under the controul of the said of, or of the person or persons authorized by them to keep the said' Scouring widen- roaa in repair; bent therefore enacted, That if any person ing, deepening shall scour, deepen, fill up, or widen any drain or ditch, or ditcSsandP^Part °* drain or ditch on the side of any part of

araini. the said road, without the order of the said of,

or of the person or persons authorized to keep the said road in repair, that then and in such case it may be lawful to and for the said of, or the person or persons authorized by them to keep the road in repair, to cause the same to be filled up or scoured, as he or they may think fit, and to take for such purpose such earth or otter materials as may

be

The Thirty-ninth Year of George III. "81

be most convenient, whether in the adjoining field or otherwise, and to levy the expense thereof by distress and sale of the goods of such person.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for every car load of scouring or earth thrown out of any drain or ditch on the said road, and which shall be drawn away by the said of, or by any person or persons authorized by them to keep the said road in repair, or their ordfcr, the owner or occupier of the land which such ditch or drain divides from the said road shall, upon conviction, forfeit the sum of one shilling for every day the same shall have remained thereon, after notice duly served to remove the same.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any person who shall turn or make way for any water to go upon, or over any part of the said road, or into trenches by the side of any part of the said road, without first having made a sufficient dram or drains to carry off such water, so that it shall not injure any part of the said road, or who shall pull out, remove, injure the foundation, or any terSng"water other part of any bridge or sewer, or any wall or fence to any on road, or into quarry, pit, hole, river, or watercourse, or who shall injure

any mile stone or direction post, or who shall build any drain,; oJfjn. house, or part of a house, within ibrty-five feet of the centre juring a bridge, of any part of the said road, or who shall build amr wall, or Sfe7e&cfenc*, make any ditch within thirty feet of the centre of any part*c* of the said road, or who shall build any windmill, or make or building any rope walk within one hundred yards of any part of the di8^nct8 said road, or who shall remove any of the materials which tionedf*11" shall be prepared for filling any ditch, or part of a ditch, or who shall destroy or take down any part of the bank or banks material! for which are or snail be raised between any part of the said injuring banks; road and the drains and trenches, on either side of the said road, or who shall make or have any way or passage from the said road into the lands adjoining, without placing a gutter or arch underneath such passage or way, as deep as or maMS

' the drain or ditch over such way or passage, of breadth and ^SterT; heighth sufficient to allow all water which may at any time be therein, full room to pass, or who shall bum, or suffer to be burned on his or her lands, bricks, lime, weeds, or vege- or table substance for ashes, within one hundred feet of the cen- bricks; weeds, tre of the said road, every person so offending shall, for every &c. within ioo such offence, upon being convicted thereof by confession Of feetof cemrej the party, or by the oath of one credible witness, before any justice of the peace of the county wherein such offence shall be committed, of before any one of the said of, or upon the view of such justice or one commissioner, forfeit persons who^ the sum of five pounds; and that any person who shall keep keep dogn^t or have in his or her possession, any cur-dog, mastiff, ox?* bull-dog, at any house within fifty yards x>f the said road* without a block of wood of five pounds weight at the least, orwiBesw

foteaed Q9rmi

Is. per load per day, for scouring or earth thrown orroad, after notice to remove it.

m

r lay straw, Btc. on road, or crape gravel

&c. or dig any &c. or lay turf;

er carriages, ploughs, &c. without beasts thereto, except fcahereiii;

r plant trees within 50 feet of centre; or injure footpaths, or ride thereon;

r injure horseblocks;

r spread winnowing cloths within 100 feet of centre;

r leave any matter on road, except for its use; or skin or leave carcasses;

or drive cars with timber nroj ecting as herein;

r drag timber r mill-stones;

r erect signposts, &c. 5tc«

all such offenders forfeit 40s.

The thirty-ninth Year g/* George III.

fastened to the neck of every ouch dog, or who shall winnow or lay out for winnowing any corn on the said road, or within fifty feet of the centre thereof, or who shall lay any straw, dung, or rubbish on the said road, or who shall scrape the gravel or 6tones from off any pan of the said road, or wh6 snail scour or dig any pit, ditch, or drain, or lay any turf on any part of the said road, or who shall leave on any part of the said road, between enclosure and enclosure, or permit to be left thereon, opposite or near his or her house, any carriage, plough, or harrow, without having the beast or beasts for drawing the same harnessed thereto, save and except such carriages as shall be actually travelling with a passenger or passengers, or baggage, the property ofpassengers which shall stop to change horses, and which shall not continue more than one hour, or such carriage as shall have been accidentally broken down, and cannot be removed without repair, or who shall set or plant any forest tree, or the seed of any such tree within fifty feet of the centre of any part of the said r dad; or who shall break down or injure any foot-path, on any part of the said road, or who shall ride, lead, or drive any horse or other beast, on any part of any such foot-path, or who shall injure any horse-block, or any other thing which shall be made, erected, or put upon any part of the said road for the use thereof, or for the convenience of travellers, or who shall spread out any linen, blankets, or cloth for winnowing, within one hundred feet of the centre of said road, or who shall beat or dry any flax, or leave any timber, stones, sand, clay, lime, or other matter on the said road, except for the use of said road; or who shall leave or permit to be left, the carcase of any horse or other beast, or shall skin the same, or permit it to be skinned within one hundred yards of the centre of the centre of the said road, save in a house or place enclosed with walls five feet high at the least, or who shall lead or drive on any part of the said road, any car or carriage with timber, boards or iron laid across, so that either end thereof shall project beyond the wheels or sides of such car or cart riage, or on which shall be laid any beams, timber or plank above the length of thirteen feet, except on carriages with four wheels, or on carts or common, cars so placed together, that such beams, timber or planks shall be laid lengthways thereon, or who shall drag any tipiber, or mill-stone along any part of the said road, without being supported by wheels from touching the same, or who shall erect any sign-post, may-pole, may-bush, or any turf-stack, on any part of the said road, every person so offending, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of forty shillings upon being convicted thereof by the confession of the party, or by the oath of one credible witness, before any such justice of the peace or one commissioner, which penalties and forfeitures, with the costs and charges attending such conviction, to be ascertained by

suefi

t i

The ikktly*rintk Year of George III. $4

msh justice Or one commissioner, shall be levied Ly distress and sale of the offender's goods, by warrant under the hand and sale of euth justice or one commissioner, returning the overplus (if any) to the owner on demand. v

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority All turf, tim-aforesaid, That all turf, dung, dirt, straw, rubbish, stones,

gravel, sand, litne, potatoes, corn, grain, cars, carriages or be forfeited, tanber, which shall be laid on the said road, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be forfeited to the of of the said road, or to the person or persons 60 authorized by them as aforesaid, to keep said road in repair, and shall be by their or any of their order sold or otherwise disnosed of, as they or any of them shall think fit for the use ma benefit of the said road, and not otherwise.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aford- 2 justices or aid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for any two jus- of^ tkes of the peace of the county, or any three or more of said {^e°pu5e<r of, or for such person or persons as by warrant down, and unaer their hands and seals they shall authorize for that pur- g"8 fiUed pose, to pull down and level any wall, or part of a wall, and to negiects^eriz nil up any drain or ditch which shall be built or made within days notice; thirty-five feet of the centre of any part, of the said road after the passing of this act, or that shall be built after any new line hail he laid out, and to lop or top all branches overhanging, or which shall overhang any part of the said road, and to take nd carry away the samer if the owners or occupiers shall neglect to pull down or level such wall, or to fill up such drain or ditch, or to cut down such branches for twelve days after one month's notice in writing shall be previously given for that purpose, unc(er the hand of any magistrate or one commissioner; and if after such notice as aforesaid, the owner or occupiers shall neglect so to do, such justice or one commissioner, or such person or persons as by warrant under his hand and seal he shall authorize, shall and may take up any way or passage leading from the said road into any adjoining field or land which shall obstruct the free passage of water, and to remake the same by building a gutter, sewer, or arch thereon of a sufficient depth, and to scour and clean all drains for carrying off the water to prevent its injuring the said road, expjsnce* levied nd to puB down and, remove any sign-post which shall be erected contrary to* this act, and to levy the expense of so doing by the distress and sale of the goods of the owner or occupier of the lands whereon such way, passage, drain, bushes or branches shall be, rendering the overplus, (if any) to the owner on demand.

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Houses and -That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commis- lime-kilns may ioners, or for such person or persons as by warrant under pulled down, their hands and seals, they or any five or more of them shall noSce-m°ntlU authorize or appoint to pull down, or cause to he pulled9

down, '

The thirty-ninth Year a/* George III.

do^imty bt

Penalty on owners or dri-

down, any house or lime kiln, or any part of either which shall be built contrary to this act, and to levy the expense of so doing by distress and sale of the goods of the person who shall cause the same to be erected, if after two months notice in writing shall be previously given to the person who erected the same, he, she or they shall refuse or neglect to pull down the same, and that it shall and may be lawful for any person to kill any dog which shall be kept contrary to this act, without being sued or prosecuted for so doing.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any person in care of any car, cart, dray, or waggon, shall, by any ne-

__________ gligence or willful misbehaviour, hinder or obstruct, or inter-

carriages rupt the passage of any other carriage, or any of His Mato1, extracting jegty'g subjects on the said road, or being unloaded or empty, not tSmlngaride shall refuse or neglect to turn aside, ana make way for any It unloaded; coach, carriage, chaise, loaded waggon, car, cart, dray, or other carriage being loaded, every such person so offending, on being convicted thereof by his own confession, or by the oath of any one credible witness, before any justice of - the peace of the county where such offence shall be committed, or any one commissioner of the said road, shall, for every such offence, if the owner of such carriage, forfeit the sum of ten shillings/ and if not the owner thereof the sum of five shillings, and upon non-payment thereof, shall by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice or one commissioner, be committed to the gaol or house of correction of the county wherein such offence shall be committed, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one month, ji rb offenders unless such fine shall be sooner paid, and every such offender in any of the said cases may without any warrant be apprehended by any person whatsoever, ana be by him conveyed or delivered to a constable, or other peace officer, to be conveyed before such justice, or one commissioner.

aLII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall resist or forcibly oppose any person or persons employed in the due execution of this act, or shall assault any collector of the tolls in the due execution of his or their office or offices, or shall rescue, or attempt to rescue any cattle, carriage, or other goods that shall oe distrained or seized by virtue of this act, or if any constable or sub-constable shall refuse or neglect to execute any warrant to him directed by any Justice, or any one commissioner, pursuant to this act, every person so offending, on being convicted thereof before any justice of the peace, or any one of the said of, by his or her ovvn confession, or by the oath of one credible witness, shall for every such offence forfeit a sum not exceeding ten pounds, nor less than five pounds, at the discretion of such, justice, or one commissioner; and if such fine shall not be immediately paid, such justice or one commissioner is, and

are

may be apprehended without

warrant*.

Penalty dn persons who resist the execution of this act, or constables not doing duty.

65

The thirty ninth Year of George III#

are hereby empowered and required to commit such offender to the common goal, or house of correction wherein the offence shall be committed, there to remain for any time not exceeding six months, unless such fine shall be sooner paid#

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Penalties not said. That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures imposed pur- othe^ri?L^iie suant to this act, the manner of levying and applying where- [^dby dis-of are not hereby particularly directed* shall and may be tress, or oflfrnd-levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods by warrant, erf committed under the hand and seal of any one of the said of, or of any justice before whom the offender shall be convicted, or the offender shall be committed by such justice* or one commissioner, by warrant under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, to the common gaol, or house of correction of the county wherein the offence, shall be committed, there to remain without bail or mainprize for any time not exceeding three months, unless such fine, forfeiture, or penalty, shall be sooner paid; and every such fine, forfeiture, or penalty, when paid, shall be applied by such justice, or one commissioner, in rewarding the party or application of parties by whose evidence the offender or offenders shall be convicted, and the constables, or other persons, who shall be assisting in such conviction, partly to one, and partly to the other, as such justice, or one commissioner shall deem

proper.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Commianonm said. That any one commissioner of the said road, and every and justices justice of the peace of the county shall have power within ^adinkimer his jurisdiction to administer all oaths which are hereby re-'quired or directed, or which may be necessary for the purpose of carrying this act into execution; and if any person or persons shall wilfully affirm, or swear falsely, every such person shall, upon conviction, suffer the pains and penalties persons who enacted against persons guilty of wilful and corrupt pei> affirm or swear

uTlv. And be it further enacted by the authorityafore-^said. That in all cases where any oath is prescribed or mentioned in this act, the affirmation of the party, if a quaker, shall be sufficient in the place of such oath.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Affirmation oft said, That no distress to be taken, or sum olr sums of money Quaker suffix to be levied pursuant to this act shall b§ deemed unlawful, cient* nor shall the party or parties making the same be deemed a trespasser or trespassers for or on account of any default or Distresses net want of form in any proceedings relating thereto, or of any deemed unlaw-irregularity which shall or may afterwards arise, but the per- foJ-m'butpe?^ son or persons who shall or may be aggrieved by such lirre- sons aggrieved gularity, shall and may recover full satisfaction for the special may recover damages he, she, or they shall thereby sustain by action on the case.*4

Vql. ML E XLV1L

66

Present and new lines shall be subject to this act*

Commissioners and overseers shall have same powers as for

JJine commissioners treat for lands for altering road.

The thirty-ninth Year of George ID.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore*' said, That every part of the present line of the said road, and of any new line or lines of road to be made pursuant to this act, shall be subject to the provisions of this act, and to no other law whatsoever.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That every commissioner of the said road, and every overseer who shall be by them appointed, shall, in respect to the said road have the public roads, by like powers and authorities as overseers appointed under the 36 act of the thirty-sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, en-

titled, An Act for the amendment of public roads9for directing the power of g rand juries respecting presentments, and for repealing several laws heretofore made for those purposes.

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any nine or more of the said of, or for any person or persons as shall be authorized by them for that purpose, to agree with the several proprietors and occupiers, and other persons interested in the several lands, tenements, buildings, houses, -grounds, or hereditaments, adjoining to any part or parts of the said road, they shall deem necessary to be widened, altered, or shortened for so much of such adjoining lands, tenements, houses, buildings, grounds, or hereditaments, as they shall deem necessary to be added to the said road, and with the consent of such proprietor, occupier, or person interested to ascertain, describe, and set apart such part or parts of such adjoining lands, tenements, houses, buildings, grounds, or hereditaments, as they shall deem necessary for carrying the said road in new lines less hilly, and more convenient and safe for travellers, and to fence such new lines on both sides thereof, so as to open the same, 'to be and remain a part or parts of the said road from thenceforth, and that from the time such new line or Ives- of new road shall be made and opened, the person or persons who was or were occupier or occupiers of the ground to be set apart for such new line or lines of road, shall and may from thenceforth hold and enjoy so much of such old road as shall be altered or changed ball possess the in satisfaction and exchange of the ground to be made use of exchange* ma^ng such new line or lines, if the same person or per* e*sons is, are, or shall be the occupier or occupiers of both the old and new line or lines to be so altered and changed its aforesaid, and that from the time such new line or lines of Toad shall be fully completed, such person or persons as are or shall be the occupier or occupiers as aforesaid, shall and may at his, her, or their expence, inclose and fence up such part or parts of the old road so to be exchanged, and the same shall not be liable to be again laid open.

Allbodies, ex- L. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

tees°&ct ml" That it shall and may be lawful for all bodies politic, corpo-demise such y rate, or collegiate, corporations, aggregate or Side, execd-grounds: toff.

Proprietors of ground taken for new road

The tkivijj-minik Yc*r 6/ George III.

67

tort, Kbninktratort, trustees and guardians, committees, or other trustees, not only on behalf of themselves, but also on behalf of cestui questrusts, infants, or iwue unborn, unsticks, idiots, same coverts, or other persons, and of all same coverts seised in their own right, and for all persons having an estate for life only, with remainders over, and for all and every other person or persons whatsoever, who is or dhaD be seized, possessed of, or interested in any ground which shall be necemry for the purpose aforesaid, to demise, lease, or convey for ever, or for nine hundred and ninety* nine years, or during their respective interests to the commissioners of the said road, or to such person or persons as shall be authorized for that purpose, by the valuation of a jury as herein after directed, and all leases, sales, and con- irtm to W«w veyances, which shall be so made, shall be enrolled in the roMbwy chief remembrancer's office of the court of exchequer, with* Wascer'ioffiw; in six months after executing the same, and when so en« rafted, shall be valid to all intents and purposes, any law, Statute, or usage, or any other matter or thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof m any wise notwithstanding; and all feoffees in trust, executors, or administrators, guardians, committees, or trustees, corporations, aggregate or sole; and -

all other persons are, and shall be hereby indemnified for " what they shaft do by virtue of, or in pursuance of this act. for such acts/

LL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Wherrproptl*-That if any such owner, proprietor, occupier, committee, tort, or persons body politic^corporate or collegiate, aggregate or sole, ex- concrnicd^re-ecutor, administrator, or guardian, or any other person or day^T* persons in any wise interested in any such lands, tenements, node*, the value Dufldmgs, houses, grounds, or hereditaments, not being an shall be ascer-qgchard, yard, or planted walk, lawn, or avenue, after four- dii"7*

teen days notice in writing shall be personally given to, or rected left for turn, her, or them, at his, her, ^>r their dwelling-house or houses, or place or places of abode, or at the head office or offices of such body politic, corporate or collegiate, ort the house of the tenant in possession of such lands, tenements, houses, buildings, grounds, or hereditaments, except as before excepted, shall neglect or refuse to demise, lease, or convey any such lands, tenements, houses, grounds, and hereditaments, part or parts thereof, or their interest therein,

for the purposes aforesaid, or by reason of absence shall be prevented man treating or agreeing for the same, then and m all or any of such cases the said of, or any five or more of diem, shall cause it to be enquired into, and ascertained by and upon the oath of a jury of twelve indifferent men or the county wherein the lands and tenements lie, which oath any five or more of such of are hereby empowered and required to administer, what annual relit -foam be paid, or what recompence shall be given to such owner, occupier, proprietor, or other person or persons in*

E 2 terested

6ft

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

leases may be executed after valuation by i"7;

forested for, or on account of the widening the said road, or any part or parts thereof, or for laying out or making any new line or lines of road through his or their lands, and for that purpose the said of, or any five or more of them are empowered and required from time to time, as there shall be occasion to summon and call before the said jury, and to examine upon oath any person or persons whatsoever, whp shall be thought necessary or proper to be examined as a witness or witnesses, touching or concerning the premises, which oath, any five or more of the said of are hereby empowered and required to administer, and at the desire and request of any party, such jury shall view the place or places in question, and shall use all other lawful ways and means for their better information in the premises; and after the said jury shall have so enquired into and ascertained what annual relit or other recompence shall be paid or given, any five or more of the said Commissioners may accept of, and execute a lease or leases for such relit as shall oe agreed upon, or shall be ascertained in manner aforesaid, or in case the premises are to be purchased, may thereupon accept a'conveyance thereof, and order and adjudge the sum or sums of Money so agreed upon, or assessed by the jury as for annual relit, or for such purchase or purchases to be paid to the person interested in such lands, tenements, buildings, houses, grounds, or hereditaments, and that the aforesaid commit-whetherthe will 8^onersJ or five or more of them, or any person or per-

hold lands, Sec. sons empowered by them to keep said road in repair, shall, at yearly rents, after such jury shall have so examined what annual relit, or or purchase other recompence shall be so paid or given, make their elec*tien and declare whether they will hold such lands, tenements, - buildings, housees, grounds, or hereditaments, at such yearly relit ad said jury shall award, or shall purchase the same for such sum of mpney as they shall find on their oaths the same to be worth, every of which agreements, conveyance, verdict, or inquisition, and the order and adjudication to be so had and made thereon, shall and may, at the instance of any five or more of the said of, be enrolled in the chief remembrancer's office of the court of exchequer in Ireland* and shall be final and conclusive against all parties or persons whatsoever, at law, in equity, or otherwise claiming, or to claim, in possession, reversion, remainder, or otherwise, his, her, or their heirs, executors, administrators, and successor?, as well absent as present, infants, same coverts, idiots, lunaticks, and persons under any disability, bodies politic, corporate, collegiate, aggregate or sole, as well as all other person or persons whatsoever, and every such owner, occupier, and proprietor, and all and every person and persons interested in such lands, tenements, buildings, houses, grounds, or hereditaments so demised or purchased as aforesaid, shall thereby be from thenceforth, to all intents and purposes, subject to such lease or leases as shall be made thereof.

eontinitsioners

r pur< them at sum Swarded by.

j*or;

agreements, conveyances, Stc. to be enrolled in remembrancer's office, and shall be final.

r

f by The thirty-ninth Year of George III.99

-or if sold, shall be divested of all rights, claims, interests, or property of, into or out of the same; and for the summoning and commieeiolieM returning of such jury and juries, the said of, or taissue warrant* any five or more of them, are hereby empowered, from time to sheriffs, to r«-to time, to issue their warrants or warrant to the sheriff of the turn juries; county in which the said lands shall be, thereby requiring him to impannel, summon and return an indifferent jury of not less than twenty-four persons to appear before any five or more of the said of, at Such time and place as by such j4^ warrant they shall appoint, of which time and place such no- previotw to tice to be served as aforesaid, shall be given to all person and meeting of jury; persons interested, fourteen days previous to the meeting of such jury; and the said sheriff is hereby required to impannel, iurTto summon and return such twenty-four persons accordingly, andworB* out of the persons so impannelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear, the said of, or any five or more of them, snail cause to be sworn twelve, who shall be the jury for the purposes aforesaid; and for default of a sufficient number of jurymen appearing, the said sheriff shall, if required by the said of, or any five or more of them, return so many bve-standera as shall be necessary to make up the number of twelve to serve on such

u2h.Provided always, That all persons concerned shall Challenges, have their lawful challenges, but not to challenge the array of the pannel with respect to any of the said jury when they come to be sworn; and the said of, or any five com^ssioners or more of them, shall have power from time to time, to im- may*'

pose any reasonable fine or fines not exceeding the sum of fine persons ten pounds sterling on such sheriff, or any of his bailiff or summoned, bailiffs, or agents, as shall make default in the premises, or any of the person or persons who shall be summoned and returned on such pannel, who shall not appear, or shall refuse to be sworn on said jury, or to give their verdict, or in any manner wilfully shall neglect their duty therein, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, and on any of the persons required to give evidence touching the premises, who shall refuse to be examined and give evidence, and from time to time to issue their warrant to levy such fine and fines off the goods and chattels of such persons so fined wheresoever they may be found.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That, all such sums of Relit^pufi. money as shall be agreed for, or ascertained as aforesaid, chase money whether for annual relit, or for the purchase of such houses, out« lands, tenements, buildings, grounds, hereditaments so to be toU# 5 taken in, or made part of the said road, or for any of the purposes aforesaid, shall be paid out of the produce of the tolls arising by virtue of this act, to the person or persons who shall be entitled to receive the same, in such proportions as shall be ascertained by the jury; end that upon payment where person*

pfkwre*udre7

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

Commissioner* may swear Junes, &c.

Relit to be paid laii yearly;

fuse or neglect 'tjf such annual relit or purchase-money, or tender being ner'after i4°* ma(^e thereof, and refusal to accept the same, or in case any day* notice, person or persons who according to their respective interests or, 8>*e9 or shall be entitled thereto, shall after fourteen days money lodged in not*ce* he previously served as aforesaid, refuse or neglect bank, workmen to receive the same, or to execute a proper lease or deed of may proceed, conveyance to the said of according to the nature and circumstances of the agreement as shall be so made or ascertained as aforesaid, or in case the title shall be disputed, then upon the said relit or purchase-money, being by order of the said of lodged in the bank of Ireland, under an order on petition to the court of exchequer for that purpose, it shall be lawful for any five or more of the said of, to order their workmen and labourers to add such houses and grounds to the said road for the purposes aforesaid, or to make foot-paths thereon, without the let, hindrance, or interruption or any person whatsoever.

LIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any five or more of the said of shall have full power and authority to swear such jury, and to administer all oaths necessary for the examining into, and ascertaining such annual relit or purchase-money as aforesaid, or in any way respecting such trial and examination.

LV. And De it further enacted by the authority aforesaid* That the annual relit so to be agreed on or ascertained as aforesaid, shall be paid from time to time, by half-yearly payments, to the person or persons who shall be entitled thereto, the first payment thereof to begin and to be made at the end of six calendar months next after such ground shall be taken and possessed by the said of, as a part or parcel of the said road rand the person or persons persons entitled entitled to receive the same shall, during the continuance of - -K-M this act have the same estate and interests in such rents as he, she, or they would have had in the said grounds, in case this act had never been made, and in default of payment by the said of, within thirty days after the same shall become due, and shall have been demanded from the treasurer of the said road, it shall and may be lawful for the person or persons who shall from time to time be entitled to the said rents, or any part of them, to commence or prosecute one or more actions at law on the case, or in debt against such treasurer for non-payment of such relit, and shall and may upon such action or actions, recover the money

uoh money and then due, together with his or her, or their foil costs of suit, costs to pai have such remedies for the same as are allowed by law in other cases, which said money with costs so recovered, when paid, shall be allowed to such treasurer on his account with the said of '

LVI. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-for or, refusal said, That upon payment of such sum as shall be agreed

to rents shall have same estates as before;

rents unpaid 30 days after demand, may be recovered by action, &c.

by treasurer, and allowed tQ him.

Upon payment of sums agreed

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

71

for or ascertained as aforesaid by any such jury, or upon thereof, posies-such tender and refusal thereof, it shall be lawful for five Sve^herijFs, or more of the said of to order and authorize any Of required. Seal person or persons they shall think proper, to take possession

of the ground so to be taken in for the purpose aforesaid; and the sheriff is hereby required, upon demand, and in virtue of a precept to be to him directed by the said of, or any five or more of them, under their hands and seals, in case such shall be found necessary to give the possession of such grounds as shall be therein mentioned and described to the said of, and in case such sheriff, Penalty on'on bein£ paid or tender made to him of such like fee as by law is usual to be given to a sheriff on executing a writ ecuung wn' of habere facias possessionem, shall within ten days after delivery of such precept refuse or neglect to execute and obey the same, every such sheriff shall be subject to such punishment by fine or attachment, as his Majesty's court of exchequer, on application or complaint to be there made against him shall in such case award or impose.

LVII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Grand juries of said. That. it shall and may be lawful to and for the grand cl % an? countT juries for the county of Cork, and county of the city of preSntifor7 Cork respectively, at any assizes which shall be holden after bridges oh road, the passing, and during the continuance of this act, to present that such sum or sums of money as shall be requisite, shall be raised on the said county; or county of the said city at large, to be expended in building, re-building, enlarging, repairing, or altering any bridge or battlement, or part of any bridge or battlement across any stream, river, or rup within their respective counties, which shall intersect any part of the present line of the said road, or of any new line or lines of rood which shall he made pursuant to this act, jand the judges of assize at every such assizes, are hereby required to confirm every such presentment.

LVIII. Provided always, That no sum shall be presented Affidavit to be for building re-building, enlarging, repairing, or altering any such bridge or battlement, or part of any such bridge bridges are or battlement, or any new line or lines of the said road, granted, unless it shall appear by affidavit of two credible persons who can read and write, that such new line or lines is or are necessary to shorten the distance, or to avoid a hill or hills for the greater safety and convenience of travellers, or that such new line will benefit the intercourse between any two parts of the said road.

LIX. And provided also, That no money shall be presented Requisites to be unless the same forms and other requisites shall he pursued performed j>e-> and observed as under the road acts now in being, or that mentTare made now are, or hereafter shall be enacted, are or shall be pe- for bridges, as quired relative to bridges upon public presentment roads, under other ^th.^«spreU, e gn, diUnc, l, l, tave ll-uch

7*

The Thirty-ninth Year of George TO.

and money accounted for in like manner.

the like powers as are pr shall be vested in grand juries with respect to bridges, by the several acts now in force, or to be made for amending the public roads; and that all monies so to be presented shall be accounted for in the same manner, and by such like affidavits, and under the like regulations, in all respects, as now are, or shall be enacted in respect to bridges, on such public roads.

Regulations as to La. And provided also, That if such stream, river, or bridge# over rut, over which such bridge or bridges shall be necessary to ckyandTounty be built, rebuilt, enlarge^ repaired, or altered, shall be the shall be same as* boundary between the said county of Cork and the county by public road of the said city of Cork, in such case the like regulations act, so G. 3. c. reSpect to bridges which are the boundaries Detween

two adjoining counties, and in respect to accounting for, and, the treasurer paying the money presented, as are required by the herein before recited act, oi the thirty-sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled. An act for the amendment of public roads, for directing the power of grand juries respecting presentments, and for repealing the several laws heretofore made for those purposes, shall be observed. Provisions L}Q. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

for repairs of That all provisions by the road acts made or to be made h* breache# for the repairing sudden breaches in bridges on the public forpubUcrgodt roads, shall extend to the said road as it now runs, or to any new line or lines hereafter to be made pursuant to this act.

Suits to be com-

LXII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-

menced within said. That all or any suit or suits for any thing done iu faShi^ountyor Pursuance this act, shall be commenced within six calen-eity of Cork, for dar months after the fact, and shall be laid in the county of matters done Cork, or in the county of the city of Cork, and not else-def«rd^» may where md* , said ^fendanU shall and may plead the - - general i^sue, and give this act and the special matter m

evidence, and that the same was done by authority of this H act; ^k shall appear that such action was brought after

Uintjff be non- the time hereby limited, or in any other county, or if the

suited, &c. jury shall find for the defendants, or if the plaintiff shall dis-

continue, or suffer a nonsuit after the defondant or de*

fondants shall have appeared, or if on demurrer judgment shall be had against the plaintiff, the defendant shall recover treble cost in such suits, and have like remedy as any other defendant in other causes.

In force 41 years,

LXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be, and continue in force for the term of forty-one years, from the last day of this present session of parliament, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

LXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed a public act, and shall

plead the general issue; treble costs to defendant, if

and to end of next session.

A public act.

The thirty-ninth Year of George EH. TS

be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and others, without specially pleading the same.

CHAP. Lin.

An Act to grant certain Duties therein mentioned to His Majesty, to be applied to the Purpose of making wide and convenient Ways, Streets and Passages in the City of Dublin for enabling the Commissioners therein mentioned more effectually to execute the Trusts reposed in them.

Whereas by an act passed in this kingdom in the twenty- 21, 32 g. 3 c. it. third and twenty-fourth years of his present Majesty's reign, 23*2*0'. 3.^31. entitled, An act for continuing and amending an act passed>reamWe-in the twenty-second year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, and act for the improvement (f the city of Dublin, by mating wide and convenient passages through the same9 and for regulating the coal trade thereof and for other vutj>osesf it was enacted, That there Should be granted, raised, by 23 & 24 G. s. levied, collected and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and eJn. is. per too successors, an additional net duty of one shilling for and upon wa81leviclonaJ<f every ton of coals, not being the produce of this kingdom, to wnmilsrion-which Should be imported or brought into the harbour of era of wide-Dublin during the time aforesaid, and so in proportion for »treets; any greater or less quantity, to be paid to the of appointed for making a wide and convenient way, street and passage from Essex-oridge to the castle of Dublin, to be applied by them in such manner and for, such purposes as was enacted or provided by the said act: And whereas the said unc^r 90 of were by an act passed in the thirtieth year of^newSmJwed his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for further 100.0001. at 4L amending the said recited act enabled to borrow the sum of P«r one hundred thousand pounds, at an interest of four pounds per centum per annum, upon the credit of the said duty: And whereas the said duty has proved insufficient to raise and discharge the said sum, and to execute the purposes of the said

acts, and it is therefore expedient to encrease the funds for the said purposes; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same That from and after the passing of this act, there shall be granted, raised, levied, ana paid to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the rates and assessments following, that is every houae-to say, every person being the owner or occupier of any keeper to Dub-house within the city of Dublin and the liberties thereunto adj^in^U* adjoining, and every owner or occupier of such houses as take out a card are or shall be built within the limits of the Circular Road, JJcense, yearly.

shall

ri*.

5s. 3d. for a house valued at 201. and under SOI.

11s. 4hd- for s house valued at 30L and under 40L

lL 2s. 9d. for a house valued at 401. and upward*.

Commissioners' clerk to issue licenses toper-sons who give in their names and places of abode, in writing, and pay duty.

Duties not payable until 24 June, each year; ommissioners may appoint persons to levy duties;

notice in writing before distress is taken.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

shall yearly take out a license, which shall entitle such owner or owners, and all other persons, to play at any lawful game at cards within such house, for one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March last, and which license shall be rated and paid for according to the rates and manner following; that is to say, every owner or occupier of any house within the'limits before mentioned, which is or shall be ascertained, according to the valuations used for the collection of ministers* money, to be of the yearly value of twenty pounds, and under the yearly of thirty pounds, to pay the sum of five shillings and five pence for such yearly license; and every owner or occupier of any house within the limits before mentioned, ascertained according to the valuation aforesaid, to be of the yearly value of thirty pounds, and under the yearly value of forty pounds, to pay the sum of eleven shillings and four pence halfpenny for such yearly license; and every owner or occupier of any house within the limits before mentioned, ascertained according to the valuation before mentioned to be of the yearly value of forty pounds and upwards, to pay the sum of one pound two shillings and nine pence for such yearly license, each and every such license to be of force for one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March in each year, in which such license is taken out, and no longer.

II. And for the better collection of the duties and monies payable on the issuing of such licenses, be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the clerk to the said of, to issue and grant such licenses to persons inhabiting such houses within the limits and bounds aforesaid, and so rated and valued as aforesaid, each and every person applying for the same, returning to the said clerk in writing their name and place of abode, and paying for such license the sum before mentioned, according to the rate and valuation aforesaid of such house as such person as shall inhabit within the limits aforesaid.

III. Provided always, That the several duties and rates aforesaid, shall not be deemed payable until the twenty-fourth day of June in each year; and provided also, that in case of non-payment of such duty by any person hereby liable to the payment thereof, and of omission or refusal to take out such license, it shall and may be lawful for the said of, or any three or more of them, to appoint such person or persons as they may deem proper to levy thp said duties, so due and payable by distress arid sale of the goods of the inhabitant or inhabitants, who shall at the time ol such distress be in or occupy such house, and such person or persons so appointed, are hereby empowered to fevy any of the said duties so remaining unpaid as aforesaid* by distress and sale as aforesaid; provided nevertheless, that in such cases of non-payment as aforesaid, before such duty

shall

The. thirty-nin th Year of George ffi. 75

«haQ be levied by distress and sale as aforesaid, notice thereof in writing shall be duly served at the house of such inhabitant, ten days at least before such distress shall be taken*

IV. And be it farther enacted, That in all suits, actions Ministers* nvv and avowries, to be made or prosecuted for or on account of ney for last % the said duties and charges by the said of, or any person by them authorized to collect the same, and in all dence, actions or suits to be prosecuted by any person or persons against the said of, or the person or persons by them authorized to collect the said duties or charges, in relation to the collection of the same, the proving the ministers9 money which has been usually paid annually for such house, for the space of three years next before such suit, action, or avowry commenced, shall be sufficient evidence for all the purposes of this act of the valuation of the ministers9 money on such house or houses.

V. And be it further enacted, That all persons frequent- Members dT tng any house in the city and suburbs of Dublin, and within clubs where the limits and bounds of the Circular Road aforesaid, wherein ar^playedshall any club or clubs is or are kept, wherein any game at cards pay 11.2s. sd. or dice is played, and being a member of such club, shall each;

be obliged to take out a license, which license shall continue

in force for the space of twelve months, to commence from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred

and ninety-nine, and no longer, and for which license he

shall pay the sum of one pound two shillings and nine-pence

sterling; and that it shall be lawful for the clerk to the said

of for the making wide and convenient streets iu

the city of Dublin, to' issue and grant such license to such

persons as shall apply for the same, each and every person

so applying returning to the said clerk, in writing, their

naiqe and place of abode, and the name of the club of

which they are a member; and if any person shall, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June next, frequent any club fre^entTuck

within the limits aforesaid, wherein any game at cards or clubs forfeit

dice is played, without having first applied for and obtained

such license, and the same remaining in force and unexpired,

such person shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, one

moiety thereof to be paid to the informer, and the other

moiety thereof to his Majesty for the uses and purposes -of

(his act.

VI. Provided always, That if any person shall take out ll % 4^uib^ster

a license as a member of a club as aforesaid, and shall have tC*

paid one guinea for such yearly license, if such person shall be or become thereafter a member of any other club or clubs, then and in such case he shall not be obliged to pay more than eleven shillings and four pence halfpenny, for every such further license as a member of Such other club or clubs, any thing contained in this act to the contrary notwithstanding.


the thirty-ninth Year of George III.

lift* of m«m-Wn of chibs to be given in by keeper* of house* where dub* are held, eery year and every time a new member Ss elected, penalty 1001.

VTL And for the better collection of the duties and monies by this act charged on such licenses for persons being or becoming members of such dub or clubs; be it enacted, That each and every person or persons who shall be employed as the master or mistress, or keeper of any house, where any such club or dubs shah be held or kept as aforesaid, slum be obliged, and they are hereby directed and required, on or before the twenty-fourth day of June which shall be in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and on or before the twenty-fifth day of March in every subsequent year, to give in to the derk or secretary of the of for making a wide and convenient way, street, and passage from Essex-bridge to the castle of Dublin, a foil ana complete list or lists of each and every member who shall upon such day belong to such dub; and in case any other member or members shall be elected of such dub between the Commissioner* may examine

tarsons who evp clubhouses, on oath;

houses liable to duty according to returns, and goods therein may be distrained for arrears.

Such charges not payable until 31st March each year.

day upon which such return shall be made, and the twenty-fifth day of March then next following, such master or mistress shall, in like manner, immediately after such member or members shall be so elected, make alike return to the said derk or secretary, of the name or names of such member or members so elected, as aforesaid, under the penalty of one hundred pounds, for every time such master or mistress shall neglect to make such return or returns as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the said of, or any three or more of them, shall be, and they are hereby empowered to summon any such person who shall be employed as die master or mistress or keeper of any house where such club or clubs shall be held or kept, to attend before the said of, and to examine upon oath such master or mistress or keeper of such house or houses, which oath the said of, or any three or more of them, are hereby empowered to administer, touching the lists and names of such members, and the truth and particulars of such returns as aforesaid; and such return, so made, is hereby declared and enacted to be a charge on such house or houses, for so much of the said duty on such licenses at shall, by such return, appear to be due by the persons being or becoming members of such dub or dubs, according to the intent of this act; and the said of, or any three or more of them, are hereby empowered by warrant, under their hands and seals, to appoint any person or persons to levy the amount of such sum, as by such returns so made, in pursuance of this act, shall appear to be due and payable by the persons being or becoming members of such dub or dubs for such yearly licenses aforesaid, or so much thereof as shall remain due and unpaid, by distress and sale of the goods found in such house or houses.

XIX. Provided always, That such annual charges for such licenses as aforesaid, shall not be deemed payable until

77

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

til the thirty-first day of March, in each and every year>? and provided also, that notice thereof, in writing, be served on such house or houses, ten days at least before such distress be taken.

X. And be it enacted, That in case the of Commissioner* aforesaid shall deem it expedient to examine upon oath, any may summon master, or mistress, or keeper of such house, as aforesaid, h^je"o be*writ shall and may be lawful for the said of, or any amined on oath; three or more of them, to summon, by notice in writing, to

be left at the usual place of abode or habitation of such master, or mistress, or keeper, twenty-four hours at least before the time specified in such summons for such attendance, such master, or mistress, or keeper to attend before the said of and be examined on oath as before enacted; and in case any such person so duly summoned as aforesaid, id. penalty to attend as aforesaid, shall wilfully neglect or refuse to ap- for not attending pear, or else appearing, shall refuse to make oath for disco-" an#werui* very of his or her knowledge concerning the matter in question, or refuse to answer upon oath such question or interrogatories as shall be demanded of him or ner touching the matter in question, such person, for every time he or she shall so offend, shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds.

XI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Application of* for the said of, or any three or more of them, to money hither*^ apply any sum or sums of money which may now remain in Srantt<i* their hands, or which shall hereafter come into their hands,

either of money borrowed or arising from sale of rents, or grounds, or houses of the funds, hitherto granted for the making wide and convenient ways, streets, and passages on the north side of the river Liffey, to the purposes of this act; provided that the said of, or any three or more of them, shall have power to apply to the purposes aforesaid, any debentures which may now remain in their hands, bearing an interest of four per centum per annum, by selling or deposing of the same, at such current price as debent arts bearing a like interest, shall at the time of such sale be valued at, or sold for.

XII. And be it enacted, That all duties granted by this Application of'act, and all funds raised thereby, shall be appropriated by £10IV7 8ranttid the said of, after the payment of the annuities by 1 18 act# and sums herein after mentioned, to open a convenient communication from Carlisle-bridge to the parliament house, and

shall, in the second instance, be appropriated for the purpose of opening a convenient comriiunication from Carhsle-bridge, along the river Liffey, to Whites-lane, on George's-quay, and to no other purpose whatsoever, save only as herein expressed.

xni. Provided always, That the said of shall not be entitled to raise or borrow upon the security of the 9&7d.

said duties or funds a greater sum than the net sum of thir- for purposes

ty eight herein mend'

'* coed.

The thirty 'ninth Year of George III.

Debenture* to

Be given to persons who lend money, on

ty-eight thousand nine hundred and eighty-fire pounds nineteen shillings and seven pence, for the purpose of opening the said communication from Carlisle-bridge to the parliament-house, which said net sum of thirty eight thousand nine hundred and eighty-five pounds nineteen shillings and seven pence, the said of are hereby empowered to raise and borrow by issue of debentures, certificates or otherwise, as is herein after mentioned; be it therefore enacted, That the said of, or any five or more of them, be and are hereby empowered to raise and borrow upon loan by debentures or certificates, the aforesaid last mentioned sum of thirty-eight thousand nine hundred and eighty-five pounds nineteen shillings and seven pence, for the purposes aforesaid.

XIV. And be it enacted, That for every sum not lest than such sum as shall be agreed on by the of

*wu mime on 0^*^ Majesty's treasury, which any person or persons shall tmnsagreed on Pay or lend to the said comissioners according as they shall By lords of nave agreed towards raising the said sum of thirty-eight thou-

tretiury;and nine hundred and eighty-five pounds nineteen shilling* and seven pence, the said of may give to such person or persons a debenture, certificate or receipt for any Sum not exceeding the sum of one hundred pounds, and all such debentures, certificates or receipts shall be numbered in arithmetical progression where the-common excess or diffe-interest payabi# rence shall be one, and that every such debenture or receipt Balt-yearly at for One hundred pounds shall bear an interest of five pounds by the year, to be paid by the said of half yearly, on every twenty-fourth day of June, and twenty-fifth day of December, without any fee, charge or deduction whatsoever, until the whole sum of one hundred pounds shall be paid off at one entire payment, and that the said duties granted by this act shall be subject to the payment of such interest, until the principal money be paid off as aforesaid, and that the person or persons holding the same shall have the like remedies in case of default of payment of such interest as are enacted in respect to the interest payable on debentures heretofore issued by the said of by any of the said recited acts.

XV. And be it enacted, That all and every the fine*, penalties and forfeitures inflicted by this act shall and may be sued for, recovered, and levied in such manner, and by such ways and means, and with such powers and authorities as are prescribed, directed and appointed in and by an act of parliament, made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty Charles the second, entitled. An act for the settling of the excise or new impost upon his Majesty, his heirs and successors, according to the book of rates therein inserted, as fully and effectually to all intents* constructions and purposes, as if the same were particularly

mentioned

S per cent.

-All fine* Ac.

recovered as by 14 & 15 C 2 with like remedy of appeal.

79

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

mentioned, expressed and enacted in this act, with like remedy of* apeal to and for the party and parties who shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said act is provided.

XVl. And whereas the provost, fellows and scholars of Lands and Trinity College, near Dublin, are, by virtue of a fee farm ll^gsJssJ"nt^ grant from the corporation of the city of Dublin, seized and trinity College: possesed of lands, houses and tenements, lying between College-street and Townsend-street, and the river Liffey, containing in the whole about five acres and an half plantation measure, bounded on the west by the estate of the corporation of the said city of Dublin, and on the east by the estates of lord viscount Mountjoy and others, which premises are now in the tenure and occupation of the right re-vemed James Hawkins, doctor of divinity, lord bishop of Baphoe, and his under-tenants, and are situate in the city of Dublin aforesaid; And whereas it would tend much to the passages Should public convenience, that new and convenient passages Should Jf °Pe.ne£ from be opened from Carlisle-bridge to the south side of the city toCone^e-green; as far as College-green and Tow.send-street through the said College is wil-lands: And whereas the said provost, fellows and scholars of to sell: Trinity College are willing to sell and convey all their estate, right, title and interest in and to the said lands, houses and tenements, to the said of and their successors, for and in cosidgration of the ygarly sum of one thousand two hundred pounds sterling, to be secured to them and their successors for ever, in manner herein after mentioned; be it therefore enacted, that the said provost, fellows and, scholars be, and they are hereby empowered for the said Coll mar consideration of one thousand two hundred pounds a year, assigii for WOOL so to be secured, to assign, transfer, and make over the said a year, fee farm grant, and all their right, title and interest in and to the said lands, houses and tenements to the said of and their successors for ever, any law, charter or bye-law to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may Duties may be be lawful for the said of, and they or any five of

them are hereby enabled, in consideration of such convey- thVcoUege. ance as aforesaid, to charge the said duties hereby granted 40

with any annuity of one thousand two hundred pounds a year, to be paid to the said provost, fellows and scholars, and their successors, by two even and equal half-yearly payments on every first day of November in every year, during such time, ana subject to such redemption as is herein after mentioned and provided.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case default Sec. to give*hall be made by the said of in payment of the ^emand^wheii said annuity of one thousand two hundred pounds in manner half a year's aforesaid, the secretary to the said of shall from annuity is untime to time, as often as any half-yearly payment shall be after day of par

behind ment, penalty 6001.

«0

The thirtjf'-nmtk Year of George III.

On receipt of such certificate

behind and unpaid of the said annuity, for the space ot twenty-one days nett after any of the said days of payment, on demand made to him, by or on behalf of the said provost, fellows and scholars, or their successors, give unto the said provost, fellows and scholars, a certificate under his hand, specifying the amount of said annuity so unpaid and due; and if any such secretary shall not on such demand give such certificate as aforesaid, he shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of six hundred pounds, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record in Dublin, by any person who shall sue for the same, with full costs of suit, in which no priviledge, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the lord high trea-at trea» the 8urer>or of of his Majesty's treasury for the time CoK^sKb being, on receipt of such certificate, shall in case the amount paid out of said of said duties then in his or their hand shall be sufficient duties. for that purpose, pay and hand over to the said provost, fel-

lows arid scholars, or to some person authorized by them to receive the same, the amount of the sum so certified to be due to them as aforesaid, and in case there shall not be at such time a sufficiency of said duties in his or their hands to pay off said sum so certified to be due, he or they shall withhold said duties as the 6ame shall be paid in to them, until the same shall amount to the sum so certified to be due, and shall then pay over the same to the said provost, fellows and scholars, or set apart the same for their use, and such payment shall be a good and effectual discharge to the lord nigh treasurer, or the of of his Majesty's treasury, on the part of the said first mentioned of for the amount of the sum so certified.

When part of

XX. And be it further enacted, That when and so often mUedby coml 88 of shall nave demised or let any part

missioners, they or parcel of said lands by lease or leases tQ be thereof mado^manner herein after provided, they or any five of them or, shall by proper and sufficient deeds of conveyance assign, transfer and make over unto the said provost, fellows and scholars, or their successors, all their rignt, title, and interest in, and to the lands so leased, together with the lease or leases thereof, and so from time to time, until the total amount of the rents reserved by said leases so assigned shall amount to the yearly sum of one thousand two hundred pounds.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the College may the said provost, fellows and scholars, and their successors, refuse to take 8|la|} not be compellable to take, but may absolutely refuse tQ take any conveyance or assignment of any of the aforesaid premises, unless upon such lease so made thereof, there shall have been paid to the said of, or their successors.

interest and leases to the College until rents amount to 1*001 a year.

In what cases

conveyances of said premises.

The thirty ninth Year of George III«

«1

tessors, a sum nf money by way of fine, after the rate of fifty pounds at the least, for every ten pounds of yearly relit reserved by such lease, and unless there shall have been expended by the lessee or lessees in such lease, his, her, or their heirs, executors, administrators, assigns or lessees, on the ground so demised by the said of, a sum after the rate of two hundred pounds at the least, for every twenty pounds yearly relit reserved by such lease, and so in proportion for any greater or lesser sum reserved by way of relit on such lease.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the said So much of an-commissioners, or any five of them, shall assign or convey nulty to CoUego any part of the said premises, subject to the provisions afore- Signed said, to the said provost, fellows, and scholars, or their sue- , hall amount to cessors, then and as often as the same shall happen, so much of the said annuity or yearly sum of one thousand two hundred pounds, as the relit or rents of the premises so assigned or c<mveyed shall amount to, shall absolutely cease, determine, and be no longer payable from the half-yearly day' on which such relit or rents did last become due and payable before such conveyance.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That when so much when relit a»-of the said premises shall be so conveyed to the said provost, signed amounts fellows and scholars, as that the rents reserved thereon shall at01200{jie amount in the whole to the full and clear sum of one thou- whole'anmfttf sand two hundred pounds a fear, then and in such case the sh?U cease, payment of the said annuity, or yearly sum of one thousand two hundred pounds, shall altogether cease and determine, and the said duties charged therewith be from thenceforward entirely freed and discharged therefrom.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said provost, college hereby

fellows and scholars, and their successors, be, and they are enabled to hold hereby enabled to take and hold such grant and charge of^ Srantof one thousand two hundred pounds yearly upon the duties 1a year*

aforesaid, when the same shall be granted to them by the said of; and also all conveyances of lands, houses and tenements, which the said of shall make to them

under the provisions of this act, any Statute of mortmain, or any other law, charter, or bye-law to the contrary notwithstanding; and that the same shall be taken and holaen by the said provost, fellows and scholars, and their successors, from the tune the same shall be respectively granted and conveyed, upon the same trusts and to the same uses to which the lands, houses, and tenements herein before mentioned, are now h'olden by them, and to and upon no other uses whatsoever.

XXV. And whereas a treaty is now depending between Treaty depewj-the said of and the said lord bishop or Raphoe, ing between and agreements have been entered into between the said an^KofRa" of and the right honourable Isaac Barre, and the phoe, and agree-representatives of John Hart Cox, who are respectively enti- mentwithR.H. tied to certain derivative interests in said lands, houses and

Vet. Xtt. F'tenements, c«;

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

tenements, for the purchase of said interests respectively, in com. may consideration of annuities to be granted by the said commis-whh?20L a^vear m^i°ners: And whereas it is expedient that the said com-tob. of Raphos; missioners shall have full power to conclude and carry into 15001. irt. hon. effect such agreements as they now have made and entered 38021. ^nto the said several persons, for their respective intern). of John rests in said premises, be it further enacted, That the said

Hart Cox; of, or any five of them be, and they are hereby enabled to charge and encumber said duties with the payment of such annual sum or sums, and such net sum or sums as they have already agreed to give and grant to the said several persons, or any of them, their any of their heirs, executors, administrators and assigns, for and in consideration of the conveyance and assignment of their, or any of their interests respectively in said lands, houses and tenements, provided such annual charge shall not exceed in the whole, to the said Janies Hawkins, lord bishop of Rapboe, the sum of fiveJhundred and twenty-five pounds yearly for the whole of his interest therein, nor to the said Isaac Barre, the net sum'of one thousand five hundered pounds for the whole of his interest therein, nor the said representatives of John Hart Cox, the net sum of three thousand eight hundred and two pounds ten shillings for the whole of their interest therein; phall be^ubject 3X1^iat every charge and incumbrance be, and shall be sub-; to redemption ject to such redemption thereof as either now is, or hereafter agreed upon, shall be agreed upon by the said of, or any five din*cas^of" af*d said persons respectively, or any of them, their

non-payment, as or any of their representatives; and the like remedies shall are provided for extend to every such annual charge in case of non-payment t q College. thereof, as are herein before enacted in respect to the present charge to the provost, fellow's and scholars of Trinity Col--.lege.

gro^no^to be XXTT. And whereas part of the said ground belonging to set for 7 years, the said provost, fellows and scholars of Trinity College, may except for gub- hereafter be required for certain public purposes, be it en-lic purposes. acted, That when the said of shall have purchased the said grounds, and that the same shall be vested in them, they shall not alienate, dispose of, set or sell such part of the said grounds as lies between Foolbeg-street am; Townshend-street, and are bounded on the west by Ilaw-kin's-street, for the full term of seven years from the passing of tjiis act, save and except for such public purposes. Publicity of in-

XXVII. And whereas it was publickly known on the first tarHsle-bridge, day ^ay>n the year one thousand seven hundred and $cc.*ninety, that a bridge across the river Liffey, since built and

called Carlisle bridge, was then intended to be erected, and that a new street or streets would be opened from thence to College-green and Townshend-street, and that said commissioners for such purpose would be obliged to purchase, and would accordingly purchase the several subsisting interests in such parts of said premises as Should be necessary to carry

said

85

The thirty ninth Year of George III.

said intentions into effect: And whereas all purchases made purchases were of any part of said premises, or of any interest therein since pended sfnce*" the first day of May aforesaid, have been made, and also all 1st May, 1790, monies expended on any part of said premises, have been ex- after fuU notice; pended by all persons making said purchases or expending said monies, with full notice of the several matters aforesaid:

Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all valuations what shall b« hereafter to be made by any jury or juries impannelled and ascertained by returned pursuant to the provisions in certain former acts of l^annelled^S parliament, passed in the thirty-first and thirty-third years of ascertain value the reign of his late majesty, King George the second, or of said lands and any other acts of any derivative Tease or interest of any teMmem*> part or parcel of said lands, houses, and tenements purchased or obtained since the said first day of May in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety, the jury or , juries so to be impannelled shall in the first place inquire into, and ascertain the amount of the sum or suras bonajide given and paid for the purchase of such lease or interest, and also the amount of such sum or sums of money (if any) as have been bonajide laid out and expended in valuable and lasting improvements on the ground contained therein, and shall not in any such case present as the value of any such derivative lease or interest, a greater sum than the amount of such purchase money, and of the monies (ifany) expended in manner aforesaid, together with the difference between legal interest thereon and the rents and profits which they were entitled to receive, or which they might reasonably have made thereof, from the several times such monies were paid or expended respectively: provided nevertheless, That the interest^ a810 of the several tenants holding any of the aforesaid grounds, leases under the houses, or tenements, by virtue of leases under the bishop bishop of Ra-of Raphoe, and containing toties quoties covenants of renewal, phpe* shall be submitted within twelve months from and after the passing of this act to the valuation of a jury, who shall and may value the same as if this act had not been made, nor any purchase or agreement made pr entered info by and between the said of of wide streets and the college* or the said bish<m of Raphoe, and that the said of shall purchase the said several interests, at the rates to be ascertained by such jury* or as shall otherwise be agreed upon.

XXVIII. Provided always, That it shall and may be Jaw- Annuities may ful to and for the said of, in lieu of the said sums granted in so to be ascertained, as aforesaid, to grant annuities to the 8ai several persons entitled to the same, chargeable on the said duties, at a like rate, and under the same conditions, and subject to the like remedies as is before provided with respect to die interests of the said college, or of the said bishop of Raphoe.

F2 XXIX. And

64 The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

A public act-

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this present act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a public act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, aid all other persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the sdme.

CHAP. LV,

An Act to promote the Building of New Gaols.

[Preamble.]

Whereas doubts have arisen what sums grand juries are So^as relates empowered by law to present for the building new gaols, be to building of*it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and Gaols repealed with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and tem-€*108*poral, commons in this present parliament assembled,

g. juries may That from and after the passing of this act it shall and may present looool be lawful to and for all grand juries at each and every assizes, ?te^i5wC> to present any sum or sums of money not exceeding one gaols, toaSp thousand pounds at each assizes, for the purpose of building two or more new gaols: Provided always, such sum or sums of 'money tobe account- shall be so presented by them, to any two or more persons, ed so^omoath- for the purpose of building such new gaol only; and provided also, that such money so presented, shall be accounted for upon oath, before some subsequent grand jury, as alt other money raised by presentment, any law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

Money hereto-

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ?r\und2ited w*iere any money has been already presented by any grand gaols, and un- jury for ^ie purpose of building a new gaol, and remains at applied, shall be present Unapplied, such money shall be applied solely to the themoPP^ed building such new gaol, for which such grand jury shall have ere °* presented the same, and to no other purpose whatsoever,

and shall be accounted for upon oath before some subsequent grand jury, as all other money raised by presentment, any i law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

Doubts where

III. And whereas doubts nave arisen where the gaols of a gaols of counties county, and county of a city, have been hitherto united " and joined, and where new gaols are necessary to be built been united; for each, whether their respective grand juries can present money to carry on the building of their respective gaols separately, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this act, grand juries for counties, and counties of cities, are hereby empowered and authorized to present such sums as they shall thiqk proper, provided grand juries they shall not exceed one thousand pounds at each assizes,

their1respwtfve ^or building of their respective parts of said goals sepa-gapl«, not ex-V r&tely, mi the part of such gaol so built by money raised

by The thirty-ninth Year George III.

85

by presentment on such county shall be deemed to belong ceeding 10001. to such county alone, and shall from thenceforth for ever S615

hereafter be adjudged) deemed, and taken to be part of said counties or y county, and such part of such gaol so built by money raised cities shall be-by presentment On such county of a city, shall be deemed to t*xexa belong to such city alone, and shall from thenceforth for '*ever thereafter be adjudged, deemed and taken to be part of such city, any law, custom, usage, or charter to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in all cities, the 21, 22 G. 3. chief and other magistrates shall be competent to open and to adjourn all sessions of the peace in the absence of the chief niagis-recorder of such city, and also to swear grand and market trates in cities juries, but that no trial shall be proceeded upon except in open "« the presence of the recorder or his sufficient deputy, seeing a barrister of six years standing, who shall be empowered by ket juries; but this act to preside at all such sessions or adjournments of the no trial shall go same, though the chief or other magistrates Should not be*rccor era t

able to attend the same.

hit deputy.

CHAP.

Gc. 5k

The thirty ninth Year of George III*'

86

CHAP. LVI.

An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Thirty -fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Entitled, An Act for more effectually preserving the Peace within the City of Dublin, and the District of the Metropolis, and establishing a Parochial Watch in the said City; and also to amend one other Act passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, Entitled, An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of Hie present Majesty, Entitled, An Act for more effectually preserving the Peace within the City of Dublin, and the District of the Metropolis, and establishing a Parochial Watch in the said City, and for remedying the Abuses committed by Pawnbrokers within the District of the Metropolis, or three Miles thereof

Whereas some further provisions are necessary to render more effectual an act passed in the thirty-fifth year of the It h necessary reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for more ef-e Tedwatch feciua^M preserving the peace within the city of Dublin, and acts of 3^ G. s. the district of the metropolis, and establishing a parochial c, 36. & 36 G. watch in the said city; and also to render more effectual one s. c. 30. other act, passed in the thirty-sixth year of his Majesty, Amended by entitled, An Act to explain and amend an act passed in the Md both re?2' thirty fifth year °fthe rei ofpresent Majesty, entitled, pealed, so far as An act for more effectually preserving the peace within the relates to the city of Dublin, and the district of the metropolis, and estab-bhshmentta" linking a parochial watch in the said city, and for remedying 48 G. 3. c* 140, the abuses committed by pawnbrokers within the district of the provisions for metropolis, or three miles thereof \ And whereas it hath been stablishing and found that the powers and provisions contained in the said recited acts for establishing, ordering, and maintaining a sufficient watch in the city of Dublin, and in the several liberties within the said city, and the district of the metropolis, are not sufficient for the purposes thereby intended, and it will tend much to the preservation of the peace and good order within the district aforesaid, if the appointment and direction of the nightly watch were put under the care and management of the superintendant magistrate for the district of the metropolis; therefore, be it enacted, That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand uvasuiw seven hundred and ninety-nine, all and every the powers church wardens, and authorities, by the said recited acts vested in the lord &c. relative to mayor, the city treasurer, the church-wardens and directors, b^vddstanding committee, their secretary, collectors and clerks, 24 June* 1799- and of every watch constable, sub constable, and watchman, finder and by virtue thereof, so far as they relate to or concern

oraemig uie watch are not enffitient;

Jowers vested y said acts, in lord mayor

The Thirty-ninth Year of George III.

87

cem the establishing, ordering, regulating and maintaining a watch within the city of Dublin, and the several liberties within the said city and the district of the metropolis, shall be null and void to all intents and purposes.

II. And be it enacted, That from thenceforth all houses All watch-

which were formerly parish watch-houses, and which at the houses, fumi-time of passing of this act are vested in the church-wardens a^earso?8* and directors of the respective parishes, or any committee of taxes, &c. &c. them, and all estate and interest which every such parish, shall be ve9te<* precinct or liberty, and every person and persons in trust for ant magistrate; any such parish, precinct or liberty, have in any watch-house9

for the accommodation of the nightly watch, and all furniture, clothing, lanthems, appointments, books of account, arrears

of rates and taxes, ana all balances and 'sums of money in.- the hands, custody or power of the church-wardens and directors of the respective parishes, or in the hands, custody or power of any committee of them appointed, under and by virtue of the said acts or either of them, or of the city treasurer, or the collectors of the watch-tax, secretary to the standing committee, clerks or any of them, or of any officer, clerk or servant appointed by them or any of them, or at all appointed, employed or entrusted, respecting the watch, under, by virtue of, or under colour of said acts of parliament or either of them, shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the said superintendant magistrate, according to the several interests which the several persons before mentioned 'respectively had or claimed, or pretended to have in the same or any part thereof, for the purposes of this act, and during the continuance thereof and no longer; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said superintendant ftiagis- superintendant trate to erect or provide such number of watch-houses as he magistrate may shall think necessary for the accommodation of the watchmen lo^seewtere to be appointed in pursuance of this act, in such places as he thinks fit. he shall think fit and most convenient.

III. Whereas by the first recited act the superintendant Appointment magistrate of the district is directed to retain ar employ such ofhigh consta-number of fit and able men as shall be. necessary, furnished officers Erected with proper arms and accoutrements to act as ministerial of- by 53 G. 3. c ficers of the peace within the district aforesaid, for better se. s. is. preventing the commission of offences as well by night as by

day, that is to say, not more than twenty-five men and one chief officer to do duty in' each division of the district, making altogether fifty peace-officers and two chief peace-officers; and the superintendant magistrate is also thereby directed to appoirit one chief peace-officer, to be'called high constable of the district, such high constable to be appninted with the approbation of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors for the time being: And whereas it is expedient to reduce the number of peace officers so to be appointed to forty-eight, and to add two additional chief

peace

2

tke lord lieot. taav appoint one high and fbur chief constables and one or more peace officers, not exceeding 48, who shall have same pow* ers as those before appointed, on taking the oath directed;

superintendant magistrate may appoint 90 constables, with approbation of lord lieut.

duty of constables;

sup* magis. to appoint six persons to attend his and the div. justices* offices

petty constable to obey superiors.

Oath to be taken by high constable, chief peace officers, petty watch and office constables* on entering into office.

Oath.

The thirty ninth Year of George III.

peace officers to the chiefpeace officers so directed to be appointed; be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors for the time being, from and immediately after the passing of this act, to appoint one high constable, four chief constables, and one or more peace-officers, not exceeding in the whole the uumber of forty-eight, in the lieu, ana instead of the high constable, chief constable, and the peace-officers heretofore appointed under the provisions of the said recited acts, or any of them, who from and after the time of their appointments respectively, shall be, and are hereby respectively armed with all such powers and authorities as were under and by virtue of the said recited acts, or either of them, or by virtue of any other act or acts of parliament already made, vested in the high constable of the district of the metropolis, chief peace officer, or peace-officers, and on his or their taking the oath of office directed by this act to be taken; and the said superintendant magistrate for the time being, shall in like manner retain and employ thirty proper persons to act as constables of the watch within the said district, by and with the approbation of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of the kingdom for the time being, which constable shall nightly attend at the watch-houses where they shall be directed to attend, and see that the several watchmen under their care diligently and faithfully attend their duty; that they are properly armed and accoutred, and that they observe such rules and directions as the said superintendant magistrate shall, from time to time give for the performance of their duty; and the said superintendant magistrate and divisional justices respectively $ and all and every constable, watch-constable, and office-constable so appointed, shall obey such lawful directions as they shall from time to time receive from the respective su-permtenant magistrates, divisional justices, chief peace-officers, or high constable for the due execution of the laws, and of the power and authority given by the said recited acts, or by any other act or acts of parliament heretofore made, or hereafter to be made to the said magistrates, or any of them,

IV. And be it enacted, That the said high constable, chief peace-officers, petty constables, watch constables* and office constables appointed, and to be appointed, or who shall at any time hereafter be appointed in pursuance of this act, shall before they enter on the duties or such offices take and subscribe the following oath before the superintendant magistrate of the district for the time being:

I A.B. do swear, that I will well and truly serve our sovereign lord King George the third, in the office of

that I will see and cause his Majesty3s

pea ce

The thirty-ninth Year of Geore III*

peace io he 'well and truly kept and preserved according to my power; that I will do my endeavours, that the watches in my»division be duly and regularly kept, without favour or affection, malice or evil will, according to law; and that the Statutes made for punishing rogues, disturbers of the peace, vagabonds, and night-walkers, and such other idle persons coming within

my bounds and limits, be duly put into execution; that I will have a watchful eye to such persons as shall maintain or keep any common house or place where any unlawful game is or shall be used; as also to such as shall frequent or use such places, or who shall exercise any unlawful games contrary to the law and Statutes of this kingdom; that I will well and duly execute all precepts ana warrants to me directed from the justices of the peace of the district of the me-tropolis, according to law; and that I will well and truly, according to my power, knowledge, and ability, do and execute all other things belonging to the office of

so long as I shall continue therein; and I will well and truly account for, and pay all such public money as 1 shall collect, levy, or raise within my district, pursuant to any wartant or precept to me directed, pursuant to my duty.

Sq help me God.

And all and every high-constable, chief peace officer, petty* constable, watch-constable, and office-constable, appointed pototed in pursuance of this act, who shall have taken and sub-sworn shall have scribed the s^id oath, and whose name shall be entered by fall powers, '&c* the said supermtendant magistrate for the time being, in a tofore^rhere- book or books to be kept for that purpose^ shall be adjudg- after made; ed, deemed, and taken to all intents and purposes to be a constable; and shall within the said district, have and enjoy all such authority and power, and all such benefit* privilege, and advantage, as any constable duly and lawfully appointed, now has, or hereafter may hate by virtue or any law nr custom, or of any act or acts heretofore made, or hereafter to be made, or by virtue of, this present act, or otherwise; and that a certificate of such entry under the sup. magistrate's hand and seal of such superintendant magistrate, shall be suf- certificate shall ficient evidence in all cases whatsoever that such person or app^Jent?f persons is or are nominated and appointed to do duty as high-constable, chief peace-officer, petty-constable, watch-constable, or office-constable.

NV. And be it enacted, That the said high-constable of High con8t4^le the district, so spon as conveniently may be, and from time mayemploysuck to time as there shall be occasion, shall retain and employ watchmen as such number of fit and able men, not exceeding five nun- not dred, as shall be necessary to be nightly watchmen within ceeding 500, to the said district, as he shall think fit, for the better pre-be j^med 518 8U* serration of the lives and property of the inhabitants, and for

9P

The Thirty-ninth Year of George III.

for the more speedy apprehending of offenders against the peace, and other disorderly persons, such watchmen to be armed, accoutred, and provided in such manner as the said -w superintendant magistrate shall think proper.

High constable

VI. And be it enacted, That the said high-constable, chief em peace-officers, petty-constables, watch-constables, office-

reefed by sup. " constables, and watchmen in each division respectively, shall magistrate. from time to time, and all times be employed within the said district, in the preservation of the peace, and apprehending of offenders, in such manner as shall be judged most expedient, and directed by the said superintendant magistrate.

Sup. magistrate

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be for reg^atine68 ^or superintendant magistrate from time to time,

the duty of high to make rules and orders for regulating the duty of the said constable and high-constable, chief peace-officers, petty-constables, watch-probation^f ap- constables, office-constables, and watchmen, and for "pre-lard lieutenant; scribing the duty and service to be performed by them respectively, as the said superintendant magistrate shall think proper; such rules and orders to be approved of by the lord lieutenant, or general governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being; and such petty-constables, watch-con-penahy on petty stables, office constables, and watchmen, shall obey all such ubles and°n- lawful rules and orders, and observe such subordination, and watchmen for be subject to such authority of any officer acting under this disobedience of act, as the said superintendant magistrate shall prescribe in fd€r* that behalf; and it any of the said petty-constables, watch-

constables, office-constables, and watchmen, shall neglect or refuse to obey as aforesaid, he and they shall be subject and liable to such penalty, not exceeding forty shillings, or such, imprisonment in the common gaol, not exceeding one month, as the said superintendant magistrate, or the said divisional justices respectively, after due examination and proof upon oath of one or more credible witness, or witnesses, or the confession of the party, shall impose and direct, or to be dismissed from their office.

Arrears of

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all rates and as-

taxes due may sessments which have been already made by the church war-be collected by dens, under and by virtue of the said recited acts, or either ed^y^up?magi9- of them, and which shall remain due and in arrear at the trate, who shall time of passing this act, shall and may be collected by col-have full powers, lectors, to be appointed by the said superintendant magis-c trate, by instrument under his hand and seal; which collectors,

so appointed, are hereby armed. with all power and authority for collecting, receiving, and levying all such rates and assessments, and arrears thereof, as collectors of the watch rates and assessments were authorized, and armed with, under.

Gt>ogIe

91

The thirty ninth Year of George III.

8er, and by virtue of the said recited acts, or either of them* for receiving collecting, and levying the saifie.

IX. And be it enacted, That the several and respective An of

officers within the district of the metropolis, who shall iiave mom y. books been in any respect employed in the management of the

watch therein, 'or of the funds applicable to the support thereof shall immediately after the passing of this act, or in trite, after such time after as the superintendant magistrate shall by^nytice in Dublin notice in the Dublin Gazette appoint for that purpose, ue- ^xcttV| liver to the said superintendant magistrate, or to such officer or officers as he shall appoint, all such balances of money, books of accounts books of assessment or collection, arms, accoutrements, lanterns, and watch coats, as shall be then in use, and in such parish, precinct, or liberties respectively; and if any person hereby required to deliver such balances of money, books of account, books of assessment or collection, arms, accoutrements, lanterns, and watch coats iu his possession, shall not so deliver the same as aforesaid, or who shall or may make a false or unjust return or delivery thereof, every such person shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds sterling, the 6ame to be recovered by information and conviction before any justice of the peace, upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or by confession of the party, and to be applied in aid of the funds for the maintenance of die watch.

X. Be it further enacted, That the superintendant ma- Sl1p gistrate of the district of the metropolis for the time being, may raise and shall be, and he is hereby a^/.horized from time to time, to , cvyanie rater raise and levy the like rates and assessments on all houses Jensc^m^ulef within the district of the metropolis, and all odier places ad- e8id acts and jacent thereto, as the church-wardens of the respective pa- collectors ap-rishes were by the second of the said recited acts authorized fha^huv^iilT and empowered to assess, raise, collect, and levy; and that powers;

the collector or collectors to be apointed by him, by instrument under his band and seal, from time to time, shall have the like powers and authorities as collectors that have been heretofore appointed, under and by virtue of the said recited acts intended to be by this act amended, or either of them heretofore had; provided that the said superintendant ma- sup. magistrate gistrate shall from time to time be accountable for all such stuns as the collectors appointed by him from time to time ca deduct ins sbalL collect and levy, first deducting thereout nine pence in 9d ptr pound, the pound for all sums collected by any collector appointed by him.

XI. And be it enacted, That for the better valuation and How valuation# ascertaining of rents of houses within the district of the me- for mimstt r' tropolis, and other places, in the Second of the said recited IS^whirt* acts mentioned, where no valuation for minister's money m>neiav«iaktai shall have taken place, at the time of.any assesment to be

made by him in pusuanpe of this and said former acts, that

it

M

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

it shall and may be lawful for the superintendant magistrate, by instrument under his hand and seal, to appoint three respectable inhabitants, being house-holders and builders, whom he shall think fit to make, and ascertain a va- luation of such houses, which valuation of such houses shall be returned to the superintendant magistrate, with an affida-tors? yv ua- vit of the valuators thereto annexed, made before a justice of the peace, purporting, that such valuation was made by them to the best of their skill and judgement, without par-

s tiality or favour to any person or persons concerned or interested therein, and that in making the same, consideration was had to a fair and reasonable relit, according to the mode h?lu^OIW U8Ua^y pursued in valuing houses for minister's money, which for purpo^of* valuation so made, shall, for the purposes of this and the this act and said former acts only, and for no other purpose, be deemed farmeracu only* evidence of the relit of such houses; and the houses so valued shall be subject to pay the like rates and assesments, according to their valuation, as houses of like value are subjected to by the second of said recited acts, with all remedies for the superintendant magistrate, from time to time to asses the same for the maintenance of the watch, and for the collectors appointed by him to collect and levy the same, as in said recited acts, are contained, for receiving, levying, and collecting agreeable to the value of houses in said last recited act mentioned.

XII. Provided always, That so soon as any valuation shall be made of said houses, under the laws now or hereafter to be in being, for regulating the said minister's money, the said valuation shall be the accepted valuation thereof.

XIII. And be it enacted, That every victualler or person

selling, or licensed to sell beer, ale, or spirituous liquors, in

wh°se dwelling-house or other place, any journeyman, ap-

vants, labourers, prentice, soldier, servant, labourer, artificer, watchman, or

artificers, watch- pergon Of the female sex, shall by the said superintendant men or females, r. , ^, r -

are found drink- magistrate, or by any divisional justice, or by any chief

ing or gaming peace officer or petty constable, watch constable, or office af night forfeit constable, appointed by the said superintendant magistrate, 'be found drinking, tipling, or gaming after eleven o'clock at night, whether all or any of said persons be, or be not a lodger or lodgers, inmate or inmates, in such house or place, shall upon the view of the said superintendant magistrate, or of ally such divisional justice, or on confession of the party, or upon due examination and proof thereof made by one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any justice of the peace, forfeit the sum of two pounds for the first offence, to be levied out of the goods of such offender, by warrant under the hand and seal of such superintendant magistrate, or of such divisional or other justice as the case may be; and if a second time so convicted of the like offence, his Or her bond, entered into at the time of obtaining mb license or

license?

Valuations to made shall be the accepted valuations.

Publications iff whose houses

for second offence, forfeit bonds entered

strata

new

The tfurtyninth Year of George III..93

censes as aforesaid shall be forfeited; and if a third time so Md for convicted of the like offence, such license or licenses shall cen^forfelt U" be thereupon null and void, and that it shall not be neces- sary, in order to warrant any such conviction, that the person or persons so found drinking, tipling, or gaming, be previously, or at all convicted thereof.

XIV. Provided always, That nothing in this act men- Not to repeal tioned shall extend, or be construed to extend to repeal, or clauses in sso. make void any clause or clauses in the said first recited act, ^er^sIMiD< for the punishment of any journeyman, apprentice, servant, herein.

or labourer, found drinking, tipling, or gaming, at; unseasonable hours, by such persons as therein mentioned, or of any victualler or person selling, or licensed to sell beer, ale, or spirituous liquors, in whose dwelling-house or other plaee, any such journeyman, apprentice, servant, or labourer, shall be so found.

XV. And be it enacted, That the said superintendent ma- g

gistrate shall, from time to time, and so often as it shall be to visit the_

necessary and proper, visit and inspect his Majesty's new gaol of Kilmain-gaol at Kilmainham, in the same manner as by the first here- [Estate1 &c°n m recited act he was directed to visit and inspect the old tolord lieut.' gaol there, and that he shall as often as it shall appear ex- King's bench, pedient, make a true report to the lord lieutenant, or other

chief governor or governors of this kingdom, for the time 0 P being, and to the judges of his Majesty's court of King's bench, and also to the two houses of parliament, of the'state and condition thereof, with his observations and remarks thereupon.

XVI. And whereas by a clause in the said second recited Certain parts act, certain parts therein named of Saint Peter's parish, ly- Road

ing between the Circular Road and Grand Canal, were in- and G. Cana! eluded within the district, in consequence of a petition from were included the inhabitants to parliament, and have since received the toPeterPariA; benefits of the said recited acts, and been subject to the taxes imposed by the same: And whereas there are other ot^er part5 parts of the said parish lying between the said Circular Road receive protcc-and the Grand Canal, whose inhabitants do also receive an tien>and do equal protection from the watch establishment, but by reason* assessments, of the omission of the names of said places in said recited acts, the inhabitants evade paying the assesment: Be it parts of St. Peter, therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the inha- ?^s5.h?c[n11 bitants of Gorden's-lane, tPeter's-place, and such other parts p^Ses as if of the said parish as lie between the Circular Road and within Circular Grand Canal, shall be considered as part of the district of Road. the metropolis, for the purposes of this and the said recited acts, and that the inhabitants therein residing shall, from time to time, pay all such taxes, rates, and assessments, as now are, or shall be hereafter imposed upon householders inhabiting the parish of Saint Peter, within the said Circular Road, the same to be levied, recovered, applied, and accounted

M The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

counted for in the same manner, to all intents and pus* poses, as other house rates under tins and the said reciteq act.

Collector* may

XVII. And be it enacted, That where any rate hereby, re*not*paid^n*or by the said former acts, or either of them, directed to be second demand, collected, shall not be paid on the second demand made at and distress sold the house subject to the payment thereof, it shall be lawful 10 ys after. for the conectors to be appointed by the superintendant magistrate, in pursuance of this act, to distrain the gpods in such house, and to sell the same if the said rate be not paid within ten days after distress made; and if any person shall replevy the goods so distrained, it shall he sufficient in law for the collector to justify the taking, in the form following, or to that'effect:

From ajustifi- " Because the said A.B. was at the time when (and so forth) -tionjincase a collector of the rate jbr the watch of the matropolis, and that replevin. sum of was the sum assessed

to he levied out of the house in which (and so forth) for the support of the watchy in the city of Dublin, for the year ending

and at the same hath been twice demanded, was not paid, but was due at the time when, (and so forth) "

Certificate of sup. magistrate shall be conclusive evidence.

Collectors &c. once dismissed, shall never serve again.

Publicans shall rot be constables.

What shall be the condition of the recognizance enterea into by the sup. magistrate.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That a certificate signed by the superintendant magistrate of the district, that the person so justifying, was at the time of taking such distress such collector, and that such sum was assessesd on such house as the rate to be paid towards the maintenance of the watch of the metropolis, shall be admitted as conclusive evidence of the said facts.

XIX. And be it enacted, That any collector, or other officer of the said watch establishment, who shall have been once dismissed or discharged for misconduct, shall for ever after be Incapable of serving in any of the said offices.

XX. And be it enacted, That no person selling malt or spirituous liquors, shall be elegible to the office of petty-constable, watch-constable, or office constable.

XXI. And be it enacted, That the condition of the recognizance acknowledged by the present superintendant ma? gistrate, under the said second recited act, on his appointment of the said office, shall extend, and be deemed, construct and considered, to all intents and purposes, to pxtend to his duly accounting fop, and paying all such monies os shall remain in his hands, arising from a]i and singular the taxes, fines, penalties, and forfeitures directed, or to be directed by this or any other act of parliament, tp, be raised, collected, and levied by the superintendant magistrate of the district of the metropolis5 and that the recognizance to b*e

acknowledge

95

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

acknowledged by every future superintendant magistrate, under the said second recited act, shall, instead of being conditioned as in the said act mentioned, be conditioned that he will, from time to time, and as required by any act or acts of parliament in force, duly account for, and pay all such monies as shall remain in his hands, arising from all and singular the taxes, fines, penalties, and forfeitures directed or to be directed by any act or acts in force, to be raised, collected, and levied by the superintendant magistrate of the district of the metropolis.

XXII. And be it enacted, That, the of of ac- Commissioner*

ill i i^> j i «OI SCCOUDtS tO

counts shall, every halt year, examine and audit the ac audit sup. ma-eounts of the* superintendant magistrate of the said dis- gistrate's ac-trict.'c°iy half'

XXIII. And be it enacted, That in all cases of complaints

or informations under this or the said recited acts, or either Informers or of them, for any offence for which any fine or pecuniary pe- ^competent* naity is to be imposed by virtue of said acts, or any or either witness, of them, the informer or prosecutor shall be admitted a competent witness to prove the offence.

XXIV. And whereas some doubts have arisen touching 37 G- 2. S*. 2. the construction of an act passed in the thirty-seventh year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled An Act for amending and reducing intq one act of parliament9 the lam relating to hackney ana other carriages plying in the city of Dublin, its suburbs and liberties, ana within seven miles thereof whether superintendant magistrate for the district of the metropolis has power and authority by the said act to license persons who shall own, keep, or drive any cart, car, dray or other carriage, belonging to any merchant, trader, manufacturer, or artificer; be it therefore further enacted by the authority gup# magistrate*aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, may license cars, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, the superin- ^ayt8» &c* &c-tendant magistrate aforesaid shall have full power and autho* merchants^ rity, and he is hereby empowered and required, from time to traders, fee-time, and at all times, to license all persons who shall own, keep, or drive any waggon, wain, cart, car, dray, or other carriage, belonging to any merchant, trader, manufacturer'artificer, and employed within the said city, it suburbs, or liberties, or within three miles thereof, by such persons in such their trades or occupations, or in the carriage of any matter or thing sold, used or employed, or that is usually carried, sold, used, or employed in such their respective trades or occupations, and also to license all persons who shall own, keep, or drive any waggon, wain, dray, cart, 'car, and waggon*, or other carnage belonging to any* person and employed cars, &c. bejong-within the said city, its suburbs, or liberties, or within three JelFersCof gpodiT miles thereof, in the carriage of any matter or thing sold to carried by them, any person deriving pecuniary profit from the sale or pur- subject to fin*, pha«e thereof, qr belonging to any such person: and every r*nt8> c*

person

Waggons, cars, &c. belonging to builders, lime-burners* scavengers, &c. &. within three miles of the city, shall be liable to fines for licenses, fcc.

nottoextendjto carriages bringing hay, corn, vegetables, trees, &c.

Justices to sign convictions, which shall be in following form;

form of'conviction.

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

person who shall own, keep, or drive any waggon, wain, car, cart, dray, or other carriage, belonging to any such merchant, trader, manufacturer, artificer, or other person, and so employed as aforesaid, is hereby declared to be subject to the same fines and annual relit, and to be liable to the like penalties for not obtaining such license as by said recited act are directed to be paid, reserved, and levied from all such persons as are particularly described and enumerated in the said recited act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, every waggon, wain, cart, car, dray, or other carriage belonging to any brewer, builder, architect, carpenter, stone-cutter, brick-layer, lime-burner, plaisterer, sca-vanger, nursery-man, seeds-man, factor, person dealing on commission, merchant, trader, manufacturer, or artificer, and employed by any of them within said city, its suburbs, or liberties, or within three miles thereof, in the carriage of any matter or thing whatsoever, which any of such persons shall have on commission or shall have sold, whether such be the materials or produce of their respective trades or occupations or not, shall be deemed liable to the fines for license, and to the annual relit by said recited act directed to be paid, and shall bear such like mark of distinction expressing the number of such cart, car, dray, or carriage, as by said act is directed, and shall be subject to the like penalties for not obtaining such license and for not having such mark; and recoverable in the like manner as by said recited act are imposed' and directed to be recovered; provided that nothing herein shall extend to subject any carriage to a license on account of its being employed in bringing hay, straw, corn, vegetables, or potatoes, or nursery men's carts drawing trees to or from town, or manure from town to market.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That in every case where any person shall be convicted of any offence against this act or any of the acts herein before recited, by any justice of the peace, such conviction shall be signed by such justice or other person or persons empowered by law to make the same, and shall be in the following form of words, or any other fbrm of words to the same effect, according to the nature of the case, that is to say,

County of A.B.

in the County of is convicted on his own confession, or on the oath or oaths of

{as the case may he)

of having (here describe the offence) given under my hand and seal, this day of

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

97

XXVII. And be it enacted, That it shall be the duty of the High constable said high constable to muster and to pay the peace officers, and watchSien* watch constables and watchmen, and the superintendant magis- weekly; trate shall weekly out of the monies which shall come into his

hands, pay to the said high constable sufficient sums to defray the weekly pay of the said peace officers, watch constables and watchmen, and that the lord mayor for the time being, lord mayor may shall have a power at all times to muster and review the said watch' watch and the said superintendant magistrate and high con-9stable shall, from time to time, and so often as they shall re- fVP-ma8-^spectively be required, make reports and returns to the chief secretary to the lord lieutenant for the time being. to chief sec.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That no fines which may be Reduction and imposed under, and by virtue of the said recited act, or un- application of der this present act, shall be reduced more than one-half and fees' one-fifth of all fines shall go to the chief peace officer of the

division in which such fine shall be levied, and the remaining part thereof to be paid to the informer.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That if any chief peace officer or Punishment on watch constable shall take any money, gratuity or reward for v^ce officers or not giving information of any matter or thing done contrary to Stog^bribes the provisions of the said recited act, or for liberating any person confined on any charge, such chief peace officer, peace officer or watch constable shall be dismissed from his said office or offices respectively, on proof upon oath made before the superintendant magistrate, or on anyindictment to be tried in* the city of Dublin, before the recorder of the said city of Dublin, such person or persons shall be fined and imprisoned in such '

manner as the court shall direct; and if any watchman shall take any money, gratuity or reward for liberating any per- watchmen son connned on any charge, that then, and in such case, such taking bribe, watchman shall be forthwith dismissed, and upon proof made of such misconduct, he being found guilty thereof on any indictment to be tried in the city of Dublin, before the recorder of the said, city of Dublin, such persoji or persons shall be whipped, fined and imprisoned in such manner as the court shall direct.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the superintendant magistrate shall, from time to time, pay all such sum and gUp magistrate sums of money as he shall from time to time receive, when to lodge money the same shall amount to the sum of one hundred pounds Irelan<* sterling, in the bank of Ireland, the same from time to time^jog}. amoun*to be applied in manner herein before mentioned.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That if any action, suit or information, shall be commenced or prosecuted against any gujts fof mat> person or persons for any matter or thing, which he or they ters done under shall do in pursuance, or by virtue or execution of this act, this act shall the same shall be commenced within three months next after the alleged cause of Action or information shall accrue, and tftercau§e;

Vol. Xlt G t1*

4?

treble costs to def. if plaintiff be non-suited,

&c.

Distress not

The Thirty-ninth Year of George III.

def. may plead the defendant or defendants in such action may plead the the general issue; «enenj issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence against the plaintiff, upon any trial to be had thereupon; and if the plaintiff or prosecutor shall become nonsuit, or suffer discontinuance, or if a verdict pass against the plaintiff or prosecutor, or judgement pass against him, the defendant or defendants shall recover treble cost against such plaintiff or prosecutor, for which there shall be like remedy, as in any case where costs by law are given to defendants.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That where any distress shall deemed unlaw- be made, or any person apprehended for any fine or forfeiture formTbutter- ind*ctecl for any offence against this act, the taking of such sons rggrieved distress, or of such person, shall not be deemed unlawful, may recover nor the party or parties taking the same be deemed a tres-pecial damages, p^ggr or trespassers on account of any default or want of form in the warrant or warrants, or any proceeding relating thereto, nor be deemed a trespasser or trespassers, ah initio, on account of any irregularity which shall be afterwards done, committed or permitted, by the party executing such warrant, but the person or persons aggrieved by such irregularity may recover satisfaction for the special damage only, by action on the case.

Plaintiffs shall

XXXIII. Provided always, That no plaintiff or plaintiffs not recover if shall recover in any action for such irregularity, trespass or sufficient amends other proceedings, if tender of sufficient amends shall be were en er, ma(je or on behalf of the defendant or defendants, before such action brought; and in case no such tender shall have defendants may been made, it shall and may be lawful for the' defendant or

pay into court defendants in any such action, if he or they shall think fit, at before issue is., /.. j \^J^-

joined. any tirae before issue joined, to pay into court such sum oi

money as he or they shall see fit; whereupon such proceedings or order and judgment shall be made and given in and by such court, as in other actions where the defendant is allowed to pay mone^ into court.

By 23 3c 24 G. s. XXXIV. Whereas by an act of parliament passed in the c* 54- s*!3* 6 G. l. twenty third and twenty-fourth years of his present Majesty's lights, wasFect" reign, an act passed in the sixth year of the reign of his late amended for 21 Majesty George the first, entitled. An Act for erecting and years, from 1st continuing lights in the city of Dublin, and the several liber- ties adjoining, and also in the cities of Cork and Limerick, and liberties thereof has been revived as amended for twenty-one years from tine first of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and to the end of the then next session And whereas the liberty of Saint Sepulchre's has been and now is without lamps to light the same, be it therefore enacte^> That the seneschal of the said liberty of Saint Seiko's may Sect pulchre's, by and with the approbation of the grand jury lamps, &c. and thereof, shall have full power and authority to erect and fix may pave and lanterns or lamps, of suah dimensions, and at such distances,

and

St. Sepulchre's has* no lights; dial and t

applot, &c.

99

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

and to continue for such periods, and to remove or take down the same, as to him and them shall seem most fit, and to applot and levy the expence thereof upon the inhabitants of said liberty, in such manner as the ministers money is now raised within the same, and likewise shall have full power with like approbation to pave and cleanse the said liberty, and applot the expense thereof in manner aforesaid.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That this act be deemed and considered as a public act, and shall be judicially taken no- ^arjSm tioe of as such without the same being specially pleaded, Mth Jon«, i7w, and that the same shall continue and be in force for one ndcndofzwst whole year, from the twenty-fourth day of June, one thou- ee*toll* sand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and from thence to the 'end of the then next session of parliament, and no longer.

CHAP. LVIII.

An Act to continue amt amend an Act9 passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act to regulate the Trade of rectifying Spirits, and to prevent Frauds on His Majesty's Revenue by Rectifiers of Spirits. /

Whereas it is expedient to continue and amend an act passed in the thirty-eight year of his Majesty's reign entitled. An Act to regulate the trade of rectifying spirits, and to prevent frauds on his Majesty's revenue by rectifiers of spirits; Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that the said act shall be, and continue to be of force until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand eight hundred, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, and no longer.

II. And to prevent frauds on his Majesty's revenue, by persons keeping stills for rectifying or compounding spirits in improper places, be it enacted, That no licence snail be granted to any person to keep a still for rectifying or compounding spirits at any place, not being a market town, where one or more market or markets are and shall be held

It It expedient to continue and amend the recti, tying act of last etdofu; SB Q. 8. c. 62.

said Act shall

continue until 29 Sep. 1800, and end of neztses-

Places in which licences shall not be granted for rectifying;

weekly, unless a gauger shall be stationed in such place, and

that every licence to keep such still shall be null and void,

so soon as the person or persons who shall have obtained

such licence shall use such still in any other place than that

expressed in the license; and if the chief of of Commissionera

his Majesty's revenue think it expedient to refuse a license

6« to"*

8343141

The thirty-ninth Year of George DLL

to any person to keep a still for rectifying or compounding spirits, such person shall not be entitled to any such license.

CHAP. LIX.

Preamble;

An Act to enable His Majesty's Forces, under Orders of March, to pass through Turnpikes and over Bridges, Toll free.

Whereas it often becomes necessary to march his Majesty's forces, under orders from their respective commanders, through the several turnpike gates, and over several bridges in this kingdom where tolls are taken from passengers: and whereas doubts have arisen whether his Majesty's forces, or their necessary baggage on such their marches, are liable to said tolls; be it enacted by the King*s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this presentparliament All his Males- assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all and ty's forces, bag- every part of his Majesty's forces, marching or passing gage, &c. may through said turnpike gates, and over such bridges, and also and bridg«^on cars and carriages with baggage and ammunition, shall, prodacingorders upon producing an order in writing, signed by an officer ^having the command of the party, or person or persons, or carriage or carriages respectively so passing, shall pass over said bridge or bridges, or through said gate or gates respectively, toll free, and altogether discharged therefrom.

901. penalty on H. Provided always, That no person, or any carriage,

an officer (or shall be entitled to have or obtain any such order, unless on

givingsuch order march, or under order for military duty; and if any officer ku^duty.*or other person shall give such order for any other purpose or occasion, he shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, to be sued for and recovered by civil bill, before the chairman of session in the county where such gates, #or any part of said bridge is situate, on action brought by the trustees or proprietors of said tolls respectively.

CHAP. LX.

An Act for the better Regulation of Stock Brokers.

[Preamble.]

Whereas the establishing of regulations by which proper persons only will be permitted to act as stock-brokers, for the selling and buying of government stock, and government securities, and by which the prices at which suchstock and

securities

101

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

securities shall he bought and sold, shall be known to the sellers and buyers of such stock and securities, will be beneficial to the proprietors and purchasers of such stock and securities, wherefore be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one ^tockexcha^ thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, a stock exchange SDubUnltsap-shall be established in the city of Dublin, at such convenient proved of by place, and subject to such rules and regulations as shall be j°*j o^tr^asury; approved of by the lords of his Majesty*^ treasury, and that tissueUceDses* no person shaft act in the capacity of a stock-broker in the to such persons, selling or buying of any government stock, or government securities on commission, without having taken out a license stockbroker*, for that purpose, under the hands of two or more of the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury; and no such license shall be granted, unless the of of his Majesty's treasury shall think that the person applying for the same, is g proper person to be licensed. f

II. And be it enacted, That every such person shall, be- Bond to be en-fore such license be granted, enter into a bond to his Majesty, teJed into before in the penalty of two thousand pounds for himself, and two 2d, C^diti^d" securities of five hundred pounds each, conditioned, that as herein.

he will not during the time he shall continue to be licensed, buy or sell such stock or securities, for himself or on his own account, when employed by any person not being a broker, to purchase or sell such stock or securities, and that he will keep a book to contain entries of all such stock and securities as shall be sold and bought by him, describing the names of the persons to whom he shall sell such stock and securities, and the amount of every sale to every person, and the price at which the same shall be sold* /

III. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Lords of trea-

for the of of his Majesty's treasury, or any three 41111111

or more of them, whenever it shall appear to their satisfaction Ucen8e8> that any person to whom any such license shall be granted

is unfit to be licensed, by order under their hands, to annul such license, and from thenceforth such license shall be null, and void.

IV. And be it enacted, That every person who after the 500L penalty on twenty-fourth day of June aforesaid, shall act as a stock- persons who act broker, in selling or buying any government stock or govern- ^eM4*Junef"r ment securities on commission, without having taken out 1799, without such license, or having a license for the purpose of force, license*, every such person shall forfeit the sum of five bunded pounds;

and every person acting as broker in the selling and buying of any such stock or securities on commission, who shall advertise, or cause to be advertised the sale or buying thereof, or shall affix to any part of his house any notification that

any

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

fltdtk-brokers

which they hall shew to such persons on demand, penalty 1001 and disqualification.

any such stock or securities are to be sold or bought by him, and who shall sell or buy the same on commission, and shall not have a license for that purpose of force, shall forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds, to rive accounts And be it enacted, That every person who shall be so to persons for licensed as aforesaid, shall every time ne shall sell to any per-whom they sell, son any government stock, or any government security, ^dtoenter e^er m debentures or exchequer or treasury bills, give to same in books, the person for whom he sold the same an account in writing, signed with his name, of the quantity of such stock or go* verament security so sold, to whom the same was sold, and the true rate of purchase or price paid for the same, and shall enter into the said book, to be kept by him, a like account, together with the name of the person for whom he sold the same, and shall at the request of the person for whom such stock or securities shall have been sold, shew to him or her the entry therein relative to the stock sold for such person; aPd if any person who shall be so licensed, shall sell for any person any such stock or securities, and shall not give such account in writing, as aforesaid, to the person for whom he shall have sold the same, or shall not keep such book, and make such entries therein as aforesaid, or shall not at such request as aforesaid, permit the person for whom he shall have sold such stock or securities, to inspect the entries therein, of the account of stock'so sold, or shall insert in the said account, or in the said book, any false account of the price at which such stock or securities were sold or bought, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, and be disqualified from ever after acting as a stock-broker in this kingdom.

VI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for taking more for every such broker, as aforesaid, to demand and take than 2s. 6d. per from every person for whom he shall sell any such stock or cen, securities, and from every person to whom he shall sell the same, a fee at the rate of two shillings and sixpence for each one hundred pounds of such stock or securities, and no more, for brokerage or commission, and if any person so licensed as aforesaid, snail take or receive directly or indirectly, any money or other reward or thing for brokerage or commission for the selling or buying any such stock as aforesaid, above the rate aforesaid, every such person shall, for every offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

Penalties may

VII. And be it enacted, That all penalties imposed by anypersonsuing.^act m^y he recovered by any person who shall sue for the same by action of debt, bill, plaint or information ip any of his Majesty's courts of record at Dublin, in which noessoign, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

VIII. And be it enacted, That this act shall be deemed and considered as a public act, and shall be judicially'

taken

1001. penalty

A public Act.

t^ocwle

103

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

taken notice of as such without the same being specially pleaded.

CHAP. LXI.

An Act to revive and continue the several Lam relating to the Curing of Hides, and regulating the Sale of Hides and Calf Skins, and preventing Frauds in the selling thereof, and for preventing Frauds in the weighing ana Delivery of Bart imported into this Kingdom

Whereas an act passed in the eight year of the reign of O.i.e.7.i0O. his late Majesty, George the first, entitled. An Act for the further amendment of the Lam in relation to butter and Recital of vari-tallow, casks and hides, and other commodities of this king- oiu Acu reUthre dom, and for preventing the destruction of salmon, which act was continued and amended by an act passed in the tenth hid*, ice and to year of the reign of his said late Majesty, George the first, entitled. An Act for continuing arid amending the lam in 7*

relation to butter and tallow, and the casks in which such goods are to be made up, and in relation to the curing of hides, and making up of bets and pork for exportation, and for preventing the destruction of salmon; and was further continued and amended by another act, passed in the twelfth year of his said late Majesty's reign, entitled. An Act for explaining and amending an Act, entitled. An Act for the continuing and amending of the lam in relation to butter and tallow, and the casks in which such goods are to be made up, and in relation to the curing of hides, and making up of beef and pork for exportation, and for preventing the destruction of salmon; and was further continued and amended by another act, passed in the thirteenth year of his late Majesty,

George the second, entitled, An Act for continuing and amending the laws now in force in relation to butter and tallow, and the cosies in which such goods are to be made up, and for the curing of hides, and making up beef and pork for ex port at ion, and for preventing the destruction of salmon; which said acts were by several acts continued, until the^ttouedtoaa twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred Sept. 1791, and and ninety one, and from thence to the end of the then next of next session of parliament: And whereas the said acts, so far as^to far they relate to the curing of hides, and regulating the sale of at they relate to hides and calf skins, and preventing injuries to hides and hides and 8^n8» skins, by gashing or flawtering the same, and the committing De"

of frauds by the sellers thereof, have been found beneficial9to trade, and it is necessary to revive and continue the said acts, and to establish some further regulations relating to the matters aforesaid; therefore be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and cfmmonain this present

parliament


Ilf The thirty-ninth Year of George in.

parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that saidacts arc the said recited acta, so far as they relate to the curing of he&^lSer^ the sale of hides and calf skins, and

teetoUdn and preventing such injuries to hides and skins as aforesaid, and kins, for si the committing of frauds by the sellers thereof, shall be, and the same are hereby revived, save as to such ports thereof as scope ^Thereby are by act altered, and the same, together with this act, shall continue of force for the term of twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

IL. And be it enacted, That in every city or town corporate, where a market-place has been, or shall be established, by the chief magistrate thereof, for exposing all green hides or skins to sale, and where a sworn weigh-master has been, or shall be appointed, pursuant to the said acts, all green hides and skins, or hides and skins in the hair, to be sold within such city or town corporate, or within five miles therof, shall be brought to such market to be sold, and such market shall be held on four days in every week, that is to say, on evenr Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday in every week, which market shall be opened by ring of bell, at the hour of eleven of the clock in the forenoon, and shall close in the same manner, at the hour of three of the dock in the persons who buy afternoon; and if any person shall buy or sell any such ar«eU within 5 hides or skins, kips or runners in any other place within such toanVother* or town corporate, or within five miles thereof, than in

place, or on any such market, or on any other day than such market days, or other time, for shall buy or sell in such market any such hides or skins, kips or5$.°pwfto^ or runners» before the said hour of eleven of the clock in or $. per , ^forenoon, or after the said hour of three of the dock in the afternoon, every such person shall forfeit ten shillings fm-every hide and horse skin, and five shillings for every calf skin, kip, runner, or other skin, so bought and sold.

III. And in order to prevent frauds in the selling of hides

alties for sel 8^n8*^lt enacted, That if any hide or skin with any

ling hides or skins flawed, watered, or clogged;

penalty for exposing hides to sale, with parts herein described

cm, imsw, or gasn therein, or any mae or uau nauuuicuuj watered or dogged with any filth, by which the weight thereof shall be encreased, shall be exposed to sale, the person exposing the same to sale sHkll, for every such hide forfeit a sum not exceeding ten shillings, nor less than five shillings, and for every such skin, kip, runner, or horse skin, forfeit a sum not exceeding five shillings, nor less than two shillings and six pence; and if any hide sold by weight, shall have any part of the shank, as low as the dew claws thereon, or with more of the scull than the root of the horns remaining thereon, or with cheek or breech pieces, or rump, farther than the breech thereon, be exposed to sale, the person exposing the same to sale shall, for every such hide, forfeit the sum of ten shillings; and every hide and skin, in respect of which any person is hereby made subject to any penalty or

forfeiture,

altered.

Time* and places st which green hides and skins, or Hides and skins in the hairs shaO be oU;

market opened and doted by ring of bell;

The thirty-ninth Year of George III. 165

forfeiture, shall and may be detained by the weigh-master at any such market, or his deputy, for'security of such penally; and sell themfer and if such penalty shall not be paid in two days, such hide penalties, If not or skin shall and may be sold by such weigh-master, or his mo deputy, for payment thereof ay8'

IV. Provided always, That nothing herein, or in the said recited acts contained shall extend, or be construed to pre- Not to ©revent vent the selling or buying by hand, and not by weight, in the folhib En said market in Dublin^ of any raw or green hides, or skins m u 1 of cattle, slaughtered in Dublin, or the suburbs thereof, as heretofore hath been accustomed.

V. And in order to determine any difference which may arise between the seller and buyer of any green, salted, and 'dried hides, or skins in the hair, in the city of Dublin; be

it enacted, That the lord mayor of the city of Dublin, for lord mayor to the time being, shall nominate seven reputable and skilful appoint tanner* persons, of the trade of tanners, to whom, or any three or DubHn^smd*3 more of them, all such disputes and differences shall be re- to swear them; ferred to be heard and determined, and before any person ao nominated shall act, he shall take an oath before the said lord mayor, which oath the said lord mayor is hereby era-powerea to administer, that in all such references to him he will do equal justice between the parties; and where any complaint shall be made to the said lord mayor, the said lord mayor is hereby required to issue an order requiring the said referees, or any three or more of them, to meet and hear, and determine the matter of such complaint; and (he deter- determination mination of the referees, or the majority of them who shall of referees shall so meet, not less than three, shall be final and conclusive to be fina*5 all parties; and in case any of the persons'so nominated shall penalty on re-not obey such order, and shall not assign good and sufficient ^eree8wh cause on oath, or shall not determine such difference within not atten'twenty-four hours after the time which shall be appointed for their meeting, then each of the persons offending snail forfeit a sum not less than five pounds, nor more than ten pounds, to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods, by warrant, under the hand and seal of the said lordmayor, or other chief magistrate, and to be paid over to the church-wardens of the parish where such difference shall have arisen, to be distributed amongst the poor of such parish; and in case the referees to whom such difference shall be referred, or any three or more of them shall determine against the seller of any hide or skin on which such difference shall have arisen, then such penalty as by the said acts, or this act is inflicted, in respect of every such hide or skin, shall be levied and recovered as by the said acts, or this act, is directed and appointed.

VI. And to prevent frauds in the weighing of bark imported into this kingdom, and in the delivery thereof, to the

purchasers

iQ6

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

Bark to be weighed in a

tress, for the poor of the perish;

purchasers of such bark by the carriers thereof, and to enable the purchasers to detect frauds; be it enacted, That all bark - which shall be delivered from any ship or vessel, or I ct. wdght, an§ ware-house, shall be weighed in a cask or vessel, to contain delivered in' at each draught one hundred weight of such bark, and shall each* i ct. each, emptied from such vessel into sacks, and the like weight,

EOT not more, shall be put into each sack, and shall be so

levied by di»- carried and delivered to the buyer of such bark; and if any bark shall be weighed, carried, or delivered in any other manner than as aforesaid, the person by or from whom the same shall have been so weighed or carried, shall respectively for every draught so made, or sack so carried, forfeit the sum of five shillings, the same to be forthwith recovered upon conviction of the party offending, either on his own confession, or on proof on the oath of one credible witness, before the chief magistrate, or justice of the peace for the district in which such offence shall be committed, and shall be levied by distress and sale of goods of the offender, by war-« rant, under the hand and seal of such chief magistrate or justice, returning to the party any overplus arising from such sale, deducting Uie reasonable costs thereof, and such decision shall in all cases be final and conclusive to all parties, and such fine, when levied, shall be paid to the minister and churchwardens of the parish kin which the offence shall be committed, for the use of the poor of such parish; and if any carrier of bark shall use any broken sack in carrying the same to the purchaser, such carrier shall for every broken sack so used, forfeit the sum of two shillings and sixpence to the purchasers, to be deducted from his hire.

VII. Provided always, That nothing herein, or in said recited acts contained, shall extend to any hides or skins bought by, or addressed to any wholesale merchant in Dulin, whether coming by water or land carriage, from the interior of the country.

VIII. And be it enacted, That every person dealing in

X- CI UCAUliK, -, -, f O

in hides or skins hides or skins of any denomination, that are green, or raw within 7 miles of hides or skins, and not tanned, tawed, or otherwise manu- nufe^red^shaii featured, residing within seven miles of the castle of Dublin, take out li4nses shall take out a license for dealing in the same, which license without fee; shall be issued by the chief of of excise, on demand of any person for that purpose, without any fee or re-10L Penalty for warc* whatsoever, and that the said of shall keep -- an account of all persons to whom such license shall be

issued, with the place of his or her abode; and if any person residing within the limits aforesaid, shall, after the twenty-fourth day of June next, deal in hides or skins of any denomination, that are green, or raw hides, and not tanned, tawed, or otherwise manufactured, without having taken out sucl> license, such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of ten pounds, to be sued for and recovered by process

- of

carriers to forfeit 2s. 6d. for any broken sack.

Not to extend to hides coming from the interior to wholesale merchants in Dublin.

Persons dealing

not taking out such license.

107

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

of civil bill, before the chairman of the sessions of Kilmainham, or the recorder of the city of Dublin, as the case may be, of the residence of such person so offending.

CHAP. LXIII.

An Act for the more effectual preventing the forging of Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes, or any Acceptance,

Assignment, or Indorsement thereof, or any Acquittance or Receipt for Money or Goods; and also for preventing the forging of the Promissory Notes of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, commonly called Bank Notes, and the Bills of Exchange of the said Governor and Company, called Bank Post Buis.

Whereas the crime of forgery hath lately very much en- Preamble, creased in this kingdom, to the great injury of the trade and 25 G*s?* commercial credit thereof, and the laws now in force do not inflict an adequate punishment upon the offenders, concerned in such criminal practices; for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the iauthority of the same, That if any person, from and after the passing of Persons eon-this act, shall falsely make, alter, forge, or counterfeit, or cemed in forging, cause or procure to be falsely made, altered, forged, or coun- bil^ordereoT' terfeited, or willingly act, aid, or assist in die false making, receipts, for altering, forging, or counterfeiting any promissory note, or money or goods, any assignment, or endorsement of any promissory note, or g^J knowingly, any bill of exchange, or acceptance or assignment, or en- with intention to dorsement of any bill of exchange for payment of money or defiaud, shall any accountable receipt, or any receipt, acquittance, or dis-suffer deat charge for relit or other consideration, or any note, bill, or other security for payment of money, or any draft or warrant, or order for the payment of money, or any order for the delivery of goods, or for procuring or giving credit, or shall falsely alter or cause or procure to be falsely altered, or shall willingly act, aid, or assist in the falsely altering the number, principal sum, or any part of such note or assignment, or endorsement thereof, bill of exchange or acceptance, or assignment, or endorsement thereof, accountable receipt, or any receipt, acquittance or discharge for relit or other consideration, or any note, bill, or other security for payment of money, or any draft or warrant, or order for payment of money, or any Order for the delivery of goods, or for procuring or giving credit with intention to defraud any person or persons, bodies politic or corporate whatsoever, or shall utter or publish as true, any false, forged, altered, or counterfeited promissory

note,

108 The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

note, or any bill of exchange, or acceptance, or assignment, or endorsement of any bill of exchange for payment of mo* ney, or any accountable receipt, or any receipt, acquittance, or discharge for relit, or other consideration, or any note, bill, or other security for payment of money, or draft, or warrant, or order for the payment of money, or any order for the delivery of goods, or for procuring or giving credit, or in any of which the number, principal sum, or any part of such note or endorsement, or assignment thereof, bill of exchange or acceptance, or assignment, or endorsement thereof, accountable receipt, or any receipt, acquittance or discharge for relit, or other consideration, or any 'note, bill, or other security for payment of money, or any draft or warrant or order for payment of money, or any order for the delivery of goods, or for procuring or giving credit, shall have been falsely forged, counterfeited or altered, with intention to defraud any person or persons, bodies politic or corporate whatsoever, knowing the same to be false, forged, altered, or counterfeited, then every such person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted in due course of law, shall be deemed guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy.

Persons who IE And be it further enacted, That, if any person shall forge or alter falsely make, forge, counterfeit or alter, or cause or procure notes^orb^or 10^made, forged, counterfeited or altered, or act,

whTaid, pr<£ or aid or assist in the falsely making, forging, counterfeiting or cure, advise or altering any bank note of the governor and company of the aervoraStebank of England, or any assignment of endorsement of any don, or counter -bank note of the said governor and company, or any bank fdt endorse- bill of exchange of the said governor ana company, qr any ^Who^ttffC* acceptance of any assignment or endorsement of any bank vuch, with frsu- bifl of exchange of the said governor and company, or any dulent intto- bank post bill of the said governor and company, or shall alter

fcr^eadf or cause, or procure to be altered, or act, aid, or assist in the

altering the number or principal sum, or any other part of* any such bank note, bank bill of exchange or bank post bill, whether such bank note shall be assigned or endorsed or not, or whether such bank bill of exchange or bank post bill shall be accepted, or assigned, or endorsed or not, with intention to defraud the said governor and company or their successors, or to defraud any person or persons, or any body or> bodies politic or corporate whomsoever, or with any fraudulent intention whatsoever, or shall offer or dispose of, or put away any false made, forged, counterfeited, or altered bank note of the said governor and company, or any false made, forged, counterfeited, or altered assignment, or endorsement of any bank note of the said governor and company, or any false made, forged, counterfeited, or altered bank bill of exchange of the said governor and company, or any false made, forged, counterfeited, or altered assignment, or endorsement

of

The thirty-ninth Year of George III. 109

of any bank bill of exchange of the said governor and cora-

Eany, or any false made, forged, counterfeited, or altered ank post bill of the said governor and company, or^any false made, forged, counterfeited, or altered assignment or endorsement of any bank post bill of the said governor and company, or any bank note, bank bill of exchange, or bank post bill of the said governor and company, in which the principal sum or number, or any other part of any such bank note, or any assignment, or endorsement thereof, or in which the principal sum or number, or any other part of any such bank bill of exchange, or bank post bill, or any acceptance, assignment, or'endorsement thereof, has bebn falsely altered with intention to defraud the said governor and company or their successors, or any other person or persons, or any body or bodies politic or corporate, or with any fraudulent intention whatsoever, knowing the same to be false made, forged, counterfeited, or altered, or shall act in, aid, abet, assist, hire, or command, or procure, or persuade, or endeavour to procure or persuade any person or persons to commit any such offence'as aforesaid, every such person so offending, shall be deemed a felon, and suffer death without benefit of clergy.

III. And be it enacted, That if any person other than an Persons who officer, workman, servant, 'or agent for the time being, of the make or use, or governor and company of the bank of England, authorized be

and appointed for that purpose by the said governor and whohavein company, and for the use of the said governor and company, their possession and their successors only, shall make, or use, or cause, or procure to be made or used, or knowingly act, aid, or assist bank of England in making, or using, or without being authorized and appaper, not being pointed as aforesaid, shall knowingly have in his, her, or their g1?111

custody or possession, or in his, her, or their house, or out* e n*po e house, dwelling-place, lodgings, or apartments, without lawful excuse, (the proof whereof shall lie on the person accused) any frame, mould, or instrument for making of paper, with the words, " bank of England, " or with the greater part of such words visible, in or upon the substance of such frame, mould, or instrument, or in or upon the substance of any of which shall be visible, any device or distinction peculiar to, and appearing in the substance of the paper used, or to be used by the governor and company of the bank of England, for notes or bills of exchange, or bank post bills of the bank of England, or shall make, or cause, or procure to be made, or knowinly act, aid, or assist in making, or causing, or procuring to be made, anypaper in the substance of which the said words,

"bank of England, " or the greater part of such words, or any device or distinction peculiar to, and appearing in the substance of the paper used or to be used by the said governor and company for the time being, for notes or bills of exchange, or baakjpost bills of the bank of England? shall be visible; qy


no

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

if any person, except as before excepted, shall knowingly have in his or her custody or possession, or in his, her, or their house, out house, dwelling-place, lodgings, or apartments, without lawful excuse, (the proof whereof shall lie on the person accused) any paper whatsoever, in the substance of which the words, " bank of England, " or the greater part of such words, or any device or distinction peculiar to, and appearing in the substance of the paper used, or to be used by the said governor and company of the bank of England for the time being, for notes or bills of exchange, or bank post bills of the bank of England, shall be visible; or if any person, except as before excepted, shall by any act, mystery, or contrivance, cause or procure, or knowingly act, aid, or assist, in causing or procuring the words " bank of England, " or the greater part of such words, or any device or distinction pecmiar to, and appearing in the substance of the paper used, or to be used by the governor and company of the bank of England, for notes or bills of exchange, or bank post bills of the bank of England, to appear in the substance of any paper whatsoever, every person so offending in any of the cases aforesaid, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall for every such offence be adjudged a felon, and shall be transported for the term of his or her life.

IV. And be it enacted, That if any person, other than an officer, workman, servant, or agent for the time being, of the governor and company of the bank of England, authorized and appointed for that purpose by the said governor and company, and for the use of the said governor and company, and their successors only, shall make or use, or cause, or procure to be made or used, or knowingly act, aid, or assist in making or using, or procuring to be made or used, or with-Persons not au- out being authorized and appointed as aforesaid, shall know-thorized, who ingly have in his or their custody or possession, house, out-make or assist in house, dwelling-place, lodgings, or apartments, without law-tobemade^or86 excuse, (the proof whereof shall lie on the person accused) have in their any plate or instrument of metal or wood, or of any other possession any materials whatsoever, in or upon which there shall be, or be makingo^im- ma(^e> or impressed, or which would make or impress the form pressing words of words, or any part of the form of words, imprinted or im-or devices> used pressed upon, or used, or to be used in any notes or bills of land m>tes bilE exchange, or b&nk post bills of the governor and company of &c. shall be the bank of England, or any stamp or instrument of metal or transported. wood, or of any other materials whatsoever, upon which there shall be, or be made, or impressed, or which would make or impress any of the devices, distinctions, or'flourishes, printed or engraved, or to be printed or Engraved upon, or in any notes or bills of exchange, or barikpo£t bills of the said governor and company of the bank of England, every person so offending in any of the cases aforesaid, and being thereof

lawfully

Goc

Ill

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

lawfully convicted, shall for every such offence be adjudged a felon, and shall be transported for the term of his or her iife.

V. And be it enacted, That if any person shall have in his

or her possession or custody, house, out-house, dwelling- jtnglamUiotes, place, lodgings, or apartments, any forged or counterfeited biii*, &c. mthir note or notes, bill or bills of exchange, bank post bill, or bank post bills, or any forged or counterfeited note or notes, widTioSntto bill or bills of exchange, bank post bill, or bankpost bills, pur- utter them, shall porting to be the note or notes, bill or bills o i exchange, or ^ordin^otte" bank post bill, or bank post bills, of the governor and com- digcretfoi^of the pany of the bank of England, knowing the same to be forged court, for the or counterfeited, with an intent to utter or negociate the fim offence, and same as the true and genuine note or notes, bill or bills of exchange, bank post bill, or bank post bills of the govenor and company of the bank of England, every such person so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall be punished by^ fine and imprisonment, pillory, or other corporal punishment, according to the discretion of the court, before whom he or she shall be prosecuted for such offence; and if the same person shall afterwards be convicted a second time of the like offence of having in his or her possession or custody, house, outhouse, dwelling-place, lodgings or apartments, any forged or counterfeited note or notes, bill or bills of exchange, bank post bill, or bank post bills of the governor and company of the bank of England, or any forged or counterfeited note or notes, bill or bills of exchange, bank post bill, or bank post bills, purporting to be the note or notes, bill or bills of exchange, or bank post bill or bank post bills, of the governor and company of the bank of England, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, with an intent to utter and negociate the same as true and genuine note or notes, bill or bills of exchange, bank post bill, or bank post bills of the governor and company of the bank of England, as aforesaid; every such person shall for every such second offence be adjudged a felon, and shall be transported for his or her life.

VI. And be it enacted, 'Fhat upon oath being made before The houses, any justice of the peace, by one credible person, that there is lodgings, or iust cause to suspect that any one or more person or persons pe«ons suspect-nath or have been concerned in the false making, forging or ed of having in counterfeiting any note or notes, or bill or bills of exchange, Jheir possession or bank post bill, or bank post bills of the governor and com- f^esfo/mak-pany of the bank of England, or in offering, disposing of, or ing paper, plates, putting away any false made, forged, or counterfeited note or &c- &c, fiP ir' notes, bill or bills of exchange, or bank post bill, or bank post ^gi^d n'0tes bills of the said governor and company, or any false-made, or bills, may be forged or counterfeited note or notes, bill or bills of exchange, searched by any bank post bill, or bank post bills, purporting to be the note or J^by

notes, bill or bilfs of exchange, or bank post bill, or bank post granted upon

bills affidavit of suspicion

112

The thirty-ninth Year of George III.

bills of the said governor and company, or in making or using any frame, mould, or instrument, or making paper in imitation of the paper used, or to be used in notes or bills of the governor and company of the bank of England, or in making such paper, or in engraving or cutting any plate or plates of metal or wood, or otiier materials upon which shall be or be made or impressed, or whigh would make or impress as aforesaid, the form of words printed on or used, or to be printed or used in any notes or bills of the governor and company of the bank of England, Or any part of such form, or in engraving or.cutting any stamp or instrument upon which be, or he made or impressed, or which would make or impress any of the devices, distinctions, or flourishes, printed or engraved or to be printed or engraved on the notes and bills of exchange, or bank post bills of the governor and company of the bank of England, or upon oath being made before such justice as aforesaid, that there is reason to suspect that any of the herein before mentioned tools or instruments, or that any paper made in imitation of the p4ber used, or to be used by the governor and.company of the Dank of England, as aforesaid, are knowingly concealed or secreted by any person or persons; then and in all such cases it may be lawful for such justice, or any person or persons empowered by warrant under his hand and seal, to search the person, clothes, furniture, dwelling-house, room, workshop, out-house, yard, garden, or other place belonging to such suspected person or persons, or wherein they shall have resided, worked, lodged, used, lived, or have had access to, for such forged notes or bills, frame, mould or instrument, paper, plate or plates; and if any such be found in any place so such searched, or be found in the custody or possession of any wiufperscms not P6*8011 r persons not then employed by the governor and authorised, they company of the bank of England, nor having the same by shall be carried some lawful authority, then it shall and may be lawful for andkeJSasevfc any person or persons discovering the same to seize, and he denee against ana they are hereby authorized and required to seize the such person; same, and to carry them forthwith to some justice of the peace of the county, city, or place where the same shall be seized, and shall cause the same to be so secured, that the same shall be forth-coming, to be produced in evidence against such person or persons as shall or may be prosecutedurbnotes, bills, for any of the offences aforesaid; and after such time as wer or ptotes 8UC*1 Gorged note or notes, bill or bills, or any such frame, shall be destroy- mould, or instrument, paper, plate or plates, or any of ed by order of them shall have been produced in evidence, as well the same c#urt or justice. g0 pr0(juced gg the others so seized and not made U6e of in evidence, and every of them, shall forthwith, by order of the court where such offender or offenders shall be tried, or by order of such or some other justice of the peace, in case there be no such trial, be defaced and destroyed, or other* wise disposed of as such court or such justice shall direct.

1

The Fortieth Year of 6eerge III.

VH. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall be convicted of having in his or her possession or custody, any false-made, forged, or counterfeited note or notes, hill or bilb of exchange, bank post bill or bank post bills of the governor and company of the bank of England, or any false-made, forged* and counterfeited note or notes, bill or bflls of exchange, bank post bill, or bank post bills, purporting to be the note or notes, bill or bills of exchange, bank post bHl, or bank post bills of the governor and company of the bank of England, knowing the same to be forged and counterfeited, with an intent to utter or negociate the same, as the true and genuine note or notes, bill or bills of exchange, bank post bill, or bank post bills of the governor and company of the bank of England, and shall afterwards be convicted of the like offence in any other county or city, the clerk of the crown or clerk of the peace, or their respective deputy for the county or city where such first conviction was so had, shall, at the roqaest of the prosecutor, or any other on his Majesty's behalf, certify the same under his hand amd seal, by transcript in a few words containing the effect and tenor of such conviction, for which certificate thirteen shillings and four-pence, and no more, shall be paid, and 9tch certificate, being produced in court, shall be sufficient proof of such former conviction.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the governor and company of the bank of England for the time being, shall, upon all trials of any action, suit* bill, plaint, information, or indictment in this kingdom, be deemed and taken to be an existing corporation or body corporate, to all intents and purposes, and that this act shall be deemed and taken to be a public act.

When a person

U convicted a econd time of having forged note* or bill*, of hank of England, the clci k of peace where nr»t conviaion was had, »b?ll certify it by a tran*. ript.

Got. and company of bauk of England deemed a corporate body.

CHAP. XVII.

An Act to continue an Act passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of his Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for the better Regulation of the Silk Manufacture.

Where a 8 it is expedient to continue an act passed in the it u expedient t# thirty-sixth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to continue36G. a. explain and amend an act paved in the nineteenth and Ending twentieth years of his present Majesty's reign. Entitled, An act*\ik act, 19 and act for the better regulation of the Silk Manufacture; Be 20 G. 3. it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and tern- until^5 M«£cht poraJ, and commons, in the present parliament assembled, isio. and by the authority of the same, That the said act shall The above act* be, and continue to be of force until the twenty-fifth day of further conti-March, one thousand eight hundred and ten* and no longer. xn

Vol.XII. A CHAP. as7.

2

The Fortieth Year of George III.

CHAP. XIX.

An Act to enact that Part of an Act passed in the Parliament of England in the Eighth Year of Richard the Second, shall not continue to he of Force in this Kingdom, any Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

By 8 R. no Where as an act passed in the parliament of England, in

can t'uitice of c*shth7ear Richard the Second, entitled. No man of

assize in bu own the law shall he justice of assize or gaol delivery in his own county. county, which act is now of force in this kingdom by the

Statute law thereof, and by which it is enacted, That no So much of said man of law shall be justice of assizes or the common of1 force deliverance of gaols iu his own county, and it is expedient

land. that such part of the said law shall not be of force in this kingdom; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That so much of the said act as is hereby recited, shall not be of force in this kingdom, any law to the contrary notwithstanding.

CHAP. XX.

An Act for regulating the Payment of Bounties on the Exportation of certain Manufactures of this Kingdom.

Preamble Whereas the encouraging of the various branches of linen m and hempen manufactures, and of certain manufactures

p made of silk, by bounties on export, will tend to promote

3.^6^* 8 and enlarge the same, and it is necessary that the payment

of such bounties Should be under certain regulations and restrictions; be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords*spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parlia- Exporterscf ment assembled, and by the authority of the same, That mmarSf0' every exporter or seller for exportation of plain Irish linen, yard* wide, rnd Irish chequered or striped linen, and Irish huckabacks, diapers, of painted linens, sheetings and other species of linens, upwards of a yard in express 'quantity bl'eadtb> an.d of printed, painted, stained, or dyed Irish and value in en- linens, callicoes, cottons, or cottons mixed with linen, to try, exclusive of any places, on the exportation to which bounties are payable, and swearer af-n entry of suc^ goods at. the port of exportation,

firm, as herein, express the quantity thereof, and the value, exclusive of 'all printing, painting, staining or dying, and the marks on every box or package, and shall make and subscribe an. ' affidavit

A

COLLECTION

OF

S TA TUTES, % c.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

chap, xm

An Act to continue an Act passed in the thirty-sixth year §f his present Majestfs Reign^Entitled An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Nineteenth and Twentieth years of his Majesty's reign % Entitled an Act for the better Regulation of the Silk Manufacture.

Whereas it is expedient to continue an Act passed in the jt^expedient thirty-sixth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An Act to to continue s6 explain and emend an Act passed in the nineteenth and G* twentieth years of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act«c^T»

Act for the better Regulation of the silk Manufacture; Be and 20 G. s. it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and tem- Said act in fores poral and commons in the present parliament assembled, 85 March, and by the authority of the same, That the said act shall18'be, and continue to be of force until the twenty-fifth day of The above acta March, one thousand eight hundred and ten, and no longer, further continu-

XTTT °9° ^1UT..A

A

CHAP

cd to 85 March 1851. M O. 5.

The Fortieth year of George III. CHAP. XIX.

An Act, to enact that Part of an Act passed in the Parliament of England in the Eight year of Richard the Second, shall not continue to be of Force in this Kingdom, any Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

By 8R. 2, no Whereas an act passed in the parliament of England, in man of the'law the eighth year of Richard the second, entitled, No man of can be justice of the law shall be justice of assize or gaol delivery in his own county, W8 0WD county, which act is now of force in this Kingdom by the Statute law thereof, and by which it is enacted, That no So much of said manaw be justice of assizeft or the common

act shall not be deliverance of gaols in his own county, and it is expedient of force in Ire- that such part of the said law shall not be of force in this k"' kingdom; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords spiritual and temporal, and Commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That so much of the said act as is hereby recited, shall not be of force in this kingdom, any law to the contrary notwithstanding.

CHAP. XX.

Preamble,

An Act for regulating the Payment of Bounties on the Exportation of certain Manufactures of this Kingdom.

Whereas the encouraging of the various branches of linen and hempen manufactures, and of certain manufactures P ai 48 r ma<*e by bounties on export, will tend to promote

3, ^62!*'and enlarge the same, and it is necessary that the payment of such bounties Should be under certain regulations and restrictions; be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lord? spiritual and temporal, and Commons in this present parlia- Exporters of ment assembled, and by the < authority of the same, That SpwaSTof a*' ev.ery exporter or seller for exportation of plain Irish linen, yard wide and, Irish chequed or striped linen; and Irish huckabacks, diapers, of painted linens, sheetings and other species of linens, upwards of a yard in express*quantity breadth, and of printed, painted, stained, or dyed Irish and value in en- linens, callicoes, cottons, or cottons mixed with linen, to try, exclusive of any places, on the exportation to which bounties are payable, ^ror'af- shall ine entry such goods the port of exportation,

firm, asherrin*express the quantity thereof, and the value, exclusive of all printing, painting, staining or dying, and the marks on every box or package, and shall make and subscribe an

affidavit

*3

The- Fortieth year of George III.

affidavit on such entry, or if a known quaker, an affirmation to the following effect:

I A.B. make oath, or affirm, that the above entry or invoice of linen, is true and fair, and that the value of the Form ofoath' said linens, as expressed in the said entry, is not averaged, in order to reduce the value of any parcel or piece of such linen under one shilling and seven-pence halfpenny per yard; and that no parcel or piece of such linen for which I claim a bounty of three halfpence per yard, is of greater value, exclusive of all printing, painting, staining or dying, than one shilling and seven pence halfpenny per yard.

And shall likewise endorse on the cocket granted upon £n<ior8ement^such entry, the true quantity and value of the linens, or cocket; Certifi* other goods intended to be shipped; and shall before he cate ft*001 receives such bounty, produce a certificate from the searcher,earcher' or other proper officer appointed to 866 tli6 same shipped^ verifying the shipping thereof; and likewise give sufficient bie vahTef°and0U security to the collector, or other chief officer of the port, 1001, not to land in the penalty of double the value of the goods intended to be such goods in exported, and of one hundred pounds more, which security^oMilie every such collector or other officer is hereby empowered of Man; and required to take by bond, payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, conditioned that such linens, diapers, huckabacks, sheetings, or other species of linen, callicoes or cottons, or cottons mixed, so shipped, or intended to be shipped, or any part thereof, shall not be landed or brought upon shore again, in any part or parts of Great Britain,

Ireland, or the Isle of Man; and shall also, before he receives any bounty, make oath, or if a known quaker, make Oath or affirma-affirmation, which affidavit, and oath or affirmation, such tien ofvalue-ond officer is hereby empowered to administer, of the value ofmanufacture, such linens, callicoes, cottons, or cottons mixed, and that the same were made in Ireland.

II. And be it enacted, That the exporter of all Irish made

sail cloth or canvas shall, before he receives any bounty, oath to be made make oath, or if a known quaker make affirmation, which on exportation oath or affirmation the proper officer of the revenue, at the of Irish sailcloth port where same shall be shipped, is hereby empowered to or canvas» administer, that such sail cloth or canvas was made in Ireland, and is actually exported, or shipped to be exported, without any intention to be landed in any part of Great Britain, Ireland, or the Isle of Man, and that no former bounty on export has been paid for the same.

III. And for the better credit of the said manufactures,

and to prevent frauds in obtaining bounties thereon, be it If trustees ap-further enacted, That if the trustees of the hempen and at^rfa'andrive linen manufactures shall appoint any person or persons, at norice thereof to any of the ports in this kingdom, to inspect linens intended of,

no bounty shall u be paid unless

The fortieth year of George III.

P*ckww* to be exported on bounty, and shall give notice thereof In tifaate* pro-CCI> writing to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Revenue, no duped. bounty shall be paid after such notice, at any port at which such person shall be appointed to inspect, unless it shall appear to the surveyor, or other officer of the port, by some seal _' or mark affixed to each package of linen, by such person or

persons in manner herein after mentioned, that he has examined the same, nor unless it shall also appear by the certificate of such person or persons, that such linens are of good, sound and, merchantable quality.

IV. And in order to prevent abuses in obtaining such Officers may bounty, be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for andnafter88hip-re any surveyor, or any officer of the revenue, after the entry ping; of any linens or other goods, as being entitled to bounty,

and before and after the shipping thereof, to open and examine any bale, truss, or other package, to see if the goods are &c.UrJpacked at duty entered and endorsed on the cocket; and if on any*officer's charge, such examination the same shall be found to be duly entered which commis- and endorsed, the officer shall, at his own charge, cause the lowehim.ay*same to be re-packed, which charge shall be allowed to such officer by the of <n the revenue, if they shall think it reasonable,

Linen 5cc. tfnter- V. And be it enacted, That if upon view and examination worth more tKan^any such officers of the revenue, it shall appear that all or i»?7hd^pereyanl) any piece or pieces of chequed linen or striped linen, printed, exclusive of*painted, stained or dyed linen, callico, cotton, or cotton printing, &c. mixed, which shall be entered for exportation, as entitled

to bounty, is or are of greater value than one shilling and seven pence halfpenny per yard, exclusive of any value or diaper, 8cc. arising from its being painted, printed, stained or dyed; or more than vatd that any piece or pieces of diaper, huckaback, sheeting, or other species of linen, upwards of one yard in breadth, per which snail be entered for exportation, as entitled to bounty, square yard, is or are of greater value than one shilling and seven pence hall, upon de- halfpenny the square yard, that then and m every such case* To nirveyw Vfor t*le exporter or seller of such linen for exportation shall, ute of thecrown, upon demand made in writing by the surveyor of the portad l9, 'd*'pCr w"ere such goods and merchandizes are entered, deliver, or porter^ndvalue cause to be delivered, so many pieces of such linen as shall printing &c. be demanded by the said officer, into his Majesty's warehouse, at the port of exportation, for the use and benefit of the crown, and upon such delivery, the surveyor of such port, with the privity of the collector or other chief officer, shall, out of any money in the hands of such collector applicable thereto, pay to such exporter, or seller for exportation, the value of one shilling and eight pence halfpenny per yard, and also if the same be printed, painted, stained or dyed, the full value, cost, and expence of such printing, painting, staining or dying, taking a receipt for the same from such exporter or seller for exportation, in full satisfaction for

such

3

5

The Fortieth Year of George III.

£uch goods, as if they had been regularly sold; and the of of the revenue shall cause such goods to be to

fairly and publiqkly sold, to the best advantage, and out of Public^y, oW» the produce thereof, the money to be paid or advanced as aforesaid shall be repaid to such collector, to be replaced to the account of his Majesty's revenue; and if any overplus shall* remain after defraying the expences overplus to of such sale and thte necessary charges incident hereto, exchequer and one moiety of such overplus shall be paid into the receipt of officer; the exchequer, towards defraying the expences of his Majesty's government, and the other moiety to the officer or officers who shall have searched and examined such linens.

VI. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons penon8 who shall enter for exportation any linen, callico, cotton, or cot- ter linen. See at* ton mixed, at any value, exclusive of the value of its being not more than printed, painted, stained, or dyed, not exceeding the value JardhexcFu»ive of one shilling and seven pence halfpenny per yard; or any of printing, diaper, huckaback, sheeting, or other linen, upwards of a or diaper> yard in breadth, at any value as aforesaid, not exceeding of more than*one shilling and seven pence halfpenny per square yard, ls-7h<1 Per and which upon view and examination of the proper officer whfch shall'ap-of the revenue, shall be thought to be of greater value before pear ot greater its being printed, painted, stained, or dyed, than one shilling value, and refuse and seven pence halfpenny per yard, or square yard respec- and receive*0*tively, and shall on demand made in writing by the surveyor is. shd. per or other officer of the port where such linen is entered for yard, &c, exportation, refuse to deliver, or cause to be delivered, all or any one of the pieces of such linen, diaper, or huckaback, or sheeting, into his Majesty's warehouse at such port, for the use and benefit of the crown, and to receive from the said officers of the revenue, at the said port, the value of one shilling and eight pence halfpenny per yard, or square yard respectively, for such linen, together with the value, cost, or expence ofr printing, dying, painting, or staining the same, as the same may be in frill satisfaction for the same; or if^if such, eo-the proper officers of the revenue shall, upon view or exanji- ted at from nation, find any such linen which shall be entered for ex-peryardbeuli-portation at the value of six pence halfpenny per yard, or for the value of above that value, not exceeding one shilling and seven pence ehd. halfpenny per yard, to be under the value as aforesaid, of six pence halfpenny per yard, or which shall be entered at or from 5d. to the value of five pence per yard, or above that value, and ^rt^n5^not not amounting to the value of six pence halfpenny per yard, wor °*to be under the value as aforesaid, of five pence per yard; or if any such linen shall be less ir^quantity shan shall be Creased expressed in the said endorsement on the said entry or cocket,* p or shall not be of the breadth of twenty-five inches at the or 25 to^3 least, or of the breadth of one yard, if so entered; or if the \°lrw° same shall be entered or endorsed under a wrong denoinma- entered; tien, whereby the said bounty> or any part thereof, might

have

The Fortieth Year of George III.

or If entered under a wrong denomination, in such cases, all such goods and packages forfeited.

After notice, as aforesaid, given tocom miasioners no bounty shall be paid at ports where inspectors are appoint-e d, unless they certify as herein, &c.

If linen, &c. for which bounty was claimed, be landed in Great Britain, &c. same, or value forfeited;

person concerned, forfeits Is. per yard for linen, &c. and Ss. per ell for canvas.

No allowance on exportation of manufactures made of, or mixed with silk, unless oath as herein be made, and security given; conditions of security given;

have been fraudulently obtained, that then and in every' such case, all such linen, caliico, cotton, and cotton mixed, which shall be refused to be delivered, or that shall he under the value as aforesaid, of six pence halfpenny per yard, or five pence per yard, respectively, or shall appear to be less in quantity than expressed in such endorsement, or be under the breadth of twenty-five inches, or one yard respectively, or entered or endorsed under a wrong denomination, and also the goods contained in all and every package or packages, endorsed on such entry or cocket, shall be forfeited, toge ther with such package or packages, and shall and may be'seized by any officer or officers of the revenue, and the owner or merchant shall not be entitled to receive any bounty for such goods-

VII. And to prevent linen of bad quality, or fraudulently made up from being exported, be it enacted, that after notice given as aforesaid to the said of, no bounty shall be paid on any such linen, caliico, cotton, cotton mixed, diaper or huckaback, which shall he exported as aforesaid, out of any port where any inspector or other person shall be appointed, unless such inspector or other person to he appointed as a aforesaid, by the trustees of the linen and hempen manufactures, shall, by some seal or mark affixed to each package thereof, certify his having examined the same, or shall in the presence of the surveyor or other officer of the revenue examine the same, and affix his seal or mark thereon.

VIII. And be it enacted, That if any plain, chequed, or striped Irish linen, or stained, painted, printed, or dyed Irish linen, caliico, cotton, or cotton mixed, diaper, huckaback, sheeting, or sail cloth, or canvas, for which the boun-

g shall have been given or claimed, shall be landed in reat Britain, Ireland, or the Isle of Man, the exporter or exporters thereof shall forfeit the same, or the value thereof; and every person concerned in bringing back or landing the same as aforesaid, shall forfeit one shilling for every yard, or square yard of such linen, caliico, cotton, or cotton mixed respectively; and two shillings for every ell of such canvas or sail cloth so brought back or landed.

IX. And be it enacted, That no allowance shall be given upon the exportation from hence of any manufacture made in this kingdom, of silk, or silk mixed with any other material, unless oath, or in case of a known quaker, solemn affirmation be made by the exporter before such collector, or other officer of the port of exportation, which oath or affirmation such officer is hereby empowered and required to administer, that such goods are of Irish manufacture, and intended to be exported, and not intended to he relanded in any part of Ireland; and on the exporter^ giving sufficient security to the said collector, or other officer of the port, which security any such officer is empowered to take in the

name.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

name, and to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by bond in the penalty of the value of the goods, conditioned, that such goods shall not be relanded, or brought on shore again in any port or place in this kingdom; and for such part of such goods as shall be entered for or landed in Great Britain, the Islands of Guernsey Jersey, Alderney,

Sark, or Man, a condition of the said bond shall be to bring a certificate in discharge thereof within six calendar months after the date of the said bond, which certificate shall be signed by the proper officer or officers of his Majes-

Sp's customs there; and if no such officer shall be then resi-ent in any of the said islands, then by the governors of the said islands, or by the deputy governors thereof respectively; and for such of the said goods as shall be entered for or landed in any of His Majesty's plantations in America, or in the British dominions in the West Indies, or the British settlements on the coast of Africa, a condition of the bond shall be to bring a certificate within eighteen months after the date of such bond, signed by the officer or officers usually signing certificates of a like nature there, importing that such goods were landed, and testifying the landing thereof, and for such silks, stuffs, or other manufactures as aforesaid, as shall be so entered for any foreign port or place, a condition of the bond shall be to bring a certificate under the*common seal of the chief magistrate in such port or place, or under the hands and seals of two known British merchants, then being at such port or place, that such silks or other manufactures were there landed, which certificates shall respectively testify that such goods were landed at the places from whence such certificates shall have been given, and when produced and duly proved, shall respectively be a P^fic?fe8a8, full and sufficient discharge for such bonds so respectively when produced* entered into; and in case such goods shall be taken by ene- &c. shall be suffi-mies, or perish in the sea, such bonds shall be discharged discharge* upon satisfactory proof thereof being made before the com- t^ndsdi^harged missioners of the revenue for the time being, or any four or on proof of good* more of them. being taken or

X. And for better preventing frauds on the entering of officers^ay ex-any such goods tinder a wrong denomination, to the pre-amine bales be-juaice of his Majesty's revenue, be it enacted, That it shall f°Fe r afteF>i and may be lawful for any searcher or any proper officer of the rigjjfy ^nter-revenue at any time after the entry of any such goods, and ed, are to be re-before or after the shipping thereof, to open and examine packed at officer* every bale, truss, chest, or other package and if on such expence' examination the goods shall be found to be rightly entered, the officer shall at his own charge cause the same to be repacked to the satisfaction of the exporter, which charge shall be allowed to such officer by the of of the revenue, if they shall think it reasonable; but in case such if 8Uch good* be officer shall find such goods, or any part thereof, to have been falsely entered, entered under a wrong denomination, whereby his Majesty SJey sSfbefor'

- UiCV 911 (UA UCI

might fdted, and

double value.

8

exportation; proof of man factureon

Bounties to be paid out of unappropriated

The Fortieth Yeer of George III.

might have been defrauded in the allowance to be paid on the exportation of such goods, contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, all such goods to falsly altered shall be forfeited, and may be seised, and the person or persons making or causing such false entry to be made, shall forfeit double the value of such goods, for iSrSuB^

XL. Provided always, That no allowance shall be defectum mixed mended or made for any of such manufactures of silk mixed with gold and with gold or silver, where they are only mixed at the edges

S^norwSen or P*6068* nororch manufactures of

mired with other mixed with any other materials unless two-thirds at material, unlaw least of the ends or threads of the warp be of silk, or mixed jj8* ^infeed* 01 with silk in the warp, so that such silk shall be ap-

wS in the P«*nt, nor unless the silk therein used shall be at least dou-wtrp, and don- ole the value of the allowance intended to be obtained on the IfcwAiw?1*0* exportation thereof; and if any doubt shall arise whether 00 such goods or manufactures were made in Ireland, or touching the quality of such goods or manufactures, the proof shall lie on the exporter, daimer, or owner thereof ana not on the officer.

XII. And be it enacted, That, all bounties and allowances on the exportation of the manufactures aforesaid, shall he paid out or all or any of the monies arising from all or any of the duties granted by parliament, and not appropriated to any particular purpose, in the hands of the collector of the port where suen goods shall be shipped for exportation.

XIII. And be it enacted, That the said bounties shall be demand without paid on demand, without fee or reward to the exporter or* seller for exportation, subject to the several regulations

herein contained.

Penalties and

XIV. And be it enacted, That all the penalties and for-forfdturea re- fcitures aforesaid shall be sued for, levied and recovered by isC^Lorva^ SQ€^y8* means, rules, and directions, and with such VicUelawta* pewers as are appointed, directed, and expressed, in and by an act made in this kingdom, in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign, of his late Majesty Charles the second, entitled. An act for the settling if ike excise and new impost upon his Majesty , his heirs andtuccessorsf according to the hook f rotas therein inserted, or by any other law pow of force relative to the revenue of excise in this kingdom, concerning the penalties and forfeitures therein mentioned, as fully and effectually as if the same were particularly mentioned, specified, and enacted in this act, with like remedy of appeal for the party aggrieved, as in and by the said act of excise, or any other law or laws now of force relative to the duty of excise is provided.

XV. And be it enacted, That this act shall continue of force until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand eight hundred and one, and no longer.

This art maybe

XVI. And be it enacted, That this act may be altered, altered or re- varied or repealed by any act or acts to be made in this present session of parliament.

Bounties paid on

force;

with Hke remedy of appeal

In force until 84 June, 1801

pealed.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

9

CHAP* XXII.

An Act for the relief of Bankers 'who have stopped\ or who shall stop payment, and who have or shall conform to the Directions of the Act of Parliament of the thirty* third of George the Second, called the Bankets? Act.

Whereas by an act of parliament passed in this kingdom, in the thirty-third year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, entitled An Act for repealing an act pass- eiy act, 33 G. 2. ed in the eighth year of the reign of King George the firsts* entitled. An act for the better securing the payment of bankers9 notegy and for providing a more effectual remedy for the seen* rity and payment of debts due by bankers9 it was among other things enacted, That where any banker or bankers Should thereafter stop payment, and Should within three calendar months next after such stopping of payment by any deed or deeds, vest his or their whole real and personal estates, or so much of his and their real and personal estates as Should be sufficient, jn one or more trustee or trustees for the purposes therein mentioned, that the estates real and personal to be granted by such deed or deeds Should be, and stand vested in such trustee or trustees, his or their heirs, executors and administrators, according to the several.estates, rights and interests of such banker or bankers, freed and discharged of and from his or their debts, (such debts only excepted as arp thereby entitled to a reference before other debts; } and it was by said act further enacted, that the persons of all bankers who Should have stopped payment at any time between the first day of the then present session of parliament, and the fifteenth day of April, in the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty, and who at any time before the first day of the then session of parliament, and the first day of June, in the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty, Should have vested his whole real and personal estate, or a sufficient part thereof, in one Qr more trustees, for the payment of ajl their debts, and for the defraying the expences of executing that trust, Should be free from all arrests and executions at the suit of any of his or their creditors, until the fifth day of March, in the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-two; but no provision i$ made by said act for the safety or security of the persons of such banker or bankers as Should or might after the said fifth day of March, one thousand No pr#visjon i, seven hundred and sixty-two, stop payment, and vest his or thereby Made their real and personal estates as aforesaid, from arrests qr imprisonments; for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the migft stop*

King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and payment after

Consent 5 March, 1763#

The Fortieth Year of George III.

Bankers who have stopped payment since 1 April, 1793, or may hereafter

their estates in trustees.

consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that all and every banker or bankers, who has or have stopped payment since the first day of April, which was in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, or who shall at any time hereafter stop payment, and who has, have, or shall have vested his or their whole real and personal estates, or a sufficient part thereof,

from arrests ana..*7 , n , /

executions, pro- m one or more trustee or trustees, for the payment of all his

yided they vest or their debts, and for the defraying the expOnces of executing that trust, pursuant to the said in part recited act, shall be from thenceforth for ever hereafter free from all arrests and executions at the suit of any of his or their creditors, and of and from all the debts contracted and owing by such banker or bankers, at the time he or they stopped, or shall Incase of arrest, stop payment; and in case any such banker shall afterwards ^cateof coiT"*^arreste^ prosecuted, or impeached, for any debt due be-formity^shall be fore uch time as he or they stopped, or shall stop payment* evidence. such banker shall be discharged upon common bail, and shall and may plead in general, that the cause of such action or suit did accrue before such time as he stopped payment, and may give this Act and the special matter in evidence, and the certificate of such bankers conforming, and the allowance thereof, according to the directions of this act, shall be, and shall be allowed to be sufficient evidence of his having heen a banker, and his stopping payment, and a verdict shall thereupon pass for the defendant, unless the plaintiff in such action shall prove that the said certificate was obtained un- fairly and by fraud, provided that such banker shall not be entitled to the benefit allowed by this act, unless the trustees in such deed named, or the major part of them, shall in writing under their hands and seals, certify to the lord Bankers not en- c^ianceW°r> or lord keeper, or of for the cus- titled to benefit tody of the great seal of Ireland for the time being, that of this act with- such banker or bankers hath or have in all things conformed from trasterto or themselves according to the directions of the said

L chan, and affi- act of parliament of the thirty third year of his late Majesty davit thatcertfi- King George the second, which said certificate shall be laid before the lord high chancellor, lord keeper, or of ignod by two of the great seal, in order for the allowing and confirming thirds ot credit game.and unless such banker make oath, or being of tar* m n*i«n «> people called quakers, solemnly affirm in writing, that such certificate was obtained fairly, and without fraud; and unless two parts in three in number and value of the creditors of such banker or bankers, who shall be creditors for not less than twenty pounds respectively, and who shall have proved their debts before such trustees, or some other person by them respectively duly authorized thereto, shall sign such certificate, and testify their consent to such allowance and certificate.

tors in number and value.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

11

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any banker who shall have obtained his certificate from bankers^urrested the trustees named insaid trust-deed, or the major part of them, for debts due be-and shall have his certificate allowed and confirmed, as by this fore they stopped act is directed, shall be taken in execution, or detained in prison, on account of any debt due or owing before he stopped payment, by reason that judgment was obtained before such certificate was allowed and confirmed, it shall and may be lawful, to and for any one or more of the judges of the court wherein judgment shall be so obtained against such banker, on such banker's producing his certificate, allowed and confirmed to order any sheriff, or sheriff's bailiff, or officer, gaoler or keeper of any prison, who shall have any such banker in his custody, by virtue of any such execution, to discharge any such banker out of custody, on such execution, without payment of any fee or reward; and such sheriff or sheriff's bailiff, or officer, gaoler, or keeper, is and are hereby required to discharge such banker out of custody accordingly, and is and are hereby indemnified from any action ior any escape for his or their so doing.*

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any such banker or bankers who hath, or have stopped payment, or hereafter shall stop payment; and hath or have conformed, or shall conform to the said act, of the thirty third of George the second, but who hath not, or have not obtained, or shall not have obtained a total discharge from his or their debts

arising or accruing, previous to such his or their stopping Such bankers as payment, for want of his or their certificates, shall have certificates wkh-liberty after the expiration of twelve calendar months, from in 12 months,

missioners of the great seal of Ireland, for the time being, setting forth the true circumstances of the case relative to such stopping of payment and certificate, (having previously given notice to trustees, or the major part of them, of such L# chancellor his or their intended application), and the lord chancellor, S^certtf"8" lord keeper, or lords of as aforesaid, shall have and may order power and authority to direct and order the trustees, or the an advertisement major part of them, to certify upon oath to the said lord ^ert^cate&c of chancellor, lord keeper, or lords Commissioners, the con- c c*formity, or non-conformity of such banker or bankers to the said act, and such other matters as to them shall seem necessary concerning the same; the said trustees being hereby authorised and required so to do, and the said lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords of as aforesaid, shall thereupon have power and authority, if he or they shall think nt, to direct and order an advertisement to be inserted in the Dublin Gazette, (or the allowance of such banker's certificate; and in case no sufficient cause shall be shewn to the contrary, within the time limited by the said advertisement,

U The Fortieth Year of George III.

tisement, the said lord chancellor, 1Q[d keeper, or lords of as aforesaid, shall have power and authority to allow such banker's certificate in like manner, as if the same had been signed agreeable to the directions of this act, and to grant or make such order thereupon, for the relief and discharge of such banker or bankers, from his or their debts as aforesaid, or otherwise as to the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords of shall seem proper; such certificate, if so allowed, shall be as full and effectual, to all intents and purposes as if the same had been duly obtained and allowed, agreeable to the directions herein before mentioned, any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding,

CHAP. XXIII,

An Act to quiet and bar all claim of Tythe Agistment for dry and barren Cattle.

Tythe agistmeqfr W here as tythe agistment for dry and barren cattle has not dTn°dedfor ^>een demanded for more than sixty years*last past; be it inaretbMn60 therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, yev* by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual

and temporal, and commons in this parliament assembled, and by die authority of the same, that no claim or demand shall be allowed for tythe agistment for dry and barren cat-No nuh tythe within this kingdom, nor shall any suit be entertained hall be de» in any court of civil or ecclesiastical jurisdiction for the re-rnanded. covery of the same; provided that nothing herein contained Not to exempt shall be construed to exempt in any respect whatsoever from cattle where the payment of tythe any kind of cattle in such parish orparish* usually^d^ es»or part01* parts of this kingdom in which such tythe nowjis, within it years, or has been usually paid within the last ten years.

CHAP. XXIV,

i.

An Act for more effectually preventing the burning of Land.

[Preamble.]

Vide 54. G. 3. c. 115.

Whereas by several {acts of parliament in force in thi kingdom, the burning of land by any tenant without the permission of his landlord, has been declared to be an offence, and as such has been prohibited under a penalty, which is not sufficient to prevent the evil practice of Durning land; therefore the more effectually to prevent such practice, be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and tem-

The Portictk "Year of George III. 1$

posal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, a penalty of

and by the authority of the same, that any person who shall, per acre for

after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eightcon^rvw law.

hundred, burn the soil or surface of the earth, or cause or

permit the soil or surface of the earth to be burned on any

land in this kingdom contrary to the provisions of any laws

in force to prevent the burning of land, shall, instead of the

penalties inflicted by any of the said laws, forfeit the sum of

ten pounds (exclusive of the relit payable by such person)

for every Irish plantation acre so to be burned, ana at the '

same rate for any greater or less quantity of land, such

quantity to be ascertained in the same manner as is directed

by the said acts, or any of them, and such penalty to be

sued for and recovered in the same manner as the penalties

by the said acts inflicted in respect of burning land might

before the passing of this act be recovered.

CHAP. XXVI.

An Act to enable the Barrack-Master-General to carry into execution an agreement lately made with the Trustees of the Ulster White Linen-Hall, near Newry, for the sale of their Interest therein, and for vesting the same in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

Whereas by indentures of lease and release, bearing date respectively the thirtieth day of April, and first day of May, Redtaiofiaden* which was in the year of our Lord, one thousand seven hun- tures of lease dred and eighty-three, the release being made between and release, be-William Needham of Newry, in the county of Down, esquire, ^e^am^nd* of the one part, and Achesoil Thompson, Andrew Thompson, Arch.Thomp-and William Glenny, all of Newry aforesaid, merchants, ?on, And. trustees elected and chosen by the several subscribers to the w^Gienny, erecting and building the Ulster white linen hall in Lisdrum- for ground for gullion, near Newry, aforesaid, of the other part, he the said erecting the William Needham, for the considerations therein mentioned, ^en-haUnear did grant, bargain, sell, demise, release, and confirm unto Newry.*the said Acheson Thompson, Andrew Thompson, and William Glenny, their heirs and assigns, all that piece, parcel, or plot of ground, in the town-land of Lisdrumgullion, in the county of Armagh, bounded on the north by Edward Corry, esquire's field, and Mr. John Ogle's field, on the east by the canal bank, on the south by a new intended street, and on the west, by part of the late Mr. James Pollock's field, containing by admeasurement four acres two roods and thirty-four perches, Irish plantation measure, be the same more or less, as the same is set out and described, in and by the map and plan thereof thereunto annexed, situate in that part of the Lordship of Newry which lies in

the

H

Sum* km been expended in erecting buddings which have been unproductive:

W. denar k deed;

it is necessary to build barracks near Newry; the barrack master general has agreed with surviving trustees for 5000L for their interest;

Difficulty of making out a Tood ode.

The Fortieth Year George III.

the county of Armagh, aforesaid, in trust nevertheless and to and for the use of the subscribers, to the expence of erecting the said linen-hall aforesaid, and to and for no other use, intent or purpose whatsoever, to hold with the appurtenances unto the said Acheson Thompson, Andrew Thompson, and William Glenny, in trust as aforesaid, their heirs and assigns, for and during the natural life and lives of his present Majesty King George the third, his royal highness George, now Pnnce of Wales, and of his royal highness prince Frederick, bishop of Osnaburgh, and the survivor and survivors of them, and for and during the natural life and lives of all such other person or persons, as Should from time to time, for ever thereafter, be added thereunto, by virtue of the covenants therein after for that purpose mentioned, at and under the yearly relit of one pepper com, if demanded, to he paid the first day of May, m every year, shove all taxes and impositions, quit relit, and crown relit only accepted, in which said indenture of release are contained covenants and clauses for the perpetual renewal thereof, from time to time, for ever, on the death or failure of lives, on payment of one pepper com, if demanded, as a fine for every life so to be adaed and inserted successively for ever, as by the said recited indenture of release may more folly appear: And whereas the subscribers to the said Ulster white linen-hall have expended and laid out several considerable sums of money in erecting various buildings on the said demised premises, for the purposes aforesaid, hut have failed and been unsuccessful in their endeavours to bring a market of* white linen to the said hall, in consequence whereof, the said demised premises have, for several years past, remained unproductive, in the hands of the said subscribers, or their said trustees: And whereas the said William Glenny, one of the said trustees is dead: And whereas it is found necessary and expedient to build and erect barracks, in or near the town of Newry, for the accommodation of his Majesty's troops, from time to time to be quartered therein, the right honourable James, lord Tyrawly, barrack-master-general of Ireland, hath therefore, by the direction of his excellency the most noble Charles, Marquis Cornwallis, lord lieutenant general and general governor of Ireland, come to an agreement with the said Acheson Thompson, and Andrew Thompson, the surviving trustees named in the said indenture of release, on behalf' of* themselves and the said subscribers, for the absolute purchase of their interest, and of the interest of the subscribers in the said demised premises, for the price or sum of five thousand pounds sterling; but inasmuch as the said subscribers are veiy numerous, and many of them out of the kingdom* and several of them are by reason of non age, coverture, or other disability, disqualified to grant and convey their interest therein to the said James lord Tyrawly, a 4 good

15

The Fortieth Year of George III.

good title cannot be made out, or the said agreement carried effectually into execution without the aid of an act of parliament: And whereas the said William Needham, in consi- W. Needham deration of having given his consent that the said premises claims 4001* may be conveyed and assigned to the barrack-master-general of Ireland for the purposes aforesaid, claims the sum of four hundred pounds, to be paid to him out of the said purchase money of five thousano pounds, which the said subscribers have agreed to; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawfi^td and for the said Acheson Thompson, and Andrew Thompson, the surviving trustees named in the* said recited indenture of release of the first said surviving day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, "JT

or the survivor of them, 6r the heirs or assigns of the survi- premise* for vor, to grant and convey by such proper deed or deeds of 5000L 4001. conveyance, as counsel learned in the law shall advise, for the consideration of five thousand pounds, to be paid and and4600Lto9applied in manner herein after mentioned, that is to say, trustees, for the sum of four hundred pounds thereof to the said William subscribers; Needham, his executors, administrators, or assigns, in full payment and satisfaction of any claim he hath, or may have for such his consent as aforesaid, and the residue thereof

being the sum of four thousand six hundred pounds sterling, to the said Acheson Thompson, and Andrew Thompson, or the survivor of them, or the heirs or assigns of such survivor, to be distributed amongst the subscribers and their representatives, in such shares and proportions as they are or shall be respectively entitled thereto, the said demised premises, together with all houses, edifices, and buildings, made and erected thereon, and their, and every of their rights, members, incidents, appendances, and appurtenances, unto the barrack-master-general of Ireland, and his successors; and that from and immediately after the execution of such deed or deeds, and payment of the said sum of four hundred pounds to the said William Needham, his executors, administrators, or assigns, and the said sum of four thousand six hundred pounds, to the said trustees, or the survivor of premises, 8cc. them, or the heirs or assigns of such survivor, making to- ^Jeste(1 gether the said sum, or consideration of five thousand pounds jestyon paysterling, the said demised premises, with all nouses, ment of said edifices, and buildings, made and erected thereon, and all the Sum* rights, members, and appurtenances thereunto belonging, or in any wise appertaining, shall be vested in his Majesty, his heirs and successors, as fully and amply, to all intents and purposes, as the same were granted and released, or meant, or intended so to be, by the said William Needham to the said Acheson Thompson, Andrew Thompson, and William

Gienny,

v

1C The Fortieth Year of George III.

f)eeds t» be returned and certified in court of exchequer within SI days after execution*

Receipt en-<li/r ed on deed hall be a sufficient discharge.

A public act.

Glenny, for the cestui que vies aforesaid, and the survivors and survivor of them, and for and during the natural life and lives of all and every such other person and persons as shall from time to time for ever hereafter be added and inserted to the time and term of the said recited lease, in pursuance of the covenants and agreements therein contained, at the yearly relit of one pepper corn only if demanded, free and dear, and freely and clearly acquitted, exonerated, and discharged or and from all claims whasoever of the said William Needham, his heirs and assigns, the said trustees, their heirs and assigns, and of the subscribers to the said linen hall, and every of them, their and every of their heirs, executors, administrators and assigns, aijof and from all and every charge and incumbrance whoffibever, had, made, created, or done by the said William Needham, Acheson Thompson, Andrew Thompson, and William Glenny, or any of them, or any other person or persons whomsoever, provided such deed or deeds of conveyance of the premises to the said barrack-master-general, shall be returned and certified to his Majesty in the court of exchequer by the barrack-master-general or hiB successors, within thirty one days after the execution of such deed or deeds, in pursuance of the laws now in force, for the regulation of the barracks, and other public works in this kingdom; and the said premises shall from thenceforth be so vested as aforesaid, subject to the several laws now in force, for the regulation of barracks in this kingdom, and for the several uses, titles, purposes and trusts therein specified and declared, os to the barracks for the accommodation of his Majesty's troops in this kingdom.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the receipt or receipts of the said Acheson Thompson, and Andrew Thompson, or the survivor of them, or the heirs or assigns of the survivor of them, endorsed bn such deed of conveyance of the said demised premises, for the said sum of four thousand six hundred pounds, shall be a good and sufficient receipt or receipts, discharge or discharges, to the said barrack-master-general for the payment thereof, and that the said barrack-master-general or his successors, shall not be accountable for the application, misapplication, or non* application of the said gum, or any part thereof.

III. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed a public act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, in all courts of justice whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CHAP.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

17

CHAP. XXVII.

An Act for the further Support and Maintenance of Curates xwithin the Church of Ireland.

Whereas in and by a Statute passed in the sixth year of the Recital reign of King George the first, entitled. An Act for the 1'c*l3t better maintenance of curates within the church if Ireland, it is enacted, That if any beneficed clergyman, beinga rector or vicar, having cure of souls, shall, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty, nominate and present any curate to the bishop or ordinary, to be licensed or admitted to serve the cure of such rector or vicar in his absence, the said bishop or ordinary having regard to the greatness of the cure, and the value of the ecclesiastical benefices of such rector or vicar, shall, on or before the granting of such licence, appoint by writing, under his hand and seal, a sufficient certain stipend or allowance, not exceeding fifty pounds per annum, nor less than twenty pounds, per annum, to be paid or answered at such times, as he shall think fit, by such rector or vicar to such curate, for his support and maintenance, where there is a church already, or where a church hereafter shall be built; and if it shall appear to the bishop or ordinary, upon complaint or otherwise, that any curate of such rector or vicar, licensed or admitted before the said twenty-fifth of March, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty, hath not a sufficient maintenance, it shall be lawful to and for the said bishop and ordinary to appoint him a certain stipend or allowance in like manner as before mentioned; and in case any difference shall arise between any rector or vicar and his curate, touching such stipend or allowance, or the payment thereof, the bishop or ordinary on complaint to him made, shall summarily hear and determine the same, and in case of neglect or refusal to pay such stipend or allowance, may sequester the profits of such benefice for until payment thereof.

H. And whereas in many places the provision made in Provision injakl and by the said Statute, and in and by a Statute made in the ^arebecomc first year of the reign of king George the second, entitled, insufficient.

An Act for explaining and amending an Act, entitled, An act for the better maintenance of curates, within the church of Ireland, for the support and maintenance of such curate is now become insufficient, be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present

Vol. XII. B parliament

IS

The Fortieth Year of George III.

parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the bishop or ordinary whit stipend! or to appoint, under his hand and seal, any stipend or allow-^appohued'by ance for mY cu* heretofore nominated or employed, or bishojTor ordinal hereafter to be nominated or employed, not exceeding se-ry for curates, venty-five pounds per annum, over and besides, on livings where the rector or vicar does not personally reside four months in the year at least, the use of the rectory or vicar, age house, and the garden and stable thereunto belonging, such use to be granted to the said curate for the space of twelve calendar months, by the authority of the bishop or ordinary, under his hand and seal, with power in the said bishop or ordinary to renew the grant from time to time; or a further sum not exceeding fifteen pounds per annum, in'lieu of such bous£, garden, and stable, in case there shall be none such, or it snail appear to the bishop or ordinary not to be convenient to allot and assign the same to such stipends paid tad cu*ate; which said stipend or stipends shall be paid and re-receveredasby covered in «uch and the same manner, as the stipend pay-aid recited lets. able under and by virtue of the said before mentioned acts; house, garden provided always that the said house, garden, and stable, and stable during shall be for the use of the said curate and his family, only residence only. during his actual residence in the said rectory and vicarage house. '

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the bishop or ordinary shallliave power at any time, under his

- Biahon or ordin*- and seal, to revoke the grant to the said curate of the ry may revoke aiel house, garden, and stable, or any of them; and also grant, dec. to insert in such grant such terms and conditions, to be observed on the part of the curate, aa he shall think reasonable; and also, that the curate shall peaceably deliver up the possession of the premises granted to him at the expiration, or other sooner determination of the grant thereof; and in case he shall refuse so to do, he shall forfeit and lose, penalty on curatet0 t^ie rector or vicar, all such parts of his stipend as shall forrefuiing to then be unpaid, or shall thereafter become due; and also the sum of fifty pounds to such rector or vicar, and which shall be recoverable in an action of debt.

IV. And, whereas it is expedient that the authority of ordinaries' to license curates, and to remove licensed curates,

Should be further explained, enlarged, and confirmed, be it

Mticmh8hall b^1" ena<*e(* declareu, That it shall be lawful for the ordinary made to ordina- to license any curate who is or shall be actually employed by the rector, vicar, or other incumbent of any parish church or chapel, although no express nomination of such curate shall have been made either in words or in writing to the ordinary, by the said rector, vicar, or other incumbent; and that the ordinary shall have power to revoke summarily, and without process, any license granted to any curate employed within nis jurisdiction, and to remove such

eurate

give up possession.

Ordinaries may license curates employed, al-

lies by rectors, etc.

ordinaries may'revoke licenses summarily.

The fortieth Year of George III. 10

ftdrate for such good and reasonable cause as he shall approve, subject nevertheless to an appeal, as well in the case of a appeal to arcfeM* grant of a license to a curate who has not been nomina- «h0P* ted, as in the revocation of a license granted to a curate, such appeal to be made in either case to the archbishop of the province, and to be determined in a summary ^manner*

CHAP. XXIX.

An Act to regulate the mode by which the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons to serve in the United Kingdom on the Part of Ireland, shall be summoned and returned to the said Parliament

Whereas it is agreed by the fourth article of the union By the 4tharticle that four lords spiritual of Ireland, by rotation of ses-, i^ual and0^* sions, and twenty-eight lords temporal of Ireland, elected Jemporal^and for life by the peers of Ireland, shall be the number to sit 100 commoner*, and vote on the part of Ireland in the house of lords of the ^eoothe^art' parliament of the united kingdom, and one hundred com- Ireland in th* moners, (two for each county of Ireland, two for the city imperial parlia- cf Dublin, two for the city of Cork, one for the college ment 5 of the Holy Trinity of Dublin, and one for each of the thirty-one most considerable cities, towns, and boroughs), be the number to sit and vote on the part of Ireland in the house of commons of the parliament of the united kingdom; be it enacted by the King's' most excellent Majesty, how the lord* by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual spiritual shall and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said rotation, four lords spiritual shall be taken from among the lords spiritual of Ireland in the manner following, that is to say* that one of the four archbishops of Ireland, and three of the eighteen bishops of Ireland, shall sit in the house of lords of the united parliament in each session thereof, the said right of sitting being regulated as between the said archbishops respectively by a rotation among the archiepis-copal sees from session to session, and in like manner that of the bishops by a like rotation among jthe episcopal sees, that the primate of all Ireland for the time being shall sit iii the first session of the parliament of the united kingdom; the archbishop of Dublin, for the time being, in the second; the archbishop of Cashel, for the time being, in the third; the archbishop of Tuanl, for the time being, in the fourth, x and so by rotation of sessions for ever; such rotation to proceed regularly and without interruption, from session to session, notwithstanding any dissolution or expiration of parliament;

2 B 2

«0

The Fortieth Year of George III.

parliament; that three suffragan bishops shall in like manner sit according to rotation of their sees, from session to session, in the following order; the lord bishop*' of Meath, the lord bishop of Kildare, the lord bishop of Derry, in the first session of the ^parliament of the unitea kingdom; the lord bishop of Raphoe, the lord bishop of Limericlf, Ardfert and Aghadoe, the lord bishop of Dromore, in the second session of the parliament of the united kingdom; the lord bishop of Elphin, the lord bishop of Down and Connor, the lord bishop of Waterford and Lismore, in the third session of the parliament of the united kingdom; the lord bishop of Leighlin and Ferns, the lord bishop of Cloyne, the lord bishop of Cork and Ross, in the fourth session of the parliament of the united kingdom; the lord bishop of Kil-laloe and Kilfenora, the lord bishop of- Kilmore, the lord bishop of Clogher, in the fifth session of the parliament of the united kingdom; the lord bishop of Ossory, the lord bishop of Killala and Achonrv, the lord bishop of Clonfert and Kilmacduagh, in the sixth session of the parliament of the united kingdom; the said rotation to be nevertheless subject to such variation therefrom, from time to time, as is The 28 lords herein after provided: that the said twenty height lords tem-temporal shall be p0ral shall be chosen by all the temporal peers' of Ireland in to^mann^hwein t*le manner herein after provided; that each of the said directed; and in lords temporal so chosen shall be entitled to sit in the house cases of deash or Of lords of the parliament of the united kingdom during his sh^lbe^hosen18an(*n case ^is death, or forfeiture of any of the said lords temporal, the temporal peers of Ireland shall, in the manner herein after provided, choose another peer out of their own number to supply the place so vacant.

64 commoners

II. And be it enacted, That of the one hundred common-sefcr^c?de?andd ers to s't on ^ie Part ^re^an^n the united parliament, boroughs. sixty-four shall be chosen for the counties, and thirty-six for the following cities and boroughs, videlicet, for each county of Ireland, two; for the city of Dublin, two; for the city, of Cork, two; for the college of the Holy Trinity of Dublin, one; for the city of Waterford, one, for the city of Limerick, one; for the borough of Belfast, one; for the county and town of Drogheda, one; for the county and town of Carrickfergus, one; for the borough of Newry, one; for the city of Kilkenny, one; for the city of Londonderry, one; for the town of Galway, one; for the borough of Clonmel, one; for the town of Wexford, one; for the town of Youghal, one; for the town of Bandon-bridge, one; for the borough of Armagh, one; for the borough of Dundalk, one; for the town of Kinsale, one; for the borough of Lisburne, one; for the borough of Sligo, one; for the borough of Catherlough, one; for the borough of Ennis, one; for the borough of Dungarvan, one; for the borough of Downpatrick, one; for the borough

The Fortieth Year of George III.

21

rough of Coleraine, one; for the town of Mallow, one; for the borough of Athlone, one; for the town of New-Ross, one; for the borough of Tralee, one; for the city of Cashel, one; for the borough of Dungannon, one; for the borough of Portarlington, one; for the borough of Enniskillen, one.

III. And be it enacted, That in case of the summoning

of a new parliament, or if the seat of any of the said.com- counties, cities, moners shall become vacant by death or otherwise, then the orboroughs, new said counties, cities, or boroughs, or any of them, as the JIJleS1*s^dail case maybe, shall proceed to a new election; and tl^at all o^hertowns &c, the other towns, cities, corporations, or boroughs, other shall cease to than the aforesaid, shall cease to elect representatives to fleet _'

\ j.i A, - hereafter other-

serve m parliament; and no meeting shall at any time wise provided); hereafter be summoned, called, convened, or held for the purpose of electing any person or persons to serve or act, or be considered as representative or representatives of any other place, town, city, corporation or borough, other than the aforesaid, or as representative or representatives of the freemen, freeholders, householders or inhabitants thereof, either in the parliament of the united kingdom or elsewhere (unless it shall hereafter be otherwise provided by the parliament of the united kingdom) and every person summoning, person» concern-calling, or holding any such meeting or assembly, or taking tendedel^dont any part in any such election or pretended election, shall, shall suffer pe-being thereof duly convicted, incur and suffer the pains nalties, &c.a*by and penalties ordained and provided by the Statute of pro- 16 R*8* vision and premunire made in the sixteenth year of the reign of Richard the second.

IV. For the due election of the persons to be chosen to Swingroyalw-

sit in the respective houses of the parliament of the united sent for union, kingdom on the part of Ireland, be it enacted, That on tjj* biT

the day following that on which the act for establishing the KUclare and union, shall have received the royal assent, the primate of Derry shall be all Ireland, the lord bishop of Meath, the lord bishop of represoitatives Kildare, and the lord bishop of Derry, shall be, and they-forfir8t8e8*ioD; are hereby declared to be the representatives of the lords

spiritual of Ireland in the parliament of the united kingdom for the first session thereof; and that the temporal peers of ^clocklords Ireland shall assemble at twelve of the clock on the same temporal shall day as aforesaid, in the now accustomed place of meeting of meet, and elect the house of lords of Ireland, and shall then and there proceed to elect twenty-eight lords temporal to represent the directed, peerage of Ireland in the parliament of the united kingdom in the following manner, that is to say, the names of the peers shall be called over according to their rank, by the clerk of the crown, or his deputy, who shall then and there attend for that purpose, and each of the said peers who previous to the said day, and in the present parliament, shall nave actually taken his seat in the house of lords of Ireland,

M

Return of the 38 peers chosen, to be made to the house of lords of first par-ment of united klnp-4om;

what shall be

done where the number of votes happens to be equal;

hew seats vacated by death or forfeiture of any of the 2$ peers shall be piled;

The Fortieth Year of George HX.

land, and who shall there have taken the oaths, and signed the declaration, which are or shall be by law required to be taken and signed by the lords of the parliament of Ireland, before they can sit and vote in the parliament thereof, shall, when his name is called, deliver, either by himself or his proxy, (the name of such proxy having been previously entered in the books of the house of lords of Ireland, according to the present forms and usages thereof, ) to the clerk of the crpwn or his deputy, (who shall then and there attend for that purpose, ) a list of twenty-eight of the temporal peers of Ireland, and the clerk of the crown, or his deputy, shall then and there publickly read the said lists, and shall then and there cast up the said lists, and publickly declare the names of the twenty-eight lords who shall be chosen by the majority of votes in the said lists, and shall make a return of the said names to the house of lords of the first parliament of the united kingdom, and the twenty-eight lords so chosen by the majority of votes in the said lists shall, during their respective lives, sit as representatives of the peers of Ireland, in the house of lords of the united kingdom, and be entitled to receive writs of summons to that and every succeeding parliament; and in case a complete election shall not be mack of the whole number of twenty-eight peers, by reason of an equality of votes, the clerk of the crown snail return such number in favour of whom a complete election shall have been made in one list, and in a second list shall return the names of those peers who shall have an equality of votes, but in favour of whom, by reason of such equality, a complete election shall not have been made; and the names of the peers in the second list for whom an equal number of votes shall have been so given, shall be written on pieces of paper of a similar form, and shall be put into a glass by the clerk of the parliament of the united kingdom, at the table of the house of lords thereof, whilst the house is sitting, and the peer whose name shall be first drawn out by the derk of the parliament, shall be deemed the peer elected, and so successively as often as the case may require; and whenever the seat of any of the twenty-eight lords temporal so elected, shall be vacated by decease or forfeiture, the chancellor, the keeper, or of of the great seal of the united kingdom, for the time being, upon receiving a certificate under the hand and seal of any two lords temporal, of the parliament of the united kingdom, certifying the decease of such peer, or on view of the record of attainder of such peer, shall direct a writ to be issued under the great seal of the united kingdom, to the chancellor, the keeper, or of of the great sea) of* Ireland, for the time being, directing him or them tQ cause writs to be issued by the clerk of the crown in Ireland, t* every temporal peer of Ireland, who shall have sat and

v#t«4

The Fortieth Year of George III. 28

voted in the house of lords in Ireland before the union, or whose right to sit and vote therein, or to vote at such elections, shall on claim made in his behalf, have been admitted by the house of lords of Ireland, before the union, or after the union, by the house of lords of the united kingdom; and notice shall forthwith be published by the said clerk of Notice* to b« the crown, in the London and Dublin Gazettes, of the is-suing of such writs, and of the names and titles of all the and DubHa peers to whom the same are directed, and to the said writs

there shall be annexed a form of return thereof, in which a blank shall be left for the name of the peer to be elected, and the] said writs shall enjoin each peer within fifty-two days from the test of the writ to return the same into the crown office of Ireland, with the blank filled up by inserting the name of the peer for whom he shall vote as die peer to succeed to the vacancy made by demise or forfeiture, as aforesaid, and the said writs and returns shall be bipartite, so as that the name of the peer to be chosen shall be written twice, that is once on each part of such writ and return, and so as that each part may also be subscribed by the peer to whom the same shall be directed, and likewise be sealed with his seal of arms, and one part of the said writs and returns so filled up, subscribed and sealed as above, shall remain of record in the crown office of Ireland, and the other part shall be certified by the clerk of the crown to the clerk of the parliament of the united kingdom, and no peer of Ireland, except such as shall have been elected as representative peers on the oaths to be part of Ireland in the house of lords of the united kingdom, taken and de-^and shall there have taken the oaths and signed the declara-tien prescribed by law, shall, under pain of suffering such pu-

nishment as the house of lords'of the united kingdom may award and adjudge, make a return to such writ, unless he shall after the issuing thereof, and before the day on which the writ is returnable, have taken the oaths, and signed the declaration, which are, or shall be by law required to be taken and signed by the lords of the united kingdom, before they can sit and vote in the parliament thereof, which oaths ana declarations shall be either taken and subscribed in the court of chancery of Ireland, or before one of his Majesty's Justices of the peace of that part of the united kingdom called Ireland, a certificate whereof signed by such justices of the peace, or by the regis- Certificate* to ter of the said court of chancery, shall be transmitted by such fie transmitted peer, with the return, and shall be annexed to that part there- yr'xil retunis* of, remaining of record in the crown office of Ireland; and the clerk of the crown shall forthwith after the return day of «lerk of the the writs, cause to be published in the London and Dubjin Lon-gazettes, a notice of the name of the person chosen by the don and Dub-majority of votes, ' and the peer so chosen, shall during his I"1 gazette* life be one of the peers to sit and vote on the part of Ireland jp the house of lords of the united kingdom; and in ease the cho*en, &cf

vpte*

24

what thaUbe

done when vote* are equal.

When a lord spiritual, being a temporal peer, shall be chosen one of the representatives of the lords temporal, the representatives of the lords spiritual shall proceed to the next In rotation.

If on or before l Jan. next, his Majesty declares that the present lords and commons of O. B. shall be the members of both houses for O. B. the present member* for counties, and for Dublin and Cork, shall be members in first ipw-rial

parlia;

How usd when members for T rinity college, and for the cities and boroughs herein named shall be returned.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

votes shall be equal, the names of such persons who have an e^ual number of votes in their favour, shall be written on

Eieces of paper of a similar form, and shall be put into a glass y the clerk of the parliament of the united kingdom, at the table of the house of lords whilst the house is sitting, and the peer whose name shall be first drawn out by the clerk of the parliament shall be deemed the peer elected.

V. And be it enacted, That in case any lord spiritual being a temporal peer of the united kingdom, or being a temporal peer of that part of the united kingdom called Ireland, shall oe chosen by the lords temporal to be one of the representatives of the lords temporal, m every such case during the life of such spiritual peer, being a temporal peer of the united kingdom, or being a temporal peer of that part of the united kingdom called Ireland, so chosen to represent the lords temporal, the rotation of representation of the spiritual lords shall proceed to the next spiritual lord, without regard to such temporal lord so chosen a temporal peer, that is to say, if such spiritual lord shall be an archbishop, then the rotation shall proceed to the archbishop whose see is next in rotation; and if such spiritual lord shall be a suffragan bishop, then the rotation shall proceed to the suffragan bishop whose see is next in rotation.

VI. And whereas by the said fourth article of union, it is agreed, that if his Majesty shall, on or before the first day of January next, declare under the great seal of Great Britain, that it is expedient that the lords and commons of the present parliament of Great Britain Should be the members of the respective houses of the first parliament of the united kingdom on the part of Great Britain, then the lords and commons of the present parliament of Great Britain shall accordingly be the members of the respective houses of the first, parliament of the united kingdom on the part of Great Britain; be it enacted for and in that case only. That the present members of the thirty two counties of Ireland, and the two members for the city of Dublin, and the two members for the city of Cork, shall be, and they are hereby declared to be by virtue of this act, members for the said counties and cities in the first parliament of the united kingdom, and that on a day and hour to be appointed by his Majesty under the great seal of Ireland, previous to the said first day of January, one thousand eight hundred and one, the members then serving for the college of the Holy Trinity of Dublin, and for each of the following cities or boroughs, that is to say, the city of Waterford, city of Limerick, borough of Belfast, county and town of Drogheda, county and town of Canrickfergus, borough of Newry, city of Kilkenny, city of Londonderry, town of Galway, borough of Clonmel, town of Wexford, town of Youghal, town of Bandon Bridge, borough of Armagh, borough of Dundalk, town of Kinsale, borough of

Lisburn,

The Fortieth Year of George III.

25

Lisburn, borough of Sligo, borough of Catherlough, borough of Ennis, borough of Dungarvan, borough of Downpatrick, borough of Coleraine, town of Mallow, borough of Athlone, town of ^New-Ross, borough of Tralee, city of Cashel, bo rough of Dungannon, borough of Portarlington, and borough of Enniskillen, or any five or more of them, shall meet in the now usual place of meeting of the house of commons of Ireland, and the names of the members then serving for the said places and boroughs, shall be written on separate pieces of paper, and the said papers being folded up, shall be placed in a glass or glasses, and shall successively be drawn thereout by the clerk of the crown or his deputy, who shall then and there' attend for that purpose, and the first drawn name of a member of each of the aforesaid places or boroughs, shall be taken as the name of the member to serve for the said place or borough in the first parliament of the united kingdom, and a return of the said names shall be made by the clerk of the crown or his deputy, to the house of commons of the first parliament of the united kingdom, and a certificate thereof shall be given respectively by the said clerk of the crown or his deputy, to each of the members whose name shall have been so drawn; provided always, That Any member it may be allowed to any member of any of the said places maywith-or boroughs by personal application to be then and there draw his name made by'him to the clerk of th& crown or his deputy, or by before lots are declaration in writing under his hand, to be transmitted by him to the clerk of the crown previous to the said day so ap- other shall be pointed as above to withdraw his name previous to the draw- returned, ing of the names by lot, in which case or in that of a vacancy by death or otherwise, of one of the members of any of the said places or boroughs at the time of so drawing the names, the name of the other member shall be returned as aforesaid, as the name of the member to serve for such place in the first parliament of the united kingdom, or if both What shall be members for any such place or borough snail so withdraw names^wkS their names, or if there shall be a vacancy of both members drawn, or a va-at the time aforesaid, the clerk of the crown shall certify the cancy of both same to the house of commons of the first parliament of the member#-united kingdom, and shall also express in such return whether any writ shall then have issued for the election of a member or members to supply such vacancy; and if a writ shall so have issued for the election of one member only, such writ shall be superseded, and any election to be thereafter made thereupon, shall be null and of no effect, and if such writ shall have issued for the election of two members, the said two njembers shall be chosen accordingly, and their names being returned by the clerk of the crown to the house of commons of the parliament of the united kingdom, one of the said names shall then be drawn by lot in such manner and time as the said house of commons shall direct, and the person

Whrn a new parliament of united kingdom shall be summoned, lord chan, shall cause writs to be Issued, &c. and so on all vacancies in commons.

Copies of returns shall be preserved in crown office, and shall be evidence.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

son whose name shall be so drawn, shall be deemed to be the member to sit for such place in the first parliament of the united kingdom; but if at the time aforesaid no writ shall have issued to supply such vacancy, none shall thereafter issue until the same be ordered by resolution of the house of commons of the parliament of the united kingdom, as in the case of any other vacancy of a seat in the house of common* of the parliament of the united kingdom.

VII. And be it enacted, That whenever his Majesty, his heirs and successors, shall by proclamation under the great seal of the united kingdom, summon a new parliament of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, the chancellor, keeper, or of of the great seal of Ireland, shall cause writs to be issued to the several counties, cities, the college of the Holy Trinity of Dublin, and boroughs in that part of the united kingdom called Ireland, specified in thig act, for the election of members to serve in the parliament of the united kingdom according to the number herein before set forth; and whenever any vacancy of a seat in the house of commons of the parliament of the united kingdom for any of the said counties, cities or boroughs, or for the said college of the Holy Trinity of Dublin, shall arise' by death or other otherwise, the chancellor, keeper, or of of the great seal, upon such vacancy being certified to them respectively by the proper warrant, 'shall forthwith cause a writ to issue for the election of a person to fill up such vacancy, and such writs and the returns thereon respectively being returned into the crown office in that part of the united kingdom called Ireland, shall from thence be transmitted to the crown office in that part of the united kingdom called England, and be certified to the house of commons in the same manner as the like returns have been usually, or shall hereafter be certified, and copies of the said writs and returns attested by the chancellor, keeper, or of of the great seal of Ireland for the time being, shall be preserved in the crown office of Ireland, and shall be evidence of such writs and returns, in case the original writs and returns shall be lost.

CHAP.

The Fortieth Year of George III.27

CHAP. XXX.

An Act further to continue an Acts passed in the thirty-eighth

jrear of the Reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An Act or the better Collection of Sums arising from forfeited Recognizances, and from Pines imposed at Assizes, Commissions of Oyer and Terminer, and General Gaol Delivery, and Sessions of the Peace, and for the future Application of the same, and also to repeal and amend Part of an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of nispresent Majesty, entitled, An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign, entitled An Act for the better Collection of Sums arising fromforeited Recognizances, and from Fines imposed at Assizes, Commissions of Oyer and Terminer, and General Gaol Deli-very, and Sessions of the Peace, and for the future Application of the same.

Whereas by an act passed in the thirty-eighth year of the Vide 49 G. a. t, reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An Act for the better collection of sums arising from forfeited recognizances, and acTa? from fines imposed at assizes, of of oyer and ter- to continue miner, and general gaol delivery, and sessions of the peace, and for the future application of the same, it is enacted, That J|veJ80 long- the said act Should continue in force for four years, provided his present Majesty Should so long live, to be computed from the passing thereof, and no longer: And whereas it is expedient that the said Act Should be continued in force during the life of hfs present Majesty, be it therefore enacted, by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual a, nd temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said act shall continue m fbrce for and during the said act shall term of his Majesty's life, (which God long preserve) and 5

no longer, any thing in the said act contained to the con- life, traiy notwithstanding.

II. And whereas by an act passed in the thirty-ninth year By recogni-of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An Act to££*£/* amend an act, passed in the thirty-eighth year of his Majesty's juries. X reign, entitled, An Act for the better collection of sums aris- were^fiabled ing from forfeited recognizances, and from fines imposed at herein* assizes, commissions of oyer and terminer and general gaoy^lentioned to delivery, and sessions of the peace, and for the future appn- country treasu-cation of the same, it is enacted, That from and afW the [f^alu-ouble, passing of the said last recited act, the several grapd juries uou u of the several and respective counties, CQuntieeof cities, and counties of towns, shall and may at each and every pssizjes in every year, allo\y to th^ several ^d respective '*treasurers

it would be better to allow a certain poundage to treasurers.

g. juries may-present 10 per cent, to treasures for sums paid on account of forfeited recognizances.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

treasurers of the several and respective counties, out of the monies to be raised and levied in pursuance of the said last, and the said first above recited act, a sum not exceeding ten pounds by the year, and the grand juries of the county of the city of Dunlin, and county of Dublin, shall and may at each Easter and Michaelmas term in every year, allow to each respective treasurer of the county of the city of Dublin, and county of Dublin, out of the monies to be Taised and levied in pursuance of the said last, and the said first above recited act, a sum not exceeding twenty pounds by the year, which said allowance to each and every treasurer of the several and respective counties, counties of cities, and counties of towns, is and shall be a full remuneration for such their encreased trouble, in addition to each and every other sum or sums to which they are entitled under any other act or acts.

III. And whereas it would tend to the better execution of the said recited acts, if in lieu of any fixed sura or sums of money, the grand juries of every county, county of a city, and county of a town respectively, Should be empowered to present to the several and respective treasurers, out of the moriies actually paid to the said respective treasurers, arising from forfeited recognizances and fines, a certain rate by the pound for each and every pound so paid as aforesaid; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said recited part of the said recited act shall be, and the same is hereby repealed, and that from and after the passing of this act act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the several grand juries of the several and respective counties, counties of cities, and counties of towns, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, if they shall think fit, to present a sum not exceeding two shillings for every twenty shillings, actually paid into the hands of the treasurers of their respective counties, counties of cities, and counties of towns, upon account of forfeited recognizances and fines, and set down to the credit of the several baronies, and half baronies, and parishes under, and by virtue of the provisions of the said herein before recited acts, thesums so presented to be paid to the respective treasurers of the respective counties, counties of cities and counties of towns, which said sum of two shillings for every twenty shillings so paid as aforesaid, or such part thereof as the several and respective grand juries shall so think fit to present shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be a fall remuneration for the encreased trouble of the respective treasurers of counties, counties of cities, and counties of towns, by reason and in execution of the said recited acts.

CHAP

The Fortieth year of George III.

29

CHAP. XXXI.

An Act for directing the application of the Sum of Five Thousand Five Hundred Pounds, granted by Parliament to the Dublin Society for the Improvement of Husbandry and other useful Arts in Ireland; and for granting to the said Society the further Sum of Ten Thousand Pounds for the Purposes therein mentioned.

Whereas by an act passed this session of parliament, entitled, An act for securing the payment of the annuities, and of the interest and charges upon the principal sums therein provided for9 and toxvards discharge of such principal sums in such manner as therein is directed, and for enabling the officers_of his Majesty's Treasury to receive certain sums for a limited session4 ° time in manner therein mentioned, and for granting unto his 5500I. may be Majesty a certain sum of money out of the consolidatedfund, to Dublin

and for applying a certain sum of money therein mentioned SocietF*; for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred, and for other purposes9it is enacted, That out of all, or any of the aids or supplies granted this session, there shall and may be issued to the Dublin Society the sum of five thousand five hundred pounds, to be applied in such manner as shall be directed by parliament, for one year, to the twenty-fifth of March, one thousand eight hundred and one.

II. And whereas it is expedient that a further sum Should it is expedient be granted to the said society towards enabling them to to grant a further carry into execution the several purposes set forth in their Sum: petition to the house of commons this session of parliament, be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament as- 10, ooooi. more sembled, and by the authority of the same, That <$ut of all, shall be issued or any of the aids granted to his Majesty this session octo »ociety*«parliament, there shall be issued and paid to the said society the further sum of ten thousand pounds, and that both the said sums of five thousand five hundred pounds, and tent thousand pounds, shall be applied by the said society in '

manner following; that is to say, That a sum of one thousand five hundred pounds be appropriated thereout by them, to don^ndtoify be applied by their committee of agriculture in maintaining Dr.'wade afpl their botanic institution at Glassnevin, and In paying to a Year»

Walter Wade, doctor of physic, their professor in botany, a salary not exceeding three hundred pounds For one year, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one, - for superintending the said institution, and giving t

a full course of lectures on botany, ' and the application of

that

3001. to Mr. W, Higgins, professor of chymistry ad mineralogy;

TOOL for bounties on sale of manufactures;

30001. for pro. fnoting agriculture and planting;

plication of be

said two sums of 5500L and IOjQOOL

The^Fortieth year of George ttL

that science to agriculture and manufactures; That a further sum of three hundred pounds be applied thereout by the said society, in paying to Mr. William Higgins, their professor of chymistry and mineralogy, a salary for one year to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one, for his attendance on their elaborately, and giving a full course of lectures on the said subject; That a further sum, not exceeding seven hundred pounds, be applied thereout by the said society in bounties on manufactures, to be paid on the sale thereof, and, on such manufactures only as are not entitled to receive any other parliamentary encouragement, by bounty, premium, or grant; That a further sum, not exceeding three thousand pounds, be applied thereout by the said society, in premiums for promoting agriculture and planting, and that the remaining part of the said two sums of five thousand five hundred pounds, and ten thousand pounds, and all such parts of the foregoing several sums, except the sum of one thousand five hundred pounds appropriated as aforesaid, as shall remain unapplied in manner aforesaid, shall be applied by the said society in procuring agricultural examinations into all or any of the counties of this Kingdom, in erecting drawing schools, exhibition rooms for artists, repositories for implements of husbandry and manufactures, buildings for a veterinary institution, and such other buildings as the society shall deem expedient, in paying a salary to a veterinary professor, and maintaining a veterinary institution, in maintaining and extending their libraries, mineralogical museum, their otljer museums, and their chymical elaboratory and expeKments, or in otherwise encouraging agriculture, planting, manufactures, and arts, and in obtaining and dinusing Knowledge respecting the same*

CHAP. XXXII.

An Act for the better governing and managing the Infirmary of the County of Clare.

In order the better to conduce to the well governing and managing the infirmary of the county of Clare under the corporation created for that purpose, be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that as soon after the passing of this act as con-Trea virer to call veniently he, public notice shall be given by the trea-a me wiutf of surer of said infirmary, requiring all members of said corpo-jttemiHT* io elect ration to meet at the said infirmary, in the time therein to

be

C >gle

st

The Fortieth Year of George JH.

be mentioned, to elect proper persons to be acting gover-

nors of said infirmary; and that the members of said cor- recmr, Lidtwo*

Soration who shall be then and there assembled, shall choose representative* y ballot five proper persons, members of said corporation, of Co. shall have to be acting governors of said infirmary, until the first day of June, one thousand eight hundred and one, and such five persons as shall, on such ballot, appear to have the greatest number of votes, shall, during said time, together with the bishop of the diocese, the rector of the parish in which such infirmary is situated, and the two representatives in parliament for said county, be acting governors of said infirmary; , "

and they, or any three or more of them, shall, during the said term, have the sole ordering, directing, and managing of said infirmary, end all matters and things relating thereto or concerning the the same.

II. And be it enacted, That yearly, or every year between* the first and tenth days of May, the said corporation shall in like manner, meet and choose by ballot, out of the Annual election members of said corporation, five proper persons, who, 0 5 governor4* with the bishop of the diocese, the rector of the' parish in which said infirmary is situated, and the two representatives in parliament of the county, shall be acting governors of said infinnaiy, for one year, from the first day of June following, and such persons, or any three or more of them, shall, during such year, have the like sole ordering, directing, and managing said infirmary, and all matters and things relating to -or concerning the same.

III. And be it enacted, That no person shall vote at None shall vote such election, as a member of said corporation, who has not subscribe* been a subscriber to said infirmary six calendar months pre- 6 month*! vious to such election.

IV. And be it enacted, That if any person who shall be jn what cases so elected shall, for the space of two calendar months, be new governor* absent from such meeting of the said governors as shall be8haUbe had within such two months, unless prevented by sickness, or such other cause as shall appear reasonable to such of the governors as shall attend at such meeting, such cause to be inserted in the minutes of their proceedings, every such person shall be incapable of being a governor for the remainder of said year; and in such case, and in case any of the said governors so elected shall die or resign, the surviving acting governors shall, from time to time, as often as it shall so happen, forthwith proceed to elect another member of said corporation, to be an acting governor of the said infirmary for the remainder of said time, instead of the person so rendered incapable of acting as a governor of said infirmary, or who shall have died or resigned.

CHAP.

The Fortieth YeOr of George III.

CHAP. XXXIII.

Vide local acts, 50 G S, c. 192, and pub. acts, 54 G. 3, c. 128.

An Act for the better Management, Support, and Maintenance of the Foundling Hospital in Dublin, and for amending and fw ther continuing an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year oj his present Majesty's Reign, entitled, An Act for the better Management of the Work-house and Foundling Hospital in Dublin.

Recital hand 12^EREAS 3X1 act Parl*ament passed in this kingdom G. 3. in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An Act for the better regulating the foundling hospital and workhouse in the city of Dublin, and encreasing the fund for the support thereof, also Jor making provision for appointing a locum tenens in case of the death or absence of the lord mayor, or the president of the court recital 15 and 16 of conscience; and whereas another act of parliament passed G. 3. in this kingdom in the fifteenth and sixteenth years of the

reign of his said Majesty, entitled, An Act for amending an act passed in the eleventh and twelfth years of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, an act for better regulating thefoundling hospital and workhouse in the city of Dublin, and encreasing the^ fundfor the support thereof, also for making a provision for appointing a locum tenens in case of the death or absence of the redtal 25 G. 3. for(i may0rf or the president of the court of conscience; and wheaeas another act of parliament was passed in this kingdom in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his said Majesty, entitled, An Act for the better support and maintenance of the foundling hospital; and whereas in the thirty-eighth year of the said reign one other act of parliament was passed, en-edTn^sG An act for the better management of the workhouse and which was con- foundling hospital in Dublin; and whereas by an act of the tinued to 3ist thirty-ninth year of the said reign passed to continue several end^o/nwt ses- temPoraiy acts, the said act of the thirty-eighth year of the sion. said reign was continued in full force until the first day of

May, one thousand eight hundred, and from thence until the end of the then next session of parliament; and where-itisnecessanr to as it is necessary to continue and amend the said last men-ac^dVo^alt?1 ^oned act ^je thirty-eighth year of his -present Majesty, the others: and to alter and amend the powers given and granted m

and by the said several acts, and to continue all such parts of the said acts, and any other acts now in force, which solely or in any manner relate to the said hospital, as are proper to be continued, with such alterations, amendments, and additions as are herein contained; wherefore be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the

advice

The Fortieth Year of George III. 33*

advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of

this act, so much of the said herein before recited acts of parliament passed in the eleventh and twelfth, fifteenth and ^t* in force

sixteenth, twenty-fifth, thirty-eighth, and thirty-ninth years relative to F.

of the reign of his present Majesty, and all and every other hospital shall

act and acts heretofore passed in this kingdom which now ^h^byalt«riS!

remain in force, and all and every part of any other act or acts now also remaining in force, which solely or in any

manner relate to the said foundling hospital ana workhouse,

shall, and the same are hereby continued in full force and

virtue, save as to such parts thereof as are in and by this act varied and amended.

II. And be it enacted, That the right honourable John Persons herein Denis, Earl of Altamont, the fight reverend Euseby, lord named shall be Bishop of Ferns, the honourable and right reverend William, governors of W. lord bishop of Killaloe, the right honourable Sackville Ha- hospital, and milton, doctor George Renny, major Maximilian Faviere, have sole mat. the reverend Arthur Maguire, Robert Alexander, esquire; nagement.

John Godley, esquire; together with the chancellor of his Majesty's exchequer of Ireland for the time being, shall be and they are hereby constituted Governors of the said work-house and foundling hospital, and that they and the survivors of them, and such other person or persons as from time to time, upon the death, or resignation, or removal of'any of them, or of any of the persons who shall be elected governors of the said hospital in manner herein after mentioned, or any three or more of them, except in such cases where the presence of a greater number than three of the said governors is required or directed, by this or any other act or acts now in force as to the said foundling hospital, shall have the sole and entire direction and management of the said hospital, and of all matters concerning or relating to the same, as fully to all intents and purposes as they, or any former governors of the said hospital might or could do by the aforesaid recited acts, or any of them, and all powers and authorities which might or could be, or were lawfully exercised by them, shall, and may be exercised by the said governors and their successors, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the same were re-enacted or particularly mentioned in this act.

III. And be it further enacted, That from time to time, when governor* upon the death or resignation, or removal of any of the resign or die, aforesaid governors or persons, and as often as any vacancy others shall be of a governor of the said foundling hospital shall happen, vors^who shalT then the surviving or remaining governors of the said hos- be approved by pital, five at least being present, shall, at a meeting or L* Lieutenant, meetings to be held for that purpose, proceed to elect, and

Vol. XH. C shall

3* The Fortieth Year of George III.

shall elect some fit and proper person or persons to be governor or governors, in the place and stead of the governor or governors dying or resigning, or of any vacancy of a governor or governors, and every person so elected shall, to all intents and purposes, be deemed and taken to be a governor of the said foundling hospital, and a member of the said corporation, and shall from thenceforth have the same power and authority as any governor herein before named and appointed, and as if his name were herein particularly inserted, provided always, that no person shall be capable of acting as a governor, unless he shall be approved of by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ire-and for the time being, and where such approbation shall not be ^made, the election of such person shall be void, and it lord lieut. may 8*iaN and may^lawful for the said lord lieutenant, or other remove any go- chief governor or governors, to remove any governor herein vein or named, or who shall hereafter be elected.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every person who by virtue of the powers contained in the aforesaid recited acts of parliament, was appointed an officer or servant for carrying into execution any of the purposes of the said acts.

Persons in office or any of them, and who shall be in the employment of under former the said corporation at the time of the passing of this act, cou" shall continue in such office or station, under the direction and controul of the governors of the said hospital herein before named, or to be hereafter elected fin pursuance of this act, and all such officers and servants shall have the same power and authority for exercising the duties of their respective offices, as if they were respectively appointed or nominated thereto by the governors appointed by this act.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall Governors may and may be lawful for the said governors and their succes-dismiss officers, sors, or any five or more of them concurring therein, at a othere Hind may meeting duly summoned for that purpose from time to time, apportion sala-'to remove any person exercising, or who shall be appointed

to exercise any office or employment under them from such office or employment, and from time to time either upon such removal, or on any vacancy to nominate and appoint such other person or persons as they shall deem most competent and necessary for executing any of the several trusts and duties of such offices or employments respectively during the pleasure of the said governors, and to distribute and apportion salaries and allowances to such officers, or other persons employed or appointed, or to be employed or appointed, in such manner and in such proportions as the said governors, or any five of them shall think fit; provided that salaries of officers sa^ar'es to apportioned as aforesaid, shall not in the not to exceed whole exceed the sum of one thousand one hundred and 1190L exclusive ninety pounds per annum, exclusive of the salaries and wages of masters, mis- Gf

tresses, nurses,

8tc,

The Fortieth Year of George III. $5

of masters and mistresses employed for the instruction of the children in the said hospital, and of the nurses, and male and female attendants on the children; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said governors, or any four of them, land they are hereby authorized to appoint and entertain all such masters or mistresses, nurse or nurses, servant or servants, as shall be necessary to be employed in or' concerning the business of said hospital, or of the instruction of the children therein, and keeping them at work,; and them or any of them to remove as they shall see cause or think fit; and on the death or removal of any of them, to choose others in their place, and also to make and give such reasonable wages and allowances to them, or any of them, out of the fluids or revenues of said hospital, as the said governors shall think fit.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every person who Persons coti-shall be entrusted with the collection, receipt, or disburse- ceip^ordi^ ment of any of the funds or revenues of the said corpora- bursements tien, and every person who shall be subject to any account shall account with the said corporation, or to whom any trust or charge upon oath* shall have been committed by the said corporation, shall

from time to time when required by the said corporation duly

account for the same, and shall render such account on oath,

or if a quaker, on affirmation before the said governors, if

required so to do; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said governors, or any three or more of them, to summon to Governors may

appear before them all such persons as they may think pro- summon wit-11.. r^J J.r nesses, and ex-

per to examine as witnesses in any matter concerning or re- amine* them on

lating to the said hospital, or the funds or revenues thereof, oath, and to examine every such person on oath, or if a quaker on1 affirmation, which oaths ana affirmations the said governors, or any three or more of them, are hereby empowered to administer, and if any person who shall be so summoned, shall not attend pursuant thereto, or shall refuse to take an oath or £5 penalty on affirmation, or to give evidence, every such person shall for-

feit a sum not exceeding five pounds; and it shall and may be evidence to^ lawful for the said governors, or any three or more of them, be levied by by warrant under their hands and seals, to cause the same to Stress, be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the party, which shall be applied to the use, of the said hospital, rendering the overplus to the owner.

VII. And be it enacted, That if any person who shall take Persons who any oath, or (if a quaker) make any affirmation, which shall swear or affirm be administered by virtue of this act, or any of the aforesaid punished recited acts, shall forswear himself or herself, or shall be perjury, guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury, or false affirmation, and

shall be thereof convicted by due course of law* every such person shall incur and suffer the pains and' penalties which by law are enacted against persons guilty of wilfiil and corrupt perjury.

C 2 VIII. And

56

The Fortieth Year of George III.

What shall be considered selling ale, beer,

VIII. And whereas by the said former acts, a further or additional duty of six pence in the pound is payable for alT and every the houses within the limits therein mentioned, wherein there shall be sold by retail any brandy, ale, beer, strong waters, or spirituous liquors, according to the respective valuations thereof, on the inhabitant or inhabitants of every such house or houses, and payable for the purposes therein directed; and in order to ascertain what may be considered as a selling of the aforesaid liquors by retail, be it enacted and declared, that a sale of the aforesaid liquors, or uil$P»oas'toT8ub^ t^em»n quantity less than two gallons at any one

ject such house time, shall be deemed to be a sale by retail of the liquors so to the additional sold within the meaning of this act; and every house within «<L in the ^he limits aforesaid, within which such sale shall be charged,

poun*and chargeable with the said additional sum of six pence in

the pound, according to the valuation of such houses respectively.

I A. And in order to enable the said governors the better

to ascertain the houses in which any of the aforesaid liquors

shall be sold by retail, be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said governors, or any three or more of them, once in every year, at such time as they shall think proper, by a note in writing under their hands, to require from the Governors may collector of his Majesty's revenue of excise in the county of reouire list of Dublin district, and from the superfntendant magistrate of the every year from <^str^ct of the metropolis, a list, or account in writing of all the collector licenses for sale by retail of any of the aforesaid liquors,

and superinttn- which shall have been granted by them respectively within

ofIDublfn*trate t^ie limits in which the said additional duty of six pence in the pound is payable, and the said collector and superinten-dant magistrate shall furnish to the said governors such list or account, in which shall be set forth the name of every person licensed, and the situation of the house in which eacrt such person respectively shall have been licensed to sell by retail.

X. And be it enacted, That proof that a license then in force was granted by, or on behalf of such collector or su-perintendant magistrate, to any person to sell any of the aforesaid liquors in any house within the said limits, shall be sufficient evidence of the selling of such liquors by retail in such house, and that such house is chargeable with the said additional duty of six pence in the pound.

XI. And be it enacted, That the said additional duties or rates of six pence in the pound of the* valuation of all houses within the said limits, shall be payable in every year, 'commencing on the twenty-fourth day of June, in which a license for the retail of any of the said liquors in such houses respectively shall be in force, and shall be levied and paid as soon after the twenty-fourth day of June in each year as the same shall be demanded.

2

Proof of license shall be evidence.

Said duty shall be payable after every 24 June.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

37

XII. And for the better information of the said governors of the said hospital, and to enable them to carry this act into due execution, be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons authorized by them to inspect the

books of rates and assessments of any parish or parishes, Books of rate#, liberty or liberties, for the maintenance of the minister there- of^arishes^may of, in order to ascertain or regulate the rates and assessments be inspected by to be levied and raised by virtue of this act, or any of the persons autho-aforesaid recited acts, and to take copies thereof, and ex- goverc-

tracts therefrom, which inspection, copies and extracts, the respective church wardens, vestry clerks, register and other officers, having the custody of such books of rates and assessments, are hereby required to permit and suffer to be made and taken without any fee or reward by such person or persons, he or they producing an order for that purpose, under the hands of the said governors, or any three of them; and if any church wardens, vestry-clerk, register, or such other officer as aforesaid, shall refuse to permit or suffer such person or persons so authorized as aforesaid to inspect the said pen^y on books, and to take such copies and extracts therefrom, church wardens, within the space of fourteen days after such order has been to

produced to him or them, or a copy thereof left at his or ^chpersons their usual place of abode, that then and in every such case, take copies or he or they so offending, shall forfeit any sum not exceeding extracts, five pounds, at the discretion of the said governors of the said hospital, to be recovered and levied by warrant, under the hands and seals of the said governors, or any five of them, by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels^ and the same to be appropriated to the use of the said hospital.

XIII. And for the better ascertaining the rents of such houses, and of all houses chargeable by the aforesaid acts, or any of them, where no valuations have been, or shall be made for the collection of minister's money, be it enacted.

That if any of the houses already erected, or hereafter to be erected, at any place, ' whether parochial or extra-parochial, within the distance of two miles from his Majesty's

castle of Dublin, such miles to be computed at the rate of Sallbfascer-two thousand two hundred and forty yards to the mile, shall tained where not at the time when it becomes necessary to assess such valuations for houses for the purpose of this act, have been valued for the mone^have collection of the minister's money, that then and in every not been made* such case, it shall and may be lawful for the said governors f?r purpose# ©t of the said hospital, or any four or more of them, from time - 3 act to time, and so often as it shall be necessary so to do, by writing under their hands, to nominate any three persons competent and conversant in building, when they shall think fit to make and ascertain a valuation of such houses, which valuation such persons so nominated or appointed shall be, and are hereby authorized and empowered to make and

ascertain

3S The Fortieth Year of George III.

ascertain by view of such houses, and which valuation, when made, shall be returned to the said governors, with an affidavit thereunto annexed, made before one of the magistrates v of the city of Dublin, or one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county or county of the city of Dublin, which oath such magistrate or justice of the peace is hereby empowered to administer, purporting that such valuation was made by them according to the best of their skill and knowledge, without partiality or favour to any person or persons concerned or interested therein, and that in making the same consideration was had to a fair and reasonable relit, according to the mode which has been usually pursued in valuing houses for minister's money, and not the utmost relit for which the same is or might be let, which valuation so made shall, for the purposes of this act only, and for no other purpose, be deemed evidence of the relit of such house or houses appeals against respectively, provided always, That if on an appeal to the such valuations. gaj(| governors by the inhabitants or owners of such houses respectively against any such valuation, it shall appear, after proof on oath of the circumstances of such houses, that the valuation of such houses, or any of them hath been too high, it shall and may be lawful for the said governors to reduce such valuation to such sum as they shall think fit, and the same shall be deemed the value of such houses respectively. Houses valued

XIV. Provided also, That all such houses as shall, after after24 June, the twenty-fourth day of June, in the year of our Lord chargeable from one thousand eight hundred, be valued pursuant to the commencement directions of this act, shall be chargeable with and liable of preceding to the payment of the tax arising from the same, according VST"*"* to the valuations at which they snail be so valued, from the commencement of the year ending on the twenty-fourth day of June next preceding the time of such valuation, in case such houses have been built for the space of one whole year before the said twenty-fourth day of June next preceding vSued higher8UC'h valuation; but if not, then they shall be charged, and than for minis- liable from the twenty-fourth day of June next preceding ter's money, &c. such valuation; provided always, That no house now built, or hereafter to be built within the limits aforesaid, and which shall be valued by virtue of this act, shall be valued so^ the purpose aforesaid, to a greater extent than any house may now be valued at for minister's money; and provided, That so soon as any valuation shall be made of said houses under the laws now, or hereafter to be in being for regulating the said minister's money, such valuation shall, from thence for-Governorsmay warc^ be the accepted valuation thereof for the purposes of appoint collec- act.

tors of said tax

XV. And for the collection of the said tax and -charge herein described on sa^ houses, and the inhabitants thereof, be it fur-

at 9d- in the ther enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said

pound. governors or any five of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to constitute and appoint such and so

many

The Fortieth Year of George III. 39

many persons, and with such salaries and allowances as they shall judge necessary, not exceeding nine pence in the pound, to levy, collect, and receive for the use and benefit of the said foundling hospital, from the inhabitant or inhabitants of each and every house in the several parishes and suburbs of the city of Dublin, and within the liberties of Saint Sepulchre, Thomas-Court and Donore, and of Christ Church and Saint Patrick's thereunto adjoining, and within two miles of the castle of the city of Dublin, to be computed as aforesaid, the rates and taxes aforesaid, according to the respective valuations in the aforesaid recited former acts as herein before mentioned, and to appoint such salaries and other allowances to such persons for their trouble in coU lecting and levying such rates and taxes as they shall think proper, provided that the whole of such salaries «and allowances shall not exceed the rate of nine-pence in the pound, which shall be collected within the limits or district afore- m^ said; and that in case of non-payment of any of such rates levied by di«-and taxes, the same shall be raised and levied by the said trew; receivers or collectors', by distress and sale of the goods of the inhabitant or inhabitants, who shall at the time of such distress be in, or occcpy such house, and shall be by such receivers or collectors respectively accounted for, ana paid to the governors of the said hospital, and the said gqyernors collectors togivt are hereby required to take security by bond from each col- security, lector, so to be appointed with twTo good and sufficient securities for the faithful discharge of his office; provided also, that the said "governors, or any five of them shall and may governors may, withhold from the said collectors their respective salaries, withhold salaries or such part thereof as they shall see fit, in case the said from collectors if collectors shall not duly and faithfully account to the satisfac- ^count.00* tien of the said governors for the money so by them received, and in all other respects fulfil and execute the trust reposed in them, and the duties of their said employment, any thing herein before, or in any other act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding. Children from

XVI. And whereas it might encourage persons in the ^renticedas higher classes to take children from the said hospital for ser- ^rvants^x-vants, if children apprenticed from thence in that capacity empted from tax were exempted from any parliamentary tax, and by suchon servant8# encouragement the succession would be much encreased,

and the institution renttered more extensively useful; there-, fore be it enacted, Thsrc no person who hath taken, or shall take any child as an apprentice for a servant out of the said hospital, shall be subject to any charge or tax in respect of any such apprentice during his apprenticehood, which now is charged or imposed, or may be hereafter charged or imposed by any act of parliament in respect of servants.

XVII. And whereas in the accounts of the governors of the said hospital, which have been audited by the of

The Fortieth Year of George III.

Commissioners of imprest accounts mar strike out lnaii-pers, and sums which appear irrecoverable, if they think proper.

A nubile act and in force until 24 June, 1*10, and end of bext session.

missioners of imprest accounts, several sums remain a charge against them for insupers or charges formerly disallowed by the said of, and also several sums which appear to be debts due to the 6aid corporation, but which from the nature of them cannot now be recovered, the several persons owing them having died or become insolvent: and whereas it would render the accounts of the said governors of the said hospital more plain and simple, if the of of imprest accounts were authorized to strike out of such accounts such sums circumstanced as aforesaid; be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the commissioners of the imprest accounts, from time to time to strike out of, and deduct from the said accounts the said insupers as aforesaid, and also such sum or sums as appear, or shall appear in the said accounts to be due to the said corporation, which shall be certified by the governors of the said hospital, - or any five or more of them to the said of to be in their opinion irrecoverable, unless such of of accounts shall in auditing the said accounts be of opinion that there is just cause to suffer the same to remain as a charge against the said governors.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That this act shall be deemed a public act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, juries, and other persons, without specially pleading the same, and shall continue and be in full force until the twenty-fourth day of June, in the year of our Lord pne thousand eight hundred and ten, and from thence until the last day of the thfcn next session of parliament.

CHAP. XXXIV,

An Act for granting Allowances to Bodies Corporate arid Individuals, in Respect to those Cities, Towns, and Boroughs, which shall cease to send any Member to after the Union, and to make Compensation to those Persons whose Offices may thereby be discontinued or diminished in Value.

Prtambte, Whereas it is agreed by the fourth article of union between Great Britain and Ireland, that one hundred commoners, two for each county of Ireland, two for the pity of Dublin, two for the city of Cork, one for the borough of Trinity College, and one for each of the thirty-one most considerable cities, towns, and boroughs, be the number to sit and vote on the part of Ireland, in the house of commons of the parliament of the united kingdom 5 And whereas it is just and equitable to make allowances to

bodies

The Fortieth Year of George III.

fcodies corporate and individuals, in respect to those cities, towns, and boroughs, which shall cease to return any member to serve in parliament from and after the said union, and to make compensation to those persons whose offices shall thereby be discontinued or diminished in value; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, from time to time, and during pleasure, to appoint by warrant under his or their hand, Xx, rd lieutenant any number of of, not exceeding five in the may appoint 5 whole, to be of for ascertaining the allowances to be made to bodies corporate and individuals, in respect of01 compens* those cities, towns and boroughs, which shall -cease to return any member to serve in parliament, from and after the said union, and also to individuals, in respect of their offices, which may be so discontinued or diminished as aforesaid.

II. And be it enacted, That each of the said of shall receive tf salary during the time he shall act as a commissioner as aforesaid, at the rate of a sum not exceeding Lbrds of the the sum of one thousand two hundred pounds per annum, treasury may to be payable out of the consolidated fund, which salary, ^*ue.8urp8 for together with such further sums as may be requisite for the S^oDewat°n*' payment of such persons as may be necessarily employed in 12001. a year the execution of this act, and for the contingent expences of each? and for the said of, any three of the commissioners of pencesfupon*" the treasury for the time being shall, and they are hereby 1. lieutenant's authorized and required to issue, upon warrants being received warrant from time to time for that purpose, signed by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, for the time being.

III. And be it enacted, That each of the said of so appointed, before he shall enter into the execution of his office, shall take the following oath upon the Holy Evangelists, before one of the barons of his Majesty's court of exchequer, videlicet,

I A.B. do swear that I will truly and diligently execute oath to be tak$k the office of a commissioner for ascertaining the allowances commi^on-to be made to bodies corporate and individuals, in respect oj*those cities, towns and boroughs, which shall cease to return any member to serve in parliament, from and after the union between Great Britain and Ireland, and also for ascertaining the compensation to be made to those persons,

whose offices shall be discontinued or diminished in value

theiehy

thereby, and that I will adjudge the allowances which I by law shall be empowered to make, in such manner as shall in my judgment be most just and equitable, in satisfaction of the claims of those who shall appear to me best entitled to such allowances. So help me God.

Duty of of.

The adjudication of three of shall be final.

Commissioners may summon witnesses, and examine them on oath.

IV. And be it enacted, That the said of shall, so soon after their appointment as may be convenient, meet in such place as the lord lieutenant, or other chief* go ernor or governors of Ireland for the time being shall direc: , and shfijl sit from day to day, from eleven o'clock until three, for the purposes of this act, and that none of the said of shall absent himself from his duty aforesaid, without license from the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, or unless he be prevented from attending to his duty by sickness, the same to be certified upon the oath of a physician, which oath any magistrate is hereby empowered for that purpose to administer.

V. And be it enacted, That three of the said of shall he a quorum, and that the judication which any three or more of the said of shall make upon the claims or any of them, which shall be laid before them, shall be final to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

VI. And be it enacted, That the said of shall he empowered to summon before them, and examine upon oath (which oath any of the said of is hereby empowered to administer) all persons whose testimony* they shall deem necessary for the purposes of this act, and that every person whom they shall so summon, shall, previous to nis being examined by the said of, or any of them, take the following oath upon the Holy Evangelists, videlicet.

Oath tube taken / A.B. do swear that I will full and tme answer make by witnesses. fQ $uc^ questions as shall be pu^ to me touching the claim of compensation under and by virtue of an act, entitled, " An act for granting allowances to bodies corporate and individuals, in respect to those cities, towns and boroughs, which shall cease to send any member to parliament after the union, and to make compensation to those persons whose offices may thereby be discontinued or diminished in value"

Persons who

VII. And be it enacted, That if any person so to be ^hal^mmlsheU sworn an<* examined before the said of, shall wil-for perjury.*fully corruptly swear falsely before the said of on such his examination before them, he shall be liable to be indicted and prosecuted for perjury on account thereof,

and

43

The Fortieth Year of George III.

and being thereof convicted by due course of law, he shall be adjudged to suffer the pains and penalties of wilful and corrupt perjury.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the allowance which shall be made by the said of to any body corporate or individual, or individuals, in respect of each city, corporation, or borough, so ceasing to return any member as above, shall amount in the whole to the sum of fifteen thousand 150001. for each pounds sterling, and no more, to be payable in the manner pkce ceasing to herein after specified.^return any mem-

IX. And whereas certain offices, and the emoluments

thereof, may in consequence of the union be hereafter dis- Offices and emo-continued or diminished in value, whereby the present pos- bor

sessors thereof, or those who are entitled to the reversion diminished, in thereof by patents under the great seal of thi* kingdom may value: suffer loss, be it enacted, That the said of, or Commissioner* any three of them may, and they are hereby authorized to tojordlicu?°of examine into the value of such offices as may be so disconti- value of such, nued, and into the diminution of emolument which may so who shall order accrue, and shall from time to time, and so soon as they shall heSafte^viz* be enabled, make report thereon to the lord lieutenant, ory '

other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, who upon such report being had, shall order compensation to- the persons so suffering loss as aforesaid, in the manner following, videlicet, if any office, or salary an-if any office on nexed to any office, placed on his Majesty's civil list, shall civil list shall be be discontinued m consequence of the union, the lord lieu- 8halfdbehe tenant, or other chief governor or governors of this king-paid during the dom for the time being, is, and are hereby authorized and possessor's life, required to direct by warrant under his or their hand, that the v salary annexed to the said office shall be paid, and payable to the person or persons possessed thereof at the time of the union, or entitled to the reversion thereof by patent as aforesaid, during his or their natural life or lives, in the same*manner as the same was paid, and payable before the union, and such salary shall continue to be a charge upon the civil list, so long as it shall be so payable as aforesaid.

X. And be it enacted, That if any office or allowance, or ^tfhere offices or any emolument arising from any office, shall cease or be di- emoluments not imnished by the union, and in consequence thereof, which PW^je out of was not paid, or payable before the union out of his Ma- ceaSeor bedim i-jesty's civil list, m that case the lord lieutenant, or other nished, allow-chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time an^{Jajfbe being, upon report being had from the said of pS^during Uves thereupon, are hereby authorized and empowered to grant of possessors, an allowance, or allowances by salary during his or their

natural life Or lives, ecpial to the loss which shall be ascertained by the said of, to be sustained in consequence thereof, by the person or persons possessed of the said offices or emoluments at the time of the union, or entitled to the

reversion

The Fortieth Year of George III.

reversion thereof by patent as aforesaid, which salary or salaries shall be paid, and payable by the of of his Majesty's treasury out of the consolidated fund, upon warrant or warrants being issued for that purpose by the said lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of the kingdom for the time being.

XI. And whereas by a vote of the house of commons of the eleventh day of June, it was resolved. That a further supply be granted to his Majesty, to enable his Majesty to make just and equitable allowances to bodies corporate and individuals, in respect to those cities, towns and boroughs which shall cease cormnons°n* of to return any member to serve in parliament from and after June, lsoo, for a the union, the said sum to be raisea and applied in such man-further supply ner as parliament shall hereafter direct; be it therefore enacted. That whenever the said of, or any three

for cities, towns,

and boroughs, of them, shall adjudge to any body corporate, or to any meu-lord lieutenant vidual or individuals, or for any use or purpose, which shall r&nts for^ayment appear to them just and reasonable, due regard being had to of sums awarded the nature of successorations respectively under the powers for compensation Of this act, any sum or sums in respect to any claims which by 5 instalments may he made for and on account of any city, town, or bo-of 20 per cent, rough, which shall so cease to send any member to parlia- eich, with 5 ment, upon such adjudication and certificate thereof being Irit^ymenTa^* raa(^e> it shall and may be lawful for the lord lieutenant, or june^lsoi, and other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the half-yearly after- time being, to issue warrants under his or their hand to the.

of of the treasury, to pay to such body, or bodies corporate* individual or individuals, nis or their assigns, or to or for such uses and purposes as shall be so adjudged by the said of, the sums so awarded respectively, by the adjudication and certificates of the said of in the following manner, videlicet, the said sums shall be paid by five equal half-yearly instalments of twenty pounds per centum each, on the principal sums, with interest at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, from the first day of January, one thousand eight hundred and one, upon each instalment, until the same shall be paid, the first instalment of twenty percent turn to be paid on the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand eight hundred and one, and the accruing gales, with the interest payable thereon as aforesaid, shall be paid by half-yearly payments, on every twenty-fifth of December* and twenty-fourth of June in each and every year, until the whole shall be paid, and the said instalments respectively, and the interest thereon, shall be payable out of any monies which shall form a part of the consolidated fund.

400 oooo

XII. And be it enacted, That the sum of one million four

for purposes hundred thousand pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for $he

of this act, purposes in this act mentioned.

CHAP.

The Fortieth Year of George III. 45

CHAP. XXXV.

An Act for vesting in Trustees the real Estates, situate in the Counties of Meath and Long for dy which belonged to Thomas Charleton9 late of Curratown, in the County of Meath, Esq. deceased, and for making them a Corporation for the Purpose of carrying into Effect the charitable Purposes and Intentions of the Will of the said Thomas Char let on, and for other Purposes.

Whereas the said Thomas Charleton was, in and before the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, seized in his demesne as of fee of the town and land of Curratown, Thoma*Charl«-situate, lying, and being in the county of Meath, and also of ^Veized, & the town and lands of Moat-Farrell, (subject to a fee-farm of fee, of Curra-.relit payable thereout), situate, lying, vand being in the°wn and Moat-county of Longford: And being so seized, he the said n^dethefol-

Thoraas Carleton, duly made and published his last will and lowing will, as testament in writing, bearing date the twenty-eighth day of August, 17«. August, in the said year one thousand seven hundred and Wi& ninety-two, in the words and figures following, that is to say,

M. In the name of God, Amen, I Thomas Carleton, of Curratown, near Navan, in the county of Meath, do make this my last will, declaring all other wills of none effect, and appointing the right honourable Arthur Wolfe, his Majesty's attorney general, Leinster-street, Dublin, my sole and only executor of this my will, and for his trouble in executing and setting indue form and motion the substance of this will, paying all my debts and legacies as soon as may be after my death, I leave my said executor the sum of two hundred pounds sterling; I leave unto John Horan, my present servant, (provided he continues with me at the time of my death) all my music and other books, and organ, and ope hundred pounds sterling; I leave the annual relit of my estate at Curratown for ever, and the annual profit for ever also of Moat lease, near Edgworthstown, in the county of Longford, and what personal effects I may die possessed of, as a marriage portion fund of six pounds sixteen shillings and six-pence, to any day labourer's son of said or other adjacent counties, in case no residents are to be found in said counties of Meath and Longford, being such before, and at the time of Marriage, from sixteen to thirty years of ace, who shall marry with consent of her parents any day labourer's daughter of said counties, from fifteen to forty years of age, producing a certificate of such marriage, solemnized in

46

The Fortieth Year of George III.

in presence of, and signed by the minister and church-war-dens of the parish where said girl lives, to their personal knowledge, or best information of reputable neighbours to said girl's parents, and the four members of parliament, and the two high sheriff, or any two of them for the counties of Meath and Longford, all for the time being, as trustees to manage this fond, convened and met in Navan, on the first market clays of February and August, for the county of Meath, yearly, and on the last days for market for February and August at Longford in the county of Longford, yearly, giving public notice of stich meeting in every market town of said counties next previous thereunto, employing a clerk chosen unanimously, and sworn into office before said trustees, with sufficient security for his good behaviour in transacting the business of this fund, finding himself in all necessaries, without further charge on said fund, under the controul of said trustees, or any two of them, the annual salary of one hundred pounds, and no more: two-thirds of the'rents of said lands shall be distributed in the county of Meath, and the remaining third in the county of Longtord, yearly, free of clerk's salary, obliging him to keep a true and accurate account, so as no day labourer's family shall have more than one daughter portioned by this fund, until all such day labourer's family in said counties of Meath and Longford, are first once served: Then to begin with the first % family in the list, and so on to the end of it, repeating this course continually. This will shall stand valid in opposition to all other wills that shall not have the word approved written before my signature as underneath, Witness my hand and seal, this twenty-eighth day of August, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, two. Indispensable point with my said executor shall be to guard the said trustees effectually from impositions in the said marriage certificate, the clerk supplying the trustees with a true counterpart of his own list of day labourers without additional charge. Thomas Charleton, (seal) approved. Signed, sealed, published, and declared by the above mentioned Thomas Charleton, in our presence, and in the presence of each other have hereunto subscribed our names as witnesses, at the request, and in the presence of the said Thomas Charleton, John Charleton, Thomas Pellet, Janies Wolfe Charleton, John Horan, whom I shall except against, as I am told that no Codicil to said witness can be a legatee, and that he has proved himself a Will. true and faithful servant. Thomas Charleton." And the said Thomas Charleton afterwards duly made and published a codicil in writing to his sgid will, bearing date the twenty-first day of December,; n the said year, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, in the words and figures following, that is to say, " I except and.object against John Horanas

a witness

The Fortieth Year of George III. 47

a witness to my will, as I am told that no witness can be a legatee, which I mean and desire he the said John Horan Should be, as he has proved himself a true and faithful servant, and I leave unto him besides what I have mentioned to him in my will, my two watches. Thomas Charleton. (Seal.}

Signed, sealed, published, and declared by the above mentioned Thomas Charleton, in our presence, and in the presence of each other have hereunto subscribed our names as witnesses, at the request, and in the presence of said Thomas Charleton, twenty-first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, two. John Bockahan, Bryan Bockahan, Thomas Murley.' And whereas the said Thomatf He died in Charleton, departed this life in the month of December, in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-twp, with- except the out altering or revoking his said will or codicil, save so far as codicil, the said codicil varied the said will. And the said Arthur Wolfe, (now the right honourable Arthur, lord Kilwarden, ) duly proved the said will and codicil in his Majesty's court of prerogative, in Ireland. And whereas the said Thomas Charleton died without ever having been married, and without issue, and left Andrew Charleton, the eldest son of Rich* Andrew Charle-ard Charleton, who was the eldest son of Andrew Charleton, ton was left who was the eldest son of John Charleton, the uncle of the i^ltion said Thomas Charleton, his the said Thomas Charleton's filed to perpe-heir at law. And whereas^ an information was filed on the tuate testimony first day of February, one thousand eight hundred, in his ^ritn*Me8 to Majesty's high court of chancery, by the right honourable Execution John Toler, his Majesty's attorney general, at the relation proved by of Sir William Gleadowe Newcomen, baronet, Sir Thomas Th°s. Pellet: Fetherston, baronet, the honourable Clotworthy Rowley, and Hamilton Georges, esquire, and Alexander Kingston, esquire, high sheriff of the county of Longford, against the said Andrew Charleton, the heir at law of the said Thomas Charleton, in order to perpetuate the testimony of the witnesses to the said will of the said Thomas Charleton. And the due execution of the said will was duly proved in said cause by Thomas Pellet, one of the witnesses thereto. And ^hheld^rents whereas several of the tenants of the said estates of the said and powers of Thomas Charleton, have withheld their rents, and refused trustees are n#t paying the same to the said trustees named in his will, by put!&c^CX" means whereof the charitable intentions of the said Thomas P Charleton have not been carried into execution: and it is apprehended that the powers vested in the said trustees by the said will of the said Thomas Charleton, are not sufficiently explicit to enable them to effectuate his design and intentions, and that the said trustees cannot sue for and recover the rents of the said estates, and the said trustees are desirous, that a corporation shall be erected by act of parliament, effectually to answer the charitable intentions of the said

Thomas

4

*8

The Fortieth Year of George III.

Thomas Charleton, and that his real and personal fortunes devised to the said trustees, shall be vested in them as a body corporate, upon the same trusts, and to the like intents and purposes, and under the same rules and directions as in and by the said will of the said Thomas Charle-jsrtiethaTe ton are expressed and intended. And whereas the said Arthur, lord Kilwarden, the executor of the said Thomas Hament, ud to Charleton, hath consented that an act of parliament shall kecomc tru»- pass for the purposes aforesaid, and Sir William Gleadowe^Newcomen, baronet, and Sir Thomas Fetherston, baronet,

the present knights of the Shire for the county of Longford, the honourable Clotworthy Rowley, and Hamilton Gorges, esquire, the present knights of the Shire for the county of Meath, William Thompson, esquire, the present High Sheriff of the county of Longford, and Charles Drake Dillon, esquire, the present high sheriff of the county of Meath, have consented to be trustees for the purpose of carrying the trusts of such act into effect. Therefore at the humble petition and request of the said Sir William Gleadowe Newcomen, Sir Thomas Fetherston, Clotworthy Rowley, Hamilton Gorges William Thompson, and Charles Drake Dillon, be it enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, ana by the authority of the same, That the said Sir William Glea-. dowe Newcomen, and Sir Thomas Fetherston, the present knights of the Shire for the county of Longford, whilst knights of the Shire for the said county, and their successors for ever, for the time being knights of the Shire for the said county of Longford, the said do' worthy Rowley, and Hamilton Gorges, the present knights of the Shire for the tadve^and*1" county of Meath, whilst knights of the Shire for the said sheriff* of county, and their successors for ever, for the time being knights of the Shire for the said county of Meath, the said be^s corpora- William Thompson, the present high sheriff of the county tien for ever, of Longford, whilst high sheriff of the said county, and his for execution of successors for ever, for the time being high sheriffs- of the said stolUuve; »and county of Longford, and the said Charles Drake Dillon, the See. present high sheriff of the county of Meath, whilst high sheriff

of the said county, and his successors for ever, for the time being high sheriffs of the said county of Meath, shall be a corporation for ever, for the execution of the trusts of the said last will of the said Thomas Charleton, so far forth as the same relates to the management of the estates of the said Thomas Charleton, and to answer the several purposes in the said will of the said Thomas Charleton contained, and shall be called, and known by the name of the charitable trustees of the estates of Thomas Charleton, esquire, deceased, and shall implead and be impleaded, sue and be sued by that

name i

Tht Fortieth Year of KiSbrge Htt 40

toeme: which said corporation shall consist of the knight* v*of the Shire for the time being, of the counties of Longford and Meath, and the high sheriffs for the time being, of the counties of Longford and Meath; and shall and may have # and use a common seal, which they may alter or mate new from time to time.

II. And be it further enacted, by the authority afore- Trustees may said. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said at fool! a^ear"*trustees, or any three of them, from time to time, to elect and make bye* and appoint an agent or receiver of the rents of the estates, htw*, &c. which belonged to the said Thomas Cha^leton, at a salary

not more than one hundred pounds per annum; and to make such bj^ laws, rules and ordinances, and from time to time to alter the same, as they shall judge most convenient and needful for the good government of the said corporation, and management of the affairs thereof, and the effectual promotion of the good ends intended thereby, and to give such instructions and directions as they shall judge needful and reasonable, provided the said rules, ordinances, instructions and directions be not repugnailt to the laws and Statutes in force in the kingdom of Ireland. And that it shall and may no trustee shill be lawful to and for the said trustees, or any three of them, be an agent, to remove and displace such agent or receiver* provided qlways that no member of the said corporation shall ever be elected and appointed agent or receiver of the said trust estates.

III. And be it further enacted, by the authority afore- Agent to give said, That the agent or receiver which shall be so appointed security, and in pursuance of this act, shall, before he be permitted to enter

upon office, give such good and sufficient security for the just and faithful discharge of his office, as the said trustees or any three of them, Should think proper; and shall at all times be accountable to the said trustees, or any three of them, when required. And that such agent or receive* shall be obliged from time to time, -to lodge the monies to be received by him by virtue of his office, within eight days after he shall have received the same, in such bank as the said trustees, or any three of them shall direct, to be accountable for the same to the said trustees or any three of them; and that such agent or receiver shall be obliged from duty of agent, time to time to transact all matters relative to the said charity, which shall be required of him to do by the said trus* tees, or any three of them, and as often as he shall be required to give in a particular account in writing signed by him of all receipts, payments, disbursements, and transactions of the said corporation, and the same shall be then examined, audited, and subscribed by the said trustees, or any three of them, and shpll then also give in a true and exact state of the funds of the said corporation, in order Vol. XII. D that

M

Estates of said Thomas Chirp leton shall be vested in said trustees, for purposes herein directed.

This charity shall remain sole and distinct for ever.

Powers of trustees to sue for and reteive

rents.

Powers of trustees to demise or lease lands.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

that the same may be examined, and entered in a book to be kept for that purpose, such books and papers of the said corporation to be at all times open and free for the perusal of the several members thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-, said, That all the real, freehold and personal estates whereof' the said Thomas Charleton died seized, possessed of, or entitled unto, (subject to the payment 01 his debts, funeral expences and legacies, if any such remain unpaid) shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the said trustees and their successors, during the several and respective estates and interests therein, upon trust, to pay the expences of passing this act, and the execution of the trusts hereby reposed in the said trustees, and to pay all necessary costs and expences heretofore incurred in proving the will of the said Thomas Charleton, and all other necessary expences heretofore incurred, or that may hereafter incur in carrying into execution the trusts of the said will, and subject thereto upon the same trusts, and to the same uses, and for the same intents and purposes as in and by the said last will and testament of the said Thomas Charleton, are directed, appointed, and intended concerning the same, and to and for no other use, intent, or purpose whatsoever.

V. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That no other charity whatsoever, shall hereafter by the said trustees be blended or incorporated with the said intended charity, but that the same shall at all times for ever hereafter remain sole and distinct ftom every other charity.

VI. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said trustees, tfnd they are hereby enabled to sue for and receive all rents, and arrears of reift, now due and owing, or that may hereafter become due and owing, by the tenant and tenants of the estates of the said Thomas. Charleton, in the same ample and beneficial manner as the said Thomas Charleton, if living, might or could do the same; and that any suit or suits at law or in equity, commenced by the trustees for the time being of the said charity, for the recovery of the rents of the said trust estates, or for any other purposes of the said charity, shall not abate by the deaths or removals of the said trustees, from being sheriffs or members of parliament, or of any of them; and that the trustees for the time being, may continue such suit or suits, in the same manner as if they had been the person or persons commencing such suit or suits.

VII. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said trustees, or any three of them, for the time being, from time

to

The Fortieth Year of George III.

SI

to time, by (indenture under their common seal, to demise or lease any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, vested in them in pursuance of this act, or any part or parcel thereof, for any term or number of years m cities or towns corporate for building, not exceeding the term of forty-one years, and in any other place not exceeding the term of thirty-one years, so a^ipon every such demise or lease, there be reserved and made payable half yearly to the said trustees, and their successors, during the continuance of such lease or leases respectively, as much relit as can at the time of making such lease and leases respectively, be really and bona fide gotten for the same from a solvent tenant, and so as no fine or other consideration be taken for the same, and that every such demise or lease be made in possession and not in reversion.

VIII. And be it further enacted, by the authority afore- Leases made said, That all leases made of said lands, tenements, or here- otherwise shall ditaments, in any other manner than as aforesaid, shall be*voW* null and void, to all intents and purposes.

IX. And be it further enacted, by the authority afore- a public act said. That this act shall be deemed, taken and allowed in

all courts of justice in this kingdom, as a public act, with-»

out specially pleading the same; saving nevertheless to the king's most excellent Majesty, his heirs and successors, and saving the right to all other person and persons, bodies politic and corpo- of his Majesty) rate, their respective heirs, successors, executors and admini- strators, (other than and except the tenants of the said estates and lands of the said Thomas Charleton, ) all such right, title, estate and interest, both in law and equity, as they or'any of them had, could, or ought to have of, in, to, or out of the aforesaid lands, tenements, hereditaments and premises, in and by this act vested for the purposes herein mentioned, as fully to all intents and purposes as if this act never had been made, any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

CHAP. XXXVI.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual several Acts heretofore passed in this Kingdom, for the true making of Woollen Cloth, called and known by the Name of Cnd I)rapery.

lecture ^HEREAS ^rau^ practised in the manufacture of coarse

drapery have greatly en. created.

IV andl8C. s.

woollen goods, under the denomination of old drapery, have greatly encreased during the last ten years, in so much, that if some remedy be not applied to prevent such practices, it is

Srobable that the manufacture will be totally lost to this king-om: And whereas one act passed in this kingdom, in the seventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty, king Charles the second, entitled. An act for the making tf all sorts of woollen cloth, called the old drapery and new sod la and so O drapery, and the true searching and sealing there<f by his Ma-3, ire partly in je*ty*f alnagcr within this kingdom, and one other act passed force, but the in this kingdom, in the nineteenth and twentieth years of the Sienot rc*£n hi8 present Majesty, entitled, An act for the better re-

cient. gutation of the woollen manifacture of this kingdom, which

acts, except so far as they relate to the new drapery, cottons, ^and stockings, and as altered by one other act, passed in the Jtwenty-first and twenty-second years of his Majesty's reign, for repealing parts of the before-mentioned acts, and for other purposes, are now of force in this kingdom, but the regulations in them respectively contained, are found insufficient to prevent the fraudulent manufactures before mentioned, and some further regulations are indispensably necessary, \n order to stop the rapid decline of the manufacture of those goods, and to give encouragement and protection to the fair manufacturer; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this la^aUwwllcnPre8ent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the manufacture* same, That from and after the first day of November, in the caU^ old drape-year one thousand eight hundred, all saleable and vendible length and of*half-cloths, forest cloths, frizes, kersies, rugs, ratteens, breadth, and flannels, plaidings, bays, carpetings, and all goods what-shall contain the soever, whether twilled or otherwise, which are made of tSradfand bars w00*> or partly of wool, and are commonly called and herein ap- known by the name of old drapery, which shall be made, pointed. manufactured, vended, sold, or -exposed, or offered to sale

in this kingdom, shall be of the length and breadth, and

shall

bj

The Fortieth Year of George III. 53

shall contain the number of threads and beers in the warp thereof herein mentioned, declared, and appointed for the same, and shall not be made, manufactured, vended, sold, exposed, or offered to sale, in pieces of a greater length, or of a less breadth, and shall contain in the threads of the warp thereof, the hill number of threads at the least herein also mentioned, declared, and appointed, of and for the same, that is to say, all cloths, called narrow cloths and nwrow and forest cloths, to be woven in pieces, not exceeding in length fore8tcloltf* sixty yards each piece, and not to exceed that length when cut from or taken out of the loom, and the warp of every such piece to contain twenty-two beers at the least, each beer containing forty threads, so that there be at least eight hundred and eighty threads in the warp of every such piece, and every such piece to be of the full breadth of one yard and one eighth part of a yard, or forty inches and an half at the least, within the lists in the loom, and when taken thereout; all ratteens and other species of coarse ntmn* and twilled goods, to be woven in pieces not exceeding in other coane length sixty yards each piece, and not to exceed that length twilled goods, when cut from, or taken out of the loom, and the warp of every such piece to contain twenty-two beers at the least, each been containing forty threads, so that there be at least eight hundred and eighty threads in the warp of every such piece, and every such piece to be of the full breadth of one yard and one eighth part of a yard, or forty inches and an half at the least, within the lists in the loom, and when taken thereout; all frizes and other species of § coarse wool- frJ len goods of like description or kind, by whatever name coarse woollen*denominated or called, or to be denominated or called, to be good* of like woven in pieces, not exceeding in length eighty yards each piece, and not to exceed that length when cut from, or taken out of the loom, and the warp of every such piece to contain twenty two beers at the least, each beer containing forty threads, so that there be at least eight hundred and eighty threads in the warp of every such piece, and every such piece to be of the full breadth of one yard, and one-eighth part of a yard, or forty inches and an half at the least within the lists in the loom, and when taken thereout; all kersies to* be woven in pieces, not exceeding eighty yards each piece, and not to exceed that length when cut kerrie* from, or taken out of the loon; and the warp of every such piece to contain fifty beers at the least, each beer containing fprty threads, so that there be at least two thousand threads

in the warp of every such piece, and every such piece to be of the full breadth of two yards and an hajf, or ninety inches at the least within the lists in the lqoip, and when taken thereout; all flannel*, plaidings, and other woollen flannel*, plaid* goods of like description or kind, by whatever name den

minated like description*

' by

54

The Fortieth Ytar of George III.

minated or called, to be woven in pieces not exceeding in length one hundred and twenty yarns each piece, and not to exceed that length when cut from, or taken out of the loom, and the warp of every such piece to contain twenty beers at the least, each beer containing forty threads, so that there be at least eight hundred threads in the warp of every such piece, and every such piece to be of the full breadth of twenty-eight inches at the least, when the same shall be properly Bcowered and dried.

Afterl Hot H* And be it enacted, That if any person or persons shall 1800, any of the manufacture, sell, or expose to sale any of die aforesaid aforesaid wool* woollen cloths, not made conformable to the lengths, nadeaccM^nc breadths, and rules aforesaid, or if any piece of woollen todirectionf may cloth, of what nature or description whatsoever, that shall be seized, if of- have a seam in it, or that shall be thicker or finer at the fbwritapoMe*- or m any other part of the piece, than throughout the aionofaaye#" whole of the body of such piece, or which shall not be clothier, weaver, of eaual fineness and thickness throughout every part of the dyw', theerman, length and breadth of such piece, shall be vended, sold, or exposed to sale within this kingdom, after the said first day of November, one thousand eight hundred, or shall be found in the possession of any clothier, weaver, dyer, sheerman, manufacturer, shop-keeper, petty* chapman, dealer or retailer for sale, then and in any of such cases the same shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any deputy or substitute funager, or other person lawfully authorized thereunto, and that all goods so seized, shall be sold by public auction, one half to go to the Dublin Society, and the other half to the informer.

III. And whereas by the said act of the nineteenth and twentieth of his present Majesty, it is enacted, That every clothier and maker of broad cloth shall, at the time of mak-

ing, weave, stamp, or sew into the head of the cloth, in distinct letters in words, plainly to be read at length, his name arid place of abode, and every maker of narrow woollen cloth, the initial letters of his Christian and surname, and the place of his abode, be it enacted, that from and after Name and place the 8^d first day of November, one thousand eight hundred, wovenorsewed clothier, or maker of cloth, whether broad or narrow,

in each end of shall, at the time of making weave, or sew in with coarse every piece of woolTen yarn, of a colour different and distinct from the eloth|and*t£*eW c0?011* the piece into each end of the piece, his name and shoots of west surname, and place of abode, in words plain and legible, of a different atjfull length, and shall weave at each end of every such colour. piece of cloth, whether broad or narrow, at a distance not

1 ess than half an inch from the ends thereof, three shoots at.least of west, of a coarser kind than the west used in the

piece.

55

The Fortieth Year of George III.

piece, and of a colour different and distinct from the colour^ of the.piece.

IV. And be it enacted, That if any person whatsoever. Penalty for over shall, after the said first day of November, one thousand stretching or eight hundred, stretch or strain, or cause or procure to be stretched or strained, any whole or long clotn, or any half cloth, more than in the proportion of one yard, and one quarter of a yard in length, in every twenty yards of the length thereof, or more than in the proportion of one inch in every twelve inches of the breadth thereof, then and in such case every person so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall, for every quarter of a yard in length, such cloth shaft be overstretched, forfeit and pay the sum of ten shillings, and for every inch in breadth such cloth shaft be everstretched, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty shillings.

V. And for the better and more easy discovery of the un- Tenters to be due stretching and straining of cloth, be it enacted, ThatSaAedwb«L every owner or proprietor of any tenter 01 tenters in this in, penalty ^xo kingdom, shall, and he, she, and they, is, and are hereby per tenter, required to measure such tenter or tenters as shall be made

use offor tentering of cloth, and to mark and number in figures, plain and fair to be seen, the true length of yards, computing thirty-seven inches to each yard of each tenter or tenters, beginning at number one, and so continuing to the end thereof^ marking and numbering each yard plainly and distinctly to be seen upon the top bar belonging to'each tenter on the foreside thereof; and if any such tenter or tenters shall, after the said first day of Movember, one thousand eight hundred, be found not to be measured, and truly marked and numbered as aforesaid, the owner or occupier of, such tenter or tenters, shall forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds sterling for each tenter that shall be found not so numbered and marked as aforesaid.

VI. And be it enacted, That no person or persons hold-£io penalty for ing, occupying, or using any tenter or tenters, shall have,

keep, or use any such tenter or tenters with a lower bar for over-stretch-pin, ring, wrench, ring-head, crown-rope, engine, or device ing on tenters, whatsoever, whereby or by means whereof the cloth placed, or to be placed in such tenter or tenters, can or may be overstretched, and that every person and persons holding, occupying, or using any tenter or tenters, and having in his or her possession, or using any such instrument, engine, of device, shaft forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds sterling for each and every such instrument, engine, or other matter, in his or her possession, that can or may be used for the purposes aforesaid.

VII. And be it enacted, That from and after the said first Put"

day of November, one thousand eight hundred, no clothier chak, 0&c!in

or woollen cloth.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

r other person whatsoever, shall put, or cduse, or suffer to be put into any woollen cloth any flocks, chalk, flour, starch, or any other deceivable matter or thing, upon pain to forfeit such cloth, in or upon which such flocks or other deceivable thing shall be put, and also the sum of twenty pounds sterling for every piece of cloth in which such flocks or other deceivable thing shall be put.

What is pre-

VIII. And whereas by the said act, passed in the seven-scribed by 17 teenth and eighteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty, ^oncbvaina, Charles second, his Majesty's alnager, constituted as per or deputy, therein mentioned^ is authorized and required, from time to time, by himself or his sufficient deputy or deputy's substitute or substitutes, to measure, view, try, weigh, and search all cloths, and other commodities therein enumerated, before they be offered for sale, whether they be of the length* breadth, and weight therein limited ana appointed, and be made, wrought, and dressed, without straining or stretching, and in case upon such measuring, viewing, trying, searching, and weighing, if the same be found to be good, lawful, and merchantable ware, to search or mark the same, as in the said act mentioned; and if the 6ame be found not to be merchantable, good, and lawful ware, but defective and deceitfully wrought and made, then to cut and j^g the same at-both ends thereof, to note the same defect, without any seal or other mark, and if any of the said goods therein enumerated, to be wrought or made withiiv this kingdom, shall he offered or put to sale, or shipped for exportation, before they shall ne measured, tried, searched, and viewed by the said alnager, his deputy, or deputy's substitute or substitutes, and shall be by him, them, or some, of them approved or, allowed, and sealed and marked in manner by the said act

appointed to be good and merchantable, then such goods Further duty of shall be forfeited. And whereas by the said recited act, prescribed by*' P888^ in the riinteenth and twentieth years of his present and 20 G. 3. Majesty's reign, every such deputy alnager or substitute, is required to measure all cloths ana other goods therein described, called the old drapery, while the same are fully wet, and previous to their being' put upon the tenters, and immediately after to affix a seal on one end of every such cloth, and to stamp in words and figures plainly to be read and.distinguished thereupon, his name and the length and breadth of such cloth, together with the number of such cloth go sealed by him, commencing each twenty-fifth day of March, with number oi>e; and immediately after such cloth shall be measured, sealed, and stamped, to enter'in a book to be kept by such deputy or substitute, the name and place of abode of the maker, and the colour and sort of cloth, together with tiff length, breadth* and qumhe$ yp the sea), which book

?ha}\

The Fortieth Year of George III.

shall be returned to the alnage office, as in said act directed,

such seal to be called, the water seal, and it is by said act

provided, that nothing therein contained Should take away,

or be construed to supersede the necessity of the said alnage

seal prescribed by the said act of the seventeenth and

eighteenth of Charles the second; be it enacted, that from

and after the said first day of November, one thousand eight hundred, his Majesty's alnager shall, from time to time, by Alnager or do*

himself, qr his sufficient deputy or deputies, substitute or puty shall ex*.

substitutes, view and examine each and every piece of nar- !lniifoctun£

row cloth, frize, ratteen, kersey, flannel, and plaiding in the in protesso?

loom, and in the process of manufacture, and shall reckon manufacture,

the number of beers and threads in the warp of every such.,. y.contrary to this

piece, and in case on any such examination and reckoning, act shall be

such alnager, deputy or substitute, shall find that the num seized and sold, ber of beers, and threads in the warp of any such piece, is less than the number of beers and threads hereby required and directed to be in such piece, or shall find that the said piece is not fairly and honestly made, pursuant to the directions herein contained, then the clother, worker, or maker of every such cloth, or the person or persons in whose possession the same shall be, snail forfeit all and every such piece of cloth, or materials in the loom for making such doth, and that all goods so seized, shall be sold by public auction, one-half to go to the Dublin Society, and the other half to the informer.

IX. And be it enacted, That the said deputy or substitute Deputy alnagenr alnagers shall, and they are hereby required to be daily em- to inspect loom*, ployed in visiting and inspecting the several looms, mills, Cm tenters, tenter-grounds, workshops and places within the respective districts allotted to them, where any woollen cloth

snail be woven, milled, dressed, or tentered.

X. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful power* of defer every such deputy, or substitute alnager, from time to puty-alnager* to time, as occasion shall reqqire, in the day time, to enter |^.e, ^i*ea^cll, into any shop or shops, room or rooms, where any loom is

rented, out-house or out-houses, tenter grounds or ware* houses, in like manner as such deputy or substitute alnager are now by law empowered to ao respectively, there to search for any woollen cloth which he shall know or suspect to be in the process of sizing, weaving, milling, or to be on the tenters, or in any other process of the manufacture, or which he shall suspect not tq have the number of beers and threads in the warp thereof herein directed, or to be stretched or strained more than one yard and one quarter for each twenty in length, or more than one inch for each twelve inches in breadth, and for better discovering and preventing such abuses, to count apd reckon the threats and beers in the } warp

The Fortieth Year of George III.

£10 penalty for resisting alnager.

Instead of the oath prescribed by 19 and 20 G. 3. to be taken by deputy alnager, the following shall be taken-

warp of every such cloth, and to inspect and measure or cause to be inspected and measured every such cloth, and in case of resistance or refusal by any person to permit and suffer such deputy or substitute alnager to enter the said places, or any of them, for the purposes aforesaid, or being therein to perform the said duty hereby required of him, the person or persons resisting or refusing, shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds sterling, on conviction thereof before any one justice of the peace of the county or county of a city where the offence was committed.

XL. And whereas by the said recited act, passed in the nineteenth and twentieth years of his present Majesty, it, is enacted, That every deputy or substitute to be appointed by his Majesty's alnager in manner therein directed, shall before he shall enter upon his said duty, take and subscribe the oath therein inserted, before some one of his Majesty's justices of the peace in this kingdom, be it enacted, That each and every such deputy or substitute already appointed by his Majesty's alnager, shall within one month after the passing of this act, instead of the oath prescribed by the nineteenth and twentieth of his present Majesty, take and subscribe the oath following, before some one of his Majesty's justices of peace in this kingdom, and each and every deputy or substitute hereafter to be appointed by his Majesty's alnager, in manner by the said act directed, shall instead of the oath prescribed by the said recited act, before he shall enter upon his said duty, take mid subscribe the following oath before one of his Majesty's justices of peace in this kingdom, videlicet.

I A.B. do swear, that I will faithfully, honestly, and impartially, according to the best of my skill and knowledge, execute the office of a deputy or substitute alnager, searcher, measurer, or inspector of woollen manufactures, called or known by the name of old drapery, within the district for which I have been appointed, according to the laws now in force for that purpose.

Deputy alnager shall be discharged upon proof of his keeping a public house, misbehaving, or neglecting duty.

XII. And be it enacted, That if any deputy or substitute alnager, shall during the time he shall hold, exercise, or enjoy the said office, keep a public house for the sale of ale, beer, spirituous or other liquors, or shall be guilty of any misbehaviour or neglect of duty in his office, and shall be thereof convicted by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before-any one or more justices of the peace of the county or county of a city where such deputy or substitute alnager resides or acts in said office, it shall and may be lawful to and for the justices assembled at the quarter sessions

The Fortieth Year of George III. 59

in and for said county or city next after such conviction, and they are hereby required on the production of such conviction, or due proof thereof^ to discharge and remove such deputy or substitute alnager so convicted from his office, and to certify such discharge and removal to the chief alnager, in order that he may prosecute the said deputy alnager, upon the bond which he has passed to the chief alnager for the due performance of the duties of his office, and such person so convicted and removed from his office for such offence, shall from thenceforth for ever be disabled to hold, exercise, or enjoy the office of deputy or substitute alnager, and the chief alnager shall forthwith appoint another deputy or substitute alnager in his room.

XIII. And whereas by one other act passed in this kingdom, in the twenty-first and twenty-second years of his present Majesty's reign, for repealing so much of the said two acts of the seventeenth and eighteenth of Charles the second, and nineteenth and twentieth years of his present Majesty's, as relate to ^the new drapery, and for other purposes, it is enacted, That no higher subsidy, measuring and sealing fee Should be paid on all parts of the old drapery, other than broad cloth than is in the said act specified: And whereas the trouble and duty of die alnager is by the regula- Juty of ataager4 tiens herein contained much encreased, and it is reasonable u encreased: that the fee to him or his deputy, or substitute, Should be encreased in proportion to such encreased trouble; be it enacted, That m addition to the subsidy or duty, measuring and sealing fee, by the said act of the twenty-first and twenty-second years of his present Majesty payable, and to be paid on all parts of the old drapery other than broad cloth, alnager.1 ° there shall be paid, and payable to the alnager, his deputy or substitute, who shall view such goods in the loom, and reckon and count the beers contained in the warp thereof, and inspect the same in the process of manufacture, and perform all the regulations herein directed, the further sum of one half penny farthing sterling for every twenty-four yards contained in each and every piece of half or narrow cloth, forest cloths, ratteens, frizes, kersies or rugs, and so in proportion for any lesser number of yards, and the sum of one penny for every forty-four yards contained in each and every piece of flannel, plaiding, or goods of like description, by whatever name denominated, and so in proportion for any lesser number of yards, the said sums, and each of them, to be demanded, received, and paid to the said alnager, his deputy or substitute, in addition to, and to be levied and recovered, in like manner as the subsidy or duty, and alnage fees, now by law payable, may be demanded, received, taken, paid, levied, and recovered, notwithstanding any thing in the said recited

act

The Fortieth Year o/" George III.

Not to en crease the fees upon broad cloths.

Journeymen, &c.

act of the twenty-first and twenty-second years of his present Majesty's reign, contained to the contrary: Provided that nothing herein contained shall be construed to encrease the subsidy or duty, sealing or measuring fee upon any broad cloths, but that the subsidy duty, sealing and measuring fee thereon, shall remain the same as is now by law established.

XVII. And to prevent oppression of journeymen, work-haii not be paid men, and labourers employed in the said manufacture, be it omm«htie0ther enacte<^> That no master, manufacturer, weaver, sheerman,omm es* dyer, or other person shall pay, or cause to be paid, any journeyman, workman, labourer, or other person employed or engaged in or about the said manufacture, in cloth, or other commodity, in lieu of his wages; and in case any master, mistress, employer, or other person, engaged in the said manufacture, shall not within twenty-four hours after demand, pay every journeyman, workman, and labourer employed by him, her, or them, in or about such manufacture, the wages due to such journeyman, workman, and labourer, or shall offer to pay the same in cloth, or other commodity, it shall and may be lawful for any justice of the peace of the city or county where such master, mistress, or employer resides, and such justice is hereby required on application to him made for that purpose, to summon such master, mistress, or employer before him, and to examine the parties on oath, and if he finds it necessary to summon ana examine witnesses on oath concerning the matter in contro-, vprsy between such master, mistress, or employer, and such Sic. he may issue journeyman, workman, or labourer, and if on such enquiry le^ywages*and lt aPPear to such magistrate that such master, mistress, recompence by or employer did omit or refuse to pay the wages by him or her dbtreu. clue to such journeyman, workman, or labourer, or did offer

to pay the same in cloth or other commodity, then such justice shall and may forthwith order such master, mistress, or employer to pay the same, and in case the same shall not be paid in twenty-four hours afterwards, such magistrate shall issue his warrant to levy by distress and sale of the goods of such master, mistress, or employer, the sum which shall so appear to be due by him, her, or them, to every such journeyman, workman, and labourer, together with such recompence to such journeyman, workman, and labourer, for his lose by the detention of, or omission to pay him such wages, as to such justice shall seem reasonable. sol penalty on

XV. And be it enacted, That frorp and after the passing justices who ne- of tills act, each and every justice and justices of the peace,nder this or an w s^ia^ neglect or refuse to act as a magistrate or

other Vesselafive magistrates, within his or their jurisdiction, upon any com-to the wooiien plaint touching the woollen manufacture, and to execute and

manufacture, on carry ipto effect and execution, this and every other act complaint with- J

in9months; i her etoforu

If it appears on examination before a justice that wages are withheld, or offered in cloth.

61

The Fortieth Year of George III.

heretofore made relative to the said manufacture, shall for t?|n" each and every such wilful neglect. or omission, forfeit the ^SubHa 0tte sum of twenty pounds sterling, one moiety thereof to be Society*

Said to the informer, who shall sue for the same by action of ebt, bill, plaint, or information against such justice of the peace in any court of record in this kingdom, to be commenced or brought within nine months after the o fie nee committed, and the other moiety to the treasurer for the time being, of the Dublin Society for promoting husbandry, and other useful arts in Ireland for the use of said society.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all informations informations to for offences that shall or may be committed against this act, be given witiim or the said former acts, or any of them, shall be made and ^iwovs, of* given within three months after the offence shall be discovered, offence, &c. and all and every such offence shall be enquired of, tried, and determined, and conviction thereon made upon the oath of one or more credible Witness or witnesses, by any one or more justice or justices of the peace, in and for the county, or county of a city, where the offence shall be committed, notice being first given of the charge to the person or per- ^5* chai*^ sons charged therewith, and that Si such penalties and for- feitures as shall or may be levied or recovered, under, or by virtue or reason of this or the said former acts, or any of

them, shall, after deducting the charge of such conviction, go and be disposed of, one half to the person or persons who One half of all shall give information of the offence, on which the conviction penalties shall go shall be made, and the other half to the treasurer for the time iJcTSlier being, of the Dublin Society, for promoting husbandry and Dublin Society, other useful arts in Ireland, for the use of the said society, the latt<; r° ?e and that such part thereof as shall be payable to the trea [fc^'and tran^* surer of said society, shall be received by the justice or mittedimme-justices of the peace, before whom such conviction shall be diately to trvaro-made, and by him or them remitted without delay to the trea- society.U surer of said society, ajid the receipt or discharge of such treasurer shall be a sufficient discharge to such justice or justices, mid such justice or justices before whom any such conviction shall be made, shall within three months after such account*°oUoL conviction shall be made, shall within three months after such victions within conviction, send, 1 or cause to be sent, an account of such three mo^thi. conviction to the treasurer of said society.

XVII. And be it enacted, That in case any person or persons who shall or may be convicted as aforesaid, of any offence or offences against this act, or the said former acts, or any of them, shaft not immediately pay the penalty herein, or in the said recited acts, payable for such offence, such justice or justices, before whom such conviction shall be made, shall forthwith issue his or their warrant to levy such penalty or penalties by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such offender or offenders, and in case such offender or

offender* 7


Where distress is not sufficient, offender may be committed.

Recited act of 17 and 18 C. 2. 19 and 20 G. 3. {except as here in) shall continue In force.

Deputy alnager* to attend at nrtt general sessions every year, and give in returns as herein directed, which shall be kept amongst records:

deputy alnager shall be rendered incapable, and forfeit 10L if he neglects.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

offenders shall not have goods and chattels sufficient whereout such penalty or penalties can or may be levied, such Justice or justices shall by warrant commit such offender or offenders to the common gaol of the county, or county of a city, where the offence was committed, there to remain without bail or mainprize for any term not less than one month, nor exceeding three months, that such justice or justices shall think fit to order and direct, unless such penalty or penalties shall be sooner paid or satisfied.

XVIII. And be enacted, That the said several recited acts, passed in the seventeenth* and etghteenth years of the reign of King Charles the second^ nineteenth and twentieth years of the reign of his present Majesty, and the twenty-first and twenty-second years of his said present Majesty* reign, and every clause in theil&. contained, which at the time of the passing of this act were of force in this kingdom, (save only as the same are hereby altered or varied) shall be and remain in full force, as if this act had not been made.

XIX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every deputy alnager shall attend at the first general sessions of the peace in every year, to be held in and for the county in which he resides, and shall then and there give in a return to the clerk of the peace of the quantity and number of

Eieces and yards, distinguishing the particular kinds that he as measured and sealed within the last year, and also specifying what quantity has been seized or forfeited, and what frauds he has discovered within the last year, which return of the deputy alnager shall be kept by the clerk of the peace, amongst the records of the county, and in case the deputy alnager shall neglect to give in the said return in manner herein before mentioned, he shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds, and be rendered for ever incapable of acting a deputy alnager.

i

CAPJ

63

The Fortieth Year of George III. CHAP. XXX VIL

An Act for paving, cleansing, and lighting, and improving the several Streets, Squares, Lanes, ana Passages vaithin

the Town of Belfast, in Me County of Antrim, anrfybr removing and preventing all Encroachments, Obstructions, anrf Annoyances therein; anrf afoo for establishing and maintaining a nightly Watch throughout the said Town and Precincts thereof, and for other Purposes.

Whereas the town of Belfast is a very populous market Preamble, town and borough, and hath of late years greatly increased in buildings, and is yearly increasing in number of inhabitants, commerce and wealth. And whereas the several Streets, squares, lanes and passages within the said town, are at present extremely ill paved and ill lighted, and the passengers are much incommoded by encroachments, obstructions, nuisances, and annoyances. And whereas it would tend greatly to promote the trade of the said town, and the general prosperity, convenience, health, comfort, iand security of all the inhabitants thereof, and other persons resorting thereto, if the streets, squares, lanes and passages were well paved, cleansed and lighted, and so kept, and all encroachments, obstructions, nuisances, and annoyances therein removed and prevented, and a well regulated nightly watch established ana maintained throughout the said town and precincts thereof, but the same cannot be effectuated without the aid and authority of parliament; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, ami by the authority of the same, that the sovereign and burgesses Commissioners of the town and borough of Belfast, for the time being, to- under thk act.

f ether with Hugh Montgomery, William Sinclair, Valentine ones, the younger, Thomas Ludford Stewart, Robert Bradshaw, Narcissus Batt, William Clarke, Hugh Crawford,

George Joy, John Houston, Edward M'Cormick, and John Turnley, all of Belfast aforesaid, esquires, and their successors, to be from time to time elected in manner herein after*mentioned, shall be, and they are hereby constituted and appointed of for the purpose of carrying this act into execution.

H. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That whenever the said Hugh Montgomery, William Sinclair,

Valentine Jones, the younger, Thomas Ludford Stewart,

Robert Bradshaw, Narcissus Batt, William Clarke, Hugh

Crawford,

Die'by

*v

The Fortieth Year of George III.

Crawford, George Joy, John Houston, Edward M'Cormicky and John Turnlev, or any of them, or any other person or persons who shall or may at any time hereafter be elected a commissioner or commissioners in the place or stead of them H*w future the said Hugh Montgomery, William Sinclair, Valentine

J°ne8> Thomas Ludford Stewart, Robert Bradshaw, Narcissus Batt, William Clarke, Hugh Crawford, George Joy, John Houston, Edward McCormick, and John Turnley, or, any of them, or their or any of their successors, to be elected and appointed of in manner herein after mentioned shall depart this life, or shall resign, or refuse to act as a commissioner, or shall cease to be a resident householder or resident householders within the said town of Belfast, or within the precincts thereof, then and in any of the said cases, and so often as the same shall happen, the sovereign of the said town for the time being shall, and he is hereby required to give fourteen days public notice thereof in writing, ported on the market-house in the said town, and to summon in such notice all the inhabitants of the said town, who shall stand assessed to the parish rates, at the sum of twenty shillings, to meet upon a certain day, and at a certain hour and place, to be appointed by him in such notice, for the election of a successor or successors, to fill the vacancy or vacancies occasioned by such death, resignation, or refusal to act as a commissioner or of of such person or persons, or by his or their ceasing to be a resident householder or resident householders as aforesaid.

III. And in case any difference of opinion shall arise among the said inhabitants respecting the nomination of the person or persons to be elected by them to fill such vacancy or vacancies, the same shall be determined by the votes of a 'majority of the said inhabitants then and there assembled, and when, and so soon as such successor or successors shall have been so elected, he and they shall be entitled to act as a commissioner or of, and shall have, and be invested with the like powers and authorities as are hereby given to any of the of herein before appointed for carrying this act into execution, as fully and effectually' to all intents and purposes, as if he or they had been specially named in this act; provided always, that no person, save and except the sovereign and burgesses of the corporation of Belfast, hereafter to be elected a commissioner to fill any vacancy occasioned in manner aforesaid, shall be capa-Sected here^in£ hie of being so elected, or be qualified to act as a commissioner, who shall not be a householder and resident within the town of Belfast or precincts thereof, and shall not have been such for twelve calendar months, immediately before the time of such election; and for the better effectuating the purposes of this act, be it further enacted, That the inhabit tants, householders of the town of Belfast aforesaid, resident

within

The Fortieth Year of George III. Q§

within the said town and precincts thereof^ assessed to the amount aforesaid, shall assemble at a vestry, 'to be called by 21 persona.rfwll the vicar of the said parish, or in case of his absence, ill be elected to b« health, or death, by the curate thereof, in the usual manner of calling vestries upon the second Thursday after the passing tioners, as here* this act, or within eight days then after; and also on the se- in directed, cond Thursday in the month of February in every year after* wards, between the hours of ten in the morning and two in the afternoon, and shall elect and appoint any number of persons being householders, resident in the said town of Bel-

fast, not exceeding twenty-one, nor less than nine, to be a committee, and such persons so elected and appointed shall be, and they are hereby constituted and appointed a committee for assisting the said of in carrying this act into execution, and for the superintendance of all the works to be carried on and performed, by virtue of this act, and for making the rates or applotments upon the inhabitants of the said town, and examining the bills and accounts of1 the several persons to be employed under the powers of this act, and for certifying to the of such bills, and other allowances for payment, as they shall find to be fair and just, or objecting to the payment of such as shall be found otherwise (the salaries allowed by the of to their officers, and the contingent expences of the commission only excepted) on which certificates for payment, but not without it, the said of, or any three or more of them shall, from time to time, when they have approved of such bills, order the same to be paid

IV. And be it further enacted, That no person shall be Qualification of capable of being elected a commissioner by virtue of this commmioner* act, or shall be qualified to act as ouch, unless he shall in his own right, or m right of his wife, be in the actual possession or receipt of the rents and profits to his own use, of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, either freehold or leasehold, of the clear yearly value of one hundred pounds, or be possessed of, or then entitled to a personal estate to the amount or value of two thousand pounds, or be a member of parliament, or heir apparent of a peer or lord of parliament; and that no Qualification of {person shall be capable of being elected or appointed a com- comlJuttee men* mittee man by virtue of this act, or shall be qualified to act as such, unless he shall be then resident, and a householder in the said town of Belfast, and seized and possessed of a real or personal estate together, of the value of one thousand pounds; and that all and every election or elections of any person or persons so herein before declared to be incapable of being elected as aforesaid, shall be absolutely null and void, and the several persons herein before empowered to elect, shall proceed to a new election or elections, as if such election or elections so declared void had not been made.

Vol. XII. E V. Provided

Sovereign tad

b^rgeMet thtU be always of*

No commissioner or committee man shall hold a place of profit, or be interested in contracts or works under this act, penalty oncommiss* =£100, on com* man SOI

Meetings and adjournments of committee.

The Fortieth Year qfXxeorge III.

V. Provided always nevertheless, and-it is hereby enacted and declared, that the sovereign and burgesses of the said town and borough of Belfast for the time being, shall at all times hereafter ne of for putting this act into execution, and that the being sovereign and burgess shall be ar sufficient qualification to them and every of them, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no person who shall be elected a commissioner, or who is specially nominated such in and < by this act, shall be capable of acting as such, who shall hold any office of profit relative to, or have any share, or be any way interested or concerned in any contract or work to be done in or about the execution of any of the powers of this act, nor shall any person to be elected a committee man as aforesaid be capable of acting as a committee man, who shall hold any office of profit relative to, or have any share, or be any way interested or concerned in any contract or work to be done by virtue or in pursuance of this present act, but every such commissioner and committee man shall in any or either of such cases, so long as he shad hold such office, or be so interested or concerned as aforesaid, be disqualified to act as a commissioner or committee man, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and in case any person who. shall be elected a commissioner not being qualified, or any person specially'nominated such, in and by this act becoming so disqualified as aforesaid for a commissioner, shall nevertheless presume to act as a commissioner in the execution of this act, every such person shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds to any person or persons who shall sue for the same; and case any such person not being qualified, or becoming so disqualified as aforesaid for a committee man, shall nevertheless presume to act as committee man, every such person shall for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds to any person or persons who snail sue for the same, such respective forfeitures to be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record by action or debt, -hill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoign, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed, in all which actions or suits the person so sued or prosecuted shall be put to prove his qualification, and that he is not disqualified as aforesaid, in default whereof a verdict shall be found against him for the said respective penalties, upon proof given to the satisfaction of the court and jury, of his having acted as a com-

-missioner or committee man, as the case may be.

VII. And be it further enacted, Thajt the committee to be appointed in manner aforesaid, shall meet in the vestry-room, or 3pme other usual place of meeting in the said town of Belfast, within fourteen days after they shall have been chosen ns aforesaid, and shall and may adjourn from time to

time

The Fortieth year of George III. " 07

v time, and meet at the same, or at any other place within the said town or the precincts thereof, as often as they shall think fit, and they, or any five or more of them at such meet- powerg Of ing shall have authority, and are hereby empowered to see mittee. that all contracts which shall be made and entered into for paving, lighting, and cleansing the said town of Belfast or the precincts thereof, are well and duly performed and carried m to execution, according to the spirit, terms and conditions of such contracts, and they are also hereby authorized and empowered to examine into, and to hear all complaints which shall be made to or brought before them by any of the inhabitants or any other person or persons against any contractor or contractors, or other person employed, and to examine witnesses upon oath, (which oath the said committee or any five or more of them at such meetings, are hereby authorized and empowered to administer) and such commit-. tee men, or any five or more of them, shall survey the works, or enquire into the matters which are the subject of the complaint, and report the same, and the depositions so taken to the said of at their next or second meeting after such complaint made, and survey taken or enquiry made, and upon such report being made to the said of, they the said of shall, and they are hereby required from time to time to impose a fine or fines upon evenr such contractor for non-performance of his contract, accord- m

ing to the nature and degree of the offence; and if it shall clerk tosnm-happon that five or more of such committee men shall not at- mon committee tend at any meeting which shall be appointed to, or be had attend!"'or held, then and in such case the clerk to such committee shall, and he is hereby required to summon the whole committee to meet at the place where the last meeting was appointed within eight days then next following, and such committee shall at ml their meetings bear their own expences, but no act of any such committee shall be valid, unless the same is made or done at a meeting of five at least of such committee men, Qnd all the powers and authorities by this act granted to or vested in such committees, shall and may from time to time be exercised by the major part of the committee men who shall attend at any public meeting to be holden as herein before mentioned, the number of such committee men present at such meeting not being less than five, and all the orders and proceedings of the major part of such committee men so assembled, shall have the same force and effect as if done or made by all the committee men for the time being.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said committee, or the major part of man, clerk, sur-them, at any meeting to be held in pursuance of this act, at veyors and coi-which meeting five committee men or more shall be present, ^ciTrity^m*6 to appoint a chairman from time to time, and also to appoint collectors, and 4 E 2 a clerk

6i

The Fortieth Year of George III.

may remove, appoint salaries, Ac. Ac.

Cfierk, surveyor or collector, accepting a fee, or concerned in any contract under this act, shall beinca-pabk, and shall forfeit 1001

Surveyors elected annually, and salaries coji-firmed by corrt-missioned.

a cterk, and one or more surveyor or surveyors, collector or collectors, and that such committee so met, or the major part of them, shall and do take such security from such collector or collectors for the due execution of such their respective offices as the said committee shall think proper, and may likewise from time to time remove such clerk, surveyor or collectors, and to appoint others in the room of such of them as shall be so removed or shall die, and shall and may appoint such salaries and other allowances to them, for and in consideration of his and their trouble in executing his or their office and offices respectively, and also such allowances to such other person or persons as shall be aiding and assisting in and about the execution of this act, as the said, committee shall think reasonable, all which salaries and allowances shall be paid from time to time as the same shall become due and payable in manner herein after directed, and every such committee may discontinue such office, and not fill np the vacancy to be occasioned by the death or removal of any surveyor or collector, whenever the major part of such committee men, so met as aforesaid, shall think such office unnecessary; but if any person so to be appointed clerk, surveyor, or collector, shall exact, take, or accept any fee or reward whatsoever other than such salaries and allowances as shall be appointed, allowed, and approved of by the said committee so met, or the major part of them, for or on account of any thing $lone, or to be done, by virtue of this act, or on any account whatsoever relative to carrying this act into execution, or shall be any w-ays concerned or beneficially interested in any contract or bargain made, or to be made relative to, or for the purposes of this act, every such p'erson so offending in any such case, shall be for every incapable of serving under this act, and shall over and above forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds to any person or persons who shall site for the same by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record, within six calendar months next after the offence committed, in which suit no essoign, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed; provided always, that such surveyor or surveyors shall be elected annually, and that the salary of each such surveyor shall be allowed and confirmed by the of, or any five or more of them, at any of their meetings.

\X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the acts, orders, and proceedings of the said committees, shall from time to time be entered in books to be kept for those purposes, by the' clerk to the said committee for the time being, and shall be signed by the chairman of the committee at the next meeting, and all such orders so'sisned, shall be deemed and taken to be original orders, and shall and may be produced and read in evidence in all courts whatsoever,

2

The fortieth year of George III. 60

soever, but no act or orders of any committee shall be valid, unless done or made at some meeting to be held in pursuance of this act; and all such books and proceedings of the said committee shall and may be perused and inspected at all sea*

sonable times by the said of, pr by their clerk in*pe«i*4 for the time being, or by such other person or persons as the said of shall appoint for that purpose, who may also take copies thereof, or make extr^cte therefrQtn, without paying fee or reward.

X. And be it further enacted, That the paid of or any five or more of them, or in case of their refusal, the sovereign, and any two of the burgesses of the corporation of Belfast, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized wiio shall order and empowered from time t to time to order and direct, the paying, flag- how, and in what manner, and with what materials all or any of the streets, lanes, or other places within the said* ean^*town of Belfast, or the precincts thereof, shall be new paved,

Bagged, or repaired, and what number of lamps shall be put up and kept lighted therein, and how the same shall be placed, and how often and in what manner the same streets, lanes, and places shall be cleansed, and the soil, filth/and dirt thereof shall be removed and disposed of, and shall signify such their orders and directions in writing, to the said committee, by causing: a copy or copies of every such order and directions to be delivered to, or left with the clerk of such committee, who shall, and he is hereby required to lay the same before the committee at their next meeting.

XL. And be it further enacted, That every such com-Public noticeto mittee shall, within one calendar month after any such or- given to receive der or direction shall be laid before them by the said cotnmis- proposals for sioners, cause ten days previous notice to be given Jby adver-paving'* tisement in some or one of the newspapers, published in the said town of Belfast, that such committee wiH meet at a time and place to be expressed in such advertisement, to receive proposals from any person or persons willing to contract for paving, or repairing, lighting, and cleansing the particular streets, lanes, or other places so ordered ana di*ected>by the said of to be paved or repaired, lighted and cleansed, agreeable to such orders and directions; and "the said committee, or the major part of them present at £uch meeting, in case five or more shall /be present thereat, shall and may, and they are hereby empowered from/tim^to time Committee may ^to enter into any contract or contracts in writing, with riny contract for 1tp erson or persons, for repairing, or for paving, flagging Paving, &c. and keeping in repair, lighting, and cleansing aH or.any such streets, Janes, or places so ordered and directed to be repaired, paved, lighted, and cleansed, every such contract to specify the several works to fie done, the prices to be paid for the same, and the time or times when or within which the said works are to be compleated, and the forfeitures or

penalties

ed

7t The Fortieth Year of George III.

penalties to be borne or suffered for the non-performance thereof, and which contract or contracts being signed by the Contracts to be major part of such committee men at such meeting as afore-€omm?ssioners, sa*d, by the person or persons contracting to perform tobe confirmed such works shall, together with a true copy thereof attested or avoided. by the clerk, and also together with the original proposals, and copies of all minutes and other proceedings of the committee relative thereto, be transmitted to and laid before the of at their next meeting, which contract or contracts being confirmed by writing, under the hands of the said of, or any five or more of them, being the majority at- such meeting, or any other subsequent meeting within one month then next, such contract and the proposed on which the same is founded, shall be returned to the committee clerk within seven days from the time of such confirmation; and if such contract or contracts shall be so con-; firmed, then and not otherwise the same shall be valid and effectual in law, and be enforced by action at law, or according to the tenor or true meaning thereof, but every such contract not so confirmed within the time last aforesaid, shall be void and of no effect, and the said parties thereto shall from thenceforth be absolutely released and discharged of, and from the same, and every covenant, promise, undertaking, and agreement therein contained both at law and in equity, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as if the same had never been made, and then and in such case the said committee shall and may again advertise for proposals in manner aforesaid, and enter into any new contract or contracts, and transmit the -same with the copy or copies thereof for confirmation in manner aforesaid, together with all the proposals and proceedings of the committee relative thereto, and such new contract or contracts shall and may be confirmed or avoided by the said commisr sioners, in the same or like manner, and such action or other proceedings shall or may be had thereon as is herein before enacted or directed as to the said first contracts.

Penalties for

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, breaking lamps, That if any person or persons shall wilfully or maliciously , break, throw down, or extinguish any lamp erected for the purpose of lighting any street, lane, passage or quay of said town or suburbs, or wilfully damage the posts, irons, or other furniture thereunto belonging, it shall be lawful for any person to arrest and detain the person or persons' found so offending, until such person or persons can be carried before the sovereign of said town, who shall have authority to enquire into and punish such offence, and every person so offending, and convicted upon the oath of one witness, or confession of the party accused, shall for the.first offence forfeit forty shillings, and for the second offence fifty shillings, and for the third and every subsequent

offence

The Fortieth Year of George III. 71

offence three pounds for each lamp post, iron, or furniture thereof so broken, thrown down, extinguised, or wilfully damaged, the same to be recovered and applied in manner as herein after mentioned, to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such party so convicted; and in case any person or persons convicted in manner before described, of breaking, throwing down, or extinguishing any lamp within said town, or wilfully damaging any posts, iron, or other furniture thereof, and no goods or chattels of the person or persons so offending can at the time of such conviction be found, it shall and may be lawful for such sovereign or justice hearing such complaint, to commit such offender to the county gaol for any time not less than one month, and not exceeding six months from the time of his committal, there to remain without bail or mainprize, provided that if such penalty or forfeiture be paid before the time allotted for the confinement of such person shall have expired, such offender shall upon payment thereof be immediately discharged of any such offence; and in case any person or persons shall think himself or themselves aggrieved by the judgment of the said sovereign or chief magistrate, it shall be lawful for such person and per-- "

sons to appeal to the next general or quarter sessions of the Apt>eaj to peace, to be held in and for the said county of Antrim, geSions.*and if any such person or persons be then in custody, such person or persons shall be discharged upon entering into sufficient bail before the said sovereign or chief magistrate, for his or their appearance at such sessions, and the justices of such sessions are hereby empowered to summon and examine witnesses upon oath on either side', and finally to hear and determine the merits of such appeal, and to make such order thereon agreeable to the meaning of this act, and to the nature and circumstances of the case as to them shall seem fit and reasonable, and in case of conviction, shall and may issue warrants for levying such penalties and forfeitures, and committing to gaol such offender or offenders as the case may require.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Application of said, That all penalties and forfeitures inflicted and levied penalties for by virtue of this act, for wilfully or maliciously breaking breaking lamps, throwing down, or extinguishing any lamp or lamps, to be erected within said town of Belfast, or for wilfully damaging the posts, iron, or other furniture thereof, shall be paid and applied in manner following, that is to say, one moiety or half thereof to the person or persons who shall discover on and prosecute to conviction such offender or offenders, and the other moiety or half theraof, to be paid to the charitable society of the said town of Belfast, for the use of the poor of the said town; and if any person or persons shall steal or forceably carry away any of said

{amps,

n

The Fortieth year of George III.

rteaUflhll^mfor ^amP*» or irons, posts, or other furniture thereof, &c#*p#* and shall be thereof lawfully convicted upon indictment or

information, such person and persons so convicted shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and be transported for seven years, or be publicly whipped at the discretion of the judge, who shall or may try ouch offence or offences.

Duty of survey-

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- That it shall and may be lawful to and for the sur-pav <sa veyor and surveyors to be appointed in manner herein be -fore directed, to survey, view, and inspect all and every the works done, or contracted to be done in pursuance of this act; and also to view the general condition of the pavements of the several streets, lanes and places in the said town of Belfast, and to present and report all defective and bad pavements within the said streets, lanes and places, and thereupon or upon the reasonable complaint and request of any three or more householders in writing under their glands to the said of, such of, or any five or more of them, shall and may cause all and every such defective or bad pavements to be well and sufficiently repaired as soon as conveniently may be, the expence whereof shall be defrayed by and out of the monies to be raised by any rate or rates hereby directed to be made, for the purposes of repairing, cleansing, and lighting the said town; and in case such pavements so presented, reported, or com-Failure in con- plained of, shall have been paved or repaired, under or by tract* for paving. virtue Of any contract for paving and repairing the same, and the paving and repairing thereof shall not have been well and sufficiently performed, according to the intent and meaning of such contract or contracts, or shall not have been finished and compleated at or within the time or times that the same hath or have been agreed by any such contract to be compleated by the contractor or contractors, such surveyor or surveyors shall report the same to the of at their next or any other subsequent meeting, and such of, or any five or more of them, shall and may, by order in writing under their hands, direct an action of debt to be commenced and prosecuted in any of his Majesty's courts of law in* Ireland* against any person or persons so contracting and not performing such contract or contracts, for all or any of the penalty and penalties imposed by such contract or contracts, within one month next alter such report shall be made to the said of, and on proof of the signing the said contract or contracts, and non-per-^urmance*thereof, at the time or times therein for that purpose mentioned, the plaintiff or plaintiffs in every such action shall be entitled to, and shall recover such penalty or penalties, which when received shall be applied to the pur-, poses of this act*

XV. AncJ

The Fortieth Year of George III. % 71

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this act, the right and property of, in and to all and every the pavements inert, the several streets, lanes, and other places within the said town of Belfast, and the precincts thereof, and also of, in and to the lamps, irons, timber, and all other materials and tilings which shall be made use of for the purposes of this act, and of, in and to all and: every the stones, posts, and old materials of every denomination belonging to the old or present, or any future pavement, as well of the carriage ways as of the foot ways within the said town or precincts of Belfast shall be, and the same is and are hereby vested in the of for the time being, for carrying this act into execution; and that such of, or the major part of them, shall and may if they shall so think 'fit* authorize and empower any person or persons with whom any '

contract or contracts shall be entered into as aforesaid, to take all or any part of such stones, posts, lamps, iron, timber, and other materials, at such price or prices as shall be specified in any contract or contracts to be made for that purpose, and to make use of such parts thereof as shall be deemed proper and fit to be made use of, either in new paving or in repairing the several streets, lanes, and other'places in the said town of Belfast, or otherwise the value or price whereof shall be set off by such contractor or contractors in account for the monies agreed to be paid by him or them for completing his or their contract or contracts, and in case such contractor or contractors shall decline or refuse to take the same, or any particular part thereof, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of, or any five or more of them, from time to time, to sell and dispose of such stones or other materials as shall not have been taken by such contractor or contractors, to any other person or persons who shall be willing to purchase the same, and to apply the monies arising by such sale in manner herein after mentioned; and if any person or persons to whom any such stones or other materials shall be JrougL^ainst sold, shall refuse or neglect to pay for the same, for the persons who do space of one month after the sale thereof, or other time li- not pay for m*-mited for payment of such purchase money, it shall and f^1* ommi* may be lawful to and for the said of, or any sioners. five or more of them, being the majority present at any such meeting as aforesaid, to direct and cause an action or actions to be brought and prosecuted in the name of any one of them against any purchaser or purchasers of any such materials for recovery of the monies due and payable for the same, in which action or actions no essoign, protection, or wager of law, ojr more than one imparlance shall be lowed,

7*

The Fortieth Year of George III.

Materials so purchased and

not Removed in a month after notice may be aokl agaiD; although paid for.

Commissioners may take ground.

Indictments to be preferred against persons who steal materials.

Penalties for damaging works

XVI. Provided also, That if the person who shall purchase such stones or other materials, shall neglect or omit to remove the same within one week after notice in writing given him by said of for that purpose, that then and in such case it shall and may be lawful for said of to sell and dispose thereof, to such other person or persons as they shall think fit, notwithstanding the same may then have been paid for, without being liable to refund the price thereof, or any part thereof, or if the same shall not nave been paid for, without prejudice or bar to any action brought, or to be brought by them against such original vendee or vendees for the price agreed to be paid for the same, aihd that such of, or the major part of them present at any such meeting, consisting of five or more as aforesaid, shall and may, and they are hereby also empowered from time to time, if they shall so judge fit and expedient, to hire or take at a relit any sufficient piece of ground whereon to lay all or any of the said stones or other materials, until the same shall be sold, or otherwise disposed of, and to pay the relit of such piece of ground out of the general fund herein after provided for carrying this act into execution; and in case any person or persons shall, without the consent or authority of the said of, or the major part of them present at any such meeting, consisting of five or more as aforesaid, steal, take, or carry away any part of such stones, posts, or other materials, or any other stones, lamps, iron, timber, or other materials, or other things, the property whereof is hereby vested in the said of, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of, or the major part of them at such meeting as aforesaid, to prefer, or cause and direct to be preferred, an indictment or indictments against any person or persons who shall steal, take, or carry away any part of such materials or things, and to prosecute the same to judgment; and if any person or persons shall wilfully or maliciously break, destroy, or otherwise damage or spoil any of the said materials or things, or any works done, or to be done in pursuance of this act, or shall take up any pavement under any pretence whatsoever, without the consent of the said of, or any five 01 more of them at such meeting as aforesaid, except in cases of fire, or alarm of fire, for the purpose of getting water, every such person so offending, and being thereof convicted by the oath of one or more witness or witnesses, before the sovereign of Belfast for the time being, or before any one or more justice or justices of the peace for the said county of Antrim, shall forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding forty shillings, nor less than ten shillings for the first offence, and for the second, and every other offence, any sum not exceeding three pounds, nor less than twenty shillings, to be levied and recovered by distress

and

The Fortieth Year of George III.

and sale of the goods and chattels of every such offender or offenders, by warrant under the hand and seal, or hands and seals of the said sovereign, or the justice or justices before whom such conviction shall be made, and every such.forfeiture or penalty, and every sum and sums of money to be recovered by, or in every or any such action and actions to be brought as aforesaid; and also every sum and sums of money to arise by the sale of all, or any such materials, which shall not be taken by such contractor or contractors,

- and which shall be so sold as aforesaid, when received, shall be paid into the hands of the person or persons to be chosen and approved of as herein after mentioned, or into the bank or discount-office, or other place of public security in the said town, to the account of the commissioners of the said town of Belfast for the time being, and the same and every part thereof shall be issued, paid, and applied for and to- sucbpen^ietf wards paving, cleansing, lighting, and improving the streets, lanes, and places within the said town of Belfast, in aid of the rates to be made for those purposes; and in case any person or persons so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall have no goods or chattels whereon, or whereout any of the forfeitures last mentioned can be levied, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the sovereign of Belfast for the time being, or any one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county of Antrim, by warrant under his or their hand or seal, or hands and seals, to commit such offender or offenders so convicted to the common gaol, or to the house of correction, there to remain for any time not exceeding one calendar month, nor less than ten days, to be expressed in such warrant, to be reckoned from and exclusive of the day of commitment, and not to be sooner discharged, unless upon payment of the foil sum forfeited.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore - Penalty for said. That if any person or persons do, or shall break, train training hor*«s for draft, or exercise any horse or horses, in any street, lane, within thetown' or passage, within said town of Belfast, the person or persons so offending, shall forfeit and pay for every such offence, a sum not less than five shillings, and not exceeding^twenty shillings, the same to be raised and levied by distress and sale of the goods of the owner, or driver of such horse or horses, at the time of such offence committed; and also that it shall and may be lawful for the said of, or any person authorized by one or more of the of herein before named, or the sovereign or chief magistrate of the said town, to seize such horse or horses, and carriages, and lodge the same in any store yard, public inn, or other place of safety within said town, until such fine or penalty as aforesaid, and all costs and expences attending suoh distress shall be folly paid; and if at the expiration of n the

76

The Fortieth Year of George III.

Committee to meet in ve«try room within I mouth after

forty-eight hours from the time of such distress taken* the said fine or penalty be not paid, then and in such case it shall be l&wiul for the said of to cause such distress to be sold by public auction for payment of such fine or penalty* and all costs and expences attending the same.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said committee, or the major part of them shall* and they are hereby snuuuiuitr authorized and required to meet in the vestry room, or such paMingThh act, other place as is usually resorted to for the transacting the and on second*parish business of the said town of Belfast* within one month wUF5deIr after d^er l^e this act; and also on the second Thurs-

and^Jothernc-^hiyn January, in every year afterwards* and also at such ces«ty time*, to other time or times* and as often as may be necessary, such miake applot- the time of meeting to be appointed by the of,

meats for pur-, - v.V L; n n.

poses of this act, and they or the major part of them shall from time to time a* herein make one or more equal, fair* and impartial rate or rates, firmed. npploiraent or applotments, or upon all and every person and persons who do* or shall inhabit* hold, use* occupy* possess* or enjoy any land, ground* house* lodging* shop* wharf, ware-house* coach-house* stable* cellar* vault* building* counting-house, or place of carrying on business* either in co partnership or otherwise* or hereditament whatsoever, within the said town of Belfast* or the precincts thereof* according to the substance or ability of such persons respectively, for the purposes of paving* cleansing, lighting* and improving the several streets, lanes, and other places within the same* and for defraying the principal money which may be borrowed upon the credit of the rates or applotments, and the interest thereof, and also the expence of removing nil >annoyances and obstructions therefrom* and for all other Jthe necessary purposes of this act, and that as often as any deficiency shall happen in the sums so to be applotted* or in the payment thereof, by or on account of the death, insolvency, or change of abode of any such persons so liable to taxation as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the next succeeding applotters, and they are hereby required to applot the amount of such deficiency on such person so liable to taxation as aforesaid* along with the next ap-plotment which shall be made after such deficiency shall so nappen.

XIX. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and required that each of; the said applotters shall, previous to his acting as an appiotter, take and subscribe before the sovereign of Belfast for the time being, the following oath or affirmation, vide Licit:

I A.B. do solemnly swear, or if of the people called Quakers or seceders, do solemnly and in the presence of God affirm, that I will honestly, fairly, and impartially applot the several

Oath to be take' byeac'i applo.ter.

The Fortieth Year of George III. T7

several sums directed and appointed to be raised upon every occupier of any land, ground, house, lodging, shop, wharf, ware-house, coach-house, stable, cellar, vault, building, counting-house, or place erf carrying on business, whether in copartnership or otherwise, or other hereditaments whatsoever within the town of Belfast, and the precincts thereof, according to the substance or ability of such person, without favour or affection, malice, or ill-will, and according to the best of my skill and judgment. So help me God.

XX. Provided always, That the inhabitant or occupier

Of every house or other building which shall hereafter be 2£er

erected, or built within the said town of Belfast, or the pre- ed shall be ap-

cincts thereof, shall from the time 6f compleating and finish-

ing such house and building, be rated and applotted for the building* now

purposes of this act, in the same manner and proportions as erected.

the inhabitants or occupiers of houses and buildings already

erected and built.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, When commit* That if any of the committee to be appointed pursuant to this act shall omit, neglect, or refuse to take the oath or af- applotments of Urination hereby required to be taken by each applotter, or the rest shall be shall refuse to act as an applotter, or shall happen to die vaUd* before the said committee, or any five or more of them, shall have made such applotment, the applotments made, or to be made by the otners of said committee, or any five or more of them, shall be good and valid, as if such committee men so refusing, neglecting, or dying, had concurred therein, and that all and every applotment and applotments shall, within ten days after the same shall be made, be returned to the sovereign of Belfast for the time being, in Applotments to writing signed by the persons who shall have made the same, be returned to and that every person who shall have been appointed a com- sovereign, mittee-man or appplott, er pursuant to this act, and shall ne-

fleet, omit, or refuse to take upon him the said office or un-ertaking, the same shall neglect or omit the execution thereof, or of any part thereof, o* shall neglect, omit, or refuse to return the applotments made by him as aforesaid in such manner, and within such time as herein before is mentioned, or shall, without reasonable cause, neglect or omit, iol. penalty on for the space of forty-eight hours, after being summoned to thereunto by writing, signed by the sovereign of the said herein directed* town of Belfast, to appear before the said sovereign and to take the applotters oath or affirmation herein before mentioned, or shall neglect or omit for twenty days after the majority of the applotters appointed by virtue of this act, shall have takei\ the said oath or affirmation, to make an applotment pursuant to this act, in every such case, each and every one of the said applotters so offending, shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds; and that if no Such applotment as herein set

forth

The Fortieth Year of George III.

burgesses.

- Persons overcharged may appeal to of.

If Committee forth, shall be made by the said committee, or any fire or makeapplot- more of them, within one calendar month after the time ap-ment within i pointed for that purpose pursuant to this act, then and m month they shall such case each and every of the said applotters, shall from day^ach, and if end of the said month, forfeit the sum of twenty shillings they continue to for every day, until the said applotment shall be made, and rnwiumaPbet- re*urne^ sovereign of said town as herein before men-

mid« by sovc- tioned, such forfeitures of applotters as before mentioned, reign and two to be levied by distress and sale of the offenders goods, by virtue of a warrant under the hand and seal of the sovereign of the said town, directed to the-usual officer or officers, and to be applied to the purposes of this act: And provided always, in case the said committee shall neglect or refuse to make such applotment, notwithstanding the penalties aforesaid, within the time aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the sovereign for the time being, and any two burgesses of the said borough of Belfast, to make the same in the manner herein before directed, first taking the oath herein before prescribed, before any justice of the peace for the said county, who is hereby authorized to administer the same.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall conceive himself or themselves aggrieved and overcharged, or rated by such applotters, it shall and may be lawful for such person or persons, to appeal within eight days after such applotment being made to the of named in this act, and their successors from time to time, which.appeal said of are hereby empowered and directed to enquire into, and make such decision, and give judgment on such appeal, as to them, or the majority of them present at such meeting shall seem most fit and proper.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said committee-men, or any five or more of them being assembled

of three-fourth* at any general meeting, and they are hereby empowered from of applotment*. time to time when they shall judge it necessary, to borrow and take up at interest, any sum or sums of money, which any person or persons shall be willing to lend and advance upon the credit of three-fourth parts of the said rates or applotments and by any writing or writings upon vellum or parchment, duly stamped and signed by the said committee, or any five or more of them, being the majority so assembled, to mortgage such three-fourth parts of the said rates or applotments 7 to any person or persons who shall advance and lend such

money thereon, as a security or securities for the several sums so borrowed, with legal interest for the same, which interest shall be payable, and paid half yearly upon certificates of the committee, or any five or more of the committee-men, being the majority so assembled as aforesaid, and by order of the of in the same or like manner as other monies

Power of committee-men to borrow money on a mortgage

7*

The Fortieth Year of George III.

nies and payments are herein after directed to be paid and made out or the monies to arise by or from the said rates or appletments, and the remaining fourth part of such rates shall The remaining be deposited in the bank or discount-office, or other place of fourth to be public security in said town, as a sinking fund, in thek^dfabanV names of the said of, and shall remain there for asas*the purposes of paying off the principal sum so borrowed, and for improving the said town of Belfast, as the said of shall think fit; provided always, that such sums so UonL°to be*1* borrowed shall not when together exceed the sum of two borrowed, thousand pounds in the whole.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That there shall be Minutest entered in a book or books to be provided for that purpose,

and kept by the clerk to the said committee, a minute of all tcfb^entered by securities for money so borrowed, and all assignments or clerk.

transfers thereof expressing in words at length the names, surnames, additions, places of abode, and other descriptions^ of all such persons as shall from time to time be entitled to such securites, and the sums received upon such securities, to which book or books the persons entitled thereto, or interested therein, shall at all seasonable times have access, with free liberty to inspect the same, without fee or reward-

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Money borrow-safd. That the sum or sums of money which shall be so bor-£*Jj*| rowed by the said committee, shall be by them deposited in appuUm here-

the bank, or discount-office, or other place of public security in within the town of Belfast as the said of shall approve of, and placed to the account of the town of Belfast in the name of the of for paving, cleansing, and lighting the town of Belfast and precincts thereof, and shall be issued and applied by the said of, or any five or more of them, for the new paving or repairing the streets, lanes, or other places in the said town of Belfast, and for the other purposes herein after mentioned.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every sum Application of and sums of money which shall remain from the said rates or money, after*applotments, after paying the interest hereby charged there- paying interest, upon, shall be applied for the general purposes of this act,

until the whole of the town of Belfast shall be completely paved or flagged, at which time, and not before, the remainder of such surplus, after deducting such sum as shall be necessary for keeping such pavement and flagging in complete repair for the current year, shall be applied for and towards paying off the principal money so borrowed as aforesaid, and for mat purpose snail be placed in the said bank, discount-office, or other place of public security, in the names of the said of, and added to the sixth part of the rates or applotments herein before appropriated as a sinking fund for discharging the principal money so

borrowed

m

Securities for money so lent may be transferred. 7

Times when applotments shall commence and be payable.

Goods Of person? who do not p^y rates may be seized and sold, if not released in 5 days.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

bortowad, antiii a sufficient capital shall have accumulated; for naying off such principal sum, at which time such prins dpfu sum shah be paid off and discharged, and all interest, in respect thereof, shall cease and discontinue* and tharipsucli payments no preference shall be given to any person or persons whatsoever, on account of the priority of advancing any sum or sums, but that each person shall be a creditor, in, equal degree, according to the sum or sums so by him, her, or them lent and advanced as aforesaid, and shall be entitled to be paid rateably with every other creditor out of said fund, in case he, sh£, or they, shall intend or think proper* to insist thereon, such intention to be manifested by a notice in writing to that effect, to be served on the said of.

XXVII. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons entitled to any of the securities aforesaid, and his, her, or their executors, administrators or assigns, at any time or times, by writing under his, her*or their hands respectively, to assign or transfer such securities by indorsement on the back thereof, to any person or persons whatsoever, a note or minute of which assignments-, when so made, shall be entered in the books herein before directed to be provided for that purpose, and that such assignments shall, from and after such entry, entitle such indorsers to the sums of money secured thereby, and to bring such actions and suits in his; her, or their own name thereon, as such indorser or indorsers might have brought, had such indorsement or indorsements not been made.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority ufore-saW, That the first rate, or rates, applotment or applotments directed to be made as aforesaid, shall commence within one month from the passing of this act into a law, and every future rate or rates, applotment or applotments, qhall commence from the time that the last preceding rate or rates, applotment or applotments ended, and not otherwise, and the monies therein, and thereby charged and applotted, shall be payable and recoverable half yearly in manner herein after directed.

XXIX. And for the better and more effectual recovering the general rates and applotments, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any person liable to pay any rate or applotment by virtue of this act, shall refuse or neglect to pay the money rated or applotted, upon him, her, or them respectively, and all arrears due thereon, it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective collectors of the said rates or applotments'; such having first obtained a warrant, under the hand and seal of the sovereign of the said town for the time being, or of any" two of his Majesty's justices

TKt Fortieth Year of George III. Si

tices of the peace for the said county of Antrim, which warrant such sovereign and justices are hereby empowered to give, to sei2e the goods and chattels of the party so ne« greeting or refusing to pay the said rates, which shall be iound either within the said town or precincts thereof; and if within five days next after such distress shall have been made, the said respective rates or applotments, and all ar* rears due thereon shall not be paid, together with the reasonable charges of taking and keeping the same, the said respective collectors shall and may, and they are hereby empowered to cause the said goods and chattels to be sold, or such part thereof as shall be sufficient to pay the said rates or applotments, together with all arrears due thereon, and the reasonable charges of makingsuch distress and sale, returning the overplus, and the*goods and chattels remaining undisposed of, if any be, to the person or prsons whose goods and chattels shall have been so distrained.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Collectors to said. That the respective collectors of the said rates and appay once a week plotmenta within the said town of Belfast, and the precincts commute111 thereof shall, once in every week or oftener, if the com- be lodged.* mittee, or any five or more of them shall so direct, pay all

the money which they shall from time to time collect, and

receive, into the hands of the chairman of the committee to be lodged as aforesaid, in the name and to the account of the of for paving, cleansing, and lighting the town of Belfast.

XXXI. And be it fUrtlier enacted by the authority afore- Accounts to be

said, That the said collectors shall as often as thereunto re- made up by quired, by any fire or more of the said committee men, on

-make up true and perfect accounts of all money received by balances paid, jsuch collectors respectively, and paid by them in pursuance of this act, specifying the particular sums, from whom received, and how disposed of, and deliver &1 such accounts to the respective committees, and verify the same upon oath, which oath any one committee man present at any meeting of a committee is hereby empowered to administer, and every such collector refusing or neglecting to make up Collectorg or render such account to the committee, requiring the be committed7 same as aforesaid, and to verify the same upon oath as for neglecting aforesaid, or to pay over all such monies as shall be remain-°*ccount ing in his hands, shall and may by warrant under the hand'p and seal of the sovereign of Belfast for the time being, or of any one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county1 of Antrim, upon complaint made by any three or more of the said committee-men, and proof thereof by the oaths of two or more credible witnesses, which oath the said sovereign of the said town of Belfast, and justices are hereby authorised and empowered to administer, be committed to the


Gmndtttl not to exonerate swedes.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

eoffitaon gaol of the said county of Antrim, there to reman* without bail or mainprize, until such collector shall have delivered a fair and true account, and until such money as upon such account shall appear to be remaining in his hands snail be paid over by such collectors, or his security or securities, into the hands of the said chairman to be lodged as other monies are hereby directed to be lodged.

XXXII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That the committal and imprisonment of such collector as shall make default as aforesaid, shall not acquit or exonerate any person or persons who may have become surety or sureties, or discharge or avoid any surety or sureties that shall or may have been taken by, or given to any committee for the due and faithful execution of the office of collector, or payment of the monies to be received by such collector by virtue of his said office, or he a bar or defence to any action, suit, proceeding or process commenced, or to be commenced against any such surety or sureties, or upon any sjuch security as aforesaid, but all and every such surety ana sureties shall remain liable, according to the nature of their undertakings and engagements to such suits or actions founded on such engagements, and all and every such security and securities shall remain good and valid as if such committal of such cok-r lector had not taken place.

All payments of

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-iatercst, salaries, said, That all and every payments of interest of monies bor-whauoever^8 rowe^> and all payments 'to be made upon, and for all and shall be certified every contract and contracts herein and hereby directed to to commissi- be made, and all salaries, payments and allowances, charges m^e'orders for an(* expences whatsoever to be made, and given for any thing payment within done or contracted for by the said committee.to be chosen as 21 days, if there aforesaid, shall be first certified to the of by the to ^contrary; committee, by writing under the hands of three or more

and if they do*of the committee-men, and delivered to the said comxnis-aot they may sioners, or their clerk at the next or some others subsequent

be sued. meeting of the said of, with the several bills of

particulars relating thereto, and thereupon the said of not having, any just or reasonable cause to the con-, trary shall, and are hereby directed and required within twenty-one days after the delivery of every such certificate, to make an order for payment of the sum and sums of money to be specified in such certificate, and sign a draft or order on the bank or public place of security, or other person where or in whose hands the said rates shall be deposited and kept for payment thereof at sight, and every such order shall be signed by three or more of the said of, and that the said of not having and declaring some just and reasonable dause to the contrary, shall not, within twen-, ty^ne days next after the delivery of such certificate, make

The Fortieth Year of Qoarfe IIL

fend sign suth order for payment of the monies to be Reified or expressed in such certificate, it shall and may be lav. fill to and for the person or persons to whom the mooiei a and by such certificate are expressed to be due or payable, to eminence, maintain, and prosecute an action or actions m any of his Majesty's courts of record, against any two or more of said covmxuasionert, but not against the committee, or any of them, and in such action no easoign, protection, or wager of bur, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed, in which action it shall be sufficient to entitle the plaintiff to a verdict for the sum mentioned in such certificate, to prove to the saffortinn of the court and jury that such certificate was — unless the defendant, in such actvm, shall shew that the aame was procured by fraud or improper conduct in the plaintiff, or that no money was then in bank to nay the same.

XXXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted Moc tpcMrft and declared, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to charge the said cummbsionen with. -T1T-j or for any monies to be paid to any person or persons upon aMuiilul the certificate or certificates of any committee, more than,*" and beyond the amount of what shall have been paid into, and remaining in any bank, or in the hands of any individual, in the name of the of, at the time oi such certificate delivered to the commissionert as aforesaid, over and above such sums as shall be sufficient to answer prior certificates, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-

P. And be it further enacted, That the said com- H»tf-ymrty w mittee shall, and they are hereby required, at Lady-day and

Michaelmas in every year, or within one month then next to

following, to transmit to the said of a particular coauMses and true account of the rates and applotments vhich have been made by them in the course of the last year, which account shall be signed by their clerk, and shall contain the names and residences or the several persons who have been rated, the sums at which the have been rated, and the amount of all such rates as shall appear to them to have been collected and received, and what is in arrear and unreceived, and of all monies borrowed on the securities of the said N

rates.

XXXVI. And for the more effectual removing and pre- Pawky on Pww venting nuisances, annoyances, obstructions, and encroach- g'm

meats in the several streets, passages, and other places in cn herein the said town of Belfast, and the precincts thereof, be it merited, withia farther enacted, That from and after the day on which this JfBth

act shall receive the royal assent, if any person or persons shall throw, cast, lay, put or place, or stuul cause, permit, or.suffer to be thrown, cast, laid, put, or placed, any asnes, dust, dirt, rubbish, dung, offals, or other noisome or offensive arti-aies, or shall set or place any stall, stand, board, bench, bas-

t The Fortieth Year of George III.

ket, cak, crate, wares, merchandizes, neat, foh, fruit, or gee* of aay kind whatsoever, or shall hoop, wash, or cleans any pipe, barrel, cask, tab, or vessel, in or upon any of the qnage or foot-ways, or throw or cast any ashes, dust, rub* bash, dung, or offals into any sewer, mill-race, or water-course running through, along, or under any of the said streets* passages, lanes, or other places within the said town of BeU tat, or the precincts thereof, or shall set out, lay, put, place, er cause, or procure, permit, or suffer to be set out, laid, put, or placed, any coach, chaise, cart, car, warn, waggon, dray, sledge, or other carriage, upon any of the said carriage or loot-ways, except for the uecessary time of loading or unloading any such cart, car, wain, waggon, dray, sledge, or other carriage, or for talking up or setting down any fore, or waiting for passengers w hen actually hired, or harnessing, or unharnessing the horses from any such coach, chaise, cart, car, warn, waggon, dray, sledge, or other carriage, and also for such time as shall be reasonable or necessary for washing carriages, where carriages heretofore hare been usually washed upon the pavement, and shall not immediately remove the same when required so to do, by any person or persons whomsoever, or If any person or parsons shall set or place, or cause to be set or placed in any of the said carriage or foot-ways, any timber, stones, bricks, lime, mortar, or other materials or things whatsoever, unless the sane shall be enclosed with the consent of the of for the time being, or the major part of them for the purpose of, and during ouch time as shall be by them allowed, for repairing or rebuilding any messuage or other building, before which the same shall be laid, and shall not immediately remove the same, being thereunto required by any person or persons whomsoever, every person offending in any of the cases aforesaid, shall for every such offence forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding ten shillings, nor less than five snfl-Committc may lings, and the better to enforce the observance of the before mentioned regulation, it shall be lawful to and for the said move all matters committee, or the major part of them, to appoint one or and things here- more person or persons by warrant under their hands and wlSh*ifonot' 8eak» to seize any such stall, stand, board, bench, basket, claimed and re- cask, crate, wares, merchandizes, meat, fish, fruit, goods, dwmed within coach, chaise, cart, car, wain, waggon, dray, sledge, or other Jdaysc»iy be camag^ together with the horse or horses, mule or mules, ass or asses, if any shall be thereunto belonging, with the harness, gears, and accoutrements (hereof, or any such timber, stones, bricks, lime, mortar, or other materials or things aforesaid, and cause the same to be removed to such place or places as he or they shall judge convenient and proper, giving notice to the owner, driver, or other person staving any interest therein, if he, she, or they can be found, of tho place or places w hereunto the same snail be so removed, and

2 the

by

Fortieth Year of George III.

At $apae ^here to keep and detain until such owner, driver, or other person so interested therein as aforesaid, shall pay or cause to be paid the said penalty, together with the charges of taking or removing the same, and of keeping such horses, mules, or asses, if any: and in case the goods, carriages, horses, materials, or other articles and things so removed, shall not be claimed, and the said penalty and charges paid within five days next after such removal thereof, then it shall be lawful to and for the said committee, or the major part of them, to order the same to be sold by public auction, and the overplus of the money arising by such sale shall be returned to the owner or owners thereof on demand, after deducting the said penalty, and the costs, charges, and expences attending such seizure, removal, keeping, and sale, such costs, charges, and expences, to be ascertained and allowed by the sovereign' or chief magistrate of the corporation of the said town of Belfast, or any justice of the peace in the said county of Antrim.

XXX YJI. And it shall be lawful for any person or per-All persons may sons whomsoever, who shall see any ashes, dirt, dust, offal, ^Ze^c^rOW-dung, rubbish, soil, or any other filth or annoyance what--ing^or Jayinf0^ soever, put, placed, thrown, cast, or laid in any of the said annoyances streets, passages, lanes, sewers, mill-races, water-courses, and other places within the limits prescribed by this act, to9 seize and apprehend, and also for any other person or persons to assist in seizing and apprehending the offender and offenders, and he and they is, and are hereby authorized and required so to do, without any warrant, and to take such offender or offenders before the said sovereign or chief magistrate of the said town, or some justice of the peace for the county of Antrim, who upon oath being made of such of- Offenders com-fences as aforesaid, shall and may commit the offender or offenders to the common gaol or house of correction for the oa said county of Antrim, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding ten days, nor less than five days, unless the said penalty shall be sooner paid; and if any person who shall be apprehended for having committing any offence against this act, shall refuse to discover his name or place of abode to the said sovereign or justice before whom he shall be so brought, such person so refusing, shall be immediately delivered to a constable, or other peace officer, and shall be by him conveyed to the common gaol, or house of correction for the said county, there to renuftn until he shall declare his name and place of abode to the keeper of such prison, common gaol, or house of correction, or hi* deputy, to be by him communicated to the said sovereign or justice who shall have committed him, of some other jus*? tic? of the peace for the said county.

xxxviii. Mi

The Fortieth Year of George III.

Penalties for encroachments on footways.

Penalty for

annoying the town of Belfast with night soil, ordure, urine, he*

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall hereafter run, roll, drive or draw, or cause to be run, rolled, driven or drawn, on any of the flagged or foot "pavements within the limits prescribed by this act, any cask, or any wheel or wheejs, car, sledge, wheelbarrow, or any other carriage whatsoever, or shall wilfully ride, lead, or drive any horse, ass, mule, or other cattle, coach, car, cart, waggon, dray, or other carriage whatsoever, upon any part of the said flagged or foot pavements, it shall be lawful for any person or persons whomsoever, who shall see any such offence committed, to seize, and also for any other person or persons to assist in seizing such offender or offenders, and by authority of this act, and without any other warrant, to convey him, her, or them before the said sovereign of Belfast aforesaid, or some justice of the peace for the said county of Antrim, and the party or parties accused being brought before such chief magistrate or justice, the said magistrate or justice shall proceed to examine upon oath any witness or witnesses who shall appear to be produced to give evidence touching such offence, which oath the said justice is hereby authorized and required to administer; and if the party or parties shall be convicted of any such offence, upon his, her, or their confession or confessions^ or upon the oath of one or more witness or witnesses as aforesaid, he, she, or they so convicted thereof, shall forfeit and pay the sum of five shillings for the first offence, the sum of ten shillings for the second offence, and the sum of twenty shillings for the third and every other offence, together with all the costs and charges of repairing and making good any damage done to the said flagging or foot pavements, and the expence attending the seizing mid convicting of such offender or offenders.

XXXIX. And whereas the emptying of soil or ^filth from privies, necessaries, or hog-houses, into or upon streets, lanes, or other places in the said town of Belfast, and the carrying of night soil through the same in the day time, are great and offensive nuisances, for remedy whereof be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person who after the passing of this act, shall at any time carry or remove any njght soil or ordure through or along any street, lane, or place within the said town of Belfast, between the hours of seven e'clock in the morning, and t^n of the clock at night, and every person who by day or Dy night shall empty any night soil, ordure or filth from any sewer, privy, or Dog-house, or other place, on any street, lane or place within the said town, or shall throw from any door or window into the same, any urine, ordure or filth, and shall be thereof convicted, on the path of on6 credible witness before the sovereign of the said town of Belfast, or any justice of the peace for the said county of Antrijn, shall forfeit and

pay


The Fortieth Year George 1H. Ft

pay the sum of twenty shillings as a fine for every such offence, to be levied by distress or sale of the offenders goods, by warrant under the hand and seal of the said sovereign of Belfast, or the justice of the peace before whom such convic-tien shall be had and made, and to be applied for and towards the purposes of this act, or in default of such distress, such offender or offenders shall be committed to the gaol or house of correction of the said county of Antrim, and there kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding five days, as the said sovereign, or such justice shall think fit.

XLI. And whereas keeping swine within the said toyn of Swine found Belfast, and permitting the same to run of wander in and m*7

about the public streets and places therein, occasion much kUlSf for°Bel-filth, and trecpient interruptions and annoyances, for remedy fast charitable whereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That wcfrty. in case any hog, Sow, boar, or pig, or other swine, shall at any time after the passing this act, be found straying or wandering in any street, lane or place within the said town of Belfast, or precincts' thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for any commissioner or committee-man aforesaid, or any person by their authority, or any peace officer, to cause the same to be seized, or in case the same cannot conveniently be taken alive, to be killed, all and every of which said hogs, sows, boars, pigs, and sifrine so seized or killed, shall belong to, and be taken by the Belfast charitable society, for the use and benefit of the poor therein.

XLII. And whereas the slaughtering and killing of black pen^tie» far cattle, sheep, and swine, in or contiguous to streets of great slaughtering in thoroughfare, and places of public resort, in the said town of Belfast, is a great nuisance, for remedy and prevention where- outconsent of of, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if commissioner^ any ox, cow, calf, sheep, lamb, hog or pig, or any kind or other beast, shall at any time after the passing of this act, be slaughtered or killed by any butcher, slaughterer, or other person, in any stall, shop, shed, yard, or other open, enclosed, or covered building, or place fronting to, or contiguous to any of the streets or lanes of said town, or to any place of public worship or resort, or marked-house, or market-place, 07-other place in the said town, without the consent of the of, or the major part of them present at any such meeting as aforesaid, first had and obtained in writing for that purpose, provided always that nothing herein contained shall extend, or he construed, deemed, or taken, to prevent or restrain merchants from slaughtering cattle for exportation, and not for the consumption of said town, in such places as they have heretofore been accustomed to do, or might have done, if this act had not been made, that then and m every, or any such case, and as often as the same shall happen, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said sovereign of Belfast, for the time being, or any other justice of the peace for

gg The Fortieth Year of George III.

the said county of Antrim, either upon his view of the same, or upon proof made thereof before him, by the oath of gay one credible witness, or on the confession of the party accused, to fine every person who shall so slaughter or kill any ox, cow, calf, sheep, lamb, hog, pig, or other beast, in any such place or places as aforesaid, without such consent or permission as aforesaid, or the renter or occupier of such shed, shop, yard, or other building or place wherein the same shall be so slaughtered or killed, or all or any of them, m any sum or sums of money not exceeding in the whole the sum of five pounds, nor less than ten shillings, for every ox, cow, calf, sheep, lamb, pig* or other beast so killed or slaughtered, and in case of his, or their refusal or neglect, to pay the same immediately when imposed, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said sovereign, or ouch other justice of the peace for the said county, tp commit the person or persons who shall so refuse or neglect to pay such fine or fines to the common gaol or house of correction in the said county, there to remain until he, she, or they shall have fully paid the same, all and every of which said fines so levied, shall belong, and be paid to the Belfast charitable society, for, the use and benefit of the poor-

XLII. And for the better preventing nuisances, encroachments, and obstructions within the said streets, la/.es, and places within the said limits prescribed by this act, be it

jknrwwindowf, therefore enacted, That no bow-windows, or other projec-and other pro- tien into any of the said streets, or other places under the jecMopt* management of the said committee, shall, after the passing

of thts act, be built with, or added to any house or other building, so as to extend beyond the general line of the fronts of the houses in such streets, or other places in which such bow-window or other projection is made, ex* eept such projections as may be necessary for copings, cornices, faces, door and window dressings, or for porticoes, steps, or iron palisadoes, and also, except the window of $py shop on the ground floor story of any such building, the stall boards of which shop windows shall not, in any such*street or other place, be thirty feet wide, or project above twelve indies, nor in any street or other place less than thirty feet wide, above six inches from the upright line of , the building io such street, or other place respectively, and no cornice or covering thereof, to any shop window, shah in any street or other place, thirty feet wide or more, project more than twenty inches, nor in any street or other place ksw than thirty feet wide, more than fifteen inches from the upright line of the building to which such shop window belongs; and in case any person or persons shall, after the passing of this act erect or build any new dwell* }ing house in the said town of Belfast, or within the precincts tfafreof* auch person or persons shall cause such dwelling-

house

The Fortieth Year of George III. 89

house to be erected and built with party walls, of the How new thickness of nine inches at the least, and in case any person or persons shall cause any bow window, or other projection to be' built with or added to any house, or other building, within any of the streets, or other places as aforesaid, or shall in building any new dwelling-house, omit or neglect to build party walls, not less than nine inches thick, contrary to the true, intent and meaning of this act, every person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such offence Penalty the sum of ten pounds: and it shall be lawful for the said of, or respective committees, where any such offence shall be committed, to cause every such house so built without party walls, and every such bow-window or projection to be talqen down and removed, and all expences attending the same shall be paid by the person or persons to whom such bow window or other projection shall belong,

first ascer-f shall be le*

Tied and recovered in like manner as any penalties or forfeitures inflicted by this act, can or may be levied or applied for the general purposes of this act.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That all signs which sign, t0bc now are, or shall hereafter be placed or hung in any of the placed flu on said streets and other places, under the management of the Tont wmU#* said committee, shall be fixed or placed fiat on the front Walls of such houses or buildings respectively to which the same shall belong. And it shall be lawful for the said committee-men, or any three or more of them, by order in writing under their hands, to cause all signs, sign-irons, sira-potts, sign-posts, or spouts, and all openings and steps into cellars,p©ut*)^ening» and all cellar-windows and dung-bins whatsoever in the hit© cellars, &c. streets, lanes, and public passages and ways to be removed or Sdirecte^by altered in such manner as they shall think fit'. And they committee men, shall and may cause all water to be removed from the roofs, cornices, and pent-hou3es of all houses and other buildings, -by proper and sufficient pipes or trunks, to be affixed on foe roofirtp{^confronts or sides of such houses, or other buildings, by and at veyed feypipet, the expehce of the owner or occupier thereof; and in case any ownei shall not at his or her own costs and charges, wifoin fourteen days after notice in writing shall be given td him or her, or left at his or her dwelling-house, signed by the clerk or surveyor to the said committee, or by three or more of the said committee, remove or alter such encroachment or annoyances, according to such order or notice, it Comitlitteev shall be lawful for foe said committee, or any three or more an*

of them, from time to time to cause all such openings and annoyance*, if steps into cellars, encroachments and annoyances to be filled up, closed, removed, and altered, and to levy foe charges after notice, 7 and expences attending foe same, (such charges and ex- levy chugs* pence* being first duly ascertained by foe said of

which penalty and expences (such expences being tamed by foe said of or committees)

Penalty for Injuring or defacing inscriptions r numbers.

99 The Fortieth Year of George III.

or respective committees) upon the goods and chattels of the owner or occupier of every such house or other building, by virtue of a warrant under the hand and seal of the sovereign of said town, or any of the justices of the peace resi-dent within the said town or precincts thereof.

XLIV. And be it farther enacted, That the said of or committees shall, and may if they think proper, cause to be placed or written on a conspicuous part of some house or building, at or near each end, corner, or entrance of Commissioners the several streets and other places, the name by which may cause names every such street and place is usually called or known; and of streets, See. also shall and may, if they shall think fit, cause every house, to be put up, shop, warehouse, or building within the said streets and to be mimbered. P*aces> or any them, and also all lamp ir9ns belonging to the said of, to be marked ana numbered in such manner as they shall think most proper for distinguishing the same; and if any person shall wilfully or maliciously destroy^pull down, injure, obliterate, alter, cover over, or deface any such inscription or number, or any part thereof, or cause or procure the same to be done, every person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit ana pay the sum of ten shillings, to be recovered in like manner as any other penalty is herein before directed and authorized to be recovered, and to be applied to the general purpose of this act.

LXV. And whereas the breaking up of pavements in streets and other places for the purpose of laying down or repairing water-pipes, or making, repairing, or cleansing sinks, sewers, or drains leading from houses or other buildings into common sewers or water courses in the said town of Belfast, often causes great expence, and the suffering the same to remain broken up and open, is a great nuisance, be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all charges, damages, and* expences, which shall be occasioned by the taking or breaking up of any pavement, for the purpose of laying down or repairing any pipe or pipes for un^er suc^ pavements for conducting water through the said

pipe^condutt- streets, lanes, or other places within the said town or pre-fng water, cincts thereof, or to any house or other building therein, and ft^&^shall be a^s0 t^e charges of relaying the same, shall be borne, defrayed, and made good by the owner, lessees, or tenants of such pipes, and that all the charges, daniages, and expences which shall be occasioned by the taking or breaking up of riny pavement for the purpose of making, repairing, or cleansing any sink, sewer, or drain leading' from any house or building to any common sewer or water-oourse within the said town or precincts thereof, as also* the charges and expences of relaying the same, shall be wholly defrayed and made good by the respective occupiers of such houses or buildings, from which the said sinks, sewers, or drains are, - - or

Expences attending break-

defrayed by persons for whom done.

The Fortieth Year of George in.

91

r shall be laid, or by the person or persons who shall require

any such sinks, sewers, or drains, to be made, repaired, or

cleanse^, any thing in this act contained to the contrary

thereof in any wise notwithstanding, which pavements so

broken up as aforesaid, the person at whose instance the 20t. penalty, per

same shall have been opened, shall c;

rsible to be repaired and closed, on pa

every day the same shall be suffered to remain unnecessarily open, to be levied as other penalties are hereby di rected to be levied, and to be applied to the general purposes of this act, provided always that no pavement shall be broken up for the purposes aforesaid, without the consent of three or more of the committee in writing first had and obtained; and also that so long as the same shall remain open, 40s. penalty for such opening shall be surrounded by a wooden raising, on pain of forty shillings for every such omission or offence, to be keeping up a levied and applied as aforesaid. wooden raising.

XLVI. And whereas the appointment of scavengers, and the establishing and maintaining a constant and well regulated nightly watch within the said town of Belfast throughout the year, will contribute towards keeping the streets of the said town clean, and protecting the persons and property of all his Majesty's subjects therein from fires, thefts, burglaiies, of committee-assaults, violences, and other outrages and injuries during men within 2 the night time, be it therefore further enacted, by the autho- "nt^ca^#eR rity aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for toappobits^*' the sovereign of Belfast for the time being, and he is hereby vengers and directed and required within two calendar months next after the time the said committee-men shall be chosen as aforesaid, to appoint a meeting of all the said committee-men to be held at such time and place within the said town as he shall think fit, for the purpose of appointing a sufficient number of men to sweep ana clean the said streets and other places, and for providing carts or cars, and horses to carry away the filth and dirt; and also for appointing a constant nightly watch within the said town and precincts thereof, of which said time and place of meeting, six days previous notice at least shall be publicly given in the said town by the common crier, and also affixed in writing at or near the place of such intended meeting; and at which said meeting it shall and may be lawful to and for the said committee-men, and they are hereby authorized and required either to nominate and appoint a sufficient number of men to sweep and clean the streets, and other places of the said down, and to provide carts or cars, and horses to carty away the filth, dirt, and sweepings to such place or places, and to be sold or disposed of in such manner as the said committee-men, or the major part of them shall order and direct, or to contract with any person or persons for sweeping, cleaning, and carrying away

su<

92

The Fortieth Year of George III.

euch filth and dirt; and in case the said filth and dirt and sweepings shall be sold to any person or persons, the money arising therefrom shall be paid into the hands of the said of for the general purposes of this act, in exclusion to all other persons, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and also to nominate and appoint such, and so many able-bodied and orderly men resident within the said town and precincts thereof, who shall be ready and willing to execute, the office to be nightly watchmen within the same, and to order such salaries, sums of money, or other allowances, to be made to such scavengers and watchmen Weekly or otherwise; and also to make such rules, orders, and regulations respecting the said scavengers and watehmen, and for the maintenance and accommodation of the said watchman, as the said committee men present' at such meeting, or the major part of them (not being less than five in number) shall think fit and necessary, which watchmen when appointed, shall from the time when they shall be set at night, until they shall be discharged in the morning have power to arrest and carry to the watch-house all persons breaking the peace, or brawling, quarrelling in the street, or disturbing the inhabitants, or attempting to commit toy burglary, felony, or other offence, and such offenders to detain m custody, until they can be carried before a magistrate as ib such cases is usual.

XLVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted place scavengers and declared, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the ond^n^Tbye sa*(* of and committee-men from time to time, at tew* fcc. 7 toy subsequent meeting or meetings which shall be convened in like manner for all or any of the purposes last.herein before mentioned, (and which the said sovereign of Belfast for the time being, at his own free will and pleasure, or at the request of any three of the said committee-men, is hereby'authorized and directed to call) to displace, remove, ' and discharge all or any such scavengers and watchmen as shall be so nominated and appointed as aforesaid, either foj; neglect of duty, drunkenness, misbehaviour, or other cause whatever, and to nominate and appoint others in the place and stead of such as shall be so removed, or shall happen to die, and so from time to time, and at all times thereafter, at any like subsequent meeting, to remove and appoint other scavengers and watchmen, and to lessen or encrease the number thereof, and also to make such new or other byelaws, rules, orders and regulations, with such penalties for breach of the same, to be levied in such manner as the penalties herein before mentioned are directed to be levied respecting the sweeping the said streets, and the said nightly we.tch, and tfye general internal regulation of the butchers, slaughterers, and fish-mongers as the said of and r*committee-men

Power* of watchmen*

Powers to dis-

SB

The Fortieth Year of George III.

ommittee-men present at such meeting, or the major part of them, not being less than five in number, shall see occasion and think fit*

XLVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted Sums for pay-and declared, That the several salaries, wages, sums of mo-Bey, allowances, or other payments, which shall be so of- de^tai^expcnc^ dered and directed to be paid or made to all or any watch- shall be raised men, who from time to time shall be nominated and appointed* hereia* such by virtue of this act, and the costs and charges of erecting watch-houses or boxes, and providing staves, lan-thorns, rattles, and other necessaries for their use and protection, and all other incidental expences attending the maintaining such nightly watch as aforesaid, shall be raised and levied yearly, or oftener if the said* of and committee-men shall think fit, by such and the like ways and means, and in the like manner and proportions as the sums of money for paving, lighting, and cleansing the streets, squares, lanes, and other places in the said town of Belfast, as herein before directed and appointed to be'raised and levied, and ahall when raised be paid into the hands of the said of, or their bankers for the time being, and be there-after by them paid and applied for the* sole purpose of maintaining the said nightly watch, or discharging such salaries, wages, and other sums of money as the said committee-men, or any five or more shall at any public meeting or meetings of theirs from time to time certify to the said of to be due and owing, and the said committee and of are hereby respectively invested with such and the like powers for defraying all expences of the said nightly watch, and for ascertaining, levying, collecting, recovering, Likej>ower far and letting to farm the rates so to be applotted and made farmiifg^atch-payable for maintaining the said nightly watch, and also for money as for recovering the penalties and forfeitures on non-payment of the said rates, and for doing all other acts, matters, and K*things in respect thereof, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes as the said committee and of are herein before invested with for levying and raising the said rates for paving, lighting, and cleansing the said streets, lanes, and other places in the said town of Belfast, or any matter relating thereto, and in like manner as if the said several persons, authorities, provisions, matters and things, or the like were herein again repeated, specifically given or granted to them.

XLIX. And whereas the regulating the rates and fares of cars, drays, and carts* and of the owners and drivers of the same, and also porterage within the said town and precincts thereof, will prevent many impositions made cn the inhabitants and traders of the said town and precincts thereof; be it therefore enacted, That from and immediately after the

passing

The Fortieth Year of George III.

l«gblatfoai respecting cart, drays, carts, and perters.

fees f be oaid to clerk, for licenses.

licenses maybe withdrawn for improper conduct.

Stands may be pointed out.

Penalties for plying without license.

passing of this act into a law, the said commi ssioners hereby appointed, or any five of them are hereby authorized to grant licenses to all such person or persons as shall keep or drive any car, dray, or cart, plying for hire within the said town, and that when so licensed, the name of such person or persons so licensed shall be printed in white roman letters, one and one-half inches long at least, on some conspicuous part of every such car, cart, or dray; and also to grant licenses to all such person or persons plying for hire, or acting as porters within the said town ana precincts thereof, and from time to time to limit the number of such cars, drays, or carts so plying for hire, and the persons who shall act as porters therein, and to ascertain such fees or other recompence to the owner or occupier of such cars, drays, or carts, or to the persons plying as porters, as shall from time to time appear necessary to the said of, and cause the said rates and fees to be printed and published, and posted on the market-house of said town, and every such person or persons so obtaining such license, shall pay to the clerk of the said of for each and every such license for such car, cart, or dray, the sum of five shillings sterling, and for every license to act as a porter or carrier, the sum of two shillings and six-pence yearly, and every year, provided always that it shall and may be lawful for the said of from time to time to revoke or withdraw such license on proof of any improper conduct in the person or persons so licensed.

L. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said of shall hav&full power and authority, from time to time, to point out and regulate the place or places wherein carts, cars, or drays, so licensed to ply for hire, shall stand or resort to in the said town when not actually* employed, and the number that shall remain on each stand,

LI. And be it enacted, That in case any person or persons shall keep, drive, or let to hire any car, dray, or cart, or shall ply for hire as a porter within the said town of Belfast, or the precincts thereof, without a license being duly had and obtained from the said of for that purpose* then every such person and persons who shall keep, drive, or let to hire any such car, aray, or cart, within the said town or the precincts thereof, or shall ply or act as a porter therein for any such offence, shall forfeit* and pay the penalties following; that is to say, the sum of ten shillings for each and every car, dray, or cart which shall ply, and for every time it shall ply without such license, and the sum of five shillings for each and every person who shall act as a porter or carrier in the said town of Belfast, or the precincts thereof, without such license, and for every time such person

Gc 5!

The Fortieth Year of George III. H

ion shall so act, the said several penalties to be paid over, and to be applied for the purposes of this act, the same to be levied and recovered, in a summary way, before the sovereign of the said town, or any one magistrate of the county of Antrim, on proof being made on oath after one summons to the party offending, and to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the person so offending, or if the owner of such car, cart, or dray, by warrant under the hand and seal of such magistrate, and the overplus (if any, after all charges being deducted) shall be paid to the person so distrained, and in case no sufficient distress or distresses can or may be had to answer the said penalties respectively, the person or persons so offending shall, by warrant, under the hand and seal of the said magistrate, be sent to the county gaol, there to be kept and confined for any term not exceeding one month, or until such penalty snail be paid; and in case any carrier or porter shall demand or re- penalties for d« ceive more than the price set down and agreed on by the manding more said of, he, she, or they, shall be subject to the penalty of five shillings for the first, ten shillings for the second, and twenty shillings for the third, and every such further offence.

LII. And be it also enacted, That in -case any driver of penalty for any licensed car, dray, or cart, shall refuse to take a fare refusing fare, oe in his regular turn, when called upon, or shall stipulate for, , ^terlSreSisa or receive any greater sum or rate of hire than mat which allowed, he is entitled to, or any additional reward of, what nature or kind soever, every suen person so offending shall be fined the sum of ten shillings sterling for every such offence, and that all fines and penalties imposed by this act shall be levied, on conviction on oath by some credible person before the sovereign of the town for the time being, or any other justice of the peace for the county of Antrim, who are hereby authorized and empowered to issue warrants under their hands and seals for the recovery of the said fines and penalties in the manner herein before directed, and that all fines and penalties, and the monies to be paid for licenses, shall be paid to the said of, or their clerk, to go and be applied to the general purposes of this act.

LIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Commissioner# said. That the said of hereby authorized and ap- may make bye pointed, shall and may, from time to time, have full power to laws for various make such rules, bye-laws, orders, and regulations, with Pur^e, herei* such penalties for breaking or disobeying the same as they nam may conceive necessary, for regulation of such car-men, carters, draymen, and porters, and for the regulation of the coal trade of said to^ni, and for the government, order, and direction of the masters of colliers or coal vessels, whilst within the harbour of Belfast, relative to the mode of selling teals, as such comissioners shall, from time to time, deem

expedient

The Fortieth Year of George III.

expedient and proper, which rules, bye-laws, and regulations, when made, shall be as binding and effectual as if the same had been specially enacted herein and hereby.

LIV. And whereas it is of great importance for the preservation of the lives and properties' of the inhabitants of the scud town and precincts thereof, that proper fire en» gines Should be provided and kept within said town, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after pas* sing this act.it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of, and they are hereby required to provide a Vice tnifaff. good and sufficient fire engine or fire engines, with pipes.

Duckets, and all other implements necessary for working the same, and to appoint such persons to attend and work same, at such yearly salaries as the said of shall think proper, provided always that such Salaries shall not exceed in the whole the sum of ten pounds for each fire enginer such salaries and other the expences attending the same, to be applotted and levied as other taxes are herein before directed to be levied.

Sovereign or

LV. And be it further enacted, That wheresoever in and jpxte* may by this act the oath of a witness is required, to the convic* S^owrriew tien of any person who shall have been guilty of making, committing, causing, or suffering any of the nuisance, annoyance or obstruction, herein and hereby prohibited, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said sovereign of the said town, or any justice of the peace of the said county of Antrim, upon his or their own view of any such offence with-put such oath as aforesaid* to convict every such often* der, any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Letie of springs

LVI. And whereas the late marquis of Donegal did, in P* the year of our lord, one thousand seven hundred and ttmety-

m*rquis of*^ve* grant a lease to the Belfast charitable society for the Donegal to cha- term of sixty-one years, of certain springs and fountains of riuble society. water contiguous to the said town, for the purpose of supplying the inhabitants of said town with pure wholesome water, in consequence'whereof the said society has expended a large sum of money in conveying water from such springs and fountains into said town, and in erecting a reservoir or bason for containing the same within said town, and other works, and in introducing main pipes into some of the principal streets in said town, from which water may be conveyed by lesser pipes or branches into the dwelling-houses in said town, whicnt must greatly conduce to the health and convenience of the inhabitants, and* to the security and safety of the town.

No provision

LVII. And whereas no provision was or could be made made to compel in the said lease for compelling the inhabitants or occupiers' inhabitants to Of housed in said town to pay for the use of such 'water, by ?wtcr.r 8UCli means whereof the said, society is prevented from raising that

revenue

The Fortieth Year of George III.

97

revenue therefrom, which wag intended by the said marquis of Donegal for the support of the poor of the said town, and also from erecting public fountains for the use of the poor, be it it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That 'yhJ, tlums from and after the passing of this act, and for and during Jed the continuance of the said lease, and of all and every re-said water, newal and renewals to be had or gotten thereof, every owner or occupier of every dwelling-house in the said town of Belfast, which is go situated that it may receive the benefit of such water, if such occupier shall think proper so to do, and which dwelling-house snail be valued in manner herein after mentioned, at the annual relit or sum of five pounds or upwards, shall pay to the said gociety, or their successors, or to the person and persons by them authorized to receive the same, a certain annual relit, or sum of money for such water, proportioned to the annual value of such dwelling-house, provided the same shall n6t exceed the sum of forty shillings by the year for any one house, such annual gum to be paid as aforesaid, to be ascertained and applotted on such dwelling-houses by twelve inhabitants of the said v town, to be chosen as pipe-water applotters annually by the inhabitants of the parish of Belfast assembled in vestry, such.e water a pipe-water applotters so to be chosen by such vestry, to be piouers to be" qualified in every respect as herein before specified and re- chosen, as here-quired with respect to other applotters, which pipe-water awora, applotters so appointed, shall within twenty-one days after their appointment, proceed to ascertain the annual value of the different houses within the said town, (having first taken an'oath before the sovereign of Belfast for the time being, fairly and impartially to value the same, and tq applot proportionably to such value) and shall applot the sums to he paid for pipe-water by the inhabitant, occupier of each house, in proportion to the respective values of the several houses so ascertained as aforesaid; provided that in Case any owner or owners of such dwelling-houses shall think aptJeai to com-himself or themselves over-rated or aggrieved by such ap- mSsionen. plotment, it shall and may be lawful to and for such owner or owners to appeal from such applotment to the of in and by this act before nominated and appointed, who are hereby empowered finally to hear and determine the same, and the merits of such appeal.

LVIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing oP this act, it shall and may be lawful for the president and assistants of the said Belfast charitable society from time to time as occasion may require, to make agreement or agreements with all brewers, maltsters, distillers, sugar-bakers, tanness, skinners, ' dyers, butchers, and slaughterers, inn-keepers, or any other description of persons, tfadesmen, or manufacturers,

who

Vol. XII. G

BS The Fortieth Year of George III.

ChAriubte m- who hate any extraordinary consumption of water for a suf-a^wmStTwith ^c*ent quantity of water according to their respective con-

persons who sumptions, provided the sum to be paid or -----1

have an i ' " "

an extraor- paid by any person or persons as before described, for his dlnary oon»

sumption of water.

Society may distrain for water-money.

supply of water in any one y&ar, shall not exceed the sum of thirty-four pounds two shillings and six-pence sterling by the year.

LIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ' That if any person neglect or refuse to pay the annual rents ap-plottedand ascertained as herein before directedfor twenty-one days after personal demand made thereof, or demand in writing left atYhe place of abode, or in the occupation of the person so directed to pay said rents, it shall and may be lawful to and for the president and assistants of the said charitable society, or their officers or receiver appointed to receive the said annual rents by warrant under the hand and seal of the sovereign of said town, or other magistrate in his absence, which warrant the said sovereign is hereby authorized and required to grant, to enter into the houses and lands within said town,occupied bjf persons so chargeable with said rents, and to distrain their goods and chattels; and if said annual relit shall hot be paid within ten days after such distress taken, together with the costs of such distress, to be ascertained by the sovereign of the said town, then to sell so much, and such part thereof as will be sufficient to pay the said relit, with all costs and charges attending the same, returning the overplus (if any) to the owners of such goods and chattels.

LX. And whereas many houses are let out in lodgings or jtenements to divers tenants, be it enacted by the authority lodgSiiL1ct m aforesaid. That then and in such case the relit payable out, of such*house, at the rates before mentioned under the re-

gulations of this act, shall be paid, and the said president and assistants are hereby empowered to levy the same from the owner or owners of such houses or tenements, or from the occupier or occupiers of any part of such houses or tenements, in such manner as other distresses and sales are by this act directed, and such occupier or occupiers of such tenements, being parts of houses, are hereby required and authorized to pay such sums as are herein.before mentioned, to be applotted on such tenement in pursuance of this act, and to deduct the same out of the relit of his or their holdings, and the owners or proprietors are required to allow such deductions and payments upon the receipt of the residue of the relit, ana all such tenants paying suqh annual rents for water, shall be acquitted and discharged for so much as such rents amounts to, as if the same was actually paid to sifeh persons to" whom the rents of their holdings snould have been due and payable.

Payment of water-money

The Fortieth Year of George Hr, 99

LXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every brewer, maltster, distiller, tanner, sugar-baker, skinner, dyer, and every other person or persons who shall make use of the said waters in their several occupations or manufactures, shall pay for the said water agree- Persons wh ably to the mode herein before prescribed, according to their respective consumptions and agreements for that purpose be-pay accordingly, tween them and the said society, provided said sum so to be not excwding agreed on shall not exceed the sum of thirty-four pounds f^f8*^a two shillings and six pence, in any one year to each person.

LXIL. And be it further enacted by the authority' afore- Society may said, that the president and assistants of the said society may wateJ>

and are hereby empowered to make such regulations for the better improvement of said water-works, and to lay down such main pipes in the said town as to them may seem expedient.

LXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Where there said. That in case any house in the said town shall, at any shall be no wartime or times, for the space of three days successively, want water through the negligence or inattention of the through negiir said society, or any of the officers employed by them in the|ence, one said works, in such case and pot otherwise, it shall and may mon may^er be lawful for the owner or occupier of such house or houses retained. 7 to retain out of the annual relit payable by him or them for 'the water of such house or houses, one-fourth part of the said relit for the said relit in which such omission or default shall happen, as a compensation for such want or detention of water, provided always that nothing in this act contained Not to affect shall extend, or be deemed, construed, or taken to extend mf^Dor^gaL.to affect the right, title, and interest of the present Mar- or hi« heirs, quis of Donegal, his heirs and assigns, of, in, and to the said water springs and fountains, but the same shall be, and remain and continue as the some would have remained and continued if this act had never been made: and provided also that nothing herein contained shall prevent, hinder, or impede, or be deemed or taken to prevent, hinder, or impede the said marquis and his heirs, to demise and set water springs and fountains for the further use and accommodation of the said town of Belfast or any part thereof.

LXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Commissioners said. That the said of shall be called and known, commissioners and sue and be sued, and defend in all actions brought by or of the town of" against them by the name of the commissioners of the police of Belfast, the town of Belfast, and that if any action or actions be brought or suit or suits at law be commenced in any of his Majesty's 'courts within this kingdom, against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, or in relation to the premises, such action or actions, suit or suits, shall be commenced within six months next ensuing after the com- Actions to committing of the alleged cause of action, and the venue in such mence within 6

G2 action months, and

The Fortieth Year of George in.

venue laid in co. action or actions, shall be laid within the said county of Antrim, Antrim. and not elsewhere. Andit shall be lawful to and for the defendant

Defendant or defendants, in such suit or suits to plead the general issue, may plead the and to give this act, and the special matter in evidence, and general issue. jf matter alleged to have been done and committed, shall appear not to have been done and committed, or if such action or suit shall not be brought and commenced within the time herein before limitted for that purpose, or the venue shall be laid within any other county or place than the said county of Antrim, the jury impannelled to try the same shall find a verdict for the defendant or defendants, and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such action or actions become nonsuited, or suffer discontinuance or verdict pass against the Treble cost to pk"itiff, or & upon demurrer judgment be given against defendant, if the plaintiffs, the said defendant or defendants shall have plaintiff be non- treble costs, and such remedy for recovering the same as in suited, &c. other cases is usual.

Costs and

LXV. And be it further enacted and declared, That the copts

charges of this and charges of obtaining this act, and all other charges and ex-P*11068 relative thereto, shall be borne*, defrayed, and paid by paving, &c. such persons as shall be rateable towards paying the charges of paving, lighting, and cleansing the streets, lanes, and places therein as aforesaid, and shall be raised and levied in like manner as the said sums of money for paving, cleansing, and lighting the said streets, lanes, and places are herein before provided and directed to be raised and leviedyfor the defraying and discharging of which costs and charges, an ap-plotment according to the provisions and directions aforesaid, shall be made within two months after the passing of this act, and the money arising therefrom is hereby directed to be paid into the hands of the said of, to be by them applied to the payment of the costs and charges of obtaining this act, and of the soliciting the same, any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a public act, and be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other persons whatsoever without specially pleading the same.

LXVII. Whereas the old church-yard or burying place in the said town of Belfast, is situated nearly in the centre of the said town, and by means of the encrease of population therein, the same has become insufficient for the purposes intended; and whereas the water from the sea occasionally overflows the said yard, and the burying of dead bodies yard, si penalty therein by the reason and means aforesaid, is become a pub-rare* lie-in nu^sance, for remedy whereof the late marquis of Dc-

amTso foror* negal granted a piece of ground above the poor-house and dering. infirmary of said town, but notwithstanding several dead

2 bodies

A public act.

No dead bodies shall be buried in old church-

101

The Fortieth Year of George III.

bodies are fromr time to time buried and interred in the old burying ground, be it enacted therefore by the authority aforesaid, That from and immediately after the passing of this act, no dead bodies whatsoever shall be interred in the said old church-yard or burying ground, and that the sovereign of the said town for the time being, and every other magistrate of the said county of Antrim, who shall witness, or be informed of any such intended offence shall, and he and they are hereby authorized and required to prevent the same; and that every person who shall dig, or assist in digging any grave, for the purpose of interring any dead body within the said church-yard, shall forfeit the sum of five pounds; and every person by whose order, command, or procurement any such grave shall be dug, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds for every such offence, to be levied in such manner as other penalties are herein before directed to be levied, and to be applied to the general purposes of thi# act.

CHAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland,

Whereas in pursuance of his Majesty's most gracious The parliament* recommendation to the two houses of parliament in Great of Great Britain Britain and Ireland respectively, to consider of such mea- ^solved tocon* sures as might best tend to strengthen and consolidate the Cur in measures connexion between the two kingdoms, the two houses of the for uniting the parliament of Great Britain, and the two houses of the par-two kingdom8 8 liament of Ireland have severally agreed and resolved, that in order to promote and secure the essential interests of Great Britain and Ireland, and to consolidate the strength, power, and resources of the British empire, it will be adviseable to concur in such measures as may best tend to unite the two kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, into one kingdom, in such manner, and on such terms and conditions, as may be established by the acts of the respective parliaments of Great Britain and Ireland.

And whereas in furtherance of the said resolution, both said parliament* houses of the said two parliaments respectively have likewise have agreed upon agreed upon certain articles for effectuating and establishing ), he said purposes in the tenor following

ARTICLE FIRST.

That it_be the first article of the union of the king- Great Britain t domsof Great Britain and Ireland, that the said kingdoms an4 Ireland to

of

The Fortieth Year of George III.

*uBi*d*>r of Great Britain and Ireland shall,upon the first day of ercr from l Jan. january> which shall be in the year of our lord one thousand eight hundred and one, and for ever, be united into one kingdom, by the name of* the United Kingdom of Great Britain ana Ireland, " and that the royal stile and titles appertaining to the imperial crown of the said united kingdom and its dependencies, and also the ensigns, armorial flags and banners thereof, shall be such as his Majesty by his royal proclamation under the great seal of the united kingdom shall be pleased to appoint.

ARTICLE SECOND.

Succession to the crown to continue u at present.

That it be the second article of union, that the succession to the imperial crown of the said united kingdom, and of the dominions thereunto belonging, shall continue limited and settled in the same manner as the succession to the imperial crown of the said kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland now stands limited and setfied, according to the existing laws, and to the terms of union between England and Scotland.

ARTICLE THIRD.

One parliament. That it be the third article of union, that the said united kingdom be represented in one and the same parliament, to be sided " The parliament of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland."

ARTICLE FOURTH.

4 Spiritual and That it be the fourth* article of union that four lords spi-lor^nto dtfor ritual Ireland, by rotation oT sessions, and twenty-eight Ireland, and loo lords temporal of Ireland, elected for life by the peers of Ire-commoners. land, shall be the number to sit and vote on the part of Ireland in the house of lords of the parliament of the united kingdom, and one hundred commoners, (two for each county of Ireland, two for the city of Dublin, two for the city of Cork, one for the university of Trinity college, and one for each of the thirty-one most considerable cities, towns, and boroughs) be the number to sit and vote on the part of Ireland in the house of commons of the parliament of the united kingdom.

' The represents That such act as shall be passed in the parliament of Ire-tionact shall be land previous to the union, " to regulate the mode by which the

4

The Fortieth Year of George III.

m

" the lord* spiritual and temporal, and the commons to servfe congi^?i M " in the parliament of the united kingdom on the part of " Ireland, shall be summoned and returned to the said parliament, " shall be considered as forming part of the treaty of union, and shall be incorporated in the acts of the respective parliaments, by which the said union shall be ratified and established.

That all questions touching the rotation or election of Rotationp<i lords spiritual or temporal of Ireland to sit in the parliament anil*

of the United kingdom, shall be decided by the house of temporal, lords thereof; and whenever by reason of an equality of votes in the election of any such lords temporal, a complete election shall not be made according to the true intent of this article, the names of those peers for whom such equality of votes shall be so given, shall be written on pieces of paper of a similar form, and shall be put into a glass by the clerk of nie parliaments, at the table of the house of lords, whilst the house is sitting, and the peer or peers, whose name or names shall be first drawn out by the clerk of the parliaments, shall be deemed the peer or peers elected, as the case may be.

That any person holding any peerage of Ireland now sub->eC[lTS sisting, or hereafter to be created, shall not thereby be dis- to^peew, hut qualified from being elected to serve, if he shall so think fit, serve as British or from serving, or continuing to serve, if he shall so think commoners, fit, for any county, city, or borough of Great Britain, in the {fine tieycannot house of commons of the united kingdom, unless he shall be elected to have been previously elected as above to sit in the house of8ePve M P«w lords of the united kingdom, but that so long as such peer of Ireland shall so continue to be a member of the house of commons, he shall not be entitled to the privilege of peerage, nor be capable of being elected to serve as a peer on the part of Ireland, or of voting at any such election, and that he shall be liable to be sued, indicted, proceeded against, and tried as a commoner, for any offence; with which he may be charged.

That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and sue- Creation of Irish cessors, to create peers of that part of the united kingdom, P6"* called Ireland, and to make promotions in the peerage thereof, after the union, provided that no new creation of any such peers shall take place after the union, until three of the peerages of Ireland, which shall have been existing at the time of the dnion, shall have become extinct, and upon such extinction of three peerages, that it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to create one peer of that part of the united kingdom, called Ireland, and in like manner, so often as three peerages of that part of the united kingdom, called Ireland, shall become extinct, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to create one other peer of the said part of the united kingdom; and if it

shall

1The Fortieth Year of George III.

ihaH happen that the peers of that part of the united Icing-dom, called Ireland, shall by extinction of peerages, or otherwise, be reduced to the number of one hundred, exclusive of all such peers of that part of the united kingdom, called Ireland, as shall hold any peerage of Great Britain, subsisting at the time of the union, or of the united kingdom created since the union, by which such peers shall be entitled to an hereditary seat in the house of lords of the united kingdom, then and m that case it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to create one peer of that part of the united kingdom, called Ireland, as often as any one of such one hundred peerages shall fall by extinction, or as often as any one peer of that part of the united kingdom, called Ireland, shall become entitled by descent or creation to an hereditary seat in the house of lords of the nnited kingdom, it being the true intent and meaning of this article, that at all times after the union, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, - to keep up the peerage of that part of the united kingdom, called Ireland, to the number of one hundred, over and above the number of such of the said peers as shall be entitled by de-" scent or creation to an hereditary seat in the house of lords of the united kingdom.

In what cases That if any peerage shall at any time be in abeyance, peerages may be such peerage shall be deemed and taken as an existing How mie^ions1 Peerage> and no peerage shall be deemed extinct, unless on touching elec- default of claimants to the inheritance of such peerage, for tien of Irish the space of one year from the death of the person who shall be^ecidtd!^ave been last possessed thereof, and if no claim shall be made to the inheritance of such peerage, in such form and manner as may from time to time be prescribed by the house of lords of the united kingdom, before the expiration of the said period of a year, then and in that case such peerage shall be deemed extinct, provided that nothing herein shall exclude any person from afterwards putting in a claim-to the peerage so deemed extinct, and if such claim shall be allowed as valid by the judgment of the house of lords of the united kingdom reported to his Majesty, such peerage shall be considered as revived, and in case any new creation of a \ peerage of that part of the united kingdom called Ireland,

1 shall have taken place in the interval, in consequence of the supposed extinction of such peerage, then no new right of creation shall accrue to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, in consequence of the next extinction which shall take place of any peerage of that part of the united kingdom, called Ireland.

How questions That all questions touching the election of members to sit tien oj^lrishC- 0I. ^ie part Ireland in the house of commons of the united commoners shall kingdom, shall be heard and decided in the same manner as decided. questions touching such ejections in Great Britain now are,

r pi*

The Fortieth Year of George III.'

105

or at any time hereafter shall by law be heard and decided, subject nevertheless to such particular regulations in respect of Ireland, as from local circumstances the parliament of the united kingdom may from time to time deem expedient.

That the qualifications in respect of property of the mem- Qualification# as bers elected on the part of Ireland, to sit in the house of com-common-monsof the united kingdom, shall be respectively the same exs^lmUbTs^e as are now provided by law, in the cases of elections for as in England, counties and cities, and boroughs respectively, in that part of Great Britain, called Fngland, unless any other provision shall hereafter be made in that respect by actfcf parliament of the united kingdom.

That when his Majesty, his heirs or successors, shall declare how the oarfia-his, her, or their pleasure for holding the first, or any subse- ment of the quest parliament of the united kingdom, a proclamation shall issue under the great seal of the united kingdom, to tuted. C0Dttl- cause the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, who are to serve in the parliament thereof on the part of Ireland, to be returned in such manner as by any act of this present session of the parliament of Ireland shall be provided, and that the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons of Great Britain shall, together with the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons so returned as aforesaid on the part of Ireland, constitute the two houses of the parliament of the united kingdom.

That if his Majesty, on or before the first day of January, In what case the one thousand eight hundred and one, on which day the union present mentis to take place, shall declare, under the great seal of Great houses in Great Britain, that it is expedient that the lords and commons of shall be member# the present parliament of Great Britain Should be the mem- ^e^ofp^a" hers of the respective houses of the first parliament of the Silted kingdom; united kingdom on the part of Great Britain, then the said lords and commons of the present parliament of Great Britain shall accordingly be the numbers of the respective houses of the first parliament of the united kingdom on the part of Great Britain, and they, together with the lords spiritual and tem* poral, and commons so summoned and returned as above, on the part of Ireland, shall be the lords spiritual and temporal _and commons of the first parliament of the united kingdom, and such first parliament may, (in that case) if not sooner dissolved, continue to sit so long as the present parliament of Great Britain may now by law continue to sit, if not sooner -dissolved: Provided always, that until an act shall have passed in the parliament of the united kingdom, providing in what cases persons holding offices or places of profit under the iXh com-11 crown in Ireland, shml be ^incapable of being members of the moners holding house of commons of the parliament of the united kingdom, places shall sit iq no greater number of members than twenty holding such {^ent^lnd^if offices or places as aforesaid, shall be capable of sitting in more be' return-, the said house of commons of the parliament of the united ed, the seats of

Gc 2

The Fortieth Year of George NIIL

Oaths to be taken as now prescribed by parliament of Great Britain.

Privileges, rights, rank, and precedency of lords spiritual and temporal in the imperial parliament.

kingdom; and if such a number of members shall be returned to serve in the said house, as to make the whole number of members of the said house holding such offices or places as aforesaid more than twenty, then and in such case the seats or places of such members as shall have last accepted such offices or places shall be vacated, at the option of such members, so as to reduce the number of members holding such offices or places to the number, twenty; and no person holding any such office or place, shall be capable of being elected, or of sitting in the said house, while there are twenty persohs holding such offices or places sitting in the said house; and that every one of the lords of parliament of the united kingdom, and every member of the house of commons of the united kingdom, in the first and all succeeding parliaments, shall, until the parliament of the united kingdom shall otherwise provide, take the oaths, and make and subscribe the declaration, and take and subscribe the oath now by law enjoined to be taken, made and subscribed by the lords and commons of the parliament of Great Britain.

That the lords of parliament on the part of Ireland, in the house of lords of the united kingdom, shall at all tripes have the same privileges of parliament which shall belong to the lords of parliament on the part of Great Britain, and the lords spiritual and temporal iespectively on the part of Ireland, shall at all times have the same rights in respect of their sitting and voting upon the trial of peers as the lords spiritual and temporal respectively on the part of Great Britain; and that all lords spiritual of Ireland shall have rank and precedency next, and immediatly after the lords spiritual of the same rank and degree of Great Britain, and snail enjoy all privileges as fully as the lords spiritual of Great Britain do now, or may hereafter enjoy the same, the right and privilege of sitting in the house of lords, and the priyileges depending thereon, and particularly the right of sitting on the trial of peers, excepted; tnd that the persons holding any temporal peerages of Ireland, existing at the time of the union, shall, from and after the union, have rank and precedency next, and immediately after all the persons holding peerages of the like orders and degrees in Great Britain subsisting at the time of the union; and that all peerages of Ireland, created after the union, shall have rank and precedency with the peerages of the united kingdom so created, according to the dates of their creations; and that all peerages, both of Great Britain and Ireland* now subsisting, or hereafter to be created, shall in all other respects from the date of the union be considered as peerages of the united kingdom, and that the peers of Ireland shaS as peers of the united kingdom, be sued and tried as peers, except as aforesaid, and shall enjoy all privileges of peers as fully as

The Fortieth Year of George III. 107

the peers of Great Britain; the right and privilege of sitting in the house of lords, and the privileges depending thereon, and the right of sitting on the trial of peers only excepted.

ARTICLE FIFTH.

That it be the fifth article of union, that the churches Churchet of of England and Ireland, as now by law established, be united into one protestant episcopal church, to be called, " The into one;

" united church of England and Ireland and that the doctrine, worship, discipline and government of the said united church snail be, and shall remain in full force for ever, as the same are now by law established for the church of England; and that the continuance and preservation of the said united church, as the established church of England and Ireland, shall be deemed and taken to be an essential and fundamental part of the union; and that in like manner the doctrine, worship, discipline, and government of the church of Scotland shall remain, and be preserved as the Scotland^ ccw church of Scotland shall remain, and be preserved as the tinueas atpre-same are now established b£ law, and by the acts for the $ent established, union of the two kingdoms of England and Scotland.

ARTICLE SIXTH.

That it be the sixth article of union, that his Majesty's Subjects of subjects of Great Britain and Ireland shall, from and after the first day of January, one thousand eight hundred and on ^me foot. one, be entitled to the same privileges, and be on the same ing from 1 Jan. footing as to encouragements and bounties on the like arti-1801* cles, being the growth, produce, or manufacture of either country respectively, and generally in respect of trade and navigation in all ports and places in the united kingdom and its dependencies; and that in all treaties made by his Majesty, his heirs and successors, with any foreign power, his Majesty's subjects of Ireland shall have the same privileges, and be on the same footing as his Majesty's subjects of Great Britain.

That from the first day of January, one thousand eight No duty or hundred and one, all prohibitions and bounties on the ex- bounty on export of articles the growth, produce, or manufacture of proSice^f one either country to the other, shall cease and determine; and country to tire that the said articles shall thenceforth be exported from one other* country to the other, without duty or bounty on such export.

That all articles the growth, produce, or manufacture of^ar*fj?es -either country, (not herein after enumerated as subject to Stitercountir specific duties) snail from thenceforth be imported into each shall be import-country from the other free from duty, other than such ©d free from

duie 1.

duties in schedule 2. to be paid for 20 years;

duty on woollen manufacture.

Duties on salt, hops, and coals into Ireland as at present.

Regulation respecting calicoes and muslins;

also respecting

cottoti yarn and cotton twist.

Produce of either country, subject to internal duty, shall on importation into each country be subject to countervailing jiutv, 8cc. vide schedule 1. A jUiil B.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

countervailing duties on the several articles enumerated In the schedule, No. I. A. and B. hereunto annexed, as are therein specified, or such other countervailing duties as shall hereafter be imposed by the parliament of the united kingdom in the manner herein after provided; and that for the period of twenty years from the union, the articles enumerated in the schedule, No. II. hereunto annexed, shall be subject, on importation into each country from the other, to the duties specified in the said schedule, No. H. And the woollen manufactures, known by the names of old and new drapery, shall pay on importation into each country from the other the duties now payable on importation into Ireland.

Salt and hops, on importation into Ireland from Great Britain, duties not exceeding those which are now paid on importation into Ireland; and coals on importation into Ireland from Great Britain, shall he subject to burthens not exceeding those to which they are now subject.

That callicoes and muslins shall, on their importation into either country from the other, be subject and liable to the duties now payable on the same, on the importation thereof from Great Britain into Ireland, until the fifth day of January, one thousand eight hundred and eight; and from and after the said day the said duties.shall be annually reduced by equal proportions as near as may be- in each year, so as that the said duties shall stand at ten per centum From and after the fifth day of January, one thousand eight hundred and sixteen, until the fifth day of January, one thousand eight hundred and twenty-one; and that cotton yarn and cotton twist shall, on their importation into either country from the other, be subject and liable to the duties now payable upon the same on the importation thereof from Great Britain into Ireland, until the fifth day of Ja-; nuary, one thousand eight hundred and eight; and from and after the said tlay the said duties shall be annually reduced by equal proportions as near as may be in each year, so as that an duties shall cease on the said articles, from and after the fifth day of January, one thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

That any articles of the growth, produce, or manufacture of either country, which are or may be subject to internal duty, or to duty on the materials of which they are composed, may be made subject, on their importation into each country respectively from the other, to such countervailing duty as shall appear to be just and reasonable in respect of such internal duty or duties on the materials, and that for the said purposes the articles specified in the said schedule, No. I. A. and B. shall be subject to the duties set forth therein, liable to be taken off, diminished, or encreased in the manner herein specified, and that upon the export

109

The Fortieth Year of George III.

of the said articles from each country to the other respectively, a drawback shall be given equal in amount to the countervailing duty payable on such articles on the import thereof into the same country from the other, and that in like manner in future, it shall be competent to the united parliament to impose any new or additional countervailing duties, or to take off or diminish such existing countervailing duties as may appear on like principles to be just and reasonable, in repect of any future or additional internal duty on any article of the growth, produce, or manufacture of either country, or of any new or additional duty on any materials of which such article may be composed, or of any abatement of duty on the same, and that when any such new or' additional countervailing duty shall be so imposed on the import of any article into either country from the other, a drawback equal in amount to such countervailing duty shall be given in like manner on the export of every such article respectively from the same country to the other.

That all articles the growth, produce, or manufacture of Sam* charges on either country, when exported through the other, shall in all J^t^count cases be exported subject to the same charges, as if they exported01^ had been exported directly from the country of which they through the were the growth, produce, or manvifacture. other.

That all duty charged on the import of foreign or colo- Regulations nial goods into either country, shall, on their export to the respecting duty other, be either drawn back, or the amount (if any be re- °n c.olomal or tained) shall be placed to the credit of the country to which torelgn pro uce? they shall be so exported, so long as the expenditure of the united kingdom shall be defrayed by proportional contributions; provided always that nothing herein shall extend to take away any duty, bounty, or prohibition which exists with respect to corn, meal, malt, flour, or biscuit, but that all duties, bounties, or prohibitions on the said articles may be regulated, varied or repealed from, time to tinie as the united parliament shall deem expedient.

SCHEDULE

SCHEDULE No. I.

Of the articles to be charged with countervailing duties upon importation, from Great Britain, and from Great Britain into Ireland respectively, according to th< of union.

Ireland into the sixth article

O

o

eg.

A.

ARTICLES.

I

Beer. — For every barrel consisting of thirty-six gallons. English beer measure, of Irish beer, ale or mum, which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from Ireland, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity, to be paid by the importer thereof.

Bricks and Tiles. — For every thousand of Irish bricks - For every thousand of Irish plain dies For every thousand of Irish pan or ridge tiles - For every hundred of Irish paving dies, not exceeding ten inches square For every hundred of Irish paving tiles exceeding ten inches square For every thousand of Irish tiles, other than such as are herein before enumerated and described, by whatsoever name or names such tiles are or may he called or known.

Candles. — For every pound rweight avoirdupois of Irish candles of tallow, and other

Customs. Excise.

£ s. d. £ s. d.

0 0 0 0 8 o

0 0 0 0 5 0

0 0 0 0 4 10

0 0 0 0 12 10 1

0 0 0 0 2 5

o o o 0 4 10 '

0 0 0 0 4 10

B.

On importation into Ireland from Great Britain. ARTICLES.

BEER.

For and upon every barrel containing thirty-two gallons imported from Great Britain

GLASS BOTTLES.

Fdr and upon each reputed quart

LEATHER, unmanufactured

For and upon each pound in every hide or skin or piece of any such hide or skin, of what kind or denomination soever, other than such as are herein after mentioned and described For and upon each hide of horses, mares or geldings

For and upon all skins called veal skins, and all skins of hogs, for every dozen skins thereof, and after the same rate for any greater or less quantity Fer and upon all skins for shoes and other like purposes, and all seal skins, for every dozen thereof,

£ t. rf.

0 4 6

0 0 oi

0 0 1 0 0 1

0 6 0

SCHEDULE No. I. continued.

O

o

a*

A. On importation into Great Britain from Ireland. ARTICLES. Customs. Excise.

"candles whatsover (except wax and sper- £ a. d. £ s. d.

maceti) For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irish candles which may be made of wax or spermaceti, or which are usually called or sold either for wax or spermaceti, notwithstanding 0 0 0 0 10

the mixture of any other ingredient therewith Chocolate, &c.--For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irish cocoa, cocoa-paste or cho- 0 0 0 0 0 3£

colate - Cordage, viz. — To be used as standing rigging, or other cordage made from topt hemp, the 0 0 0 0 2 0

ton, containing twenty hundred weight Of any other sort, cable yarn, packthread, and twine, the ton, containing twenty hundred 4 10 3 0 0 0

weight. Cyder and Perry. — For every hogshead consisting of sixty-three gallons English wine measure of Irish cyder and perry which shall be imported as merchandize or for sale, and which shall be sent or consigned to any factor 4 4 4 0 0 0

or agent to sell or dipose of Glass. — For every square foot superficial mea- 0 0 0 0 19 2

sure of Irish plate glass For every hundred weight of Irish flint enamel, 0 0 0 0 2 2±

stained paste or phial glas« 0 0 0 2 3 6

B.

On importation into Irtland from Great Britain. ARTICLES.

and after the same rate for any greater or less quantity

For and upon all skins for bookbinders use, for every dozen thereof, and after the same rate for any greater or less quantity For and upon all goat skins tanned with shumack or otherwise to resemble Spanish leather, and all sheep skins tanned for roans, being after the nature of Spanish leather, for every pound weight avoirdupois

For and upon all sheep and lamb skins tanned for gloves and basils, for every pound weight avoirdupois, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

LEATHER dressed in OiL

hide and skin, other than such as are herein after mentioned or described, for every pound weight avoirdupois

For and upon all deer skins, goat skins and beaver skins, for every pound weight thereof avoirdupois For and upon all calf skins, for every pound weight thereof avoirdupois For and upon all sheep and lamb skins, for every pound weight avoirdupois.

£ t. d. 0 2 6

0 10

0 0 1 0 0 0J

0 0 2 0 0 S 0 0 2 0 0 1*

The Fortieth Year of George III.

SCHEDULE No. I. continued.

O

O

FT

A.

On importation into Great Britain from Ireland.

ARTICLES. Customs.* 1 Excise.

2

M

For every hundred weight of Irish spread win-

dow glass, commonly called broad glass - ! For every hundred weight of Irish window glass (not being spread glass) whether flashed or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known by the name of crown glass or German sheet glass For every hundred weight of vessels made use of in chemical laboratories and of garden glasses, and of all other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal manufactured in Ireland, common bottles excepted For every hundred weight of any sort of species of Irish glass not herein before enumerated or described -

Bottles of common green glass, the dozen quarts

Hops. — Eor every pound weight avoirdupois of Irish hops

Leather, unmanufactured. — For every pound weight avoirdupois of hides of what kind soever, and of calf skins, kips, hog skins, do# skins and seal skins, tanned in Ireland, and of sheep skins and lamb skins, so tanned for gloves and bazils, which shall be imported in the whole hide or skin, and neither cut nor diminished in any respect whatever

£ s. d. £, s. d.

0 0 0 0 8 1

0 0 0 199

0 0 0 0 4 01

0 0 0 2 2 0

0 090 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 13

5

0 0 0 0 0 11

B,

On importation into Ireland from Great Britain. ARTICLES

VELLUM and PARCHMENT.

For and upon every dozen skins of vellum For and upon every dozen skins of parchment

LEATHER manufactured into Goods and Wares.

For and upon all tanned leather manufactured into i goods and wares, whereof leather is the most valua-

1 ble part, the following duties, viz.

For and upon every pound weight avoirdupoise of tanned leather manufactured and actually made into goods and wares in Great Britain, of leather only, or of which leather makes the most valuable part.

For and upon every pound weight avoirdupois of tawed or dressed leather manufactured and actually made in Great Britain, of leather only, or of which leather makes the most valuable part For and upon every pound weight avoirdupoise of all buck and deer skins and elk skins dressed in oil, and manufactured into goods and wares in Great Britain, of leather only, or of which leather makes the most valuable part

£ s. 11

0 0 6 0 0 3

0 0 1

0 0 1

0 0 3

112 The Fortieth year of George III.

SCHEDULE No. I. continued.

O

O'

0§

ft

A.

o r

hh On importation into Great Britain from Ireland. ARTICLES.

For every dozen of goat skins, tanned in Ireland, to resemble Spanish leather For every dozen of sheep skins, tanned in Ireland, for roans, being after the nature of Spanish leather For every pound weight avoirdupois of all other hides or skins not herein before enumerated and described, and of all pieces and parts of hides or skins which shall be tanned in Ireland

For all hides of horses, mares, and geldings, ^which shall be dressed in allum and salt or meal, or otherwise tawed in Ireland, for each and every such hide For all hides of steers, cows, or any other hides of what kind soever, (those of horses, mares and geldings excepted) which shall be dressed in aUum and salt or meal, or otherwise tawed in Ireland, for each and every such hide For every pound weight avoirdupois of all calf skins, kips, and veal skins, which shall be so dressed in allum and salt or meal, or otherwise tawed in Ireland, and imported into Great Britain in the whole skin, neither cut nor diminished in any respect whatever For every dozen of slink calf skins which shall be so dressed in allum and salt or meal, or otherwise tawed with the hair on in Ires' land

Customs. Excise.

s£. s. tf, £nrd.

0 0 0 0 4 0

i I 0 0 0 0 2 3

0 0 0 0 0 6

0 0 0 0 16

0 0 0 0 3 0 j

0 0 0 o o 1}1

0 0 0 0 3 0

B.

On Importation into Ireland from Great Britain. ARTICLES.

s. d.

sheep and lamb skins dressed in oil, and manufactured into goods and wares, in Great Britain, of leather only, or of which leather makes the most valuable part -

: or and upon every pound weight of avoirdupois of all other hides and skins, not herein-before enumerated or described, dressed in oil, and manufactured into goods and wares, in Great Britain, of leather only, or of which leather makes the most valuable part -

PAPER.

For and upon every pound weight avoirdupois of paper fit or proper, for, or that may be used for, or applied to the uses or purposes of writing, drawing or printing, or either of them, and all elephant paper, and all cartridge paper

or every pound weight avoirdupois of all coloured paper, and whited brown papers, other than and except elephant and cartridge paper, fit or proper for the uses or purposes of wrapping up goods, and not fit or proper, or capable of being used for, or applied to the useslor purposes of writing, drawing, or printing, or either of them, and also except paper hangings

0 0 0}

0 0 2

0 0 2}

0 0 1

The Fortieth Year of George III.

SCHEDULE No. I. continued.

O

o

eg.

A.

On Importation into Great Britain from Ireland.

i

ARTICLES.

Leather, unmanufactured.

For every dozen of slink calf skins which shall be so aressed in allum and salt or meal, or otherwise tawed without hair in Ireland, and for every dozen of dog skins and kid skins, which shall be dressed in allum and salt or meal, or otherwise tawed in Ireland For every pound weight avoirdupois of buck and doe skins which shall be dressed in allum and salt or meal, or otherwise tawed in Ireland, and which shall be imported in the whole skin, and neither cut nor diminished in any respect whatever For every dozen of goat skins and beaver skins which shall be dressed in allum and salt or meal, or otherwise tawed in Ireland For every pound weight avoirdupois of sheep skins and lamb skins, which shall be dressed in allum and salt or meal, or otherwise tawed in Ireland, and which shall be imported in the whole skin, and neither cut nor diminished in any respect whatever For every pound weight avoirdupois of all other hides and, skins not herein before enumerated and described, and of all pieces or parts of hides, or skins, which shall be dressed in30 allum and salt or meal, or otherwise tawed in § Ireland

Customs

Excise,

B.

On importation into Ireland from Great Britain. ARTICLES.

£. s. d. £. s. d.

0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0

0 0 0

0 0 1

0 0 6 0 2 0

0 0 1*

0 0 6

PAPER.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of brown paper fit and proper for the use of purpose of wrapping up goods, and not fit or proper, or capable of being used for, or applied to the uses or purposes of writing, drawing, or printing, or either of them For and upon every one hundred weight of glazed proper for clothiers and hot pressers, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity For and upon every one hundred weight of paste board, mill-board, and scale-board, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity For and upon every pound weight of every sort or kind of paper, not herein before particularly enumerated or described, other than and except papers commonly called and known by the names of sheathing paper and button paper, or button board and paper hangings

STAINED PAPER.

For and upon every square yard of printed, painted, or stained paper for hangings or other uses, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity

£. s. d

0 0 0h 0 5 0 0 10 0

0 0 2h

0 0 X

The Tortietk Year of George III.

SCHEDULE No. I. continued.

O

O'.

eg

FT

A.

On importation into Great Britain from Ireland. ARTICLES.

For every pound wei

is of all buck.

i any respect whatever

For every pound weight avoirdupois of all sheep and lamb skins which shall be dressed in oil in Ireland

JlJFor every pound weight avoirdupois of all other hides and skins, and parts and pieces of hides and skins which shall be dressed in oil in Ireland

For every dozen of Irish vellum

For every dozen of Irish parchment

Leather, manufactured into goods and wares. For every pound weight avoirdupois of tanned leather manufactured, and actually made into goods or wares in Ireland -

For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irish made boots and shoes, and gloves, and other manufactures made of tawed or dressed leather

For every pound weight avoirdupois of all buck and deer skins, and elk % kins dressed in oil, and manufactured into goods and wares in Ireland

For every pound weight avoirdupois of all hr} sheep ana lamb skins dressed in oil, and <§ manufactured into goods or wares in Ireland -

Customs. Excise.

& t. d. «£. i. d.

0 0 0 0 10

0 0 0 0 0 3

0 0 0 0 0 6

0 0 0 0 3 5h

0 JO 0 0 1 81

0 0 0 0 0 lb

0 0 0 0 0 1

0 0 0 0 1 0

poo 0 0 3

B.

On importation into Ireland from Great Britain. ARTICLES.

For and upon every pound weight avoirdupois of books bound or unbound, and or maps or prints which shall be imported into Ireland from Great Britain

CARDS.

For and upon every pack of printed, painted, or playing cards made or manufactured in Great Britain

And a further duty'of 2hd. per lb. weight DICE.

For and upon every pair of dice made or manufactured in Great Britain

WROUGHT PLATE.

plate which shall be wrought, made, or manufactured in Great Britain, and imported into Ireland -

of the manufacture of Great directly from thence, the following duties, viz.

d upon all silks being Britain and imported

0 0 2

OIF

0 10 0

0 0 6

The Fortieth Year of George III.

SCHEDULE No- I. continued.

3

O

o

A.

On importation into Great Britain from Ireland-ARTICLES.

Leather, manufactured into goods and wares.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of all other hides and skins not herein before enumerated or described, dressed in oil, and manufactured into goods or wares in Ireland

Mead or Metheglin. — For every gallon English wine measure of Irish mead or metheglin

Paper — For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irish paper, fit or proper, or that may be used for, or applied to the uses or purposes of writing, drawing, or printing, or either of them, and of all Irish elephant papers and cartridge papers

For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irish coloured papers, and whited brown papers (other than and except elephant and cartridge papers) fit and proper for the use and purpose of wrapping up goods, and not fit or proper, or capable of being used for, or applied to the purposes of writing, drawing, and printing, or either of them.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irish brown paper fit and proper for the use and purpose of wrapping up goods, and not fit or proper, or capable of being used for or applied to the uses and purposes of writing, drawing, and printing, or either of them.

Customs.

Excise.

B.

On importation into Great Britain from Ireland. ARTICLES.

£. s. rf. £. s. d.

0 0 0 0 0 6 i

0 0 0 0 1 Oh

0 0 0 0 0 2h

0 0 0 0 0 1

0 0 0 0 0 0h 1

SILK MANUFACTURE.

For and upon all ribbons and stuffs of silk only, for every pound weight thereof containing sixteen ounces

For and upon all silk and ribbons of silk mixed with gold or silver, for every pound weight thereof containing sixteen ounces

For and upon all silk stockings, silk gloves, silk fringe, silk laces, stitching and sewing silk, for every pound weight thereof containing sixteen ounces

For and upon all manufactures of silk not otherwise enumerated or described, for every pound weight thereof containing sixteen ounces

For and upon all stuffs of silk and grogram yarn, the pound weight containing sixteen ounces

For and upon all stuffs of silk mixed with incle or cotton, the pound weight containing sixteen ounces

pound weight containing sixteen ounces

For and upon all stuffs of silk mixed with any other material, the pound weight containing sixteen ounces

J — d. 0 2 1 0 29

0 13

0 18

0 0 6 0 090 0 4 0 0 €

The Fortieth Year of George III.

SCHEDULE, No. I, continued.

O

o

A.

On importation into Great Britain From Ireland. ARTICLES.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of every sort or kind of Irish paper not herein before enumerated or described, sheathing and button-paper and button-board excepted.

For every one hundred weight of Irish paste board, mill-board and scale-board

For every one hundred weight of Irish glazed papers for clothiers and hot-pressers.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of books bound or unbound, and maps or prints which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from Ireland -

Printed Goods. — For every yard square of Irish printed, painted or stained papers to serve for hangings or other uses

For every yard in length reckoning yard-wide of foreign callicoes and foreign muslins, which shall be printed, painted, stained or dyed in Ireland (except such as shall be dyed throughout of one colour) over and above any duty of customs payable on the importation of foreign callicoes and muslins

Customs. Excise. B. On importation into Ireland from Great Britain. ARTICLES.

=&* «. d. 5. d. Spirits. — For and upon every gallon of spirits being of the manufacture of Great Britain and imported from thence a duty of

0 0 0 0 0 2}

0 0 0 0 10 6 Suoar. — Refined, of the manufacture of Great Britain, and imported directly from thence, the following

0 0 0 0 6 0 duties, viz. For and upon all sugar called bastards, white or ground the hundred weight containing 112 pounds For and upon all sugar called lumps, the hundred weight containing 112 pounds.- -

0 0 0 0 0 2

0 0 0 0 0 1} '* For and upon all sugar called single loaf sugar, the hundredweight containing 112 pounds For upon all sugar called powder loaf and double loaf, thehundred weight containing 112 pounds For and upon all sugar called sugar candy, brown, the hundredweight containing 112 pounds

0 0 0 o o n

«*. 9. dT

0*7

0 19 8

1 16 10}

1 19 4 £24 1 16 10

The fortieth Year of George III.

SCHEDULE, No. I. continded.

(D

o

c§

ft

A.

X)n importation into Great Britain from Ireland, ARTICLES.

Customs.

Printed Goods.

Tot every yard in length reckoning yard wide<)f all Irish printed, painted, stained or dyed Irish made callicoes, muslins, linens and stuffs made either of cotton or linen mixed with other materials, fustians, velvets, velverets, dimities and other figured stuffs made of cotton and other materials, mixed or wholly made of cotton wool (except such as shall be dyed throughout of one colour only)

For every yard in length reckoning yard wide of all Irish printed, stained, painted or dyed Irish made stuffs not before enumerated or described, (except such as shall be dyed throughout of one colour only) and except stuffs made of woollen, or whereof the greatest part in value shall be woollen -

For every yard in length reckoning half yard wide of all Irish printed, stained, painted or dyed silks (silk handkerchiefs excepted) over and above any duty of customs payable on the importation of silk.

For every yard square of Irish printed, stained,

painted or dyed silk handkerchiefs, and so in

proportion for wide or narrow silk handkerchiefs over and above every duty of customs payable OR silk

£. s. d.

0 0 0

Excise.

Jt. s. d.

0 0

0 0 0 0 0 Si

0 0 0

0 0 0

0 1 lj

0 0 41

B.

On importation into Ireland from Great Britain. ARTICLES.

Sugar.

For and upon all sugar called sugar candy, white, the hundred weight containing 112 pounds -

For and upon all sugar refined of any other sort, the hundred weight containing 112 pounds -

Swe ets. — For and upon every barrel containing thirty-two gallons wine measure of British sweets or other British liquormadebyinfusion, fermentation or otherwise from fruit or sugar, or from fruit and sugar mixed with any other material or ingredients whatsoever, commonly called sweets, or called or distinguished by the name of made wines

For and upon every gallon of mead or metheglin For and upon every barrel containing thirty-two gallons of vinegar

Tobacco and Snuff. — For and upon every pound weight avoirdupois of unmanufactured tobacco of the growth or produce of Great Britain, over and above any duty of customs now payable

£. x. d.

2 2 4

2 2 4

0 10 0

0 0 4 0 3 0

0 0

The Fortieth Year j/'deorge III.

SCHEDULE, No. I. continued.

O

o

n

A.

T)n Importation into Great Britain from Ireland. ARTICLES.

Balt. — For every bushel consisting of fifty-six pounds weight avoirdupois of Irish salt or Irish glauber or Irish epsom salt For every bushel consisting of sixty-five pounds weight avoirdupois of Irish rock salt

Si l x. — Manufacturers of libbons and stuffs of ilk only, the pound containing sixteen ounces

Note. — 'Two thirds of the weight of gauze and one third of the weight of crape is to be deducted for gum and dress.

Bilk and ribbons of silk mixed with gold or ril-ver, the pound containing sixteen ounces Silk stockings, silk gloves, silk fringe, silk laces, stitching or sewing silk, the pound containing eixteen ounces -Silk, manufacturers of, not otherwise enuxne-vated or described, the pound containing six* teen ounces

Staffs of silk and grogram yarn, the pound containing sixteen ounces

Stufls of silk mixed with inkle or cotton, the tn pound containing sixteen ounces

Customs.

£ f d.

O 0 0 0 0 0

0 5-0

0 0 6

0 6 0

0 4 0 0 1 2 0 18

Excise.

«.a d.

0 10 0 0 10 o

0 0 0

0 0 0

0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

B.

On importation into Ireland from Great Britain. ARTICLES.

For and upon every pound weight of British manufactured Short cut tobacco, or tobacco manufactured into what is commonly called and known by the name of Spanish

For and upon every pound weight of British manufactured shag tobacco, cut

For and upon every pound weight of British manufactured roll tobacco

For and upon every pound weight of British manufac-

I tured carrot tobacco

For and upon every pound weight of every other sortof British manufactured tobacco not herein before enumerated or described

For and upon every pound weight avoirdupois of British manufactured rappee snuff.

For and upon every pound weight of British manufactured snuff, called Scotch snuff.

For and upon every pound weight of British manufactured snuff, called browu Scotch snuff

«.d.

0 l o/o 0 0 11 0 1 0& 0 0 11

0 1 Ch'o 0 0 10* 0 14 0 0

The Fortieth Year of George III.

SCHEDULE, No. I. continued.

g

eg.

cr

b

On importation into Great Britain from Ireland.

r

ARTICLES.

Customs. Excise.

a£. i. d. £. t, d.

0 0 10 .0 13 0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2* 0 0 1|

0 0 0 0 5 1*

0 0 0 0 0 3*

B.

On importation into Ireland from Great Britain. ARTICLE.

Si£k.

Stuffs of silk and worsted, the pound containing sixteen ounces -

Stuffs of silk mixed with any other material, the pound containing sixteen ounces

Soap. — For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irish hard cake or bail soap

Tor every pound weight of Irish soft soap

Spirits, British. — For every gallon English wine measure of spirits, aqua vitas, or strong waters, which shall be distilled or made in Ireland!, and imported at a strength not exceeding one to ten over hydrometer proof -

Note — Spirits above the strength of one to ten wiu be charged in proportion, and on sweetened or compounded spirits the duty will be computed upon the highest degree of strength at which such spirits can be made.

Starch. — For every pound weight of Irish starch^or hair powder of what kind soever

Tobacco and Snuff.

tured stalk flower

For and upon every pound weight of every other kind of British a lanu&ctured snuff or snuff w< herein-before enumerated or described

sort or snuff work not

£. s. d.

0 13

0 14

The Fortieth Year of George III.

SCHEDULE, No. I. continued

' b

o

A. On importation into Great Britain from Ireland. ARTICLES. Customs. Excise.

Sugars, — refined, viz. called bastards, whole or £ s. d. £ #. rf.

ground, the hundred weight 0 18 2 0 0 0

Lumps, the hundred weight 1 4 Oh 0 0 0

Single loaf, the hundred weight Powder loaf, and double loaf, the hundred weight 1 16 4 1 19 1 0 0 0

Sugar candy, brown the hundred weight 1 14 0 0 0 0

Sugar candy, white, the hundred weight Sugar, refined, of any other sort, the hundred 1 19 1 0 0 0

weight - - Sweets. — For every barrel consisting of thirty one gallons and a half, English wine measure, of Irish sweets or other Irish liquor made by Infusion, fermentation, or otherwise, from fruit or sugar or from fruit or sugar mixed with any other materials or ingredients whatsoever, commonly called sweets, or called or distin- 1 19 1 0 0 0

guished by the name of made wines Tobacco and Snuff. — For every pound weight avoirdupois of unmanufactured tobacco, of the growth or produce of Ireland, over and above any duty of customs i 0 0 0 2 2 0

0 0 0 oiil

Tht Fortitth Year of George III. 121

SCHEDULE, No,

A. On importation into Great Britain from Ireland. ARTICLES. Customs. Excise.

Tobacco and Snuff. For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irish manufactured Short cut tobacco, or tobacco manufactured into what is commonly called £ s. d. £ s. d.

or known by the name of Spanish For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irish 0 0 0 0 17

manufactured shag tobacco For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irish 0 0 0 0 1

manufactured roll tobacco For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irish 0 0 0 0 17

manufactured carrot tobacco For every pound weight avoirdupois of every other sort of Irish manufactured tobacco, not 0 0 0 0 1 5*

herein before enumerated or described For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irish 0 0 0 0 1 7

manufactured rappee snuff. For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irish 0 0 0 0 4

manufactured Scotch snuff. For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irish 0 0 0 0 110J

-manufactured brown Scotch snuff For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irish 0 0 0 0 1 3|

manufactured tobacco stalk flour For every pound weight avoirdupois of every other sort or kind of Irish manufactured snuft, or snuff work not herein before enumerated 0 0 0 0 19

or described - - a l 0 0 0 0 1 101

I. continued.

SCHEDULE, No* I, continued*

A On importation into Great Britain from Ireland. ARTICLES. Customs. I Excise.

£ s. d. £ t. rf.

Tobacco, unmanufactured, the pound o O o oob

Verjuice. — For every hogshead consisting of sixty-three gallons, English wine measure, of Irish veijuice - 6 o o 0 7 8

Vinegar. — For every barrel consisting of thirty-tour gallons, English beer measure, of Irish vinegar 0 0 0 0 18 8}

Wire. — For every ounce troy weight of Irish gilt wire - 0 0 0 0 0 8}

For every ounce troy of Irish silver wire 0 0 0 0 0 7

For every pound weight of avoirdupois of Irish gold thread, gold lace, or gold fringe, made of plate wire spun upon silk - 0 0 0 o s 00

For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irish silver thread, silver lace or silver fringe, made of plate wire spim upon silk«0 0 0 0 89

The Fortieth Year of George III. 12S

19*

The Fortieth fetor of George III.

SCHEDULE, NO. IL

Of the articles charged with the dudes specified upon importation into Great Britain and Ireland, respectively, according to the sixth article of union.

Apparel Brass, wrought Cabinet ware

Coaches and other carnages Copper, wrought

Cottons, other than callicoes and muslins Glass

Haberdashery

Hats

Tin plates, wrought iron and hardware

and silver lace, gold and silver thread, bullion for lace, peart and spangles Millinery Paper stained

m aUTi ouuuoa /

Pottery

Sadlery and other manufactured leather Silk manufacture

UDUVIIIUP

ARTICLE

The Fortieth Year of George III. 125

ARTICLE SEVENTH*

That it be the seventh article of union that the charge arising from the payment of the interest and the sinking deMHncun-ed fund for the reduction of the principal of the debt incurred by either king-in either kingdom before the union shall continue to be se dom before parately defrayed by Great Britain and Ireland respectively^ except as herein after provided. frayed.

That for the space of twenty years after the union shall p

take place, the contribution of Great Britain and Ireland re- contribution*spectively towards the expenditure of the united kingdom in towards expen-each year shall be defrayed in the proportion of fifteen parts diture of G. B. for Great Britain and two parts for Ireland; that at the ex- Jtalib^a815 to piration of the said twenty years the future expenditure of 2, after which the united kingdom, (other than the interest and charges of the proportions the debt to which either country shall be separately liable, ) ^ereixi#ter shall be defrayed in such proportion as the parliament of the united kingdom shall deem just and reasonable, upon a comparison of the real value of the exports and imports of the respective countries upon an average of the three years next preceding the period of revision, or on a comparison of the',

value of the quantities of the following articles consumed within the respective countries on a similar average, viz, beer, spirits, sugar, wine, tea, tobacco and malt, or according to the aggregate proportion resulting from both these considerations combmed, or on a comparison of the amount of income in each country estimated from the produce for the same period of a general tax, if such shall have been imposed on the same descriptions of income in both countries; onu that the parliament of the united kingdom shall afterwards proceed in like manner to revise and fix the said proportions according to the same rules or any of them at periods not more distant than twenty years, nor less than seven years from each other, unless previous to any such period the parliament of the united kingdom shall have declared as herein after provided that the expenditure of the united kingdom shall be defrayed indiscriminately by equal taxes imposed oh the like articles in both countries.

That for the defraying the said expenditure, according Reveauesof to the rules above laid down, the revenues of Ireland shall Ireland shall be hereafter constitute a consolidated fond which shall be fund^pplicaWe charged in the first instance with the interest of the debt of to interest, aink-Ireland, and with the sinking fund applicable to the reduc- ing fund and ex-tien of the said debt, and the remainder shall be applied un?tedUkLgdom. towards defraying the proportion of the united kingdom to which Ireland may be liable in each year.

That the proportion of contribution to which Great Bri- a^de b, tain and Ireland will be liable, shall be raised by such taxes Ireland shall

in hereafter be

taxed thin

SSL

AppBcatkm of surplus of the revenues of Ire-

raised after the union shall be a joint debt. What shall be done when a rreater proportion shall be raised or set apart in one country than in the other.

In what cases the imperial pari, may declare that future expences shall be defrayed by equal taxes on same articles, subject to particular exemptions in Ireland and Scotland,

The Fortieth Year of George III.

in each country respectively as the parliament of the united kingdom shall from time to time deem fit, provided always, that in regulating the taxes in each country, by which their respective proportions shall be levied, no article in Ireland shall be made liable to any new or additional duty by which the whole amount of duty payable thereon would exceed the amount which will be thereafter payable in England on the like article.

That if at the end of any year any surplus shall accrue from the revenues of Ireland after defraying the interest, sinking fund, and proportional contribution and separate^charges to which the said country shall then be liable, taxes shall be taken off to the amount of such surplus, or the surplus shall be applied by the parliament of the united kingdom to local purposes in Ireland, or to make good any deficiency which may arise in the revenues of 11 eland in time of peace, or be invested by the of of the national debt of Ireland in the funds, to accumulate for the benefit of Ireland at compound interest, in case of the contribution of Ireland in time of war: Provided that the surplus so to accumulate shall at no future period be goffered to exceed the sum of five millions.

That all monies to be raised after the union by loan in peace or war for the service of the united kingdom by the parliament thereof shall be considered to be a joint debt, and the charges thereof shall be borne by the respective countries in the proportion of their respective contributions; provided that if at any time in raising their respective contributions hereby fixed for each country, the parliament of the united kingaom shall judge it fit to raise a greater proportion of such respective contributions in one country within the year than in the other, or to set apart a greater proportion of sinking fund for the liquidation of the whole, or any part of the loan raised on account of the one country than of that raised on account of the other country, then such part of the said loan, for the liquidation of which different provisions, shall have been made for the respective countries shall be kept distinct, and shall be borne by each separately, and only that part of the said loan be deemed joint and common, for the reduction of which the respective countries shall have made provision in the proportion of their respective contributions.

That if at any future day the separate debt of each country respectively shall have been liquidated, or if the values of their respective debts (estimated according to the amount of the interest and annuities attending the same, and of the sinking fund applicable to the reduction thereof, and to the period within which the whole capital of such debt shall appear to be redeemable by such sinking fund) shall be to each other in the same proportion with the respective

127

The Fortieth Year of George III.

apective contributions of each country respectively, or if the amount by which die value of the larger of such debts shall vary from such proportion shall not exceed one hundredth part of the said value, and if it shall appear to th£ parliament of the united kingdom that the respective circumstances of the two countries willr thenceforth admit of their contributing indiscriminately by equal taxes imposed on the same articles in each to the future expenditure of the united kingdom, - it shall be competent to the parliament of the united kingdom to declare that all future expence thenceforth to be incurred, together with the interest and charges of all joint debts contracted previous to such declaration, shall be so defrayed indiscriminately by equal taxes imposed on the same articles in each country, and thenceforth from time to time as circumstances may require to impose and apply such taxes accordingly, subject only to such particular exemptions or abatements in Ireland, and in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, as circumstances may appear from time to time to demand.

That from the period of such declaration, it shall no After such de-

longer be necessary to regulate the contribution of the two claration, there

countries towards the future expenditure of the united king-^onionC1"

dom, according to any specific proportion, or according to Of contribution,

any of the rules hereinbefore prescribed, provided never- but separate in-

theless that the interest or charges which may remain on ac- tereI12f^r"

/* n 1 0 i, /. ges remaining

count of any part of the separate debt with which either shall be defrayed

country shall be chargeable, and which shall not be liqui- separately.

dated or consolidated proportionably as above, shall Until

extinguished continue to be defrayed by separate taxes in

each country.

That a sum not less than the sum which has been granted Premiums for by the parliament of Ireland, on the average of six years n^ac^urw'and" immediately preceding the first day of January, in the year pious purposes one thousand eight hundred, in premiums for the internal shall be conti-encouragement of agriculture or, manufactures, or for the year8

maintaining institutions for pious and charitable purposes, shall be applied for the period of twenty years after the union to such local purposes in Ireland, in such manner as # the parliament of the united kingdom shall direct.

That from and after the first day of January one thou- Application of sand eight hundred and one, all public revenue arising to "om urritoriS the united kingdom from the territorial dependencies thereof, dependencies, and applied to the general expenditure of the united kingdom, shall be so applied in the proportions of the respective -contributions of the two countries.

ARTICLE

I2B

The Fortieth Year o/" George III.

ARTICLE EIGHTH.

All civil and That it be the eighth article of union, that all laws in lawsMdcourts ^orcc atbe t'me union, and all the courts of civil

shall remain as and ecclesiastical jurisdiction within the respective kingdoms, now established, shall remain as now by law established within the same, sub-altSatio^s^11^ Ject onty to such. alterations and regulations from time to time as circumstances may appear to the parliament of the united kingdom to require; provided that all writs of error writs of error and appeals depending at the time of the union, pr hereafter cided b^bjrdi^fto be brought, and which might now be finally decided by united kingdom; the house of lords of either kingdom, shall from and after the union be finally decided by the house of lords of the united kingdom, and provided that from and after the union court of admi- there shall remain in Ireland an instance court of admiralty wi2^'X' ^orbe determination of causes civil and maritime only; chanceryhi ire- and that the appeal from sentences of the said court shall fee

land; all contrary laws re-

pealed.

Said articles

to his Majesty's delegates in his court of chancery in that part of the united kingdom called Ireland; and that all laws at present in force in either kingdom which shall be contrary to any of the provisions which may be enacted by any act for carrying these articles into effect, be from and after the union repealed.

And whereas the said articles having by address of the re-, were approved gpective houses of parliament in Great Britain and Ireland jest/; a- been humbly laid before his Majesty, his Majesty has been graciously pleaded to approve the same, and to recommend it to his two houses of parliament in Great Britain and Ireland, to consider of such measures as may be necessary for giving effect to the said articles: In order therefore to give mil effect and validity to the same, be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said foregoing recited articles, each and every one of them, according to the true intent and tenor here^decl^red thereof, be ratified, confirmed and approved, and be, and to be the artkks they are hereby declared to "be, the articles of the union of of the union, and Great Britain and Ireland, and the same shall be in force and from TJanu CVer bave e^ect for ever> ^rom the brst day of January, which'anuar7» ghan be in the year of our Lord, one thousand eight hundred and one: provided that before that period an act shall have been passed by the parliament of Great Britain for car* rying into effect, in the like manner, the said foregoing recited articles.

Recital of the

II. And whereas a bill, entitled, An Act to regulate the act^wsed tWs ode by which the lords sviritual and temporal, and the com-session: mons

The Fortieth Year of George Itk

m

marts td serve in the parliament of the united kingdom on the part of Ireland, shall be summoned and returned to the said parliament, has passed the two houses of the parliament of this kingdom, the tenor whereof is as fallows: " An Act US " regulate the mode by which the lords spiritual and tempo-<c ral, and the commons to serve in the parliament of the " united kingdom on the part of Ireland, sWl be summoned " and returned to the said parliament Whereas it is b 4th articie^agreed by the fourth article of union, that four lords spiri- union, lord* tual of Ireland, by rotation of sessions, and twenty-eight spiritual, and sc lords temporal of Ireland, elected for life by the peers of {^commoner*, Ireland, shall be the number to sit and vote on the part of are to sit and Ireland in the house of lords of the parliament of the united vote on the part kingdom, and one hundred commoners, (two for each county parli

of Ireland, two for the city of Dublin, two for the city of ment

Cork, one for the college of the Holy Trinity of Dublin, and one* for each of the thirty-one most considerable cities, towns, and boroughs,] be the hnmber to sit and vote on the part of Ireland in the nouse of commons of the parliament of the united kingdom; be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled and by the authority of the same, that the said four loros spiritual shall be taken from among how the lords the lords spiritual of Ireland in the manner following, that is spiritual shall be to say, that one of the four archbishops of Ireland, and three

of the eighteen bishops of Ireland, snail sit in the house of rotation,lords of the united parliament in each session thereof, the said right of sitting being regulated as between the said archbishops respectively by a rotation among the archiepisco-pal sees from session to session, and in like manner that of the bishops by a like rotation among the episcopal sees; that the primate of all Ireland for the time being snail sit in the first session of the parliament of the united kingdom; the archbishop of Dublin, for the time being, in the second; the archbishop of Cashel, for the time b^ing, in the third;

the archbishop of Tuam, for the time being, in the fourth, and so by rotation of sessions for ever; such rotation to proceed regularly and without interruption from session to session, notwithstanding any dissolution or expiration of parliament; that three suffragan bishops shall in like manned sit according to rotation of their sees, from session to session, in the following order; the lord bishop of Meath, the lord bishop of Kildare, the lord bishop of Derry, in the first session of the parliament of the united kingdom; the lord bishop of Raphoe, the lord bishop of Limerick, Ardfert and Aghadoe, the lord bishop of Dromore, in the second session of the parliament of the united kingdom*; the lord bishop, of Elphin, the lord bishop of Down and Connor, the lord

I

The Fortieth Year of George III.

bishop of Waterford and' Lismore, in the third session of the parliament of the united kingdom; the lord bishop of Leighlin and Ferns, the lord bishop of Cloyne, the lord bishop of Cork and Ross, in the fourth session of the parliament of the united kingdom; the lord bishop of Kitlaloe and Kilfenora, the lord bishop of Kilmore, the lord bishop of Clogher, in the fifth session of die parliament of the united Kingdom; the lord bishop of Ossory, the lord bishop of Killala and Achonry, the lord bishop of Clonfert and Ktlmacduagh, in the sixth session of the parliament of the united kingdom; the said rotation to be nevertheless subject to such variation therefrom, from time to time, as is g herein after provided: that the said twenty-eight lords tem-TSSL'for poral shall be chosen by all the temporal peers of Ireland in lift in manner the manner herein after provided; that each of the said lords kedindirectCf; temporal so chosen shall be entitled to sit in the house of death or*forfei- lords of the parliament of the united kingdom during his ture, others shall life, and in case of his death, or forfeiture of any of the be chosen. said lords temporal, the temporal peers of Ireland shall, in the manner herein after provided, choose another peer out of their own number to supply the place so vacant.

64 commoner*

III. And be it enacted, That of the one hundred corner counties, and moners to sit on the part of Ireland in the united parliament, Soroush?* sixty-four shall be chosen for the counties, and thirty-six for*' the following cities and boroughs, videlicet, for each county of Ireland, two; for the city of Dublin, two; for the city of Cork, two; for the college of the Holy Trinity of Dubin, one; for the city of Waterford, one; for the city of Limerick, one; for the borough of Belfast, one; for the county and town of Drogheda, one; for the county, " and town of Carrickfergus, one; for the borough of Newry,

one; for the city of Kilkenny, one mu for the city of Londonderry, one; for the town of Galway, one; for the borough of Clonmel, one; for the town of Wexford, one; for the town of Youghal, one; for the town of Bandonbridge, one; for the boroilgh of Armagh, one; for the borough of Dundalk, one; for the town of Kinsale, one; for the borough of Lisburn e, one; for the borough of Sligo, one; for the - borough of Catherlough, one; fortne borough of Ennis, one; for the borough of Dungarvan, one; for the borough of Downpatrick, one; ' for the borough of Coleraine, one; for the town of Mallow, one; for the'borough of Ath-lone, one; for the town of New-Ross, one; for th6 borough of Tralee, one; for the city of Qashel, one; for the borough of Dungannon, one; for the borough of Portar-lington, one; for the borough of Enniskillen, one.

IV. And be it enacted, That in case of the summoning of a new parliament, or if the seat of any of the said commoners shall become vacant by death or otherwise, then the

IS#

Theta lords

131

The Fortieth Year of George III.

said counties, cities, or boroughs, or any of them, as the When vacancies case may be, shall proceed to a new election; and that all countiesTcitiw, the other towns, cities, corporations, or boroughs, other than or boroughs,the aforesaid, shall cease to elect representatives to serve In parliament; and no meeting shall at any time hereafter be^another* summoned, called, cmivened or held for the purpose of elect- towns, &c. ing any person or persons to serve or act, or be considered as 8^u cease to representative or representatives of any other place, town, hereafter other-city, corporation or borough, other than the aforesaid, or as wise provided); representative or representatives of the freemen, freeholders, householders or inhabitants thereof, either in the parliament of the united kingdom or elsewhere (unless it shall hereafter be otherwise provided by the parliament of the united kingdom) and every person summoning, calling, or holding any such meeting or assembly, or taking any part in any such election or pretended election, shall, being thereof duly convicted, incur and suffer the pains and penalties ordained and provided by the Statute of provision and praemunire 'made in the sixteenth year of the reign of Richard the second.

V. For the due election of the persons to be chosen to sit in the respective houses of the parliament of the united kingdom on the part of Ireland; be it enacted, That on the day following that on which the act for establishing the °n the daY union shall have received the royal assent, the primate of all urnon^ Ireland, the lord bishop of Meath, the lord bishop of Kildare, the primate, bi-and the lord bishop of Derry, shall be, and they are hereby sh.°P8 of Meath, declared to be the representatives of the lords spiritual of BemshS be Ireland in the parliament of the united kingdom for the first representatives session thereof; and that the temporal peers of Ireland shall for first session; assemble at twelye of the clock on the same day as aforesaid, torefe

in the now accustomed place of meeting of the house of lords temporal shall of Ireland, and shall then and there proceed to elect twenty- meet, and elect eight lords temporal to represent the peerage of Ireland in nerhereh?di^n" the parliament of the united kingdom in the following man- rected, ner, that is to say, the names of the peers shall be called over according to their rank, by the clerk of the crown, or his deputy, who shall then and there attend for that purpose,

and each of the said peers who previous to' the said day, and in the present parliament, shall have actually taken his seat in the nouse of lords of Ireland, and who shall, there have taken the oaths, and signed the declaration, which are or 'shall be by law required to be taken and signed by the lords.of the parliament of Ireland, before they can sit and vote in the parliament thereof, shall, when his name is called, deliver, either by himself or by his proxy, (the name of such proxy having been previously entered in the books of the nouse of lords of Ireland, according to the present forms and usages thereof), to the clerk of the crowmor his deputy,

(who shall then and there attend for that purpose), a list of

twenty-

12-

15f

The Fortieth year of George ILL

what shall bri done where the

equal;

twenty-eight of the temporal peers of Ireland, and the cleric of the crown, or his deputy, shall then and there publicly read the said lists, and shall then and there cast up the said lists, and publicly declare the names of the twenty-eight lords who shall be chosen by the majority of votes in the said lists, and shall make a return of the said names to the house of lords of the first parliament of the united kingdom, and the twenty-eight lords so chosen by the majority of votes in the said lists snail, during their respective lives, sit as representatives of the peers of Ireland, in the house of lords of the united kingdom, and be entitled to receive writs of summons to that and every succeeding parliament; and in case a complete election shall not be made of the whole number number of votes Of twenty-eight peers, by reason of an equality of votes, the happens to be clerk of the crown shall return such number in favour of whom a complete election shall have been made in one list, and in a second list shall return the names of those peers who shall have an equality of votes, but in favour of whom, by reason of such equality, a complete election shall not have been made; and the names of the peers in the second list for whom an equal number of votes shall have been so given, shall be written on pieces of paper of a similar form, and shall be put into a glass by the clerk of the parliament of the united kingdom, at the table of the house of lords thereof, whilst the house is sitting, and the peer whose name shall be first drawn out by the clerk of the parliament, shall be deemed the peer elected, and so successively as often as the case may require; and whenever the seat of any of the twenty-eight lords temporal so elected, shall be vacated by decease or forfeiture, the chancellor, the keeper, or of of the great seal of the united kingdom, for the time being, upon receiving a certificate under the hand and seal of any two lords temporal, of the parliament of the united kingdom, certifying, the decease of such peer, or on view of the record of attainder of such peer; shall direct a writ to Be issued under the great seal of the united kingdom, to the chancellor, the keeper, or of of the great sOal of Ireland, for the time being, directing him or them to cause writs to he issued by the clerk of the crown in Ireland, to every temporal peer of Ireland, who shall have sat and voted in the house of lords of Ireland before the union, or whose right to sit and vote therein, or to vote at such elections, shall on claim made in his behalf, have been admitted by Notices to be house of lords of Ireland, before the union, or after the published in the union, by the house of lords of the united kingdom; and

bew.tfcu eated by death or forfeiture of any of the 88 peers shall be filled.

publxs

Lond<

ion and notice shall forthwith be published by the said clerk of the

Dublin gazettes;

crown

in the London and Dublin Gazettes, of the issuing of such writs, and of the names and tides of all the peers to whom the same are directed, and to the said writs there shall be annexed a form of return thereof, in which a blank

shall

The Fortieth Year of George III. 133

shall be left for the name of the peer to be elected, and the said writs shall enjoin each peer within fifty-two days from, the test of the writ to return the same into the crown office of Ireland, with the blank filled up by inserting the name of the peer for whom he shall vote as the peer to succeed to the vacancy made by demise or forfeiture, as aforesaid, and the said writs and returns shall be bipartite, so as that the v

name of the peer to be chosen shall be written twice, that is once on each part of such writ and return, and so as that1 each part may also be subscribed by, the peer to whom the same shall be directed, and likewise be sealed with his seal of arms, and one part of the said writs and returns so filled up, subscribed and sealed as above, shall remain of record in the crown office of Ireland, and the other part shall be certified by the clerk of the crown to the clerk of the parliament of the united kingdom, and no peer of Ireland, except such as shall have been elected as representative peers on the part of Ireland in the house of lords of the united kingdom, and shall there have taken the oaths and signed the declaration prescribed by law, shall, under pain of suffering such punishment as the house of lords of the united kingdom may award and adjudge, make a return to such writ, unless he shall after the issuing thereof, and before the day on which the writ is returnable, have taken the oaths, and signed oaths to be the declaration, which are, or shall be taken by law required takcD^to be taken and signed by the lords of the united kingdom,

before they can sit and vote in the parliament thereof, which oaths and declarations shall be either taken and subscribed in the court of chancery of Ireland, or before one of his Majesty's justices of the peace of that part of the united kingdom called Ireland, a certificate whereof signed by such justices Certificates to of the peace, or by the register of the said court of chan- be transmitted eery, snail be transmitted by such peer, with the return, return"5 and shall be annexed to that part thereof, remaining of record in the crown office of Ireland; and the clerk of the' Clerk of crown crown shall forthwith after the return day of the writs, cause to publish'In to be published in the London and Dublin gazettes, a notice Dubhnga^ette# of the name of the person chosen by the majority of Votes, the name of th* and the peer so chosen, shall during his life be one of the chosen, peers to sit and vote on the part of Ireland in the house of* lords of the united kingdom; and in case the votes shall be eoual, the name of such persons who have an equal nurpher what shall b« of votes in their favour, shall be written on pieces of paper done when of a similar form, and shall be put into a glass by the clerfc VQte* of the parliament of the unitea kingdom, at the table of the house of lords whilst the house k sitting, and the peer whose name shall be first drawn out by the clerk of the parliament shall be deemed the peer elected.

VI. And be it enacted, That in case any lord spiritual When a lord Htap a tejppowi pear of the united kingdom, or being a

toipwaj ibjghtkmn

The Fortieth Year of George III.

one of the re- temporal peer of that part of the united kingdom called Ire-thTlords tem-of lano> chosen by the lords temporal to be one of the

poral, the rep re- representatives of the fords temporal, in every such case dur-entatives or the ing the life of such spiritual peer, being a temporal peer of shall proceed to united kingdom, or being a temporal peer oi that part of the next in rota-the united kingdom called Ireland, so chosen to represent tien* the lords spiritual, the rotation of representation of the spi-

ritual lords, shall proceed to the next spiritual lord without regard to such spiritual lord so chosen a temporal peer, that is to say, if suen spiritual lord shall be an archbishop, then the rotation shall proceed to the archbishop whose see is next in rotation; and if such spiritual lord shall be a suffragan bishop, then the rotation shall proceed to the suffragan bishop whose see is next in rotation.

VII. And whereas by the said fourth article of union, it is agreed, that if his Majesty shall, on or before the first day of January next, declare under the great seal of Great Britain, that it is expedient that the lords and commons of the present parliament of Great Britain Should be the members of the respective houses of the first parliament of the united kingdom on the part of Great Britain, then the lords and commons of the present parliament of Great Britain shall accordingly be the members of the respective houses of the first parliament of the united kingdom on the pert of If on or before Great Britain; be it enacted for and in that case only, That M^t^dedarcs P1*08611* members of the thirty-two counties of Ireland, that the present and the two members for the city of Dublin, and the two lords and com- members for the city of Cork, shall be, and they are hereby be°the members declared to be by virtue of this act, members for the said of both houses counties and cities in the first parliament of the united king-forG. B. the dom, and that on a day and hour to be appointed by his Krtfor counties, Majesty under the great seal of Ireland, previous to the and for Dublin' said first day of January, one thousand eight hundred and and Cork, shall one, the members then serving for the college of the holy first imperial trinity of Dublin, and for each of the following cities or

farllamem. boroughs, that is to say, the city of Waterford, city of low and when Limerick, borough of Belfast, county and town of Drogheda, trinity college, 001111 ty and town of Carrickfergus, borough of Newry, city and for the Sties of Kilkenny, city of Londonderry, town of Galway, borough andboroughs Of Clonmel, town of Wexford, town of Youghal, town of shall b^murn- Bandon Bridge, borough of Armagh, borough of Dundalk, d. town of Kinsale, borough of Lisburn, borough of Sligo,

borough of Catherlough, borough of Ennis, borough of Dungarvan, borough oi Downpatrick, borough of Coleraine, town of Mallow, borough of Athlone, town of New Ross, borough of Tralee, city of Cashel, borough of Dungannon, borough of Portarlington, and borough of Enniskillen, or any five or more of them, shall meet in the now usual place of meeting of the house of commons of Ireland, and..^the names of the members then serving for 4he said places

and

The Fortieth Year of George III. 155

and boroughs, shall be written on ieperate pieces of paper* and the said papers being folded up, shall be placed in a.glass or glasses, and shall successively be drawn thereout by the clerk of the crown or his deputy, who shall then and there attend for that purpose, and the first drawn name of a member of each of the aforesaid places or boroughs, shall be taken as the name of the member to serve for the said

Slace or borough in the first parliament of the united kingdom, and a return of the said names shall be made by the clerk of the crown or his deputy, to the house of commons of the first parliament of the united kingdom, and a certificate thereof shall be given respectively by. the said clerk of the crown or his deputy, to each of the members whose name shall have been so drawn; provided always, That it Any member may be-allowed to any member of any of the said places*

or boroughs by personal application to be then and there ^Srawrhl« made by him to the clerk of the crown or his deputy, or name before lots by declaration in writing under his hand, to be transmitted^ drawn, Md by him to the clerk of the crown previous to the said day othej^h bt so appointed as above, to withdraw his name previous to the returned, drawing of the names by lot, in which case or in that of a vacancy by death or otherwise, of one of the members of any of the said places or boroughs at the time of so drawing the names, the name of the other member shall be returned as aforesaid, as the name of the member to serve for such place in the first parliament of the united kingdom; or ifwiialt aha!1^both members for any such place or borough snail so with- done when, both draw their names, or if there shall be a vacancy of both names are withe members at the time aforesaid, the clerk of the crown shall certify the same to the house of commons of the first par- members, liament of the united kingdom, and shall also express in such return whether any writ shall then have issued for the election of a member or members to supply such vacancy i and; tif a writ shall so have issued for the election of one member only, such writ shall be superseded, and any election to be thereafter made thereupon, shall be null and of no effect, and if such writ shall have issued for the election of two members, 'the said two members shall be chosen accordingly, and their names being returned by the clerk of the crown to the house of commons of the parliament of the united kingdom, one of the said names shall then be drawn by lot in such manner and time as the said house of commons shall direct, and the person whose name shall be so drawn, shall be. deemed to be the member to sit for such place in ihe first parliament of the united kingdom; but if at the time aforesaid no writ shall have issued to supply such vacancy, none shall thereafter issue until the same ne ordered by resolution of the house of commons of the parliament of the united kingdom, as in the case of any other

vacancy

0« fortieth Year of Goorg* HI.

When a new parliament of united kingdom hall be ram*

chan, shall canae writ* to beis-aoed, See. and oonaUvacaa-in cOBMUOIMb

vacancy of a seat in the house of commons of the parliament

of the united kingdom.

VIII. And be it enacted, That whenever his Majesty, his heirs and successors, shah by proclamation under the great seal of the united kingdom, summon a new parliament of the -united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, the chancellor, keeper, or of of the great seal of Ireland, shall cause writs to be issued to the several counties, cities, the oollege of the holy trinity of Dublin, and boroughs in that part of the uoked kingdom called Ireland, specified in this act, for the election of members to serve in the parliament of the united kingdom according to the number herein before set forth; and whenever stay vacancy of a seat in the house of commons of the parliament of the united kingdom for any of the said counties, cities or boroughs, or for the said college of the holy trinity of Dublin, hall arise by death or otherwise, the chancellor, keeper, or of of the great seal, upon such vacancy being certified to them respectively by the proper warrant, shall forthwith cause a writ to issue for the election of a person to fill up such vacancy, and such writs and die returns

Copies of re. taro* shall be preserved in crown office, and shall be evidence.

Recited bill shall be part of this act,

Great seal of Iceland.

thereon respectively being returned into dm crown office in that part or the united kingdom called Ireland, shall frgm, thence be transmitted to the crown office in that part of the upited kingdom called England, and he certified to the house of commons in the same manner as the like returns have been usually, or shall hereafter be certified, and copies of the said writs and returns attested by the chancellor, keeper, or of of the great seal of Ireland for the time being, shall be preserved in the crown office of Ireland, and shall be evidence of such writs and returns, in case the original writs and returns shall be lost.

IX. Be it enacted, Thdt the said bill so herein recited, be taken as a part of this act, and be deemed to all intents and purposes incorporated within the same: provided always, that the said herein recited bill shall receive the royal assent, and be passed into a law previous to the first day of January, which shall be in the year of our Lord, one thousand eight hundred and one: and provided also, that if the said herein recited bill shall not receive the royal assent, and be passed into a law previous to the said first day of January, which shall be in the year of our Lord, one thousand eight hundred and one, this act, and every part thereof, sfydl be of no force or validity whatsoever.

X. And be it enacted, That the great seal of Ireland may, if his Majesty shall so think fit, after the union bo used in like manner as before the union, except where it is otherwise provided by the foregoing articles, within that part of the pnited kingdom Called Ireland, apd that his Mat

jesty

The Fortieth Year of George III.

1S7

jesty may, so long as he shall think fit, continue the privy council of Ireland, to he his privy council for that part of the United kingdom called Ireland.

CHAP. XXXIX.

An Act for the more speedy Correction of Erroneous Judgments given in the Courts of Law in this Kingdom.

Whereas the present course of examining and correcting Preamble, erroneous judgments given in the superior courts of law in this kingdom is inconvenient, and it would tend to the case of the suitor, and the dispatch of business, if one court composed of the twelve judges of the land were created to which writs of error Should lie directly from the four superior courts, and from whose judgments writs of error might be brought before the king in parliament; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that it shall not be lawful from and after the passing of this act, to sue forth any writ of error to the court of king's bench to reverse any judgment of the court of law, before the king in chancery, or to reverse any judgment of the court of common pleas, or to sue forth any writ of error to the court now holden prom parsing before the chancellor or treasurer, commonly called the ex- this act no writs chequer chamber, to reverse any judgment of the court of desYrit^dY^M exchequer, or to sue any writ of error returnable directly to beYued forth, parliament to reverse any judgment of the court of king's bench.

II. And be it further enacted, That where judgment manner

hath been given for the reversal whereof a writ of error may writs of error now by law be brought, and where judgments shall be given shall hereafter in any of the said courts of king's bench in law before the brought, king, in chancery, of common pleas, and of exchequer respectively, writs of error may be sued forth of the chancery, commanding transcripts of £he records of such judgments respectively, to be brought before the chief justice of the court of king's bench, the chief justice of the Churt of common pleas, the chief baron of the court of exchequer, and the other justices of the said courts of king's bench, and common pleas, and the other barons of the court of exchequer, into a chamber to be appointed by the chief governor or governors of Ireland for that purpose, and to be called The Fortieth Year of George III.'

Chief and other shall have power and authority to examine such judgments

Judges, or any9respectively, and to reverse or affirm the same, or to award

of t"em "I such judgment as to law and justice shall pertain, and to reverse or affirm i'.f^.1 J'-

judgments; send writs as the case may require, to the courts from

which such transcripts shall be respectively brought, direct-of*^udr power>n8 6UCh courts to cause execution to be done, as if the o ju ge*. judgment had been originally awarded therein; and further that the said chief justices, chief baron, justices and barons shall and may in all cases depending, award such costs moderate, reasonable, or exemplary, as to them shall appear just.

Appeal? from

III. And be it enacted, That writs of error may be sued judgments of in the high court of parliament, by any party aggrieved aid j udges may by any judgment of the said chief justices, chief baron, jus-parliament to ^ces an^ l)arons for the further and due examination thereof;

provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for the court of king's bench, and the said court, commonly called the exchequer chamber, to proceed to judgment in all cases now depending before them upon writs of error, K. bench and and that all judgments thereon to be given, may be re-exchcmier may moved by writ of error to paniament, in the same manner mem in case? 8" 88 if this act had not passed; provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to give a right to any person to sue forth a writ to reverse a judgment in which the king is a party, other than as by law the sarfie is now allowable.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said chief Justices, chief baron, justices and barons shall assemble and hold their first sitting on the first sitting-day of the term next ensuing the passing of this act, and shall and may adjourn, and hold their future sittings to and upon such days in term, or out of term, being within twenty days of the last day of every term as to them shall seem most convenient for the dispatch of suits depending before them, and that it shall be lawful for any one or more of the said chief justices, chief baron, justices and barons, when nine shall not be present, to adjourn the said court, and that it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty to appoint a clerk of the said court of error, to continue during pleasure, with a salary not exceeding three hundred pounds by the year, to be paid by quarterly payments out of the consolidated fund.

now before them.

Meetings*of judges, and appointment of a clerk.

3001. a year salary.

CHAP.

y

The Fortieth Year of George III.

139

CHAP. XL.

An Act for the better Regulation and Management of the Home of Industry, established for the Relief of the Poor in, Dublin.

Whereas in pursuance of an act. made in the thirty- By 37 G. s. seventh year oi his present 's reign, entitled. An 8even per*1

Act for the better1 governing t aging the house of In- pernor?:

dustry, for the relief of the poor in Dublin, seven persons were elected acting governors thereof, until the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight:

II. And whereas by an act made in the thirty eight year By S8G. 3. they of his said Majesty's reign, entitled. An Act to continue for were cntinued a limited time the government and management if the house of industry, for the relief of the poor in Dublin, under the present acting governors thereof the said seven persons so first elected, were continued to be acting governors of the said house of industry, until the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and by an act passed in the thirty-ninth year of his said Majesty's reign, entitled. An Act to continue an Act, passed in the thirty-eight year of his said Majesty's reign, entitled, An Act to continue for a limited time the government and management of the house of industry y for the relief of the poor in Dublin, under the present acting governors thereof it is enacted,

That the two said recited acts Should be, and continue in by 39 G. 3. force until the first day of May, one thousand eight hundred, Continued and from thence to the end of the then next session of par- were con mue'liament, and no longer.

III. And whereas it is expedient that the acting gover- l. lieutenant nors of said institution Should consist of five persons and no may appoint more, with powers to manage and direct the said house of governors industry, be it enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty to be governors, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and who shall be a temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, h^JaUmal*1141 and by the authority of the same, That so soon after the nagement, &c. passing of this act, as his excellency the lord lieutenant, or

other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time, being shall think proper, he or they is, and are hereby authorized and empowered to nominate and appoint five of the present acting governors to be governors of the said house of industry, and mat from the time of such nomination and appointment, the five persons! so nominated and appointed Mall be, and continue to be governors thereof, and that they, or any three of them, shall from thenceforth have the sole ordering, directing, and managing the said house, and

lie

L Lieu tenant may appoint others In place of any who die, resign, &c.

Attendance of governors.

Any governor

neglecting to attend for one month, unless as herein, shall be incapable.

Governors to report to lord.lieutenant, who may appoint another.

Governors may be removed by ! lieutenant.

Agreements may be entered into with governors by owners of ground or houses necessary for house of ludustry.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

ill matters and things relating to the same, and that they shall have a common seal, ana sue, and be sued as a body corporate and politic, in all courts of justice, by the name, stile, ' and title of the governors of the house of industry in Dublin; and in case of vacancy by death, resignation, removal, or otherwise, the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, shall be authorized and empowered, and he or they is, and are hereby authorized and empowered to nominate and appoint a person to be a governor in the stead and place of the person so deceased or resigned.

IV. And be it enacted, That a number- of the said governors sufficient to form a board, shall meet once at the least in every week, unless they be prevented by sickness, or such other cause as by the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being shall be thought reasonable, and that a book shall be kept, in which shall be entered the names of such governors as shall attend the board; and if it shall appear that in any one day not any one of the five governors have attended, the proportion of the allowance or salary to every of the said governors shall on such day be withheld from them.

V. And be it enacted, That if any such five governors shall for the space of one calendar month be absent from such meetings of the said governors as shall be had within the said calendar month, unless prevented by sickness, or such other cause as may appear reasonable to such of the governors as shall attend at such meetings, such cause to be inserted in the minutes of their proceedings, every such person shall be incapable of being a governor, and the said governors shall in every such case, as often as it shall so happen, forthwith report to the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, the absence of such person, and the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being shall be authorized to nominate and appoint a person to be a governor in the stead and place of the person so rendered incapable.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every person appointed by this act, and who shall be nominated a governor in pursuance of this act, shall be removable by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being.

VII. And* whereas several portions of ground, and the buildings thereon now in the possession of the acting governors, will be shortly out of lease, and are essentially necessary to the proper management of the house of industry, and several other portions of ground contiguous to said house are also necessary for the purposes of that institution,

b*

The Fortieth Year of George III. 141

be it enacted, That in case any agreement shall be entered into by the governors and the owners of any such grounds or houses for the renewal of such expiring leases, or for any new lease of any grounds or houses, the person or persons, bodies politic or corporate seized, possessed of, or interested in such grounds or houses shall have full power, and they or.any of them are hereby fully authorized and empowered to convey to the governors of the house of industry tfnd their "successors, their rights, titles, and interest in such grounds or houses respectively, and the said governors are hereby empowered to purchase and hold the same to them and their succesors during the term of nine hundred and ninety-nine years for the purposes of the said institution.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if the governors what shall be of the house of industry, and the parties interested in such done when par-grounds or houses, shall not agree touching the value o^ree touching such grounds or houses, then and in such case, on applica- the valu^of*tien made to the of for widening or opening such ground* streets, squares, lanes, or alleys in the city of Dublin, the kouie*. said of, or any two or more of them may, and they are hereby empowered and required to issue their precept or precepts to the sheriffs of the county of the city of Dublin, or to the sheriff of the county of Dublin, accordingly as the grounds or houses aforesaid shall be situate in the ohe or Nthe other of such counties, requiring them or him to impannel a jury or juries, to enquire and value such grounds or houses, or any part of such grounds and houses, and the estates, right, title, and interest of the person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, seized or possessed thereof, or interested therein, and so soon as the value of such grounds or houses, or any part thereof, shall have been so ascertained, and the said of shall have confirmed the verdict or verdicts of such jury or juries, and the said governors shall have paid the sum or sums of money annexed to the person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, seized or possessed thereof, or interested in the said grounds or houses, for the purchase of their respective estates, rights, titles, or interest in the same, the sheriff or sheriffs aforesaid shall deliver the quiet and peaceable possession of such grounds or houses, or any part or parts thereof to the said governors 2 provided nevertheless, that the approbation of Approbation of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Mieut. must be Ireland for the time being, shall have been previously ob- takhi^ground* tained for the taking of any grounds or houses which may QT house*, be thought necessary by the said governors for the purposes of the said institution.

IX. And whereas by' the laws relating to the corporation for relief of the poor in the county of the city of Dublin, persons offending against the said laws in manner therein

mentioned

2*

Covcrnors may xamine upon oath. In cases herein mentioned.

Persons who' swear or affirm faJselv, shall be

pttrtfchtfl for perjury.

Commissioners of imprest accounts may strike out or allow insupers in accounts of h.of industry, and also slims not likely to be recovered.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

mentioned, are to be committed to the house of industry, either on view of any member of the said corporation, or information of a credible witness: and the said corporation is authorized and required to discharge persons so committed on such persons finding sureties that he, she, or they shall not again be found offending against the said laws.

X. And whereas it is necessary for obtaining such information, and for ascertaining the solvency of the persons offering to become sureties, that the governors of the said house of industry be empowered to take such information, and examine such sureties on oath, be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said governors, or any three of them, to administer an oath or affirmation to any person they may require to examine, for the purposes of being informed whether any person or persons committed as aforesaid, was or were found offending against the said laws, or as to the solvency of any person or persons who shall offer himself or themselves as a surety or sureties; and also to examine upon oath any officer or officers, person or persons by them employed in respect of the management, funds, or revenues of the said institution, touching the faithful discharge of the duties of their respective offices or employments.

XI. And be it enacted, That if any person who shall take such oath or affirmation which shall be administered by virtue of this act, shall be guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury or false affirmation, and shall thereof be convicted by due course of law, every such person shall suffer the pains and penalties which by law are enacted against persons guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury.

XII. And whereas in the accounts of the said corporation, which have been audited by the of of imprest accounts, several sums remain a charge against the said corporation for insupers or charges formerly disallowed by the said of, and also several sums which appear to be debts due to the acting governors of the house of industry, hut which from the nature of theni cannot now be recovered, the person owing them having died or become insolvent: and whereas it would render the accounts of the said acting governors more plain and simple if the of of imprest accounts were authorized to strike out of such accounts, or ;llow such sums circumstanced as aforesaid, be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the of of imprest accounts from time to time to strike out of the said accounts, or allow to the said acting governors such insupers as r.foresaid; and also such sum or sums as appear in the said accounts to be due to the said acting governors, which shall be certified by them to the said of to be in their opinion irrecoverable, unless such of Of accounts shall in auditing the said accounts be of opinion that

there

4

by The Fortieth Year of George III.

145

there is just cause to suffer the same to remain as a charge against the said acting governors.

CHAP. XLI.

An Act for amending An Act, passed in the thirtieth Year of his Majesty's Reign, entitled, An Act for building a Bridge over the River Lough Foyler at the City of Londonderry, and the Suburbs thereof, and for certain Regulations relative to said City.

Whereas -by an act passed in this kingdom, in the thir- Recital so G-1, tieth year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled. An Act for building for building a bridge oner the river Lough Foyle, at the city Londonderry of Londonderry, and the suburbs thereof, and for certain regu- nage

Cations relative to said city, the mayor* aldermen, sheriffs, Vide local act# and burgesses of the city of Londonderry, incorporated 54 g.s, c.ssa by a charter granted by his late Majesty King Charles the second, in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of his reign, by the name of the mayor, community, and citizens of Londonderry, were appointed of, with power and authority for designing, making, erecting, ana building one wooden bridge across the said river. And whereas pursuant to the provisions of the said act, the majority of the said mayor, aldermen, sheriffs, and burgesses, in common council assembled, did design, assign, T

point, in what manner said bridge Should m consequence of such appointment said bridge has been built. And whereas by said recited act, the said mayor, community, and citizens of Londonderry are empowered to take and receive, or cause to be taken and received, certain sums of money in the nature of a toll, before any passage shall be permitted over said bridge. And whereas the annual amount of said toll has been found insufficient for the ^un°^ purposes of said pet; and it is therefore become necessary to dent, encrease the said tolls in some instances. And whereas the said mayor, community, and citizens, are by the said act'empowered to take ana receive, or cause to be taken and received amongst other sums in the nature of a toll, before any passage shall be permitted over the said bridge, for every horse, gelding, mare, mule, or ass laden, the sum of two- bridge.* pence, and unladen the sum of one penny; and for each foot passenger the sum of one halfpenny, in order therefore to

Provide a sufficient fund for the purposes of the said act, e it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and tem-

poral

after pasrfnf tUsict

toOt maybe

The Fortith Year of George III.

pond, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after th» passing of this act, the said mayor, community, and citizen* of Londonderry, be, and they are hereby empowered to ta^e or cause to be taken and received, in the

M nature of a toll, before any passage shall be permitted over the said bridge, for each and every horse, gelding, mare, mule, or ass laden, and not drawing, the sum of three-pence, in lieu, and instead of the sum of two-pence, now payable, under and by virtue of the said recited act, and for each and every horse, gelding, mare, mule, or ass unladen, the sum of one penny halfpenny, in lieu, and instead of the sum of one penny, now payable, under and by virtue of the said recited act; and for each and every foot passenger the sum of one penny, in lieu, and instead of the sum of one halfpenny, now payable, under and by virtue of the said recited act, and the said tolls hereby granted, shall and may be demised in the same manner as, and together with, the other tolls, which the said corporation is authorized to take and receive, under and by virtue of the said recited act, and the said money to be raised by such toll, is and shall be vested in the said mayor, community, and citizens, and their successors for ever, and the same and every part thereof shall be applied, disposed of, and assigned to and for the several uses, intents and purposes, and in such manner as is find are mentioned and directed by the said recited act, with respect to the tolls therein mentioned.

IL. And be it enacted, That the said mayor, community, and citizens, and their successors for ever, do, and they are hereby authorized and empowered by themselves, or any person or persons by them appointed under their common seal, to levy the said tolls ana duties by this act appointing in like manner, and with the same remedies for enforcing the payment thereof, as are prescribed and appointed in and by the said recited act, with respect to the tons thereby made payable. '

III. And whereas a doubt may arise, whether under, and by virtue of the said recited act, the said mayor, community, and citizens, can demand or enforce* the payment of toll for the passing over any bridge which may hereafter be erected over the said river, at the said city, or for passing over any bridge, save a wooden one, and it may be advisable hereafter to erect a stone bridge over the said river at the said city; be it enacted, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said mayor, community, and citizens, and their successors, and all and every person and persons by them thereunto authorized to take and receive, or cause to be taken mid re-hereafter ceived from time to time/ in the nature of toll, before any to be erected passage shall be permitted ever any bridge hereafter to be

'JSSSdSr.

Tolls to be levied as by aid act.

Tolls may be

collected for; any

The Fortieth Year of George III.

erected by the said mayor, community, and citizens, or their successors, across the said river, at the said city, or the suburbs thereof, whether such bridge shall be of stone or wood, all such and the like rates for passing the same, as in and by the said recited act, and this present act, the said mayor, community, and citizens, are authorized to demand, receive, and take, before any passage be permitted over the bridge* at present erected over the said river, at the said city.

IV. And whereas by the said recited act, the said mayor, community, and citizens of the said city are authorized and empowered to make reservoirs, and to lay out pipes for the purpose of supplying the said city with pipe water; but there is not any provission in the said act for assessing the expences of procuring a supply of water, making such reservoirs, and laying such pipes, on the inhabitants of the said city; be it therefore enacted, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the applotters, which by the said recited act are to be appointed for the purpose of valuing and estimating

the yearly value of the several lands, dwelling houses, out- Applotmenti for houses, offices, cellars, stables, yards, and premises within pipe water-the said city of Londonderry, and to applot the money to money, be raised and paid for the purpose of defraying the expence of lamps within the said city, and such applotters so appointed are hereby empowered and required at the time, and in manner directed by said act, with respect to the applot-ment therein mentioned, to applot and estimate the annual relit or sum which each and every owner or occupier of every dwelling-house in the said city, which shall be situated in any street, lane, or passage therein, in which a main pipe shall be laid, (and which dwelling-house shall be valued by such applotters, at the annual relit of five pounds, or up- v.wards, shall pay to the said corporation, or to the person or persons by them authorized to receive the same, for the water with which such owner or occupier shall or may be supplied, such relit to be proportioned to the annual value of such dwelling-house, provided* the same shall not exceed forty shillings by the year, and provided that if the owners or occupiers of any house or houses within the said city or subiH-bs valued at a less annual relit than five pounds, shall consent that such house or houses be valued for pipe-water, such owner or occupier shall be compelled to pay the sura assessed on him, her, or them for the same, in like manner as if such house or houses were valued at a higher annual lent than five pounds.

V. And be it enacted, that it shall and may be lawful Agreements for the said mayor, community, and citizens from time to with brewers time as occasion may require, to make agreement or agree- and ?thers wh* ments with all and every brewers, maltsters, distillers, sugar- traordLary^" bakers, tanners, skinners, dyers, butchers, slaughterers, inn- quantity of

keepers water*

Vol. XII, K

14#

The Fortieth Year of George III.

keepers, or other manufacturers, tradesmen, or persons who require or may consume any extraordinary quantity of water for such annual relit or sum as shall be agreed upon ao and for their supply of water according to the consumption of such respective persons, provided that sum to be paid or agreed to be paid by any person for his supply of water foe one year, shall not exceea the sum of thirty-four pounds two shillings and sixpence.

Pipe wtter

VI. And be it enacted, That if any person shall neglect or refuse to pay the annual sum or sums applotted and as-distress. certained or agreed for as aforesaid, for twenty-one days

after personal demand thereof, or demand in writing left at the place of abode of, or the place in the occupation of the person so liable to pay such sum or sums, it shall be lawful for the said mayor, community and citizens, or the officer or officers by them appointed, to collect and receive the said sura, or sums by warrant under the hand and seal of the mayor of said city for the time being, which warrant the said mayor is hereby authorized and required to grant, to enter into the house or houses, yard, ground, or premises within the said city, occupied by such person or persons so chargeable with the said sum or sums, and to distrain his, her, and their goods and chattels, and if such.sum or sums, together with the costs of such distress, and of keeping the same, shall not be paid within ten days after such distress taken, then to sell so much and such part of such distress as shall be sufficient to pay the said relit, with all costs attending such distress, detention and sale, returning the overplus if any to the owner or owners of such goods and chattels so distrained and sold.

Appfotments

VII. And be it enacted, that the said applotters shall and ud des^n? may^lereunto required by the said mayor, community Londonderry, and citizens, by any resolution or order to that effect, entered into at any common council held of said corporation, applot and value in manner as herein before and in the said recited act mentioned, all dwelling-houses in the said city and suburbs thereof, whether under or above the yearly value of five pounds, and also-all warehouses, store-houses, yards and plots, and pieces of ground, not belonging to or occupied along with such dwelling-houses; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said mayor, community and citizens, or any officer or officers by them thereunto authorized, to raise, levy, demand, receive, and take of and from the owner or occupier of every such dwelling-house, ware-house, store-house, yard, or plot or piece of ground, a certain annual tax or sum of money, of and for defrayingN the expence of sweeping, cleansing, and keeping clean the square, streets, lanes, alleys, and public places within the said city and ruburbs, proportioned to the value of such

dwelling

The Fortieth Year of George III. 147

dwelling-house, ware-house, store-house, yard, plot dr piece 7 of ground ascertained as aforesaid, provided such rate of tax does not exceed in any one year two-pence, for each and every twenty shillings of the annual relit or value of such dwelling-houses, ware-houses, store-houses, yards, plots or pieces of ground ascertained in manner aforesaid, with the like remedies for enforcing payment, and levying and power of receiving the same, as in and by the said recited act, or this present act are mentioned and contained with respect to any of the rates or taxes therein for lighting or pipe water relit.

VIII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be law- Lighting ti§ ful to and for the said mayor, community and citizens, tot*eet«i enter into contracts, and to make and levy rates for lighting

the said city of Londonderry, for any time not exceeding seven years, in the same manner, as such contracts and rates were heretofore raised and levied from year to year.

IX. And whereas the regulating the rates and fares of Drivers of c*r* cars, carts, and drays, and or the owners and drivers of the ca£*Ssowact* same, as also of porterage within the said city of London- ^porters^ " derry, and the suburbs thereof, will be prevent many imposl- shall be licensed, tiens on the inhabitants and traders of said city and suburbs

be it therefore enacted, That from and immediately after the passing of this act, the said mayor, community and citizens, shall and may licence all and every person and persons that shall keep or drive any cars, carts or drays plying for hire within the said city of Londonderry, or the suburbs thereof; and every person and persons plying for hire, and acting as porters within the same, and from -time to time to limit the number of such cars, carts or drays; and such persons plying for hire as porters, and the persons who shall so ply or act as porters therein, in such manner as shall appear to the said mayor, community and citizens necessary; and that in case any person or persons shall keep, drive, or let to hire, any car, cart or dray, within the said city of suburbs thereof, without a licence being duly had and

obtained for that purpose, and which licence the said corporation are hereby empowered to give on the receipt of the sum of two shillings and eight pence halfpenny for the same; that then every person or persons who shall keep, Penalties to be drive, or let to hire any car, cart, or dray, within the said city, or the suburbs thereof, or shall ply dr act as a or porters,

porter therein, for every such offence shall forfeit and pay the penalties following; that is to say, the sum of five pounds for each and every'car, cart or dray, which shall ply without such licence; and' the sum of ten shillings for each and every person who* shall act as a porter or carrier in the said city of Londonderry, pr the suburbs thereof; the said several penalties to be paid to the said mayor,

K 2 community

14S

The Fortieth Year of George TIL

Rafulations as % o carts, cars, drays, and

Penalties on drivers and porters.

community and citizens, and applied for the improvement of the said city, in such manner as they shall think proper, and shall and may be recovered in a summary way, before any one magistrate, on proof being made on oath, after one summons, to the party offending, and to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal of such magistrate, unless such penalty be paid in twenty-one days after such distress shall be taken, and the overplus, if any, after all charges being deducted, shall be paid to the owner; and in case no sufficient distress can or roay be had, to answer the said penalties respectively, the person or persons so offending, shall by warrant under the hand and seal of the said magistrate, be committed to the common gaol of the said city, there to be kept for any time not exceeding one month.

X. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful* to and for the said mayor, community and citizens, in common council assembled, from time to time, to ascertain, settle, appoint, and regulate the several rates and fares to be taken and demanded, and weights to be carried by all and every car, cart and dray, plying or carrying for hire within the said city, or the suburbs thereof, and the rates or fares to be demanded and taken by every porter or carrier

' plying or carrying for hire within the said city or suburbs, and from time to time as they shall see occasion to settle, regulate, and ordain such new rates, fares and regulations respecting the same, as to the said mayor, community and citizens in common council assembled, shall appear reasonable; and if the owner, driver, or keeper of any such cars, carts or drays, or any such porter, shall exact or demand more for his hire than the several rates and fares to be settled from time to time by the said mayor, community and citizens, or embezzle, make away with, or dispose of any matter or thing committed to him to carry; every suen owner, driver or keeper, and every such porter, shall for each and every such offence, forfeit a sum not less than five shillings, and not exceeding twenty shillings, to be recovered before any magistrate of the said city of Londonderry, on proof thereof, on the oath of any one credible witness; which oath the said magistrate is hereby empowered and required to administer, or by the confession of the party, and to be levied in like manner as the foregoing penalties; and iii case of non-payment, such person and persons so offending, to be committed by such magistrate to the gaol of said city, for such time not exceeding one month as such magistrate shall deem fit and direct.

XI. And be it enacted, That the said mayor, community and citizens in common council assembled, shall on the second

day

149

The Fortieth Year of George III.

day of November annually, in case the same be not on a Sunday, and if on a Sunday, then on the following day, elect and committeefor appoint seven wholesale merchants, resident in the said city regulating pilot*, of Londonderry, to be a committee foi regulating the conduct and fares of pilots within the port and harbour of Lorfdon-derry, which said seven merchants, or any five or more of them, shall from the time of such their appointment, during the year commencing on said day, and they- are hereby em- -powered to appoint during the will and pleasure of the said committee, and of their successors, such number of skilful pilots as shall appear to them to be necessary to take charge A ointment* of ships or vessels trading to the said port, and to make such of pHotsufb#* rules, orders and regulations for the regulating the conduct certified to of such pilots to be appointed, as they shall judge necessary; ^afi°rr?a^tho and the said committee, or any five or more of them, shall Ucen*e*.n on the appointment of every pilot, certify such appointment to the mayor of the said city of Londonderry, who shall thereupon grant a license under his hand and seal to such pilot and pilots; and every such pilot before he acts under Bond to be en-such appointment, shall enter into bond to the mayor, tred into bJ community and citizens of the said city of Londonderry, Pilot* with two sufficient sureties for the faithful discharge of his duty, in such sum as the said committee shall direct; which bond is to be executed in presence of the mayor of the said city for the time being; an^i the said committee, or any five or more of them shall, and they are hereby empowered for. regulate and ascertain the wages and recompence to be paid by the masters or owners of aH and every the ships and vessels trading to the port and harbour of Londonderry, who shall require such pilot or pilots, and from time to time to alter and change the sums ascertained as such wages and recompence, and to appoint such other wages and recompence as they shall think fit.

XII. And be it enacted, That if any licensed pilot, who penaky on pilots shall go on board- any ship or vessel going into, or coming for notpe^wn* out of the said port or harbour for the purpose of piloting ing duty* the same, shall wilfully or in any manner neglect or refuse to perform his duty in piloting such vessel, scKas to cause any unnecessary delay or injury to such ship or vessel, and shall be thereof convicted by the oath of one credible witness, before the mayor, or any magistrate of the said city, such pilot shall for every such offence forfeit such sum as such magistrate shall think fit, not exceeding five pounds'sterling, to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such pilot, by warrant under the hand and seal of such mayor or magistrate, a»\ if no sufficient distress can be had to pay the said forfeiture, then such mayor or magistrate ig hereby required to commit such pilot to the 2 common

150

The Fortieth Year of George III.

common gaol of said city for such time, not exceeding three &c.not mont^8* M 8UC^ mayor or magistrate shall think fit, provi-onlibkfor ded that nothing herein contained shall be construed to affect of pilot*, the said mayor, community, and citizens, or any member of the said corporation, or the said committee, or any of them, or render them, or any of them liable for the neglect or misconduct of any such licensed pilot, to any greater extent than the sum for which such pilots and their sureties shall have entered into bond as aforesaid.

XIII. And whereas by the said recited act, the said mayor, community, and citizens of the city of Londonderry, are empowered to open and make one or more passage or passages to the said bridge, and for that purpose to pull down and remove such buildings as obstruct the same, and to make such roads to the said bridge within the said city and suburbs, and the liberties thereof, as they may deem necessary and most convenient for the public, and least injurious to private property, they first making reasonable satisfaction to the person or persons who shall sustain any da-Mayor and com- ma£e thereby: And whereas it will tend very much to the niuLUy may or-enlargement and improvement of the said city and suburbs, der the waJXs that several parts of the walls, and the gates of the said city city to be pullwl Should be taken down, and several of the streets of said city down, with son- thereby widened and opened; be it therefore enacted, That ent of lord jthall and may be lawful to and for the said mayor, com-Ifcuteaant. munity, and citizens of the said city, and their successors, by and with the consent and approbation of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, at any time or times hereafter that they shall be minded, to enlarge and improve the said city, and to open the streets thereof, to order and direct that the whole or any part or parts of the walls and the gates of the Skleof msterisl*. gaid city shall be pulled down, and that the materials of the said walls and gates shall be sold by public auction, in such parcels as they shall think fit, of which sale or sales one month's previous notice shall be given, and the produce of such sale or sales paid to the mayor, community, and citizens of the said city, to be by them applied and expended towards the improvement of the said city and bridge, and faS1"? he that the said mayor, community, and citizens shall and may misedbymayor, divide and lay out into lots or parcels the said ground oil flee,which the said wall stands, or such parts ^hereof as shall not be required or necessary for the purpose of widening*or opening any of the streets, lanes, or passages in the said

city or suburbs, and to grant and demise the same to such person or persons as shufl offer the largest sum by way of relit for each and every lot and parcel of the same, after #pe month's previous notice having been given by the said

Wiayo*

The Fortieth Year of George III. IS}

mayor, community, and citizens of such grant or demise to be made, and every such grant or demise shall be made by the said mayor, community, and citizens, in like manner as they the said mayor, community, and citizens now do, or may grant or demise any Other of their lands, tenements, hereditaments, or premises, in the said city or liberties, the produce arising from such grants or demises so to be made, to be by them applied and expended towards the improvement of the said city and bridge, and in case the owner or occupier of any house or houses, ground or grounds in the said city or suburbs, shall find himself or themselves ag- ^tiafudon to grieved or injured by the pulling down or removing any J^ong a*" ° part of the said walls, or* the said gates, then and in every griev«d. such case satisfaction to be made to every such owner or occupier, in like manner as satisfaction is by the said recited act directed to be made with respect to injuries sustained by private persons, in consequence of opening or making passages to the said bridge; provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to injure, or take away the right or power rthich the said mayor, community, and citizens of the said city now have, or of right ought to have over the walls, gates, or posterns of the said city, nor to deprive the said corporation not to take of the tolls, customs* and dues which they by charter are o^Vcorpor^i* entitled to demand and receive for the repair and mainte- tioa. nance of the same.

C.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

IS

CHAP- XLIV.

An Act to prevent Persons from returning to his Majesty's Dominions who have been or shall be transported^ banished, or exiled on Account of Rebellion*

Fwiishment to

be inflicted on person* transported or banished, or ordered or

engaged to go, found at large after 1st Aug. 1800, without license.

Whereas it is necessary more effectually to prevent persons from returning to his Majesty's dominions who have been, or shall be transported, banished, or by their own compact exiled for and on account of their treason and treasonable practices, whether they have been convicted by ordinary course of law, or by the laws of war, or by courts martial constituted under the authority of law since the twenty-fourth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That if any person or persons who have been so transported or banished, or ordered for transportation or banishment from this kingdom, or who, in order to avoid prosecution for their treasons have engaged to transport themselves and go into exile, and on "such engagement being entered into have not been prosecuted, shall return to this kingdom, or after the first day of August, in the year of our lord one thousand eight hundred, be at large within this kingdom, within the time limited for his or her transportation, banishment, or exile, unless by a license for that purpose first had and obtained from his Majesty, his heirs or successors, every person so returning, or being at large, shall be deemed and adjudged a felon, and shall, on conviction, for the first offence, receive such corporal punishment as the court in its discretion shall award, and be transported for his or their natural life, and if such person or persons shall again return, or be at large within this kingdom without such license as aforesaid, and be thereof convicted, he or she shall suffer death as a felon without benefit of clergy.

CHAP.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

m

CHAP. XLVI

An Act for amending an Art, entitled, An Act for confirm-ing the several Grants made by her late Majesty of the First Fruits and Twentieth Parts, payable out of the Ecclesiastical Benefices in this Kingdom, and also for giving the Archbishops and other Ecclesiastical Persons Four Years Time for the Payment of First Fruits, and for incorporating the Trustees and Commissioners of the said First Fruits.

Whereas by the law, as know stands, no less a number than Ptw>twKU seven of the trustees and of of first fruits can rcamw*^ do any act for the disposition of any of the said first fruits; and whereas it is found to be impossible to assemble so large a number at all times when it may be expedient for them to meet, be it enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing four trustee* of this act any four or more of the said trustees ana com- shall fcereaft# missioners shall be a quorum of the said corporation, and1*1 <piorum* may for ever hereafter act in the same manner, to all intents and purposes, as any seven or more of the said trustees may now act, and that such act and disposition shall be to all intents land purposes, as good and valid in law as if the same had been made and done by seven or more of said trustees*

CHAP


The Fortieth Year of George III.

Iterfttl t6GJ. Vide 51. C. S.

C. 66.

Recital 33 0.3.

Masters of

vessels taking ballast shall pay the sums mentioned in schedule A. instead of rates in said acts.

CHAP. XLVII.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual two several Acts, one passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reignf entitled, An Act for promoting the Trade of Dublin, by rendering its Port ana Harbour wore commodious, and the other Act passed in the Thirty-second Year of His Majesty's Reign, entitled, An Act for repairing and preserving the Walls of the River Anna Ltffey in the City of Dublin, and for amending an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year oj His Majesty's Reign, entitled. An Act for promoting the Trade of Dublin by rendering Us Port and Harbour more commodious*

Wiierfas an act of parliament passed in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An Act for promoting the trade of Dublin by rendering its port and haruour more commodious, whereby several persons therein named (with perpetual succession) were appointed one body corj>orate and politic for carrying into execution the purposes of the said act, by the name of the corporation for preserving and improving the port of Dublin: And whereas one other act ot parliament was passed in the thirty-second year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An Act for repairing and preserving the walls of the river Anna Ltffey in the city of Dublin, and for amending an act passed in the twenty-sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An Act for promoting the trade of Dublin by rendering its port and harbour more commodious: And whereas since passing the said recited acts several alterations have taken place in the nature and extent of the trade and commerce carried on to and from the said port of Dublin; And it is therefore expedient that the said recited acts Should be amended, may it therefore please your Majesty, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this act (in stead and place of the rates mentioned in the said former acts) that the master, commander, or owner of every ship or vessel belonging to Great Britain or Ireland, or to the British plantations, and of every foreign ship or vessel who shall take in ballast from the office of the said corporation within the harbour of Dublin, or in the several creeks and harbours thereunto belonging, shall

Kr cause to be paid to the said corporation, or to the t master or other officer who shall be appointed by the said

The Fortieth Year of George III. raid corporation to receive the same, the several and respec-

155

tive sums of money, and rates and charges in the schedule -marked A, hereunto annexed.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the vessels herein master, commander, or owner of every trading ship or vessel', described shall or ship or vessel laden with, or carrying merchandize, and

all coasting vessels coming to, or going from the said harbour of Dublin, (not in ballast) above fifty tons burthen, (except such as may be laden with coals, trading coast ways, and vessels laden with fish in bulk, and vessels laden with potatoes) and ajso all such vessels under fifty tons burthen, (or in ballast, ) as shall require and take a pilot on board, shall be obliged to receive and take on board such ship or vessel a pilot, duly licensed as such, by, and under the seal of the said corporation; and for every such ship, boat or vessel* the master, commander, or owner thereof, shall pay, or cause to be paid to the said corporation, or to the said ballast-master of the ballast-office of the port of Dublin, or other officer who shall be appointed by the said corporation to receive the same, in lieu, place, and stead of the several rales of pilotage, payable by the said act of the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his Majesty, at and after the rate or rates, in the schedule marked 13, hereunto annexed.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case the master or commander of any ship or vessel a captain re-inward bound, herein before directed to take on board a p-JJ board, pilot, shall refuse to take on board, and employ a pilot, who he shall pay as'if shall be so licensed as hereafter mentioned, and who shall of-^had received fer his service, such master or commander shall pay, or m* cause to be paid to the pilot who first, or who only shall offer his service as aforesaid, and shall be so refused the full pilotage, according to the different rates and prices herein before directed to be paid, as if the said pilot had been received and employed in conducting or piloting such ship or vessel into the said harbour of Dublin.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any ship or vessel shall have

taken on board a fisherman or seaman within the station for Qnly half to be pilots to cruise, on account oi a licensed pilot not having paid to pilot if a appeared within such station, in such case any pilot after- seamaq, or fish-wards boarding such ship or vessel, and conducting the same onboard^before into the harbour of Dublin, shall be intitled to, and shall him within the receive but at the rate of one-half of the rates aforesaid, as8tation* and for pilots rates.

V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in Parent for all cases where any pilot boat shall not through distress ofleadin weather be able to board any ship or vessel, and that such intosa

pilot boat shall lead such ship or vessel into safety, then the {^camiot master and crew of such pilot boat shall be entitled to, and hall be paid pilotage, according to the rates before mentioned

Pilotage out of harbour and hack into it.

SOI. penalty for ships in ballast taking an unli-ceused pilot.

Pilots to be paid 5s. 5d. per day for all time over f4 hours.

Corporation

may grant licenses to pilots, ascertain cem-

The Fortieth Year of George III.

tioned, or to such greater or less reward and payment as the said corporation snail think fit, according to the nature of such service rendered.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every ship or vessel, whether laden or in ballast, which shall take a pilot on board, and shall be compelled by distress of weather, or otherwise, to return back to the said harbour of Dublin, and shall be brought in by the pilot who took charge of such ship or vessel out; that every such ship and vessel in such cases, shall be obliged to pay for such pilotage back one-half of the sums herein before appointed and directed to be paid for piloting such ships or vessels out of the said harbour; and that all such ships or vessels going out of the said harbour, and requiring to take a pilot out, shall be obliged to pay for such pilotage the full sums herein before mentioned and specified for that purpose.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all ships and other vessels in ballast, which shall require and take on beard a pilot, either in coming in or going out of the harbour, shall take a pilot licensed as aforesaid, and none other; and in case any master or commander of any ship or vessel in ballast shall take on board any pilot, not licensed as aforesaid, such master or commander, or the broker or other person who shall employ such pilot, and also such unlicensed pilot, shall forfeit and pay to the said corporation the sum of ten pounds sterling each.

VIII. And whereas it has frequently happened, that mas* ters of vessels, after having been piloted out, have refused to put the pilot on shore, and in many instances have carried such pilots to sea; in order to prevent which, and make com* pensation in all such cases, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if any master or owner of any ship or vessel shall take such pilot to sea, or that such pilot shall remain or continue on board at the instance and request of the master or owner of such ship or vessel, for any time longer than twenty-four hours, in ^11 and every of such cases, the master or owner of such ships or vessels shall be obliged to pay unto such pilot for ^11 such time as he shall be detained as aforesaid over and above twenty-four hours, at and after rate of five shillings and five-pence by the day.

IX. And bje it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said corporation, or any three or more of them, from time to time, and at all times hereafter, to grant licenses under the seal of the Said corporation to such person or persons as they in their discretion shall deem sufficiently qualified to become and act as pilots, for the purposes herein before mentioned, and also for mooring and unmooring ships and vessels up and down the

river

The Fortieth Year of George III. 157

river, and rendering service and assistance to ships and ves- pensation, and sels coming in and going out of the said harbour, and to as- ma*te rule8» certain compensation to such pilots or persons employed on such occasions as the said corporation shall deem fit, and to make, ordain, and establish such rules, orders, and bye-laws, ior ascertaining the qualification of such pilots, particularly to oblige them to take apprentices, and to make distributions of earnings amongst such persons, as to the said corporation, or any three, or more of them shall appear to have deserved the same; and to ascertain the distances such pilots shall go with vessels from the harbour, or to meet vessels coming into the harbour, and how, and in what manner such distances shall be ascertained, and in all other matters which to the said corporation shall seem fit and necessary for the better government and regulations of the pilots, so to be appointed or licensed as aforesaid; and also for the regulation and government of all lighter-men, gabbard-men, and persons in any manner employed by the said corporation under the powers vested in the said corporation by this or the said former acts; and also from time to time as occasion may require to repeal, add, amend, or alter such rules, orders, and bye-laws, as to them shall seem meet and convenient, and to make, ordain, and establish other orders, rules, and bye-laws, in lieu, and in stead of such as shall be repealed, added to, amended, or altered; and to fix and appoint reasonable pecuniary penalties, not exceeding five pounds, for the non-observance or other breach of all or any such rules, orders, or bye-laws, or any part of them, to be recovered by such ways and means as are for that purpose directed, in and by the said acts of the twenty-sixth and thirty-second years of the reign of his Majesty.

X. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said corporation, or any three or more of them, to suspend or deprive of the use of his license any pilot or other person who shall have been appointed and licensed as aforesaid, for the breach, of such rules or orders, or for having omitted any thing required by Corporation the same, or for acting in any wise contrary to such rules or may dismiss Bi-orders and if any pilot or pilots, or other person so suspended, ^lf^kTtope-or deprived of the use of his license, during the time of such nalties if they suspension or deprivation, shall take upon himself or them- act*8 such, selves to pilot or conduct any ship or vessel into, or out of the said port or harbour of Dublin, such pilot or pilots shall be liable to all such pains ar, are provided by the said acts of the twenty sixth and thirty-second years of his present Majesty's reign, against such person or persons as shall pilot and conduct ships or vessels kto or out of the said port of Dublin, without having been first approved and licensed by the Mid corporation, or any three or more of them, and shall be

The Fortieth Year of George III.

Dnmken pilots

be also liable to all such fine and fines as the said corporation shall think fit, not exceeding ten pounds sterling, in lieu and stead of the fines imposed by the said former acts.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, sh»n be incapa- That in case any pilot or pilots shall at any time from and after* the passing of this act be convicted of drunkenness whilst on

duty, by the oath of two or more witnesses, to the satisfaction of the said corporation, or any three or more of them, before whom such oaths shall be made, such pilot or pilots shall be immediately deprived of his or their license or licenses, and be disqualified to act under the same, and shall not at any time or times hereafter be again licensed by the said corporation, and shall not in any manner whatsoever be entitled to act as a pilot or pilots in pursuance of or by virtue of this act.

XII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person and persons who being examined on oath in manner and before the persons directed by this or the said former acts of the twenty-sixth and thirty-second years of his present Majesty, shall wilfully, falsely, and corruptly take any such outh, or wilfully, corruptly, and falsely give testimony, shall and may be prosecuted, and being thereof lawfully convicted by verdict, or upon his, her, or their confession, he, she, or they so offending, shall for every such-offence incur and suffer such penalties, forfeitures, pains and disabilities as persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are by law liable unto, or if any person or persons shall corruptly procure, or suborn any other person to take such oath, or to give such falsely testimony upon oath as aforesaid, and the person or persons so procuring or suborning shall be thereof convicted by verdict, or upon his, her, or their confession, every person so offending shall for every such offence incur and suffer such penalties, forfeitures, pains and disabilities as persons convicted of penury, or of subornation of per-. Refuting to give jury, are respectively by law liable unto; and if any person

Pertont who

swear falsely.hall suffer for perjury.

Subornation ot

tMdmuoy.

Regulation of poMage boats, Ju. Su.

or persons summoned to give testimony in manner as aforesaid, shall refuse to appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn, or give testimony upon oath before the said corporation, or any three or more of them, every person so offending, unless in case of reasonable excuse to be allowed by said corporation, or any three or more of them, shall for every such offgpce forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding ten pounds, at the discretion of the said corporation, or any three or more of them.

XIII. And whereas several ships and vessels are at present usually employed as passage boats, carrying and conveying passengers between the said port of Dublin and different ports in Great Britain, and a -great number of his Majesty's subjects constantly pass in such vessels to and finpm each kingdom, and it is necessary for the preservation of the lives

uuk

The Fortiek Year of George IK. % 159

and properties of his Majesty's subjects that the safd passage boats, ships or vessels Should be kept in good and sufficient repair, order and condition, and be fully manned and provided with a sufficient number of able and skilful seamen, and all other necessaries for the safe conveyance of passengers and their property, be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said corporation, or any three or more of them, twice in every year, or as often as the said corporation shall think expedient, by writing under the seal of the said corporation, to authorize and empower two or more expedient masters or commanders of vessels, or other persons competent in that respect, to view and inspect the state and condition of all such passage boats, ships and vessels, usually employed in conveying passengers between the said port of Dublin and the dinerent ports in Great Britain, (his Majesty's yatcht and packets, and also such ships or vessels as may be employed to carry expresses or dispatches, and having a license under the hand and seal of some person duly authorized by the lord lieutenant of this kingdom, to grant license for such purpose excepted) and to report the state and condition of all such ships and vessels, and their materials, to the said corporation; and if any of such ships, boats, or vessels, shall be found to be in need of necessary repairs, or in any manner unfit for sea, or insufficiently provided with all necessaries and materials, and not fully and properly manned, or that the masters or commanders thereof shall not have entered into such security as herein directed, to prevent and detain all such ships, boats, and vessels, from sailing or proceeding on any voyage with any passenger or passengers on board, until such security shall have been entered into, and until such necessary repairs and other necessary materials hall be made and provided, and all other deficiencies supplied and made good aj|d sufficient, to the good liking of the said corporation.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority Penalt on mas. aforesaid, That if the master or owner of any such pas-ters of passage age boat, ship, or vessel, shall obstruct or prevent the per- boats, &c. for sons so authorized and empowered by the said corporation ^tien or H " from viewing and inspecting such ships, boats, or vessels to sea

for the purposes aforesaid, the master or owner of all such wit^h passenger* hips, boats, and vessels, shall forfeit and pay unto the said l°

corporation for every such obstruction, the sum of ten pounds sterling, #and if any master or owner of any such ships or vessels, shall proceed to sea with such ship, boat, or vessel, with any passenger or passengers on board, after the aid corporation shall order and direct the same to be detained, and before a license or order shall be obtained or procured from the said corporation for permission and liberty for

such

M The Fortieth Year of George III.

each sailing, the master or owner of all such ships and Tts* sek shall pay, or cause to be paid unto the said corporation, the full sum of one hundred pounds sterling for every such time such ship or vessel shall proceed to sea, or sail with passengers on board after receiving such order as aforesaid; and in case of non-payment of the said respective sums of ten pounds and one Hundred pounds herein before mentioned, within ten days after the breach of this act in manner aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said corporation to seize the said ship or vessel, together with all the tackle, rigging, apparel, and furniture thereunto belonging, and to sell and dispose of the same, or a competent part thereof, for payment and satisfaction of all the said fines or forfeitures, and all costs, charges, and expences attending the seizing, detaining, and selling the same.

Storing, man-

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Tbftt no ship* boat, or other vessel- of lesser burden thaa sixty tons (except his Majesty's yacht, packets, or other boats, wherries, or vessels conveying his Majesty's mails or expresses, or any expresses or dispatches by virtue of such license as aforesaid) shall be pe. nitted to act or trade as a passage ship, boat, or vessel, for carrying and conveying passengers between the said port of Dublin and the different ports of Great Britain, and that all such passage ships, boats, and other vessels, shall carry one able seaman for every twelve tons burden of such ship or vessel, exclusive of the master, mate, and boys under^the age of eighteen years, and that such vessel shall be kept in good and sufficient condition, and well provided with all necessary tackle and materials, in due proportion to the burden, construction, and tonnage of such ships and vessels, and fully and properly manned as aforesaid, and at all times provided with sufficient water for the use of - the passengers and crew, and that po ship or vessel shall take on board more than one horse for every seven tons of such ship or vessel's burden, and in default or neglect of all or any of the matters aforesaid, t1 at the master or owner of all and every such passage ship or vessel, being thereof convicted on the oaths of two or more witnesses to the satisfaction of the said corporation, or any three or more of them, shall pay unto the said corporation, , for every such neglect, the sum of twenty pounds sterling,

the same to be recovered by distress, seizure, and sale of the said ship, boat, or vessel, and by all other ways and means in this act, and the said former acts mentioned and provided. /

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this act no ship, boat, or vessel (his Majesty's yacht and packet-boats, and vessels carrying expresses and dispatches under such license as aforesaid only excepted) shall be permitted to act, ply,

sail,

The Fortieth Year of George III. 161

sail, or proceed between the said port and harbour of Dublin, and any port or harbour of Great Britain, as a passage ship, boat, or vessel, for the carriage and conveyance of S«*»rity to b« passengers, until the master thereof, and some other good and sufficient person, resident in the city of Dublin, shall vesaeliiPa, M*e enter into, perfect, and execute unto the said corporation a bond in the penal sum of two hundred pounds sterling, conditioned to observe, fulfil, obey, and in all respects, perform and keep all and every the matters and things herein before directed, which on the part of the said masters and owners are, and is to be observed, performed, and kept.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if at any time after the passing this act, any master, commander, or captain of any of the said passage ships, boats, or vessels,

(his Majesty's packets excepted) shall be found drunk or in- Drunken cap. toxicated during the voyage, and be thereof convicted by the t, ains oaths of two or more witnesses, to the satisfaction of the said dis<lualifi«^ corporation, or any three or more of them, such master, commander, or captain, shall be for ever after rendered disqualified from acting in capacity of master, commander, or captain of any passage ship, boat, or vessel, and such master or commander shall not on any account be permitted to sail with any passage ship or vessel, with, passengers on. board, from the said port of Dublin, to any port or place in 1 Great Britain.

XVIII. And whereas by the said act of the thirty-second year of his Majesty's reign, certain pains, penalties, and forfeitures, are imposed on all persons who shall injure the quays, quay walls, embankments, and other defences of

the said river Liffey, and the said harbour of Dublin, and Penalty ixtibosetf the harbour of Dunleary, by taking away the clay, sand, &X3. , 3*r'stones, and other materials, of which the same are com- '"P* W*Th posed, and by taking away sand and clay from the north and south lots; but doubts have arisen with respect to the Doubts as to extent of the said river Liffey, and the said several embank- eltent* ments, and other defences thereof, and of the said harbour of Dublin, north and south, where such injuries may be committed; for remedy whereof be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the said pains, fines, and forfeitures mentioned in the said act of the thirty-second year of his Majesty, shall extend to all injuries done or committed as aforesaid, to the quays, quay walls, embankments, and other defences, now and hereafter to be made, Extent of wale, erected, or constructed, of the said river Liffey, and the said harbour of Dublin, fend the strands thereof, commencing on the north side of the "said river, strand, harbour, ana bay, from barrack-bridge, otherwise called bloody-bridge, in the county of the city of Dublin, to and including the harbour of Sutton} and on the south side of the said river,


The Fortieth Year of George III.

Corporation may mitigate fines, &c.

No timber, atones, casks, &c. shall be left 'more than 48 hours on quays.

How timber, &c shall be laid on quays,

Duty of haven masters, and ethers.

strand, harbour, and bay, commencing from the same bridge, to and including the harbour of DaJkey; provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said corporation, or any three or more of them, from time to time, (where they shall see cause, ) to mitigate, compound, or lessen all or any of the pecuniary penalties or forfeitures in this act, and the said two former recited acts, specified and mentioned, as they in their discretion shall think fit, so as such mitigation or composition do not extend to remit above one moiety of the penalties inflicted and directed to be levied by this act, and the said former acts; and every payment of the sum directed by such mitigation composition, shall be sufficient discharge

for the persons offenaing respectively, for so much of the said penalties and forfeitures, as shall be so mitigated, lessened or remitted.

XIX. Whereas notwithstanding the laws now in being, to enforce the removal of timber and other goods from the quays, the proprietors of such goods refuse or neglect to remove the same, whereby the discharge of ships is"much obstructed, and the passage of the said quays rendered difficult and dangerous t for remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing qt this act, no timber, deals, staves, stones, blocks of marble, or other stones, casks, or other vessels, package or parcel of goods of any kind whatever, shall be permitted or suffered to remain after being landed on the said quays, longer than forty-eight houps; and in case the owners and proprietors of such goods do not remove and carry away the same from off the said quays within the time aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful, to and for the said corporation, to impose a fine of sixpence sterling for every such piece of timber, block of stone, parcel of deals, package, ana other goods that -shall so remain on the said quays, after the time aforesaid, over and above any fine heretofore' imposed by the said former acts; and in case of non-payment of such fines, and removal of such goods within the time aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said corporation to remove the same; and sell and dispose of a competent part thereof, for payment of such fines and expence of removing and keeping the same.

XX. Provided also, That all timber, deals, and other goods, on landing, shall be so placed on the said quays, as to leave twenty-five feet clear for carriages and passengers, and that any goods otherwise placed shall and may be immediately removed by the said corporation, and all expence attending the same, levied and paia as herein before is provided: and that all haven masters and other officers, abd servants belonging to and empowered by the said corporation, shall prevent the landing of any timber, deals, blocks, stones, packages, and parcels of goods on the said quays, until such part as shall or

may

163

The Fortieth Year of George III.

may be previously landed, and remain forty-eight hours, excluding Sundays, on the said quays, shall be taken and carried' from off the said quays.

XXI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Powers of the said corporation and their successors shall, from and af- col?oratioil» ter the passing of this act, be invested with, and hold and enjoy all and singular such powers, privileges, advantages, and authorities in all things, for the purpose of promoting the trade of Dublin, by rendering its port and harbour more commodious, and for preserving the walls of the river Anna Liffey, and for executing all other the purposes of this act as are now vested in the said corporatism, and to enable the said corporation to summon juries for the valuing such lands, grounds, houses, tenements, hereditaments, and premises, as the said corporation may judge necessary for the further improvement of the said port and harbour of Dublin; and that the said corporation be enabled to purchase and hold such lands, grounds, tenements, and hereditaments, and premises for the purposes aforesaid, such purchases to be made in such manner as directed in and by the said acts of the twenty-sixth and thirty-second years of his Majesty's reign.

XXII. And whereas in and by the second section of the said act, passed in the thirty-second year of his Majesty's reign, one of the divisions of lots called acre lots, in the rectified, said act mentioned, charged with the sum of two pounds ten shillings, together with five pounds per centum upon the same, as fees for collecting thereof, is erroneously stated

and mentioned in the said act to be numbered on a map or survey in the said act mentioned, made by the direction of the lord mayor, sheriffs, and commons of the city of Dublin, with the numbers one hundred and thirty to one hundred and thirty-three, including the said two last numbers, and all the numbers between the same; whereas in fact the said division of lots, called acre lots, so charged, is marked on the said map with the numbers one hundred and thirty, to one hundred and thirty-four, including the said two last numbers, and all the numbers between the same; be it therefore enacted, in order to rectify and amend the said error, that the numbers one hundred and thirty, to one hundred and thirty-four, including the said two last mentioned numbers, and all the numbers between the same marked on the said map or survey be, and the same are hereby charged with the sum of two pounds ten shillings sterling yearly, payable in manner in the said recited act mentioned, together with five pounds per centum upon the same for collecting thereof.

XXIII. And whereas in ^nd by the said act so passed in Superintendanct the thirty-second year of his Majesty's reign, the care, of and management and superintendance of the said river Anna

L 2 Liffey, Builybough

bridge.

1

The Fortieth Year of George III.

Owners of

Liffey, and the walls bounding the same, and the building and repairing of the said walls, so far as the said walls extend, or the north side of the said river from Carlisle bridge to Bally-bough bridge in the city of Dublin, was and is exclusively vested in the said corporation and their successors For ever; and the said corporation by the said act are empowered to rebuild or repair the said walls from time to time in such manner as they Should think proper or judge expedient, notwithstanding which by an error and through omission in and by the said act no particular sum is charged or made payable by the ' person or persons who then were, or now are, or may hereafter be occupier or occupiers, or in possession of that, part of the said ground situate on the north side of the said river Liffey, commencing from Car-boutes from bridge aforesaid, and ending at the Customhouse-quay,

Carlisle bridge be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, toCustom-house That from and after the passing of this act, all and every i"6d#hei?^t Person persons who is or are, or shall be the owner or yesrly and fees, owners, occupier or occupiers, or in any manner in the possession of any ground, or of any house or houses, or other building or buildings, which are or shall be erected on any part of the said ground, situate on that part of the north side Of the said river Anna Liffey, lying between Carlisle bridge and the Custom-house-quay, ana fronting the said river Liffey respectively, shall yearly and every year, on every twenty-fourth day of June for ever, pay or cause to be paid to the said corporation and their successors, at the ballast-office of the port of Dublin for the time being, the Sum of one shilling and six-pence for each and every foot which such ground, or such house or houses respectively shall measure in front to the said river, together with fees for receiving or collecting the same, at the rate of five pounds per centum, to be computed upon the sum which shall be sd payable by such person or persons respectively, the first payment of the 6aid last mentioned rates and fees to be made on the twenty-fourth day of June next.

When wo-

XXIV. And whereas the walls and boundaries of the said'(birds of inhabi- rivfer Liffey, on the north side from Carlisle bridge to Island from Car- bridge westward, and on the south side from Crampton quay SS^briSge to - westward to Island bridge, are at present much out of reisland bridge pair, and may hereafter in several parts require from time to walls re aired t*me to* ke rebuilt, repaired and amended, be it therefore tfce/ancUhe'further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case two-other third shall third parts or more in number Of the several persons inha-pay the ex- biting, possessing, or therwise entitled to the ground, houses and premises immediately opposite, and fronting such parts of the said river as the walls or boundaries thereof shall require or become necessary to be rebuilt or repaired, shall by writing under their hands require, consent and agree,

that*

pence*

The Fortieth Year ^ George III.

165

that the said corporation shall rebuild or repair any part of said walls, quays or boundaries, and shall also agree for and ascertain the expence of such buildings and repairs by the foot for each house, that the other one-third or lesser number of such proprietors or inhabitants not consenting or* agreeing to such rebuilding and Repairs, (as well as the said two-third parts or number of proprietors and inhabitants agreeing and consenting) shall be equally charged, and shall pay unto the said corporation proportionally all the necessary charges and expences of all such buildings and repairs, the same to be apportioned by the foot, or part of a foot, equally on all the said proprietors, owners and inhabitants, which said charges and expences when the same shall be ascertained and apportioned as aforesaid, shall be levied, collected# and received by the said corporation in manner as the aforesaid other tax for keeping said walls in repair, is directed to be levied and received in and by the said former acts,

XXV. And whereas by the said act of the thirty-second Power given by year of his Majesty's reign, a power is given to the said32 to cor- corporation in case of* non-payment of the yearly sums jjorth lots^for therein mentioned, charged and payable out of the several nonpayment of lots of ground on the north side of the said river, to sell and arrears, dispose by public cant in manner therein mentioned, all the estate and interest of the person or persons holding or deriving any estate or interest by virtue of any grant or lease from the lord mayor, sheriffs, commons and citizens of the city of Dublin, in the said lots out of which such arrear or arrears shall be due for payment and satisfaction of the said arrears, with interest, costs and charges as therein mentioned; and by a subsequent act passed in the thirty-third The^power year of his Majesty's reign, the like power is given to the said given by ss G. corporation to sell or dispose of any part of the said groiKid, 3-to 8e" »out& houses or premises on the south side of the said river I^iffey; lot9* but by the said acts no power i3 given to sell a competent °^rten, part of said estates and premises for the purposes aforesaid, ^competeI# and it would be attended with great inconvenience and loss to the proprietors of said premises to sell the whole of said estates and interests for the aforesaid purposes. And whereas considerable arrears of the sums payable by the persons holding and entitled to the said ground on die north and south sides of the said river, now remain due, which for want of sufficient distress to be had on the said ground, cannot bq recovered in any othei* manner, than by sale of the respective estates, and interests of the several and respective proprietors, or persons deriving under the lord mayor, sheriffs, commons and citizens in the said ground, or Of a competent part thereof for payment and satisfaction of the said arrears, and such further and other sum and sums of money as shall from time to time in future become or acpru^ due and payable

e\\l

The Fortieth Year of George III.

out of the said ground and premises, on the north and south Corporation 6ides of the said river; be it therefore further enacted, That may seU the accordingly the said corporation and their successors from whole, or com- henceforth shall and may, in manner in the said acts men* north1 o^south tioned, in case of non-payment of the several sums of money tide, in case of payable by the said acts, out of, and charged on the said non-payment of ground, on the north and south sides of the said river Liffey, from time to time, proceed to sell and dispose in manner in the said acts directed, with respect to the said lots on the north and south sides of the said river, all the estate and interest of the person and persons holding or deriving any estate or interest in the said groundon the north and south sides of the said river, by virtue of any grant or lease from the lord mayor, sheriffs, commons, and citizens of Dublin, or competent and convenient parts of all the said lots, on the said north and south sides of the said river, for payment and satisfaction of the several and respective sums payable out of the same, with interest, costs and expences, as in the said acts of the thirty-second and thirty-third years of the reign of his Majesty is directed, respecting the said lots on the north Proviso as to south sides of the said river; provided always, That so

setting parts of soon as any part or parts of the said grounds on the south south side. side of the said river, shall be demised or set by the persons now respectively intitled thereto, or theft1 respective heirs, executors, administrator^ or assigns, then th e lessee or lessees of such part or parts of said grounds, who shall pay all such taxes as shall be due and payable by such lessee or lessees respectively, out of such part or parts, as is or are, or shall v be respectively, and in several ty held by him, her, or them, shall hold and enjoy their respective interests therein, freed, exonerated, and discharged of any arrear of taxes which may be due and payable out of, or chrageable upon any other part or parts of the said grounds, on the south side of the said river; and that any person or persons so deriving, shall not be liable one for the other for the payment of the whole of the said tax, but that each and every part so held shall be distinctly and separately liable to, and charged and chargeable with the payment of said tax of one shilling and sixpence per foot; and a further additional tax of six pence per foot, herein after imposed for each and every foot only as shall be contained in front, to such part or parts as shall be so demised to him, her, or them as afore-How lessees wd: provided nevertheless, That hi order to entitle any ah?u be entitled lessee or lessees of any part or parts of the said ground^ on to benefit of last the south side of the said river, deriving under any person proviso. or persons now respectively entitled thereto, his or their

heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, to the benefit of the exemption in the proviso last above mentioned contained, such lessee or lessees, his or their heirs, executors, administrators/ or assigns, shall, within one calendar month from the

The Fortieth Year of George III. yfff

the time of the execution of such demise of any part or parts of the said ground on the south side of said river, make a return in writing, signed by him or them to said corporation, containing die date and term of such demise, and the number of feet in front to the river Lifiey, together with the meats and bounds of the premises thereby demised to be specified and set forth in a map to be annexed to such i eturn, which return anil map shall be evidence against such lessee and lessees, his of their heirs, executors, administrators, or assigns of every thing therein contained in all proceedings at law, or otherwise carried on by said corporation, under or by virtue of this or any other act for recovery of said tax or any arrears thereof.

XXVI. And whereas in laying down the said last mentioned lots, two several public streets, one called Forbes street, and the other called Benson-street, have been laid out and approved of by the of appointed by act of parliament for making wide and convenient streets between the said quay and the grand canal docks, which will tend

to benefit the trade of the city of Dublin, and the public '

in general, be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such parts of the said quay fronting the between said said river, as is or shall be contained or comprised in the qaay and canal, breadth of the said streets, shall from henceforth be exone- exone" rated and discharged from the payment of the said tax herein before imposed on the said ground and premises, on the south side of th j said river Liffey.

XXVII. And whereas by reason of the said ground on Arrear due by the south side of the said river, lying waste and unproductive Kent "d Lera-for several years last past, an arrear of the said tax on the vre* several lots in possession of Edward Kent and Nicholas Le-

favre, amounting to nine hundred and sixty-eight pounds, is now due and owing to the said corporation: And the said Edward Kent and Nicholas Lefavre have proposed to the said corporation to sink or fund the said arrear or sum of nine hundred and sixty-eight pounds, by an additional tax Additional tax of six pence by the foot on the several lots in their posses* jji P°?8ei* sion, which will effectually secure the payment of the said Lefrvre.^* arrear, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this act it shall and may be lawful for the said corporation to sink or fund the said sum of nine hundred andx sixty-eight pounds by an additional foot tax on the said several lots in the possession of the said Edward Kent and N icholas Lefavre, at and afrer the rate of six pence sterling for each and every foot, and so in proportion for less than a foot, which the said several lots, so in their possession, shall measure in front to the said river Lifiey, and accordingly the said Edward Kent and Nicholas Lefavre, or such other person and persons who now is or are, or hereafter shall or may, at any time or times, be the owner or owners,

occupier

The Fortieth Year of George III.

occupier or occupiers of the said ground on the south side of the said river, shall yearly and every year, on every twenty-fourth day of June for ever, pay, or cause to be paid to the said corporation and their successors, at the ballast office of the port of Dublin for the time being, the said additional tax of six pence per foot for each and every foot which said lots on the south side of the said river shall measure or contain in front to the said river, over and above the aforesaid tax of one shilling and six pence per foot, together with fees for receiving and collecting the said additional tax, at the rate of five pounds per centum, to be computed upon the sum which shall be so payable by such person or persons respectively, the first payment of the said last mentioned rates and feet First payment u to be made on the twenty-fourth day of June, which. will Jane, isoi. be the year one thousand eight hundred and one, the said additional tax to begin on the twenty-fourth day of June next, and to be recovered and received in the same manner as the said tax of one shilling and six pence by the foot, herein before imposed on the said ground and premises; is appointed to be recovered and received.

AXVIII. And whereas by the said act of the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his Majesty, in order to prevent fraudulent practices therein mentioned by persons buying and selling old ropes and old rigging, such persons are bound to take out licenses, and give security as in the said act mentioned; but for want of sufficient power in the said corporation to enter into such houses and places where old ropes and old rigging are deposited and to examine the same, great frauds and abuses still continue to be practised, contrary to the true intent and meaning of the said act; for remedy whereof, be it further enacted, That from and after the pas-sing this act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said*corporation, or any three or more of them, by writing under their hands, from time to tune, to enter into all places po^redto" nter w^ere^ old ropes or old rigging shall be exposed to sale, or aUplaces where shall be deposited, and to require such person and personsJd ropes or who shall expose the same for sale, or in whose possession such old ropes and old rigging shall be found, to produce n*certificate of the persons from whom the same were bought,

and that the same were weighed at a public crane, and that the names of the buyer ana seller thereof had been entered in the crane books, in manner as directed by the said act; and in default thereof, that such person and persons shall be deemed as having broke and forfeited the condition of the bond by them entered into, pursuant to the directions of the said act, without any further proof thereof, and shall also forfeit all such old ropes and rigging, and shall be subject and liable to such fines, penalties, and corporal punishments, as by the said former acts is exacted against persons stealing such old ropes and rigging.

& '

169

The Fortieth Year of George III;

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said corpo- Corporation may

ration shall be, and is hereby authorized and required to try, act

hear, and determine in a summary way, all and every the ami examine*offences against, and breaches of any clause or article in this upon oath, tone present act contained, and t6 summon before them parties and warrant* 9* witnesses for that purpose, and to examine all such witnesses

upon oath, and to proceed upon every such trial, and to give judgment and sentence thereon, and issue their warrant or warrants directed to the sheriffs of the county of the city of Dublin, or county of Dublin, to keep in safe custody in s

the common gaol of Newgate, or county gaol of Kilmainham, such person and persons as shall be committed to their charge by the said corporation, and for the inflicting the punishments directed by such sentence; and the said sheriffs are hereby directed to execute and inflict such punishments accordingly, and the said corporation are hereby also empowered to levy all fines and forfeitures under this act, in such manner, and according to such mode and form, as prescribed by the said recited act of the twenty-sixth year of his Majesty's reign, with respect to trials to be had before any proceedings to be had by the said corporation, for and on account of any breach or breaches of any clause or article in the said Jast mentioned act contained, and for the levying of fines and forfeitures on account thereof, and all other sum and sums of money which shall become due and payable by any person or persons to the said corporation, by virtue of this act.

XXX. And be it enacted, That the said act of the twenty- 26 G. s, shall sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An faltered byCept act for promoting the trade of Dublin, by rendering its port this act, orss

' and harbour more commodious, and all and every the powers, G. s. clauses, and provisoes therein contained, except such parts thereof as are altered and repealed by the said actor the thirty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty,

and by this present act shall be, and remain in full force and effect.

XXXI. And be it likewise enacted, That the aforesaid act 32 o. s shall

of the thirty-second year of the reign of his present Ma- altered

jesty, entitled. An act for repairing and preserving the malls of the river Anna Liffey, in the city of tlublin, and far amending an act passed in the twenty-sixth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled. An act for promoting the trade of Dub* lin, by rendering its port and harbour more commodious, and all and every the powers, clauses and provisoes, therein contained, except such parts thereof as are altered or repealed by this present act shall be, and remain in full force and effect

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any action shall Action* to be Jbebrought, or suit commenced against any person or persons for brought^within

matters done in pursuance of this act.

Double costs to defendant, if plaintiff be nonsuited, &c.

Expences of this act to be reimbursed.

A public act.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

any thing which shall be done in pursuance of this act, or in relation to the premises, or any of them, such action or suit shall be brought within six months after the fact shall be alleged' to have been done, and the defendant or defendants in such action may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act, and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if such action or suit shall not be brought within the time herein before limited, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such action or suit shall be nonsuited, or suffer a discontinue ance thereof, or if a verdict shall pass against such plaintiff or plaintiffs, or if upon demurrer judgment shall be given agains t the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall have double costs.

XXXIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall an cl may be lawful to and for the said corporation to pay and reimburse themselves by and out of the first of the rates, duties and revenues which they shall receive by virtue of this act, all such costs and expences as they shall be put to in the obtaining of this act.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be a public act, and shall be deemed and taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and others in all courts and places without pleading the same.

SCHEDULES.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

SCHEDULES.

Of the several and respective sums of money, rates, duties, and charges imposed and payable, and to be paid by the masters, commanders, or owners of ships, boats, and vessels, to the corporation for preserving and improving the port of Dublin, under and pursuant to the foregoing act, and referred to thereby.

FIRST SCHEDULE, A.

For every ton of ballast which shall be deliverered or taken on board any ship, boat or vessel belonging to Great Britain or Ire-Ireland, or to the British plantations, within the harbour of Dublin, or any of the creeks or harbours thereunto belonging, the sum of one shilling and sixpence per ton, - 0 16

For every ton of ballast which shall be delivered or taken on board any foreign ship, boat, or vessel, one-third part more than paid by ships, boats, or vessels belonging to Great Britain or Ireland, or the British plantations, being two shillings per ton, - 0 2 0

For heaving ballast on board such ships, boats, or 'vessels, such sum and sums of money as the said corporation can reasonably procure, the same to be done for not exceeding six-pence per ton, - - 0 0 6

For every ton of ballast which shall be put out of apy ship, boat, or vessel, belonging to Great Britain or Ireland, or the British plantations, within the said harbour of Dublin, or any of the creeks or harbours thereunto belonging, the sum of eight-pence, - 0 0 8

For every ton of ballast which shall be put out of any foreign ship, boat, or vessel within the said harbour of Dublin or any of the creeks or harbours thereunto belonging, the sum of ten-pence, - 0 0 10

172

The Fortieth Year of George III.

SECOND SCHEDULE, B.

For pilotage of all foreign ships or vessels coming into the harbour of Dublin over the bar from without the banks, ftlle sum of six shillings per foot for every foot of water such ship or vessel shall then draw, and so in proportion for half a foot of water in all cases, but no allowance whatever shall be made for odd inches, over or under half a foot in.any case, - - 0 6 0

For pilotage of every such ship or vessel from Poolbeg to the quays one shilling and sixpence per foot, - - - 0 16

For pilotage of all foreign ships or vessels coming into the harbour from within the banks over the bar, four shillings per foot - 0 4 0

For pilotage of every such ship or vessel from Poolbeg to the quays, one shilling and sixpence per foot, - 0 1 6

For pilotage of all foreign ships or vessels coming into the harbour from within the heads over the bar, three shillings per foot, - 0 3 0

For pilotage of all such ships or yessels from Poolbeg to the quays, one shilling and sixpence per foot, - - t 0 16

For pilotage of all British or Irish ships or vessels, (except ships and vessels laden with coals, with fish in bulk, or with potatoes) coming into the harbour from without the banks over the bar, three shillings per foot, and so in proportion for half a foot as aforesaid, - - 0 3 0

For pilotage of all such ships and vessels (except as aforesaid) from Poolbeg to the quays, one shilling per mot, - - 0 10

For pilotage of all such ships or vessels (except as aforesaid) coming into the said harbour from within the banks over the bar, two shillings per foot, - - - - 0 2 0

For pilotage of all such ships or vessels (except as aforesaid) from ^Poolbeg to the quays, one shilling per foot, - - - 0 10

For pilotage of every such ship or vessel (except as aforesaid) coming into the harbour from within the heads over he bar, one shilling arid six-pence per foot, u - - 0 16

For

The Fortieth Year of George III.

For pilotage of every such ship or vessel from* Poolbeg to the quays, one shilling per foot.

For pilotage of every such ship or vessel laden with coals, not coming from any part of Ireland, coming into the harbour from without the banks over the bar, two shillings per foot. For pilotage of every such ship or vessel from Poolbeg to the quays, six-pence per foot For pilotage of all such ships or vessels not coming from any part of Ireland laden with coals coming into the harbour from within the banks over the bar, one shilling per foot,

For pilotage of every such ship or vessel from Poolbeg to the quays, six-pence per foot.

For pilotage of all such ships or vessels laden with coals coming into the harbour from within the heads over the bar, one shilling per foot, -

For pilotage of all such ships or vessels from Poolbeg to me quays, six-pence per foot, -And the like rates before mentioned, payable by colliers or ships, or vessels laden with coals, for pilotage inwards to be paid, and payable by all coasting ships and vessels taking pilots on board, -

For pilotage of all foreign ships or vessels laden with merchandize, going out of the said harbour from the quays to Poolbeg, one shilling and six-pence per foot,

For pilotage of all such foreign ships or vessels from Poolbeg over the bar, one shilling and six pence per foot, - For pilotage of all foreign ships or vessels in ballast, which shall take a pilot on board, going out of the said harbour from the quays to Poolbeg, one shilling per foot, --

For pilotage of all such foreign ships or vessels from Poolbeg over the bar, one shilling per foot, -

For pilotage of British or Irish ships or vessels going out of the said harbour from the quays to Poolbeg, one shilling per foot,

For pilotage of every such ship or vessel from Poolbeg over the bar, one shilling per foot,

0 10

0 2 0 0 0 6

0 1 0 0 0 6

0 1 0 0 0 6

0 1 6 0 1 6

0 10

0 1 0

0 10 0 1 0

17$

CHAP*

174

The Fortieth Year of George III.

CHAP. XLVIII.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the thirty-eighth yiear of the Reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An Act for amending the Road from Dublin to Knocksedany in the County of Dublin.

Whereas the said act has been found insufficient in some respects, be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice-amd consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that Frede-nsumed r*ck Falkiner, esquire; "John Staunton \ Rochfort, esquire

of Coghill Cramer, esquire; and David Babington, esquire; for Knocksedan the vice-presidents of the - Dublin Society, and their trea-with the et^Cons8urer ^d secretary for the time being, be, and they are named iDAhe* hereby appointed of of the said road, toge-38 G. s. ther with the several persons in the said act named, and

that upon the death or resignation of the said Frederick Falkiner, John Staunton Rochfort, Coghill Cramer, or Da-vid Babington, a new commissioner shall be'elected in his room, in manner prescribed by the said act, and so as often as any vacancy shall happen by the death or resignation of any person so chosen.

I^toraof

II. And be it further enacted, That such four of the ro*said vice-presidents, secretaries, and treasurer of the Dublin

society, as the said society shall from time to time appoint for the purpose, shall be directors of the said road jointly with the directors appointed under the said act, and shall before the act, severally take the oath prescribed for a director therein, and shall severally have, use, and exercise, all the powers and authorities given to a director, appointed by the provisions of the said act.

5 Directors to do

III. And be it further enacted, That five directors shall any act whichi be necessary to do any act which three are by the said law

1 owered^Vdo" emPoweredto do.

§?opoundageto

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be supervisors or lawful for the said directors to pay out of the funds aris-gate-keepers. ing foy virtue of tJie said act, any money by way of poundage or allowance for money expended on the said.road to any supervisor or gate keeper appointed under the said act.

V. And in order to save the trouble of calculating the proportional contribution to be made out of the tolls raised on the said road, and the road from Dublin to Curragha, for repairing that part of the road which lies between the

175

The Fortieth Year of George III.

the house of Prospect and Dublin; be it further enacted,

That it shall and may be lawful for the directors of each of the said roads to enter into an agreement of a certain annual sum, to be paid in lieu of said proportional Agreement may contribution, out of the tolls of the road leading from be'entered into Dublin to Curragha, to the directors of the road from gunfto^Sepaid Dublin to Knocksedan, and that such sum shall be pay-quarterly to di-able quarterly, and that on non-payment thereof, the rectoi^of road directors of the said last mentioned road shall have all and Kn^k»edan.to singular the like remedies for the recovery thereof, as is enacted in respect of such proportioned contribution, provided always, that such annual sum shall not be less than the sum of one hundred pounds, nor shall any such agreement be made to continue for more than five years.

VI. And whereas provision is made by the said act.

That no part of the said road between Glasnevin bridge and Knocksedan, shall be widened to any breadth less than sixty feet, nor any new road be made between the said bridge and Knocksedan of a less width than sixty feet, and penalties are prescribed in the said act against any person who shall build any wall, or make any ditch within eighteen, instead of within thirty feet of the centre of that part of the said road; be it enacted, That all such penalties penaltiegtoex_ shall extend to persons building any wall, or making any tend to persons, ditch within thirty feet of the centre of that part of the building or said, road, and that every supervisor of the said road shall have like power to pull down or fill up, or to level any wall, centre df road drain, or ditch, which shall be built, or made within thirty between Gias-feet of the centre of the said road, as is given to him by a^Knocksedan the said act, in respect of those built, or made within eighteen a feet thereof.

CHAP

W TV Fortimik Year of George ifi, -

CHAP. XLDL

An act to attend and continue two several acts passed in the thirty-eighth and thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Losses of such of his Majesty's loyal Subjects as have suffered in their Property wring the late Rebellion, and the other Purposes tn the said acts mentioned, and for authorising the payment of Sums therein mentioned to Persons who have suffered in their persons, and to the Widows and Orphans of others who lost their Lives in said Rebellion, and to Persons who exerted themselves in discovering the said Rebellion, and been exposed to Danger, or sustained Injury in Consequence thereof.

«ai

Whereas an act of parliament passed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An act for appointing of to enquire into losses of such vu* n of his Majesty's loual subjects as have been sufferers in their

9*'*property during the subsiding rebellion in this kingdom; and

one other act passed in the thirty-ninth year of the reign* of his said Majesty, entitled. An act for more effectually car-

rying into execution the purposes of an act passed last session of parliament for appointing of to enquire into tosses of such of his Majesty's lewd subjects as have been sufferers in their property during the subsisting rebellion in this kingdom, and for providing afundfor rewarding, in manner therein, persons who have rendered service by discoveries of traitors; and whereas by the said last mentioned act his excellency the lord lieutenant of Ireland was empowered to nominate and appoint such persons, other than those therein nanie^> not exceeding twenty in number, of for enquiring into the said losses, agd the of of his Majesty's treasury were required to issue and cause to be paid to the person who Should from time to time be so appointed, not exceeding five in number, such salary and other allowance for their trouble in carrying the said act into execution, not exceeding four hundred pounds for one year, to each such person as Should be appointed by the said lord lieutenant; and whereas on account of the number of claims made in pursuance of the said acts, it is expedient to allow salaries to such greater number of of nominated appointed in pursuance of the said last recited act, not exceeding three, as the said lord lieutenant shall appoint, not exceeding four hundred pounds for one year, for each person; be it enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty

3

Payments.

Balaric* ty be allowed to a

The Fortieth Year of George III; 177

jesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the saihe, That the of of his Majesty's treasury, for the time being, shall any may issue and cause to be paid to such three other of, over and above the former number appointed, or to be appointed in pursuance of this act, from such time as the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland^ for the time being, shall direct, such salary or other allowance for their trouble in carrying the said acts into execution, not exceeding the rate of four hundred pounds for one year to each such commissioner as shall be appointed by the said lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors, so that no greater number than eight No more than # of such of shall be entitled to, or be paid any entitled to sala-salary or allowance..rie8'

II. And whereas by the said second recited act, the period Time limited in within which the said of were authorized to re- second act; ceive the claims therein mentioned, was limited to the first - 1 day of July, in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and whereas many loyal subjects of his Ma- Reason8 jesty, who under the said acts might have preferred clfums many have not for! loss of property, in consequence of their loyalty and at- preferred claim*, tachment to government, have by absenqe from Ireland, and by various unforeseen or unavoidable accidents, without wilful neglect in themselves, and others from a misconception that petitions preferred by them, stating their losses, and praying subsistence from the fund voted by the house of commons, in the session of parliament in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, for that purpose, were sufficient claims for compensation under the said acts, been prevented from preferring daims to the said of for compensation of their respective losses within the time so limited, and several of them, have since the expiration of the said time offered their claims to the said of, with satisfactory proof on oath of the causes of such omission, and many of such persons are of the poorest and most piti- '

able class of claimants; be it therefore enacted, that in every case where any claimant or claimants was or were prevented from preferring his, her, or their claim or claims, on or before the said first day of July, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, by absence from this kingdom, or by any unforeseen or unavoidable accident, without wilful neglect in themselves, or by the misconception aforesaid, and that the same, together with the special causes of such omission shall be proved on oath, to the satisfaction of the clairtw said of, the claim of every such person shall be shall be received' received by the said of^ and shall be of the same by commis»i-

effect as if the same had been offered before the said first oners within s xr tt n/r i months after

Vol. XIL M day passing this act.


m

The Fortieth Year George III.

Cklftttof sufferers in co. Galway, between 6 Oct. 1798, and 6 April, 1799, hall be received.

Rates of com. pensadon to be paid to sufferers.

day of July; provided that such claim he made within three calendar months from the passing of this act, and that the said claimant's case or cases shall In every other respect be conformable to the provision of the said recited acts.

III. And whereas doubts have arisen whether compensation could be granted under and by virtue of the said recited acts, for the losses sustained by such of his Majesty's, loyal subjects as have been sufferers in their property during the said rebellion, between the sixth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and the sixth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, in consequence of the rebellious atrocities which were so generally perpetrated through a considerable part of the county of Galway, by the horrid practice of houghing, maiming, and mutilating sheep and black cattle, and wicked and malicious burning of houses, out-houses, barns, haggards, corn-ricks, and other property; be it hereby declared and enacted, That claims of such of his Majesty's loyal subjects as have' been sufferers in their property within the period aforesaid, in consequence of insurrection or rebellion, and of the said atrocities which were the result thereof, and who have not been indemnified by presentment from grand juries or otherwise, for the same, snail be received by the said of, and such persons shall be entitled to make proof before the said of of their respective losses, and the said of are hereby empowered to enquire into, adjudge, and certify the same, in like and in as full and ample manner, and under the same regulations as they are or may be empowered to enquire into, adjudge, and certify the losses of any other his Majesty's loyal subjects by virtue of this or the said recited acts; and his Majesty's said loyal subjects who have so suffered in their properties, in consequence of the said atrocities, within the period aforesaid, shall, upon proving such sufficient case to the satisfaction of said of, under the regulations of this act and said recited acts, be entitled to the same payments by way of compensation, and in the same proportions as any other of his Majesty's loyal subjects are or may be entitled by virtue of this or the said recited acts: provided that it shall appear to the said of, or any three of them, that such claims have never been laid before the grand juiy of the county of Galway aforesaid, or having been laid before the said grand jury were by them rejected, or only in part compensated.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no greater proportion of the amount or value of the losses certified in pursuance of the said acts or this act by the of to have been sustained by any person, shall be paid as a compensation than after the respective rates herein after mentioned,

that

The Fortieth year of George III. 179

that is to say, where the sum so certified shall not exceed one hundred pounds, after the rate of ninety-five pounds per centum; where the sum so certified shall exceed one hundred pounds, and shall not exceed two hundred pounds, after the rate of ninety pounds per centum; where the sum so certified shall exceed two hundred pounds, and shall not exceed five hundred pounds, after the rate of eighty pounds per centum; where the sum so certified shall exceed five Hundred pounds, and shall not exceed one thousand pounds* after the rate of seventy-five pounds per centum; where the sum so certified shall exceed one thousand pounds, and shall not exceed three thousand pounds, after the rate of Seventy pounds per centum; where the sum so certified shall exceed three thousand pounds, /and shall not exceed five thousand {founds, after the rate of sixty-five pounds per centum; and where the sum shall exceed five thousand pounds, then after the rate ot sixty pounds per centum; provided always, that no person shall by such reduction receive a less sum than he or she would be entitled to, if the sum so certified had not exceeded the respective sums of one hundred pounds, five hundred pounds, one thousand pounds, Allowance in three thousand pounds, and five thousand pounds; provided consideration of always, That if it shall appear to the satisfaction of the said ^ffi^0* of, that any person who shall be awarded compensation for loss sustained before the said sixth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, hath since v ', sustained further loss by the means aforesaid, equal to the proportion of the sum certified in manner aforesaid to be the amount of the loss sustained by him before the said day, by this act directed to be deducted, and which the said of shall certify, then no such deduction shall be made from any sum certified to be the amount of the loss sus- 4 tained by any such person before the said day, and the said of are hereby authorized to enquiie into such farther loss for the purpose aforesaid, and no other, in the same manner as they are empowered by said acts to enquire into any other loss; provided always, that if it shall be made to appear to the satisfaction of the said of that the amount of the loss so proved to have been sustained shall exceed in value one-half of the entire property real and personal of which the claimant was possessed at the time of sustaining, such loss, the reduction so to be made shall not in that case exceed the one-half of the reduction to which his claim would otherwise be liable.

V. And whereas it has in many cases before the said of appeared, and it may appear in other cases, that during the said rebellion many houses, out-houses and manufactories have been destoyed, which were in the occupation ©if persons holding from year to year, or by determi-M 2 liable

ISO

The Fortieth Year of George III.

viable leases, and that the occupiers thereof were not loyal* or that their claims on account of such houses, out-houses and manufactories have been disallowed by the Commissioners, either on account of false evidence given on the part of the claimants or their other demerits, and that the persons under whom any such occupiers held were loyal and meritorious subjects, and doubts have been entertained whether in such cases relief ought to be given to the loyal landlord, though his estate may have suffered greatly in its value by the destruction of such buildings, for the removal of such doubts, and to prevent any such occupier from beingbenefited SSSXko by ^le merits of his loyal landlord, be it enacted, That in all have suffered by such cases the said of shall enquire into the in-ditloyal tenant*, jury sustained by the immediate landlord of such occupier, and that in all cases where they shall adjudge compensation to landlords for losses sustained by reason of the destruction of, or injury done to houses or manufactories holden by tenants holding on determinable leases, not shewing # themselves to be loyal subjects, or whose claims for any of the reasons aforesaid bave been disallowed, the said of shall nht in their certificates to the of of the treasury of the amount of the loss sustained by such landlord, express that the compensation to be given to such landlord or any part thereof, ought to be expended in rebuilding or repairing such houses, offices, or manufactories as in other cases would be requisite.

tercdinlo'be ^Ilc* be it enacted, That in all cases where any

fore thtrcom- " b°nd is by ths said acts, or either of them, required from* mistioners or any person with any surety or sureties, the same shall and befo*e ed^b"* m»y be entere<^ into before any one or more of the commis* lordTof treasury, loners appointed by or in pursuance of the said acts, or either of them, or before such person or persons as shall be appointed by the lords of of his Majesty's treasury, or any three of them for that purpose; provided always, That the person or persons so appointed shall not be entitled to, or receive from any person or persons giving such security any fee, reward, or compensation whatsoever for taking the same; and every such bond shall be as valid as if the same were entered into before the of of his Majesty's treasury; provided always, that in any suit to be commenced on any such bond, it shall not be necessary to prove the appointment of any of the sdid persons before whom said bond or security was excuted, provided the said persons have at any time acted in the capacities aforesaid; and every such bond shall be deposited in his Majesty's treasury.

wcei^io^sum* ^ndbe* enacted, That no receipt or acquittance to

not exceeding be gIven by any claimant for any sum paid in pursuance of tool the said acts, not exceeding the sum of two hundred pounds,

shall

No fee.

181

Tfo Fortieth Year of George III.

thall be liable to any stamp duty, any law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VIII. And whereas the expence of taking out administration by claimants in right of persons deceased, falls very hevy upon poorpereons whose claims are small; be ft therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said f»nmm|, jniuri of appointed by virtue of said acts, or any three may allows-of them, in their discretion, to allow the expence of such P*"* administration to any person or persons so claiming, where % 2ni«£5inids the sum claimed does not exceed one hundred pounds. noc mud look

IX. And whereas certificates may in some instances have been granted, or may be granted to fraudulent or disloyal claimants for want of timely information of such their fraud or disloyalty, and many claimants may recover, or have recovered considerable part of their lost property, after having received certificates entitling them to compensation for the same; be it therefore enacted, That before any claimant un- Claimants to tp»

der the said act shall receive, or be entitled to receive any

payment, or further payment, he or she shall, if required by j^rrrqueKiuot

the of appointed under the said act, or any three sod give «vi-

or more of them, appear before them the said of,

or any three or more of them, and answer such questions up- rtvmre*

on oath, and produce such other and further evidence with respect to his or her loyalty and losses, and with respect to

the recovery of any parts of his or her property, as the said

of >or any three or more of them, shall in their

discretion think necessary to demand, who in case of fraud,

or in case they shall not be satisfied of such claimant's being'

a loyal person, are hereby empowered and required to annul

any certificate or certificates which may have been granted

as to any such person, and in case of property recovered, to make such deductions on that account as to them shall appear

just.

X. And be it further enacted, That if it shall appear to the said of, or any three or more of them, that the claim of any claimant or claimants to whom they shall have granted a certificate or certificates under said acts, or either of them, or this present act was false and fraudulent, and pught not to have been allowed, or that such claimant or claimants was pr were disloyal, and therefore not entitled to coippensation, it shall be lawful for the said of, or any stree or morp of them, to direct a civil Civil bUh may bill to be brought in any court of proper jurisdiction, against such fraudulent or disloyal claimant or claimant?, in the name towbomcmUU

iry, for aD sych sym or sums as such fraudulent or dis-claimant or claimants shall have received, in pursuance y certificate or certificates of the said of,

His excellency's message for an addition to the concoi datum fund, and for annuities to certain persons.

Two grants of.1SOOL a year,

each.

Annuities to sufferers, widows and orphans.

The Fortieth Year of George III,

XI. And whereas his excellency the lord lieutenant of Ireland, by his message to the commons of Ireland, hath been pleased to signify that he had it in command from his Majesty to recommend to the said commons to consider, of the expediency of enabling his Majesty, by an addition to the present fund of concordatum, not exceeding the amount of one thousand five hundred pounds per annum to make provision for certain loyal subjects who had materially sufferred in their persons in the rebellion, and for the widows and orphans of certain others who had lost their lives thereby, to whom no compensation could be made by the of for the relief of suffering loyalists, by the powers now vested in them; and that his excellency was also commanded by his Majesty to recommend to the said commons'to consider of the expediency of further enabling his Majesty to grant secret annuities, not exceeding the amount of one thousand five hundred pounds per annum, in order to reward persons who by their exertions in the discovering of the rebellion which has prevailed in this kingdom, had been instrumental in the preservation of the loyal inhabitants from massacre, and the state from destruction, and who by their services had exposed their persons to danger, and sustained much injury in their properties, and whereas the said commons have resolved, that a supply be granted to his Majesty in addition to (he present fund of concordatum, not exceeding one thousand five hundred pounds per annum9 to make provisions for certain loyal subjects who materially suffered in their persons in the rebellion, and for the widows and orphans of certain others who lost their lives thereby, and &lso that in order to enable his Majesty to grant secret annuites, a further sum not exceeding the amount of one thousand five hundred pounds per annum, be granted to his Majesty in order to reward persons who exerted themselves in the discovery of the said rebellion; wherefore be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty to give and grant to su<?h of his Majesty's loyal subjects as have materially suffered in their persons in the rebellion, and to the widows and orphans of others who lost their lives thereby, such annuities or yearly sums as his Majesty shall be pleased to direct and appoint, not exceeding in the whole the sum of one thousand five hundred pounds yearly, and to be paid and payable during his Majesty's pleasure, out of the fund called the consolidated fund, in the order, and in the like manner as payments on account of concordatum are now paid or payable out of the said fund, any thing contained in an act passed in this kingdom in the thirty-third year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, an act for the support of the honor and dignity of his Majestfs croton in Ireland, and for granting to his Majesty, a civil list establishment, under certain provisions and regula

flow

The Fortieth Year of George III. 18$

tiens, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstand-

m^II. And be it enacted, That it shall and tnay be lawful for his Majesty to grant any annuity or annuities not exceed- WhQ exerted* ing in the whole the sum of one thousand five hundred pounds, 'themselves at to the under secretaries, or either of them, in the office ofherdn:

the chief secretary to the lord lieutenant, or other chief'governor or governors of this kingdom, in trust for such persons who by their exertions in the discovering of said rebellion have been instrumental in the preservation of the loyal inhabitants from massacre, and the state from destruction, and who by their services have exposed their persons to danger, and sustained much injury to their properties, such annuities' to be paid in such proportions as shall be directed by the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom; provided that no such appointment of any portion of such annuity or annuities shall be made subsequent to the thirty-first day of December, one thousand eight hundred; and provided also that such annuity or annuities may be granted over, above, and besides any annuity or annuities already granted under or by virtue of an act passed in this kingdom in the thirty-ninth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, an act for more effectually carrying into execution the purposes of an act passed last session of parliament for appointing of to enquire into losses of such of his Majesty's loyal subjects as have suffered in their property during the subsisting rebellion in this kingdom^ and for providing a fund for rewarding, in manner therein persons xvno have rendered service by discovery of traitors.

XIII. And be it enacted, That all such annuity and an- Said annuities nuities shall be charged and chargeable upon, and be issuing ^onsoiu* and payable out of the said fund, called the consolidated fund, fund.;in like manner as any annuity or annuities granted under or by virtue of the said recited act is charged or chargeable, issuable or payable, and that the said under secretaries, or either of them, to whom such money is to be paid, shall, be- Oath to-be taken fore the issuing or payment of any such money, take and before^subscribe on oath, in writing, before one of the commission-money is issued, ere for executing the office of lord high treasurer in Ireland,

(which oath any of the said of is hereby authorized and empowered to administer) to the like purport and effect as the oath prescribed and appointed in ana by the said act of the thirty-ninth year of his Majesty's reign, with respect to the annuities therein mentioned; provided that when Annuities shall any person to whom any portion of any such annuity shall ^tan^die.^ have Sheen granted or appointed as aforesaid, shall die, such annuity, as to such portion, shall cease and be no longer payable.

18V The Fortieth Year of George III.

Uototeere-

XIV. And be it enacted, That the said under secretaries, notice*^/1 ni.or e^er who shall come to the knowledge of the

"mw* death of any each person or persons, shall give like notice thereof, and that the of, of his Majesty's treasury shall have like power to examine them or either of them upon oath, as to the existence of the persons amongst whom the annuity or annuities that shall or may be granted, under or in pursuance of this act, shall be appointed to be paid as by the said act of the thirty-ninth year of his Majesty's reign, the said of have with respect to the existence of the persons amongst whom the annuities therein mentioned Not to prevent have been granted; provided nevertheless, That no grant or Wj Majesty grants which shall be made by his Majesty under the autho-prori- r*ty this act, shall extend, or be deemed, or construed to ion, r extend to restrain his Majesty from making any other act or provision which his Majesty may now lawfully do under the provisions of the before mentioned act, passed in the thirty-third year of his Majesty's reign; and such annuities as shall be payable out of the sum hereby granted in addition to the conoordatum fund, and the annuity or annuities which shall be granted to the said under secretaries in pursuance of this act, shall be issued and paid so long as the same shall respec-.tively sublist, notwithstanding the limitation of the duration of this act.

Recfted nets 38,

XV. And be it enacted, That the several acts herein be-uad 39 Geo. 3. fore recited to have been enacted in the thirty-eighth and mu continue, thirty-ninth years of the reign of his present Majesty, be and ere hereby continued, and shall remain in full force as if the paid acts had not been limited.

CHAP.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

1*5

CHAP. L.

An Act for granting certain Annuities to the Officers and Attendants of both Houses of Parliament9 whose Offices and

Attendance shall cease after the Union, or whose Offices

shall be diminished in Value thereby.

Whereas after the union the duties of several of the officers Preamble, and attendants of the two houses of the parliament of Ireland will cease, and their offices and attendants will be discontinued, and the offices of others of the said officers will be diminished in value, and it is equitable and just that a compensation be made to such persons during their respective lives, for the loss of emolument which they shall sustain thereby; wherdforebe it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That Sums annexed there shall be paid to the several officers and attendants of [2>Sedh»8icS^ the two houses of the parliament of Ireland, named in the <jule shall be schedule hereunto annexed, and whose offices or employ- paid to persons ments respectively are described in the said schedule, yearly, "am*# and every year, in manner as herein mentioned, during their uvcg.g* respective lives, the several sums annexed to their respective names, as annuities and compensations, severally, for their respective losses.

II. And be it enacted, That where any part of the emolu- Where any part

j»ents of any officer named in the said schedule hath been ^vTbwnp^d a Charge upon, and paid out of the civil list establishment, out of civil li»t the same shall continue a charge thereon, and shall be paid shall con-thereout in the same order, and in the same manner, - and 1>ai"

at the same period, as the same is now by law required to

be paid, and the sum so remaining a charge on the civil list shall be deducted out of the sum annexed to the name of such person, and directed by this act to be paid to him.

III. And be it enacted, That so muen of the said se- other amraider Tend annuities or yearly sums in the said schedule mentioned, to be paid 01* of as shall not be payable on the civil list as aforesaid, shall f^free from be issuing and payable out of the consolidated fund, after deductions, paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such sum and sums every 25 Mvckf of money as have been directed by any former act or acts of parliament to be paid out of the same, but with preference to

til other payments which shall or may be charged upon or payable out the same hereafter, and shall be paid during t£e lives of the said persons respectively, to them, and their respective assigns, in net money, free and clear from all taxjes and deductions whatsoever, m yawner following, tha$

Commissioners and officers of treasury shall render this act effectual.

Nothing herein shall restrain his Majesty from making other grants.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

is to* say, one full year's annuity on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one, and one full year's annuity on every twenty-fifth day of March in each succeeding year; and the of for executing the office of lord high treasurer, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, are and is hereby authorized and required to issue and pay, or cause to be issued and paid the several annuities or yearly sums, during the time they shall respectively sublist in manner aforesaid, without any further warrant in that behalf.

IV. And be it enacted, That the of for executing the office of lord high treasurer, and all other officers of the treasury and exchequer, now and for the time being, shall, and they are hereby authorized and required to do all such acts, matters, and things, as are herein directed, or which shall be ncessary to be done and performed by them, to render this act, and the several payments hereby directed effectual; provided always, that no grant under the authority of this act shall extend or be construed to extend to restrain his Majesty from making any other grant or pension, which he may now lawfully do, under the provisions of an act passed in this kingdom in the thirty-third year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled. An Act for the support of the honour and dignity of his Majesty's crown in Ireland, and for granting to his Majesty a civil list establishment under certain provisions and regulations.

THE

The Fortieth Year of George III.

THE SCHEDULE,

To which the foregoing act refers, containing the names of the officers and attendants of the two houses of the parliament of Ireland, whose offices or duty shall cease after the union, or whose offices may be diminished in value thereby, with a description of their respective offices or stations, and the sums authorized by the said act to be paid to them yearly, as a compensation for their respective losses.

HOUSE OF LORDS.

John earl of Clare, lord chancellor, speaker John earl of Mayo, chairman of the committees ...

Edmund Henry lord Glentworth, clerk of the crown jn chancery

William Meeke, esq. clerk of the parliaments ...

Thomas Lindsay, esq, usher of the black-rod ...

Edward Westby, esq. master in chancery Thomas Walker, esq. master in chancery M. William Henn, esq. master in chancery Steuart King, esq. master in chancery John Gayer, esq. deputy clerk of the parliaments

Thomas Bourchier, esq. deputy clerk of the crown in chancery ..

John Gregg, esq. clerk assistant

Joseph Griffith, esq. reading clerk Henry Minchin* esq. serjeant at arms Richard Carpenter Smith, jun. esq. committee clerk ...

Edmond Fenner, esq. journal clerk

Bryan Connor, esq. yeoman usher William Walker, esq. additional clerk Theobald Richard O'Flaherty, clerk in the parliament office ..

Charles Joseph Jolly, door keeper at the great, door ...

jg. s. d. 3978 3 4

1443 6 0

379 10 0

2705 16 0

96499 104 4 2 104 4 2 104 4 2 104 4 2

651 13 4

101 2 1 78012 4 293 3 1 314 2 2

231 6 0 287 7 6 243 16 6 70 0 0

74 10 8

92 2 8 John

The Fortieth Year of George III.

John Polding, door keeper to the robe room Patrick Martin, door keeper to the clerks office M w m.

William Corbitt, door keeper to the speaker's chamber - — *.

William Graham, side door keeper

Paul Thompson, door keeper at the new en-

George Paine, additional door keeper Patrick Long, messenger -

James Cavendish, messenger^ —

Michael Quinan, messenger

John Tobin, messenger Mrs. Albinia Taylor, keeper of the parliament house ..

Mary Forster, house-keeper M.

Mary Anne Forster, house-maid Sir Chichester Fortescue, Ulster, king at arms ...

Philip O'Brien, gate keeper Richard Taylor, keeper of the speaker's chamber ...

Henry Welbore viscount Cliffden, clerk of

the council

Henry Upton, deputy clerk of the council John Patrickson esq. deputy clerk of the council, usher of the council chamber, and solicitor for turnpike bills Mister William M*Kay, assistant clerk of

the council ..

Johp Ebbs and Elizabeth Grant, door keeper and council office keeper John Dwyer, esq. secretary to trie lord chancellor Ht ...^.

John Beresford, esq. purse bearer to the lord chancellor Andrew Bowen, water porter

A d*

92 2 8

92 2 8

105 0 4

92 2 8

92 2 8 92 2 8 91 IS991 IS991 13991 139

877 189472 18 11 2096

290 19 5 42 6 8

50 0 0

181 13 4 104 8 11

42195

100 17 2

14 8 2

29 2 8

14 11 4

4 11 Q

HOUSE OF COMMONS,

Right Honourable John Foster, speaker 5038 8 4 Henry Alexander, esq. chairman of the committees of supply and ways and means ... ... ... ... 500 0 0

Sir George Fitz-Gerald Hill, boronet, clerk of tfye nouse ... ... ... 2265 13 94

Edward

i

The Fortieth Year of George III.

Edward Cooke, esq. clerk of the house in reverssion

John Me. Clintock and William Foster Me.

Clintock, esqrs. serjeants at arms Edward Tresham, clerk assistant George Frederick Win Stanley, committee clerk ..

Jonathan Rogers, do.

James Rafferty, assistant committee clerk Dawson Ellis, superannuated engrossing clerk ..

Charles Henry Tandy, engrossing clerk Townley Richardson, assistant engrossing clerk ... m.

William Rafferty, clerk in the chief clerk's office, clerk of the fees, and clerk of the minutes Henry Coddington deputy serjeant at arms James Corry, ejerk of the journals and records M

John Smith, assistant clerk of the journals and records Roderick Connor, attending clerk Arthur Hume, clerk of the briefs John Ju^d, assistant clerk in the chief clerk's office ..

John Leslie Foster, esq. speaker's secretary George Donlevy, messenger

Robert Burnside, back door keeper Robert Fleming, ditto

Joseph Dogherty, messenger Dennis Smith, ditto

Lewis Donlevey, messenger

Richard Grace, ditto

Robert Garland, ditto

Edward Byrne, ditto

Denis Brenan, ditto

Hugh Gahan, ditto IM

John Browne, ditto

Andrew Carson, ditto

Patrick Ferral, ditto

Jeremiah Bannen, ditto

Joseph Morley, ditto

George Shirley, ditto Ml

Michael Dalton, ditto Ml Ml

John Ring, ditto Ml IH III

William Browne, distributor of votes llugh Higgins, assistant ditto

£ Sm dm

500 0 0

1200 0 0 504 6 10

250 0 0 250 0 0 100 0 0

HO 0 0 398 7 0

150 0 0

470 0 0 350 0 0

660 0 0

230 0 0 60 0 0 100 0 0

63 6 8 10 0 5 '68 0 0 48 0 0 48 0 0 46 0 0 46 0 0 36 0 0 36 0 0 36 0 0 36 0 0 36 0 0 36 0 0 36 0 0 36 0 0 36 0 0 51 18 6 36 0 0 36 0 0 36 0 0 36 0 0 ISO 0 0 30 0 0 Sarah

The 'Fortieth Year of George III.

Sarah Connor, houie-keeper John Kennedy, door-keeper John Walsh, ditto

Mary Connor, house attendant#

Thomas Seayers, fire-lighter Rodney Watham, ditto

e tM

Edmond Henry Lord Glentworth, clerk of the hanaper ... M.

Thomas Bourcheir, deputy ditto John Beresford, esq. purse-bearer to the lord chancellor

Mrs. Albinia Taylor, keeper of the parliament-hquse ... Ml

£ d.

401 IS 2 168 4 9b 168*9h

4 11 0

11 7 0 6 16 6

1S1 8 6h

52 5 6

SS 189140 0 0

CHAP-

F

The Fortieth Year of George III. 191

CHAP. LI.

An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Five Hundred Thousand Pounds for promoting Inland Navigation in Ireland, and for the other Purposes therein mentioned, and for the authorizing of the said Sum by Loan.

Whereas it is highly expedient that encouragement be p^given to the general system of inland navigation in Ireland, reamWc' by parliamentary grants, under such conditions and regula- Vide 530.3. tiens as parliament shall think fit, and that the same shall be c. 144. especially applied to opening one or more lines of communication between Dublin and the river Shannon, and to the E^f rendering the Shannon navigable from Lough Allen to the eiSuragingin-sea, provided the same can be done on terms just and rea- land navigation, sonable between the public and the undertakers thereof; and communication it is highly expedient in order to establish a further protec- between Dublin tien for the trade of the port of Dublin, that a sum be and the Shan-granted by parliament to effect such puroose, under such nou* conditions and regulations as* parliament shall direct. And whereas the means heretofore provided against the improvi-dent expenditure of public money granted towards the fur- have not an-therance of inland navigation have not anwered the purposewered the expected, and it is necessary to establish regulations by PurP06e: which such works may be carried on with propriety and oeconomy; wherefore be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, for the time eJ^wSSto1 being, from time to time, to nominate and appoint five per- appoint 5 dtoc-sons to be directors of all works relating to inland naviga-tors, with tien in Ireland, or for the improvement of the port and har-bour of Dublin, who shall have full power ana authority to order, direct, regulate, and appoint all matters and things whatsoever, in any manner relating to the making, furthering, and completing of any canal and works relating to inland navigation, towards the defraying of the expences of which any public money shall be applied; and such directors, or any of them, and every other person who on the death, resignation, or removal of any director shall be appointed a director in manner aforesaid, may be removed from the said office by the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, for the time being, who may direct and appoint that each of the said directors shall be paid a Salary not t salary not exceeding five hundred pounds per annum. exceed 5001. a

II. And in

The Fortieth Year of George III.

II. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the lord lieutenant or other chi^f governor or governors of this kingdom, ' from time to trnie, to give such orders and instructions for regulating the conduct and duty of the said ZTiiwaor*/" directors as may to him or them seem proper; provided such orders and instructions shall not be inconsistent with the provisions of this act.

Directors may

III. And be it enacted, That the said directors, dir any appoint officers three or more of them, with the approbation of the lord l^utenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, them, and may shall and may, from time to time, appoint all officers neces-appoint salaries, gary to be employed by them in the execution of this act, lion of lord lieu- suc^ ot^er persons whose assistance may from time to tenant.

No person possessed of stock

time be necessary therein; and the said directors may suspend any such person, or with such approbation as aforesaid, dismiss any such person from his office or employment; and the said directors, or any three or more of them, shall and may appoint such reasonable salaries and allowances to all officers and others employed by them in the execution of this act, 3s shall be approved of by the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being.

IV. And be it enacted, That no person who shall hold or be possessed of any stock or debenture, in any canal or other work which shall he made or carried on by virtue of this act, shall be capable of being a director in pursuance of this act; and if any person possessed directly or indirectly of any such stock or debenture, shall hold the office of di-

Salf^a'dSec- rector> every such person shall forfeit three times the value for under thisC" of suc^ stock or debenture, to be recovered by, and paid act. to such person or persons as shall sue for the same by action of debt in any of his Majesty's courts of record in Dublin; goal. penalty on an(* if any officer or other person who shall be employed by oJRcer, &c* the said directors in the execution of this act, shall exact, taking afee. take, or accept of any fee, perquisite, or reward whatsoever, for any act, matter, or thing done, or to be done, relating to the execution of this act, except such salary or allowance as shall be paid or appointed to be paid by the said directors in manner aforesaid, every such person shall forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds, to be sued for and recovered as aforesaid.

V. And be it enacted, That the said directors, before they shall apt in any trust committed to them under this act shall take and subscribe the following oath

/ A.B. Do solemnly promise and swear, that will faith-folly and impartially, according to the best of my sr/dll and knoxdedge, execute the several powers and trusts committed to me in and by an act of parliament made in Ireland, in the fortieth year of his Majesty George the third, entitled An Act for granting to his Majesty the sum offive fytndred thou-

2'sand

Oath to b« taken by dt-rtetprs. v

The Fortieth Year of George 1H. 193

sqnd pounds for promoting inland navigation in Ireland, and for other purposes therein mentioned, and for authorizing the raising of the said sum by loanf without favour or affection,

n'udice or malice; and that I mil not* during my acting as rector, hold directly or indirectly, any stocky debenture9 or interest in any inland navigation,

So help me Gbfh

Which oath any one of the barons of the court of exchequer, or any two lords of the treasury shall administer, and shall attest the swearing of the same before him*

VI. And be it enacted, That the said directors may with Directors may the approbation of the lord lieutenant or other chief governor contract for a or governors of Ireland) for the time being, contract for "ou#e 10(1 -

and take an house or offices for their meetings, and for trans- Relit> acting of their business under this act, the annual relit and expences of which, including taxes and repairs, shall not exceed three hundred pounds. '

VII. And be it enacted, That all the said salaries, allowances, relit, and expences in the execution of this act, shall upon the tund* be a charge upon the fund provided by this act, and shall be provided by this issued and paid thereout. act*

VIII. And be it enacted, That any three or more of the 3 Director! may said directors, at any meeting, shall be a sufficient number ^88^ct buw"

to transact any business; and the said directors shall cause a

book'to be provided and kept, wherein the names of the di- kept by secretary rectors present aUevery meeting, shall from time to time be and signed by entered by their secretary or clerk, and the entry of the chairman of each proceedings on every day of meeting shall be signed by the p6 g' chairman of such meeting; and if it shall appear by the Srr^tors°salLy said book, that in any week three of the said directors shall to be deducted not have met two days in such week, then for every such t°r non-atten-iveek the proportion of the salaries of all the said directors dance* shall be deducted from the yearly allowance appointed for them, and shall be retained Or cease unless the want of attendance at such meetings shall proceed from the license or order of the lord lieutenant for the purpose of said directors executing their duties under this act, or by unavoidable sick-ness, or the intervention of holy days; and the entries in book*shsdHje1 such book shall be allowed in all courts of law or equity, or evidence, elsewhere, as evidence of the acts and proceeding of the said directors, or of their attendance at any meeting.

IX. And be it enacted, That all petitions, memorials, re- ^otherpimerf turns, accounts, and other papers and documents relating to relating to m-the undertaking or carrying on of any inland navigation land navigation heretofore presented to the house of commons, shall be overt^tUrect's handed over to the said directors, to b€ safely kept by -

X. And be it enacted, That no aid out of any public mo- ditions aid out ney shall be given for making any new canal or works, or of public Vol XII. N altering

The Fortieth Year of George III.

money may be altering or completing any canal already begun, or arty pfctTor aher'a wor^8 relating thereto, or for improving the port or harbour canal, or im- of Dublin, unless the schema thereof shall nave been laid prove the port before the said directors, and approved of by them, nor un-DuMfo°Ur°fess t^le 8ame shall have been approved of by the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, and by three of the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury; and no memorial, proposal, or offer for making any new canal or works, or for altering or completing any canal or works already begun, shall be laid before the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, or the lords of of his Majesty's treasury, by the said directors, unless the person or persons who shall make any such application, shall have observed and complied with all the regulations and conditions in this act prescribed to be done in such case.

Proposals for

XI. And be it enacted, That when any proposal for mak-ortCr" iRg or improving a navigable canal, or making or improving improving navi- the navigation of a river, or for altering the line of any canal gadon of rivers, specified in any act of parliament, shall be presented to the mutfed\yde^- sa^ directors, a description of the line of such intended cripdons herein canal or navigation, and the land through which the same is directed. intended to be carried, shall be laid before the said directors

therewith; and that one month at the least previous to the Notice in Dublin presenting of such proposal, notice shall be given by adver-gszette and other tisement in the Dublin gazette, and two or more other news-pap > c. paperg published in the city of Dublin, and in some country newspaper, if any such newspaper shall be published in any county or town through which such line is proposed to be carried, or in the next adjoining country where any newspaper is published, if no newspaper be published in the county through which it is to pass, then by advertisement to be posted on the door of the court or session-house of the county through which such canal is intended to pass, specifying the baronies through, to, and near which respectively such canal is intended to be carried; and that a schedule be presented with such proposal, stating the tolls and duties intended to be taken on such canal or navigation, and before any such proposal shall be presented, such notice as aforesaid shall be given to the treasurer of every county through which such navigation is intended to pass, one month before the same shall be presented to said directors.

Estimates to be

XII. And be it enacted, That when any such proposal

SSssS^d an°- be presented, an estimate shall be annexed thereto of account of sub- the expence of such undertaking, signed by the person or scriptions, dec. persons making the same, specifying whether, any and what aqueducts, locks, or bridges are to be made, with their separate expence, and an account of the money subscribed for carrying the said work into execution, and the names of the

subscribers,

196

The Fortieth Year of George III.

subscribers, with the Sums severally subscribed by them, or Of the expence of such work is not intended to be defrayed by subscription, th$k an account of the manner in which the expence of the ^same is proposed to be supplied, and a copy of every proposal, and of the several matters aforesaid Copy of propo-required to be presented with or annexed to the same, be tokwd the same time transmitted or presented to the lord lieutenant lieutenant, and or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the timeto lords of trea-being, and to the said lords of of his Majesty'sury* treasury*

XIII. And be it enacted, That where the making or improving of any navigable canal, or the making or improving of the navigation of any river, shall be undertaken by subscribers, who shall agree to defray the whole or part of

the expences of such works; all deposits and payments of Deposits, sad instalments made by them respectively shall be forfeited, injjaymjmts dull case default shall be made in the payment of the whole of^he°^the sums by them respectively subscribed to be paid, if the made, same shall De demanded.

XIV. And be it enacted, That when any persons pro-Particulars to posing to make any of the works aforesaid, shall be desirous

of obtaining a charter, to enable them more effectually to of obtaining s carry on or perfect the same, all the particulars desired to charter, be granted in such charter, shall be stated to the Said directors, in order that they may report upon the same to the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, and to the said lords of of the treasury.

XV. And be it enacted, That the members of any cor- Powers of corporation so created by charter, or any seven or more of them,

shall have power to make bye laws, provided the same are byelaws, not contrary to the laws of the land, and provided the same shall be approved of by the lord chancellor, or any two of the chief judges of Ireland.

XVI. And be it enacted, That whenever the underta When under-

kers of any of such works shall be constituted and created a ^ate<Ta body body corporate for carrying on any navigation, they 'shall be corporate, they invested with all such powers, privileges, advantages, and have same authorities for carrying on the same, and off-branches there- \

from, as were before vested in the corporation for promot- corporation, and ing and carrying on inland navigation, and as now vested in as are herein re-any company for making any canal in this kingdom, andcited*

for enabling them to purchase and summon juries for valuing lands, houses, tenements, and hereditaments, except orchards, the produce whereof is not intended for public sale, yards, gardens, lawns, walled deer-parks, and planted avenues, as may be necessary for completing such navigations, and making wharfs, quays, store-houses, market-houses, locks, basons, docks, and other conveniences as to them shall seem necessary, and may be enabled to hold such lands,

N 2' tenements

19$ The Fortieth Year of George III.

tenements, and hereditaments as they so purchase; and every such corporation shall be invested with like powers to take, turn, ana draw into such navigation, and offoranchcs, waters of all rivers, rivulets, lakes, and brooks, necessary for carrying on the aforesaid works, and supplying them with water, first making compensation as by the said acts is required to owners and proprietors of nulls, or bleach-greens, damaged by Such works, or by carrying off such waters, and to all other persons injured hr their property thereby; provided that all valuation of lands and houses, and other property be made according to the real value of such lands ana houses, and other property bore on the day on which notice shall have been given in the Dublin gazette, of the intention of making and carrying on such canal; provided that nothing herein contained shall prevent any such corporation from purchasing any garden, orchard, yard, lawn, walled deer-park, or planted avenue, or any part thereof, by agreement with the proprietors thereof, provided that if such canals shall not be carried into execution within such time as shall be limited by the said directors, there shall, in such case, be a new valuation at the request of such owners and proprietors as aforesaid.

Corporation

XVII. And be it enacted, That every such corporation £lt>iAd houm he capable in law to purchase any lands and houses, to amount of besides those to be used for said navigations, to the annual

joot a year. amount of five hundred pounds and no more, and to grant and demise the same.

Eatae hereto

XVIII. And be it enacted, That in consideration of the nuT*exPence trouble which any corporation or company which shall be erected, shall be put to in miriring and maintaining any navigation, and the off-branches thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for such corporation or company, and their successors from time to time, and at all times hereafter, to ask, demand, receive, and sue for, to the use of such company and their successors, the several rates and duties herein after mentioned; that is to say, for every boat or vessel navigating (he Said navigation, and off-branches, or any part thereof, either upwards or downwards, in which any goods, merchandize, or commodities, or other matter

whatsoever shall be carried, and such rates and duties, as by any charter to be granted as aforesaid, such company shall be authorized to ordain and appoint, not exceeding the sum of two-pence for every mile, for and upon every ton of the burden or tonnage of such boat or other vessel, or for every ton weight of such goods, merchandizes, or commodities whatsoever, which shall be carried upwards or downwards upon any such navigation, at the discretion of such, company; provided always, That no higher toll than one-penny per mile be charged upon each ton weight of comr meal, S maU,

a

The Fortieth Year of George III. 197

malt, flour, potatoes, lime, sand, fuel, or manure, nor more than three-pence per mile for each passenger.

XIX. And be it enacted, That all such companies, their Powers to rate

agents, and servants be, and are hereby invested with afi And awaf

every the same powers and authorities for raising and carrying away gravel, stones, earth, and other materials for the

works of any navigation and off-branches, as are vested in overseers of public roads, by several acts of parliament in that case made and provided, subject to the same regulations and restrictions to which overseers are by such acts made subject.

XX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Company may such company to take up, and borrow upon the credit ofborrow money, their works and their estate therein, any sum not exceeding

the amount of subscriptions then* actually expended on their respective works, at any rate of interest, not exceeding legal interest, which sums so borrowed shall be a lien on their respective estates.

XXI. And be it enacted, That at the end of every year, Y^rtrjjoowitf the said directors shall make an account of all the works that lord licutcaMt^ have been performed ip such year, the expences thereof, the and lords of money paid for the same, together with a statement of the treasury, works purposed to be executed in the ensuing year, distin*

guishing such as have been approved of and recommended to the lord lieutenant, by the said directors, and an estimate of the expences thereof, and that the same be laid before the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, and the lords of of the treasury, both for the time being.

XXII. And be it enacted, That the said directors shall have Directors may power to contract with all bodies corporate or otherwise, and

with all individuals for the joint execution of any work for*9

the purchase or relit of lands or tenements, necessary for the carrying on of any navigation, and for the purchase of tolls now levied, or intended to be levied on any canal made, or to be made in Ireland, or any part thereof; and that all such bodies corporate shall be empowered to sell th$ir lands and tenements, or tolls, or any part thereof to the said directors.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That in all cases where cognizance is given to the staid directors touching the execution

of this act, or any part thereof, it shall and may be lawful t

to and for the said directors, or any one of them, to adminis- Directors may ter an oath or affirmation to any person or persons who shall administeroath* appear before them.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That if any person so to be sworn and examined before said directors, shall wilfully and corruptly swear falsely before the said directors, on such

his examination before them, he shall be liable to be indict- for

ed and prosecuted for perjury on account thereof, and be-

ing.

198 The Fortieth Year of George Hk

ing thereof convicted by due course of law, he shall be adjudged to suffer the pains and penalties of wilful and corrupt perjury.

XXV. And be it enacted, That no order Or resolution at any meeting either of the directors to be appointed in pursuance of this act, or of any company or corporation for carrying on any navigation,shall be rescinded, unless no-JUsclnding or- tice in writing of the intention to rescind the same, shall der» or resolu- have been left at the respective places of abode of the persons present at the time such order or resolution was made,

fourteen days at least before the day of the meeting at which such order or resolution is proposed to be rescinded.

No canal or

XXVI. And be it enacted, That no canal, or off-branch ^*om aoj canal, 'shall be authorized by the said directors to another without be carried on, which shall interfere with, approach towards, consent, except or be injurious to any other canal, without the consent of as herein. the company or undertakers of such canal, unless the said

directors shall, upon hearing the parties, think proper, and their determination be approved of by the lord lieutenant, or other chief - governor or governors of Ireland, and Canal company by the lords of of the treasury; provided al-snay appeal to ways, that if any company of undertakers or any canal shall Llieut.incoun- think themselves aggrieved by such determination, it shall and may be lawful for such company, within one month, to appeal to the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors in council, whose decision thereupon shall be final and conclusive to all intents and purposes.

Expediency of

XXVII. And whereas it is expedient that such naviga-mafing naviga- tiens as have been heretofore carried on and executed by wi^oiiYprivs^ means of public grants alone, or by tolls arising therefrom, awistance, sub without the assistance of the private property of any indivi-jecttocontroul dual, and such as shall hereafter be so carried on, Should be of said director, subject to the controuland direction of the said directors, in order that the tolls arising from such navigations may be applied and expended upon like information and security for the public advantage, as by this act are required in respect of any other works, and in order that where no tolls are or snail be collected on suen public navigations, or the tolls, if any be collected, shall appear to be insufficient for maintaining and keeping any such navigation in proper repair, it is expedient that the said directors to be appointed in' pursuance of this act Should have power to apply such sums as shall appear to them to he necessary for maintaining and improving such navigations, not being in any part private property, and that all corporations heretofore erected for the carrying on and managing of such navigations Should cease; be it therefore a? Elated tefar^ enacte(*> so much of any act or acts as created any cor-» iutments <*poration, or appointed any persons trustees for the direction trustees, £c. for and management of any navigation not any part private pro-such navigations eertv

The Fortieth Year of George III. 19s,

perty, or carried on or maintained, with the private property b<? repealed, of any person or persons be, and the same is hereby repealed, ^ed C&c. and every such corporation be, and the same is hereby dissolved, together with all offices and authorities derived therefrom.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That all such inland naviga- All such navlgt-tiens, together with all lands, tenements, banks, backways, tiens, See. are and every matter and thing appertaining thereto, and all the director^111 funds and tolls belonging to the same be, and the same are hereby vested in the said directors, and in such person and persons as shall successively be appointed directors in pursuance of this act.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That all powers and authori- Powers vested

ties which were vested in any corporation or company for car- in said director* rying on and managing any of such navigations be, and the ^h^Stlon*. same are hereby vested in the said directors, who shall have

full power and authority to direct and superintend the management of every such navigation in all respects whatsoever, as well as in respect of making alterations and improvements therein, and to maintaining the same, and to regulate and establish all tolls which may be taken on any such navigation, and from time to time to appoint and to remove all such officers and others as may be necessary for conducting the business of such navigations, with the approbation of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, and also with the approbation of the lords of of the treasury, or any three of them, to appoint such salaries and allowances for such officers and others as may be necessary, which salaries and allowances shall be paid out of the tolls arising from such navigations respectively, or, where the tolls shall not be sufficient, out of the fund granted by this act.

XXX. And whereas it may in some cases be found expedient that there Should be local superintendants of such navigations, as are hereby vested in the said directors: be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said direc- Appointment of tors, if they shall think fit, from time to time, to nominate {^ant^wiUi-and appoint without salary or reward, such persons as from 0^t reward, contiguity of their properties to any such navigation may be interested in the prosperity thereof, and such persons as from any other consideration shall appear to the said directors to be proper persons to be superintendants of such navigation respectively, and with such powers and authorities as such directors shall think fit, and such persons shall and may exercise such powers and authorities as such directors shall think fit, and such persona shall and may exercise such powers and' authorities in respect to such navigations as shall De committed to their superintendance, as the said directors shall authorize them respectively to exercise; provided always, That

200 The Fortieth Year of George IQ.

Sochfuperin- the said director? may, from time to time, remove such per-JSwred by,*101, 5 90 ^I^inted superin tendants; and provided that no directors. 7 new work snail be undertaken or executed without such approbation as herein before required; provided always that How far said nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to ex-^cnBttlewuZ tend, to authorize or empower the said directors in any man-companies here- ner to interfere with, direct, or controul any corporation or toforeincorpo- company heretofore incorporated, where private property has wivatepropcrty^eei^ expended in the conduct or management of their ETbeenex-^7 works or revenues, save and except so far as may be necessary pefided* to superintend and controul the expenditure of such grants as

may oe made to them under this act,

Resolution of aXXI. And whereas by a resolution of the house of commam^Ju?" m9ns third day of July* one thousand eight hun-

lsoo, for 7* dred, it is resolved. That the lord lieutenant, or other chief SOO^tOLtobe governor or governors of Ireland, be empowered to authorize na^n^and* direct, that a sum not exceeding five hundred thousand toprS^enTof pounds be applied to the general system of inland navigation port and harbour in Ireland, and particularly to the opening a communication of Dublin. between Dublin and the nver Shannon, and to the rendering of the Shannon navigable from Lough Allen to the sea, and in payment of such expences as shall be incurred in carrying the same into execution, in such manner as shall from* tune to time be recommended and approved of by such directors of inland navigation as shall be appointed in pursuance of any act to be passed this session of parliament, and for ?uch other purpose? a? shall by such act be directed, and for the improvement of the port or harbour of Dublin; be , Said sum h it enacted, That the said sum of five hundred thousand hereby granted, pounds be, and the same is hereby granted to and vested in Majesty, to be applied, from time to time, to the purposes of this act, and that for raising the same it shall and may be lawful for the lords of of his Majesty's treasury, from time to time, with the approbation of the lord lieutenant for the time being, to raise and borrow such part or parti thereof as shall or may be necessary, in such manner as may Be most advantageous to the public, either by issue of debentures or treasury bills, or both, or by issue of stoek transferable at the bank of England, or by issue of stock transferable at the bank of Ireland, aided or not aided by a premium, or by annuities, for certain terms of years or life being granted with, them, or by the sale of annuities for one life each, or for certain terms of years, or by all or any of the ways and means aforesaid, together or separately.

Saidium may be

XXXII. And be it enacted, That the said sum of five hun-applied and dred thousand pounds shall be applied to the purpose afore-acuUrecteZ #n<l shall and may be issuea and paid by the commissi-

oners foe executing the offiee of lord high treasurer in Ireland^ in such manner as is by this act directed.

The Fortieth Year of George III. 901

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That the said tom of five App#estfcm or hundred thousand pounds shall be applied to the carrying on* of such works as shall be authorized to be executed in pur- M suance of this act, and no other, and all sum and sums of

money which shall be allowed towards the same, shall be certified by the said directors, or any three of them, to the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, for the time being, and every such certificate, with die approbation of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland thereon, shall be sufficient authority to the lords of of his Majesty's treasury, to issue and pay such sums of money to the corporation, company, or person or persons, to which or whom the same hall be authorized or directed to be paid.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That the said directors, and Receipt* and also all coroorations, companies, and pmoa. to when, nyCJSSlSSr. monies shall be paid in pursuance of this act, shall, as often

as required by the of of accounts, duly account before them for all their receipts and payments in and concerning the matters under their direction and management, respectively.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That if any contract or agree- if new contract*

ment shall be made by the said directors, for making any ca- , re made, former nml or communication with the river Shannon, with any na- annulled

vigathm company, in a line or direction different from that by barons of heretofore pointed out or agreed to, it shall and may be law- exchequer.

ful for the barons of his Majesty's court of exchequer, upon the certificate thereof to them by such directors, and they are hereby required to vacate and annul any recognizance heretofore entered into by such company, for the execution of such other communication; provided always, that such navigation company shall have previously entered into a similar recognizance, and lodged the same in the court of exchequer, for the execution of such new canal or communication, within such time as the said directors shall appoint, in an amount bearing a like proportion to the work to be executed, of which the certificate of any three of the directors shall be deemed sufficient proof.

CHAP.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

Recital of message relative to right hon. J. M. Mason:

Recital of message relative to earl of Athlone.

CHAP. LIII.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant certain Annuities to the Right Honorable John Monck Mason, and to the Earls of Athlone and Roscommon, and to the Lord Baron Aylmer, in manner therein mentioned.

Most gracious Sovereign,

Whereas his excellency the marquis Cornwallis, lord lieutenant general and general governor of Ireland, by his message to your faithful commons, hath been pleased to signify, that he had it in command from your Majesty to represent to your faithful commons the case of the right honorable John Monck Mason who hath served your Majesty and the public. for a considerable length of time, in high official situations, particularly as a commissioner of your Majesty's revenues in this kingdom; that in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, the said John Monck Mason resigned his seat at the revenue board, and was appointed a commissioner of the* treasury, and that had he remained at the board of revenue, he would in a few months, after twenty-five years service, be entitled to an annuity upon incidents, equal to his salary, agreeably to the resolutions of the said commons, but that having quit that office, he cannot now claim the provision his long services would have entitled him to; that the said John Monck Mason's advanced age and state of health, require retirement from the fatigues of business, and your Majesty recommended it to your faithful commons, to consider of enabling your Majesty to grant an annuity of one thousand two hundred pounds to the said John Monck Mason, in consideration of his long and faithful services, the said annuity to commence upon his resignation of the office of one of the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury; and whereas his said excellency, by another message to your faithful commons, hath been pleased to signify that he had it in command from your Majesty, to represent to your faithful commons the case of the earl of Athlone, whose ancestors rendered such distinguished services in this kingdom, and whose whole property on the Continent had been confiscated, and his numerous family thereby deprived of all means of support and education suitable to their rank; and your Majesty recommended it to your faithful commons, to consider of enabling your Majesty to grant an annuity of two thousand pounds, to the said earl of Athlone, and the successors to that dignity.

203

The Fortieth Year of George III.

ty, in lieu of the annuity of one thousand two hundred, pounds, which had been granted to him, in pursuance of / an act passed in this kingdom in the thirty-sixth year of your Majesty's reign; And whereas his said excellency, by Recital of met-another message to your said commons, hath been pleased to «ge relative to signify, that' he had it in command from your Majesty to 0fC0ln' acquaint your said commons, that your Majesty in consideration. of the case of the earl of Roscommon, who has recently succeeded to the dignities of his ancestors, but who does not inherit any part of the estates formerly held by <them, recommended it to your said commons to consider of enabling your Majesty to grant to the said earl of Roscommon an annuity of six hundred pounds, towards the support of the high rank Jie holds in this kingdom; And whereas his said excellency, by another message to your said commons, hath been pleased to signify, that he had your Majesty's commands to represent to your said commons, the case of the lord baron Aylmer, who has succeeded to the dignity of the peerage of this kingdom, without any provision towards the Recital of mec-support of his rank, and your Majesty recommended it to sage relative to your faithful commons to consider of enabling your Majestylonl Aylmer, to grant an annuity of six hundred pounds to the said lord baron Aylmer, towards the support of the dignity he holds in the peerage of this kingdom: And whereas your Majesty's said commons having taken into consideration the said messages, have unanimously agreed to enable your Majesty to grant annuities to the said John Monck Mason, the said earl of Athlone, earl of Roscommon, and lord baron Aylmer, in manner herein mentioned. Now we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the commons of Ireland in parliament assembled, duly considering your Majesty's most gracious intentions, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty to give and jgrant to the said John Monck Mason an annuity, or yearly sum of one thousand two hundred pounds, during his Majesty's pleasure, the said annuity to commence upon his resignation of the said office of one of the commissioners of the treasury; and that it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty to give and grant to the said Earl of Athlone, and the successors to that dignity, an annuity or yearly sum not exceeding two thousand pounds, the same to be in lieu of Two thousand

the said annuity of one thousand two hundred pounds, grant- pounds a Tear. J n 1.i r., 7 o, earl Athlone and

ed to him in pursuance of the said act, passed in the thirty- gUCCe§8or8.

sixth year of his Majesty's reign; and also that it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty to give and grant to the said earl of Roscpmmon an annuity or yearly sum of six hundred

The Fortieth Yeor of Georg* m.

0001. a year to earl Roccom-snon.

COOL a year to lord Aylmer. Payable out of consolidated fund.

Their Receipts

dred pounds towards the support erf* the high rank he holds in this kingdom; and that it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty to give and grant to the said lord baron Aylmer an annuity or yearly sum of six hundred pounds towards support of the dignity he holds.in the peerage of this kingdom, the said several annuities to be charged upon, and to be paid, and payable out of the fund called the consolidated fund, after paying, or reserving sidficient to pay all such sum and sums of money as have been directed by any former act or acts of parliament to be paid out of the same, but with preference to all other payments which shall or may hereafter be charged upon, or payable out of the said fund, and the same shall from time to time be paid quarterly, and the of for executing the office of lord high treasurer, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to issue and pay, or cause to be issued and paid the said several annuities accordingly, any thing in an act made in the thirty-third year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, an act for the support of the honor and dignity of his Majesty & crown in Ireland, and for granting to his Majesty a evoil list + establishment, under certain provisions and regulations to the contrary thereof notwithstanding, v II- And be it enacted, That the acquittances or receipts hail be sufficient respectively of the said John Monck Mason, and of the said discharges. earl of Athlone, and the successors, to the dignity of earl of Athlone, and the acquittances or receipts of the said earl of Roscommon, and lord baron Aylmer, shall be a good and sufficient discharge for the payment of the said annuities respectively, without any further or other warrant to be sued for or obtained in that behalf,

Earl of Ath-

III. And be it enacted, That the said annuity, or yearly tone's annuity sum of two thousand pounds shall be, and the same is by not transferable this act vested in the said earl of Athlone, and the succes-^>r more SOrs to the dignity of earl of Athlone, and the same or any part thereof shall* not at any time or tunes hereafter be alien-, ed, conveyed, disposed of, charged or incumbered by the said earl of Athlone, by any of the successors to the dignity of earl of Athlone, for any greater or larger estate or time than during the natural life of the person aliening, conveying, disposing of, charging or incumbering the same, or so as to prevent the same from descending to the next successor Nott to restrain to the said title and dignity: provided nevertheless that no from miking any grant which shall be made by his Majesty under theautho-7 rity of this act shall extend, or be construed to extend to restrain his Majesty from making any other grant or pension which he may now lawfully do under the provisions of the said act.

IV. And be it enacted* That neither the six-pence in the pound or any other fee shall be deducted on account of any payment made in pursuance of this act.

CHAP*

other grant.

No Fee.

205

The Fortieth Year of George III.

CHAP. LX.

An Act for granting to hu Majesty a further Supply out of the Consolidated Fund, to he appUed to the Purposes therein mentioned and for raising by Loan the several Sums therein'mentioned.

Whereas by an act pfesed this session of parliament; bj recited act entitled. An Act for securing the payment of the annuities, or this session, and of the interest and charges upon the principal sums there- 14s*

in provided for, and towards discharge of such principal sums gSitedto his in such manner as therein is directed, and for enabling the Majesty, officers of his Majesty's treasury to receive certain sums for a limited time in manner therein mentioned, and for granting unto his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the consolidatedfund, and for applying a certain sum of money therein mentioned, for the services of the year one thousand eight hundred, and for other purposes, it is enacted, that out of such monies as shall from time to time be, and remain in the exchequer of the surplus of the fund, called the consolidated fund, from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one, inclusive, after paying and reserving sufficient to pay all such sum and sums of money as have been directed by any former act or acts of parliament, or by any act or acts passed this session of parliament, to be paid out of the same, shall and may be issued and applied for'and towards making good the supply granted to his Majesty for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred, a sum not exceeding five million three hundred and forty-one thousand six hundred and two pounds fourteen shillings and eight-pence halfpenny.

II. And whereas his Majesty's loyal subjects, the commons of Ireland, in parliament assembled, have resolved to give and grant to his Majesty a further supply of the sum herein after mentioned; therefore be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this presentparliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That out of such monies as shall from time to time a further supply y remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the surplus of the of 762, 84U. iu. Said consblidated fund from the said twenty-fifth day of l^tris^pur-March, one thousand eight hundred, to the twenty-fifth day poses hereafter - of March, one thousand eight hundred and one, inclusive, mentioned, after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such sum and urns as have been directed by the said act to be paid, shall and may be issued and applied for and towards maxing good

the

206

The Fortieth Year of George III.

the said further supply to his Majesty for the services of the Said year one thousand eight hundred, a sum not exceeding^ seven hundred and sixty-two thousand four hundred and eighty-one pounds eleven shillings and eleven pence, and the same is hereby appropriated, and shall be issued by the of of his Majesty's treasury, 'or any three or more of them, or by the lord high treasurer for the time being, and applied for and towards the several uses and purposes herein after expressed. '

III. And be it enacted, that out of the said further supply there shall and may be issued and applied the sum of ten

10.0002. to Duh- thousand pounds to the Dublin Society, towards enabling lin Society them to carry into execution the very useful objects for the

improvement of agriculture, arts, and manufactures, mentioned in their petition to the house of commons; the sum 3002. to astocia- of three hundred pounds to the association for discounte-, tien for dUcoun- nancing vice, and promoting the practice of virtue, to en-ac^to "the VlCC able them to carry into execution the objects of their petition speaker for to the said house; the sum of three hundred pounds to the clerks. right honourable the speaker of the said house, to be by him

applied to the payment of clerks attending the same; any £30, 0002. for suf- sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of two hungering loyalists. dred and thirty thousand pounds, to be applied by his excellency the lord lieutenant in the relief of those persons who have suffered from their loyalty during the rebellion, and in the payment of such expences as shSl be incurred in the examination and payment of their claims, a sum not exceed-

500.0002. for de- ing the sum of five hundred thousand pounds, to be applied fence of Ireland, by his excellency the lord lieutenant in defraying such extraordinary expence as maybe incurred for the defence of Ire-

75002. to dis- land; the sum of seven thousand five hundred pounds to be charge debts of applied in such manner as his excellency the lord lieutenant ment^Dublin" think fit towards discharging the debts due by the^church-wardens and directors of the late watch establishment 10002. for Wick- in the district of the metropolis; the sum of one thousand low gold mine, pounds to the lords of the treasury, to be by them applied under the direction of his excellency the lord lieutenant, towards working a gold mine in the county of Wicklow; a 10002. to R. I. sum of one thousand pounds to the president and members of academy. the royal Irish academy, for the purposes of their institution

9002. to H. the sum of nine hundred pounds to Henry Ormsby, marshal

Ormsby, mar- Of the four courts marshalsea, in lieu of rents and fees due sbalsea.C' mar" anc* payable to him by insolvent debtors, of which he has been deprived by several acts of parliament in their favour; n 48i2.nr. lid. sum eleven thousand four hundred and eighty-one for indexes to pounds eleven shillings and eleven pence to the right honour*, journals of h. of able the speaker of the house of commons, to be by him commons, &c. applied, to defray the expence of forming indexes to the several volumes of the new edition of the journals of the house of commons, of forming a general index to the said

journals,

207

The Fortieth Year of George III.

journals, and of printing the same, and also the expence of binding six hundred and nine sets of the said journals and indexes; the sum of five thousand pounds to be applied to soooof. for print-defray the charge of printing and stationary for both houses "8 ^db^tlon* of parliament; the sum of four hundred pounds net to Ed- hmises of par-mond Fenner, clerk of the journals of the house of lords, liament. for his labour and expence in transcribing the journals of the Edmond

house of lords; and the sum of five hundred pounds for female

the purpose of aiding the female orphan-house charity on orphan house, the circular road near Dublin.

IV. And be it enacted, That the further supply by this fhafbe a8UPlFe$

act granted, shall be issued and applied to the uses, intents, topurposesof and purposes in this act mentioned, and to no other. this act.

V. And whereas by a resolution of the house of commons, Resolution to of the second day of July, one thousand eight hundred, it is raise 5, 366, 666*. resolved, that towards raising the said supply of five million 13, # by loan, three hundred and forty-one thousand six hundred and two

pounds fourteen shillings and eight-pence halfpenny, and the said further supply of seven hundred and sixty-two thousand four hundred and eighty-one pounds eleven shillings and eleven pence, making together the sum of six million one hundred and four thousand and eighty-four pounds six shillings and seven-pence; the sum of five million three hundred and sixty-six thousand six hundred and sixty pounds thirteen shillings and four-pence, be Raised by way of loan.

VI. And whereas a sum not exceeding two millions of Provision to be

pounds British currency hath been granted to his Majesty by made for interest the parliament of Great Britain, to enable his Majesty to of

make remittances from time to time, to be applied to his Ma- British , rranted jesty's service in Ireland, in such manner as Should be ap- by the English proved of by the parliament of Ireland, on provision being Parliament* made by the said parliament for defraying the interest and

charges of a loan to that amount; in order therefore to raise the said sum, not exceeding two millions of pounds British currency, as part of the said sum by the said resolution authorized to be raised by loan, be it enacted, That it shall Lords of trea-and may be lawful for the of of his Majesty's "eJ^eTwo mil-treasury in Ireland to receive, or cause to be received, at the uons, British, receipt of his Majesty's exchequer in Ireland, from the com- from treasury missioners of his Majesty's treasury in England, all such sumin Gt Britair' and sums of money, not exceeding two millions of pounds British currency, making in Irish currency the sum of two million one hundred and sixty-six thousand six hundred and sixty-six pounds thirteen shillings and four-pence, as shall be paid by the of of his Majesty's treasury in England.

VII. And whereas the said sum of two millions of pounds Terms on which hath been raised in Great Britain by loan, and every contri- said sum of two butor thereto, for every one hundred pounds contributed and

paid, is entitled to the principal sum of one hundred and ten

208 The Fortieth Year of George III.

ten pounds, making a capital stock of two million two hundred thousand pounds, British currency, amounting in Irish currency to two million three hundred and eighty-three thousand three hundred and thirty-three pounds six shillings and eight pence, in annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum, to commence from the fifth day of January, one thousand eight hundred, and to the further principal sum of forty-seven pounds, making a capital stock of nine hundred and forty thousand pounds, British currency, amounting in Irish currency to one million eighteen thousand three hundred and thirty-three pounds six shillings and eight-pence in three pounds per centum, reduced annuities, to commence from the fifth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; and the said two sums of capital stock amounting to three million three hundred and one thousand six hundred and sixty-six pounds, thirteen shillings and four-pence, is also subject to a yearly charge of one pound per centum, to be issued by the of of the treasury in England by quarterly payments to the of appointed by act of parliament in Great Britain, for reducing the national debt, to be applied in the reduction thereof; in order therefore to enable the of of his Majesty's treasury in England to cause the said annuities, or interest and charge to be regularly paid; be it enacted, That out of all or any of the aids and duties appropriated to the payment of the interest and charges of any sum or sums raised by loan, in pursuance of any act or acts of parliament in Ire-Interest and land, the of of hies Majesty's treasury in Ireland

i? 8^la^ cause° ke issued out of the receipt of his Majesty's

paid on.excheqUer Ireland^ and paid in London to the of of his Majesty's treasury in England, the amount of each half-yearly annuity or interest, at the times the same respectively shall become due as aforesaid, and also the said quarterly and other charges.

*, 5oo, oooo?. to be

VIII. And be it enacted, that for raising the sum of two tur^at5per60" million five hundred thousand pounds, in further part of cent, from 25 the said sum of five million three hundred and sixty-six

March, 1800, thousand six hundred and sixty-six pounds thirteen shillings

treawry'bm* aT an(* ^our pence, authorized to be raised by loan as aforesaid, 6 per cent, from debentures to the amount of two million five hundred thousand pounds, bearing an interest at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, from the twenty-fifth day of March, in the year one thousand eight hundred; and treasury bills to the amount of two hundred and eighty-six thousand two hundred and fifty pounds, bearing a like interest from the twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, shall be issued, so that the contributor or contributors to the said loan shall receive a debenture for one hundred pounds, and treasury bills at the rate of fifteen pounds nine shillings, for every sum of one hundred pounds

contributed;

25 Dec. 1799. How such debentures and t* bills shall be issued*

The Fortieth Year of George III.

contributed; such treasury bills to pass current at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer in Ireland, on the twenty-fifth day of March, in the year one thousand eight hundred and three.

IX. And be it enacted, That the contributor or contribu- Contributor* ts tors to the said sum of two million five hundred thousand W10pwcson pounds, shall, on or before the twenty-first day of June, one thousand eight hundred, pay into tnc receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, ten pounds per centum on such sum or sums as he or they shall respectively contribute as a deposite and security for making the future payments in the proportions, and on or before the days herein after mentioned; .*

that is to say, ten pounds per centum on such sum, 09 or ja7S & M before the thirtieth day ot July, one thousand eight hun- payment dred; a like ten pounds per centum on or before the thirtieth, day of August following; a like ten pounds per centum on or before the twenty-seventh day of September following; a like ten pounds per centum on or before the thirtieth day of October following; a like ten pounds per centum on or before the twenty-ninth day of November following; q like ten pounds per centum on or before the twenty-fourth day of December following; a like ten pounds per centum on or before the fifteenth day of January, in the year one thousand '

eight hundred and one; a like ten pounds per centum on or before the tenth day of February following; and a like ten pounds per centum on or before the twentieth day of March following; and if any of the aforesaid payments shall be Ditoount to be made before the times on which they are respectively pay- mentsm^ehJ-able as aforesaid, there shall be allowed an interest by way fore stipulated of discount, at the rate of five pounds per centum per time*. annum on the sum so advanced, to be computed from the day of paying in to the time the same is payable, as aforesaid; and the said first deposite shall be forfeited to the use first deposite of his Majesty, in case the persons respectively making the forfeited on same shall fail to make any subsequent payment on or be- quen7paymei^ fore any of the days on which the sajpe ought to be paid as H aforesaid.

X. And be it enacted, That for every sum of one hun- Debenture* to dred pounds which shall be so paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, a debenture for one hundred pounds, ' andiruw^it ptid bearing such interest as aforesaid, shall be given by the pro- at treasury, pet officer of his Majesty's treasury in like manner, as hath been usually done in cases where principal sums have been heretofore borrowed on loau by debentures; and that upon every such debenture there shall be paid at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer in Ireland, to the person or persons who shall respectively become entitled to the same, an interest at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, from the said twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, without any fee or charge, and free from all deduc-

0 tiens,

flO The Fortieth Year of George III.

fciona whatsoever, until such time as they shall be paid their principal money at one entire payment. iVettunr blllt to

XI. And be it enacted, That treasury bills at the rate be bailed and of fifteen pounds nine shillings for each such one hundred pounds as shall be so paid, shall be issued by the proper officers of his Majesty's treasury bearingsuch interest as aforesaid, and given to the persons respectively, who shall have made such payments, and such treasury bills shall pass current at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer in Ireland, on the twenty-fifth day of March, on thousand eight hundred and three, after which time all the interest thereon shall cease.

Sierest on T.

XII. And be it enacted, That upon every such treasury

bill there shall be paid at the receipt of his Majesty's ex-trcaiury* chequer in Ireland, to the bearer thereof, an interest after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, from the said twenty-fifth day of December* one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, without any fee or charge, and free from all abatements whatsoever. jjOMn of

XIII. And whereas Luke White, of the city of Dublin,

1, 500, 0001. con- esquire, on the sixteenth day of April, one thousand eight hundred, pursuant to a printed paper or public notice pub-e e^aq. on the first day Gf April preceding, and dated at his Majesty's treasury in the castle of Dublin, did by a written proposal, signed and delivered by him at the office of the right honourable lord viscount Castlereagh, in the castle of Dublin, agree and contract to lend and advance by way of loan, for the use of the Irish government, and to pay at the treasury of Ireland, by certain instalments, for the exigencies of the public service, the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, on certain terms and conditions expressed in said printed paper, according to the usual course in such ases, subject to the approbation of parliament; and he paid 75, 0001. the said Luke White, on the sixteenth day of April, paid ms a deposite, but the sum of seventy-five thousand pounds; as a deposite for remahuSrtbe secur^y fulfilment of the terms on his part, being part of the said sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, in part performance of the said agreement, but has since failed to pay the sum of two hundred and twenty-five thousand pounds, which sum he had so contracted, ana was bound as aforesaid to pay on the twenty-third day of May, one thousand eight hundred, and failed to perform his said engagement thereto, by which means it appears that the said Luke White abandoned all benefit that could have arisen to him from the due performance of the said contract, and forfeited the sum of seventy-five thousand pounds so aid 75, 0001- advanced by him as aforesaid; be it enacted, That the said

towardssu^f* sum °* seventy-five thousand pounds shall be applied towards taving right to7' raising the said supply granted to his Majesty, saving never-taid Luke White theles#

Mhsreia.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

211

theless to the King's most excellent Majesty, his heirs and successors, full power and authority to cause that right be done to the said Luke White, upon his petition, to be presented within six months after the passing of this act, if it shall appear that he the said Luke White hath not violated the conditions of the said contract, or that he hath been released from the due performance thereof*

XIV. And be it enacted, That towards raising the said sum of five million three hundred and sixty six thousand six hundred and sixty-six pounds thirteen shillings and four-

pence, any sum or sums of money not exceeding seven hun- 700

ared thousand pounds may be raised on treasury bills, bear- be raised by^ % ins an interest at the rate of pounds per centum per annum, bills, at 5 per which treasury bills shall and may be payable at such time j^nJ^whkhdI?1J or times as shall be agreed upon by the of bank c^Irdaall for executing the office of lord high treasurer of Ireland for the time being, with the approbation of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, and such sum or sums may be advanced and lent by the governor and company of the bank of Ireland.

XV. And whereas by an act passed in the thirty-ninth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to grant certain

duties therein mentioned to his Majesty, to be applied to the pur- Recital wid* pose of making wide and convenient ways, streets, and passages in the city of Dublin, and for enabling the of therein mentioned more effectually to execute the trusts reposed in them, certain duties are granted for the purposes therein mentioned, and by the said act the said of are authorized to borrow upon the security of the said duties and funds a net sum of thirty-eight thousand nine hundred and eighty-five pounds nineteen shillings and seven-pence, for the purpose of opening a communication from Carlisle bridge to the parliament-house. And whereas it would much conduce to effect the purposes of the said act, if the said sum were raised, borrowed, and secured in like manner as the sum of two million five hundred thousand pounds herein before mentioned, part of the said supply granted to his Majesty, is authorized to be raised, borrowed, and secured; therefore be it enacted, that it shall and may be lawful for the of for executing the office of lord high treasurer of Ireland, or any three or more of them, or the lord high 58, 9851. lSs. 7d. treasurer for the time being, at the instance of the said' of for making wide and convenient ways, streets, of wide streets, and passages in Dublin, from time to time, with the appro- on debentures bation of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or go-vemors of Ireland for the time being, to raise by loan on act/ debentures, aided by treasury bills, any sum of money not exceeding the said sum of thirty-eight thousand nine hun-

O 2 dred

212 !the Portieh Year of George III.

dred and eighty-five pounds nineteen shillings and seven* pence, and that the same, when raised, shall be handed over to the said of for making wide and convenient ways, streets and passages in Dublin, for the purposes in the said recited act mentioned, concerning the said sum.

XVI. And be it enacted, That for every sum of one iwued in°u*ual ^undred pounds which shall be paid into the receipt of his manner. Majesty's exchequer, by any contributor or contributors to

the said sum, a debenture for the principal sum of one hundred pounds, bearing an interest of five pounds per centum per annum9 from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred, and also treasury bills at the rate of fifteen pounds nine shillings for every such one hundred pounds, bearing an interest at the rate*of five pounds per centum per annum9 from the twenty-fifth day of December,

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, shall be given by the proper officers of his Majesty's treasury in like manlier as hath been usually done in cases where principal sums have been heretofore borrowed on loan by debenture or treasury bills, which treasury bills shall pass current at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, on the twenty* fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and three.

Such T. bills

XVII. And be it enacted, That all such treasury billy may be renewed as shall be so issued, snail and may, at the instance of the at instance of said of for making wide and convenient ways,

MidccMounls- streets, and passages in Dublin, with the like approbation

ere. aforesaid, be from time to time renewed or replaced with

other treasury bills, bearing an interest not exceeding the fate of five poundsper centum per annum.

Interest on such

XVIII. And be it enacted, That upon every such deben-debenturestobe ture and treasury bill there shall be paid at the receipt of 5warch 1800; his Majesty's exchequer, to the person or persons who shall and on T, bills respectively become entitled to the satae, an interest at the_from 25 Dec. rate of five pounds per centum per annum, from the said twenty-fifth aay of March, one thousand eight hundred, upon evCrv such debenture, and a like interest from the twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven htmdred and ninety-nine, on every such treasury bill, without any.fee or charge, and free from all deductions whatsoever, until such time as they shall respectively be paid their principal ly commission- mohey at one entire payment*

ers of \yide XIA. And be it enacted, That the said of for

tyTtnd ^ctoai ^akrog wide apd convenient ways, streets, and passages in sums if not r2- Dublin, shall, half yearly, previous to the respective days acwedr on which the interest of Sucn debentures and treasury bins

shall be payable, pay into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer in Ireland, a sum equal to the half yearly interest which shall be then payable on Such debentures and treasury bills respectively, and in case such treasury bills shall not be renewed or replaced by the issuing of other treasury bids in

lieu

Tkt Fgrtifth Year efCfeorge Ilf.

219

lieu thereof, shall, previous to the time the same shall be payable, pay in like manner the principal smq§ seeded py such treasury bills, AH rate* and

XX. And be it enacted, That all rates, duties, and taxes duties vested in granted by the said act, or by any other act or acts of purli-[<x co"P^* ament, and vested in the said of for making wide S^Skto such and convenient ways, streets, and passages in Dublin, shall payment*.

be subject to the payment into the receipt of the said exchequer, of the said interest, and to the payment of the principal sums to be contained in the said treasury bills- Rate*, dutie*,

XXI. And be it enacted, That in case apy monies shall be &c* sh?Ube

paid at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, in discharge ^*u

of the interest or the said debentures or treasury bills, or in principal' otId-discharge of the principal sums in any such treasury bills, tere*t advanced for payment of which the said last mentioned of a*h5 trea8VrT shall not have supplied money pursuant to this act, then and, lwu p F from thenceforth all the said rates, duties, and taxes shall

stand vested in his Majesty, his heirs apd successors, and shad be paid into his Majesty's treasury, and retained as a fund fqr the discharge of the future interest of such principal sums, and of such principal sums secured by such treasury bills, until the whole thereof shall have been paid.

XXII. And whereas by a rpsplutfrn of the house of com* mens of the second day of July, one thousand eight hup* dred, it is resolved, that the sum of one million four hundred and ten-thousand pounds be raised by loan for the pur- Refol^on$ t6 pose of making good such allowances as may be adjudged to raise i .410, 000k the cities, towns, and boroughs, which shall not after the f?r compen*-union return any member to sit in the parliament of the

united kingdom, and also tp make compensation to the per- union.

sons holding offices who may have the profits or emoluments

of their respective offices discontinued or reduced by reason

of the union; and also to defray the expences which may

attend the commission which shall be appointed to esquire

into the same; be it enacted, that towards raising the said How said Sum

sum of one million fimr hundred and ten thousand pounds, of

the lords of of his Majesty's treasury may from be r*l8e"*

time to time, with the approbation of the lord lieutenant fop

the time being, raise such part or parts thereof as shall or

may be necessary, in such manner as may be most advan*

tageous to the public, either by the issue of debentures or

treasury bills, or both, or by issue of stock transferable at

the hank of England, 6r by issue of stock transferable at

the bank of Ireland, aided or not aided by a premium, pr by

annuities for certain terms of years, pp for life, being granted

with them, or by the sale Of annuities for life each, or for

certain terms of years, or by all or any of the ways and

xneans aforesaid, together or separately, as may be agreed

upon by the lord lieutenant^ or other chief governor or go-f

vernors of this kingdom for the time being,


214

Said sqm shall be applied as aforesaid.

Address for a grant of 50001,

The Fortieth Year of George III.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That the said sum of one million four hundred and ten thousand pounds, shall be applied to the purpose aforesaid, and shall and may be issued and paid by the of for executing the office of lord high treasurer in Ireland, in such manner as is or shall be directed by any'act or acts passed, or to be passed this session of parliament.

XXIV. And whereas by a resolution of the house of commons of the twenty-third day of May, one thousand eight hundred, it is resolved, That an humble address be presented to his excellency the lord lieutenant, that he will be pleased to lay before his Majesty, the humble request of to William Ball, the said house, that his Majesty will be graciously pleased to Tofcof^tatwtes or^erasumnot exceeding five thousand pounds net, to be and making a 'paid to William Ball, for his labour and trouble in editing complete index, five volumes of the Statutes, and making a complete index to a new edition of the Statutes at large, passed in the several parliaments holden in Ireland, from the third year of the reign of Edward the second, to the thirty-eighth year of his present Majesty, and that the said house would make good the same; be it enacted, That in case his Majesty shall be graciously pleased to order that a sum not exceeding five thousand pounds net, be paid to the said William Ball, for his labour and trouble aforesaid, the same shall be issued by the of for executing the office of lord high treasurer of Ireland, out of the consolidated 'fund, and paid to the said William Ball.

Resolution to

XXV. And whereas by a resolution of the house of corn-grant 50L a year mons of the eleventh day of June, one thousand eight hun-toR. Irish Ac a- dred, it is resolved. That an annual sum not exceeding the aemy' sum of fifty pounds per annum, be granted, to enable his Majesty to grant an annuity to the like amount, to be payable to the president and members of the Royal Irish Academy, towards defraying the expences of their establishment;

therefore be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty to give and grant to the president and members of the Royal Irish Academy, an annuity of fifty pounds, towards defraying the expences of their establishment, the same to be charged upon, and payable out of the fund called the consolidated fund, and the same shall from time to time be paid quarterly, and the of for executing the office of lord high treasurer, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to issue and pay, or cause to be issued and paid the said annuity accordingly, any thing in an act made in the thirty-third year of Ins Majesty's reign, entitled, An Act for the support of the honour and dignity of his Majesty's crown in Ireland, and for granting to his Majesty a civil list establishment, under certain provisions ana regulations^ to the contrary thereof not <, withstanding.

1 XXVI. Provided

The Fortieth Year of George III. SIX"

XXVI. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That Nothing herein

mo grant which shall be made by his Majesty, under the rett5*j"Wi

authority of this act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to restrain his Majesty from making any other grant or pen- grants/ sion which he may now lawfully do under the provisions of the said act.

XXVII. Whereas by an act passed in the thirty-eighth Recital S8 0.s, year of his Majesty's reign, entitled. An Act to enable his Majesty to receive voluntary contributions of his subjects for buttons.

the defence of this kingdom, reciting that several persons had voluntary offered to pay certain sums of money in aid of the supplies granted in the said year for the defence of this kingdom, and that it was expedient that the officers of his Ma-

S's treasury Should be authorized to receive sums which t be so paid, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, it was enacted,

That it Should be lawful for the teller of the exchequer, or his deputy, to open books, in which an account Should be kept of ml sums that Should be voluntarily paid into the treasury, which sums he was thereby authorized to receive, and that it Should be lawftd for the of of his Majesty's treasury to issue such sums in manner in the said act mentioned; and it was by the said act further enacted, that all persons who Should before the first day of July, then next, subscribe a sum not less than ome hundred pounds, and Should produce a receipt for the same, Should be discharged from the duties payable on fire-hearths, carriages, or male:

servants. And whereas by one other act passed in the Rtcitiisf. thirty-ninth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled. An Act to

enable the of of the treasury in Ireland to receive from the of of the treasury in England a sum not exceeding the sum therein mentioned, as a loan in part of the supply granted to his Majesty for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and for securing the interests and charges thereon, and for raising by loan a fur-flier sum towards the said supply, and to exempt from certain duties such persons as shall have paid such voluntary contribution as therein mentioned, it is enacted, that every person who paid into his Majesty's treasury, prior to the twenty- -fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, such sum as he or she had agreed to pay within the year ended the said twenty-fifth day of March, as; a voluntary contribution, and Should have paid a further sum of one hundred pounds and upwards, aiidr every person not having theretofore agreed to pay any sum as a volutary contribution, who Should have paid on or before the twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, into the said treasury, as a voluntary contribution, a sum of one hundred pounds and upwards, Should be exempted from the

duties

-m

The Fortieth Year of George III.

duties on male servants, fire-liearths, and carriages until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred; but the said last mentioned act did not authorize the teller of his Majesty's exchequer to receive such sums, or empower the of of his Majesty's treasury to issue or apply the same. And whereas several sums of money have since the said twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, been entrusted Said last act did to the custody of officers of the treasury, by persons de-the receipt1 or s*r°us of continuing their voluntary contributions so soon as application of an act Should be passed for that purpose, similar to the said voluntarycontri-first recited act, and such sums have been stated by the said buttons; officers in the accounts of money received at the treasury, as

if the same were applicable to the public service; but such act not having passed, the said sums of money ought to be restored to the persons who have so paid in their money, and such re-payments Should be stated in the public accounts in discharge of the sums so stated to have been received from the said persons respectively; be it enacted, that the persons with whom any sum or sums of money, not being due or payable as a contribution under the authority of the said first mentioned act, have since the said twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and voluntary con- ninety-nine, been lodged by any person or persons desirous sin^March^ or intending to Pay or continue his or her voluntary contri-1799, shall be'bution or contributions for the defence of this kingdom, do immediately after the passing of this act pay or hand over to the person or persons who so lodged or paid the same the sum or sums of money by him, her, or them respectively lodged, and that the officer or officers of his Majesty's treasury do on the re-payinent of such sum or sums, take credit for the same in his or their accounts, in discharge of the sum and sums by him or them credited in the accounts of money received at the treasury as received by him or them for such voluntary contribution or contributions, and that such sum and sums be allowed such officer or officers in his or their account or accounts; provided always, that it shall Amount ol du- )>e lawful for the persons so repaying such sums as aforesaid,

shallbededucted to deduct out 9f ^y sum so to be repaid, so much money cut of such re- as may amount to any allowance which may have been payments* made to any person hereby entitled to such re-payment for or in discharge of any duties payable by such person on fire-hearths, carriages, or male servants, in consideration of such person having made such payment for the purpose of voluntary cpntribution.

paid to persons who lodged them.

CHAP.

Gc 2

The Fortieth Year of George JJL

CHAP- ]LXI.

An Act to amend and explain an Act9 passed in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, entitledf An Act to grant certain Duties therein mentioned to his Majesty, to be applied to the Purpose vf making wide and convenient Ways, Streets and Passages in the City of Pub-tin, and for enabling the Commissioners therein mentioned more effectually to execute the trusts reposed in them

Whereas by an act, entitled, An Act to grant certain Du-ties therein mentioned to his Majesty, to be applied to the purpose of making wide and convenient ways, streets and pas- Rfceital of th* sages in the city of Dublin, and for enabling the commis-^Q^re€t act sioners therein mentioned more effectually to execute the trusts 'reposed in them, it is recited, That it was publicly known on , 5the first day of May, in the year one thousand seven hun-^hred and ninety, that a bridge across the river Litfey, since built, and called Carlisle Bridge, was then intended to be erected, and that a new street or streets would be opened " from thence to College-green and Townsend-street, and that the said of for such purpose would be obliged to purchase, and would accordingly purchase the several subsisting interests in such parts of said premises as Should be necessary to carry said intentions into effect; and it is therein'further recited, that whereas all purchases made of any part of said premises, or of any interest therein, since the first day of May aforesaid had been made, and also all monies expended on any part of said premises, had been expended by all persons making said purchases, or expending said monies, with full notice of the several matters aforesaid, and by the said act it is enacted and provided, that in all valuations there- -after to be made, any jury or juries impannelled and returned pursuant to the provisions in certain former acts of parliament passed in the thirty-first and thirty-third years of the reign of his late Majesty King George the second, or any other acts of any derivative lease or interest of any part or parcel of said lands, houses or tenements purchased or obtained since the said first day of May, in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety, the jury or juries so to be impannelled, shall in the first place enquire into, and ascertain the amount of such sum or sums of money, bona fde, givin end paid for the purchase of such lease or interest; and also the amount of such sum or sums of money, (if any) as had been bona fde laid out and expended in valuable and lifting improvements on the ground contained therein; and

217

i

1

The Fortieth Year of George III.

Doubts and difficulties have occurred in carrying said act into execution.

that such jury or juries Should not in any such case present as the value of any such derivative lease or interest, a great* er sum than the amount of such purchase money, and of the money, (if any) expended in manner aforesaid, together with the difference of legal interest thereon, and the rents and profits which they were entitled to receive, or which they might reasonably have made thereof, from the several times such monies were paid or expended respectively, and it is in the said act further provided nevertheless, that the interests of the several tenants holding any of the aforesaid grounds, houses or tenements, by virtue of leases under the bishop of Raphoe, and containing toties quoties covenants of renewal, Should be submitted within twelve months from and after the passing of the said act, to the valuation of a jury who Should and might value the same, as if the said act had no* been made, nor any purchase nor agreement entered into by and between the said of of wide streets and the college or the said bishop of Raphoe; and that the said commissioners Should purchase the said several interests at the rates to be ascertained by such jury, or as Should otherwise be agreed upon: And whereas doubts have arisen on the construction of said clause, and provisoes and difficulties have occurred in carrying the said act into execution, for the removing such doubts and difficulties, be it enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present Regulation as to parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that future valuations all valuations hereafter to be made by any jury or juries in of juries: pursuance of the said recited act, or any other act, shall be subject to the operation and restrictions in the said recited clause, and as if the said recited provisoes had not passed or been made; provided always that in every valuation of any interest in the ground, held either immediately or derivatively under the said bishop of Raphoe, as mentioned in the said act, the jury shall not be restrained by the interest of the said bishop being vested in the said of from taking into consideration such eventual value as such jury or juries may think fit, from the possibility or probability of a renewal had the said interest not been transferred by the said bishop to the said of, and that if any three of the said of shall ini any case of valuation of the interest of any tenant holding any of the aforesaid grounds or houses with toties quoties clauses Under the said bishop of RqphQe* think it reasonable that the jury Should consider any forther, or other matters for valuation than what are to be submitted to them under the said restrictions in the said recited act, and in this act, it shall be lawful for them to allow the same to be submitted to the jury, and to direct the juiy to take the same into their consideration, and to find a verdict accordingly.

II. And.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

21?

II. And whereas the period of twelve months, specified in, said recited provisoe, is too Short a time for carrying into

effect the intentions thereof: be it also enacted by the au- Thetenhof is thority aforesaid, that the term of twelve months by said months limited provisoe limited, be extended to the space of* three years, ^r^ebrov* from and after the passing of this act, and that the said extended to 3 grounds, houses or tenements, may be submitted to a jury or years after pa#* juries within the space of three years from and after the pass- act*

ing of this act, under and subject to the restrictions, as in the.provisoe in this act made.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of, or any one of them, to sit and act in all matters to be tried by a jury before them, with as full powers and authorities, as by the said act the said of, or any two of them, might have sat and acted.

IV. And whereas by said act it is enacted, after reciting One commis-that part of the ground therein mentioned belonging to the and cTm an provost, fellows, and scholars of Trinity college, may be matters to be thereafter required for certain public purposes, that when the tried by a jury, of therein mentioned, Should have purchased certain grounds and tenements therein recited, and that the same shall become vested in them, they Should not alienate, dispose of, set or sell such part of the said ground as lies between Poolbeg-street and Townsend-street, and are bounded on the west by Hawkins's-street, for the full term of seven years, from the passing of the said act, save and except for,_" such public purposes; be it further enacted, that the said of shall proceed with all convenient speed to value the interest of all the several persons derivipg immediately or otherwise, under the said bishop of Raphoe, in the afore described part of the said grounds, and shall in such valuation proceed in like manner, ' and shall have and exer-cise, and are hereby vested in respect to the same, and to m °y pr(Ki^S the purchase thereof, with all and every the powers vested in value interest of them by law for opening any new street, or widening any old persons deriving street in the said city or Dublin. SSStatf

V.' And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be described, lawful for the said of to set unto the Dublin society, and they are hereby'authorized to set unto the said society, all the part of the said ground so described, when the same shall be vested in them, or such part thereof as the said society shall desire" to take at such relit in perpe-tuty, as shall be agreed upon between them and the said

society; and that it shall be lawful for the said commis- ciety; and may sioners to set, sell, alienate or dispose of such part of the alienate suc£ said ground as the said society shall under their seal certify to them, that they do not desire to take by lease, any thing desire, in the said recited act to the contrary notwithstanding.


Goc ' 2

The Fortieth Year of George III.

VI. And whereas 3 part of the ground which lies en the north side of Foster-place, in the city of Dublin, is bow vested in the said commissioned, and remains unset or unr sold by them, having been retained by them for public puf-Commisateners poses; be it further enacted, that the said of may depose of ghall, and they are hereby authorized to sell or dispose of ad Sdeof Foster*111 fufih ground so situate, and apply the purchase money arw-piace, and pay ing therefrom, to the use of the said society, by paying the D*b£nney 10 same to the said society, to be by them expended towards

u society erec^ing the buildings proposed by their petition to the house of commons this session of parliament.

A public act.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that this present act shall be deemed, fudged, and taken to be a public act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and all other persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same, is. per ton laid VIII. Whereas by an act passed in the twenty-third and on by 23 and twenty-fourth years of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, v 24 G- 3. on coals. an Act for continuing and amending an Act, passed in the twenty-second year of kis present Majesty's Reign, entitled. An Act for the improvement of the city of Dublin, by making wide ana convenient passages through the same, and for regur lating the coal trade thereof and for other purposes, it was enacted, That there Should be raised, levied, and paid unto*his Majesty, his heirs and successors, a net additional duty of one shilling per ton, for and upon every ton of coals, not being the produce of this kingdom, which Should be imported or brought into the harbour of Dublin, in manner, and for the purposes therein mentioned 1 And whereas by one other act passed in the thirtieth year of his said Ma-By so G. s. jesty's reign, entitled, An Act for further amending an act, of entitled, an act for continuing and amending an act passed were empow- in the twenty-second year of his present Majesty's reign, en-loooo^cm t&fed* on act for the improvement of the city of Dublin, by

debentures. making wide and convenient passages through the same, arid

for regulating the coal trade thereof, and for other purposes, it was enacted, That the of therein named, or any nine or more of them, Should be, and they were thereby empowered to raise upon loan by debenture, in addition to former sums of money as therein mentioned by the said commissioners borrowed, such sum, or sums of money as they Should deem proper, not exceeding the sum of one hundred thousand pounds, at such interest, not exceeding the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, as the said of Should agree upon, and the said duty in the said first recited

act mentioned, was by the said last mentioned act, made subject to the payment of such interest, until the principal money of the above mentioned sum of one hundred thousand pounds Should be discharged; And whereas the aaid pdtaw r- - mi$sioner$

The Fortieth Year ©/' George III.

221

missioners did in pursuance of the powers in them vested by Debenture* for the said last mentioned act, issue debentures to the amount by^com-of seventy-seven thousand four hundred pounds, payable missioned, at with an interest at the rate of four pounds per centum per per cent: cnnum, and the sum of twenty-two thousand six hundred 22, 6001. remain* pounds, in debentures, being the remainder of said, sum of in hand* of corn-one hundred thousand pounds, remain still in the hands of

the said of, to be applied in manner, and to the proposes as by one other act passed in the thirty-ninth year of his said Majesty's reign, entitled, An Act to grant certain duties therein mentioned to his Majesty, to he applied to the purpose of making toide and convenient ways, streets and passages in the city of Dublin, and for enabling the of therein mentioned, more effectually to execute the trusts reposed in themi is particularly directed: And whereas.it would forward the purposes of the several before mentioned acts, if the said of were empowered to issue debentures for the said last mentioned remaining sum of twenty-two thousand six hundred pounds, payable at a rate of interest not exceeding six pounds per centum per annumy and to cancel the debentures so now remaining in their hands; be it therefore enacted, That the said of, or any nine or more of them, be, and they are hereby em- commissioner*

Eowered from time to time, to raise and borrow upon loan raay raise y debentures, such sum or sums of money as they shall 22, 6001. on think proper, not exceeding the said sum of twenty-two thousand six hundred pounds, at such interest, not exceed-^ing six pounds per centum, as they shall agree upon.

IX. Provided, and be it enacted, That the said of shall well and truly pay, or cause to be paid to the Commissioned person or persons lending such sum or sums, his, her, or to pay intere^; g their executors, administrators or assigns, the interest agreed u^i^theretoT*upon as aforesaid, according to the tenor of such debentures,

and that the said additional duty of one shilling upon every ton of coals, as in the said act mentioned, shall be subject to the payment of such interest.

CHAP.

Jjl The Fortieth Year of George III.

CHAP. LXII.

An Act for amending and making perpetual the several lava for regulating the watch in the district of the metropolis, and for granting a fortker duty upon pawnbrokers.

Whereas an act of parliament passed in the thirty-ninth

year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An Act

Secession of to amen^ an act Passed in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of

Should* be'conti- his present Majesty, entitled. An act for more effectuauy

nuedand made preserving the peace within the city of Dublin, and the dis-

perpetual trict of the metropolis, and establishing a parochial watch in

said city; and also to amend one other act passed in the

So much of this thirty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, enti-act as relates to _.<7 «/ / t ©«/ jt ,/ _«/'.

watch establish- tied, An act to explain and amend an act passed in the thirty-

ment, repealed fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An MO*8 ° 3 C* act for more ffertutdly preserving the peace within the city of Dublin, and the district of the metropolis, and establishing a parochial watch in the said city, and for remedying the abuses committed by pawnbrokers within the district of the metropolis or three miles thereof, is now near expiring, and it is fit that the same be continued and made perpetual; be it enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, the said recited act, and all Said act shall be and every clause contained therein, save as herein otherwise as?erein other- provided and enacted, be, and the same are hereby made wise provided, perpetual.

II. And whereas the said recited act directs that the su-Penntendant magistrate shall appoint collectors to collect and levy the rates and assessments to be raised for the support or the watch, and that he Should from time to time be accountable for all such sums as the collectors appointed bf him Should collect, first deducting thereout nine pence in the pound for all such sums collected: and whereas suoh allowance hath been found inanequate for the trouble and labour of collecting and accounting for the same; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the superintendant magistrate for the time being, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand eight hundred, shall and may deduct twelve pence in the pound for all sums collected by the collectors appointed by him.

III. And whereas it has been found inconvenient that the collectors of the house tax assessed under former acts have'not had power to demand and sue for the same, after the rates

so

merits is inadequate

12d. in the pound shall be allowed after4 June, 1800

The Fortieth Year of George III.

nt

*0 imposed had been twelve months due, whereby many have eluded payment of the same, and great loss has been incurred to the funds of the watch establishment, be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the collec- Collectors may tors already appointed by the superintendant magistrate, or demand and re-to be hereafter appointed by him and his successors, to de- du^more^a? mand, sue for, and recover all rates already imposed by him, two year*, or to be hereafter imposed by him or them, pursuant to this or any former acts; provided that such rates shall not be due for more than the space of two years at the time of demanding the same.

IV. And be it enacted, That in all cases of complaint or Infomersunder informations before the superintendant magistrate, under and competent wit/ by virtue of an act of parliament passed in the thirty-seventh nesses.

year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for amending and reducing into one act the several laves relating to hackney and other carriages, the informer or prosecutor shall be admitted as a competent witness to prove offences committed against said act.

V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Attendance of divisional magistrates and their clerks, appointed, or who shall ^i^t^and" hereafter be appointed for the north and south divisions of the clerks, district of the metropolis, shall attend daily at their offices in such

manner and during such hours as the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom shall direct, by order under his or theirhandandseal, andoneof the clerks attending each of the said magistrate's offices, is hereby required to transmit on the twenty-fifth day of March, and twenty-ninth day of September, in every year, a copy of the proceedings had Copies of proin their respective offices for the preceding six months, to by the chief secretary to the lord lieutenant or other chief go- clerks to lordy vemor or governors of this kingdom, the regularity and lieutenant, truth of said entries, and the copy to be so returned to be verified by the oath of the clerk, sworn before the superintendant magistrate.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if said clerks shall Penalties on neglect to make said return for the space of one month after J^cthig*to* the said respective days, that each and every of them shall transmit suck be liable to the penalty of fifty pounds for the first neglect; returns, and any clerk who shall be a second time guilty of such neglect, shall and may be dismissed from said employment,

and is hereby rendered incapable of ever after serving in any office under said watch establishment.

VII. And whereas it is provided by an act of parliament 35 G. 3. jus^ passed in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Ma- notic/tVsup

S, entitled, An act for more effectually preserving the peace mag. as soon as h the city of Dublin, and the district of the metropolis, receive

and establishing a parochial watch in the said city, that every or commit^ or justice of the peace within said district shall, as soon as he let to bail, per-hall receive any complaint, or take any information of any £ns charged

burglary.

J

2 hit

The Fortieth Year of Greorgfi Ijtf.

burglary, house-breaking, or robbery, or grand Y&fc&fiy, Within the said district, or shall commit to prison, or let to bjiif 61* mainprize, any person or persons charged with any of said felonies, shall give immediate notice thereof in writing to the superintendant magistrate, together with a copy or copies of all and every such information or informations, examination or examinations, and confession or confessions, as may have ftftaid act been taken by him on the occasion thereof: And it is further

to^ve* notice enacted, That every justice of the peace within said districts

when person shall, as often as he thinks proper to admit any person or

£* persons charged with, or suspected of felony or treason, to

on were zdmit- g*ve evidence for the crown, give notice thereof to the super-ted to givj evi- intendant magistrate, and that after such notice such person fence,c. shall pot be admitted to give evidence without the consent of the superin ten dant magistrate, signified under his hand and seal, and by said act a penalty of twenty pounds is imposed upon all and every justice or justices offending in either of said particulars; be it enacted, That from the passing of this act the justices within said district shall not be liable to any penalty thereby enacted for not giving the notice or notices, or for not returning the examination or examinations, information or informations, confession or confessions thereby re-nof be liable to»provided such justice shall give such notices as are

penalties^610 thereby required, and return such examination or examina-Buch cases, if tiens, information or informations, confession or confessions, to!or^Ii^ut°ore toorc^eutenant or other chief governor or governors rec.°nor shall°r of this kingdom for the time being, or his or their chief se-auch persons be cretary, nor shall any person or persons so suspected of felony

P1ST evidence or treason be prevented from giving evidence for want of giving evi e ce, guck consent, under the hand and seal of the superintendant

magistrate, provided the consent of the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, or of his or their chief secretary, shall be previously obtained for that purpose.

Actions format-

VIII. And be it enacted, That if any action or suit shall tew done under be commenced, or any replevin shall be brought against any anF otherthiS Person for taking any distress, making of any sale, or doing watch or can* any other thing by authority of this act, or of any other act riige act, of parliament relating to the said watch establishment, or by authority of any of the acts relating to hackney and other carriages, plying within the district of the metropolis, the defendant or defendants, avowant or avowants, or others making conuzance in such action, suit, or replevin, may either plead the general issue, or otherwise make avowry* conuzance, or justification generally, that the said distress, sale, trespass, or other thing, whereof the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall complain, was taken, made, or done by authority of this act, or such other act of parliament, as aforesaid, and shall and may give this, or such other act of parliament and the special matter in evidence at any trial thereupon, and that the 3 said

v

The Fortieth Year of George III.

22J

said distress, or other matter or thing for which such actioxi*, suit, or replevin shall be so brought, was taken, or done in pursuance and authority of this act, or such other act of parliament aforesaid; and in case that the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such action, suit, or replevin, shall discontinue his, her, or their said suit or replevin, or be non suited, or the defendant or defendants, avowant or avowants, or person or persons so making conuzance, or justifying, shall obtain judgment against the plaintiff or plaintiff}, on verdict, demurrer, or by default, that such defendant, avowant, or person making conuzance, or justifying, shall recover treble costs of suit, and shall have such remedy for recovery of the same as any defendant may have by law for cost in any other cause, and if the plaintiff shall have proceeded by way of replevin, shall also have judgment for recovery of the distress taken.

IX. And whereas James Hen thorn, a member of the royal college of surgeons in Ireland, who was formerly appointed surgeon to the police of the city, has, since the creation of the watch establishment, attended qnd supplied with medicine the peace officers and watchmen, without having received any compensation: And whereas it is necessary to the health and efficiency of the watch establishment to have a surgeon to attend the persons composing the same; be it enacted,

That it shall and may be lawful to and for the superintendant Allowance tob* magistrate to make such allowance and compensation to the to 8urgeoa said James Henthorn, or to any other person to be hereafter appointed by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or poLated by lord governors, for the time being, from tinje to time, as he shall t(J*£ten<* deem expedient, provided that such allowance and compensa- bluhment.*" tton shall be previously approved of by the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors for the time being, or his or their chief secretary.

X. And be it enacted, That this act be deemed and con- A publics*, sidered as a public act, and shall be judicially taken notice of

as such without the same being specially pleaded. m

XI. And whereas by the superintenaance and direction of the watch establishment being attached to the superintendant magistrate's office, much trouble and labour hath de» volved on the secretary appointed for that office, and no provision hath been made to recompence him for such encrease of doty; be it therefore enacted by she authority aforesaid, That from and immediately after the passing of this act, it Sup. Mag. may shall and may be lawful for the superintendant magistrate for t the time being, with the consent and approbation of the sectary, with lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this conient of lord kingdom, to appoint and grant such increase of salary and allowances to the secretary appointed to the superintendant magistrate's office, for the time being, as he shall think pro* per; provided such encrease of salary shall not exceed in any year N the sum of eighty pounds by the ye&> payable out

of

Vol. XII. P

The Fortieth Yeer of George III.

of the fund applicable to the support of said watch establish* ment. \

XII. Whereas it is expedient that the of appointed by virtue of an act passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An act for improving Merrion-square in the cky of Dublin, Should be obliged to account before the of of imprest, accounts in like manner as all other public accountants, be it enacted by

CommiMioners: the authority aforesaid, That the said of ap-si^laforSa- Pointed by virtue of the said act of the thirty-first year of the orovement of reign of his present Majesty, shall on or before the $wenty-Merrion-aqu^re fifth day of December next, state the balance of their dent fore conrnSJ-h*" cre^t> and of the total funds of the said of, sioners of im- and a full and true account of the receipt and expenditure of prest accounts, the said of from the first day of January which was in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, to the passing of this act, and deliver the same to the of of imprest accounts, signed by the treasurer or chief officer, and confirmed as just and true statements by the signatures of two or more of the said of for enclosing and improving Merrion-square, aforesaid; and the said of of imprest accounts shall once in every year after examine and state the accounts of the receipt and expendure, and of the'debt and credit of the said of for enclosing and improving Merrion-square aforesaid, in like manner as is directed respecting the Dublin society, by an act passed in the' twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for the due accounting for all money granted for public works, charities, and hospitals therein mentioned, and for the ordering a regular account in future of all monies en-trusted to the corporation for carrying on the inland navigation, the trustees of the linen manufacture, the Dublin society, the corporation for paving the streets of Dublin, and for s other purposes therein mentioned.

XIII. And whereas the inhabitants of such part of Har-court-street as is situate in the liberty of JSaint Sepulchre, ure much inconvenienced from the insufficient manner in which the same is lighted, and from the total want of public lamps during the greatest part of the year, be it enacted.

Powers of cor- That from and after the passing of this act, the directors pav^n&c.Sex of for paving, cleansing, and lighting the tended from streets of Dublin, shall and may use and fexercise, and have Stephen'*-green the like authorities and powers in regard to lighting so much thelate1John of Street ( from Stephens-green to the far or south end

Hatch's house, of the late John Hatch's house, now in the possession of - Hareourt-street, Francis Synge, esquire) as is situate in the liberty of Saint "*° "fibrin* Sepulchres, as they now have in any other part of said city, county of said city, or county of Dublin, and that the houses and other buildings, dead wall, and void spaces in such part

of

The Fortieth Year of George III. 227

of Hareourt-street, as aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby made liable to be rated and assessed towards defraying the expence of repairing, maintaining, and lighting the public lamps in like manner as the other houses, shops, ware-houses* and tenements, dead wall, and void spaces under the jurisdiction of said corporation, are now rated and assessed, with like remedy for recovering the said rate or tax as said corporation now possess.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the property of the Property of public globes or lamps, posts, irons, or other furniture

which now are erected in such part of Hareourt-street poration. aforesaid, shall be vested in the said directors and of, who may remove and dispose of them at their discretion, and may erect globes and lamps therein, in such manner, and at such distances as they shall think proper, / and they are hereby empowered to punish all persons who shall be convicted of breaking or injuring any of the lights, posts, or irons, or other furniture belonging thereto, in any part of said street, as fully as they are now empowered to punish the like offences committed within any part of their jurisdiction.

XV. And be it enacted, That all and every clause contained clau«e in paving in an act passed in this kingdom in the twenty-sixth year of act 26 G. s, for the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for the im- appeal5 tojusticea provement of the city of Dublin, and the environs thereof by hereb^rep^ed; the better paving, lighting, and cleansing the same, which gives future appeals an appeal to the justices at the quarter sessions, be repealed, 8llaU*to coum and that it shall be lawful for any person who shall be ag-°

grieved by the adjudication of the directors and of appointed by said act, to appeal to any of his Majesty's courts of law in this kingdom within three months after such adjudication, which appeal the judges thereof are required to receive, and stop all proceedings on such adjudication, the party appealing first giving twenty-one days notice in writing to the secretary of said directors and of, of his or her intention so to do, and within two days after such notice entering into a recognizance before one of said judges, in double the sum adjudged, with two sufficient securities, conditioned to try such appeal in the Xhen ensuing term, to abide the determination of the court, and to pay such sum as shall be ordered and adjudged on the hearing of said appeal, with full costs.

XVr. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful superintendant for the superintendant magistrate, for the time being, with magistrate may such consent and approbation as aforesaid, to appoint and increase first grant such encrease of salary and allowances to the first ^contenlof clerk appointed to the said superintendant magistrate for the lord lieutenant, time being, as he shall think proper, provided such increase of*salary do not exceed in any year the sum of forty pounds by


MS

The Fortieth Year of George III.

ttye year, the same to be payable out of the fund applicable to the support of said watch establishment, as a: compensation to such first clerk for the additional trouble and labour which hath devolved on such first clerk, by the superintendance and direction of the watch establishment being attached to the auperintendant magistrate's office.

Additional

XVII. And in order to render more perfect the protection

bTh^S^ndaJ-°?e a>*ded to the inhabitants of the district of the metro-ditional const*- polis, be it enacted, That it shall and may. be lawful for the Met appointed, high constable of the district of the metropolis, with the approbation of the superintendent magistrate, from time to time, to hire and retain such additional number of watchmen, not exceeding one hundred and fifty, as the superintendent magistrate shall think fit, and that it shall and may be lawful for the superintendent magistrate in like manner, with the consent and approbation of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom, ior the time being, to appoint such additional number of watch constables as he shall think proper, not exceeding ten; such additional watch constables and watchmen so to be appointed, shall perform such duty, and be subject to all and every law or bye law that the watchmen of the district are now subject to, and also to all and every such further laws, rules, and regulations, as shall hereafter be deemed necessary for the government and regulation of the watch constables and watchmen within the district of the metropolis, and that such additional watch constables and watchmen shall and may be reduced on the last day of any calendar month, in the year the superintendant magistrate shall think proper, from time to time.

XVIII. And be it also enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the superintendant magistrate now appoint-

Additional al- ed, or who shall hereafter be appointed, to make such addi-Mo»taW^I>etty t'ona^ yearly allowance to the petty constables as he shall think proper, provided the same shall not exceed in any year the sum of ten pounds to any suchpetty constable.

XIX. And in order to provide a sufficient fund for the pay, cloathing, and necessaries for such additional watch constables and watchmen, and also the said addi*

90L a yew additional yearly allowance to the petty constables, be it enacted, bCJ^- That from and immediately after the passing of this act, un-brok^ore^ery til the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred person Interest- and one, inclusive, there shall be answered and paid unto fietenrlSuse your Majesty> your heirs and successors, by* each and every whwesuchUbu- Per n or persons who shall jointly or separately carry on the sinew is carried business or a pawnbroker, or who shall ha<e any benefit, in-

SS^rfDublln apartner or anonymous partner

therein, withm the district of the metropolis, or five miles thereof^ for each and every house or other place in which such

business

Additional watchmen may be reduced*

TU Fiftieth Ymr ^ George ffl

i shall be carried on, a doty

error and above all other duties heretofore psjrable by anj former act or acts, which said dotj hereby granted shall be collected by the superintendent magistrsfr of the dirtrict of the metropolis, from time to time, in such i inch provisions and regulations as cited acts, hereby made perpetual*

XX. And be it enacted, That from and the pasting of this act, before any person or [

r on the trade or business of a pawn broker.

or be concernea therein, as herein before mentioned, whether such person shall have already obtained A license or not, within the district aforesaid, he or she shall deliver, or cause to be delivered to the superintendent magistrate aforesaid, a note in writing under his or her hand, or under the hand of linger to to some person by him or her authorised in that behalf of his ynfbyfwm-or her place of abode, and of the place or places where he i2Ls

or she intends to carry on or exercise, or be concerned ini ' the trade or business of a pawn-broker, and thereupon an 1 additional license or licenses shall be granted by the said su- 1 perintendant magistrate unto him or her so carrying on, or exercising, or being concerned in, as aforesaid, the trade or business of a pawn-broker, for which he or she shall there-

ipey, or cause to be paid for such license or licenses, the duty herein before directed to be payable for the ame, which license shall be in force until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand eight hundred and one, and no longer*

XXI. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons^ r^u7€Tl shall, after die passing of this act, exercise or carry on, or be csrryawootto concerned in, as herein before mentioned, the trade or busi- tiwinros af a ness of a pawn-broker, without such additional license as 555oi5i3S^ aforesaid, each and every such person and persons shall for- tkaul Bcsac*. feit the sum of two hundred pounds sterling, for each and every act so done or performed by him, her, or them, one moiety thereof to be applied in aid of the funds for the support and maintenance of the watch establishment, and the other moiety thereof to such person or persons who shall prosecute or sue for the same, to be recovered by information and conviction before any magistrate acting within his jurisdiction, and that on the hearing of every such information, the informer or prosecutor shaft he a competent witness to prove the offence.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons who shall have already taken out license to act as a pawn-broker, under the provisions of the laws heretofore in* force, shaft be unwilling to pay and advance the duty hereby SaTiwtirtT enacted to be paid by him, her, or them, that then, and in toikfeasl daty. such case, the su perintendant magistrate, aforesaid, shall return, or cause to be returned, a proportion of said former

rwrdatr

mmcat

of

to

230

Persons aggrieved may appeal to next sessions.

[Preamble.]

persons herein named, and all persons hereafter to be appointed govern* Ora or governesses of the female orphan house, shall b< a body politic and corporate,

The Fortieth Year of George III.

duty, agreeable to #te time from whence he, she, or they shall have taken out the same.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That in case any person or persons who may hereafter be convicted as aforesaid of any offence under this act, shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved thereby, it shall and may be lawful for such person or persons to appeal to the next sessions of the peace to beholden for the city of Dublin, giving to the justice or justices before whom such conviction shall be had, six days notice at least of his, her, or their intention to prefer such appeal, and entering into a recognizance with sufficient sureties to abide such order as the court shall make, and on every such appeal the justices at such sessions, upon proof being made by the party so appealing, of his having given notice as aforesaid, and entered into recognizance, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized to proceed to the hearing and final determination of the matter of the said appeal, and to make such order therein, and award such costs to be paid by and to either party, as they in their discretion shall think fit.

CHAP. LXV.

An Act for incorporating the Governors and Governesses of the Female Orphan House on the Circular Road near Dublin.

Whereas a number of persons did, in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety, form themselves into a voluntary society, for the governing and managing the female orphan-house, formerly in Prussia-street, now on the circular road, near Dublin, and it is of importance to the well being and stability of the said institution, that the efforts of the said persons to carry their laudable intentions into execution, Should be rendered as effectual as possible, and for that purpose that they Should be incorporated by act of parliament, with such clauses, powers, jurisdictions, and authorities, as are usual in such cases; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that the reverend dean Kirwan, honourable Mrs. Annesley, Mrs. Theodosia Blachford, John Blachford, esquire, Robert Bligh, esquire, lady Theodosia Bligh, doctor Arthur Browne, countess dowager Bective, Mrs. Brownlow, countess of Bel-more, lady Colthurst, countess of Clare, lord Castjereagh, archbishop of Dublin, dowager countess Damley, earl of Damley, lady Harriet Daly, countess of Damley, Charles Este, esquire, bishop of Elphin, miss Frances Margaret Este,

v bishop

231

The Fortieth Year of George III.

bishop of Ferns, earl of Famham, countess of Farnham,

Edward Forbes, esquire, lady A. Fitzgerald, archdeacon Fowler, Mrs. Ford, doctor W. Gray, Mrs. Melecina St.

George, lord Hobart, Sir Francis Hutchinson, Mrs. Howard, honourable Mrs. Howard, Mrs. Arabella Hamilton, Mrs. dean Kirwan, Gustavus Hume, esquire, lady Hutchinson, reverend archdeacon Hutchinson, Mrs. Anne Hutchinson,

Mrs. Hastings, Hugh Henry, esquire, Alexander Jaffray, esquire, Henry Irwin, esquire, dowager countess Kingston,

Mrs. Kerr, Lady Isabella King, honourable Mrs. King, Peter Latouche, esquire, John Latouche, esquire, Mrs. Elizabeth Latouche, right honourable David Latouche, William Digges Latouche, esquire, Mrs. W. Digges Latouche, 'countess of Leitrim, lord Monck, Mr. Malins, marquis Wellesley, countess Mountnorris, Sir R. G. Meredyth, lady G. Meredyth, lady Lucy Maxwell, Mrs. Newcome, William Meade Ogle,

Mrs. Sarah Phelps, viscountess Powerscourt, Mrs. Preston,

Mrs. Anne Reilly, Mrs. Rawson, bishop of Raphoe, archdeacon Robinson, lady Rossmore, lady Southwell, Mrs.

Shaw, Edward Tighe, esquire, Frederick Trench, esquire, lady1 Tydd, countess of Roden, Mrs. H. Tighe, Henry Tighe, esquire, Mrs. W. Tighe, lady Tullamore, reverend doctor Truel, Richard Verschoyle, esquire, honourable Mrs. Ann Wynne, countess Wicklow, colonel Clement Wolseley, reverend R. Wynne, reverend H. Wynne, lady S. Wynne, honourable Robert Ward, Miss Louisa Woodward, Mrs.

Woodward, viscount Wicklow, Luke White, esquire, Mrs.

Ward, honourable Mrs. Pratt, Mrs. Gunn, Miss Tynte, countess of Conyngham, marchioness of Waterford, general Bettsworth, Mrs. Bettsworth, lady Mathew, earl of Leitrim,

John D'Courcy, and such other persons as shall from time to time for ever hereafter be elected and appointed governors or governesses of the said female orphan-house, be, and they are hereby constituted and appointed one body politic and corporate, in fact, deed, and name, by the name and title of the governors and governesses of the female orphan-house on the circular-road, near Dublin, and by the same name to have perpetual succession, and have a common seal, and be capable of suing, and being sued, and that it shall be lawful for the said corporation to purchase, have, hold, take, receive, and enjoy to them and their successors for ever, lands, tenements, hereditaments, and premises, of whatsoever nature or kind, not exceeding in the whole the clear yearly value of Con>° n five thousand pounds, and also all, and all manner of goods to

and chattels or what value soever, whether by gift, grant, de- amount of vise, or bequest, or otherwise, without licence, in mortmain, 5J)00*'a notwithstanding any law to the contrary. chattS^&cf*

II. And be it enacted, That the said corporation, and Officera'of cot*, their successors for ever, shall have one president, four vice- poratioa. presidents, one treasurer, one secretary, and one register, and that his excellency Charles, marquis Cornwallis, be the

first

4S*

The Fortieth "Year of George III.

first president of the said corporation, that the right reverend the lord bishop of Ferns, John Latouche, esquire, reverend dean Kirwafi, and Mrs. Elizabeth Latouche, wife of Peter Latouche, esq. be the first vice-presidents, right honourable David Latouche and company, the first treasurer, reverend Henry Campbell, the first secretary, and Mr. Richard Malins, the first register to the said corporation, and that each of them shall continue in their respective offices until others shall be chosen in their respective rooms, according to such bye-laws and regulations as shall hereafter be made by the said corporation touching the amotion, election, or continuance of their several officers.

III. And be it enacted, That there shall be in every year Meeting* of four general meetings of the said corporation, to wit, on the

corporation. first Monday in the months of February, April, June, and

November, and as many other general meetings as the said corporation, pr any five or more of them shall appoint, and that in case of the absence of the president, or vice-presidents for the time being, such of the members of the said corporation then present, as shall be appointed for the purpose, shall preside at the meeting, and it shall be lawful for the said corporation, or any three or more of them present at Corporation any such general meeting, to elect such persons to be members

may elect mem-of the said corporation as they shall think proper, upon such bera, subject to conditions nevertheless, and subject to such rules, restrictions py w*, c. regulations, as shall be imposed and enacted by the byelaws and rules to be hereafter made known and entered into by the said corporation, for regulating the admission of members of the said corporation, and such persons as shall from time to time for ever hereafter be elected in manner aforesaid members of the said corporation, so long as they respectively conform to the rules, regulations, and conditions imposed and directed by the bye-laws and rules of the said corporation, shall be, and be deemed to be members of the said corporation, as fully as if named in this act.

Officers may be

IV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said rem°^d pr bus- corporation at any general meeting, seven members at least members^nay filing present, to suspend, displace, or remove any officer or be expelled at a officers of the said corporation, and to expel or remove any mera^er °* the said corporation for any cause, which in the y w r judgment of the said meeting shall render him or her unworthy to continue a member of the said corporation, provided that two-thirds at least of the members present at such meeting shall agree to such suspension, removal, or expulsion, and it shall be lawful for the said corporation, or any such general meeting t.o appoint and choose a matron, and such other officers and servants as they shall deem requisite and necessary for the business of the said corporation, and to allot and appoint them such salaries, wages, and other recompence for then: service and labour, and rewards for additional or extra service as the said corporation shall seem meet.

of members present, not being less thfin seven.

Appointment of a matron, officers, and servants.

2S3

The Fortieth Year of George IIIa

V. And be it enacted, That the said corporation at any of their general meetings, seven members of the said corporation at the least being present, (but not at any other than a general meeting, or at any such meeting, when seven members shall not be present) shall have full power and authority Corporation to make and ordain all such bye-laws, rules and ordinances may make by*, for the good government of the said corporation, and for^J^*^. advancing the purposes of the institution, and with respect to ieS4 than seven the manner of choosing and removing officers and servants as being present, they shall judge' necessary and convenient; provided that such bve-laws be not repugnant to the laws of Ireland, and ^firaiwiata that the same be confirmed by some succeeding general succeeding meeting, at which seven at least of the members shall be meeting* present, and that the same method shall be observed in the altering or repealing any of such bye-laws and ordinances, after they shall be so made and confirmed.

VI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said

corporation, or any seven or more of them, whereof the president, or one of the vice-presidents to be one, at any of the said stated general meetings, to make or execute lease or leases of any lands or tenements belonging to the said corpo ration, for any term not exceeding three lives, if for lives, and if for years, not exceeding thirty-one years, to commence and take effect in possession, and not in reversion, or by way of future interest upon each and every which lease shall be reserved during the continuance thereof, the best yearly relit that can be got for the same, without fine, gratuity, or other reward or consideration, which relit shall be made payable half yearly, provided that the seal of the said Corporation shall not be affixed to any lease which has not been referred to a committee of the said corporation, and that such committee shall report that the lease under consideration is a proper one, and is by deed indented, and contains the usual powers of distress and re-entry for non-payment of relit, which leases under the seal of the said corporation, shall be admitted and read in evidence in all courts of law or equity, without any further proof.

VII. And be it enacted, That when the president, vice presidents, or any one or more of the members of the said corporation shall happen to die, then the surviving members of the said corporation shall continue and remain incorporate, by the name aforesaid, to all intents, constructions, and purposes, and that it shall be lawful for the said corporation, or any 6even or more of them assembled, to elect and appoint a new president, or vice-presidents, in the room and stead of the aforesaid, or any other president, or vice-presidents of the said corporation that shall die, resign* or be removed, according to the bye-law^ of the said corpo-r ration,

Corporation may make leases as herein directed.

When presidents, &c. die, survivors shall be a coiy o» ration, and may" elect others.

vm. Ana

Accounts to be kept.

A public act

[Preamble.]

Persons herein named shall be a body politic and corporate, by the name of The Association for discountenancing Vice, As."

The Fortieth Year of George III.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the said corporation shall cause accounts to be regularly kept of all receipts and disbursements for and on account of the said corporation, and of all proceedings, orders and transactions of the said corporation, and to be fairly transcribed or entered in books to be kept for that purpose, to all and every which books the said corporation, and every member thereof shall have access ana liberty to inspect and examine them, and every of them when they shall require the same.

IX. And be it enacted, That this act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a public act.

CHAP. LXVI.

An Act for incorporating the Association for discountenancing Vice9 and promoting the Knowledge and Practice of the Christian Religion.

Whereas a number of persons did in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two form themselves intp a voluntary society, under the title of the association for discountenancing vice, and promoting the knowledge and practice of the Christian religion: And whereas it is of the utmost importance to the stability and welfare of the state, and to well being of civil society in general, that the efforts of the said voluntary association, to carry their laudable intentions into execution, Should be rendered as effectual as possible, and for that purpose that they Should be incorporated by act of parliament, with such clauses, powers, jurisdictions and authorities, as are usual in like cases; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the sam£, That the lord lieutenant of Ireland, the lord primate, the lord archbishop of Dublin, the lord archbishop of Cashel, the lord archbishop of Tuam, the lord bishop of Meath, bishop of Kildare, bishop of Dro-more, bishop of Elphin, bishop of Ferns, bishop of Cloyne, bishop of Cork, bishop of Killaloe, bishop of Kilmore, bishpp of Clogher, bishop of Ossory, bishop of Killala, bishop of Clonfert, the earl of Altamont, lord Yelverton, lord Kilwarden, right honourable Isaac Corry, right honourable David Latouche, right honourable Thomas Pelham, right honourable John Foster, right honorable John Toler, lieutenant general Straton, Sir Francis Hutchinson, baronet, reverpnd doctors O'Connor, Alcock, Guinness, Graves,

fellows

Die: by The Fortieth Year of George III.

2SS

fellows of Trinity College, Dublin; reverend doctor John Kearney, provost of Trinity college, Dublin; reverend dean Graves, Ridiard Wynne, Richard Browne, George Graydon, John Latouche, esquire, Peter Latouche, esquire,

Alexander Knox, esquire, Richard Griffith, esquire, William Maturin, esquire, Mister William Watson, Mister William Watson, junior, and such other persons as before the first day of June, in the year of our Lord, "one thousand eight hundred, were elected, or shall from time to time be elected in the manner herein after directed, shall be, and they are hereby constituted and appointed to be one body politic and corporate in deed and in name, by the name of the association for discountenancing vice, and promoting the knowledge and practice of the Christian religion; and by the same name to have perpetual succession, and to purchase Corporation have, take, receive, and enjoy to them and their successors EjSLP5tc. to* for ever, lands, - tenements, and hereditaments, of whatso- yearly value of ever nature or kind, not exceeding in the whole the clear J0001- maT yearly value of one thousand pounds; and also all manner of of^o^s^&c^ goods and chattels of what value soever, whether by gift, to any value, and grant, demise, bequest or otherwise, and by the same name maY8"*^be to sue and be sued, plead, and be impleaded, answer, and8Ued*&c* be answered unto, in all courts and places whatsoever, within this kingdom of Ireland, in all suits, plaints, and demands whatsoever; and they and their successors may have a common seal, such as they shall think proper, for the use of the said corporation, which if shall be lawful for them and their successors to change, break, alter, or make new, from time to time, as they shall think fit.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the , __________-

*. j , 1 f 71.-1 1 Officers 01 cor —

said corporation, and their successors for ever, shall have ^oration

one president, four vice presidents, two secretaries, one treasurer, and one assistant secretary or register, and that his excellency Charles marquis Cornwallis, lord lieutenant general, and general governor of Ireland, shall be the first president, so long as he shall continue to exercise the said office of lord lieutenant, and that the lord primate, archbishop of Dublin, provost of Trinity college, Dublin, all for the time being, and the right honourable David Latouche, shall be the first vice presidents, and William Maturin, esquire, and the reverend Hosea Guinness, doctor of divinity, shall be the first secretaries, and that Mister William Watson,

junior, shall be the first treasurer, and Mister Charles Mills, shall be the first assistant secretary or register to said association, and that each of them shall continue in their respective offices, until others shall be chosen in their respective rooms, according to such bye-laws or regulations as shall hereafter be made by the said association, touching the amotion, election, or continuance of their several officers.

SM

The Fortieth "Year of George III.

Nine general meetings every year, and at many more-at abaU be appointed.

Corporation may elect member* subject to bye-laws and regulations*

Persona elected shall be members of said corporation.

Corporation may remove officers, and may eappl members.

Clerks and Inferior officers to be chosen at general meetings.

Bye-laws may be ir. dt at general meetings.

Bye-laws to be

confirmed at a succeeding ge-rpjraj meeting.

III. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That there shall be in every year, nine general meetings of the said association! to wit, on the first Thursday in the months of October, November, December, January, February, March, April, May, June, and as many other general meetings as the said association, or any five or more of them shall appoint; and that in case of the absence of the president or vice presidents for the time being, such of the members then present as shall be appointed for the purpose, shall be chairman of the meeting; and it shall and may be lawful for the said corporation, or any nine or more of them, at any such general meeting, to elect such persons to be members of the said association as they shall think proper, upon such conditions nevertheless, and subject to such rules, restrictions and regulations as shall be imposed and enacted by the bye-rules ai>d laws which shall hereafter be made and adopted by the said association.

IV. And be it enacted, That such persons as shall from time to time be elected in manner aforesaid, and also all such persons as have been already, that is to say, before the first day of June, one thousand eight hundred, elected, shall so long as they respectively conform to the conditions, rules, restrictions and regulations imposed by the bye-rules and laws of the Association, be deemed to be members of the aid corporation, as if they were particularly named in this Act.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to the said association, or to any fifteen or more, of them, at any general meeting to remove any officer or officers at their will apd pleasure, and also to expel or remove any member or members of said association, for any cause, which in the judgment of the said general meeting shall render him unwdrthv to continue a member thereof; provided that not fewer "than two-thirds of the members present shall agree to such expulsion or removal; and that it shall and may be lawful to said corporation or any nine of them, at any such general meeting, to choose clerks and other inferior officers and servants, as shall be thought useful to said corporation.

VI. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That the said corporation, at any of their stated general meetings, and at no other meetings, nine members at least being present* shall have full power to make bye-laws, rules and ordinances for the good government thereof, and for advancing the purposes of the mstitutiop, as and for the manner of the choice and removal of their members and officers as they shall judge meet and convenient; provided that such bye-laws be not repugnant to the laws of the kingdom of Ireland, and that the same be confirmed by some succeeding general meeting, at which nine at least of the members

shall

2S7

'The Fortieth Year of George III.

shall be present, and that the same method shall be observed in the altering or repealing any of such bye-laws and ordinances after they shall be So made and confirmed.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Corporation

That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said corporation, "jjy

or any seven of them, whereof the president, or one of the ea*e8, a* eroiu vice-presidents, to be one at any of said stated general meetings, to make or execute leases of any lands or tenements belonging to the said corporation, for any term not exceeding

three lives, if for lives, and if for years, not exceeding thirty-one years, to commence and take effect in possession and not in reversion, or by way of future interest, upon which shall be reserved during the continuance of said lease, the best yearly relit that can be got for the same, without fine, cratuity, or other reward, which relit shall be made payable half-yearly on the two usual feasts of the year on which rents are made payable; provided always that the seal of the said corporation shall not be affixed to any lease which has not Leases to be re-been referred to a committee, who shall report that the lease ferred to com-under consideration is a proper one, and is by deed indented, mittee* and that it contains the usual powers of distress and reentry for non-payment of relit, which lease so made under the seal of the corporation, shall be read i/i evidence in all courts of record, without any further proof.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Surviving mem-That in case the president, vice-presidents, or any one or ber8 °[ «>rpora-more of the members of said corporation Should happen to nue incorpe^* die, that then the remaining and surviving members of the fated.

said corporation, shall continue and remain -incorporated by the name aforesaid, to all intents, constructions and purposes and that it shall and may be lawful for the said corporation, or any of them, in case the president or vice-presidents for the time being shall die or resign, or be removed, according to the bye-laws hereafter to be made by the association, to elect a new president, or vice-president, in the room of such president or vice-president so dying, resigning, or removed.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Account* to be.That the said corporation shall cause fair accounts in writing ept*

to be kept of all receipts, payments, and other doings and transactiops of said corporation, and of their officers and agents respectively, to be viewed and inspected by 'any subscriber or subscribers, benefactor or benefactors, as often as shall be required.

X. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this A public act, set shall be deemed and taken to be a public act.

2 CHAP.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

CHAP. LXVIII.

An Act for better regulating the issuing and granting of Per-units and Certificates for the Conveyance and Protection of certain Exciseable Goods therein mentioned, and to prevent Frauds by Dealers in9 or Retailers of such Goods.

[Preamble.]

For the better regulating the issuing and granting of permits and certificates for the conveyance and protection of cei tain exciseable goods herein mentioned, and to prevent frauds by dealers in, or retailers of such goods; be it enacted by the agi. c »c* King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the Articles herein same, That all wines in casks, bottles, jars or other vessels, specified may any quantity of brandy, or other foreign spirits, or spirits are Carried from ma^e in Ireland, exceeding four gallons; all tobacco or snuff one place to above the weight of two pounds; coffee exceeding two another without pounds-weight; malt exceeding six stones weight; sugar ex-permits. ceeding in weight fifty-six pounds, foreign silks in whole

pieces, and East India goods, other than spiceries, and except tea, not exceeding in weight two pounds, that shall be carrying or conveying, or carried and conveyed from any part or place in Ireland, to any other part thereof, whether from any part of any city or town to another part thereof, or from one town or place to another town or place, may be seized by any officer or officers of his Majesty's revenue, and shall be forfeited, unless the carrier or person conveying the same, or the person in whose possession the same shall be, shall, on demand made by any officer of excise, produce a permit or let-pass, under the hand of a proper officer of the revenue, authorising the removal of such goods.

II. And be it enacted, That all permits or let-passes shall - shalT^written be written, stamped, or printed in plain legible characters, and or printed, and shall contain such particulars as shall, from time to time, be What 8h£i be directed by the of of the revenue, or any three

therein. or more of them, and also the several following particulars,

that is to.say, the date, the number, and the district whence issued, and the place to which the goods therein mentioned are intended to be carried, and shall particularly express the marks, weight, package and quantity of goods intended to be conveyed under such permit, as exactly as the case will admit of, and shall likewise contain the real names and surnames and place of abode of the person or persons sending such goods and commodities, and of the person or persons to whom intended to be sent; and in case any fictitious name or names,

The Fortieth Year of George III.

239

names, or the name of any person to whom the goods mentioned in any permit shall not be intended to be sent shall be inserted in any permit or permits, or in case the goods shall Goods sent to be delivered to any other person, or at any other place than any other person to the person and at the place mentioned in the permit, the or Pla£* t"an.goods mentioned therein shall be forfeited; and at the foot of gh^be'for every permit shall likewise be mentioned some reasonable li- feited. mited time for such permit to be of force for the conveyance of such goods, from one place to another, and after the expiration of such limited time, such permit or let-pass shall not be of force for protecting the conveyance of such goods, and the same shall be forfeited and seized by any officer of his Erasureg &c* Majesty's revenue; and every permit in which there shall be9

an erasure, interlineation, or alteration, shall be null and void, and the goods conveying or conveyed, for the protection of which any erased, interlined, or altered permit shall be produced, shall be forfeited and seized.

III. And be it enacted, That in all cases where any goods Ca8k8 and shall be forfeited, and may be seized, the casks, vessels, or age88 may be^ packages containing the same shall also be forfeited, and may seized be seized; and where any spirits or strong waters made in Ire- Cars horse* land found conveying from one place to another without a conveying Irish permit shall be seized, the cart, car, or other carriage, and without^ the horse and horses drawing or carrying the same, shall also selzed^ai^por-be forfeited, and may be seized, and the porter or carman con- ter or carman veying the same shall forfeit the sum of five pounds, and forfeit 51. in default of payment thereof, shall suffer three months imprisonment.

IV. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons shall persons who at any time counterfeit or forge any permit, let-pass, or coast counterfeit per-cocket, for the carriage of goods, or shall counterfeit any outs, &c. &c.or

° j. j J use them, shall

impression, stamp, or mark provided or appomted, or to be transported.

be provided or appointed by the of of his Majesty's excise or customs for the time being, or any three or more of them, to be put to or upon such permit, let-pass, or coast cocket, or shall make use of any such counterfeit or forged permit, let-pass, or coast cocket, with such counterfeit impression, stamp, or markg knowing the same to be counterfeited, such person or persons being thereof legally convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall be transported for the space of seven years.

V. And be it enacted, That on oath made by the carrier or Proof of lots of person in whose possession any goods for which a permit shall permit*, have been granted shall be found, of the loss of such permit, and by the person who shall have sent such goods under such permit, before any commissioner or sub-commissioner of exr cise, that such permit was taken out, and was not used, or intended to be used, to his knowledge or belief, fraudulently, to cover or protect any other goods, but was taken out for the

particular

The Fortieth Year o/" George III.

dent.

Penalty on officer for neglecting duty.

On proof of accidents permits

particular good* so seized, in such case, the entry from such permit in the books of the proper officer, or a copy thereof, duly attested, shall be evidence of such permit having been taken out, and such goods shall thereupon be restored to the Officers may en-owner or proprietor thereofprovided always, that if the jroods^ared*- carr*a£e°f Such goods shall be prevented from being fully fayed by acci- performed within the time limited in such permit, by any unavoidable accident, then on notice being immediately given by the owner or carrier of such goods to any officer of the revenue, and a rest or stay being made of such goods at or near the place where such accident shall happen, the officer of the revenue to whom such notice shall be given, shall, without delay, repair to the place where such goods shall then be, and if such officer shall find upon view or enquiry, that such goods were stopped or delayed in their carriage by accident, then such officer shall thereupon, by endorsement on such permit, enlarge the time for the carriage of such goods to the place of their first destination; and if any officer of the revenue shall wilfully or negligently omit or refuse to do his duty therein, according to the directions aforesaid, such officer shall, on proof being made thereof to the satisfaction of the chief of of his Majesty's revenue in Ireland, or any three or more of them, forfeit the sum of ten pounds.

VI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in all cases where the carriage of any goods or commodities shall by so^dmVlost°rCC means accident be prevented from being performed

|or me os. within the time limited by the permit, and that fully proved to the satisfaction of the chief of or sub-commissioners of excise, in their respective districts, the permit shall continue and be in force for the carriage of the goods and commodities to the place of their destination, for such time only, and no longer, as was lost or delayed by such accident. Fees to be taken

VII. And be it enacted, That no officer of his Majesty's

by officers for revenue shall demand or receive any fee or reward for any permits. permit, other than the several fees ana rates herein mentioned,

that is to say, for any permit for any goods under the value of five pounds one penny, and for every permit for any goods of the value of five pounds and upwards three pence.

Certificates to

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and be given by ° may be lawful for importing merchants, in ports where tobacco merchants who may by law be imported, to give certificates for all such «hanbeW uaUo S00^8 88 they shall sell, other than and except coffee, tobacco, permits, except and spirits, to persons residing within the same port or place for coffee, to- where they shall have imported the same, of the several par-bacco apdspirits ce]s or quantities of goods which they shall have sold, which Certificates shall have the same force and effect to protect such goods within such port or place as permits have in respect to goods conveying or conveyed from one place to another.

The Fortieth Year of George til.

tX. And be it enacted, That if any person shall give a cer- tool. penalty for tificate of having sold any goods to any person or persons, a person and the goods in such certificate mentioned to have been sold, to whom goodg shall not have been actually sold and delivered to the person were not sol<L or persons named in such certificate, to be the person or persons to whom the goods were sold, in every such case, the person or persons giving such certificate, shall forfeit one hundred pounds for every such offence, and on the trial of any information for the aforesaid penalty, the defendant or defendants therein shall be convicted, unless he, she, or they, prove that the goods mentioned in such certificate were actually sold and delivered to the person or persons in such certificate named, to be the person or persons to whom the goods were sold.

X. And be it enacted, That all goods mentioned in any mention- permit founded upon any such certificate may be seized, and ed in permits shall be forfeited, notwithstanding such permit, unless such founded on such goods shall have been really and bona fide bought from the be^dze^ifno/ person giving such certificate, and in all cases where any per- bought from son or persons shall give any certificate of having sola any person giving goods to any other person or persons, the quantity of goods them* mentioned in such certificate shall be deducted from the credit of the person or persons giving the same, and all surplus, Surplus deemed or exceeding above such credit, which shall be found in the undulV entered, custody or possession of the person or persons giving such certificate, snail be deemed to have been imported and landed

without due entry thereof and shall be forfeited as such.

XI. And be it enacted, That the person or persons to whom permits to be any such goods as aforesaid shall be sent, shall within twenty- lodged as herein four hours, or in case a Sunday or Christmas Day, or Good direct Friday, shall intervene, in forty-eight hours after the arrival

of such goods at the place of their destination, or after the* expiration of the time limited in such permit, repair with such permit to the proper office for granting permits, where an office for that purpose shall be established, and lodge the same with the proper office!* in such office, and in all other places to the surveyor or other officer of excise, and shall lodge the same with him, and every such officer shall within twenty four to exi-

hours after such permit shall be so lodged with him, carefully permit8, " examine such goods, and shall without fee or reward, upon &c. affidavit or oath made by the person to whom such goods shall be sent, which oath such officer may administer, that the_goods mentioned in the permit were really and truly brought from the place mentioned in such permit, give the person bringing such permit a certificate, signed by such officer, that such permit was lodged with him, which certificate shall contain in the body thereof a copy of such permit, without erasure or alteration, and the day of granting such certificate, and such certificate shall protect the goods so long > as the same shall continue of force.

Vox*. XII. ct Xtt. And

Certificates to be renewed after 3 mouths.

Permit officers may examine upon oath.

Goods may be seized after time limited in permit, if certificate be not producecL

Collectors to give certificates to persons licensed* on which endorsements shall be made as herein directed, when goods are purchased.

The Fortieth Year of George III. v

XII. And be it enacted, That no certificate shall be in <brc$ or shall protect or cover any goods or commodities for any longer time than for the space of three months after such certificate shall be granted, and that at or before the end or expiration of such time, the pioper officer shall, upon application made to him for that purpose, grant, without fee or reward, a new certificate for such goods or commodities, or for so much thereof as shall appear to such officer, upon examination thereof, to be on hand and undisposed of, and at the time of such new certificate being granted, the former certificate shall be delivered up to the officer granting the same, and if any goods or commodities shall be found without such certificate, the same shall be forfeited, and may be seized.

XIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any officer or officers of his Majesty's revenue, granting or renewing a permit or certificate, to examine upon oath, which oath he is hereby authorized to administer, any person or per- -sons applying for such permit or certificate, whether the duty was actually paid for the goods for which such permit or certificate shall be so demanded, and as to the identity of such goods, and to all such matters as shall appear to such officer or officers necessary to satisfy him or them, that the duties pa}rable on such goods had been duly paid*.

XIV. And be it enacted, That if any goods or commodities shall be found in the possession of any person or persons, after the expiration of twenty-four hours, or forty-eight hours respectively, from the arrival thereof, or from the expiration of the time limited in the permit by which such goods and commodities were conveyed to the place where the same shall be found, and such certificate as is herein before directed to be given in lieu of the permit, shall not be produced by the person in whose possession such goods and commodities shall have been found, the same shall be forfeited, and may be seized-

XV. And be it enacted, That every collector who shall grant a license to any person to deal in or sell any of the goods aforesaid, shall, at the time of granting such license, give the person obtaining the same a certificate thereof, which certificate shall, at every time the person or persons so licensed shall purchase any such goods, except those, touching which any special provision is made by any other act or acts of parliament, be produced to the seller thereof, who shall endorse on such certificate the quantity and quality of such goods, and the marks, numbers and weight thereof, and the time when the duty thereon was paid, and the name of the person to whom the same shall be sold, and the time of such sale, the place where, and the time when, and the name of the ship in which any of such foreign goods were imported, and the degrees of strength of the liquor contained in each cask of foreign

The Fortieth Year of George IlL

349

foreign spirits, and the seller of any such goods, of his known clerk, shall sign such endorsement and such certificate, with Certificateswltk such endorsements as aforesaid, shall be produced to the pro- eador^meiitgj# per officer for granting a permit for such goods, before he £|rmit shall grant a permit for the same, and such officer shall at the eta

time of granting evfcry such permit, specify in such endorsed ment the date and number of the permit, and the place where the same shall be granted, and the name of the person td whom the goods therein mentioned are to be conveyed, and sign his name thereto, and if, on an examination of such goods by any officer of the revenue, such endorsement shall be found not to correspond with the goods so examined, all such goo'ds shall be seized and forfeited, together with the casks or packages containing the same, and every such dealer in, or sel- # ler of any of the said goods shall, on every twenty-fifth day of March, twenty-fourth day of June, twenty-ninth day of September, and twenty-fifth day of December, or within ten days after the said days respectively, return to the collector of the district in which he or she shall reside, such certificate, together with all Certificate* to endorsements made thereon; and every such collector shall , upon every s tnontlw, receiving such certificate, give a new certificate for the purpose penalty 100L*aforesaid, to the person so licensed, and if any such person shall omit to deliver up any such certificate at any of the times aforesaid, he or she shall forfeit for every such offence the gum of one hundred pounds; and in case the paper on which New certificate* any such certificate shall be granted, shall before any of the to be granted_said days on which the same is hereby required to be re-

turned, be filled up by the endorsements herein directed to be made thereon, then such collector shall, upon such person delivering up to him any such certificate, with such endorsements thereon, grant uoto such person a new certificate for the purpose aforesaid; and every such collector shall, upon Collectors to receiving any such certificate, with such endorsements there-on, enter the same in a book to be kept by him for that pur- migtiouer*. pose, and forthwith transmit every such certificate, with the endorsements thereon, ta the chief of of his Majesty's revenue.

XVI. And be it enacted, That if any person so licensed shall not on demand made by any officer of the revenue, pro- produwwrti-duce to such officer such certificate, with the endorsements, ticate; which shall have been made thereon, or not suffer such officer to examine the same, then such person so licensed shall, for every such neglect or refusal, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds; and in case any endorsement made on such certificate, shall appear to the of of the revenue, or any three of them, to have been erased, obliterated, or fraudu- lently altered, then it shall be lawful for theaid comrats- 100^ penalty for sioners, or any three of them, to annul or vacJt j the license »nSendor»e

granted to the person or persons upon whose certificate any ment, and endorsement shall have been so erased, obliterated or altered, ticenceforfeited.


Officers to examine goods, certificates, and endorsements.

Officers to keep accounts of -stock in certificate books which shall be kept by retailers.

Dealers to give up certificate hooks when they are filled, Penalty 100?.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

and the person to whom such certificate, upon which any endorsement shall appear to have been so erased, obliterated, or altered, shall have been granted, shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XVII. And be it enacted, That every person who shall be licensed to retail or deal in any of the goods aforesaid, as often as any officer of excise shall attend to examine the same, after their arrival at the place of their destination, according to the provisions aforesaid, shall produce to such officer the aforesaid certificate of license, with the aforesaid endorsements thereon, and such officer shall examine such

foods, with the said endorsements, and if the goods pro-.

uced shall agree in quantity and quality with the description in such endorsements, and in the permit, the officer shall take such goods into the account kept by him of the stock of such retailer, who shall be entitled to credit for the same; but if any of such goods shall not so agree, the same shall be forfeited and may be seized; and in case any retailer of or dealer in any such goods shall not produce his said certificate of licence as often as he shall be required by any officer of excise so to do, he or she shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds for every such offence.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That the proper officers of excise shall take an account of the stock of all retailers of and dealers in any such goods as aforesaid, and shall keep a full and true account thereof, in a book to be called a certificate book, to be given to such retailer or dealer, and to be kept by him as herein mentioned, and shall on every visit give to such retailer or dealer an, exact copy of the account of the stock so by him taken, and enter the same in such book; and in all cases where a permit shall be required for the subsequent removal of any goods, the retailer or dealer shall produce to the permitting-officer his said certificate book, and opposite to the officer's account of stock, the retailer or dealer shall enter the quantity of the goods to be permitted, to whom, and where, to be sent, and the same shall be signed by such retailer or dealer, or by his known clerk; and every retailer or dealerwho shall reside in any place except within the district of the metropolis, shall, so often as any certificate book shall be filled with entries required to, be made therein, deliver the same to the proper officer of excise, and every retailer or dealer who shall reside within the district of the metropolis, shall, so often as such certificate book shall be filled with entries as aforesaid, deliver the same at the permit-office for the division in which such retailer or dealer shall reside, or in default thereof shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds* gnd no permit shall be granted to carry any of the goods from any retailer or dealer after he or she ought

te

The Fortieth Year of George III. 24$

to have so delivered such certificate book as aforesaid, until he or she shall have so delivered up the same.

XIX., And be it enacted, That as often as an account of Permits of cer-any such goods shall be entered in the certificate book kept fastened in cer-by such retailer or dealer, the permit or certificate from tificate book*, " which every such entry shall have been made, shall be

fastened in such certificate book by the retailer or dealer, and shall remain fastened therein until the force of such certificate granted in lieu of a permit shall have expired, and a new certificate shall be obtained in the place of the same, for so much of the goods as shall remain on hands at the end of each quarter, or until the whole of the quantity contained in the certificate shall be disposed of, and such new and quarterly certificate shall be fastened by the retailer or dealer in such certificate book, and which shall in like manner remain fastened therein whilst any part of the goods for which the original permit had been granted shall remain on hands; and no officer of the revenue shall grant any permit on the credit Officers not to of such certificate book, unless it shall appear by the certificates annexed thereto, that the person applying for such certfficate ° permit is entitled to credit for the quantity of goods for books, but on! which he or she requires such permit, nor unless such person condrooa* bers-make oath that the goods for which he or she requires such permit, are part of the same goods mentioned in the certificate fastened to the book, and by virtue of which such goods were taken into stock, or in case of a quarterly certificate that the goods for which he or she requires such permit, are part of the goods for which such quarterly certificate was granted.

XX. And be it enacted, That every retailer of any of the ^iiler9 goods aforesaid shall, within fourteen days after the thirty- cat/books to* first day of December, in every year, if such retailer shall officers, at time reside in any part of Ireland except within the district of the ment^n'* metropolis, deliver to the officer.of the walk in which he or6*

she resides, and if such retailer shall reside within the district of die metropolis at the permit office for the division in which he or she shall reside, the certificate book in which the account of his or her stock' shall have been entered, with air the certificates which shall have been fastened thereto as aforesaid, and such officer shall thereupon give to such retailer a certificate for such of his stock mentioned iff such certificate book as shall then remain on hands, and shall enter the same in a new certificate book, to be kept iff manner aforesaid; and if any retailer shall neglect to deliver to such officer such certificate book, he or she shall for every such neglect forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, and no permit shall be granted to convey any goods from any retailer after the time ne or she is hereby required to deliver to the officer the said certificate book, with certificates

US

Entry of officer hall not orotect goods witnoujt certificate.

Powers of officers to enter and demand' permits, fice.

Increase of stock above quantity in per-fhits or certificates, may be seized.

Permits for strong waters made in Ireland.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

cates fastened thereto, unless his or her said book shall have been delivered to such officer.

XXI. And be it enacted, That no entry of any officer in

any book shall be sufficient to protect any goods from seizure, unless the merchant's certificate under which the same were received, or the certificate granted in Heu of a permit, or such quarterly certificate as aforesaid, shall remain fastened to the said certificate book.

XXII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any officer of his Majesty's revenue to enter in the day time into any house, out-house, store-house or other place belonging to any person or persons dealing in, storing, or having in his, her, or their possession any of the goods aforesaid, for which a permit is required, and to demand a permit, or let-pass, signed by the proper officer of excise, for such goods as shall he found therein, and if on demand made by any such officer, such permit or let-pass, or a certificate under the hand of a proper officer that a permit had been lodged with him, shall not be produced within a reasonable time after such demand, or proof made that a permit had been granted for the same and was afterwards lost or mislaid,

then all such goods, together with the packages, casks, or vessels in which they shall be contained, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer of his Majesty's revenue; and in case any encrease shall be found in the stock of any person dealing in, or storing any such goods a£ aforesaid, above the quantity which by such permits or certificates, or by the account of the stock of such person, kept by any officer of excise, ought to be in the possession of such person, it shall and may be lawful for any officer of excise to seize out any part of the stock of such person a quantity of any such goods equal to the quantity so found encreased, ^nd the same shall be forfeited.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That every person applying for a permit for conveying any quantity of spirits or strong

waters made in Ireland, shall give to the officer who is to grant such permit an account in writing of the number of casks or vessels in which such spirits or strong waters ar.e to be contained, together with the quantity of spirits or strong waters which are to be contained in each cask or vessel, and such officer shall upon granting any such permit give therewith a ticket for every cask or vessel mentioned in such permit, stamped with such stamp or mark as the chief of of excise shall think proper, and the tickets so to be given to each such person shall be numbered in arithmetical progression, beginning with the number one, and shall contain the number and date of the permit, the persons name to whom granted, the name of the person to whom, and the place to which the cask is to be sent, the number of gallons

The Fortieh Year of George III. 2*7

of spirits contained in sach cask or vessel, and the time such permit is to remain in force, with the initial letters of the officer's name who shall give the same subscribed thereto, and the person obtaining such permit shall, before the removal of such spirits, affix, or fasten with paste, or other glu- Tickets to be tinous substance, on the head of each cask or vessel in which puted on beads the spirits shall be contained, the ticket which shall corrfcs-°*«* pona Ith contents of such cask or vessel, or in default of affixing such ticket as described aforesaid, in manner aforesaid, and corresponding in the particulars aforesaid, or if any cask or vessel containing such spirits shall be found conveying without such ticket fastened on the head of such cask, the spirits and the cask or casks containing the same shall be for* feited, and may be seized by any officer of his Majesty's revenue.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That such ticket shall remain Ticket* to reaffixed or fastened on the head of the cask or vessel on which*

it shall have been fastened, and the spirits shall not be drawn

from such cask or vessel, or be again removed, until the same fore spirit* are shall be examined by the proper officer, and the permit by drawn off, Ac. virtqe of which such spirits shall have been conveyed, shall be lodged with him, and his certificate thereof obtained; and if any such cask or vessel shall be found before such certificate shall be granted without such ticket thereon, or if tfce spirits conveyed in such cask or vessel shall be removed out of the same before such certificate shall be granted the person to whom such spirits were conveyed, if the same had been delivered, shall forfeit the sum of five shillings for every gallon of the spirits which such cask or vessel shall be capable of containing, and the casks in which the same shall have been conveyed, together with all spirits so conveyed, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of his Majesty's revenue.

XXV. And be it enacted, That every person licensed Quarterly rs-to retail, or deal in any of the goods herein named, within tom* tobe made the district of the metropolis, shall, within fourteen days

after the twenty-fifth day of March, twenty-fourth day of tropoU* oooosth. June, twenty-ninth day of September, and twenty-fifth day of December in every year, make a return to the proper*officer at the permit office in the division in vhich such retailer or dealer shall reside, of the quantity of spirits, wine, coffee, tea, sugar, hops, tobacco, snuff, or other goods subject to duty to his Majesty, in his or her possession at the time of making such return, and shall make oath before such officer that such return is a true account of the quantities of all such goods then in the custody or possession of such retailer or dealer, to the best of his or her calculation and belief*, and that he or she received regular permits or certificates with and for every artide contained in such return.

b yA

The Fortieth Year of George III.

10L penalty for neglecting to make such return.

Proof to be made of payment of, duty on goods seized, notwithstanding a permit is produced.

Removal of spirits, wines, tea, coffee, china, or muslin.

Contracts for goods shall be void if the quantity exceeds what is mentioned in the permit, as to the value of the greater quanti- ty,c,

and that to the best of his or her knowledge and belief his Majesty's duties were paid for all such goods, which oath every officer is hereby authorized and empbwered to administer, and such officer is thereupon to grant one general certificate for so much of all such goods as such retailer or dealer shall then have on hands, which certificate sh^ll have the same effect as the original permits or certificates granted for such goods.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That if any such person shall neglect to make such return of his or her stock in the manner and within the time by this act directed, every such person shall, for every such neglect, forfeit the sum of ten pounds sterling, and no permit shall be granted to convey any goods from any retailer or dealer, unless such return of stock as aforesaid shall have been made.

XXVII. And whereas it frequently happens that permits and certificates are obtained fraudulently m order to protect goods, the duties on which have not been paid, for remedy whereof, be it enacted, That if any goods on which any duty is payable, shall be seized for any breach of the laws relating to his Majesty's revenue, such goods shall be condemned and adjudged forfeited, unless the defendant or claimant shall prove in such case the payment of the duties, or the legal sale or condemnation, or the place from which such goods were brought (as the case may happen) notwithstanding that a permit shall be produced when such goods are conveying from one place to another, or that a permit or certificate shall be produced after the arrival of such goods at the place of their destination.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That no spirits, wines, tea, coffee, china, or muslin, which shall have been removed from the port or place of importation, or from any other port or place in this kingdom, to any other port or place in the same, shall be again returned or sent back to such port or place whence the same was or were removed, upon any pretence whatsoever, without a special license for that purpose from the of of his Majesty's revenue, or any one or more of them, which shall accompany such goods, upon pain of forfeiture of such goods.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That in all cases where any permit for the conveyance of any goods toany person shall \>e granted, and the quantity of the goods expressed in the permit shall be less than the quantity really sent therewith, all contracts, promises, assumptions, bills, notes, or other securities, where any part of the consideration \hereof shall be for the value or price of a greater quantity of such goods than that expressed in the permit, shall, as to the value or price of such greater quantity, be null and void, and no action nr suit shall be maintainable in any court of law or equity, for Jhe recovery of the value or price of any greater quantity of

The Fortieth Year o/\ George til. 40

such goods than shdll be expressed in the permit for conveying the same; and if the person or persons chargeable with the value or price of such goods shall have paid ready money for the same, or if the person or persons selling the same shall otherwise have been paid or satisfied for the value or price thereof, it shall be lawful for the person or persons who shall have so paid or satisfied such value or price, to recover from the seller of such goods the amount of the value or price of so much of such goods as shall exceed the quantity mentioned in the permit for conveying the same, to be sued for and recovered by civil bill, in a court of proper jurisdiction and in all cases such permits, or any certificate granted by any officer of the revenue in lieu thereof, shall be evidence of the quantity mentioned in such permit.

XXX. tod be it enacted, That all tod every the fines. Fines, Sec. not penalties, and forfeitures inflicted by this act, other than and otherwise pro-except as by this act is otherwise provided for, shall and may j^overe^as be sued for, recovered, and levied in such manner and form, by 14 and 15 G. and by such ways and means, and with such powers and 2. with like re-authorities as are prescribed, directed, and appointed in and of

by an act of parliament made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of his late Majesty, Charles the second, entitled. An act Jar the settling of the excise or new impost upon his Majesty, his heirs and successors, according to the hook of rates therein inserted, as folly and effectually, to all intents, constructions, and purposes, as if the same were particularly mentioned, expressed, and enacted in this act, with like remedy of appeal to the party or parties who shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved, as in and by the said act is provided.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That this act shall continue and In force until 29 be of force until the twenty-ninth day of September, one Sept, isoi, and thousand eight hundred and one, and from thence to the end ^riQn next of the then next session of parliament, and no longer

CHAP.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

CHAP. LXIX.

An Act to enable his Majesty to grant annuities to thi Lord High Chancellor, and to the Judges of the Court of King* s Bench, Master of the Rolls, Judges of the Courts of Common Pleas and Exchequer, Judge or Commissary of the Court Of Prerogative, the Judge of the Court of Admiralty, the Chairman of the Quarter Sessions of the County of Dublin, and Assistant Barristers of the several other Counties, on the Resignation of their respective offices, and to amend an Act passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of his present Majesty, entitled. An Act for encreasing the Salaries of the Chief and other Judges of the Courts of King*s Bench and Common Pleas, and of the Chief Baron, and other Barons of the Court of Exchequer in this Kingdom.

Vide 54 G. s, c. 5.

The King may grant 40001. a year for life to the lord chancellor, to commence on the day when he hall resign or be removed, payable out of consolidated fund.

Whereas it is expedient schdt his Majesty Should be enabled to make proper provision from time to time for such persons as shall nave diligently and uprightly conducted themselves in the execution of the office of lord high chancellor, or lord keeper of the great seal of Ireland, chief justice of the king's bench, master of the rolls, chief justice of the common pleas, chief baron of the exchequer, the justices of the courts of king's bench and common pleas, and barons of the court of exchequer, judge or commissary of the court of prerogative, for the judge of the court of admiralty, for the chairman of the sessions of the peace of the county of Dublin, being one of his Majesty's counsel learned in the fair, and for the assistant barristers at the sessions of the peace in the several other counties in this kingdom, and for that purpose to grant annuities to the respective amounts, and for the periods herein after mentioned, to such officers respectively, and also to make a competent and fitting provision for such persons as may hold the office of chancellor, or keeper of the great seal of Ireland, in the event of their quitting, or being removed from the said employment; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent* Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall be lawful to and for the King's most excellent Majesty, his heirs and successors, by any letters patent under the great seal of Ireland, to give and grant unto any. person executing the office of lord high chancellor of Ireland, for the time being, or the office of keeper of the great seal of Ireland, an annuity

*51

The Fortieth Year of George III.

jnuity or yearly sum of money, not exceeding the sum of four thousand pounds sterling, to commence and take effect immediately from and after the day on which the person to whom such annuity oryearly sum of money shall be granted, shall resign the said office of chancellor or keeper of the great seal of Ireland, or to be removed from the same respectively, and to continue from thenceforth for and during die life of the person to whom the same shall be granted as aforesaid, and such annuity, or yearly relit or sum, shall be issued and payable out of, and charged and chargeable upon the consolidated fund, in such order of payment, and at such days and times as the salary of the lord chancellor or keeper of the great seal of Ireland is now by law payable; provided always, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in and by the said letters patent, if be or they shall think fit, to limit the duration and payment of any such annuity to be granted to any person executing the said office of lord high chancellor or the office of keeper of the great seal of Ireland, or any part of such annuity, to such periods of time, during the life of such person, in which he Say shall not execute the said office of lord high chancellor or duration and keeper of the great seal of Ireland, or any other office of payment of sufck profit under his Majesty, his heirs or successors, so as such annuity to be granted as aforesaid, together with the salary and profits of such other office, shall together not exceed, in the whole, the said sum of four thousand pounds.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be, lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by any let- justi^of0 ters patent under the great seal of Ireland, to give and King'* bench., grant unto any person who may or shall have executed the office of chief justice of the court of King's bench, and shall have resigned the same, an annuity or yearly sum of money, not exceeding the sum of three thousand pounds; and to any person who may or shall have executed the office of master of the rolls, provided such master of the rolls shall have ter Of c, j. been a person learned in ^he law, chief justice of the com- of common man pleas, or chief baron of the exchequer, and who shall have respectively resigned the same, an annuity or yearly 0 exctie<lucr* sum of money not exceeding the sum of two thousand seven hundred pounds sterling, and to any person who may or shall have executed the office of puisne judge of the courts of King's bench and common pleas, or of barons of the epurt 2000L«year of exchequer, and who shall have resigned the same, an for a puisne annuity or yearly sum of money not exceeding the sum of iud*e' two thousand pounds sterling, the said several last mentioned annuities to commence from and after the day on which the person to whom any such annuity or yearly sum of money shall be granted, as aforesaid, shall have resigned Ids said office, and to continue from thenceforth for and during the pfe of the person to whom the same shall be granted ps

aforesaid.

1S2 The Fortieth Year of George III.

aforesaid, and every such annuity or yearly sum of money shall be issued and payable out of, and charged and chargeable upon the consolidated fund in such order, of payment, and at such days and times as the salaries of the said chief justices, chief baron, and other justices and barons are now by law payable, and shall be paid without any deduction for pells or poundage, or otherwise, and provided that nothing herein contained shall affect the several annuities of two hundred pounds heretofore granted to the present lord chief baron, and the other barons of the exchequer, for and in lieu of the salary formerly allowed to them for auditing public accounts, but the said several annuities of two hundred pounds to the aforesaid lord chief baron and the other barons shall be continued to them during their respective lives, whether they, or any of them shall accept of an annuity

Srovided by this act or not, and that it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to grant to any person who may or shall execute the office of judge or commissary 10001 a year to his Majesty's court of prerogative in Ireland, who shall

judge of^rero- have resigned the same, an annuity or yearly sum, not ex-gative. ceeding the sum of one thousand pounds; and to any person who may or shall execute the office of judge of the court of judge o/adini- admiralty, who shall have resigned the same, an annuity or ralty. yearly sum of four hundred pounds; and to any person who

may or shall execute the office of chairman of the sessions of the peace of the county of Dublin, who shall have resigned

co. Dublin 5001. ^e same, an annuity or yearly sum not exceeding five hun-a year. dred pounds sterling; and to any person who may or shall

execute the said office of assistant barrister, an annuity or yearly sum, not exceeding three hundred pounds; and also the same annuity to any person who has executed the said office of assistant barrister, and who has resigned the same, Assistant banis-on account of a permanent infirmity which disabled such ter sooi. a year person from performing the duties of said office, the said last mentioned annuities to be paid in such order of payment, as the salaries of the said chairman and assistant barristers Conditions on are now by law payable; provided always, that no such mnt^f annui- annufhy or yearty sum of money granted to any person hav-ti«s shall be " ing executed the office of chief justice, master of the rolls, vajid- chief baron, justice or baron of the said courts respectively,

judge or commissary of the court of prfirogative, shall be valid, unless such chief justice, master of the rolls, chief - baron, justice or baron, judge or commissary of the court of'prerogative, or judge of the court of admiralty, respectively,

shall nave continued in one or more of the said last menti-

oned offices for the period of fifteen years, or shall be afflicted with some permanent infirmity, disabling him from the due execution of his office, which shall be distinctly recited in such grant, nor to the chairman of the sessions of the peace of the county of Dublin, or any assistant barrister

resigning

The Fortieth Year of George III.

2S3

resigning his office as aforesaid, unless he shall have continued in nis office twenty years, or be afflicted with some permanent infirmity, disabling him from the due execution of his office, to be distinctly recited in such grant.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the of of his Majesty's treasury now being, and the high treasurer and under treasurer of the exchequer, and of of the treasury for the time being, or any three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and required by warrant under their hands, to direct the auditor Lords of of the receipt of the exchequer now and for the time being, 8ury to direct" to make forth ass debentures from time to time for pay- and gen. to

ing the said se annuities, or sums of money in manner

aforesaid, which shall become payable by virtue of any such annuities, which

letters patent as aforesaid, or which shall have been ascer- shall be suffici-

tained to be payable upon such account as herein before di- ent authority'

rected to be delivered, and as the same shall from time to

time become due and payable, according to the true intent

and meaning of this act, without any fees or charges to be

demanded, or taken for paying the same, or any part thereof,

which said warrants and debentures to be made forth and

passed thereupon respectively, shall be sufficient authority to the several and respective officers of the receipt of the exchequer now and for the time being, for the payment of

all such annuities or sums of money at the respective days in this act before appointed for such payments, without any

further or other warrants to be sued for, had, or obtained in

that behalf.

IV. And be it further enacted, That after signing of any^guch, such warrants or debentures respectively, the same shall be warrants are good, valid, and effectual in the law, according to the pur- signed, they port and true meaning thereof, and of this act, and shall not be determinable or revocable by or upon the decease of his Majesty, (whom God long preserve, ) or any of his heirs or successors, or by or upon the death or removal of any of the said of or the treasury, or the lord high treasurer, or under treasurer, or by or upon the determination of the power, office or offices of them, or any of them.

V. And be it further enacted, That the of of No fees to be the treasury now being, and the high treasurer, chancellor, paid to officers and under treasurer, chamberlains and barons of the exche- of trea8ur7»&c* quer, and all others the officers and ministers of the court of exchequer, and of the receipt thereof now and for the time being shall, and they are hereby authorized and strictly enjoined and required to do without fee or reward, all such acts, matters, and things as are herein before directed or required, or shall be necessary to be done and performed by thetn, or any or either of them, in order to render this act, and die several payments hereby directed effectual.

Receipt* of pei> toot to whom Annuities are parable shall be "UnScfrTit

No charge whatsoever shall be made on such annuities, nor shall officers refuse or neglect to pay them.

By recited act 86 G. 3. the deductions herein was to be made from the salary of any judge prevented by sickness, &c. from going

circuit.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the acquittance or a#* quittances, receipt or receipts, of the said lord high chancellor, or keeper of the great seal, chief justice of the King's bench, master of the rolls, chief justice of the common pleas, the chief baron of the court of exchequer, the puisne judges of the courts of King's bench and common pleas, and barons of the court of exchequer respectively, and of all persons who shall have servedvin any of the offices before mentioned, and to whom any such annuities, or sums of money shall have been granted as aforesaid, shall be good and sufficient discharges from the payment of the said sums of money and annuities respectively before mentioned, without any further or other warrant to be sued for or obtained in that behalf, and that the said several annuities or sums of money, and every part thereof, shall be free and clear from all taxes, impositions, and other charges whatsoever; and in case any of the officers of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, shall refuse or neglect to pay any such annuity er sum of money, or any part thereof, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, or do any act necessary to enable any such lord high chancellor, or keeper of the great seal, chief justice of the King's bench, master of the rolls, chief justice of the common pleas, chief baron, puisne judge, or baron of the exchequer, or any person having served in any of the offices before mentioned, to whom any such annuity or sum of money herein before mentioned shall have been granted as aforesaid to receive the same, then any such lord high chancellor, or keeper of the great seal, chief justice of the King's bench, master of the rolls, chief justice of the common pleas, chief baron, puisne judge, or baron aforesaid, or any such other person as aforesaid, may from time to time sue, prosecute, and implead such officers, or any of them, their heirs, executors or administrators, by bill, plaint, or action of debt, and shall and may recover judgment, and sue out execution thereupon against such officers respectfully, their respective heirs, executors or administrators, for so much of any such annuity, or sum of money respectively, then due and owing, or any part thereof as shall have been in the hands of the officer or officers of the receipt of the exchequer, at the time or times when such demand shSll have been legally made for the payment of any such annuity or annuities, or sums of money, or any part thereof as aforesaid, or for the refusal or neglect to do any act necessary to be done by any such officer or officers respectively.

VII. And whereas by an act passed in the parliament of this kingdom, in the thirty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An Act for encreasing the salaries of the chief justice and other judges of his Majesty's court of King's bench and common pleas, and of the chief baron and other barons of the court tf exchequer in this kingdom, it is amongst

other

The Fortieth Year of George J3L

2S5

ether things enacted, That as often as it shall happen that any chief justice, chief baron, or puisne judge, or puisne baron, shall from sickness, or any other cause, be prevented from going any circuit, or part of a circuit, it shall and may' be lawful for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, by warrant under his or their hand or hands, or direct that the sum of four hundred pounds shall be stopped and deducted from the salary of such chief justice, chief baron, puisne judge, or puisne baron, who shall be prevented from going the whole of their respective circuits, ana be applied to the payment of such person who shall be appointed to go, and shall go such circuit in the place of

such judge; and such part of such sum as the chief governor, or chief governors of this kingdom shall direct, when it shall happen that the chief justice, or chief baron, or other judge shall go part of a circuit, and not be able to go the whole of his circuit, shall be paid to the person who shall go such part of a circuit, in the place of such judge.

VIII. And whereas it may some times happen that a judge may be prevented by sickness, or other infirmity, from going part, or the whole of a circuit to which he may be appointed, and in such case it is not reasonable that a deduction Should be made from his salary, to the amount in said act specified,

especially as such sickness may be caused by the labours of such judge, in the execution of his office; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the sum of two hun- Only 200?. shall dred pounds, and no more, shall hereafter be stopped mid hereafter be deducted from the salary of any chief justice, chief baron, vidcShe or other judge or baron, who shall omit to go any circuit, or that he is prepart of a circuit, which he shall have been appointed .'to go; vented by sick-provided that such chief justice, chief baron, or other judge nessoriuSrimty* or baron shall certify and declare under his hand, to the lord high treasurer, or of of the treasury of this kingdom for the time being, that he was prevented by sickness*or other bodily infirmity, from going such circuit, or part of a circuit.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, L*. lieutenant that it shall and may be lawful for the lord lieutenant, or other J^ex^ding111 chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time 4oqj. to be paid being* by warrant under his or their hand or hands, from to person going time to time, to direct the proper officers of his Majesty's caul^ineplace treasury to pay, and it shall thereupon be lawful for such 0 aju officers to payout of the fund called the consolidated fund,

to such person as shall be appointed to go, and shall go such circuit, or part of a jjircuit, in the place of any chief justice, chief baron, or other judge or baron so prevented by sick- ness from going such circuit, or part of a circuit, such sum of money as such lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors shall think fit, provided the same shall not exceed ^he sum of four hundred pounds.

And

Payment to clerks of assize, Jtc. nisi prius.

A judge's certificate shall, be sufficient for such clerk, after each circuit.

When a judge shall have gone

Eart of a circuit, is clerk may continue, although another shall be appointed.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

that one clerk for the time being, of every of the present chief justices, and other judges of his Majesty's court of king's bench and common pleas, and of the chief baron, and other barons of his Majesty's court of exchequer, and of all future chief justices, chief barons, and other judges and barons of the said courts respectively, shall be paid for their services as clerk of assize, and nisi prius, on the respective circuits, such sums as by the said recited act are directed to be paid to the several clerks for the time being, of the then chief justices, chief baron, and puisne judges and puisne barons, who shall go circuit as clerk of assize and nisi prius, and procure such certificate as therein is mentioned.

XL. And be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, - that instead of the certificate by the said act made necessary to be procured and produced by such clerks, after each circuit, it shall be sufficient that such clerks shall procure a certificate from the respective chief justice, chief baron, or other judge or baron by whom they shall have been respectively appointed, under their hands respectively, stating that such chief justice, chief baron, or other judge or baron has appointed, the person named therein to be his clerk, and shall lodge such certificate in the office of the auditor of his Majesty's exchequer, and from thenceforth such person so named in such certificate, shall be entitled to be paid, and shall be paid the said sums in the said act mentioned, after each and every circuit that the judge so appointed such clerk shall go, until such chief justice, chief baron, or other judge or baron shall in like manner certify, that he hpth appointed some other person to be his clerk, in the room of such other person so before appointed, and so from time to time, as often as such clerks shall be appointed.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That whenever it shall happen that any judge of assize shall have gone part of a circuit, and shall be prevented by sickness mom proceeding thereon, so as that some other person shall have been appointed to go the remainder of such circuit, in the place of such judge, then the clerk of such judge who shall have been so prevented by sickness from proceeding on the said circuit, may continue to execute the duty of clerk of assize for the remainder of such circuit, and be paid in like manner, as if such judge had gone the whole of such circuit.

XIII. And whereas doubts may arise whether in case his Majesty shall think fit in consequence of the union, to appoint a person learned in the law, to execute the office of master of the rolls, the present of for the custody of the rolls, maybe entitled to apply for compensation, before the of to be appointee! under and by virtue of an act passed this session of parliament, entitled, An act Jbr granting

4

257

The Fortieth Year of George III.

ing allowances to bodies corporate9 and individuals, in respect to those cities, towns, and boroughs which shall cease to send any member to parliament after the union, and to make corn-pensation to those persons Whose offices may thereby be discontinued or diminished in value; be it therefore enacted, That In What case the in case his Majesty shall appoint any person learned in the Present commis-law, to execute the said office of master of the rolls, it shall ro^mayfeceWe and may be lawful for the said* of to take into compensation, their consideration the losses that may be sustained by the said present of of the rolls, in consequence of such appointment, and to ascertain and report such compensation, as to them may seem reasonable, and that it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to grant the said compensation, in manner and form as is provided by said recited act*

- CHAP. LXX<

An Act for discharging certain Arrears of Quit9 Crown9 and Composition Rents9 which have been growing due for Twenty Years before the Twenty-ninth Day of September

One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine9 on the Terms Vide 51 G.S. c. 91 and in Manner therein mentioned.

Whereas several lands, rectory, priory, monastery lands, Lands charge-tenements, and hereditaments, chargeable with quit rents, able with Sui<» crown rents, composition rents, or other chief rents payable to composition his Majesty, his heirs and successors, have been for many years rents have for past returned by the collectors of his Majesty's revenue, to whom ^.^urned such rents have been given in charge as not to be found, and SHirreaf! such rents have been constantly returned in arrear, by means whereof such arrears do now amount to considerable sums of money, and will be great incumbrances on such lands, rectory, abbey, priory, and monastry lands, tithes, fairs, tenements, and hereditaments, in case the same Should hereafter be discovered*

And whereas it is apprehended that by giving an encouragement to the present owners of such lands, rectory, abbey, priory, monastry lands, tithes, fairs, tenements, and hereditaments, to discover the same, so as that the growing rents payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, may hereafter be punctually paid, will encrease his Majesty's revenue; bb it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that it shall and may be lawful Oawhat tdn-for every person and persons, bodies politic and corporate, ditions the court at any time before the twenty-fifth day of March, which will may^rdei^land* be in the year of bur Lord, one thousand eight hundred and to be freed from Yot. XII. R ten,

1

|58 The Fortieth Year of George III.

TTSfi of ten, to prefer huT, her, or their petition or petitions to h& aSKKT ^aJe8ty court of exchequer, thereby setting forth, that all, where none have or some of the lands, rectory, abbey, priory, monastry lands, h* p*Ml, oj" tithes, fairs, tenements, and hereditaments, whereof, he, she, forao or ^.ey* , or are seized, is or are subject or liable to some ranbtfor*the certain quit relit, crown relit, composition, or other chief ffth Sept* 1790. relit payable to his Majesty, his heirs*and successors, which hath not been paid for the space of twenty years, next immediately preceding the twenty-ninth day of September, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, particularly describing in such petition the lands liable to the payment thereof, as well by their present as former names ana denominations, and thereby submitting to pay all such annual quit relit, crown relit, composition relit or other chief relit, which shall become due from and after such time as the said court of exchequer shall think fit to order, and praying to have such lands, abbey, priory, monastiy lands, tithes, fairs, tenements and hereditaments, discharged of and from all arrears of such relit incurred, due to, and for such time as the said court shall think fit, which petition shall be engrossed on parchment, and signed by the party or parties prefering the same (except in case of a minor or juna-tick, and in such case by the guardian or guardians, committee or committees of such minor or lunatick, and shall be filed on record in the second remembrancer's office, and that thereupon, an order shall be made by the said court, that the auditor general, or his deputy or deputies, shall search into the relit-rolls, books, and records in nis office, and shall certify to the said court by a certain day, to be appointed by the court, whether any such relit or rents as is or are mentioned in such petition or petitions, hath or have been accounted for to his Majesty, or his predecessors, within the space of twenty years, next preceding the said twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, a copy of which order shall be served on the said auditor-, general, or his deputy, and on the solicitor of his Majesty's rents, ten days at the least before the day appointed for his making such certificate, and the said auditor-general, or his Search to be deputy, is hereby required to make such searches, and to cer-en!aii5feesto to court of exchequer, whether it appears to

be paid by him. him that such rents have been paid or accounted for to his Majesty, or his predecessors, within the space of twenty years next before the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and whether it appears to him that any and what proceedings have been had Dy or on behalf of his Majesty, for recovery of such relit.within the said period, for which search the sum of two shillings and six-pence, and no more, and for which certificate the sum of six shillings and eight-pence, and no more, and for

4

The Fortieth Year of George III.

59

for entry of discharge of such arrears out of the relit-roll, the sum of three shillings and four-pence, ' and po more, shall be paid to the said auditor-general, and if upon return of such certificate, and upon examining into the truth of the allegations of such petition by the said court of exchequer in a summary way, it shall appear to the said court, that no quit relit, crown relit, composition relit, or other chief relit, payable to his Majesty, his heirs aftd successors, hath been paid for, and out of such lands, rectory, abbey, priory, mo-nastry lands, tithes, fairs, tenements and hereditaments, or hath been accounted for by the collectors of his Majesty's revenue for the district wherein such lands, rectory, " abbey, monastry lands, tithes, fairs, tenements, and hereditaments lie, within the term of twenty years next before the twenty-ninth day 5f September, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and that no proceedings have be/en had by or on behalf of his Majesty, for recovery of such relit, within the said twenty years, then and in such case the said court of exchequer is hereby authorized and empowered to make an order, that the said lands, rectory, abbey, priory, monastry lands, tithes, fairs, tenements, and hereditaments, mentioned in such petition, andjthe persons who from time to.time respectively held and enjoyed the same, shall be absolutely freed and discharged off and from all such rents and arrears due, or in arrear at any time before the said twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, and shall order the said auditor general to give in charge such growing rents, as the said lands, rectory, abbey, priory, monastry lands, tithes, fairs, tenements, or hereditaments, shall appear to be chargeable with, which shall become due Auditor gene- from and after the said twenty-ninth day of September, one for*£^ thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to the collector of from 2/sept.*the district where such lands, rectory, abbey, pniory, monas-1799, to cohec-try lands, tithes, fairs, tenements, or hereditaments lie, to thetori* intent that the same be duly collected for the future, and that such order shall be an effectual discharge against his Majesty, his heirs and successors, as to such arrears, and if it shall appear to the said court of exchequer in manner aforesaid, that no quit relit, crown relit, composition relit, or other chief relit payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, hath been paid for or out of such lands, rectory, abbey, priory, monastry lands, tithes, fairs, tenements, and hereditaments, or hath been accounted for to the collector of his -

Majesty's revenue, for the district wherein such lands, rectory, priory, monastry lands, tithes, fairs, tenements, and hereditaments lie, within the term of twenty years next before the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, but that proceedings have been had by or 'on behalf of his Majesty, for recovery of such Where no relit rent within the said twenty years, then and in such case the

R2

said

SCO The Fortieth Year of George III.

jean, but pro- Mud court of exchequer is hereby authorized and empowered to make an order on such petition, that the said lands, rec-cen tory, abbey, priory, monastry lands, tithes, fain, tenements

or hereditaments, mentioned in such petition, and die persons who from time to time respectively held and enjoyed the same, shall be absolutely freed and discharged off and from all such rents and arrears due and in arrear, at any time before the said twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and shall order the said auditor general to give in charge such growing rents as the said lands, rectory, abbey, priory, monastry lands, tithes, fairs, tenements, ot hereditaments, shall appear t<fbe charged or chargeable with, which shall become due from and after the said twenty-ninth doy of September, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, to the collector or collectors of the district where such lands, rectory, abbey, priory, monastry lands, tithes, fairs, tenements, or hereditaments, do lie, to the intent that the same may be duly collected for the future, and that such order shall be an effectual discharge against his Majesty, his heirs and successors, as to such arrears.

II. And whereas it may tend to the discovery of such lands, rectory, abbey, priory, monastry lands, tithes, fairs, tenements, or hereditaments, as have been returned by the said collectors as not to be found as aforesaid, if persons who shall discover the same, so as to enable his Majesty, his heirs and Reward to successors, to recover the rents payable thereout, and arrears penom di*co- thereof, shall be entitled to a reward for so doing; wherefore JS^subkctto k* exacted, That any person or persons who shall effectu-ottit reotaT&c. Hy discover any lands, rectory, abbey, priory, monastery Ac. not being lands, tithes, fairs, tenements, or hereditaments, so in ar-proprietors. rear, of the quit relit, crown relit, composition relit, or other chief relit, payable thereout to his Majesty as aforesaid, and which has been returned by the said collectors as not to be found as aforesaid, other than the proprietor or proprietors, or other person or persons subject' to the payment of such relit, so as that such relit or rents in arrear be recovered, such person or persons making such discovery, shall be entitled to one moiety of such arrear as shall be recovered, provided that such moiety shall not exceed the sum of twenty pounds.

CHAP.

by The Fortieth Year of George III.

961

CHAP. LXXI.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act passed in the thirty-seventh Year of his present Majesty, entitled, An Act to prevent the vexatious impounding of Cattle for trespass or Damage Feasant, and for the effec* tual preserving of Meares and Fences.

Whereas injuries are frequently sustained by vexatious PrtambU. impounding of cattle for trespass or damage feasant; and whereas great inconveniencies happen and disputes arise, on account of the insufficiency of meares and fences; and whereas an act passed in this kingdom in tile # thirty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act to prevent the vexatious impounding of cattle for Tmpa^tct S7 trespass or damage feasant, and for the effectual preserving of insufficient!13 meares andfences, is now in force in this kingdom, but the regulations therein contained are found insufficient to remedy the injuries and inconveniencies before mentioned, and some further regulations are necessary to settle the disputes arising about trespass, and mearesand fences, be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That' from and immediately after the passing of this act, whenever any cattle, beast or beasts, shall be distrained for trespass or damage feasant, it shall and may be lawful for any justice of the peace residing Justice# may in the parish where such distress shall be taken, or in any take security, parish lmnlediately adjoining thereto, upon complaint being

made thereof, to take security for the trespass demanded, deliver cattle, and immediately to issue an order under his hand and seal to &c. &c, the pound-keeper, or other person in whose custody such cattle, beast, or beasts may be, to deliver the same to the owner, upon being paid the sum demanded, together with sucl\usual fee as such pound-keeper is by law or custom entitled to demand, and to summon within twenty-four hours the parties concerned before him, and to require each party to name one land-holder residing in such parish, or some parish immediately adjoining thereto, as arbitrators, to t#

appraise and value the damage done; and in case the arbi- v^uetkedL* trators shall not agree, such justice may name any third per- ma^e# don* son as umpire, which arbitrators or umpire, as the case may be, so appointed, shall proceed to value the damage done, and shall make a true award according tQ the best of their skill and judgment upon oath, which oath such justice is hereby authorized and required to administer, and shall certify

*6*

The Fortieth Year of George I1L

Parties may

appoint one landholder M arbitrator.

If partita do not attend, justices may

Penalty on pound-keeper for not doing at hereby directed.

Treble value of damages done by twine

tify the same under his or their hands to such Justice of the peace, who upon receipt of such certificate, shall issue an order to the pound-keeper, or other person in whose custody such cattle, beast or beasts may be, to pay over to the person sustaining the damage, the sum so awarded, and return to the owner of the cattle the overplus, if any shall remain provided always, that if the parties concerned shall agree to appoint one landholder, as aforesaid, as arbitrator, to value the damage done, it shall and may be lawful for such justice of the peace, upon receiving the award of such arbitrator, certified under his hand, to proceed in like manner as if it were the award of two arbitrators.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons, at whose suit such distress shall have been taken, shall refuse or neglect to obey such summons, or to appoint such arbitrators as required, such justice of the peace may proceed to hear the cause in a summary manner, and may order such cattle, beast or beasts to be delivered to the owner, paying the pound-keeper the usual and accustomed fees.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any pound-keeper, or other person in whose custody such cattle, beast or beasts shall be, shall refuse or neglect to deliver up such cattle, boast or beasts, upon being served with such order, and being tendered the sum therein specified, together with the usual fees, or shall deliver such cattle, beast or beasts to the owner without such justice's order, or paying the sum demanded for trespass, he, she, or they shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five pounds over and above the sum demanded for trespass, to be levied by distress and sale of his, her, or their goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal of any justice of the peace for the county in which such offence shall be committed, for the use of the county infirmary,

IV. And be it further enacted, That if^any swine, not having an iron ring or staple in the nose, shall be impounded

Not to extend to cattle dir t rained to

widbopt rimjT ^or tre8Pa*8 or damage feasant, the person or persons owning or stapieem* such swine shall be liable to pay treble the rolue of the da-their noses, mage done by such swine, which the aforesaid arbitrators or umpire, as the case may be, shall award.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to

________ authorize or empower any justice of the peace to issue any

to order as aforesaid, if it snail appear that such cattle, beast or for or 5eaS|g# were distrained for the purpose of ascertaining the title to any land or lands, or for relit.

Justice* at a.

VL. And whereas great inconveniencies arise from there sesaiou to fix not being any legal fixed rates of trespass, be it therefore and alter occa- enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the justices of

the several general quarter sessions held for4

" craps* f

The Fortieth Year of George III. 268

the several districts in each county, from time to time, to fix and alter, as occasion may require, the several rates of trespass to be paid for each and every horse, mare or gelding, mule or ass, black beast, bull, ram, sheep, goat or pig, respect being had to the season of the year and state of the land trespassed upon; provided always, that nothing herein contained shall prevent any person from recovering greater damage if awarded by arbitrators as aforesaid.

VII. And whereas great frauds are practised by persons TreWc fatc$ to who do not occupy any land, keeping cattle and grazing be paid for them on the sides of the road; belt enacted therefore by damages, by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for

any person or persons distraining such cattle for trespass, or Md°who^Qa* damage feasant, to charge treble the affixed rate of tres-cattle graze on pass; and also that it shall and may be lawful for any jus- «Mes of road, tice of the peace, to whom complaint is made, upon proof of the damage by arbitrators as aforesaid, to order as aforesaid treble damage to be paid by the owners of such cattle.

VIII. And whereas many trespasses and disputes happen in consequence of the insufficiency of meares and fences of

land, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, Complaint to be That if it shall appear to any proprietor, occupier, or te- made to justice* nant of any lands within this kingdom, that the meares and fences between his, her, or their lands, and the lands next insufficient, adjoining thereto are insufficient, and that he, she, or they shall be desirous of repairing the same, and shall complain thereof to any justice of peace as aforesaid, it shall and be

may be lawful for such justice of peace to summon the pro- done by justices prietor or proprietors, occupier or occupiers, tenant or te-^wcb ca, e#' nants of such adjoining lands, and to require him, her, or them, with the person or persons so complaining, to appoint arbitrators as aforesaid; and in case such arbitrators shall not agree, then such justice may appoint an umpire to ascertain the state of such meares ana fences, and to make a division thereof in cases where ho division has been heretofore made, which arbitrators and umpire respectively, shall Arbitrators to.be sworn to do justice between the parties to the best of their be sworn, skill and judgment, (which oath such justice of the peace is hereby auworized to administer) and if such person so appointed shall find that such fences are insufficient, they shall also estimate what sum of money will be necessary effectually to repair the same, and also what proportion thereof ought to be paid by each party respectively, and also what proportion of such meares and fences ought to be kept in repair respectively by each party, and they shall certify the same to such justice, who upon receipt of such certificate, may issue an order under his hand ana seal to each party to repair such meares and fences, stating in such order the proportion of expences that each party is to be at in repairing JSSSitor^lr6 the same, as also the proportion of such meares and fences meant and

as

V

fences. Proportion of expence shall be recovered u

Persons who refuse to repair mearet &od fences shall have no remedy for trespasses committed by their neighbours cattle, but they shall pay treble rates.

Tenants at will] may deduct sums so paid out of relit.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

as each party respectively are to keep in repair, and if either party shall refuse, or for the space of three months neglect to repair his, her, or their proportion of such meares and fences, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful for the party who shall be willing so to do, to proceed to repair the whole of such meares ana fences, and the party having refused or neglected as aforesaid, shall pay to the person or persons who shall have repaired the same, or who shall have paused the same to be repaired, such proportion of the expence of repairing them as such arbitrators or umpire shall nave certified to such justice that such person or persons ought to have paid towards repairing the same, to be recovered by distress and sale of nis, her, or their goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice, or by civil pill, in manner as directed by an act passed in the thirty-sixth year of his present Majesty's reigjn, entitled, An act for the better and more convenient administration of justice, and for the recovery of small debts in a summary way at the sessions of the peace of the several counties at large toil/: in the kingdom, except the county of Dublin, and for Continuing ana amending an act for the better execution of the law a id preservation of the peace within the counties at targe, with double costs; provided such sum does not exceed in the whole the sum of twenty pounds; and provided also, that such sum shall not exceed the rate of two shillings per perch for each and every perch to be so repaired, and provided also, that the same shall appear to have been really and bona fide expended, and to be a just and reasonable charge.

IX. And be it enacted, That any person refusing or neglecting to repair such meares and fences as aforesaid, shall have no remedy for any involuntary trespass committed by the cattle of the proprietor, occupier, or tenant of any neighbouring land, for any trespass on his, her, or their land, occasioned by his, her, or their default, in mending, procuring, or keeping in repair his, her, or their part of such meares or fences; and if the cattle of such person or persons shall trespass on the neighbouring land, they shall be liable to pay treble trespass, and the arbitrator or arbitrators, or umpire as aforesaid, shall award accordingly.

X. And where^ the tenant or occupier of such land, who shall be obliged by this act to repair such meares and fences, or to pay for the same, may be only tenant at will or sufferance; be it further enacted, That every person or persons compellable by this act to repair such meares pr fences, or to pay for the same, who shall be only tenant at will or sufferance at the time he shall be so compelled, then and in such case such tenant shall be, and is hereby empowered to deduct out of the relit due, payable to his, her, or their landlord, what he, she, or they, shall haye so laid out, expended.

The Fortieth Year of George-JII.

S6*

pended, or paid, and such landlord shall, and is hereby required to allow the same, such tenant first proving on oath before some justice of the peace for the county where such lands lie (which oath such justice is hereby empowered to administer) what he, she, or they so laid out, expended, or paid, provided such sum does not exceed, in the whole, the sum which the arbitrators, as aforesaid, awarded that such person or persons ought to pay towards repairing such meares and fences; provided always, that nothing herein contained Not to avoid shall extend, or be construed to extend, to avoid any cove- covenants be-nants or contracts made between landlord and tenant for tvrf*n landlord fencing, ditching, draining, or enclosing lands. tenant*

XI. And whereas farms and lands are often divided by Disputes arise double ditches, and disputes frequently arise relative to the relative to dour property of such double ditches; and whereas it would tend ble ditche#:

to the improvement of such lands, and prevent disputes, if the tops of such double ditches were planted with timber'trees, be it therefore enacted, That from and after the pas- occupiers of sing of this kct, it shall and may be lawful for the occupiers lands at each

of lands at either side of such double ditches, to plant them

_.7_r. trees in double

with timber trees for their mutual benefit, and at their mu- ditches.

tual expence; and if either party shall refuse to pay his proportion of the expence of planting such ditches, as aforesaid, having been demanded in writing so to do, it shall be lawftd for the other party, in twelve months after such notice being served, to plant all such double ditches, and to convert to his or her use all such timber trees as shall be planted thereon, and registered pursuant to the Statute.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Party planting the party so planting to impound any beast caught trespass- may empound ing on any part of such double ditch, and recover damages as o^dwIEiedUch. on other lands.

XIII. And whereas in many places where manor courts N0t to extend are held agreeable to charter, it is unnecessary that the pro- to where manor visions of this act Should extend, be it therefore enacted by court* are held, the authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to affect the rights of manor, where manor courts are held agreeable to charter.

XIV. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons A.shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by the geSloni determination of such justice, it shall and may be lawful final, for such person or persons to appeal to the next sessions of the peace for the county, town, or city in which such distress was taken, and the justices of the peace at such sessions may affirm or reverse the order of such justice of the peace with such costs as they shall think proper, which decision shall be final between the parties, to all intents and purposes, and that no writ of certiorari, or other writ or process shall be allowed for removal of such proceeding into any of his Majesty's superior courts of record.

to q. ion* »kall be

The fortieth Year of George III.

XV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no magistrate shall take any fee for any thing which he shall do by virtue of this act.

CHAP. LXXII.

An Act for the better Regulation of Trials by Jury, in the Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer during Term9 and in the Sittings after Term.

[Preamble.]

Whereas the county of the city of Dublin contains many persons qualified to serve as jurors, but from the carelessness and misconduct of the sheriffs, under sheriff, coroner, or other officer to whom the summoning and returning of jurors legally belongs, the burthen of serving upon juries falls upon a few, to their great- grievance and oppression; be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that no person shall be sum-No 'penon shall mone<l and returned to serve on any jury or juries, in be summoned on more than one of his Majesty's courts of King's bench, -com-a jury "i more mon pleas, or exchequer, during the same term, or the re-termj spective sittings after term of the said courts. And it shall or sittings after and may be lawful for any judges or judge who shall preside h- in any, or either of the said courts during term, or their '

sittings after term, to which the said person is so summoned and returned to serve as a juror, to examine in a summary manner into the fact of such second summons or return, and upon proof thereof the said judges or judge are, or is Sheriffs may be hereby required and empowered to fine the jsaid sheriff^, sub-raond°sum- sheriff, coroner, or other person, in a sum not exceeding moos. iUm" ten pounds, nor less than forty shillings sterling, for every such offence.

IL. And be it enacted, That no sheriff, sub-sheriff, coro-, Sheriffs, &c. ner, or other officer, shall summon or return any person who mon a m?rson- has served as a juror in the court of King's bench, common who served in pleas, or exchequer, or their respective sittings after term, k. b. c. p. or ex. for the space of two terms after such his service, and if any Swiervice.8 S1HC^ sheriff, under-sheriff, coroner, or other person shall offend herein, that it shall and may be lawful for the judges or judge before whom the said juror is so summoned and returned, and they or he are and is hereby required and empowered to fine such sheriffs, under-sheriff, coroner, or other officer in any sum not exceeding ten pounds, nor less than Not to prevent five pounds; provided that nothing in this act contained shall cbdiufi 8pC- exten(* to prevent persons when struck to serve on special J juries, notwithstanding they shall have served during the

time limited.

IH. And

266

No fee to magistrates

The Fortieth Year of George III.

267

IQ. And be it enacted, That the sheriffs, under-sheriff, coroner, or other officer to whom the returning or summoning a jury may belong, shall from time to time enter and Sheriffs, &c. to register in a book to be kept for that purpose, the names of o^r^ns^o the persons who shall be summoned and returned as jurors ^i^asjurors? on trials had and held during term in the courts of King's bench, common pleas, or exchequer, and the respective sittings of such courts after term, together with their additions and places of abode alphabetically arranged.

IV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for every

person who has been summoned or served as aforesaid, to ceAificatei demand a certificate from the sheriff, under sheriff, coroner, to persons who or other officer of such his attendance, which certificate the have>een s'im" said sheriff, under sheriff, coroner, or other officer shall give or Ve without fee or reward.

V. And be it enacted, That upon any neglect or refusal

of the said sheriff, under sheriff, coroner or other officer, to penajtie8 for hand over such book to their successor or successors, upon not handing summary examination, and proof made to the court of king's over such books bench, the court shall fine the party so offending, in any sum

not exceeding five hundred, nor less than fifty pounds; no^giving'cer-and if the said sheriff, under-sheriff, coroner, or other officer, tificate*. shall refuse to give any person summoned, or returned to serve as a juror, a certificate of his service as a juror, upon summary examination and proof made to the court in which the said person served as a juror, of such neglect or refusal, it shall and may be lawful, and the said court is hereby required to fine the said sheriff, under sheriff, coroner, or other officer, in any sum not more than twenty, nor less than five pounds, to be paid in open court to the party aggrieved and complaining.

VI. And whereas special juries are frequently applied for in small or trivial causes; be it enacted, That the person

or party who shall apply for a special jury, shall not only Fee#

bear the fees for striking such jury, but shall also pay and {^persons who

discharge all the other expences occasioned by the trial of the apply for special

cause by such special jury, and shall not have any further

allowance for the same, upon taxation of costs, than such ierfio.C*"

party would be entitled unto in case the cause had been tried

by a common jury, unless the judge, before whom the cause

is tried shall immediately after the trial certify in court, under his hand, upon the back of the record, that the same was a

cause proper to be tried by a special jury.

VII. And whereas the burthen of serving upon < special n 2#^to^juries falls generally upon a few individuals, and it is rea- p^d to each fltonable that they Should be allowed and paid for such their special juror-service; be it enacted, That each person who has served on a

special jury shall be allowed and paid by the party applying for such jury, the sum of one pound two shillings ana nine* pence,

The Fortieth Year of George III.

In foree from

VIII. And be it enactedr That this act shall be in twmfIfterTrt1 ^orce ^rom first day of the next term after the passing Aug/isoo. hereof.

CHAP. LXXHL

An Act for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the thirty* second Year of his Majesty's Reign, for repairing and preserving the Walls of the River Anna Liffey, in the City of Dublin, as imposes an additional Rate or Tax of two Shit* lings for each Foot of Ground, Part of the South Lots on the Front of Sir John Roger son's Quay, in said Act specified.

Whereas by an act passed in the thirty-second year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An Act for repairing and preserving the walls of the river Anna Liffey, in the city of By recited act Dublin, and for amending an act passed in the twenty-sixth 32 G. s, addi-year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An Act for promoting peri foot ^Wksto ira^e of Dublin, by rendering its port and harbour more

be paid for part commodious, it is enacted, That the corporation for preserving of ftouthlots. and improving the port of Dublin* Should, out of the first

herein described mon jgg that Should arise from the duties and taxes therein granted, pay unto his Majesty's treasury such sum as Should appear to have been laid out in the stopping of a breach in the south wall of Sir John Rogerson's quay, pursuant to an address of the house of commons to the then lord lieutenant in the then session of parliament; and it is also enacted, That in order to enable the said corporation to pay such sum }nto his Majesty's treasury, that part of the south lots adjoining to the said south quay wall, situate in the front of Sir John Rogerson's quay, aforesaid, bounded on the west by that part of the estate of the right honourable Luke, late viscount Mountjoy, and John Bowes Benson, esquire, then or theretofore in the possession of Charles Edward Mayne, esquire, or his under-tenants, and on the east adjoining the river Dodder, and which said parts of the said south lots were then in the possession-of certain persons in said acts mentioned, or their under-tenants, under the said lord Mount* joy, and part of which fronted the said part of the said south wall, in which the said breach happened, Should, from the passing of the said act stand charged and chargeable with, and that every person who Should be occupier, or in any / manner be in possession of the said parts or the said south

lots, Should yearly pay to the said corporation and their successors, over and above the other rates and payments before made payable thereout, by the said act, the further and additional sum of two shillings, for each foot; until such time as

*he

The Fortieth Year George III. 26$

the whole of the said sum so laid out in the stopping of the It i* reasonable aforesaid breach, Should be fully paid in to the said corpora- uabie tosaid tien, and their successors: And whereas it now appears that tax, Should be it would be reasonable that the persons now liable-to the said relieved, tax, and all other persons, owners, or occupiers of the said

f>art of the south lots herein before described, Should be re-ieved from so much of the said additional tax of two shillings by the foot, imposed by said recited act, as shall hereafter become due: Wherefore be it enacted by the King's $ milcll of^most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent act as charges of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, foot, u hereby That so much of the said act as charges the said further and repealed, save additional sum of two shillings sterling, for each and every ^.toai^)^r2s4<il, # foot which the said part of the said south lots so described jJ^e^1799, and in the said act contains, or which makes any person or per-.powers for re-sons liable to the payment thereof; and also such part ofcovering same, said act as directs the corporation for improving and preserving the port of Dublin, to pay out of the first monies that shall arise from the duties therein mentioned, into his Majesty's treasury, the sum laid out in stopping the breach therein mentioned, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed, save as to the said additional sum of two shillings, which became due and in arrear, on or before the twenty-fourth day of June, in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, or hath been paid, and as to the powers and remedies by the said act given, for recovering and levying so much of the said additional sum of two shillings as became due and in arrear, on or before the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine i provided always that nothing herein contained shall be construed, deemed, or taken to hinder or obstruct the payment of all and every other tax by the said act imposed on any part of the said ground, in said act mentioned.

CHAP#

' by

no

Recital circular road acts 17 & 18 G, 3, and 25 0, 9.

Said acts are insufficient.

Gate-keepers were empowered to receive encreased tolls by recited act of 25 G- 3. Produce of said encreased tolls is fpund insufficient

The Fortieth Year of George III.

CHAP. LXXIV.

An Act to amend and render more effectual the Lotos now in Force for making and keeping in Repair a Circular Road round the City of Dublin.

Whereas an act passed in this kingdom in the seventeenth and eighteenth years of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An Act for making and keeping in repair a circular road round the city of Dublin; and one other act passed in this kingdom in the twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An Act to explain and amend an act made in the seventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An act for making and keeping in repair a circular road round the city of Dublin; and whereas the said acts have been found insufficient for the purposes for which they were intended, and the tolls mentioned and prescribed by the said acts do not produce sufficient to defray the rents, salaries, and expences to which the said road, and the trustees thereof, are subject and liable; and whereas by the said last mentioned act it is recited, that the juries impannelled to value the grounds necessary to be enclosed for the said road, had rated and valued them altogether at an annual relit of four hundred and forty-eight pounds nine shillings and three pence; and that the said trustees, pursuant to the powers vested in them, had raised and borrowed the sum of one thousand one hundred and fifty pounds, to enable them to lay out and make the said road, for which they paid an annual interest of five pounds per centum9 maxing with the said relit the annual sum of five hundred and five pounds, nineteen shillings and three pence; and that the tolls received at the several gates, after paying the expences of collecting them, had not produced, upon an average, more than four hundred and twelve pounds eleven shillings and four pence annually; and by the said last mentioned act, the trustees in the said act mentioned, or the gate keepers or receivers by them, or any seven or more of them appointed in manner therein mentioned, were empowered to demand and receive the encreased tolls in the said act mentioned; and whereas notwithstanding the encrease of the said tolls, the produce of them, after deducting the expence of collection, is found insufficient to pay the said relit, salaries, and expence of repairs, and it is necessary that the said tolls Should be further encreased, and the funds arising therefrom more carefully and economically applied; and whereas inconvenience arises from the great number of

trustees

The Fortieth Year of George III. 271

trustees created by the said act, and from the number which inconvenience by the said act is requisite to form a ^quorum, and it is adviseable that there Should be fewer trustees, and that a trustees; smaller number Should be a quorum, and be empowered to act, be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, t and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it ^ointedb shall and may be lawful for the lord lieutenant or other chief i. Heutenantor governor of Ireland for the time being, or for his chief secre- chief sec. tary, within one month after the passing of this act, to nominate and appoint by writing under his hand and seal, twelve fit ana sufficient persons, of whom the lord high chancellor of Ireland, the lord chief justice of the king's bench of Ireland, the lord chief justice of the common pleas of Ireland, the lord chief baron of the exchequer of Ireland, and the chancellor of the exchequer of Ireland, for the time being, shall be five to be directors of the said road, and so from time to time, during the continuance of this act, as often as a vacancy or vacancies shall happen in the said number of twelve directors, by death or otherwise, t(f nominate and appoint one or more fit and sufficient person or persons to fill said vacancy or vacancies, the lord high chancellor, chief justice of the king's bench, chief justice of the common pleas, chief baron of the exchequer, and chancellor of the exchequer, as aforesaid, for the time being, being always five, so that the same number of twelve directors shall be always complete and full, which persons so appointed- directors, or any three of them, snail, during the time for which they shall be appointed to act as directors, have the Directorate entire and sole ordering, direction, and management of the have sole ma-said road, and they, or any three or more of them, are^'^ hereby vested with all and singular the powers and autho- have same rities, rights and privileges, which by the said recited acts powers as vested and trustees therein named, or any seven or more of them, ^ormer tru8- were invested with, and shall be completely, to all intents and purposes in their room and stead, and thereupon all such powers and authorities, rights and privileges as the said trustees, or any of them had, or might have had thereunder, shall cease and determine.

II. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Road divided and for the directors of the said road, or any three or more "rt0 northern of them, to order and direct that the said road shall from and ern

during such time as they shall name and appoint be divided into two divisions, one commencing at the bridge over the river Anna Liffey, called Sarah bridge, and lying to the northward of the said river, and the other of the said divisions commencing at the said bridge, and lying to the south- Three director* ward of the said river, and that there shall from such time SiistoEe^aid be paid for every coach, landau, chaise, phaeton, cabriole, not exceeding

curricle,

fit The Fortieth, Temr g/' George III.

KriMiir

warn, cart, car, or other car-" riage, bone, warnre, gcJding, mm, male, or other beast of mx burthen, ox, or ether neat cattle, calf, bog, sheep or lamb,*r.*V" P* such ieis as the three ton of said road, or any three or more ef then shal direct ad ^poiat, not exceeding the rates after Mentioned, with all such and the Eke powers for enforcing lad conceiting payment, proceeding against persons eroding or anatting to pay, and penalty for forcing a passage wiihat paying the same, m are prescribed with respect to the tab new parable on the mid road;

payable on the

provided that

to pay any tol on each dmsion of the said once in the same day, consisting of twenty-fonrhows, to be computed from trehe o'clock at night, fa lidft o'clock the following night, with the same catt/e and carnage, bat that every person having paid the said toll in any one division may, daring the remainder of the said day paas and repan toll free through every pay gate in the same mrinoas, with the same cattle and carnage, oa producing a ticket, denoting the payment of the toll, and provided that the tolls to be ascertained and appointed on both divisions r by the said directors shall not exceed the tolls after mentioned for the same cattle or carriage in any eoe day, that is to say, for every conch, landau, chaise, phaeton, cabriole or curricle, if drawn by six horses, or other bemts, the sum of three shillings and three pence; if drawn by a less number than six, and more than two horses, or other hearts, the sum of two shillings and two pence; and if drawn by only two horses or other beasts, the sum of one liltorckli1 dulling ana one penny; for every carriage, commonly called Jkc-dnrwn bj*i.*chaise, or chair drawn by only one horse or other beast, Sa. jd for z the sun of sixpence halfpenny; for every dray, such asareusu-

*Hy used by brewers, if the wheels thereof be of a less breadth m on the sole than four inches each, the sum of five shillings and

*d. fora

and 6 horses. »k id it lew tkt«, and than 2.

with wheel* i

10*. far a war- five pence; for every waggon, wain, or cart with four wheels, the sum of ten shillings; n with only two wheels and drawn by sL 5d.with 2 two cc nK>re horses or other beasts, the sum of five shillings wheeU, and i or and fire-pence; for every cart or car drawn only by one ^cLfor^a 5 w beast, the sum of one shilling and one penny;

or car wkh* i* ^or every horse, mare, gelding, mule or ass, laden or unhorse; laden, and not drawing, the sum of two-pence; for every

adL for a hone, drove of oxen or other neat cattle, the sum of three shillings Oxen 3* 4d. a four-pence by the score, and so in proportion for any core., loser number; for every drove of calves, hogs, sheep or i^sd*atcore. ^anl^s* the sum of one shilling and eight-pence by the score, and so in proportion for any lesser number.

III. And be it enacted, That the said directors, or any demU^toUs^or three or more of them may, and they are hereby empowered 5 yean, a* at any meeting to be held, to demise the tolls of such roads

herein* for any term not exceeding five years, at the best, and highest

relit that can be got for the same, (having previously adverse tised

The Fortieth Year o/* George III.

273

tised the same for at least twenty days before in some public Dublin newspaper) by indenture or indentures duly executed by any five or more of the said directors, they taking good and sufficient security for the payment of the reserved reiit, and the lessee or lessees duly executing counterparts of said deed or deeds.

IV. And whereas several persons entitled to receive rents for parts of the said road, have not been enabled to recover or receive the same, be it enacted, That if any of the said ptT#2!1810* v «.

i , ...*ii1 whom relit

rents shall at any time be in arrear, or unpaid by the space be due may of six months after the same ought to be paid, it shall and apply to chan-may be lawful for the person or persons entitled to receive cer^ or ^5^ % such relit or rents, to apply by petition to the court of chan- receiver apl*eery, or court of exchequer in this kingdom, stating the relit pointed, due, and praying that a receiver may be appointed to receive the tolls of the said road, or a sufficient part thereof; and in case the same, or any part thereof be in lease or demised, to receive the rents thereof, or of a competent part thereof, in order to discharge the said relit and arrears, and such court to whom such petition shall be preferred, shall, upon such petition and affidavits of the amount of relit due, and of the service of a copy of such petition upon the treasurer of said road, ten days previous to such application, make an order on the directors, or any three of them, or treasurer of said road, to shew cause why such receiver Should not be apointed, and if no sufficient cause be shewn, shall appoint such receiver, and order that the tolls of the said road, or a competent part thereof, or the receipts thereof, or a competent part thereof, be paid to such receiver, and the said receiver thereupon shall have full power and authority to re- Powers of receive and collect said tolls* and appoint gate -keepers, if the ceive.T he same shall be necessary, or continue the old one, and also appo power and authority to receive the said rents thereof, or a competent part thereof, or to proceed for recovery of the same against the lessee or lessees thereof, by all ways and means that the said directors, or any three of them might, and in his own name, and for this purpose the said court shall order the said directors, or any three of them, to hand over to said receiver (the person or persons petitioning giving security to return the same when ordered) the counterparts of any lease or leases that may therefore be required, and also any security or securities passed or perfected on account of such lessee or lessees, and to indorse their names therein, which endorsement shall enable said receiver to sue in his own name on the said instruments so indorsed at law or in equity, as fully as the said* directors or any three of them might have done, and it shall be sufficient to state in any pleading at law or in equity the import of said order, and the said indorsement, and the said court shall order the said court shall receiver to account from time to time, and pay over all sum order receiver Vol. XII. S and

*7*

The Fortieth Year of Creorge III.

toaceoont and gums of money he shall have received, deducting there* tag f£Tta ta^ct* out fees at the rate of one shilling in the pound for all sums pound. which he shall have received, to the person or persons so petitioning, his or their representatives or assigns, until the amount of the relit and arrears due at the time of preferring such petition, and that shall have thereafter become due, together with the full costs of such proceedings to enforce the payment thereof, shall be paid and discharged, and thereupon Court may order the said court may order, on petition of the said directors, removed 'when or any t^ree of them, and an affidavit, stating that all rents, requisites herein costs, and so fourth, have been fully paid, and that the said directed are per- petition has been duly served ten days before on the person formed. or persohs whose prayer the said receiver was appointed,

or to whomsoever the said relit shall then belong, if the fact shall so appear to said court, that the receiver be removed, and that all deeds and instruments handed or endorsed over to him, be restored to the said directors, or any three of them.

V. And whereas the city of Dublin has in several places extended to, and in others extends beyond the said circular road, and it would add much to the advantages of the said road and beauty of the said city, if the directors of the said road were empowered to change the present road, and lay out such new lines of road as may be advisable, in consequence of the extension of the buildings of said city, be it enacted, That it 5 Directors may shall and may be lawful for the directors of the said road, or

oI+jm* thp nrmilar n " /*!_ i, 1 \ -

any five or more of them, by and with the consent and approbation of the of for making wide and convenient streets, ways, and passages in the city of Dublin, to alter and change such part arid parts of the present road, called the circular road round the said city, as they shall judge advisable, and to lay out a new road in place of the part or parts of said road that shall be shut up or rendered useless by such change, and to ascertain, describe, and set apart such proportion and portions of the lands lying wherfc such new road is to run, as to the said directors, or any three or more of them, with the consent aforesaid, and of the proprietor or proprietors, owner or owners, occupier, or occupiers of the said ground, to be used for the said road, shall judge necessary, for the laying out such new rpad, and to fence the sides thereof, and open and make the same as and for the high road, and that from such time and times as the said new roa^l shall be opened and Old road vested made passable, the part or parts of the said old road, in place c" °ier8eof or °C" W^1C^ sue^ new roa<^ ke made, shall become the

ground given for property of, and be vested in the owner or owners, occupier, new road. or occupiers of the ground given for the said new road, for, such and the like term and interest as be, she or they had in the Said ground so given for the said road, mid that such person and persons shall have all and the like remedies for en-- forcing payment of relit for the said ground, a? any person

The city extends beyond said road, in several plates;

Alter the circular road, with approbation of of of wide streets.

Approbation of proprietors of ground.

27&

The Fortieth Year of George III.

or persons had, might, or could or may have, with respect to the value or relit of any of the grounds at present occupied by the present road.

VI. And be it enacted* That so soon as the said new road tnd

shall be opened and passable, the directors of the said road, cr^edon* or any three or more of them, shall and may erect pay-gates new road, and toll-houses, and demand and receive like tolls for passing

through such gates, as they can or may do on the present road, and with like remedies for recovery of and enforcing the payment thereof.

VII. And be it enacted, That the said directors shall and Exp«nces of

may out of the produce of the tolls of the said road, pay and ouVoftouT discharge the expences of procuring this present act, and of and tMs and° carrying the same into execution, and that this act and the 17 & is G. s. said recited acts of the seventeenth and eighteenth, and of al?acts re-the twenty-fifth years of his present Majesty, and all other Sling to said* acts relating to said road, shall be, and continue to be in force road shall con-until repealed by any future act or acts of parliament, save re-

as the same are hereby altered or repealed, any thing herein p

and in the said recited acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it likewise enacted, That this shall be a A public act. public act.

CHAP. LXXV.

An act to amend an act passed in the third year of his present Majesty, King George the Third, entitled, an act for the better discovery of charitable donations and bequests.

Whereas by order of the house of Lords of this kingdom, Committee ap-in the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, a Pointed in 1764, committee of the said house was appointed to take into con-^J^d|srpfhouse sideration the several charities and charitable donations in this Jungdom, and the said committee was empowered to send for persons, papers, and records, and two of the judges were thereby directed to assist, the said committee discovered several charitable bequests and donations to a great amount which had been withheld, embezzled, and concealed, and caused the same to be sued for, paid, and recovered, and applied to the charitable and pious uses for which they had been originally designed and intended by the donors thereof.

And whereas by the union of Great Britain and Ireland, such committee such committee will be discontinued, and the pious inten-b^the*1" tiens of many charitable persons will be thereby hereafter union, and piou« (as before the said committee was* appointed) defeated by intentions there-x the concealment andmisappli cation of their donations or be-bY def(8ited: ^quests to public and private charities in this kingdom, and it*S 2 is

276 The Fortieth Year of George III.

is expedient and necessary that some public body Should be'constituted $nd appointed to watch over such cnarities and

bequests, and to enforce the application of them to the purposes designed and intended by the pious donors thereof; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that the several archbishops and bishops of this kingdom for the time being, the lord high described shSl c^an.ce^or Ireland, the chief judges, and the other judges be commission- Majesty's courts of king's bench, common pleas, and

ert for charita- exchequer of Ireland, for the time being, the judge or com-bld1^nati0D8'i m^ssary Majesty's court of prerogative in Ireland, the from i^an ?80i provost of the college of the holy and undivided Trinity, and shall be a 'near Dublin, the dean of the cathedral church of saint Pat-body politic, rick, in the city of Dublin, and the vicar general of the c* c diocese of Dublin, all for the time being, the several incumbents of the several parishes within the city of Dublin, and the liberties thereof, for the time being, shall from and after the first day of January, in the year one thousand eight hundred and one, be one body politic and corporate, by the name of the commissioners of charitable donations and bequests, and shall have and use a common seal, to be by them from time to time appointed.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said of and their successors, by the name aforesaid, may sue, and they are hereby empowered to sue in every court in this kingdom, either of law or equity, for the Comissioners recovery of every charitable donation or bequest, which may may sue for cha-or shall be withheld, concealed, or misapplied; and to apply same w^en recovered, to charitable and pious uses, accord-apply them asng to the intention of the donor or donors; or in case it be herein. inexpedient, unlawful, or impracticable to apply the same

strictly according to the directions or intentions of the donor or donors, then to apply the same to such charitable and pious purposes as they shall judge to be nearest and most -conformable to the directions and intentions of the donor or donors, and the said of are hereby authorised and empowered to deduct out of all such charitable donations and bequests as they shall recover, all the costs, charges, and expences which they shall be put to in the suing for, and recovery of the same.

5 to be a <mo-

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

n, m* That any five of said of, of whom an archbishop

or a Wshop.OJ> or bishop of this kingdom is always to be one, shall be a quorum of said corporation, and may for ever hereafter exercise all the powers vested in said corporation by this act.

IV. And whereas it is by the aforesaid act, entitled. An act for the better discovery of charitable donations and bequests, amongst other things enacted, that from-and after the twenty-fifth

277

The Fortieth Year of George III.

twenty-fifth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, the vicar general, or his surrogate, and the register of the prerogative shall make a return to the bishop of the and the register diocese, or to his grace the archbishop of Armagh, respec- ^v^were to5*" tively, on or in every year, at the annual visitation, or be- nuU^tums tween the twenty-fifth day of March, and the twenty-fourth as herein: day of June, in every year, of every charitable donation or bequest contained in any will which shall be entered in the office of such vicar general, surrogate, or register, which return shall likewise contain the name or names of the person or persons to whom a probate of any such will, or letters of administration, with such will annexed, shall be granted with the date of such will, probate, or administration, and that copies of such returns upon oath, shall be lodged, in the beginning of the' succeeding session of parliament, with the clerk of each house. And whereas by the said union it has The union become necessary to alter the said clause in respect to the makea nece*-

garsons with whom the copies of such returns are to be lodged;

e it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the copies of such returns upon oath shall, from and after the first day. of January, in the year one thousand eight hundred and one, be lodged with the secretary of the said of of charitable donations and bequests, and with no other person or persons whatsoever, and that the said copies shall be so lodged with the said secretary, between the first day of July Copies of such mid the first day of November, in every year, and every such ret^rn*»

' officer who shall neglect to make such return as aforesaid, with \^e and who shall neglect or omit to lodge such copy of such secretary to said return with the secretary of said of gs aforesaid, commfcsioners shall forfeit the sum of five pounds sterling, to be recovered by any person who shall sue for the same, by civil bill before hereto mention-any judges of assize, in their respective circuits, jor before any assistant barrister at the general sessions of the peace of w^ou^kct any coiinty in this kingdom, or before the recorder of the city to make suS of Dublin, as the case may require.

CHAP.

278

The Fortieth Year of George III.

CHAP. LXXVL

Vide 45 G. & c.

t^i.^sa, 7 G 3 Art Jbr amending and continuing an Act, passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign, to secure the Collection of the Duties on Paper rriade in Ireland, and to prevent Frauds therein<

[Preamble.]

For securing the duties on paper, paste-board, mill-board, scale-board, paper for hangings, and shearing and sheathing paper, and all button paper or button board made in Ireland, ^tak an< Prevent frauc's therein; be it enacted by the King's

cences* or for- most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and con-feit 5oi. and all sent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons paper and mate- in this present parliament assembled, and by the au- t thority of the same, That no maker of paper, or of - the papers called paste-board, mill-board, scale-board, glazed paper, paper for hangings, or sheathing-paper, button-paper, or button-board, shall make any such paper unless he, she, or they shall have taken out a license for that purpose, from the collector of the district in which his, her, or their mill or mills shall be situated, which license shall set forth his, her, or their name or names, surname or surnames, and the place or places where his, her, or their mill or mills is or are situated; and every such collector is hereby authorized and empowered to grant such license upon receipt of the duty payable thereupon, together with a fee of one shilling for his own use; and if any person shall make any kind of the papers aforesaid, without having taken out such license, such person shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, together with all the paper of any kind, and all materials proper to be made intaany paper, which shall at any time be found in any mill, work-house, ware-house, store-house, room, or other place used in, or for the making, drying, or keeping of any kind of paper for which such license shall not Entries to be have been granted?

made ot every'U. And be it enacted, That every maker of any kind ^useTtore &c. Paper» before he, she, or they shall make any kind of pa-99"per, shall, from time to time, make true and particular entry

in writing, at the office of excise, in the district in which his, her, or their mill or mills shall be situate, of every mill, wprk-house, ware-house, store-house, room, or other place by him or her respectively intended to be made use of, in or for the making or keeping of any paper, or any materials proper to be made into any paper, and of every engine having a plate and roller with metal bars, and of every vat-. press, utensil, and vessel by him, her, or them used, or intend-

The Fortietn Year of George III. £79

ed to be used in or for making any paper, and of the dimensions in length, breadth, and depth of each such engine, vat, press, utensil^ and vessel; and if any such maker shall neglect to make such entry, or shall make any false entry, or make use of any engine, of which such entry shall not huv«< been made, he, she, or they, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, together with all such engines, vats, presses, utensils, and vessels, whereof no such entry or any false entry shall have been made.

III. And be it enacted, That every maker of pap£r, and of the papers called paste-board, mill-board, scaie-board, Monthly dutf glazed paper, paper for hangings, sheathing-paper, button-to be paid ac-paper, 1 or button-board, who shall keep an engine for the c?rdi^sto.^making of any of the said papers, which shall not in the in- Unless thfdutV side exceed in length twelve feet, in breadth five feet, and by weight shaft in depth two feet, shall for each and every calendar month, excef?18l^llt commencing from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thou^mon y u sand eight hundred, be charged with and pay the sum of twenty pounds sixteen shillings and eight pence, as and for dnd in lieu of the duty according to weight of such quantity of such papers, as aforesaid, or some of them, as may , be produced from each such engine within each such months and every such maker shall in like manner for any such engine of greater dimensions than as aforesaid, be charged with* and pay such further sum as shall be in proportion to the quantity that such engine of greater dimensions shall contain over and above the quantity that an engine of sach dimensions, as aforesaid, may contain, as and for the duty of such greater quantity of paper as maybe produced from such engine of greater dimensions, unless the duty chargeable by weight on the quantity of paper made with such engine, and weighed within any such month, shall in either of the said cases exceed the monthly sums herein before directed to be charged in respect of any engine; and in case the duties on the paper of any maker or paper weighed within any such month, as aforesaid, shall exceed the sums, by this act, charged and appointed to be paid in respect of the content of such engines, respectively, within any such month, then and in such case such maker of paper shall be charged with duty according to the several and respective rates imposed on the said several papers weighed within such month, according to the weight thereof; provided always, that vherp it; shall appear on proof made to the satisfaction of the of what shall he; of his Majesty's revenue, that any engine shall have been an^Uiei^em^ employed solely in any year, commencing from the twenty- ployed a year in fifth day of March, in making any paper hot chargeable making paper with a duty exceeding, one halfpenny for every pound weight ^hmorethlm thereof, and that more than one vat, not exceeding the con- per lb. tents of a vessel in length six feet, in breadth five feet, and

in

*to

The Fortieth Year of George III.

in depth four feet, hath not been used or employed with such engine, it shall be lawful for the said of, in all cases where the duties returned in any month on such paper aft aforesaid, as shall be weighed, made within such month, shall not'exceed the rate of one hundred pounds a year, to allow the return for such month to be made for one-twelfth part of the said sum of one hundred pounds, bakers to make

IV. And be it enacted, That the officers of excise shall lectors* which ma^e returns to the collector of the district in which the pa-ghall be charges or null* of any maker of any paper shall be situate, oq paper maker, of the monthly sum hereby directed to be charged, in respect to the engine or engines kept by such maker of paper, or of the duty charged by weight on any paper of such maker weighed Within the month, in case such last mentioned duty shall exceed the sum directed to be charged with respect to such engine or engines, and every such return shall be a'charge on the maker of paper, and every maker of paper

shall be deemed to have made within such month, such quan-

tity of paper as shall be subject to the amount of the duty duty to be paid mentioned in such return; and every maker of paper shall imonths3 within three months, from the twenty-fifth day of every month, pay the duties of excise so returned, or in default thereof shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, and double the amount of the duties returned.

Paper makers to V. And be it enacted, That the entries required by law to ma^e by every maker of paper, in the office of the for? office. c" collector of excise, of the district in which any paper shall be made, by every maker of paper in every six weeks, shall be made monthly, on every twenty-fifth day of each month, and shall comprize the quantities of the several sorts of paper, of such maker of paper, weighed within such month, from the twenty-fifth day of the preceding month, and every maker of every such papers who shall not on the twenty-, fifth day of every month, or within ten days after make such entry, shall for every default forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

Quantity of pa- VI- And be it enacted, That the officers of excise shall, per, and amount in every return of every monthly charge, in which the duty inserted to^re- or sum returne(l in respect of any engine or engines, shall not turns of officers, exceed the duty chargeable on the paper of such maker of paper, weighed within such month, according to the weight thereof, insert in such return the quantity of the several

sorts of paper of such maker weighed within the said month, and the amount of the duty chargeable thereon, according to the weight thereof, and if in any return to be made of the monthly sum hereby directed to be charged on every maker of paper, in respect of any engine or engines, such sum shall be greater than the amount of the duty of all the papers of such maker weighed within the month for which such return shall be made, according to the weight thereof; and If at any

twenty-fifth

The Fortieth Year of George III. 281

twenty-fifth day of March it shall appear that such maker of Allowance to be paper shall, in any month or months within the year ending SSkeratS?of on such twenty-fifth day of March, have been charged with year, when duty for any sort of paper weighed within any month ac- charged in cording to the weight thereof, exceeding the monthly sum "kh^re^uty hereby directed to be charged in respect of each engine than that on kept by him, every such maker of paper shall be allowed, at engines would, the end of the year, so much of the excess of duty as shall 4, 11011111 to* not reduce the whole of the duty within the year, to less than the duty of all sorts of paper of such maker appearing to have been weighed within the year, nor to less than such sum as by this act such maker of paper is made subject to in a year, in respect of each engine kept by him or her.

VII. And be it enacted, That all engines, presses, and au utensils and utensils for making any kind of paper, used in any mill for Paper whereso-the purpose of making any paper, and all paper therein, into b^foble^ whose hands-soever the same shall come, and by whatsoever cise duties and conveyance or title soever the same shall be claimed, shall be penalties, liable and subject to, and are hereby charged with all debts

and duties of excise which shall be in arrear, and owing by any person or persons, for any sort of paper made within such mill, and shall also be subject to all penalties and forfeitures incurred by the person or persons using such mill, for any offence against the laws of excise, and it shall be lawful m all cases to levy such debts, duties, penalties, and forfeitures, by sale of such utensils, as it would be lawful to do in case the maker of paper owing such debts or duties, and incurring such penalties were respectively the real owner and proprietor of such utensils.

VIII. And be it enacted, That every maJcer ofpaper p

shall, at every of his or her mills or places used by him or to provide scales her for making any kind of paper, provide and keep at his and weights, and or her own cost, sufficient and just scales and weights for a8si#t °cer8' weighing all such paper which shall be in their respective mills and other places, and shall bring or cause the same to be brought to the scales, and shall assist the officers of excise in weighing all such paper, in such manner as such officer shall think most convenient, and in examining from time to time the depending stock of all sorts of paper of every such maker thereof.

IX. And be it enacted, That if any maker of paper penaltie8fornot hall not keep, at every mill or other place used by him or providing just her for making any kind of paper, just scales and weights, scalesana

as this act directs, or shall, by himself or herself, or any ^smi^ting oT person employed by him or her, not permit any officer of not assisting excise who'Bnall desire to weigh any paper of any sort be- office-longing to such maker, at such mills or places as aforesaid, to weigh the same, or shall by himself or herself, 01; by any person employed by him or her, neglect or reftise to bring the same to the scales, or to assist at weighing the same, in

such

*32

The Fortieth Year of George III.

Fines, &c. recovered as by 1-1 and 15 C- 2. or any other re-

appeal"

uch manner as such officer shall think most convenient, 'every such maker shall for every default, neglect, or offence herein, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds; and if any officer of excise shall, at the mill or other place of any such maker, be furnished with any unjust scales or weights, for.weighing paper of any sort, or be furnished with any scales or weights, which on weighing any kind of paper, shall, by any device, not exhibit the true weight thereof, whereby his Majesty may be defrauded of any of the duties aforesaid, every such maker shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

X. And be it enacted, That all and every the fines, penalties and forfeitures indicted by this act, in respect thereof, shall and may be sued for, recovered and levied in

iuiy uuici iv- i f

venue law; with such manner and form, and by such ways and means, and like remedy of with such powers and authorities as are prescribed and directed, and appointed in and by an act of parliament made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty, Charles the second, entitled, An Act for the settling of the excise or ne u> impost upon his Majesty, his heirs and sue* cessors, according to the book of rates therein inserted, or by any other law or laws of force in this kingdom, relating to his Majesty's revenue of excise, as fully and effectually, to all intents, constructions and purposes, as if the same were particularly mentioned, expressed, and enacted in this act, with like remedy of appeal to and for the party or parties who shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved or injured^ as in and by the said act is provided.

XI. And be -it enacted, That there shall be paid and juper-hanginga. allowed to every printer, painter, or stainer of paper hangings, a drawback of the duty charged on all paper made in this kindom, after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, which shall be manufactured by him into paper hangings, on proof upon oath being made to the satisfaction of the chief of of his Majesty's revenue, of the quantity of paper so used, and

that such paper was not made prior to the said day, and that, the duty by this act chargeable thereon was paid.

XII. And be it enacted, That an act passed in the thirty-eighth vear of his Majesty's reign, entitled An act to secure the collection of the duties on paper made in Ireland, and to prevent frauds therein, except such parts thereof as are altered or amended by this act, be, and the same is hereby continued of force.

Drawback on

fcaper act 38 G.

6, except as altered by this act, is hereby continued.

CHAP.

V'-

The Fortieth Year of George III.

210

CHAP. LXXVII.

An Act to amend and continue an Act, passed in the Thirty-seventh year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An Act for regulating and extending the Tobacco Tradey and for se-curing the Duties payable upon the Import and Manufacture 52 G.3, c!68. of Tobacco.

Whereas it is expedient to amend and continue an act preamble, passed in the thirty-seventh year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for regulating and extending the tobacco trade y and for securing the duties payable upon the import and manufacture of tobacco, be it enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons. in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That no license shall be granted to any person or persons, manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco into roll, pig-tail, No license to snuff, or otherwise, to manufacture tobacco^ unless such ma- ^baccoCuntil a nufacturer or manufacturers, with two sufficient sureties, bond is entered shall have entered into $ bond to his Majesty, his heirs and into, conditioned successors, in the penalty of three hundred pounds, condi- a? herein, tioned that such manufacturer or manufacturers shall duly pay all such duties of excise as such manufacturer or manufac-- turers shall become chargeable with, either in respect of the quantities of tobacco which shall be contained in all* and every original package or packages of tobacco, which he or they shall have opened for the purpose of taking any tobacco out of the same, (except for samples) or shall otherwise be chargeable with as manufacturers of tobacco.

II. And be it enacted, That the said recited act, and Tobacco act si this act, shall be and continue to be of force until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand eight hundred and one, until 24 june> and from thence to the end of the then next session of par- isoi, and end of B ament, and no longer. next #eM*olh

CHAP.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

CHAP. LXXVIII.

An Act for amending an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, entitled. An Act to revive and continue the several Lawt relating to the curing of Hides, and regulating the Sale of Hides and Calf Shins, and preventing Frauds in the selling thereof, and for preventing Frauds in the weighing and Delivery of Bark imported into this Kingdom.

Recital99Gcc. 3 Whereas by an act passed in the last session of parliament, entitled. An act to revive and continue the several laws relating to the curing of hides, and regulating the sale of hides and calf skins, and for preventing frauds in the selling thereof, and for preventing Frauds in the weighing and delivery of hark imported into this kingdom, it is among other things enacted, That in every city or town corporate, where a market place has been, or shall be established by the chief magistrate thereof, for exposing all green hides or skins to sale, and where a sworn weigh-master has been or shall be appointed, pursuant to the several acts in the said act mentioned, all green hides and skins, or hides and skins in the hair, to be sold within such city or town corporate, or within five miles thereof, shall be brought to such market to be sold, and that such market shall be held on four days in every week, that is to say, on every Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday in every week, which market shall be opened by ring of b!ell, at the hour of eleven of the clock in the forenoon, and shall close in the same manner, at the hour of three of the clock in the afternoon: And whereas the means

Sovided by the said in part recited act, for enforcing obe ence thereto, have been found to be ineffectual and insufficient for that purpose; therefore be it enacted, by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent.of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this pre-Sffnj, sent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, or expodMto That if any person shall buy or sell, or expose or offer t& ale any hides or any such hides or skins, or any kips or runners, ' in any oi^piac^ or at °^ler place within such city or town corporate, or within five any other time miles thereof, than hj such market, or on any other day than such market days, or shall buy or sell, or expose to sale in such market, any such hided or skins, kips or runners, before the said hour of eleven of the clock in the forenoon, or after the said hour of three , of the clock in the afternoon, every such person shall forfeit five shillings for every hide ana horse skin, and two shillings and six-pence for every calf skin, kip, runner, or other skin, so bought and sold, or exposed or offered to sale, to be recovered, disposed of, and applied in such manner, and for such uses, as are herein after appointed and

time than aa by aid act Is directed,

The Fortieth Year of George III. 285

and directed; provided always, that nothing herein, or in the Not to prevent said recited act contained shall extend, or be construed to hides by hand/j prevent the selling or buying by hand, and not by weight, and not by '* in the said market in Dublin, of any raw or green hides or weight, skins of cattle slaughtered in Dublin, or the suburbs thereof, as heretofore hath been accustomed.

II. And in order toprevent frauds in the selling of hides and Penalties for skins, be it enacted, That if any hide or skin, with any cut, flaw, or gash therein, or any hide or skin watered or clogged With flaws, &«. with any filth, by which the weight thereof shall be encreased, shall be exposed to sale, the person exposing the same to sale shall, for every such hide, forfeit a sum of five shillings, and for every such skin, kip, runner, or horse skin, forfeit a sum of two shillings and six-pence; and if any hide sold by weight, shall have any part of the shank as low as the due claws thereon, or with more of the skull than the root of the horns thereon, or with any cheek or breech-piece, or rump, farther than the breech thereon, be offered or exposed to sale, the person offering or exposing the same to sale shall, for every such hide, forfeit the sum of five shillings; the aforesaid several forfeitures and penalties to be recovered, disposed of, and applied in such manner, and for such uses as are herein after appointed and directed.

III and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Power and duty the said weigh-master, or his deputy, to enter all warehouses, of weigh-master. stores, yards, or other places belonging to any person who, pursuant to the said act, shall be licensed to deal in raw hides or skins, and to inspect and examine all such hides and skins therein, and if such weigh-master, or his deputy shall find in Penalties for any such warehouse, or other place, any hide or skin with any having hides or cut, flaw, or gash therein, or any hide or skin watered or «hins as herein clogged with any filth, by which the weight thereof shall be ac8cn encreased, or any hide having any part of the shanl$; as low as the dew claws thereon, or with more of the skull than the root of the horns thereon, or with any cheek or breech-piece, or rump, farther than the breech thereon, every, such hide and skin shall be considered as if sold or exposed to sale in a market, and the person in whose possession the same shall be found, shall, in respect of such hides and skins, be subject to the several and respective penalties by this act inflicted against persons selling or exposing to sale such fraudulent hides or skins, as if he or she sold or exposed the same to sale, and such penalties shall be levied and recovered; in the same mannfer as the like penalties against persons selling Weigh-master'* or exposing to sale such hides or skins may be levied and re- fee*, covered; and such weigh-master shall be entitled to the same fees from the owners of such hides and skins, for examining the same, as he is entitled to on hides and skin? examined ^SSttLvwdKh and weighed in a market, and to be secured in the same manner, master, or for

IV. And be it enacted, That if any person who shall be so obstructing him licensed as aforesaid, shall not on demand of such weigh-master

The Fortieth Year of George M.

ter or his deputy, at the ware-house, store, yard, or other place of such person, admit, or cause to be admitted, such weigh-master or his deputy therein, or shall not suffer such weigh-master or his deputy to examine all green or raw hides and skins therein, or shall obstruct such weigh-master or his deputy in the execution of any power vested in him or them by this act, every such person shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered, levied, and disposed of, as herein after mentioned.

Penalties shall V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all

be recovered by every the forfeitures and penalties aforesaid shall be repersons who sue .^.

before any ma-

gistrate.

Penalties, Sec. levied by distress.

disposal of penalties.

Offenders to be committed if distress be not sufficient.

Weigh* masters to seize and de-posite skins, as. herein.

covered by him or them who will sue for the same, on complaint to be made before any magistrate or justice of the peace of the city or county wherein the offences, for and in respect of which the said forfeitures and penalties are hereby imposed, shall have been respectively committed, which complaint every such magistrate and justice of the peace to whom the same snail be made, is hereby empowered and required to hear and determine in a summary manner, and which forfeitures and penalties, upon Conviction of the offender before such magistrate or justice of the peace, either on the confession of the party offending, or by the oath of one credible witness, (which oath such magistrate or justice of the peace, is hereby empowered and required to administer), shall, (together with the reasonable expences of such complaint and conviction, not exceeding ten shillings, to be ascertained by such magistrate or justice of the peace) be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the offender, by warrant under the hand and seal of such magistrate or justice, returning the overplus, (if any) to the owner, after deducting thereout the reasonable charges for such distress and sale, one moiety of which several forfeitures and penalties shall be disppsed of and paid to the informer, and the other moiety to the church-wardens of the parish in which the offence shall have been committed, to be applied by them to the use of the poor of such parish; and in case a sufficient distress cannot be had whereout to levy and raise the said forfeitures and penalties respectively, then and in such case such magistrate or justice of the peace shall and may, by warrant under his hand and seal, commit such person or persons convicted as aforesaid of any of the aforesaid offences, to the house of correction or work-house, or any public prison in and for the city or county wherein such offences respectively shall have been committed, for any time not exceeding one calendar month, there to remain at hard labour, and to have* due correction, according to law.

VI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such weigh-master, or his deputy, and their respective assistants, to seize all hides, skins, kips and runners, bought or sold, or exposed, or offered to

sal©|

The Fortieth Year of George III. 287

sale, contrary to the provisions of this act, or the said in part recited act', or in respect of which any person is hereby or thereby made subject to any forfeiture or penalty, and the same to deposite in such market-place as aforesaid, in and for the city or county in which the same shall have been bought or sold, or exposed, or offered to sale, or in which the offence for which such forfeiture or penalty is hereby imposed, shall have been committed, and there to safely keep and detain the same as a security for the amount of such forfeiture or penalty; and that in case the owner of such hides, skins, kips or In what caws runners, shall be convicted as aforesaid, of any of the said such hides and offences, or shall not within three days next after such seizure, skins may be claim the same by writing under his hand, stating truly his old#

Christian name, surname, and place of abode, and to be delivered to such weigh-master or his deputy, then and in either of sUch last mentioned cases, such weigh-master or his deputy shall and may sell such hides, skins, kips, and runners, or any of them, for or towards payment of the forfeiture or penalty imposed by this act for the offence of which the owner thereof 'shall have been convicted, or for or by reason whereof such seizure shall have been made, returning the overplus (if any) arising from such sale to the owner thereof, oit his claiming the same, after first deducting thereout the reasonable charges of such seizure and sale,

VII. And in order to determine any dispute or difference which mhy arise between the seller and buyer of any green, salted, or dried hide, or any hide or skin in the hair, in the city of Dublin, be it enacted, That the lord mayor of the Lord mayor city of Dublin, for the time being, shall nominate seven re- to appoint per-putable and skilful persons of the trade of tanners, to whom m?ne % sprnt"s or any three oi*more of them all such disputes and differences betweenbuyers as aforesaid shall be referred, to be heard and determined; sellers of hides, and before any person who shall be so nominated, shall act, rnhall be he shall take an oath before such lord mayor, (which oath he is hereby empowered to administer), that in all such cases which shall be so referred to him, he will do equal justice between the parties, and every such person shall continue to act in all such references during the mayoralty of the lord mayor by whom he was nominated, without any further nomination; and where any complaint shall be made to the said lord mayor, he is hereby required to issue an order requiring the said referees, or any three or more of them, to meet, and hear* and determine the matter of such complaint, and the determination of the referees, or the majority of them who shall so meet, not less than three, shall be final and conclusive to all parties; and in case any of the persons so nominated shall not obey such order, and shall not assign good and sufficient cause on oath, or shall not de- penalty on re-termine such difference within twenty-four hours after the ferees for deter-time which shall be appointed for their meeting, then each differ'

D.J

The Fortieth Year of George III.

of the persons offending shall forfeit a sum not less than five pounds, nor more than ten pounds, to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods, by warrant under the hand and seal of the said lord mayor or other chief magistrate, and to be paid over to the church-wardens of the parish where such difference shall have arisen, to be distributed amongst the poor of such parish; and in case the re-» ferees to whom such difference shall be referred, or any

three or more of them, shall determine against the seller of any hide or skin on which such difference shall have arisen, then such penalty as by the said acts or this act is inflicted in respect of every such hide or skin, shall be levied, recovered, and applied as by this act is directed and appointed.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aftfre-ma^leau^the That if any person or persons shall be sued, molested,

g«nena tailed or troubled, for putting in execution any of the powers contained in or granted by this act, or any of the herein before mentioned acts, or for doing any matter or thing pursuant hereunto or thereunto, such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evi-Treble co*u. denqe; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be non-suited, or judgment shall be given against him or them upon demurrer, or a verdict shall pass for the defendant, such defendant shall have his, her, or their treble costs, to be recovered in such manner as where, by law, costs, are given to defendants.

CHAP. LXXIX.

An Act to oblige Ships more effectually to perform their Quarantine, and to prevent the Plague and other irfectious Distempers being brought into Ireland, and to hinder the spreading of Infection.

Whereas the laws heretofore made in this kingdom to Quacantine laws oblige ships coming from places infected to perform quaran-tosufflcient. t*ne» an(* Prevent t^ie plague being brought into and spreading in the said kingdom, have hot been sufficient to answer the purposes thereby intended, be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said laws shall be, and the same are hereby repealed, save as to the remedies by the said laws given for prosecuting, suing for, and recovering any penalty or forfeiture for any offence committed against said laws before

289

The fortieth Year of George III.

fore the passing of this act, and also save and except as to Said act* are

any orders or regulations which may have been made by the hereby repealed

lord lieutenant or other chief governor of this kingdom, by w w herein.

the advice of the privy council, in pursuance of the said

former acts, and winch said orders and regulations are hereby

declared to remain in full force, as if the said acts had not

been repealed.

II. And be it enacted, That all ships and vessels arriving, All vessels fron> and all persons, goods and merchandizes whatsoever, coming places from or imported into any port or place within the kingdom Ireland, from any place whence the lord lieutenant or other brought; shall chief governor or governors of this kingdom, by and with perform qua-the advice of the privy council, shall judge it probable that ^ctedVylord any infection may be brought, shall be obliged to make lieutenant and their quarantine, in such place and places, for such time and council, in such manner as hath been, or shall from time to time be directed by the chief governor or governors of this kingdom, for the time being, by his or their order or orders made by the advice of the privy council, and notified by proclamation; and that until such ships,vessels, persons, goods, arid merchandizes, shall have respectively performed, and be discharged from such quarantine, no such person, goods and merchandizes, or any of them, shall come or be br

shore, or go or be put on board any other ship or

any place within his Majesty's dominions, unless in such ikorej or put on

cases, and by such license, as shall be directed or permitted board any vessel

by such order or orders made by the lord lieutenant or other without "con#e*

chief governor or governors, by the advice and consent of

the privy council, and notified as aforesaid; and that all

such ships and vessels, and the persons or goods coming or imported in, or going, and being put on board the same. Persons and

and all ships, vessels, boats, and persons receiving any goods goods in vessels

or persons out of the same, and all persons going on board

such ship or vessel, without being duly authorized so to do, ^s^hTcOTninu-

shall be subject to such Orders, rules, and directions concern- nicating with

ing quarantine, and the preventing infection, as have "been

or shall be made by the said chief governor or governors of b^gubjea to this kingdom in council, and shall be notified by proclama- rules and

tien as aforesaid. orders.

III. And to the end it may be better known whether any ship or vessel carry or contain any infectious distemper, or whether such ship or vessel, or the mariuers or cargo coming or imported in the same, are liable to any orders touching quarantine, be it enacted, That when any order or orders, is, are, or shall be made by the lord lieutenant oy other chief governor or governors of this kingdom and council concerning quarantine and the prevention of infection, and notified as aforesaid, as often as any ship or vessel shall attempt to

890 Doty of

quarantine

performed*

Account to be given by masters of vessels.

Recited particulars to be answered upon oath by masters of vessels.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

of his Majesty's customs in such port or place, or such person as shall be authorized to see quarantine duly performed, shall go off, or cause some other person to be by him appointed for that purpose, to go off to such ship or vessel; and such officer, or other person authorized to see quarantine performed as aforesaid, or the person so by him appointed for that purpose, shall, at a convenient distance from such ship or vessel, demand of the commander, master, or other person hairing charge of such ship or vessel, and such commander, master, or other person having charge of such ship or vessel, shall, upon such demand, give a true account of the following particulars; that is to say, the name of such ship or vessel, the name of the commander or person having charge thereof, at what place or places the cargo and every part of it was taken on board, what place or places the ship or vessel touched at in her voyage, whether such places, or any, and which of them were infected with the plague or any other infectious distemper, how long such ship or Vessel had been in her passage, how many persons were on board when the said ship or vessel set sail, whether any and what persons during that voyage, on board such ship or vessel, nad been, or shall be then infected with the plague, how many died in the voyage, and of what distemper, what ships r vessels he, or any of his ship's company with his privity went on board, or had any of their company come on board his ship or vessel in the voyage, and to what place such ships or vessels belonged, and also the true contents of his lading, to the best of his knowledge, whether his ship- or vessel touched at the isle of Rhodes, the Morea, or any part of the coast of Africa within the Mediterranean or the Levant seas, or the port of Magadore, or whether any of the ship's company, or any other person on board his ship or vessel had, during the voyage homewards, in manner whatever, any communication with any ship or, vessel coming from any of those places, what pilot or pilots, or other persons from the shores of Ireland have been on board his ship or vessel, or had any communication with his ship's company, in any manner whatever during the voyage homewards, and whether any of his ship's company had been sick, and of what disorder, in the course of the voyage, or were so at the time the particulars are demanded; which particulars so demanded of the commander, master, or other person having charge of such ship or vessel, shall make answer to upon oath, which oath the person who has been, or shall be appointed or authorized to see quarantine duly performed, is hereby empowered and required to administer to such commander, master, or other person having charge of such ship or vessel; and in case it shall appear upon such examination or otherwise, that any person then

on

291

The Fortieth Year of George III.

on board such ship or vessel shall, at the time of such exa* mination, be actually infected with the plague, or that such ship or vessel is obliged to perform quarantine, in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the officers of any of his Majesty's ships of war, or any of his Majesty's forts or garrisons, and all other his Majesty's officers whom it may concern, upon notice thereof given to them, or any of them respectively, and to and for any other person or persons office and whom they shall call to their aid and assistance, and they others, shall are hereby required to oblige such ship or vessel to go and obliS infected repair to such place as hath been, or shall be appointed for fonn quaw* performance of quarantine, and to use all necessary means tine. H for that purpose, be it by firing of guns upon such ship or vessel, or any other kind of force or violence whatsoever; and in case any such ship or vessel shall come from any place visited with the plague, or have any person on board actually infected, and the commander, master, or any other person Ma8ter8 having charge of such ship or vessel, shall conceal the same, suffer death for such commander, master, or other person having charge of concealing such ship or vessel, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and ^section, &c. suffer death, as in cases of felony, without the benefit of clergy; and in case such commander, master, or other 20^1^s<^2^f person having charge of such ship or vessel shall, upon such ^cubxs8 demand made as aforesaid, not make a true discovery in any truly, other of the particulars aforesaid, such commander, master, or other person having charge of such ship or vessel, for every such offence shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds, one moiety thereof to the King, his heirs, and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who will sue for the same.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any commander, master, or other person having charge of any ship or vessel liable to perform quarantine having notice thereof, shall himself quit, or shall knowingly permit or suffer any seaman, 500L penalty on or passenger coming in such ship or vessel, to quit such ship or vessel by going on shore, or by going on'board any other suffering*others ship, boat, or vessel before such quarantine shall be fully to quit vessels performed, unless in such cases, and by such proper license*

as shall be directed or permitted by such order or orders made or to be made concerning quarantine, and the prevention of infection, and notified as aforesaid, or in case any commander, master, or other person having charge of such ship or vessel, shall not within convenient time after due notice given for that purpose by the proper officer, cause such ship or vessel, and the lading thereof to be conveyed into the place or places appointed for such ship or vessel, and lading, to perform quarantine respectively, then and in every such case, every such commander, master, or other person having charge of such ship or vessel, for every such offence shall

T2

4

m

The fortieth Year of George III.

forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds, one moiety thereof*to the Kins, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall sue for the same; and also if any persons shall so quit such ship or vessel, by going on shore, or by going on board any other ship or vessel contrary to the true meaning of this act, it shall and may be lawful for Penalty on all persons whatsoever by force or violence to compel such quitting such person to return on board such ship dr vessel, and every ships. such person so quitting such ship or vessel, shall for every such offence suffer imprisonment for the space of six months, and shall also forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds, one moiety to the king* his heirs and Successors, and the other moiety to him or them who will sue for the same.

V. And be it further enacted, That when any countiy or

Elace is or shall be infected with the plague, it shall and may e lawful to and for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, by and with the ad-counS^owder v*ce Pr*vy counc*l> to order ships to be provided, or chips or lazaretsto cause houses or lazarets for the receiving and entertaining to be provided of persons obliged to perform quarantine as aforesaid, during mance o^ua- suc" t^me 36 they shall continue infeeted, or until they shall rantine°also*' have performed such quarantine respectively, and also sheds, place* for airing tents, and other places proper for the depositing, opening, groveJtof bC ap- anc* air, ng of goods and merchandizes comprized within any two neighbour- such order or orders made, or to be made and notified as ing justices. aforesaid, to be provided or erected, to continue for such time or term as the said chief governor or governors of this kingdom shall think proper and direct, in convenient places within any part of Ireland, to be allowed and approved by two or more neighbouring justices of the peace for the codnty where the same shall, respectively lie, under their hands and seals, either in waste grounds or commons, or where such waste grounds and commons are not sufficient in the several

frounce of any person or persons whatsoever, not being a ouse, park, garden, orchard, yard, or planted walk or avenue to an house, paying such rate, relit, or consideration for the same, to the persons interested therein respectively, according to their, several interests in the same, as shall be agreed on between the persons so interested, their guardians or trustees, and any two persons to be appointed for that purpose by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, and in case of any difference concerning such rate, relit, or consideration between the persons so interested, their guardians or trustees, and such persons so -to be appointed by the said chief governor or How such places governors as aforesaid, the justices of the peace at the next shall be pakl for. general quarter sessions of the peace, to-he held for such county wherein such grounds shall lie, shall and may order the sheriff to impannel a jury, and upon the verdict of such jury adjudge, determine, assess, and settle the same, and such

judgment

GoO£

293

The Fortieth Year of George III.

judgment and determination shall be final, and his Majesty, his heirs and successors, shall and may hold and enjoy such ground for and during all such time and term as the said lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom shall judge necessary for the purposes aforesaid, paying for the same such rate, relit, or other consideration as shall be agreed upon, or assessed and adjudged as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the proper officers Offietn tom* authorized to put in execution such orders made or to be Jorce Py* made and notified as aforesaid, shall, and they are hereby ^2rimdaef empowered and required to cause and compel all persona obliged to perform quarantine as aforesaid, and all goods and merchandizes comprized within any such orders made, or to be made and notified as aforesaid respectively, to repair or be conveyed to some of the said ships, houses, or lazarets, sheds, tents, or other places provided as aforesaid, according to such order or orders made, or to be made and notified as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any person who Persons who may be obliged to perform quarantine as aforesaid, shall refuse to per-wiliully refuse or neglect to repair, within convenient time after clue notice for that purpose given to him, her, or them pointed, or whp by the proper officer, to the ship, house, lazaret, or other <*-place duly appointed for him, her, or them, or having been foSf5ichfC#Pe placed in such ship, house, or lazaret, or other place, shall es- places shall suf-cape or attempt to escape out of the same before quarantinecr be fully performed, it snail and may be lawful to and for thq watchmen and other persons appointed to see quarantine duly performed by any kind of violence that the case shall require, to compel every such person so refusing or neglecting as aforesaid, and every such person so escaping or attempting to escape as aforesaid, to repair or return into such $hip, house, lazaret, or other place so appointed for him or her as aforesaid, and every such person so refusing or neglecting to repair, within convenient time after such notice as aforesaid, into such ship, house, lazaret, or other place appointed for him or her as aforesaid; and also every person actually escaping as aforesaid, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy,

VIII. And whereas disobedience or refractory behaviour iq persons under quarantine, may be attended with great danger and inconvenience; be it enacted, That alj persons liable to officers to ei» perform quarantine, whether in ships, houses, lazarets, or force perfor-elsewhere, shall be subject during the said quarantine tq such orders as they shall receive from the proper officers authorized to see it duly performed, and the said officers are hereby empowered and required to enforce all necessary obedience to the said or4ers, and may in case of necessity call

The Fortieth YcmrrfGem&lXL

i to their awlBce, and all periom ao arc

hereby required to ana accordingly,

IL. And be it further enacted, That if any person not in-[field with the plague, nor liable to perform quarantine, shall > to enter any shin, house, lazaret, or other place so appointed m aforesaid, whflrt any person or persoor infected t with the plague, or being under quarantine, or under order to perform quarantine, shall be therein, and shall return, or*attempt to return thence, unless in such cases, and by such bcenar as shall be directed or permitted by such order or orders made, or to be made and notified as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the watchmen, or other persons appointed to guard or secure such ship, house, lazaret, or ocher place so appointed as aforesaid, by any kind of violence that the case shall require, to compel such person so returning or attempting to return, to repair into such ship, boose, lazaret, or other place so appointed as aforesaid, there to continue and perform quarantine, and m case such person shall actually escape out of such ship, house, lazaret, or other place where he or she shall be so placed for performance of quarantine, before he or she shall have folly performed the same, be or she shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall safer death as a fe^on, without the benefit of clergy.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any officer or offi-\ cert of his Majesty's revenue, or any officer or officers, person or persons whatsoever, to whom h doth or shall appertain to execute, or assist in executing any order or orders made, or to be made concerning quarantine, or the prevention of infection, and notified as aforesaid, or to see the same put in execution, shall be guilty of any wilful breach or neglect of his or their duty in that behalf, every such officer and person so offending, shall forfeit his office or employment in the revenue, or other office or employment, and shall thenceforth become incapable to hold and enjoy the same, or take a new grant thereof, and shall also forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, one moiety thereof to the King, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall or will sue for the same; and if any such officer or person shall embezzle, or shall knowingly or willingly damage any goods performing

Suarantine, under his direction, he shall be liable to pay tre-le damages, and foil costs of suit.


XL. And whereas cotton, skins, human hair, and certain

human hair, and other species of goods and merchandizes, are more especially spedfcd to cert*in infection, and may be brought from places

dm relative to infected, into other countries, and thence imported into his quarantine,h*n Majesty's dominions in ships not obliged to perform quaran-t*ne*^* enacted therefore, That goods and merchandizes wcJl which are or shall be particularly specified for that purpose,

in any order or orders made, or to be made concerning quarantine, and foe prevention of infection, and notified as aforesaid

Cotton, tldns.

The Fortieth Year of George III. 29$

said, which shall be imported into any part- of the kingdom of Ireland from any foreign country or place, in any ship or vessel whatsoever, shall be subject and liable to such order or orders made, or to be made concerning quarantine, and the prevention of infection, and notified as aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted, That after quarantine shall Certificate* of have been duly performed by any ship or vessel, or person performance of or persons obliged to perform quarantine, according tot0 such order or orders made, or to be made and notified as prooH^g1 aforesaid, and upon proof to be made by the oaths of the made on oath master or other person having charge of such ship or ves- M herein, sel, and of two of the persons belonging to such ship or

vessel, or upon proof to be made by the oaths of two or more credible witnesses, before the customer, comptroller, or collector of the port where such quarantine shall be performed, or the next port thereunto, or before any of their deputies, ror any justice of peace living near to such port where such quarantine shall have been performed within this kingdom, which persons are hereby authorized and required to administer such oath, that such ship or vessel, and all and every such person and persons respectively, have duly performed quarantine as aforesaid, and that the ship or vessel, and all and every such person, and persons, are free from infection, then and in the said respective cases, such customer, comptroller, or collector, or any of their deputies, together with the said justice of the peace as aforesaid, respectively, are hereby required to give a certificate thereof, and thereupon such ship or vessel, and all and every such person and persons so having performed quarantine, shall not be liable to any further restraint or detention upon the same account for which such ship or vessel, person or persons shall have performed quarantine as aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the officer before Nofeeontakta| whom such oath shall be made, and by whom such certificate Such oath' shall be given, shall not for such respective oath and certificate

demand or take any fee or reward whatsoever.

XIV. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That all Good* to be

goods, wares and merchandizes imported in any ship or vessel aired after per-coming from a place which the said chief governor and coun- di-

ed shall deem to be infected, pr on board which ship or vessel rected by order any person shall be found infected, shall after quarantine per- of Ulieut. &c< formed, be opened and aired in such place or places, and for

such time, and in such manner, as shall be directed by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, by such order or orders to be made and notified as aforesaid; and after such order shall have been duly complied with, and proof shall be made thereof by the oaths of two or more credible witnesses, before the customer, comptroller, or collector of the port lying next to such place or places where such goods, wares, or merchandizes shall have been opened

and

7W Art*! Y«*r {/- George III.

OiLt.| A tec.

Oncers,

r<*. vb <irr^ie from.

tod aired m sforaraid, or toy of thei* deputies; tod toy justice of the peace liring near the same, who are hereby an* th-'rized and required to administer such oath, upon certificate and return of such proof by such comptroller or collector, or of their deputies; and such justice of the peace c* aforesaid, who are hereby respectively required to make Arctedjrc -uch c*ideate and return to the of of his Ma-"*"*' jest)^revenue of this kingdom, such goods, wares and mer- c uindizes shall be forthwith discharged from any restraint or

detention on the same account, by order of the said of, or any two of them; for every which oath, certificate and <-ru* r, no fee or reward whatsoever shall be demanded or taken.

tm. pnkj for

XV. Provided always, tod be it enacted, That if any offi-c^g or cer or peri jn shall demand or take any fee or reward whatsoever ter any such oath, order or certificate, to be adminicle, cd or made in pursuance of this act, every person so offering shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, one raoietv thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who will sue for the same.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any officer or other person appointed to see quarantine duly performed, or any person placed or appointed as a watchman, upon any lazaret, or other place for performance of qua- rantine, in pursuance of this act, shall desert from his or their duty, when employed ou the said business of quarantine, or shafi knowingly and willingly permit, or suffer any such person, ship, or vessel to depart, or any goods or merchandizes to be conveyed out of any ship, house, lazaret, or other place respectively appointed for performance of quarantine, unless in such cases, and by such license, as are or shall be directed or permitted by some order or orders made, or to be made, and notified by proclamation as aforesaid; or if any person directed as aforesaid to give a certificate of a ship having duly performed quarantine, or airing, shall knowingly give a false certificate, then and in every of the said cases, every such officer and person so offending shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall suffer death, as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

xvii. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall knowingly and wilfully conceal from the officers of quarantine, or shall clandestinely convey any letters, goods, wares or merchandizes, from any ship under quarantine, or liable to perform quarantine by any such order to be made as aforesaid, or from any lazaret or other place where goods shall be performing quarantine, every such person so offending, shall suffer death, as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

Smuggling Is

XVIII. And whereas it is notorious that notwithstanding wiSc^todme^good laws ma^e t0prevent the clandestine importa-

of infection may be dangerous.

Persons wko soocnl from

vey goods, letters. See. dan-drstroely, shall suffer death.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

297

tien of customable and prohibited goods and merchandizes, a pernicious trade of that kind is still carried on in open boats or vessels of small burden, which privately put into creeks and secret places on the coast, thereby escaping the observation of the officers of the revenue, which practice may prove highly detrimental to the safety of this kingdom during a time of infection; for prevention whereof, be it enacted, That when any part of Ireland, Great Britain, or the isles of when any of the Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, or any part of places herein France, Spain, Portugal, Italy, or the Low Countries, shall be named shall> b* infected with the plague, it shall and may be lawful to and for a^proda^ the chief governor or governors of this kingdom, for the mation may be time being, by his or their proclamation, to prohibit and res- issued to prevent train all small boats and vessels, under the burden of twenty tons from sailing tons, from sailing or passing out of any port or place of Ire- until security land, until security be first given by the master of every such shall be given a* boat or vessel respectively, to the satisfaction of the principalhereinirec officer of the customs, or the chief magistrate of the port or place whence such boat or vessel shall sail, by bond taken to the king, his heirs or successors, with sufficient sureties in the penalty of three hundred pounds, with condition that such boat or vessel shall not go to or touch at any country, port or place to be mentioned for that purpose in such proclamation, and if the master or other person having charge of such boat or vessel, and dll and every mariner and mariners, passenger or passengers, going in such boat or vessel, shall, during the time aforesaid, not go on board any other ship or vessel at sea, and if such master or other person having charge of any such boat or vessel, shall not permit any person or persons to come on board such boat or vessel at sea from any other ship or vessel, and shall not during the time aforesaid receive any goods and merchandizes whatsoever out of any other ship or vessel, then such bond shall be void, and for which bond no fee or reward whatsoever shall be taken: and in , case any boat or vessel for which such security shall be required by sucl) proclamation, shall set sailor pass out of any port or place of this ^fjngbcfore kingdom before such security be given as aforesaid, every 8l, ch security U such boat or vessel so sailing or passing out of any port or given..place contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, together with her tackle, apparel, and furniture, shall be forfeited to the king^his heirs and successors, and shall and may be seized, sued for, and recovered in his Majesty's court of exchequer at Dublin, to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the master of and every mariner sailing in any such boat or vessel, being thereof lawfully convicted upon his or their appearance or default, upon the oath or oaths of one. or more credible witness or witnesses, by one or more justice or justices of the peace where such offender shall be found, which oath such justice or justices of the peace are hereby empowered and required to administer, shall forfeit the sum

of

The Fortieth Year of George M.

places of worship, in places specified.

What shall be deemed sufficient notice*

of twenty ppunds, one moiety thereof to the informer, and the other moiety to the poor of the parish where such offender shall be found, the same to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods, by warrant under the hand and seal, or hands or seals of such justice or justices before whom such offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, and for want of sufficient distress every such offender shall, by such justice or justices, be committed to prison, there to remain without bail or mainprize for the space of three months.

SaSvet^oua- And to the end that all persons mav know how to

tandne to* demean them selves in the premises, be it further enacted, rad in churches That when and as often as the lord lieutenant, or other chief and all other governor or governors of this kingdom shall make any order or orders concerning quarantine and the prevention of infection, and notify the same by proclamation as aforesaid, such proclamation shall be publicly read upon the next Sunday after the receipt of the same, and the first Sunday in every month afterwards, during the time such order shall continue in force immediately after the prayers in all parish churches, and other places set apart for divine worship within such counties and places as shall be specified fox that purpose in such proclamation.

Xa. And whereas it may be deemed necessary in certain cases, that the person or persons offending against this act Should have actual notice ^>i the orders in council of the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, by and with the advice of the privy council, touching and respecting quarantine; and whereas it is frequently impossible to prove such actual notice; therefore be it enacted, That it shall not be necessary to give any actual notice of any order or orders of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, by and with the advice of the privy council, or of any regulations therein contained, which are now in "force, or hereafter may be in force touching and respecting quarantine; and that it snail and may be lawful for the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, by and with the advice of the privy council, by any order or orders hereafter to be made, to limit and fix a time or times after which the publication of such order or orders in the Dublin gazette shall be deemed and taken to be sufficient notice to all persons concerned of all and every such order and orders.

XXI. And be it enacted, That every commander, master, and other person having the charge of any ship, or vessel Vessels liable to liable to the performance of quarantine, shall, and is hereby re-quarantine shall quired, from and after the passing of this act, in case of meeting flagat i£e nuhi or^aH^n§n with anyship or vessel at sea, or within four leagues top-mast head, of the coast of this kingdom, to hoist a particular signal, to denote that his vessel is liable to quarantine, such signal for the

299

The Fortieth Year of George III.

the day time be a large yellow flag at the main topmast head, in the day, and and for the night to be a light at the same mast head, on failure whereof such commander, master, and other person, 7 having charge of such ship or vessel, so liable to the performance of quarantine, shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of two hundred pounds.

XXII. And be it enacted, That all and every penalty and How penalties forfeiture which may be incurred by any breach or violation shall he reco-

of this act, or of any order or orders of the lord lieutenant, vered* or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, by and with the advice of the privy council, now or hereafter to be made, touching or respecting quarantine, and notified by proclamation, or published in the Dublin gazette, shall be sued for, and recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record, at Dublin, one moiety thereof to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, , and the other moiety to him or thorn who shall sue for the same.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any action or In actions for suit shall be commenced against any person or persons for matters done any thing done in pursuance of tins present act, the de- under this act, fendant or defendants in such action or suit may plead the pfeadthe general issue, and give this act, and the special matter in issue, evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance, and by the authority of the said act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, and the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants, and if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his action, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if judgment shall have been given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the Treble c08t«.' same as defendant or detendants hath, or have in other cases by the law.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That ho at- No corruption

tainder of felony by virtue of this act shall extend to work*

any corruption of blood, or forfeiture of any goods, chattels,

lands, tenements, or hereditaments.

CHAP-

300

Hie Fortieth Year of George III.

CHAP. LXXX.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Thirty-Jifih Year of hi*present Majesty's Reign, entitled An Act for regulating the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, and for repealing the several Acts therein mentioned, and to explain and amend an Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of said Reigv, entitled An Act for the further Regulation of the Election of Members to serve in Parliament*

m±jULi c Whereas an act passed in the thirty-fifth year of big present Majesty's reign, entitled. An Act for regulating the election of members to serve in parliament, and for repealing the several acts therein mentioned: And whereas an act Redtal 37 0 s. R88*^ in the thirty-seventh year of the said reign, entitled. An act for the further regulation of members to serve in parliament, and it is necessary to explain and amend the same: and whereas by said acts it is required that every freeholder of any county registering his freehold, shall, in the oath or affirmation to be oy him taken for that purpose, set out the barony or half barony wherein such freehold is situated; doubt* oa to And whereas doubts have arisen whether the city of Lon-Sti^c*ofLonf ^onderry, and that part of the liberties thereof which is donderry0, and" situate and lying on the north-west side of the river Foyle; mho town and and also whether the town of Coleraine, and that part of ^Colcrainr^5 ^>crt, e8 thereof which is situate and lying on the north-o crime.east sjde the river Bann, in the county of Londonderry, are comprised or included in any barony or half barony, in the said county of Londonderry, or are in themselves respectively baronies or half baronies, for the purposes of registering of freeholds within the provisions of the said recited doubts is to acts: And whereas doubts have likewise arisen, whether any freeholder, whose freehold is situate in the said city of Loupes: donderry, and in the said part of the liberties thereof, or in

the said town of Coleraine, and in the IWt part of the liberties thereof, and who has registered his freehold as being so situate, is entitled by virtue of such registry, under the provisions of the said acts, to vote at any election for a knight or knights of the Shire to serve in parliament for the said county of Londondeny; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this act the said c«ty of Londonderry, and that part of the said liberties thereof situate and lying on the north-west side of the river

v Foyle

301

The Fortieth Year of George III.

Foyle and the said town of Coleraine, and that part of the said liberties thereof situate and lying on the north-east side of the river Bann, shall be considered as separate and dls* said places shall tincthalf baronies of the said county of Londonderry, for separate^Lf* the purposes within the meaning of said acts, notwithstand- baronies, ing any law, custom, or usage to the contrary.

II. And be it further enacted, That the sheriffs of the said city and county of Londonderry, when they have reason sha!?"

to apprehend a contest, or shall be required by any cmdi- cause two sepa-date at any election to be held by them, as in the said act rate booths to be is mentioned, shall cause to be erected two separate booths, two b^iding^6 or hire two separate buildings, one for the city of London- when necessary, derry, and said part of the said liberties thereof, and one for for said places, the town of Coleraine, and the said part of the said liberties thereof, exclusive of the several other booths or buildings re- deputy for each quired in and by said acts to be erected or hired for the several baronies and half baronies in and within the said county, and in every other respect, with regard to the said city, and said part of said liberties and said town, and said part of said liberties respectively, shall pursue the same rules and regulations as are prescribed thereby for baronies or half baronies, and shall appoint a clerk and deputy for said city, and the said part of the said liberties thereof, and for the said town, and the said part of the said liberties thereof respectively, in the like manner as in and by said acts is directed respecting the several baronies or half baronies therein mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted, That on every election for a knight or knights of the Shire for the said county of Londonderry, every freeholder whose freehold shall be regis- piacesSshall tered as situate in the said city of Londonderry, and the said be polled at their part of the said liberties thereof, or in the said town °ffcsPctive Coleraine, and the said part of the said liberties thereof, and boot 9i offering to vote, shall be polled in the booth, building, or

place respectively appropriated to said city, and the said part of the said liberties thereof, or for the said town, and the said part of the said liberties thereof, as the case may be, as fully and effectually as if the same were baronies or haTf baronies within the meaning of said acts.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in the registry of all freeholds situate in the said city of Londonderry, or in the said part of the said liberties thereof, or in the said town of Coleraine, or said part of the said liberties thereof respectively, the words barony or half barony, baronigs or half barony baronies, town-land or town-lands, as directed in the said &c. &c. may be acts to be mentioned in the oath or affirmation of the person omitted in reregistering the same, shall be omitted therein, and the

words city of Londonderry, or that part of the liberties places, and thereof situate and lying on the north-west side of the river words herein Foyle, or town of Chleraine, or that part of the liberties ^e^rpUce

thereof

1

/ SOS The Fortieth Year of George III.

thereof situate and lying on the north-east side of the river Bann, as the case may be, shall be respectively inserted in their place, and that such registry shall be, to all intents, good and effectual, any thing in said acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding; provided always, That that part Eered*°^. liberties of the said city of Londonderry situate and barony of Ter- lying on the north-east side of the river Foyle, shall be keerin.*deemed and taken as part of the half barony of Terkeerin, in the said county of Londonderry, and that all freeholds situate in said last mentioned part of said liberties shall be henceforth registered, pursuant to the provisions of said acts, as being and lying in the said half barony of Terkeerin, part in halfba- and also, that that part of the liberties of Coleraine situate rony of Cole- on the north-west side of the river Bann, shall be deemed and raine* taken as part of the half barony of Coleraine; and that all

freeholds situate in the said last mentioned part of said liberties of Coleraine shall be henceforth registered, pursuant to the provisions of the said acts, as being and lying in the said half barony of Coleraine.

Freeholds not to V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no be deemed un- freehold registered since the passing of said acts, or either of duly registered. them> an(j situate and lying within the said city and liberties of Londonderry, or the said town and liberties of Coleraine shall be deemed to be unduly or not properly registered, for or on account of the omission or insertion in the oath or affirmation taken or made in order to register the same, of the words, barony or baronies, half barony or half baronies, for or on account of the said city and liberties of Londonderry, or said town and liberties of Coleraine, not being mentioned or described therein, or for, or on account of their being improperly mentioned or described therein, but that every person whose freehold being situate in the said city and liberties of Londonderry, or in said town and liberties of Coleraine, shall have been so registered, shall, notwithstanding such omission or insertion, be admitted to vote at any election for a knight or knights of the Shire for the said county of Londonderry, to serve in parliament, the test of the writ for holding of which election shall bear date before the first day of May, one thousand eight hundred and one, and no longer.

5001. penalty on

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any clerk of the f'nie ££" Peace shall om^ or neg^ect to keep any of the books of re-tolteep book* of gistry of freeholders, in the manner and form prescribed by registry, or to law, or to file any affidavit or affirmation delivered to him file affidavits, by the court to be filed, he shall, for every such offence forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds, to be recovered against him by any freeholder who shall sue for the same by action, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record, in which no essoign, wager at law, nor more than one imparlance shall be allowed; and if any clerk of

the

The Fortieth Year of George III. SOS

the peace shall destroy, or wilfully or negligently permit to of

be destroyed, or shall maliciously, fraudulently, corruptly, or for transires-6 wilfully make or permit, or suffer to be made any altera- sions herein tien, erasure, obliteration, or interlineation in any such book described, of registry, or neglect to attend, by himself, or his sufficient deputy, at any election for a member or members to serve in parliament for any county, town, or city, with all and singular the books of the registry of the freeholders therein, and the affidavits on which the same are formed, and to remain there during the whole continuance of such election, he shall, upon being duly convicted thereof, be adjudged guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall be imprisoned for three years, or suffer such other punishment as the court shall think fit, and shall be for ever after incapable of holding the office of clerk of the peace.

CHAP. LXXXII.

An Act for the further Encouragement of building and improving on Glebe Lands.

Whereas several archbishops and bishops of this kingdom Preamble, are at times obliged to absent themselves therefrom, and no persons are empowered during such their absence, to approve of and sign writings containing accounts of the nature and extent of buildings and improvements intended to be erected and made on glebe lands, or to sign or execute certificates, charging the successors of such ecclesiastical persons as may intend to build or improve, or who have built or improved on their glebe lands, within the respective dioceses of such archbishops and bishops as are or may be absent from this kingdom, during their absence respectively, with the payment of any sum of money on account of such buildings and improvements, pursuant to the laws now in being, for the encouragement of building and improving on glebe lands in this kingdom, whereby many ecclesiastical persons are delayed, impeded* and prevented from building and improving on glebe lands; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by lnabsc^of and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and archbishops or temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, b"b?p5» and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may^andi^x?1* be lawful for the vicar general of each diocese within this writings ten-kingdom, during the absence of any archbishop or bishop ofjkj^jjben*' such diocese from this kingdom, to receive, approve of, and n^nne^wjl sign a writing, tendered to him by any ecclesiastical person scribed by 12 G. holding a benefice within such diocese, subscribed by such

ecclesiastical


m

vtern peocnl

*ut iwk com* UM for viewing ud otrnatxag

Vnkluxfv

ray urn ctrd-stato, u br tax) act, tad VtIO W.lirt droctrd.

Fehal 11 and as w; . 3.

3T4* Fortieth Year of George III.

ecdetiastical person in the manner prescribed and directed by an act of parliament pawed in this kingdom in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the first, entitled. An act to amend and explain an Act, entitled. An act to encourage building of houses, and making other improvements on church lands, and to prevent dilapidations, and containing such account of the nature and extent of the buildings and improvements proposed to be made by such ecclesiastical person on his glebe lands, as are by said act prescribed and directed; and that it shall and may be lawful for the vicar general of each diocese of this kingdom, during the absence from this kingdom of the archbishop or bishop of such diocese, to issue commissions for the viewing and estimating the value of all buildings and improvements erected and made on glebe lands within such diocese; and such commissions on camplaints of dilapidations in such buildings and improvements as are by said act directed and appointed, and to ascertain such sums as he shall judge reasonable to be allowed for such dilapidations, and to make out, execute, and sign such certificates, as by the said act of the twelfth of George the first, and also by an act passed in this kingdom in the tenth year of the reign of the late King William the third, entitled. An act to ticourngc bail ling of houses, and making other improvements on Church lands> and to prevent dilapidations, are directed and appointed to be made out, signed, and executed by the several archbishops and bishops of the several dioceses of this kingdom, and all such writings, commissions and certificates so as aforesaid, signed, executed and issued by the several vicars general of the several dioceses of this kingdom, during the absence from this kingdom of the archbishops and bishops of said dioceses respectively, shall be as good and valid in law, to all intents ana purposes, and shall create and establish as good and effectual charges on the successors of ecclesiastical persons who shall build and improve on their glebe lands, and shall as effectually bind such successors to the payment and discharge of the several proportions of such charges as are limited, directed, and appointed by the the several acts of parliament in this kingdom for the encouragement of building and improving on glebe lands, as if such writings, commissions and certificates had been apnoved of, signed, issued and executed by the said archbishops and bishops of said dioceses, had they been present and residing within this kingdom.

II. Whereas by an act passed in the eleventh and twelfth years of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An Act for rendering more effectual the several laws for the better enabling the clergy having cure ofsouls to reside upon their bentfees, and to build on their respective glebe lands, and to prevent dilapidations, and for the encouragement of protestant schools within this kingdom of Ireland, it is amongst other things enacted, That in all cases where any archbishop, bishop or other 5 ecclesiastical

05

The Fortieth Year of George III.

ecclesiastical person shall, after the passing of said act, obtain a certificate for erecting new buildings, or for making other necessary improvements on a new-scite within his demesne, glebe, or mensal lands, in such manner as is directed by an act passed in the twelfth year of King George the first, entitled, An act to explain and amend an act entitled. An act to encourage the building of houses, and making other improvements on church tanas, and to prevent dilapidations, such archbishop, bishop, or other ecclesiastical person, his executors or administrators respectively, shall from his next immediate successor, instead of three-fourths of such sum, have and receive the full sum comprised and specified in such certificate, provided always, that such sum shall not exceed the clear value of two years income; and provided also, that nothing in said act contained Should extend, or be construed to extend to any repairs, additions, or improvements, which Should be made to any buildings or other improvements which had been formerly made: And whereas doubts have arisen, Doubts relative whether the mansion-house erected on the see lands of Meath to the mansion-can be considered as built on a new scite notwithstanding it was so certified, according to the provisions of the said 8ee ° recited act; be it therefore enacted, that the certificate so granted shall be deemed good and valid in law, to all intents and purposes, and that the said see shall stand charged with the sum so certified, according to the provisions of the said recited act, and that the present bishop of the said see, Said See shall and his successors, shall stand charged therewith, in thecharged manner and in the proportions^ the said act specified and, ^£#UIXl set forth.

CHAP. LXXXin.

An Act to facilitate the building and re-building of Churches and Chapels.

Whereas by lapse of time and other means, churches and Preamp chapels 'have become, and do from time to time become so decayed and ruinous, that the cannot be repaired; And whereas the modes of compelling churchwardens and parishioners to rebuild their parish churches are tedious and insufficient; be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual* and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this act, all xPariphes And parishes, and unions may be cessed for the building and re- unions may be building of churches and chapels, in like manner as they cessed for build-VoL. XII. V^ing re-building

90S '

churches, u they may for repairs of churches*

Mot to effect the

of sdtesof ehurches.

[Preamble.]

Recited, acts of t5jmdSl G. 3. and so 'touch of £1

The Fortieth Year of George III.

may for repairing churches and chapels by the laws now in being, and that all archbishops, bishops, rectors, vicars, and curates, and all church-wardens ana vestries shall have the like powers to cess all parishes and unions, and to applot and levy such cesses, and be accountable for the same, and to do all other matters and things for the building and rebuilding of churches, and shall have and exercise all other powers touching and concerning the building and re-building of the same in all respects whatsoever, which they now have respectively, touching and concerning the repairing of churches ana chapels; provided always, that nothing in this act contained snail alter and change, or be construed to alter or change the laws now in being relating to the changing the scites of churches.

CHAP. LXXXIV.

An Act for repeating an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty, entitled. An Act for establishing a complete School of Physic in this Kingdom; and also far repealing an Act passed in the thirty first Year of his present Majety, entitled. An Act to explain and amend an Act for establishing a complete School of Physic in this Kingdom, and also for extending and enlarging the Powers of / the President and Fellows of the King and Queen's College of Physicians, and establishing a complete School of Physic in this Kingdom.

Whereas the president and fellows of the King's and Queen's college of physicians in Ireland have petitioned parliament, setting forth that various difficulties had arisen m carrying the said acts of the twenty-fifth and thirty-fiist of his present Majesty into execution, occasioned by the manner of framing the same*; that several of the provisions of the said acts appear from experience to be now unnecessary, and others imperfect, and therefore that it is expedient arid necessary for the good government of the said college, and for the advancement of the said school of physic in me science of medicine, to alter, and amend the said acts; and whereas the accomplishment of the objects of the said petition would be of great public advantage; be it therefore enacted by the King's' most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, ana by the authority of the same, That the said recited acts of the twenty-fifth and thirty-first of his present Majesty, and so much of an act made in this kingdom in the twenty-first year of his late Majesty

4

The Fortieth Year o/1 George III. $07

jesty King George the second, entitled. An act for vacating p* jj: w*..the office of the King's professor in Dublin i upon the death or sur- herebyW-'

render of the present King's professor, anrf /or erecting three pealed. professorships of physic in the said: ity9 instead thereof as relates to the number of professors, the electors, and the mode of election, the tenure and salaries of the said professors, and the times and manner of lecturing, be, and the same are hereby repealed.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Professorships instead of the professorships appointed by the said acts, or any

of them, the following professorships shall be established, blished instead namely, a professorship of the institutes of medicine; a of such as were professorship of the practice of medicine; and a professorship ^SSactT^of the materia medica and pharmacy; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the president and fellows of the King and Queen's college of physicians*in Ireland, whenever they shall think proper, and the fends shall permit, to add to the said professorships a professorship of midwifery, which said professors shall be called, the King's professors in the city of Dublin, on the foundation of Sir Patrick Dunn; and the said several and respective professors shall have perpetual perpetual suc. continuance and succession; and that the persons heretofore cession, elected and appointed to, and who are now in possession of present profes-the said professorships of the institutes of medicine, of the son shall eon-practice of medicine, and of the materia medica and phar- tinue* macy, under the provisions of said act of the twenty-fifth of his present Majesty, shall be, and they are hereby constituted /and appointed professors in the said several branches respectively, until the expiration of the time for which they were so respectively elected, and that their respective successors, and the said professor of midwifery, when that professorship shall be added to the others, and his successors, shall be nominated, appointed, elected, and chosen, in the manner and form herein after mentioned and set forth.

III. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Salaries of each of the said King's professors, and his successors, shall re- professors, ceive, during his continuance in the said professorship, an anpual salary of one hundred pounds, and no more, out of

the clear yearly rents and profits of the real and personal estate of the said Sir Patrick Dunn.

IV. And whereas after the payment of the salaries of the Surplus of said three professors, there will be at present a surplus of the etate; clear issues and profits of the said Sir Patrick Dunn's estate* amounting annually to the sum of nine hundred pounds, or thereabouts; and whereas clinical lectures are highly necessary for promoting the success of a school of physic; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said president and fellows of the said college of physicians, and they are hereby required to apply,

with the consent and approbation oi the chancellor or Trill 2 nity

08

The Fortieth Year of George III.

nity college, or in his absence, the vice-chancellor, the archbishop of Dublin, the provost of Trinity college, and the professor of physic in the same, or any two of them, a sum npt exceeding one hundred and fifty pounds, out of the said annual surplus, as ground relit for a lot of ground on which an hospital, wherein clinical lectures shall be given, may be erected, and also to apply the residue of the said surplus, 8alary to a libn- after payment of a salary of seventy pounds yearly to a li- brarian, as herein after provided, the expence of receiver's

fees foe collecting the rents of the said estate, and the necessary expence of advertising lectures, and other riiatters incident to the said school of physic, annually, to the building of such hospital, until it shall be so far completed as to accommodate thirty patients therein, which hospital shall be called Sir Patrick Dunn's, hospital, the government whereof Board of govern- is hereby vested in a board, consisting of the visitors of the i- co^e8e physicians, of the president, vice-president, and til. #*censors of the same, of the provost of Trinity college, Dub-

lin, and of twelve other persons, to be by said governors chosen and elected out of those who may become subscribers to the building or maintenance of said hospital; provided that no physician or surgeon who shall attend patients in the same, shall be capable of acting as a governor of the said^liopital.

misitonen for*1"* And for the more speedy completion of the said hos-carrying on the pital, be it enacted, That eight of shall be, and building of Sir they are hereby appointed with full powers to carry the£"*»- building of such hospital into effect and execution, according P to the true intent and meaning of this act, which said commissioners are hereby impowered to contract for a sufficient lot of ground, to be granted or demised to the president and fellows of the said college of physicians, on which the said hospital shall be erected, at any relit not exceeding the yearly sum of one hundred and fifty pound, as also to receive and apply such donations and contributions, public or private, as may be made for building such* hospital, or for the privilege of sending patients to be relieved in the same, and also to receive and adopt such plans and estimates as they shall approve for the same, and to employ such artificers of every description as shall be necessary for the completion of the said hospital, according to the true intent and meaning of this act; and the president and fellows of the said college shall, and they are hereby required, from time to time,

' to pay such artificers, respectively, the full amount of their just demands for building and finishing such hospital, upon producing a certificate from the said of, or any three or more of them, that such demand is just, to the full extent of the yearly surplus of the rents of the said estate, and the other sums hereby appropriated as a fund for building such hospital.

ed

The Fortieth Year of George III.

S09

VI. And be it enacted, That the right honourable Sack- Name* of com-ville Hamilton, the provost of Trinity college, Dublin, the theirpSwer^ president of the college of physicians, for the time being.

Sir Francis Hutchinson, baronet, George Knox, esquire, commonly called the honourable George Knox, Arthur Browne, esquire, doctor of laws, William Digges Latouche, and Abraham Wilkinson, both of the city of Dublin, esquires, shall be, and they are hereby nominated and appointed of for the purposes aforesaid, and that they, or any three or more of them, shall be empowered to do all necessaVy acts in ^he completing the said hospital, and' that on the death or resignation of any of them, it shall and may be lawful for the visitors of the said college of physicians to appoint a fit and proper person, who may be willing to undertake the trust, to succeed the person so dying or resigning.

VII. And be it enacted, That the said of shall AiTeawofrenti, be, and they are hereby empowered to cause all arrears of the monies to be rents of the said Sir Patrick Dunn's estate, which shall be paid to said due on the first of November next, to be called in, which ar- of, rears, together with such balance of the funds of the said college of physicians, as shall remain in the hands of the treasurer of 'the said college on the eighteenth of October next, shall be paid to the said of by the said treasurer, when they shall denfiand the same, or any part thereof, and be applied by the said of in building and completing the said hospital.

VIII. And whereas a sum of one thousand two hundred i200Mn English

pounds stands vested in the public funds of Great Britain,*

which belongs to the said college, and constitutes a part of

the funds applicable by them to the purposes of their in« stitution, be it enacted, That the said of shall be, and they are hereby empowered to cause the said stock to be sold for the best price which can be had for the same, and to apply the produce to the like purpose of building and completing such hospital.

IX. And be it enacted, That no clinical patients shall beAtwhattim* maintained at the expence, or out of the rents of the estate clinical patient* of the said Sir Patrick Dunn, until such hospital as aforesaid InRin, shall be complete*! for the reception of such thirty patients

and after it shall have been so completed, either by due application of the funds hereby provided for the same, or by private contributions, or both, then, after defraying the necessary expfences of supporting such thirty patients, andqf the establishment of such hospital, the (dear residue of such annual surplus of the rents of the said estate, shall be applied to enlarging the said hospital, until by such application, or by public or private contributions, or both, such hospital shall be so far enlarged as to afford accommodation fyi' the reception of one hundred patients, and shall in ad-

i'dition -

S10

The Fortieth Year of George III.

ApflcadoB <d

dftSoo contain Decenary apartments for a library and medical lecture room.

X. And be it enacted, That after such hospital shall be completed, and after defraying the charges arising from such salaries and expences as aforesaid, and the necessary expences of maintaining such one hundred patients, and die establishment of such hospital, which shall not be defrayed by private contributions, then the clear annual surplus of die rents of the said estate shall be applied, in the first {dace, to support a professor of midwifery, who shall have a salary of one hundred pounds a year, and no more; and after payment of such salary, then to such other purposes in advancement of the science of medicine, and of such school of physic as aforesaid, as shall be approved by the chancellor of the university of Dublin, or in his absence, the vice-chancellor, the archbishop of Dublin, the provost of Trinity college, or in his absence, the vice-provost, and the professor of physic of the university of Dublin, or any two or more of than. Daty sfgtag*

XL. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said King's professors, and their guccssors, shall read and give clinical lectures upon the patients in the said hospital, at least two days in each week during every session, without any further allowance for the same out of the issues and profits of the said Sir Patrick Dunn's estate than their aforesaid yearly salaries of one hundred pounds each; and i'*rfr that the said King's professors, and the university professors Sty prose*wnfto herein after mentioned shall read such lectures during the tadlectures. space of three months, in alternate succession, as has been heretofore practised, or in such other order as they shall Pupils to pay Cor agree upon amongst themselves; and that every pupil who lectures, cu> shall attend the said lectures, shall pay to the professor whose lectures he shall attend, the sum of three guineas fox each Pupils topuy for three months course of lectures, and that every pupil, before he lcctBm,c# shall be admitted to attend the said lectures, shall enter his

name with the treasurer of the said hospital, and shall pay to such treasurer, for the use of said clinical hospital, the sum of twenty guineas, unless such pupil shall have been matriculated in the university of Dublin, or of Oxford, or of Cambridge, according to the statutable forms of such universities' respectively, and shall have continued his studies in arts, under a tutor, in one of the said universities for the space of two years at least, in which case such pupil shall only pay the sum of three guineas to such treasurer for the use of the said clinical hospital; and such pupils, upon obtaining the said treasurer's receipts for the said payment of twenty, or three guineas, as the case may be, shall be admitted to attendance on the said lectures for the space of one year from the date of the said receipt; and if such pupil shall wish to continue his attendance on the said lectures for a longer term than one year, he shall pay to the said treasurer, for the use of the said

hospital,

The Fortieth Year of George III.

*11

hospital, for the time he ahall so continue to attend, at the rate of twenty guineas, or three guineas, as the case may be, by the year.

XII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it Election and shall and may be lawful to and for the said president and feh duty of a lows, annually, on the eighteenth of October, to elect a libra- riaXL rian, who shall, under the controul and direction of the said president and fellows, superintend the purchase of books to

form a medical library, whenever there shall be a fund for-purchasing the same, and shall have the care of them, and of v all such books as have been heretofore purchased, and the management of the library*, and that such librarian shall, before he enters upon his office, give security by bond to the said president and fellows for the due care and preservation of the books committed to his care; and that such librarian shall receive an annual salary not exceeding seventy pounds, pro- salary 70L a vided he shall furnish the necessary fuel for such library and year, provided medical lecture Toom, and shall faithfully discharge such du- w herein, ties as shall be prescribed to him by the president and fellows

of the college of physicians, yrith the consent and approbation of the chancellor of Trinity College, or in his absence, the vice chancellor, the archbishop of Dublin, the provost of Trinity College, and the professor of physic in the same, or any two of them, and the books belonging to said library shall be deposited in a room or rooms provided for the purpose, in the hospital ta be erected for the reception of patients, on whose cases clinical lectures may be given; ana until such RoomglnTrt_ hospital shall be erected, the provost of Trinity College shall nity College, be, and he is hereby empowered to grant a room or rooms in until hospital b said college, where said books may be deposited, and that said room shah be at all times under his inspection and controuL in like manner, under the same restrictions and regulations as are established with respect^to all other rooms in said college; provided always, that nothing in this act shall be construed td affect the present librarian, from the passing of this.t

act until the eighteenth day of October next, when such new election is to take place, save and except the controul hereby given to the provost of Trinity College over the apartments in said college, now occupied by the said librarian.

XIII. And whereas by an act passed in the twenty-fifth '

year of the reign of his Majesty King George the third, it

was enacted, That there Should be three professors in the university of this kingdom, who Should be called university professors, that is to say, a professor of anatomy and chirur-gery, a professor of chymistry, and a professor of botany, and that the then present lecturers in the said several branches Should be constituted and appointed professors in the said several branches respectively; be it therefore enacted, ThatSUQ|Ter8ityprOA

Sit The Fortieth Year of George III.

petoal ween- ance and succession, and shall be elected in the manner, a*°°* for the time, and subject to the regulations herein after mentioned.

ProfcMort

XIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

supported by the said university professors shall be supported at the expence university. Of t^e university.

Time and man-

XV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That on day immediately preceding the day of holding the elec-of }>: .! ciana, tien of the said King's professor or professors, and in case die amt!<iing day so preceding shall happen on a Sunday or Christmas day, election* then on the day preceding such Sunday or Christmas-day, the president, or in his absence, the vice-president and fellows oT the King and Queen's college of physicians, shall, for ever hereafter, be convened by the said president, or in his absence by the vice-president, at such hour and place as shall be appointed by said president or vice-president, and shall»elect, by ballot, out ot themselves, three persons, and the said three persons so elected, together with the provost of Trinity College, Dublin, or in his absence, the vice-provost, and the professor of physic in the said university, all for the time being, shall be the electors into the King's professorship or professorships at that time vacant, and in like manner for ever hereafter, three persons shall be elected as aforesaid, from time to time, who with the said provost, or in his absence the said vice-provost, and the professor of physic in the said university of Dublin, shall for ever after be the electors of the said King's professors, and if there shall be ah equality of voices among the said electors, the senior doctor of phyric, if in case of the absence of any one of such electors, among the said three persons so elected as aforesaid, shall have the casting voice; which said King's professors shall be elected alter such previous examination as the said electors or the majority of them shall require.

How long elec-

XVI. And be it enacted, That the said electors so chosen tr*fthall conti-by ballot as aforesaid, shall continue in their office till the nu« in office. day next preceding the day of the next election of the next King's professor whose office shall become vacant, and no longer* and that on every vacancy such election shall be made by ballot as aforesaid; and that in case any one or more of the said three electors shall-die, resign his fellowship, or be removed from the college of physicians, or shall cease to re-v ride in the city of Dublin, between the election into one professorship and the vacancy of another, the president, or in his absence, the vice-president and fellows of the King and Queen's college of physicians, shall elect by ballot one other member of the said college of physicians, to fill the place of the elector whose place has so become vacant, which elector shall continue till the day next preceding the election of the next King's protester.


313

The Fortieth Year of George III.

XVII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Electors shall no elector of the said Xing's professors shall be eligible' into notbeProfessor* any of the King's professorships.

AVIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That University pro-the university professors shall' be elected in the usual and ac- lessors to be customed manned, by the provost, or in his absence, by the usu^manner vicemrovost and senior fellows of Trinity College, Dublin.

XIX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That 3 months notice previous to every election either of the King's professors or of Khf^Co°n °i the said university professors, unless when it shall be thought versfty profes*-proper to continue the same professors, three months notice sors, in Dublin shall be given in the Dublin and London Gazettes, which no- ande^e"d£n tice shall be signed by the register of the said college of Dub.-

lin, and also by the register of the said college of physicians, which notice shall set forth the professorship or professorships that shall at that time be vacant, or are expected to be vacant, the emoluments and advantages attending such professorship or professorships, the time and place of the intended election or elections, and desiring that all persons intending to offer themselves as candidates Should send in their names, the places of their education, the universities in which they have taken their medical degrees, and the places where they have practised, to the said registers, and that the said register Name* and ad-of the college of physicians shall lay the same before the <jition» ofcandi-said president, or in his absence, the vice-president and fel- Erected tobc lows of the said college of physicians, and the register of the said before the College of Dubliti shall lay the same before the provost, or in Colleges by their his absence, the vice-provost and senior fellows of the said college of Dublin, to the end that opportunity may be given to enquire into the merits of every candidate.

XX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Prose*or*hip» the said professorships of the institutes or medicine, of the Bunn's founda-practice of medicine, of the materia medica and pharmacy, tien, open to all and of midwifery, on the foundation of Sir Patrick Dunn, Christians.*shall be open to persons of all nations professing their faith

in Christ; and the said professorships of the university of ofuniversky9 Dublin to protestants of all nations, provided they shall nave open to all* taken medical degrees, or shall have obtained a license to protestants who practise from the said college of physicians, in consequence J^ree*. CD* of a testimonium under the seal of Trinity College, Dublin. 6

XXI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That immediately before every election, unless in cases where the same professors shall be continued, the several electors, as well of the King's professors, in case of an election of one of the said professor^, as also the electors of the university professors, in case of the election of any of the said univer- 7 sity professors, shall take the following oath, or if a quaker affirm the same;

J A. B,

514 The Fortieth Year of George III.

Omk to be I A.B. do trocar that I will to the best of my judgment and opinion, and without favour, partialityf or prejudice, vote for such candidate for the vacant professorships, at shall appear to me to be the best qualifiedfor the tame.

So help me God.

'Addition fat cue And in case of the electors of any of the King's professors, words shall be added, save only such preference as has

US proses- ^rtcic^ f0fc given by sir Patrick Dunn, deceased; which oath the provost, or in his absence the vice-provost of Trinity College, Dublin, shall administer to the electors of the aid King's professors, and the president, or in his absence the vice-president of the King and Queen's college of physicians, shall administer to the electors of the university professors; which said oaths the said provost, vice-provost, president, and vice-president, are hereby respectively empowered and required to administer.

XXII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That immediately after every professor shall be declared duly elected, he shall take the following oath, or if a quaker, affirm the same:

Oahto betaken / A.B. do swear, that I will diligently, and to the best of PufOS?* md drill an& judgment, perform the several duties of the pro-fworship to which I have this day been elected.

So help me God.

Which oath or affirmation the president, or in his absence, the vice-president of the King and Queen's college of physicians in Dublin, in the case of the King's professors, and the provost, or in his absence the vice-provost of Trinity College, Dublin, in the case of the university professors, are hereby respectively empowered and required to* administer.

XXIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, profeMottto*- That every professorship mentioned in this act, shall become e*onD*r* vacant at the end of every seventh year from the date of the election; provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the present professoft in chemistry and botany, in Trinity College, Dublin, to hold the said university professorships during their respective good behaviour, being the tenure of their present professorships.

ProfeMors may

XXIV. Provided further, and be it enacted by the autho-be continued, s rity aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the b^ngriven m °^ president and fellows of the collage of physicians, with DuMfauidLon- respect to the King's professors, and to and for the provost, don nsettes, or ip his absence, the vice-provost and senior fellows of Tri-«tere?U?Col- College, with respect to the university professors, if

Uge book*. they shall respectively judge it fit so to do, to direct that the said

The Fortieth Year of George III. SIS

said professors, or any of them, shall continue to hold their professorship or professorships for another term of iseven years after the expiration of the term for which he or they were elected; provided always, that the said president and fellows of the college of physicians, and the said provost, or in his absence, the vice provost and senior fellows of Trinity college, do respectively give three months notice, previous to the time at which the election to such professorships would otherwise have been held, in the Dublin and London gazettes, of such their direction, which notices shall be signed by the registers of the said colleges, respectively, and shall set forth the name or names of the professor or professors so directed to be continued, and shall specify the professorship or professorships in which they are so to be continued, and such direction being duly entered in the books of the said colleges respectively, and the said notices being duly published, as aforesaid, it shall be lawful to and for the professor. or professors named in such direction and notice, to continue to hold the professorship or professorships specified therein, fora further term of seven y£ars, from the expiration of the term for which he or they was or were respectively elected, without any other nomination or election.

XXV. rrovided further, and be it enacted by the autho- professors may rity aforesaid, That at the expiration of every seventh year, be candidate*, every professor^hose professorship shall then become vacant,

may become a candidate for the same, or any other of the 'fcaid professorships, and shall be capable of being elected thereto.

XXVI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That pre8ident and the said president and fellows of the said King and Queen's fellows may college of physicians shall have power, from time to time, to roke niles and make rules and orders to regulate the conduct of the King's shall^eTommu-professors, which rules and orders the register of the said nicated to Tricollege of physicians shall communicate to the register of nitY College. Trinity college, Dublin, to be by him laid before the provost

and senior fellows of the said college, and the said provost and senior fellows, or a majority of them, together with the said provost, shall have power from time to time, to make rules and orders to regulate the conduct of the said university ^Jior feUows professors, which rules and orders the register of Trinity may make rules college, Dublin, shall communicate to the register of the for university said college of physicians, to be by him laid before the last ^chTbail be mentioned college; provided always, that the said rules and communicated orders shall not be 'inconsistent with any of the clauses or to college of directions contained in this act of parliament. physicians.

XXVII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case the president, or in his absence, the vice-president and college of physicians, shall, at any time, disapprove of any of the said rules and orders made^ as aforesaid,

by

C.

btil be <l©ne when one Colle*e disapprove* of the ml* and orders of the Other.

Professor' may be admonished f'>r neglect* and in case of obstinate ncrlectmay be displaced.

Professors may appeal

When one C «'*s-

iati-.iiv'l with

The Fortieth Year of George III.

by the provost and senior fellows, and redress shall not be given in ten days after complaint thereof made to the said provost, or in his absence, the vice-provost and senior fellows, that in every such case the said president or vice president and college of physicians, may prefer their complaint to the visitors of Trinity College, Dublin, who shall summarily hear the matter or complaint, and grant redress, in case the same shall appear to them to be well founded, and if otherwise shall dismiss the same; and in case the said provost, or in his absence, the vice provost and senior fellows, shall, at any time disapprove of any of the said rules and orders so made, as aforesaid, by the president and college of physicians, and redress shall not be given in ten days after complaint thereof made to the said president, or in his absence, the vice-president and college of physicians* that in every such case, the provost, or in his absence, the vice-provost, and senior fellows, may prefer their complaint to the visitors of the said college of physicians, or to any two of them, who shall summarily hear the matter of the said complaint, and grant redress, in case the same shall appear to them to be well founded, and if otherwise shall dismiss the same, and the said visitors, respectively, on the hearing of every such appeal, shall have power to examine the witnesses upon oath, whenever they shall find it necessary so to do.

XXVIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any professor shall wilfully neglect to perform the duty of his professorship, it shall and may be lawful to and for the electors of the JKing's professors, m case of the said professors, and to and for the provost or in his absence, the vice-provost and senior fellows of Trinity College, Dublin, in case of the university professors, to admonish the said professors, and in case of obstinate neglect of duty after such admonition, to deprive the said professor of his professorship.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by theaufho-, rity aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for any professor so ordered, as aforesaid, to be admonished or deprived, to appeal in the case of any of the King's professor^ to the visitors of the said college of physicians, or any two of them, and in the case of any of the university professors, to the visitors of Trinity College, Dublin, as the case may happen, which said appeal shall be lodged in one week after the said order for admonishing or depriving, and it shall and may be lawful for the said visitors, respectively, to aitinn or reverse the said oixler, and in hearing such appeals, to examine witnesses upon oath, which oath the said visitors, respectively, ane heVeby empowered to administer.

XXX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the provost, or in his absence, the vice-provost and senior fellows, shall, at any time be dissatisfied with the conduct of

The Fortieth Year of George III. #17

ttny of the said King's professors, or if the said president, or the conduct of in his absence, the vice-president and fellows of the said college of physicians, shall, at any time, be dissatisfied with complain^maj the conduct of any of the said university professors, and after be laid before complaint made by the provost, or in his absence, the vice-provost, and senior fellows to the president, or in his absence, the vice-president and fellows of the said college of physicians, or by them to the said provost, or in his absence, to - the vice-provost and senior fellows, redress shall not be given in ten days after such complaint shall have been preferred, the same may be laid by the provost, or in his absence, the vice-provost and senior fellows, before the visitors of the said college of physicians, or any two of them, and by the said president, or in his absence, the vice-president and fellows of said college of physicians, before the visitors of Trinity College, Dublin, which said visitors, respectively, shall summarily hear the matter of the said complaint, and grant re- # dress In case the same shall appear to be well founded, and if otherwise shall dismiss the same; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said visitors, respectively, to examine witnesses upon oath whenever they shall find it necessary so to do, which oaths the said visitors are hereby empowered to administer.

XXXI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, Commencement That the lectures of each professor, (those on botany ex- and continuance cepted) shall commence on the first Monday in November, ° ecturet* ana continue until the end of April, and shall be given four days in the week at least; and that the lectures on botany shall commence on the second-Monday in May, and continue until the end of July in every year, and shall be given four days in the week at least; provided always, That it shall and Rea90naWe^may be lawful to and for the president and fellows of the cations from college of physicians, with respect to the lectures of the lecturing may King's professors, and to and for the provost, or in his ab. be appointed, sence, the vice provost and senior fellows of Trinity

College, Dublin, fdr those of the university professors, to appoint such reasonable vacations from lecturing, during those periods, as they shall respectively judge expedient; provided always, that it shall and may be Lawful to and for the provost, or in his absence, the vice-provost and senior fellows of Trinity College, Dublin, to direct that the said lectures on botany shall commence at, and continue to eC"

any other time, as thgy from time to time shall think proper.

aXXII. And be it dnacted by the authority aforesaid, That Lecturet in thd said several lectures by the King's professors, and the English clinical lectures, shall be given in the English language, unless specially ordered by the president and fellows of the said college of physicians, in respect to any of the king's professors, or by the provost and senior fellows of Trinity College, in respect to the university professors, in a room or rooms'provided for that purpose, in the hospital to be erected for

clinical

Sis

The Fortieth Year ^ George III.

of provost.

Fees to be i

persons

inflect!

lectures.

Rooms maybe clinical lectures, and until such hospital be erected, the pro-unSmStrJfar v08t Trinity College shall be, and ne is hereby empowered dSn^Tkctures, to grant a room or rooms where such lectures may be given, under cootrool and that said rooms shall be at all times under his inspection and controul, in like manner, under the same restrictions and regulations which are established with respect to all other rooms in said college.

XXXIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said several professors to charge reasonable fees, to be paid by all such

Kns as attend the respective lectures, except the clinical res, the fees for which have been already provided for, the said fees to be paid on admission, and to be from time to time regulated, in respect to sir Patrick Dunn's professors, by the president and college of physicians, and in respect to the said university professors, by the provost and senior fellows of Trinity College, Dublin.

Matriculation of

XXXIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid,

1 That the several students in physic shall be matriculated in the said university, by having their names entered in a book to be kept for that purpose, for which entry each student shall pay the sum of five shillings, and no more, but no such student, unless he shall think proper so to do, shall be obliged to have a tutor, or to answer the examinations, or to attend to any of the academical duties of the said university; and that the said several lecturers shall, during each medical session, when they shall have delivered one half of their several courses or lectures, return to the senior lecturer of Trinity College, for the time being, a list containing the names of such pupils as shall have attended them during such part of said course of their respective lectures.

CBalcal lectures

XXXV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

sk.

thorized to appoint the said clinical lectures to be given in without expence gucjJ hospital or hospitals in the city of Dublin, whose governors will allow such lectures to be given therein without expence to the estate of Sir Patrick Dunn, as shall be found most convenient for that purpose.

Psrti of recited'

XXXVI. And be it enacted by the&uthority aforesaid, That act 810. a, not every thing in the said recited act, made in the twenty-first year ^e reign of his late Majesty King George the second, force. and not herein before altered and amended, shall remain in

full force and effect, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Not to defeat the

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the au-

powm of guar- thority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall extend, ian» named in Qr construed to extend, to defeat or impeach, in any respect,

«aid act.

SIS

The Fortieth Year of George III.

peci, the powers and authorities vested by the said recited act in the several guardians by the said act named.

XXXVIII. And whereas the late King William and Queen Mary, by their charter, dated at Dublin on the fifteenth day of December, in the fourth year of their reign, did incorporate the said president and fellows of the college of physicians, by the name of the president and fellows of the King and Queen's college of physicians in Ireland, and did thereby appoint sundry rules ana regulations, and vest several powers in the said president and fellows, for the due regulation and government'of the saicfeollege, and did thereby appoint the lord chancellor, or lord keeper of the great seal, the lord chief justice of the King's bench, the lord chief justice of the common pleas, and the lord chief baron of the court of exchequer, all of Ireland, for the time being, to be for ever thereafter the visitors of the said college and corporation; and doubts have arisen how far the said appointment of the said persons as visitors of the said college is valid in law, and it would tend much to preserve the peace and good order of the said college, and to promote the good purposes intended by this act, ifvisitors of the said college were auly appointed, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the right honourable John JBarl of Clare, lord high chancellor of Ireland, the right honourable Arthur lord Kuwarden, lord chief justice of the court of King's bench in Ireland, the right honourable Hugh lord viscount Carleton, lord chief justice of the common pleas in Ireland, and the right honourable Barry lord Yelverton, loVd chief baron of the court oT exchequer in Ireland, shall be, and they are hereby constituted the present visitors of the said college or corporation; and that the lord chancellor or lord keeper of the great seal of Ireland, the lord chief justice of the king's'bench, the lord chief justice of the common pleas, and the lord chief baron of the exchequer of Ireland, for the time being, shall be, from time to time, and for ever hereafter, the visitors of the said college and 9orporation.

XXXIX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said visitors, or any two of them, shall have full power and authority to receive and entertain, hear, examine, and finally determine any matter or cause relating to the internal conduot, management, regulation, and due government of the said college or corporation, or to the exercise of the powers and authorities vested in the said president and fellows of the said college by the present act; and all disputes and differences which may arise between the members of the said college, or between the said college and the said King's professors hereby appointed, or between the said professors themselves, relative to the concerns of the said college, or the duties of their said professorships, or the disposition and expenditure of the surplus of the said Sir Patrick Dunn's

estate,

Kings and Queen's college of physicians incorporated by Kingwiliiam and Queen Mary.

Lord chancellor and chief judges shall be visitors of said college of physicians.

Powers and authorities of said visitors.

320

Annual tc counts to be laid before vtriton, or persons appointed by them, which shall be lodged with the register and entered on the books.

Declaration of professors, See. relative to surplus of Sir Patrick Dunn's estates:

The Fortieth Year of George III.

estate, which may be brought by way of appeal before any two or more of them, and to appoint certain days, times and places for the hearing and adjudging thereof, and to summon, near, and examine upon oath, or otherwise, all and every the president and fellows and other members of the said college, and the said professors, touching the matter of the said appeal, to the end that a just and dear judgment and determination may be had therein; and finally, that the said visitors shall have, use, and exercise all and every such power and authority, with respect to the said college and corporation, as the visitors of any other coffige or private corporation are by law entitled to use and have.

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said president and fellows of the said college of physicians shall once in every year, render a true, just, and fuH account of the receipts and expenditures of the issues and profits of the estates, real and personal, of the said Sir Patrick Dunn, and of the application of the appropriated and unappropriated surplus thereof, before the said visitors, or some two of them, or such person or persons as shall be for that purpose appointed by the said visitors or any two of them, by writing, signed by them, or any two of them, which writing stuul be lodgea with the register of the said college, and an entry or copy thereof made on the books of the college, and the said account shall be rendered to the said visitors, or the persons so to be appointed by them, on the eighteenth day of October in every year; and if the said eighteenth day of October shall fall upon a Sunday, then on the next following day; and after the said account has been duly examined, rectified, and settled by the said visitors, or any two of thejro, or by the person or persons so appointed as aforesaid, it shall be signed and allowed by the said visitors, or any two of them, and entered or copied into the books of the said college.

XLI. And whereas differences of opinion have arisen in the college of physicians, respecting the application of the surplus funds or Sir Patrick Dunn, after payment of the King's professors: And whereas the college of physicians have, in the bill annexed to their petition presented to parliament, with the consent and at the desire of the King's professors, fellows of said college, and of Doctor Hill, professor of botany in the university, declared it as their opinion, That no person or persons whatsoever, members of u the said college of physicians, shall have, or give any vote " or direction relative to the disposition and expenditure of u the unappropriated surplus of the issues and profits of the M estates of the said Sir Patrick Dunn, so long as such per-" son or persons shall be entitled to receive any salary or " emolument from any portion of the revenues of the said 2 estates

The Fortieth Year of George III.

§81

estates of the said Sir Patrick DunnAnd whereas it would tend to the settlement of said college, and to the just and Professors who speedy execution of the powers vested in the president and are Fellows of fellows thereof, and to the just and speedy execution of the b?* powers vested in them by this act, that all the professors, Amoved, whether university or King's professors, who are fellows of said college, Should forthwith be amoved from their fellowships in manner hereafter mentioned, and that doctor Percival, professor of chvmistry, in the university, and president of the college of physicians, has declared his desire to be forthwith amoved from his fellowship and presidency; be it therefore enacted, That such of the fellows of the said college of physicians as are now professors in the school of Such fellows physic, whether King's or university professors, shall, from cr^Jj^rg ana after the passing of this act, cease to be fellows of the »haUbcrer!ov-said college, and shall, by authority thereof, be removed and may be from their said fellowships respectively; and that every ^Iecc^ 7o be fellow of the said college who shall hereafter accept any of prJ[eiwrt ° the said professorships, or the said office of librarian, snail, by such acceptance, immediately vacate his fellowship in the said college of physicians; provided always, that every such person may be re-elected a fellow of the said college whenever he shall cease to be a professor; and provided also, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the president and Prose*or* may fellows of the said college to elect any such professor, whilst he shall continue to hold his professorship, an honorary fel- "ry low of the said college, but no such honorary fellow shall be allowed to attend any meeting of the said college, or vote therein, unless when specially summoned by the president, or in his absence by the vice-president of the said college of physicians, to consult or vote only on matters which concern the regulating of the practice of medicine in this city or kingdom, and then votes shall be received in such cases, and none other.

XLII. And be it also enacted, That none of the said Qualification of professors, whether King's or university professors, shall be professor* or qualified to hold the King's professorship of physic in the fellow*, university of Dublin; and that no person shall be capable of being elected a fellow of said college of physicians who shall npt have taken the degree of bachelor or master in arts, or doctor in physic, in one of the universities Dublin, Oxford, or Cambridge, unless the number of fellows shall at any time be reduced to six, in which case only, whenever it may happen, such qualification of the degree of bachelor or master in arts, or doctor of physic, may be dispensed with, respectively.

XLIII. And whereas William Harvey, esquire, doctor Doctor*Harvey, of physic, Patrick Plunket, esquire, doctor of physic, and piunket and Daniel Bryan, esquire, doctor of physic, have lately'resigned Bryan.^9i8ned

thSir

You XII.

ships;

3 The Fortieth Year of George III.

their fellowship* in the said college, and are now willing to resume their said fellowships; be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this act, the said doctor William Harvey, the said doctor, Patrick Plunket, and the said doctor Daniel Bryan, shall be reinstated, respectively, in their They m herebyfellowships, and that the said doctor William Harvey rdntfated, tnd shall, from and after the passing of this act, be president of the said college of physicians, in the place of Robert Percival, P esquire, doctor of physic, the present president thereof, who, as one of the university professors, is by this act dis-

Sualified from holding his fellowship in the said college, and ie said doctor William Harvey shall continue president, by virtue of this act, until the eighteenth of October next, after passing the same, being the day appointed by their charter for electing a president of the said cohere.

Roman catholics

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That any person

cmuhLfCthW>< the popish or Roman catholic religion, who,

£thp^ribed from and after tie passing of this act, shall be elected a fel-by is and 14 low of the said college of physicians, shall be admitted to such

fellowship, and to the full enjoyment and exercise of all

rights belonging to such fellowship; provided that every such person shall take and subscribe the oath appointed by an act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his present, Majesty, entitled, An act to enable his Majesty's subjects, of whatever persuasion, to testify their allegiance to him; which oath, and none other, the president, or in his absence the vice-president of the said college, is hereby empowered and required to administer; and immediately upon such person taking such oath, after lie shall have been so elected, he shall be admitted a fellow of the said college.

XLV. And whereas by the said charter, so granted by the late King William and Queen Mary to the said college of physicians, it is provided, that all gratuates in physic of the university of Dublin, having performed their full acts, shall, from time to time, upon their application, be immediately admitted into the college of physicians, in Dublin, without further examination, he and they paying the usual fees; and whereas it is reasonable that the said president and fellows Should, in all cases, judge and determine upon the abilities and knowledge of those persons who are to be admitted members of the college; be it enacted by the autho-President and rity aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for feUowt mayexa- the said president and fellows of the said college of pbysi-dwttes, amlinay c*ans> from henceforth, to examine all graduates in meoicine, reject unfit per-of the university of Dublin, though they Should have per-ob* formed their full acts, who slndl apply for admission into the said college in the same manner as other persons are usually examined, and to reject such of them as shall decline to submit to such examination, or as shall upon examination appear to them unfit to be admitted.

923

The Fortieth Year of George III.

XLVI. And be it enacted, That the president or fel- Lcateatnay b lows of the said, college shall be, and they are hereby em- years without powered to make leases of the estate of the said Sir Patrick hues; all other* Dunn, for any term not exceeding thirty-one years in posses- shall he Void* sion, at the best improved relit, without any fine, which can be had for the same, from solvent tenants; and all leases of the said estate, made from and after passing this act, against the said provisions, by the president and fellows of the said college, shall be, and they are hereby declared to be void.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the authorityA publio aot. aforesaid, That this act shall be a public act, and shall be deemed and taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and others, in all courts and places, without specially pleading the same.

CHAP. LXXXV.

An Act for the better Government of the Seminary established at Maynoothfor the Education of Persons professing the Roman Catholic Religion, and for amending the Lam now in Force respecting the said Seminary.

Whereas an act passed in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for the better educa-tien of persons professing the popish or Roman catholic rcli-

fion> and since the passing the said act a college or seminary as been established at Maynooth, in the county of Kildare, Since passing tf* for the education of persons professing the popish or Roman education* of catholic religion, and large sums of money have been Roman catho-granted to the trustees named in the said act, to enable Hc«, a college them to improve and extend the said institution; and it is therefore become necessary to make further provision for 7 the good government of the said college or seminary; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that the lord chancellor, Person* herein or lord keeper of the great seal of Ireland for the time being, of^coU^?' the lord chief justice of his Majesty's court of Kings bench^'

in Ireland for the time being, the lord chief justice Of his Majesty's court of common pleas in Ireland for the time being, the chancellor of the exchequer, and the lord chief baron of his Majesty's court of exchequer in Ireland/or the time being, and their successors in the said offices, respectively, together with Arthur James Earl of Fingall, the reverend Richard O'Reilly, of Drogheda, doctor in divinity, and the revend John Thomas Troy, of the city of Dublin, doctor

X 2 irt

S24 The Fortieth Year of George QL

In divinity, shall be, and they are hereby nominated and appointed visitors of the said college or seminary, with full vi-sitorial powers to superintend the same.

Triennial vUitm-

II. And be it further enacted, That the said visitors, or brvWtori "y three or more of them, shall once in every three years fim within is from the passing of this act, visit the said college or semi-months after nary, and call before them the president, vice-president, pro* pastfng this act. fe8gorg> tutors, and all other members thereof, and the officers and servants of the said college or seminary, and diligently enauire into the government and management of the said college or seminary, and if necessary, examine on oath every member thereof, in all matters touching the management, government, and discipline of the same, or any violation of the Statutes or ordinances which have been, or shall be made for the admission of any member of the said college or seminary, or for the government or discipline of the same, and that the first visitation of the said college shall be held as aforesaid, within twelve months after the passing this act.

ordered by id. lieut.

Visitors not to affect the exercise of the roman catholic

Additional vUi-

III. And be it further enacted, That in addition.to such uticus, when triennial or ordinary visitation, the said visitors, or any three of them, shall in like manner visit the said college whensoever, and so often as they shall be thereunto required by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of 'Ireland for the time being, by warrantor order, signed by him or them; provided always, and be it enacted, That the authority of the said visitors shall not extend to, or in any manner affect the exercise of the roman catholic religion, dr religion, save as the religious doctrine or discipline thereof within the said hereafter. college or seminary, otherwise than as herein after is provided, and that in visiting the said college or seminary, the said visitors shall judge and determine, according to such bye-laws, rules and regulations as have been or shall be made for the government and discipline thereof pursuant to the provisions of the said recited act, or of this act respectively.

ami cMefj^dgeT And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of

and chan, of ex-of this act, tile lord chancellor, or lord-keeper of the great chequer, shall seal, the lord chief justice of the court of king's bench, the

tee*for carrylm? ^orc* ehief justice of the court of common pleas, the chan-recited act into5 cellor of the exchequer, and the lord chief baron of the court of exchequer, shall cease to be trustees for carrying the said recited act into execution, and that their successors in the said offices respectively, shall not hereafter be trustees by virtue of the said recited act for carrying it into execution, - and the other persons named in the said act in that behalf, or such other persqps as have been elected, or hereafter shall be elected to fill any vacancy occasioned by the death, removal, or resignation of any such persons respectively, shall continue trustees for the execution oi the said recited

act,

execution, but the others shall continue.

The Fortieth Year of George III. $2$

mct, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, arf* if this act haduiot been enacted.

V. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited act as enacts, that the trustees therein named, or any>ecitedC^act*a# seven or more of them shall have visitorial power over the grants visitoritf said academy or college, and over all persons on the foun- powers to dation, or educated therein, shall be, and the same is hereby tereb6 repealed, repealed._y p

VI. And be it further enacted, That any person who

has been, or shall be elected president of the said college or president to be*seminary, pursuant to the provisions of the said act, shall approved of by before he shall be capable of continuing or exercising his an^o^akethe* said office, be approved by the lord lieutenant, or other chief following oath governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, and in chancery, shall some time in the first term which shall follow such his election and approbatiop, or if now elected, which shall fol-.low such approbation, publicly make and subscribe the following oath in the high court of chancery, that is to say s

I having been elected and approved president's

as president of the roman catholic college or seminary of oath. Maynooth, do swear that I will diligently, faithfully, and conscientiously execute the said office to the best of my skill and Judgment, and that I will so far as in me lies, enforce a due observance of the bye-laws, rules and' Statutes made for the government and discipline thereof, and that I will bear faithful and true allegiance, ajid to my utmost endeavours incuU cate the duties of faithful and true allegiance to his Majesty King George the third, and his successors, in every member of the said college or seminary,

So help me God,

VII. And be it further enacted, That all bye-laws, rules, regulations, and Statutes, which have been heretofore made for the government and discipline of the said college or seminary, and all bye-laws, rules and regulations, hereafter to Bye-Jaws to be be made for the government and discipline of the same, shall,

in order to give them validity, be approved by the lord lieu- and deposited in tenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for chief secretary's the time being, and that all such bye-laws, rules and regulations, shall be fairly transcribed on parchment, signed by the president of the said college, and secretary of the said board of trustees for the time being, and lodged from time to time in the office of the chief secretary of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland; 'provided always, that all such bye-laws, rules, regulations, and Statutes hereafter to be made, shall be binding and valid,

Unless such lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors shall disapprove thereof* in one month from the time puch bye-laws shall be laid before 'sijch lord lieutenant, or

ether

9M The Fortieth Year of George III.

Bfejwr* abaB other chief governor or governors, respectively, and that 1m rmTfrorTduch disapprobation shall have been expressed, allsueh of within ooc bye-laws, rules, regulations, and Statutes, already made, nooth by lord shall be deemed valid, and of full force. nevUoux.

VIII. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained

tobySMawt"*1 exend, or be construed to extend to any bye-laws, rules,

affecting the and regulations, affecting the exercise of the roman catholic R- C. wiiglon. religion, or the doctrine or discipline, or worship thereof, within the said college or seminary:

VUtortalpowen

IX. And be it further enacted, That in all matters which in nutter* reUt- relate to the exercise, doctrine, and discipline of the roman tag to religion. catholic religion, the visitorial power over said college shall be exercised exclusively by such of the said visitors as are or shall be of the roman catholic religion, in the presence of the lord chancellor, or lord keeper of the great seal, and of the three chief judges, and the chancellor of the exchequer, if they, or any of them, shall think proper to attend.

X And be it enacted, That on the death or resignation, of the said Arthur, earl of Fingall, the said reverend Ficaioo of R.C. O'Reilly, and the said reverend John Thomas Troy,

vuUor*'or any of them the trustees for carrying the said recited act into execution, or any seven or more of than, shall at their first meeting after such vacancy as aforesaid, elect a fit and proper person, being of the roman catholic religion, and a natural born subject of his Majesty, to succeed to the office of a visitor, whenever it shall be so vacant, and shall return the name of the person so elected to the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, within ten days from such election, for his or their approbation, and such person, if approved of by such lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors, shall immediately become one of the visitors of the said college; but if he shall not be so approved in one month after his being returned, then and in every such case, the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall in like manner proceed to elect and return a fit and proper person to succeed to the said office in like manner, subject to such approbation as aforesaid, and so on as often from time to time as such vacancy shall happen, by the death or resignation of any of the persons so to be elected in the placO of any of them the said Arthur James, earl of Fingall, the said Richard O'Reilly, or the said John Thomas Troy, so as that there shall be a continual succession of three tit and proper persons professing the roman catholic religion, as visitors of the said college.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said trustees to sue, and be sued, either at law, or in equity, by and in the name of their secretary, anJL that in any suit to be instituted against the said trustees, in any court of law or equity, touching the said college or seminary

S27

The Fortieth Year o/* George III.

minary, or any estate, Veal or personal, claimed by said trustees in right of their said trust, it shall and may be ^thenameof sufficient to serve their secretary with the process, or any their secretary, other order of such court.

CHAP. LXXXVII.

An act to continue and amend txvo several Acts passed in the Thirty-eighth and Thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, to secure the Collection of the Duties on Auctions and on Glass Bottles, and on Paper printed, painted, or stained, to serve for Hangings and other Uses.

Whereas an act passed in the thirty-eighth year of the Recital 33^ reign of his present Majesty, entitled, an act to secure theandS9G.$. collection or the duties on auctions and on glass bottles made in this kingdom, and on paper printed, painted, or stained, to serve for hangings or other uses, and to prevent frauds therein, which act was amended and continued by another act passed in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his said Majesty, entitled, An act to amend and continue an act passed last session of parliament, to secure the collection of the du-.ties (41 auctions and on glass bottles made in this kingdom, and on paper printed) painted, or stained in this kingdom, to serve for hangings or other uses: And whereas it is necessary to amend and continue the said two acts, therefore be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice Recited act 38 and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and com- G. s, so far as mons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that the said first recited act, so far tlrisact'and* as the same is not altered and amended by the said second said 39 6: s, recited act, or by this act, together with the said recited act, shall continue and be in force until the twenty-fourth 1^1, and aid of day. of June, one thousand eight hundred and one, and next session, from thence until the end of the then next session of parliament.

II. And be it enacted, That nothing in the said acts Not to contained shall extend, or be. construed to extend to ^y to sales by order sale by auction of any grounds, houses, or materials of houses, of commission-or any rents sold by order or under the directions of the of for making wide and convenient streets, ways, 8 re*and passages in Dublin, or to charge with the duty payable on the purchase money arising on sales at auction pt any hinds, tenements, houses or hereditaments, the purchase money arising on any sale by ord^r or under the directions of the said of.

CHAP.

by^.

9tt

The Fortieth Year of George III.

CHAP. LXXXVHL

and present for lame wherein directed.

An Act to amend an Act , for Repair of the public Roads, and to revive and explain an Act for holding Vestries in the Province of Ulster, and for empowering the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor, to reduce the expence of the Police Establishment.

Preamble- Whereas it is necessary to amend an act, passed in the thirty-sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled. An act for the amendment of public roads, for directing the power of Grand Juries respecting presentments, and for repealing several laws heretofore made for those purposes; be it Grand Joriet enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with may renew and the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, make contracts and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by repSrof rolds, authority of the same, That the grand juries of counties* shall be empowered to renew any contract already made, and to enter into any further contract or agreement with proper persons for keeping in repair any part or proportion of the public roads within their Respective counties, that have been heretofore made or repaired by presentment, for aj.y space of time not exceeding seven years, and shall have full power and authority to present any sum of money to be paid to the person or persons with whom they shall make such contract or agreement, provided the same shall not exceed the sum of twelve pence by the year for each perch so to be kept in repair: And whereas it is expedient to revive and explain an act, passed in the eleventh year of his present Majesty, entitled. An act to explain and amend an act, passed in thefifth year of his Majesty King George the third, entitled. An act for amending the public roads: And whereas it is provided by the said act. That a vestry shall and may be held in every parish or union in the province of Ulster, on the Day* appointed first Tuesday, Wednesday, or Thursday after the feast of holdin vc»tries ^nt Michael in every year, for the purposes mentioned in In Ulster, are the said act: And whereas the days for holding such vestry Inconvenient, mentioned in the said act, have proved inconvenient, be it shall be*h^Ul on enacte(^ by the authority aforesaid, That such vestry shall, first Tuesday, instead of being held on the days mentioned in the said act, Wednesday or for the purpose aforesaid, be hereafter held on the first Thursday in Tuesday, Wednesday, or Thursday of September in every

Collectors under year.^v

said act who do 11. And whereas the person or persons appointed coliec-for or collectors of money presented at vestries held under compelled as and by virtue of said act, frequently refuse to account for or herein directed. to

The Fortieth Year of George III.

529

to pay the money collected by him or them to the director or directors mentioned in the said act, as the said act appoints; for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That upon such refusal! of any collector or collectors to account for, or to pay the money collected, or which Should be collected by him or them, any justice of the peace of the county seized or possessed of three hundred pounds a year, shall, on the complaint of any such director or directors, summon the collector or collectors so refusing to account for, or to pay, before him; and if such collector or collectors so to be summoned, shall not shew sufficient cause for such refusal, or for not collecting the sum or sums presented at such vestry, the just ice. shall forthwith, by warrant under his hand and seal, cause the sum or sums received, or which ought to have been received, without wilful default by such collector or collectors, together with the costs of such warrants, and of the constable's trouble in levying the same, and shall pay the same to the director or directors of the parish, to be applied to them pursuant to the presentment of the said vest

IJ And whereas no sufficient authority is vested in the chief governor or governors, for the time being, to reduce the salaries or number of sub-constables in any county where constables have been appointed, pursuant to an act passed iii the twenty-seventh year of his present Majesty, entitled,

An act for the better execution of the law and preservation of

peace within the counties at large; or pursuant to another

act passed in the thirty-sixth year of his said Majesty's reign, Chief Governor

be it exacted by the authority aforesaid, That if at any time may reduce the

it shall please the chief governor or governors, for the time number or

being, to reduce the number of such constables, or the sala- con8tableg.8Ub'

ries of the same, it shall and may be lawful for him or them so tOv do, and the grand juries in their respective

counties, in their subsequent presentments, shall conform

thereto.

CHAP.

530

[Preamble.]

Recital amnesty act, 3*

G. X

Recital Indemnity act, 38 G. X

It to necessary to remove doubts &nd to limit time for bringing private actions.

Verdicts of juries on trials for acts done in suppression of late rebellion.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

CHAP. LXXXIX.

An act for indemnifying such Persons as have acted since the frsi Day of June, one thousand seven hutidred and ninety-nine, for the Preservation of the public Peace9 and suppress sion of the Insurrections prevailing in some Parts of this Kingdom, and to enable Sheriffs and other Officers to make the Returns therein specified.

Whereas since the eighth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, this kingdom has been disturbed by treasonable insurrections, and open rebellion, and the Jives of many of his Majesty's loyal subjects have been lost in said rebellion, and several officers and sheriffs, justices of the peace, and others, have been obliged in order to suppress the said rebellion, to do many acts not justifiable by law: And whereas by an act of the thirty-eighth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled. An act for the King's most gracious, general and free pardon, it is enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, that he being always desirous to shew his inclination to mercy, therefore his Majesty was well pleased and contented that it be enacted, that all and every his subjects are thereby acquitted, pardoned and released, from all treasons, and other crimes perpe-stated, and from all suits and executions incurred in consecjnence of the said rebellion, or in suppressing, counteracting, or putting down the same: And whereas another act of the thirty-eighth year of his Majesty's reign^ entitled, An act for indemnifying such persons as nave acted since the fifth day of November, one thousand seven hundred and ninety seven9 for the preservation of the public peace»and suppression of the insurrections prevailing in some parts of this kingdoms did receive the royal assent on the sixth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight: And whereas it is necessary to remove doubts touching the said acts, and to prevent vexatious suits, and that a time be limited for the bringing of private actions for, or on account of any words spoken, or of assault, battery, or false imprisonment, committed or done within the period aforesaid; bo it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That in all cases where a trial shall be had upon any action now depending, or hereafter to be broilght against any such sheriffs, officers, or other persona

531

The Fortieth Year of George III.

sons, for any acts done by them, or any of them, for suppressing such rebellion or insurrections, for the preservation of the public peace, and for the safety of the state during the time theywere engaged in suppressing of the said rebellion or insurrections, for the preservation of the public peace, and for the safety of the state, in every such case, if the jury shall find for the plaintiff, they shall also find that such act for which the said action has been, or shall have been so brought, was done maliciously, and not with an intent of suppressing rebellion or insurrections, or for the preservation of the public peace, or for the safety of the state, as the case may be, otherwise the said verdict shall be null and void.

II. And be it also enacted, That in every case in which Judges may the jury shall find for the plaintiff', and that such act for certify against which the said action has been, or may be brought, was p^ndff* upon done maliciously as aforesaid, the judge or judges before which non-suits whom such action shall be tried, may be at liberty to certify pay t»e entered against such verdict; and upon such certificate, the verdict " £^er" so had shall be set aside, and a non-suit entered in lieu plaintiffs shall, thereof: Provided always, that in every such case where the not pay double judge or judges shall so certify as aforesaid, whereby the costs*

said verdict shall be so set aside, and a non-suit entered in lieu thereof, as aforesaid, that in every such case the plaintiff shall not be subject to double costs, any thing in the said act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That no action of assault Time for eom-and battery, or false imprisonment, or for words spoken, the cause of which action shall have arisen since the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and before the passing of this act, shall be brought, unless the same shall be commenced within three calendar months next after the passing of this act.

IV. And whereas during the wicked and unnatural rebellion which lately broke out in this kingdom, the civil power was in many counties within the same insufficient for the due execution of the law, and many sheriffs, and other officers

were thereby prevented from executing the writs of our lord Sheriffs and tire King, to them directed, without any default in saidother« sheriff's or other officers, and it would be unjust that such Securing writ* sheriffs or other officers Should be made responsible for not during the re-executing such writs, be it enacted by the authority afore- bellioo* said. That it shall and may be lawful to and for all sheriffs and other officers to whom any writs of our lord the king have been directed and delivered, in all cases whatever in which said sheriffs or other officers have been Jiindered and prevented from executing any such writs by any body or Sheriffs, &e. to todies of rebels and traitors to our lord the king, without the default of such sheriffs or officers, to return and certify to drance by Wcourt out of which any such w rit shall have issued, such rebels.

hindrance

The Fortieth Year of George III.

Actions may be hindrance and prevention by rebels and traitors, against the whensue^re- an^ without the default of such sheriff or other officer, tarns are false* and that such return shall be good and lawful excuse to the court or courts out of which any such writ or writs shall have issued, any law to the contrary notwithstanding; provided nevertheless, that nothing herein enacted shall be construed tx> prevent any person or persons 30 injured by such return, incase the same Should not be true in fact from having and maintaining his, her or their action or actions against such sheriff or sheriffs, or other officers, fog* such false return, and obtaining damages for the same, as in other cases of false returns by sheriffs or other officers as usual.

chap; xc.

preamble.

An Act for the further Encouragement of the Cotton Manufacture, by enabling Tenants for Life to make'Leases for Scites of Mills*

Whereas the powers given by former acts of, parliament to tenants in tail, or for life, to demise certain parts of their'settled lands for any term of years, or for lives renewable for ever, for the purpose of making bleach yards or bleach greens, or carrying on some branch of the linen manufaq* J ture thereon, and furnishing conveniencies for the persons to be employed therein, have been found to be very beneficial to the said manufacture, and it will tend to the general improvement of the kingdom, to enable persons so seized in tail or for life, to grant leases for lives renewable, or for long term of years, of certain parts of their settled lands, for the purpose of making thereon other mills and machinery to be used in other manufactures, be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this act it shall and may be lawful to and for every person seized, in possession, in law, dr in equity of any estate in fee tail, or for life, with ifnmediate remainder over to or in trust for his or her issue, and to and for the guardian or guardians of any minor being so seized, by and with the consent and approbation of the a l°rd chancellor, lord keeper, or of for the custody

gage to^arry on the great seal, for the time being, such consent to be ob-the cotton ma- tained by a petition to him or them for that purpose, to de-nufacture j mise any }an(j out Of such estate whereof he or isfie shall be so seized, being no part of the demesne usually occupied with, his or her mansion house, and not exceeding fifteen

'acres

Lands may be demised as herein, to persons who en*

Die - by v

The Fortieth Year of George III. 3 % S

-acres plantation measure in the whole, for three lives renew-. able for ever, to any person or persons who shall engage and contract to carry on in and upon such lands to be so demised the cotton manufacture, and furnishing conveniencies for the persons to be employed in such manufacture; provided, conilition8 oil that the best and highest relit be reserved for the land so to which such land be demised without fine, and that one half year's relit of the may bedemiwd. said demised land be reserved as a renewal fine on the fall of every life, to be paid within six months after the fall of such life, and that the lessee or lessees do covenant by such lease or leases, to expend upon the land so demised, the sum of fifty pounds sterling for every acre so to be demised, in erecting mills, houses, and other buildings fit and well adapted for carrying on some branch or branches of the cotton manufacture, and furnishing conveniencies for the persons to be employed therein, or any manufacture in which cotton shall be a principal material, and do covenant to preserve and keep the same in proper order and repair, and to carry or cause to be carried on m and upon such lands to be: so demised, some branch or branches of the manufacture of cotton, or other manufacture in which cotton shall be a principal material, during the continuance of every such demise, and in furnishing conveniencies for the persons to be employed therein; and provided that such mills, houses, and buildings, be erected and completed within five years Jobe completed after making of every such demise, and that every lease that within five shall be so made, agreeably to the conditions and terms years, aforesaid, and according to the true intent and meaning of this act, shall, so long as such lessee or lessees shall duly Sych leases shall perform such covenant or covenants for building and for be good so long carrying on the said manufacture, or some branch thereof, as lessees per-in and upon the lands so to be demised, shall be good and form coveuanti' valid, and effectual, notwithstanding any settlement or devise restraining such tenant for life or in tail from making such lease or leases, and shall be good, valid, and effectual against any and every person claiming any estate in such land, as issue in tail, or by virtue of any limitation, remainder, or reversion in any will, settlement, or other title under which such tenant in tail or for life, shall be entitled to such land at the time of making every such, lease.'.

II. Provided always, and be it it further enacted by the au- Covenants for thority aforesaid, That where any lease for a term of lives, renewal shall be with covenant for renewral, shall be made, in pursuance of manufacture i# the several provisions and powers herein before made and neglected for 2 enacted, in case the said manuafacture, in consideration of years* which the said lease for lives, with covenant for renewal, shall have been granted as aforesaid, shall be neglected or omitted to be well and effectually carried on by or on behalf of the person who shall at such time be entitled to the interest

m

The Fortieth Year of George III.

terest in such lease, for any two yean during the term thereby granted, that then and in such case the said lease shall be*deemed, taken, and considered as a lease for the then subsisting lives merely, and the covenant for renewal shall from thence be deemed, taken, and considered as utterly null and void to all intents and purposes, as if said covenant had never been inserted therein, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CHAP. XCIL

An act for amending an act passed in this kingdom in the thirty-third year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for amending and reducing into one act of parliament, the laics relating to the Militia in Ireland.

Redtal militia Whereas by on act of parliament passed in this kingdom ct, 33 G. a jn thirty-third year of his Majesty's reign, entitled. An Act for amending and reducing into one act of parliament the laws relating to the Militia in Ireland^ it is amongst other things enacted, That when any lieutenant colonel commandant, or other commanding officer of any regiment or battalion, shall be absent from Ireland, all the powers by said act given to such lieutenant colonel commandant, or other commanding officer, shall be vested in, and lawfully may be exercised by the next officer in command in such regiment or battalion who shall be residing within this kingdom, until such lieutenant colonel commandant, or other commanding officer shall be returned to this kingdom, and shall have notified his arrival to the clerk of the peace of the county to which such regiment or battalion belongs, and the clerk of the peace is thereby required forthwith, upon receipt of such-notification, to transmit an account thereof to the officer who shall have been next in command as aforesaid, and all acts, matters, and things, done by such officer next in command as aforesaid, in exercising the powers given by said act to lieutenant coldnels commandant, and other commanding officers, shall be good and valid in the law, equally as if they had been done by the lieutenant colonel comtaandant or commanding officer himself. And whereas it would be more convenient that the several powers granted by the said act Should be exercised by the colonels of Militia regiments and battalions only, and not by the next officer in command, save only in the case herein after mentioned; Be it enacted, by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parlia- Recited clause in ment assembled, and by the authority of the same, that the aid act, for vest-gaj^ heretofore recited clause, so far as the Same vests the ing powers in power*

L.OOJ

The Fortieth Year of George III. $35

powers of the lieutenant colonel commandant, or other com- officer

manding officer who shall reside, or be in any part of the whencom-

kingdom of Great Britain, in the next officer in command,

shall stand and be hereby repealed, from and after the passing byr^wU J, and

of this act, and that the several powers vested by the said act »uch power*

in t£e lieutenant colonels commandant of Militia regiments Jj

and battalions, be exercised by the colonels of such regi- manding officer*

inents and battalions only; provided always, that such only, provided

colonels, at the time of their exercising any of the powers

vested in them, be resident within some part of the king-

dome of Great Britain or Ireland; but if it shall so happen

that any of the said colonels shall at any time be absent from the said kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland; Be it en-When colonel*

acted, that the several powers contained in the aforesaid re

cited clause do stand ana remain in full force, and the several i^d^d ciau#«

colonels of Militia are upon their return to any part of the ihaUbcinforce.

said kingdoms to give notice of their arrival to the clerk of

the peace of the county to which the regiment or battalion of

Militia of which they are colonels may belong, in the manner

directed by the said recited clause.

CHAP. XCIII.

An act to amend an act passed in the thirty-sixth year of-his Majestfs reign, entitled, An act for repairing the road commonly called or known by the name of the military road, beginning at the county and city courthouses in the city of Water fold, and leading from thence to the town of Tallagh, in the county of Waterford, through the towns of Kilmacthomas, Cappoquin and Lismore, and from tallagh aforesaid, to the bounds of the County of Cork.

Whereas by an act passed in the thirty-sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for re- By reeited act pairing the road commonly called and known by the name ^mmfJionTr# of the military road, beginning at the county and city court- Should const!-.houses in the city of Waterford, and leading from thence tUuf t mheet5h' to the town of Tallagh, in the county of Wat eiford, through held within 5*the terwns of Kilmacthomas, Cappoquin, and Lismore, and mile# of Dun- from Tallagh aforesaid, to thebounds of the County of Cork, garvaQ*it is therein enacted, That at all meetings of the of to be held under said act, it shall be necessary that seven of shall attend, in order to constitute a meeting of said of, and that no act shall be done except seven of shall attend, and that all meet-, ings of the of under said act shall be held at the

056

The Fortieth Year of George III.

town of Dungarvan, or within five miles of it; And whereas it has been found inconvenient to procure the attendance of seven of, and it has also been found requisite to call meetings of the of to be held in different parts of said county and city of Waterford; therefore, be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that so much of the said recited Recited part act which requires that at all meetings of the said commis-teebr mealed. 8*oners necessary that seven of shall

7 - attend, and so much of said act as requires that all meetings of the said of shall be held at Dungarvan, or within five miles thereof, be, and the same is hereby repealed.

s of

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That at h Jl constitute a all meetings of the said commissions hereafter to be held, andmay hoid^ three of shall be sufficient to constitute a meetings in any board of of, and that they or the majority of part of county or them, legally, with due notice appointed, shall have all the aty^of Water- powers vested in them which are under the herein before recited act, vested in seven of, and that they may summon a board of of to be held in any part of the county and city of Waterford.

III. And be it enacted by kthe authority aforesaid, That G. juries may the grand juries of the county and city of Waterford shall ^ounlsUi^it kave power and authority, and they are hereby em-of Waterford^ powered to present as nuisances, and to shut up all church with consent of yards or burial grounds in the city of Waterford, or in any bishop. part Of the county of Waterford; provided the lord bishop

of Waterford, for the time being, shall, under his hand and episcopal seal, give his consent and approbation that such church yard or burial ground shall be shut up as aforesaid. Money may be

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it presented for shall and maybe lawful to and for the grand juries of the ir^piaceot^any county and city of Waterford as aforesaid, to raise any sum «o shut up. or sums of money by presentment on the county and city of Waterford respectively, in order to purchase'ground for church yards or burial grounds, in the place of the church yards or burial grounds so shut up.

Grounds may te V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the churclT^rdT sa*^ »ranc^ juries of the county and city of Waterford shall notwithVtan'd'ing have full power and authority, ant} they are hereby em-limitations. powered to purchase ground for church yards*and burial grounds in any part of the coupty and city of Waterford, notwithstanding, the person or persons from whom they purchase the same shall be under any limitation or settlement whatsoever.

S CHAP.

j

The Fortieth Year of George I1& $37

CHAP. XCIV.

An act to amend an act, passed in the thirty-eighth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to explain and reduce into one act, the several laws for making, improving, and repairing the turnpike road leading from the city of Dublin to Kilcullen Bridge, in the county of Kildare, and to the twenty-one mile stone westward of the said bridge, and for prolonging the duration of the act for repairing the road from Naas to Limerick, and for the further improvement of the road from Kil-worth mountain, to the city of Cork.

Whereas by an act passed in the thirty-eighth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to explain and reduce By recited act into one act, the several Laws for making, improving and ss G. 3.^0119 repairing the turnpike road leading from the city of Dublin Anderson, to Kilcullen bridge, in the county of Kildare, and to the G.and A.Tay-twenty-one mile stone westward of the said bridge, and for executoi?&c. prolonging the duration of the act for repairing the road

from Naas to Limerick, and for the further improvement of the road from Kilworth mountain to the city of Cork, the tolls of the said road were vested in John Anderson, George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, and the executors and administrators of each and every of therp, under certain conditions therein mentioned, for the repairs and improvement of the same, and for the discharge of certain debts and incumbrances affecting the said tolls: And whereas it has been found that the sums Said person*then due, and to be discharged as aforesaid, exceededh°^ient far* the supposed amount thereof, in the sum of four hundred 450/. herein* and fifty pounds, and it is reasonable and just that the said mentioned: John Anderson, George Taylor, and 'Alexander Taylor, Should receive an equivalent for the same: And whereas it is provided by the said act, that power shall be given to the of thereby appointed, to erect an additional pay- Commissioners gate for a certain limited time, or until the monies to be collected shall amount to the sum of one thousand three hun- additional pay-dred and eighty pounds: Now be it enacted by the King's gaps j most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the said of to continue Said additional the said additional pay-gate, and for the skid John Anderson, contfnuecTuntil* George Taylor, and Alexander Taylor, and the executors 8aid sum of 4$of, and administrators of each and every of them, to ^mtinue i* paid.

J

The Fortieth Year of George III.

Xm collect the tolls in the said act specified, in the manner, and under the conditions therein directed, until the said further sum of four hundred and fifty pounds, for the purpose of reimbursing them, as aforesaid, shall have been collected thereat, making with the said sum of one thousand three hundred and eighty pounds, the sum of one thousand eight hundred and thirty pounds, in the whole, and no longer.

CHAP. XCVL

An act to revive, amende continue, or make perpetual certain 1 'empora ry Statutes,

[Preamble.]

1 Aniw for exchange of gleheA, made perpetual. 2^0.2, for quieting p<me*-hH, and for punishing persons enlisting far foreign service, made perpetual

71 ar.dV! 0.3, for preventing defays by privi-JfVf* of parlia- went, continued>24 June, 1807, and end of next session.

Wherfas the several temporary laws and Statutes hereafter mentioned, arc found to be of general use, and proper to be continued: therefore be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that an act made in this kingdom in the second year of the reign of ljuecn Anne, entitled, An Act for the exchange of gtebes belonging to churches in this kingdom, and which was further continued by several subsequent acts, shall be, and is hereby made, and allowed to be perpetual.

H. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That an act passed in the twenty fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty, King George the second, entitled. An act for the more effectual cxe. ution oforders of the courts of justice, for giving and quieting possessions, and also for the more effectual bringing to justice such persons as shall tnlist his Majesty's subjects to serve as soldiers in foreign service without license, which act was, by^in act made in the seventeenth and eighteenth years of his present Majesty, continued to the twenty-fcAirth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, and which expired with the session, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and was revived and continued to the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand eight hundred, and to the end of the then next session of parliament, shall be, and is hereby made and declared to be perpetual.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That an act passed in the eleventh and twelfth years of his present Majesty, entitled. An act for the further preventing delays nf justice, by reason of privilege of parliament, and which been continued by several temporary Statutes, be further continued to the twenty-fourth day of June, one thou-

sjmd

The Fortieth Year of George III.

sand eight hundred and seven, and to the end of the then next session of parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That an act passed in the fifteenth and sixteenth years of

the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An act to prevent Wot 15aiMj and punish tumultuous risings of persons within this king- ]6 G# dom, and for other purposes therein mentioned, and which was perpetual, afterwards continued witji several amendments, to the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand eight hundred, and to the end of the then next session of parliament, shall be, with the said amendments, and is hereby made and declared to be perpetual.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That an act passed in the twenty-seventh year of his present Majesty, entitled. An act to prevent tumultuous risings and assemblies, and for the more effectual punishment of persons Riot ac^g^Q.3, guilty of outrage, riot, and illegal combination, and of admi- ma e perpe u nistering and taking unlavful oaths, and which hath been

since continued, shall be, and is hereby made and declared to be perpetual.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That an act passed in the thirty-sixth year of his present Majesty, entitled. An act to amend an act, passed in the fif Riot act, S6 G.s, teenth and sixteenth years of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An made perpetual. act to prevent and punish tumultuous risings of persons voithin this kingdom, and for other purposes therein mentioned, shall be, and is hereby made and declared to be perpetual.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That an act passed in the fourteenth year of his present Majesty, entitled, An act to prevent malicious cutting H

and wounding, and to punish offenders, called chalkers, shall g. 3, made*be, and is hereby made and declared to be perpetual. perpetual

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That an act passed in the said seventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign of, his present Majesty, entitled,

An act to authorizefor^a limited time the punishment by hard labour of offenders, xvhofor certain crimes are, or shall become

liable to be transported to any of his Majesty's colonies and hard labour/ plantations, and which hath since been continued, shall be, made perpetual, and is hereby made and declared to be perpetual.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That a clause m an act passed in the seventeenth and eigh- Clause in 17 and teenth years of his present Majesty, entitled. An act for it8f^onvtobreai reviving and continuing several temporary Statutes, whereby gaol^made it is made felony without benefit of clergy, in any person, perpetual whether prisoner or otherwise, who shall by force break

faol, with intention to enlarge any prisoner, which clause ath been since continued, shall be, and is hereby made and declared to be perpetual.

M The Fortieth Year of George III.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That an act to amend an act, passed in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of the reign of his present Majesty, enti-

Se actecure t^e liberty of the press, by preventing

Sen^of n^c a by sex arising from the publication of traitorous, seditious,

prtM, m*fe fake, and slanderous libels, by persons unknown, shall be, and* is het eby made and declared to be perpetual.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That an act passed in the thirty-sixth year of his present Ma-

Ounfowd«r act, jesty's reign, entitled, An act to prevent the importation of S6C. 3. arms, gunpowder, and ammunition into this kingdom, and

making, removing, selling, and keeping of gunpowder, arms. Insurrection act, an4 ammunition, without license; and also another act, passed x G. 3, insur- in the thirty-sixth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An 5TaSadtir^57 aC* more effectually to suppress insurrections, and prevent the toturrccuoa acts disturbance of the public peace; and also another act, passed ssG. s, are to in the thirty-seventh year of the reign of his Majesty, enti-euatinuc 7 tied, An act to explain an act, passed in the thirty-sixth year of 'his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act more effectually to suppress insurrections, and prevent the disturbance of the public peace; dnd also another act passed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his Majesty, entitled. An act for continuing an act passed in the thirty-sixth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act more effectually to suppress insurrections, and prevent the disturbance of the public peace; and also another act passed in the thirty-eightn year of his Majesty's reign, entitled. An act to explain an act passed in the thirty-sixth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act more effectually to suppress insurrections, and to prevent the disturbance of the public peace; and also another act passed in the same thirty-cignth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for amending an act passed in the thirty sixth year of the rtign of his said Majesty, entitled, An act more effectually to suppress insurrections, and prevent the disturbance of the public peace, be, and the same are hereby severally further continued for the space ofx seven years from the passing of this act, and no longer.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

57 G. s, to pu- an Rct 10 continue an act passed in the thirty-seventh

nish the seduc- year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An Act for the better

Prmention and punishment of attempts to seduce persons 7 peart. °Tt serving in his Majesty's forces by sea or land from their duty and allegiance to his Majesty, or to incite them to mutiny or disobedience, be, and the same is hereby further continued for the space of seven years from the passing of this act, and no longer.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Gunpowder aet, That an act passed in the thirty-ninth year of his Majesty's tinne 7* ears °D" re*£n» entitled, An act the better to regulate the manufacture

ue^' and sale of gunpowder within this kingdom, be, and the same

'h

The Fortieth Year of George III.

is hereby further continued for the space of seven years from the passing of this act, and no longer.

XIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that an Coal and col-act passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his late Ma- hery actsi G. 2. jesty, King George the second, entitled, An act for the better 7°^?*'^ for supplying the city of Dublin with coals, and for the better en- y* couragement of the collieries of this kingdom, which act was

by an act made in the thirty-fourth year of his present Majesty, continued to the twenty-fourth day of June, one t thousand eight hundred, and from thence to the end of tha then next session of parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby made and declared to be further continued for the space of seven years, and no longer.

XV. And be it enacted, that the grand juries of the coun- Grand juries of ty of Donegal be empowered to divide by presentment any co. Donegal may barony in the said county, at any assizes, Within three years

from the passing of this act, in manner and form as they are* er*m' empowered by an act passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for the division of certain baronies of great extent, in the counties of Donegal and Meath.

XVI. Whereas an act passed in the first year of the reign Coal act 1 G. s*

of his present Majesty, entitled, An act to prevent the exces- was continued tivepri: e of coals in the city of Dublin, which was continued7

and amended by an act passed in the third year of his said

Majesty, entitled. An act to"amend and continue an act, entitled, An act to prevent the excessive price of coals in the city of Dublin. And whereas by certain clauses in an act passed in the fifth year of the reign of his said Majesty, entitled, An act for continuing, reviving, and amending seve* % ral temporary Statutes, and for empowering the grand jury of the county of Kilkenny, at the assizes to encrease the yearly salary of the treasurer of said county, the said recited acts Said acts werfc were further amended and extended to the city of Cork, and amended and such other provisions and regulations enacted as were neces- certifn clauses cary to have the same carried into effect therein. And whereas in 5 G. s. for re* the said recited acts and clauses have been continued from viving tempo-time to time, and were by an act passed in the twenty-fifth rafy 8ta e9i year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for reviving, continuing, and amending several temporary Statutes, continued for the term of twenty-one years from the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and to the end of the then next session of parliament. And whereas the said provisions have been found by long experience to have produced the most beneficial effects, and to have tended greatly to alleviate the distresses of the journeymen tradesmen, and manufacturers, and of the poor in the said cities of Dublin and Cork, occasioned by the excessive Said acts and price of coals; be it enacted by the authority, aforesaid, p se^£aU be

That

X

"by

1

41

The Fortieth Year of George III.

That all the said recited acts, clauses, and provisions, shall be, and they are hereby made perpetual.

XVII. And whereas by an act passed in twenty third and twenty-fourth years of his Majesty, entitled. An act for continuing and amending an act passed in the twenty-second year of his present Majesty's reign* entitled. An act for the improvement of the city of Dublin* by making wide and convenient passages through the same* and for regulating the coed trade thereof* and for other purposes, the directors of the public coal yards in the said city are empowered, whenever they shall oe obliged to purchase coals at a higher price than sixteen shilling per ton, to sell out the same without reserving the profit of one shilling per ton. And whereas it is expedient to make perpetual so much of the said recited act, and to extend the provisions of that part thereof to the city of Cork; be it enacted, that the said herein-before recited part of the said recited act, be, and the same is hereby made and declared to be perpetual, and rrckrd, rrUdve that the director of the public coalyards in the city of Cork, pefpe^aCand* he, he 13 hereby authorized and empowered whenever he ShallextcQd to shall be obliged to purchase coals at a higher price than sixteen shillings per ton, to sell out the same without reserving the profit of one shilling per ton. And whereas by an act passed in the thirty-third year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to prevent the excessive price of coals in the city of Dublin* and for encouraging the storing thereof* the directors of the public coal yards in the said city are empowered to purchase turf if they shall think fit for the use of the poor, and also if thereunto authorized by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor, to take a lease in perpetuity, or otherwise, of such yard or yards in the said cityr as may be found convenient for the purpose, to apply a competent part of the fund appropriated to public coal yards, to the payment < f the purchase money or relit of such yard or yards; and the extending the same provision to the The d*"*for °* city of Cork, would be useful to said city; be it enacted, that co*lPyar<l« in the director of the public coal yards in the said city, be, and cork may buy_ he is hereby empowered to buy turf if he shall think fit, and

So much of r cited act 23 3c £4 O.tuil herein before

coal yards to Cork.

i yard or yards as may I rized Ld. Lieut. pUmose, in the city of Cork, if thereunto authorized by the.lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, for the time being, and apply a competent part of the fund appropriated to the public coal yards to the payment of the purchase money, fine, or relit of such yard or yards.

The Fortieth Year of George III. SW

CHAP. XCVII.

An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing the Commons, Commonable and Waste Lands of Dromiskin, mthin the Parish of Dromishinj, in the County of Louth.

Whereas there are within the parish of Dromiskin, in the preamblti county of Louth* divers lands and grounds called the com- ream*xnons of Dromiskin, and other commonable and waste lands and grounds: and whereas the most reverend father in God

lord primate of Ireland* is or claims to be the lord of the mannor and soil of and in claimant* to the said parish of Dromiskin, and as such is or claims to be common* of owner of the soil of the said commons, commonable and Dronugkin» waste lands, and the right honourable William Henry Fortes-cue, earl of Clermont, of the kingdom of Ireland, John Byrne of Waterstown, the reverend doctor Thomas Smith of Drumlick, Henry Bellingham of Castlebellingham, Chichester Fortescue of Dromiskin, and Mathew Fortescue of Stephens-town, all in the county of Louth, esquires, and the reverend Joseph Pratt, rector of the parish and parish church of Dromiskin, in the county of Louth, aforesaid, clerk, and others, are the persons whose estates and lands being in the said parish of Dromiskin, immediately join the said commbns, commonable and waste lands, and they and the several persons holding-under them, claim a right thereto, and to the commonage thereof: and whereas it would be for the benefit of the several persons having such rights and interests as aforesaid, as well as to the country in general, if the same were extinguished, and if the said commons, commonable and waste lands and grounds were divided, and specific parts or shares thereof allotted to the said several persons, according to their respective estates and interests in, upon and over the same, but such extinguishment, division, and allotments, cannot well be made and established without the authority of parliament: and whereas the most reverend Father in Godphe jate doctor William Newcome, deceased, lhte lord archbishop of mate agreed to said see, and lord primate of all Ireland, did in his life time division of said consent and agree that the said lands Should be divided, and lan 8* that his interest, and the interest of his successors in them* Should be extinguished, and an allotment made of the said commons, pursuant to the regulations, and in the proportions herein after made and provided: and whereas since the de- there is ho pri-cease of the said late most reverend William, late lord arch* mate at present; bishop of Armagh, the said see has been vacant, and there is not at present any bishop of the said see: and whereas the the other said several persons herein before named, have agreed that claimants have their said subsisting interests shall be extinguished, and an al- agreed to the

844 The Fortieth Year of George III.

lotment made of the said commons, pursuant to the regulations, and in the proportions herein-afeer made and provided; may it therefore please your majesty that it may be enacted* and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, b^ and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, Persons herein and by the authority of the same, That Dominick McCaus-namedjor any land, Marcus Langford Me Causland, Rowley Heyland, half be com- Thomas Johnston, George Twible, George Murphy, and missioners for Thomas Lloyd, and their successors, to be elected m manner Umds^and^d herein after mentioned, shall be, and they are hereby aping thSact^" pointed of for dividing and allotting the said into effect.*commons, commonable waste lands and grounds, and for putting this act into execution, and that all acts, matters and things authorized or necessary to be done and executed by the said of in pursuance of this act, may be done and executed by any three or more of them, and the same shall be as valid and effectual, and shall have the same force and effect as if such acts, matters and things had been done and executed by all the of herein before named, or to be appointed as herein after mentioned; provided always, that no person shall be capable of acting as a commissioner in the execution of this act, (unless it be the power hereby given of appointing the first meeting, and of administering the oath herein after mentioned, to the other of), until he shall have taken and subscribed the following oath:

Oath to be.I A. B, do swear, that I will faithfully, impartially, and miwS)DeM.°m" honestly 'examine into, hear and determine all matters and things that shall be brought before me, as a commissioner, by virtue of an act of parliament for dividing, allotting, and enclosing the commons, commonable and waste laiids and gi'ounds of Dromiskin, in the parish of Dromiskin, and county of Louth, and otherwise execute the powers hereby in me reposed, accor ding to the best of my skill and judgment, and without favour or affection to any person or persons whatsoever.

So help me God.

Which oath it shall and may be lawful for any one of the said of to administer, and he is hereby authorized and required to administer the same to any other of the Oath to been-} said of; and the said oath being taken and subaward directed 8Cr*bed by such commissioner, shall be annexed to, and be to be made. enrolled with the award or instrument directed to be made as herein after mentioned, sioners^ie D^8"* And be it further enacted, That if any of the said

iign^or refuse* of shall die, or refuse, or become incapable to

The Fortieth Year of George III. 345

act in the execution of the powers hereby vested in him or to act, or be-them, before the execution of the said award, it shall be law- come incapable, ful for the remaining or surviving commissioner or commis- 8ba"be s toners, and he or they is and are hereby required by writ- sumvorg. T ing, under his or their hand or hands, from tiiqe to' time, within six days after such death, refusal, or incapacity of any such commissioner shall be known, to appoint another person not interested in the said intended division and enclosure, to be a commissioner in the room of such commissioner so dying, refusing, or becoming incapable to act; and every commissioner so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall, after taking and subscribing the oath herein before mentioned, have the like power and authority to act in the premises, as the commissioner in whose place ne shall succeed, was vested with.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said commission- Notice of meet-ers shall, and they are hereby required to cause notice in ings to be riven writing of the time and place of their first, and every other as herein direct-meeting, for the execution of this act, to be affixed upon the e principal door of the parish church of Dromiskin aforesaid,

and to be inserted in one or more of the public newspapers then published in the city of Dublin, ten days at least oefore every such meeting, (meetings by adjournment only accepted), and if at any meeting appointed to be held by the 1

said of, it shall happen that a sufficient number of of shall not attend, then and so often anyone of the said of may adjournsuch meeting to such time and place, as he shall think most convenient.

IV. And be it further enacted, That a true and perfect Survey, plan

survey, admeasurement, plan and elevation of all the com- and valuation to mons, commonable and waste lands and grounds, situate, B^ownrieJ or^ lying and being within the said parish of Dromiskin afore- by some, other said, and commonly called the commons of Dromiskin, shall, person, if he with ah'convenient speed, after the passing of this act, be neSlect* made and perfected by Mister John Brownrigg, of the city of % -

Dublin, land sUryeyor, (in case he shall in all things conform

to the orders arid directions of the said of, ) but in case he shall die before such survey, admeasurement, plan and valuation shall be completed, or in case he shall neglect or refue to make the same within such time as the said of shall order and direct, or to comply with the orders and directions of the said of, then the same shall be made by such person or persons as the said of Survey, shall appoint; and the said survey, admeasurement, plan to be laid before and valuation, shall be reduced into writing, and the num- anTverified^* ber of acres, roods and perches contained in the said com- the following 7 mons, commonable and waste grounds, with the annual va- oath, lue thereof, shall be therein set forth and ascertained; and the said survey, plan, admeasurement and valuation, when compleated, shall be laid before the said of at their several meetings, to be held in pursuance of this act,

and

The Fortieth Year of George III.

and the same, together with all other acts matters and things, to be done by the said John Brownrigg, or the person or persons to be appointed as aforesaid, shall be verified by his or their oath, which oath shall be in the words following:

IA B. do swear that I have made the annexed survey upon actual inspection oj the premises thereby described, according to the best of my skill and judgment, accoi'ding to the actual state of the said premises> without favour or partiality to any person whatsoever.

So help me God.

Powers of of, sur veyor, assistants, &c.

Public notice of intention to met out boundaries.

Description of boundaries in une or more newspapers.

In what manner boundary fences are to be made.

Which oath any one of the said of is hereby empowered to administer; and the said of and surveyor, their assistants and servants, and all and every other person and persons employed by the said of shall, and they hereby have full and free liberty and power at any time or times before the execution of the said award, and to enter into, view, examine, survey, measure, plan, value, and allot the several lands and grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, and to fix stakes or land marks thereon, and to do all matters and things which shall in the judgment of the said of be requisite for carrying this act into execution. And whereas disputes may happen to arise touching the boundaries of the said commons, commonable and waste grounds of Dromiskin; in order therefore to settle such disputes, be it enacted that the said of shall, and they are hereby required to cause notice of their intention to set out the boundaries of the said commons, commonable and waste grounds of Dromiskin, to be inserted in -one or more of the said public newspapers, ten days at least before the time of setting out such bounties, and after the expiration of the time to be specified in such notice, 'they the said of are hereby authorized and required to enquire into, set out, ascertain, fix, and determine the boundaries of the said commons, commonable and waste grounds, and a description of the said boundaries shall, within one calendar month afterwards, be inserted in one or more of the said public newspapers.

V. And be it further enacted, in order to shorten the boundary fences between the said conimons, commonable and waste grounds, and the adjoining lands, that it shall he lawfijl for the said of, with the consent in writing, under the hand of the lord of the manor, and the hands of the major part in value of the land-owner or owners of any adjoining lands upon which such fence or fences are intended to be made, to set out, ascertain, and determine the boundary fences to be made between the said commons, commonable and waste grounds, adjoining to the lands - ' r and

The Fortieth Year of George III. 347

and grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted in such manner as they snail adjudge proper for the purposes aforesaid, and after such boundary fence* shall be set out, ascertained, and determined as aforesaid, the same shall be fenced by such persons in such manner, and at such time or times as the said of shall order and direct in and by their award, and shall for ever thereafter be deemed and taken to be the boundaries between the said commons, commonable and waste grounds, and such adjoining lands, any law, usage, or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all encroachments,

which at any time within twenty years now last past, have Encrciachmentf been made upon the said commons and waste grounds, within twenty shall be deemed part of the lands and grounds to be divideddeemediaart>#f and allotted by virtue of this act, and shall be divided and t^d lands, allotted accordingly, by the said of.

VII. And whereas numbers of persons have built cab-bins, and settled upon the said commons, commonable and waste grounds, without even a right of commonage or pretence to that right; therefore be it enacted, that such person Pergon; wh# or persons as shall appear to said of to have set- have settled on tied thereon ps aforesaid, shall be deprived of the part oruch kpds with*

parts of said commons, commonable and waste grounds as of

ft i i 11 t ii commonage,

he, she, or they shall appear to have so encroached upon, shall be re-

ahd be sent off the same: and in case any dispute shall arise moved.

touching arfy such encroachments or settlers, or the extent

or numbers thereof, such dispute shall be finally determined

by. the said of.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every person and persons having or claiming to have any estate or property, or any right of common, or other right or interest whatsoever into, or over or upon the commons, commonable or waste grounds hereby directed to be divided or allotted, or any part thereof, snail by themselves, their guardians, trustees, agents, or tenants, and they are hereby respectively required at the first or second meeting of the said com- Claims to be

missioners to be held in pursuance of this act, to deliver delivered in ., l..., ... writing at first

m writing to the said of a true and just account or geCond meet-

of their respective claims, rights, and interests into, over, big.

or upon the said lands and grounds hereby directed to be

divided and allotted, or any part or parts thereof, or to any

timber trees, and that no such accounts or claims shall be

received by the said of, after such their second

meeting, except for some special cause, to be allowed by them, and all and every person and persons neglecting or

refusing to deliver such accounts as aforesaid within the time

aforesaid, shall be, and is and are hereby excluded and

debarred from any right of common, or any other common-

able right or interest whatsoever into, over, and upon the said common fields, lands, commons, commonable and waste

grounds; and if any one or more of the said owners and

proprietors f

S4S

Persons who

object to claims shall deliver their objections in writing to the commissioners-

Commissioners to give the necessary orders for roads, bridges, ditches, Jtc. &c.

Mill at Lurgan-green.

Public roads to be 40 feet wide, and fenced on both sides-

No gates on said road, nor trees in or near hedges, at less than 3 yards from each Other-

Commissioners to appoint a surveyor, whose salary and other expences of

roads, &c. they shall pay.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

Sropietors, or other persons interested in the said intended ivision, and allotments shall have any objection or objections to the said a<, counts or claims, or any of them, such objection or objections shall be reduced into writing, and delivered to the said of, and to such other person or persons in such manner, and at such time or times as the said of shall appoint.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said of shall, in the first place, set out and appoint such public and private roads and ways, and shall order and direct such bridges, ditches, banks, stiles, gates, bars, inlets, outlets, drains, water courses, cutting, straightening, or deepening the river or other old water courses, and other works erected or to be erected and made on the said common or commonable waste lands, as they shall think necessary and proper; and there being at present a mill at the outlet of a river, called Lurgan-green or Dundoogan mill, which impedes the passage of the water, and floods said commons, commonable and waste grounds, it shall and may be lawful for the said of to make such cuts, outlets, or banks* or to take away banks, as they shall consider necessary to give the water free passage; provided always, that such cuts, outlets or banks, or the taking away such banks, do not interfere-to lower the present head, level, or overshot of the mill; provided also, that all new public roads so to be set out and appointed as aforesaid (except bridle roads and foot ways, in case any such shall be set out) shall be forty feet m width between and exclusive of the ditches, and so that all the said roads shall be well and sufficiently fenced out on both sides, in such manner and within such time as the said of shall direct and appoint, and that it shall not be lawful for any person to erect , any gate across any of said public roads, or to plant any trees in or near the hedges on the sides thereof, at a less distance from each other than three yards; and after such public roads shall have been set out as aforesaid, the said of shall, and they are hereby required, by writing under their hands, to appoint some proper person to be surveyor thereof, and such surveyor shall cause the said new roads to be fenced and put in good and sufficient repair, and shall be allowed such salary or reward for his trouble therein.as the said of shall, by. writing under their hands, direct and appoint, which salary or reward, and also the expences of forming said roads, and of putting the same in good and sufficient repair, shall be borne and paid by the said of out of any money which shall come into' their hands by virtue of this act, anjd that none of the inhabitants of the said parish of Dromiskin, other than the proprietors of the lands and grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted,

shall

The Fortieth Year of George III. 349

hall be charged and chargeable towards the forming and None but prorepairing of the said roads, until the same shall be made ^o'unds divided fit for the purpose of travellers and carriages, and shall shall be charged have been certified so to be by the said surveyor, by writing for such roads, under his hand, to be delivered to the justices of some ge- for travelteri, neral quarter sessions of the peace to be holden for the &c. as herein* said county, and such certificate shall have , been allowed directed, and confirmed by them, which certificate shall be delivered to the said Justices at their general quarter sessions, to be holdem next after the said roads shall have been formed and put into good and sufficient repair as aforesaid, and within the space of nine months next after the execution of the said award, unless sufficient reason be given to the satisfac-.tien of the said justices that a further time is necessary for that purpose, in which case the said justices may, and are hereby empowered, to allow such fui ther time for the delivering in said certificate as they shall think proper, not exceeding one year; and in case the said surveyor shall penalt on 6or_ neglect or refuse to deliver in such certificate within the time veyor for not before limited, such surveyor shall forfeit and pay a sum not delivering certi-exceeding twenty pounds, to be recovered by distress and umitedVtime. sale of his goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal of any justice of the peace for the said county, 'rendering the overplus (if any) to the said surveyor, after deducting the charges and expences of such warrant, distress, and sale; and such penalty, when recovered, shall be applied in aid of and towards the expences of obtaining and carrying this act into execution; and that after such certi-Said road shall ficate shall have been delivered to the said justices by thebairi-vsual6" said surveyor as aforesaid, and shall have been by them ah manner of* lowed and confirmed, the said roads shall be repaired and public highways kept in repair in such manner as public highways are by law at<

directed to be repaired; and that after the setting out and justices? 7 making such public and private ways or roads, it shall not be lawful for any person to use any ways or roads, either ^or^adcsrsh?l[be public or private, either -on foot or with horses, cattle or used but such carriages, other than such as shall be set out and appointed as shall b«i so as aforesaid, shall be deemed part of the lands to be inclosed set out* by this act, and shall be divided and allotted accordingly, Private ways# and that all the private ways, fences, banks, ditches, drains, &c. shall be*water-courses, bridges, gates, bars, and other works which repaired as shall be set. out, erected and made in pursuance of this act, comndfsioLrs. shall be made, and at all times thereafter repaired, cleansed, supported, and maintained by such person or persons, and in such manner as the said of shall, by tl^eir said award, order, direct, and appoint; provided always, that the said of shall, before the setting out any roads or highways in pursuance of this act, cause ten days Public notice t» notice of their intention in that behalf, and a description of be given by all the public highways and roads intended to be set out and

appointed0 oa m eu

The Fortieth Year of George III.

ed to be set out, appointed by them, to be affixed on the principal door of and objections the parish church of Dromiskin aforesaid, and be inserted posals°tober0"n one or more of t^ie public newspapers; and if any person delivered within or persons shall have any objection thereto, or shall propose ±\ days to any other roads or highways, such person "or persons shall of ^e]jver their objections or proposals in writing to the said of, within twenty one days, or at the first meeting of the said of after the publication of the said notice, and the said of shall thereupon hear the parties, and the evidence offered in support of the said objections or proposals, and after due Consideration thereof, the said of shall set out and appoint all, or any part of the public roads or highways described in the said notice, or such other public highways or roads in lieu thereof, as they shall think proper.

Part of com- X. And be -it further enacted, That the said commis-mons, &c. to be sioners shall, in the next place, assign, set out, and allot

*rimateandhis Unt° an(*for l^C ^orc* Pr^mate an<^is successors, lords pri-iuccestora! W mates of all Ireland, such part of the said commons, commonable and waste lands or grounds within the said parish of Dromiskin, as in the judgment of the said of shall be a full recompence and compensation for his or their*right or rights in and to the soil of the said commons, commonable or waste lands.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said of shall then assign, set out, and allot unto the said reverend Joseph Pratt and his successors, rectors of the parish and parish church of Dromiskin, so much of the remainder of the said commons, commonable and waste lands and grounds, as they shall think and adjudge to be a full equivalent and compensation for his and his successqrfe, rectors of the said parish of Dromiskin, right of common appendant to such rectory, and the glebe thereunto belonging.

XII. And whereas it would be more beneficial to the Commissioners several persons interested in the said division and inclosure, tien^a lots3of" if a competent part of the said commons, commonable and residue of said waste lands and grounds, was set apart and sold, and the lands, to defray money arising from ouch sale applied in defraying the ex-thfs^aet^and°* Pences °* obtaining and carrying this act into execution, be other expences, it therefore further enacted, That the said of shall, giving notice as and are hereby authorized and required, as soon as conve-

erexn directed. njently can be rf5ne after the passing Of this act, to set out,

in not less than three lots, so much of the residue of said commons, commonable arid waste lands, as in their opinion will, by the sale thereof, produce a sura of money sufficient to pay and defray all the charges and expences of obtaining " and passing of this act, and of the surveying, admeasuring, -planning, dividing, and allotting the said commons, commonable and waste lands and grounds, and also all other costs, charges, and expences of carrying this act into execution

Part to be set out for rectors of Dromiskin.

x > by The Fortieth Year of George III.

351

tien, and to sell the lots, so directed to be'sold as aforesaid, at public auction, foi the best price that can be got for the same, but notice of every such sale shall be given three times in one or rnorfe of the said public newspapers, for three Saturdays previous to the day of such sale; and the person or persons who shall at such sale be the highest bidder for any such lot or lots, shall be deemed the purchaser thereof, and shall immediately pay to any one of the of Payment of who may be present at such sale, one-fifth part of the pur- purchase money chase money, as and for a deposite, and shall engage to pay. the residue of the purchase money within two calendar months afterwards, into the hands of one of the said of, who is hereby authorized to give receipts for the same, and also for the money to be paid, as and for a deposite as aforesaid, provided always, that if any purchaser having made such deposite as aforesaid, shall not pay the whole of the purchase money within the time appointed for d osketohe the payment thereof, the money so deposited shall be for- fruited,if*feited to the said of, and shall be applied to-whole purchase wards defraying the expences attending the execution of this act; and it shall be lawful for the said of, upon appointed, and giving such notice as aforesaid, to put up again to sale such land may be set lot or lots, for which the whole of such purchase money shall UPagain, not have been paid, and so toties quoties until the same shall be sold, or the said of may, if they think proper, sell and dispose of such lot or lots, by private contract, jotsma for the best price that can be gotten for the same; and the b^soldby^ money arising by the sale or sales of such lots as aforesaid, vate contract, shall be applied by the said of for the several purposes aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said com- Commissioners missioners are hereby authorized by any deed or deeds to be executed by them under their hands and seals, to grant ga^iots.C ° and convey the fee simple and inheritance of such part of the said commons, commonable and waste lands and grounds so sold to the purchaser or purchasers thereof, and all such grants and conveyances shall be valid and effectual in the law, to all intents and purposes, and after the execution of any such grant or conveyances, the lot or lots so granted and conveyed, shall be held by every such purchaser, his heirs and assigns, freed and discharged of and from all right of common, right of soil, and all other rights and interests of any other person or persons whomsoever, in, over, and upon the same, any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding: provided always, that the purchaser or purchasers of such lot or lots to be sold as aforesaid, shall be subject to the performance of all orders, regulations, and di- pure]iaserg sIiaIj rections, which shall be made by the said of, and besubjeetto inserted in their award for enclosing, fencing, and draining orders for en-

such^ing»fencin

How surplus shall be distributed, or deft, teocy made up

Distribution to under-tenants and cottagers.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

such commons, commonable and waste lands and grounds, and for maintaining and keeping drains and fences belonging thereto in good repair.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case there shall be any surplus of the money arising from the sale of such part of said commons, commonable waste lands and grounds, after paying all charges and expences aforesaid, such surplus shall be paid to, and distributed amongst the several persons to whom other parts of the said commons, commonable and waste lands, shall have been assigned and allotted in such shares and proportions as the said of shall think equitable ana just; but if it shall happen that the purchase money shall not be sufficient to pay and discharge all such charges and expences as aforesaid, then such deficiency shall be made up and paid to the said of by the several persons interested in the division and inclosure of the said commons, commonable and waste lands and grounds, in such shares and proportions, and within such time or times as the said of shall by any writingor writings under their hands order, direct, and ap-

Eoint; and if any such person shall refuse or neglect to pay irf or her share or proportion of the said costs, charges, and expences, to the person or persons authorized to receive the same, at the time which shall be appointed by the said of for the payment thereof, then, and in such case, the said of shall and may, by warrant under their hands and seals, directed unto any person or persons whomsoever, cause the same to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the person so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, rendering the overplus, if any, after deducting the charges and expences attending such warrant, distress ana sale, to the person whose goods and chattels shall have beeii so distrained and sold; or otherwise it shall be lawful for the of, by writing under their hands and seals, to authorize and empower one or more person or persons to enter into and upon the lands and grounds to be allotted or belonging to the person sorefusing or neglecting as aforesaid, to take and receive the rents, issues, ana profits of the same premises, until thereby or therewith, the share and proportion of the costs, charges and expences so appointed to be paid by such person so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, with lawful interest thereupon, from the time the same shall have become due, and also all costs and expences occasioned liy, or attending such* entry on the perception of the rents and profits of the said premises shall, respectively, be.fully paid and satisfied.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said of shall in the next place assign, set out, and allot unto the several undertenants of the several persons herein be-3 fore

The Fortieth Year of George III.

wWjK

fore mentioned, and to the owners of messuages or cottages*

who for twenty years last past have enjoyed a right of com-,

mon upon the said commons, commonable and waste grounds,

euch parts and parcels of the said commons, commonable

and waste ground within the said parish of Dromiskinr as Distribution of

the said of shall in their judgment deeip and con* commons, &c.

aider the said persons to be respectively entitled to, for and ?.

in lieu of such their respective right of common.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said of shall then assign, set out, and allot the residue and remainder of the said commons, commonable and waste lands and grounds within the said parish of Dromiskin, unto and amongst the said most reverend father in God,

lord primate of all Ireland, the right honourable William Henry Fortescue, earl of Clermont, William Charles Fortescue, John Byrne, the reverend doctor Thomas Smyth,

Henry Bellingham, Chichester Fortescue, and Matthew Fortescue, and other proprietors, if any be, their heirs, executors, administrators and assigns, and successors, owners and proprietors of the lands adjoining to the said common, in such shares and proportions as the said of shall judge and determine to be the value of, and in full satisfaction and compensation to him, her, or them respectively, for such rights of commonage as they have hitherto respectively enjoyed therein.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may ^i^oners^" be lawful for the said of, and they are hereby sumnicJnvi£. required from time to time, as they shall see occasion, by any nesses, and en-writing under their hands, to summon and require any per- force atten<iallc son or persons to appear before them, at any time and

place in such writing mentioned, and tro testify the truth upon oath, touching any matter in difference between any of the said proprietors or persons interested, or concerning any matter or thing relating to the premises, wherein any doubt or difficulty shall occur to the said of, and to cause a duplicate or copy of such writing to be delivered to such person required to testify, or left at his or her last*place of abode, and if any person having been so summoned as aforesaid, and having been paid or tendered a sufficient sum of money, to be ascertained by the said of, to defray the charges of his or her attendance, shall, without just and reasonable excuse, neglect or refuse to appear before the said of, pursuant to suet summons or writing, or shall refuse to be sworn, or to be examined, and give evidence touching the premises, the said of* upon due proof thereof made before them upon oath* which oath any one of the said of is hereby empowered to administer, shall, and they are hereby required by warrant under their hands and seats, directed to any person or pqf«eons whomsoever, to cause any sum 6f money, not e^ceef1'

by The Fortieth Year of George III.

Persons who

give {Use evidence on oath, than suffer for perjury.

Comnvms, &c. to be enclosed, fenced by proprietors, KC. as directed by of.

fifty shillings, nor less than ten shillings, to he levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the person so neglecting or refusing to appear, and give evidence, rendering the overplus, if any, upon demand, to the person whose goods and chattels shall have been so distrained and sold, after deducting the costs and charges attending such warrant, distress, and 6ale, and the money so to be levied as aforesaid, shall be applied towards defraying the costs and changes of obtaining and executing this act, and if any person, on his or her examination upon oath before the said of, shall wilfully and corruptly give false evidence, such person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be, and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to such pains and penalties as by any law now in being, persona convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are subject and lian ble to.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said commons* commonable and waste lands and grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, shall be enclosed, hedged, ditched and fenced by such person or persons respectively, within such time, and in suen manner as the said of

shall in and fry their award, order, direct, and appoint, and such hedges, ditches and fences shall at all times thereafter be maintained and kept in repair by such of the proprietor or proprietors of the said lands and grounds as the said of shall, by writing under iheir hands, order and direct; and if any person or persons shall neglect or refuse to make and raise such hedges, ditches and fences, according to the order and direction of the said of, it shall and may be lawful for the said of, and they are hereby empowered and required to cause such hedges, ditches or fences, to be raised and made by such person or persons, in such manner, and at such time, as they the said of shall order and tlirect; and if the person or persons who ought-to have raised and made such hedges, ditches, or fences, shall neglect or refuse to pav the costs and expences of raising and making the same, such costs and expences being settled by the said of within five days after demand made thereof, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful for the said of, and they are hereby required to cause the same to be raised and levied, by such ways and means as the costs, charges and expences of obtaining and executing this act are to be levied and recovered, in case of a deficiency of the money to be raised by the sale of land, to defray the expences thereof.

Potts, See. may

XIX. And for the better preserving the ditches, banks, be fixed on out- plants, quicksets and fences of the said mtended enclosures, ijt tien of fencSr, C" shall an(l may he lawful to and for the said respective persons lie. for 7 yean, to whom any lands or grounds shall be assigned or allotted by virtue of this act, from time to time, and at all times during the

The Fortieth Year of George ID*

955

the term of seven years next after the execution of the said award, to set or fit posts or rails, or any other guards, on the outside of the ditches, banks and fences, bounding their respective allotments, not exceeding three feet from such ditches, banks and fences, for the better preservation of their quicksets, and at all seasonable times before the end of the said term, to remove, take and carry away, such posts, rails, and other guards, and to Convert the same to their respective uses: And whereas there are many acres of land of the ad- Many acre* of joining parishes to the said commons, commonable and waste ^floo^and grounds, that now are much flooded, and if a watercourse was would be bene-cut, banked, or taken through the said commons, or part &*ed by a water* thereof, would be drained thereby, and such lands, as well cour, e' as those immediately bounding and shearing with the said commons, commonable and waste grounds, and the landholders and occupiers thereof, will be greatly advantaged and benefited thereby, and by the ring or bounding fence which will become their shearing, when the said commons, commonable and waste grounds are enclosed, pursuant to this act; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may Commissioner* be lawful for the said of, and they are hereby au- J!^J8Cg£^ne-thorized and empowered to charge such sum and sums of fi^d^notexceed-money on the said lands and grounds so benefited by the said tag 21. per sere, drains and boundary, or ring fence, and upon the owners and occupiers thereof, as they shall think such lands and grounds, or the owners or owner thereof, shall according to their respective estates or interests therein, be benefited thereby; provided such sum does not in the whole exceed the sum of passages to be two pounds sterling per acre; provided always, that conve- left open for is nient gaps and openings shall be left in the fences and enclo- m0Ilt^8*

Sores to be made in pursuance of this act, for the space of twelve calender months next after the execution of the said award, for the passage of cattle, carts and carriages in and through the same, unless the several parties interested shall agree that the same shall be sooner made up and enclosed

XX. And be it further enacted, that the several persons for If persons to

whom any lands or grounds shall be allotted by virtue of this act, shall accept of their respective allotments by taking not possession thereof within the space of four calendar months session within

next after the execution of the said award, and notice thereof Vjff1& in writing to them respectively given by the said commission- debarrwL^* ers, or left at their usual place of abode; and in Case any person or persons shall refuse or neglect to accept his, her, or their allotment or allotments within the time herein be* fore mentioned, such person or persons shall be totally excluded from, and debarred of any estate, interest, rignt, or common, or any other property whatsoever, into, or over and upon any commons, commonable or waste lands or grounds, which snail be assigned or allotted to any other person or Guardians, bus-persons in pursuance of this act, provided always, that the bands, &c. See.

22 guardians, ffcXa?L?CCeR

35*

The Fortieth Year o/" George III.

CUlmt within 12 months after incapacities are removed, shall

guardians, husbands, committees, trustees or attornies of anjP person or persons being minors, under coverture, lunatics, or beyond the sea3, or otherwise incapable by law to accept such shares and allotments as aforesaid, shall, and they are hereby enabled and required to accept thereof, for the use of such person or persons so incapacitated as aforesaid, and every such acceptance shall be, and is hereby declared to be as valid and effectual as if the person or persons for or to whom such allotments shall be made respectively, were capable of acting for himself or themselves, and had accepted such shares and allotments as aforesaid, any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding; but the non-claim or non-acceptance of any guardian, husband, executor, committee or trustee, shall not exclude or prejudice the right or teailowtd, ard claim of any infant, same covert, or person under any disa-cmdam-In.*. biiity as aforesaid, who shall claim or accept his or her share within 6 motuhs. or allotment within the space of twelve calendar month?

next after such disability or incapacity shall be removed, not shall any such non-claim or non-acceptance exclude or prejudice the claim or right of any person entitled as heir, or in remainder, after the death of any person dying under such disability or incapacity, the person or persons so entitled, claiming, or accepting his, her, or their share or allotment within the space of six calendar months next after his, her, or their right, title, or interest, shall have descended or accrued.

An Inamunent

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said commis-inwriiirg^o b? sioners shall, within twelve calendar months after the passing committiLnere, this act, or as soon as conveniently may be after the said corn-after they have miseionere shall have completed the division of the said commoD> coramonablp and waste lands and grounds hereby di-herdn directed. r^cted to be divided and allotted pursuant to the directions of this act, form and draw up an award or instrument in writing, which shall express and denote the quantity of acres, roods, and perches of the said lands and grounds, and the auantity of each and every part and, parcel thereof which snail be assigned and allotted to each of* the parties entitled to or interested in the same, and shall also contain a description of the situation, abuttals, and boundaries of the same parcels and allotments respectively, and such orders and directions for raising and maintaining fences thereon, and for laying out, making, and maintaining proper roads, ways, passages, bridges, gates, stiles, drains, and water-courses in, through, over, and upon the same premises, and also such other orders and regulations as the said of shall think proper and necessary to be inserted in such award, conformable to the purport and tenor q£ this act, and two parts of said award fairly engrossed or written on parchment, with a reduced map or plan of the said commons, commonable and waste loads and grounds thereto annexed, shall be signed,

sealed.

Two part* of

*war<5, with maps annexed, shall be signed, sealed, aca de-

257

The Fortieth Year of George III.

seeded, and delivered by the said of, and the said Livered by com-award shall, within six calendar months after the execution en-

thereof, be enrolled in the rolls' office of the court of chan- rolled in chan-" eery of Ireland, to the end recourse may be had to such en- eery within e rolment by any person or persons interested in 'the said pre- shall^*'tyU mises, and the said award, or a true copy thereof, or of any dence. part thereof, signed by the proper officer or his deputy, shall, from time to time, and at all times thereafter, be admitted and allowed as legal evidence of the matters and things r^to be de therein contained in all courts whatsoever, and one part of ^ered to the e" the said award so enrolled as aforesaid, shall be delivered to primate, and the the said primate of all Ireland, or his successor primate of all °^cr^tlQ Ireland, and the other part thereof shall be deposited and churctTof J^ept in the parish church chest of Dromiskin aforesaid, or in miskin. such other place within the said parish of Dromiskin as the said of shall appoint, and the said award and the several allotments, partitions, exchanges, orders, directions, and other matters and things therein contained, shall be, and are hereby declared to be binding and conclusive unto and upon all and every person and persons interested in and entitled unto the several and respective premises so to be divided, allotted, and exchanged as aforesaid; provided always, that the said proprietors, their attornies, and agents, thdr°owS shall pay their own expences, when they, or any of them, expences at shall attend the said of at any of their meetings, meetings, to be held in pursuance of this act: provided also, That if any of the proprietors, or persons interested in the said com- bypro-

mons, commonable and waste lands and grounds hereby di- prietors shall be rected to be divided and allotted, or any other person or per- repaid, with in* sons, on his, her, or their behalf, shall advance and pay any n^rioners!0m" money in discharge of the fees or other expences of obtaining and executing this act, the money so paid and advanced shall be repaid and satisfied by the direction of the said of, together with lawful interest for the sani*1.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said of Commiisionerj shall, and they are hereby required, at or before the time of their jJ^, 1f^CCy"nJie. signing and executing their said award, to make out a full and tow, may" particular account of all the charges, expences, and disburse- charges*. Ss. ments which shall accrue, or be made by them, or by their order each»Per and consent in the execution of this act, and of all monies by them the said of received, allowed, laid out, and paid in about or for, or concerning the said division and irt-closure, which account, with the proper vouchers, they shall produce to the said proprietors, or any of them, and which said account shall be signed by the said of; provided that it shall $(nd may be lawful for ]the said of and their successors, to charge in the account to be by them made out, the sum of three pounds eight shillings v

pad three pence sterling, for each day that each and every of

S5S The Fortieth Year of George III.

said of shall attend and be actually occupied and employed in and about the execution of this act.

Persons ag-

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or Sdon^h^ceST P6*80118 8*la^ think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved or exchequer, y my thing done in pursuance of this act, then and m every such case, he, she, or they, may prefer a petition to the court of chancery, or the court of exchequer, praying redress, which courts respectively shall thereupon cause suoh proceedings to be had in a summary manner, and shall make such order or orders for redress of every such person who shall be so aggrieved, as to justice in equity shall appertain, saving Stving the rights always to the King's most excellent Majesty, jhis heirs and of his Majesty successors, and to all and every other person and persons, and others. bodies politic and corporate, his, her, and their heirs, successors, executors, ana administrators, save and except the several persons to whom any allotment or allotments snail be made by virtue and in pursuance of this act, for, or in respect of such rights and interests as are hereby meant and intended to be barred and destroyed, and all persons claiming under them, all such right, title, and interest, which they, either, or any of them, could or ought to have had and enjoyed, of, in, to, or out of the said lands and grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted as aforesaid, in case this act had not been passed.

CHAP. XCVIII.

An Act for improving and repairing the road* leading from Tubber, near the Sounds of the countie* of Clare and Gal-way, to Ennis f in the county of Clare9 and from thence to Thomond-Gate, in the county (f the city of Limerickt


[Preamble.]

Wher»£& the several laws now in being, and heretofore made for repairing and keeping in repair the road leading from Tubber, near the bounds of the counties of Clare and Galway, to Ennis, in the county of Clare, and from thence to Thomond-Gate, in the county of the city of Limerick, have been found by experience to be ineffectual, and a new line of road is necessary to be made from different parts of said road now in use between said points, and it is therefore necessary that said several acts heretofore made for repairing and keeping in repair said line of road be now repealed, and that one law be enacted for effecting the purposes thereby intended;

be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Mmesty, Former laws by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and

relating to road temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, is^wbyre-and ^y the authority of the same, that from and after the pealed. first day of August, one thousand eight hundred, the said

several

: ed by

m

The Fortieth Year of George III.

several laws so heretofore made, and now in being, relating to the said road, be, and same are hereby repealed, and made null and void.

II. And be it enacted, That the honourable Francis Burton, Persotn hereto Hugh Dillon Massey, Sir Edward O'Brien, Col. Charles named M'Donnell, Francis Macnamara, James Creagh, Boyle Van- from deleur, Austin Fitzgerald, John Ormsby Vandeleur, John Tobber to O'Callaghan, Laurence ^Comyn, William Macnamara, Henry Limerick. Butler, Henry D'Esterre, John Prendergast Smyth, William George Stackpdole, William Causabon Purdon, and John Westropp, be, and they are hereby appointed of and trustees of the said road, leading from Tubber to the said city of Limerick.

III. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all Monies arising and every the sum and sums of money now due, or in the from tolls shall hands of any person whatsoever, arising from the tolls of said rood, shall, from and after the passing of this act, be, and are hereby vested in, and shall belong to the said trustees or of herein named, and their successors, and accordingly shall be paid over to them, or such person or persons as they, or any seven of them shall lawfully authorize to receive the same, and the same when so received, shall be by them applied to the several purposes of this act.

IV. And be it enacted, That in case of any default of payment within one month after demand in writing, to be signed by any seven or more of said of, it shall and may Commissioners be lawful for the said of to sue for and recover Withheld from the person or persons so indebted, or withholding such after

sum or sums as shall appear, and be proved to be due by them, demand in writer which they ought to have received, and which had be- re(Jovex>

longed to, or was or were before the passing of this act sub- C0Itj>ei 40 ject to the order or direction of said former trustees, or which shall be remaining in the hands of such person or persons, although the same had been by any former act, or by. any order of the said trustees otherwise directed or appropriated, in case such sum or sums shall not, before the passing of this act, have been actually and bona fide applied in pursuance of any former act or order concerning the same, and that the sum or sums so to be sued for and recovered shall be awarded to the said of, with interest thereon, from one month after such previous demand, at the rate of six pounds by the hundred by the year, together with the full costs and charges attending such proceedings, as shall or may be had or taken in law or equity for recovery thereof.

V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Time and place said of shall meet and assemble between the hours

of twelve and two of the clock in the afternoon on the last Tuesday in the month of August next, after the passing of this act, at the county court-house at Ennis, or m case of

Mure

3(50

The fortieth Year of Georg e HI.

ftiktre thereof, on the Tuesday next succeeding, or any future ij of Tuesday; and that seven of shall be necessary to to constitute a constitute a meeting of the said of, and that the (be in city act maj°r^y shall be the act of, and binding upon the

nerick, Yor»d of; and that it shall and may be lawful, to and for the said of, to adjourn said meetings from time to time, but that the places of meeting must alwayB be either in the city of Limerick or town of Ennis, and m no other place whatever.

Commissioners And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

to°be elected* t^iat whenever any of said of herein appointed when vacancies by name, or their successors, shall happen to die or resign, happen. it shall be lawful for the remaining* of, or any

seven or more of them, on the first Tuesday in any month, to elect a person to be a commissioner in his stead, and so from time to time during the continuance of this act, as often as a vacancy shall happen by the death or resignation of any of said of.

All aats of com-

VII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all missioned shall acts to be done by the said of, or any seven or held*as°directed more t^em>or the majority of any seven or more of them.

by this act.

— --J — J r i — y W

under the authority of this act, shall be done and transacted

only at meetings or boards, to be held as aforesaid on the

first Tuesday in every month, or at an adjournment of any

of said meetings, in manner as herein before directed.

Appointment of

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, a treasurer. mi, 1 .*« .,

lnat the said of, or any seven or more or them,

shall at their first meeting after the passing of this act, or at any subsequent meeting, appoint an officer, who shall act as treasurer and register, at a yearly salary not exceeding forty pounds sterling, who shall on being so elected, enter into security before the said of for the faithful execution of his duty, agreeable to the directions of this act, in the sum of five hundred pounds, with two sureties in the sum of two hundred and fiity. pounds each, which security shall be lodged with the treasurer of the county of Glare, and such ©uty ofu-easu- treasurer so elected, shall give notice of, and attend at aller* meetings'of the said of, and take down an entry

of their proceedings in a journal, to be kept by him for that \ purpose; provided nevertheless, that the treasurer so elected,

shall, from time to time, pay into the bank of Maunsell and company, all and every sum and sums of money exceeding the sum of fifty pounds sterling, which shall come into his hands in virtue of his said appointment, on failure of which he is to forfeit his year's salary; and provided also, that it shall and may be lawful to and for any seven or move of said of, at any future meeting to be held by them under this act, to remove said treasurer, and appoint a new one, after notice of a meeting for that special purpose shall be given

Removal of treasurer.

The Fortieth Year of George III. 361

given in one of the Limerick and one of the Ennis newspa-, pers, fourteen days at least previous to such meeting.

IX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said of, or any seven or more of them shall, at their first meeting after the passing of this act, or at any subsequent meeting to be had by them, appoint two or more persons to be and act as supervisors of the said road, to be divided into twddivisions, in manner as herein after men- Appointment ef tioned, at such salaries as the said of shall thinkuPcrmor»* fit, not exceeding in and for any division the yearly sum of twenty shillings per mile for superintending the repairs of said road, and that each of such supervisors shall, previous to his actings such, take and subscribe an oath in the words following, which oath any of the said of is hei eby empowered to administer;

I A.B. do rooear that I will diligently and honestly execute ^uperriwarV the office of supervisor of such part of the road from Tuhher oath. to Ennis, and from thence to Limerick, as shall be committed to my care9 and that I mil according to the best of my skiff and knowledge execute all lawful orders given to me by the co rn mis-sioners of the said road, and thatlwill9 when called upon by the said commission ers9 or any of them9 account for all ike money which shall be confided in9 or be received by me in virtue of and for the purpose of carrying this act into execution,

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That each supervisor so to be elected in virtue of this act shall

attend, and see that all orders and works directed and or- Dotv -fseper. dered by the said of, be properly executed and viscr*' performed, and shall make returns and reports when required, from time to time to the said of superintending his particular district, of the state, nature, and circumstances of that part of said road, and shall remove all nuisances, encroachments, and obstructions thereon, and whenever any part of the said road shall be repaired, each Supervisor shall give in a report in writing, signed by him, to the next meeting of the said of, after such road shall have been repaired, of the manner in which said work has been executed, which reports the treasurer is here- Treasurer t# by directed to keep, in order i f such report shall not appear keep superriw to be accurately made, the salary of such supervisor may be sor'* reports, stopped.

XI. And belt further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every such supervisor shall, when and so often as he

shall be thereunto required, return to the said commission^ Renirngto^ ers an account of the nuisances, encroachments, or offences m?tje by roper-against this act he has found or observed respecting the said visors, road, and the steps he has taken to remove or remedy the same

362 The Fortieth Year of George III.

same, and the penalties he has levied, and the several dayt and times he has visited and inspected the said road.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every supervisor shall have power to repair any sudden breaches or holes which he may observe on any part of said road, first receiving an order for the purpose m>m and under <the hand of any two of having the superiiitendance of that part of said road within his district as aforesaid, the expence whereof shall not exceed the sum of two pounds ten shillings, the account whereof shall be laid before the of at their next meeting, and upon his making oath of such expenditure, and specifying the particulars thereof, they, or any seven or more of them may order the said expences to be paid him by the treasurer of said road.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for the more speedy making and repairing all and every part of said road, it shall be lawful for the said of, or any seven of them, at their said first meeting, or at any fiiture meeting to be held by them, to parcel out the said road from Tubber to Ennis, and from thence to Limerick by Newmarket and Bunratty, in lots or districts of not less than one mile, or more than ten miles in each

Commissioners lot, and to nominate, choose, and appoint, from amongst t^ie whole number of of herein before named, two districts, as or more of, who shall be willing and desirous, or

fcereiii. to whom it may seem convenient to superintend and manage

a given district of, or proportion of said road so parcelled out in lots as aforesaid, and to whom the said supervisors shall resort* from time to time for instructions, in respect to the making and repairing the same, subject however to the controul or order of the of at large, or any three

or more of them, at any board duly assembled, to whom the of so appointed for specially superintending the repairs of each lot or district shall report from time to time, when required, the state and condition thereof, and of the conduct of the supervisor employed in superintending same; Supervisors mayn case of neglect of duty, or disobedience of orders by be suspended for any supervisor, it shall be lawful for any two or more neglect, dec. of so oppointed to the care of his district to suspend each supervisor, and appoint another in his stead, until die matter of complaint shall be investigated at the next meeting of the said of, under this act as aforesaid; provided nevertheless, that it shall be lawful for the said of at large, or any three of them, at such meeting, or any adjournment thereof, to hear and determine on the conduct of such supervisor, and to act as to them shall seem meet.

XIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first day of August next, it

shall

The Fortieth Year of George III. S65

shall and may be lawful Cor the said of, or any ^TF*9 seven or more of them, to establish or erect, or cause to be^erSS/11* established or erected, one or more pay gate or pay gates,

- upon and across any part or parts of the said road, and to build, hire, or relit a toll house convenient to every such gate, to demand and take in each of the said divisions by such person or persons, or their deputies, collectors, or gate keepers, as they or any of them shall authorize so to do, in lieu of the tolls heretofore collected at the several gates on said road in virtue of the said former acts, the following tolls at every such gate, before any beast or carriage shall be permitted to go through the same, that is to say, for Tolls to be pai* every coach, landau, chariot, chaise, phaeton, cabriolet, at every gate, curricle, or chair, if drawn by six horses or other beasts, or by more than six, the sum of two shillings and eight-pence "

halfpenny; if drawn by four or five horses, or other beasts, the sum of two shillings and two-pence; if drawn by two'or three horses, or other beasts, the sum of one shilling and one penny: and if drawn by one horse, or other beast only, the sum of six-pence halfpenny; for every waggon, warn, dray, cart, car, or other carriage, not herein before charged, if the streaks or shoeing of the wheels thereof shall be set on with countersunk flat headed nails, bolts, or screws, and shall be four inches or more in breadth, the sum of one penny for every horse or beast drawing the same; and if the streaks or shoeing of the wheel? thereof shall be set on in like manner, and shall be less than four inches, but not less than three inches in breadth, the sum of one penny halfpenny for every horse or other beast drawing the same; and if the streaks or shoeing of the wheels thereof shall be set on in like manner, and shall be less than three inches in breadth, the sum of two-pence for every horse or other beast drawing the same* and if the streaks or shoeing of the wheels of any such carriage shall be set on with high or sprig-headed nails, bolts, or screws, or with any nails, bolts, or screws, not being countersunk and flat headed, the sum of two-pence for every horse or beast drawing the same; for every horse, mare dr gelding, ass or mule, laden or unladen, the sum of one penny halfpenny; for every drove of oxen, cows, or neat cattle, the sum of two shillings and sixpence by the score, and so in proportion for any greater or less number; for every drove of calves, sheep, lambs or pigs, the sum of one shilling by the score, and so in proportion for any greater or less number; provided always, that for every car whose wheels, however narrow they may be, shall be formed and put on, so as to turn round the axletree, and whose axletree shall be fixed so as not to turn round with the wheels, the sum of one penny only, and no more shall be demanded or taken at any such

gate

4

36*

Thi Fortieth Year of George III.

gate for each hone or other beast drawing the same, if the streaks or shoeing of such wheels be set on with countersunk flatheaded nails, bolts or screws.

T of

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful UonofpYygSeV for ai?y seven of of the said road to alter the and add others! situation of'any of the said pay-gates within such districts of the said road, and add such other pay-gates upon and across any part of the present line of said road, or of any new line of said road, or upon and across any part of the same, or on the said of the present, or of any new line of said road across any Ian$ or way leading out of either of the said lines of road within such district, and to build, hire, or rest a toll-house for every such gate, and there to demand and receive, by such person or persons as they shall authorize thereto, such tolls as are appointed by this act to be taken at any gate within such district of the said road, and that every suph gate shall be deemed a pay-gate; provided always. Not to intercept That no gate shall be erected across any lane "leading into ^nCb^weenlCa" sa^ road> or across the said road, so as to intercept the communication between any two roads repaired by present* ment, where the said roads so repaired by presentment shall lead into the said turnpikeJ road, opposite to or within forty perches of each other; provided always, that no such pay-gate shall be erected within thp liberties of the city of Limerick.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no passenger or passengers, with the same cattle and carriage, shall be liable to p^y any of the said tolls more than once in the same day within the same division; but that every passenger or pas* sengers having paid such toll once, in any one division, may, during the remainder of the same day, Overy such day to be computed from twelve o'clock at flight, until twelve o'clock the succeeding 'night, pass and re-pass, toll free, through -.every pay-gate in the same division, with the same cattle and

Tickets to be carnage for which such toll has been paid, on producing a

produced. ticket denoting the payment of such toll, and containing such other matters as are herein required respecting the same, which ticket every collector is required to gfive gratis on receiving the toll, upon pain of forfeiting five shillings for every omissiQn or refusal, upon conviction before any justice of the' peace of the county in which the offence shall be committed, or before any of the said- of, every of whom are hereby authorized to examine into the same. Carriages with and administer oaths for that purpose; provided always nevertheless, that any other passenger or passengers travelling #gaiD. with the same cattle or carriage which hath been so charged

- as aforesaid, shall be liable to, and accordingly be charged with the like toll as herein before mentioned with the same cattle or carriage, notwithstanding toll had been paid for the same cattle or carriage by other passenger or passengers with-

m

two present-, ment roads.

No pay gate within liberties of city

of Limerick. Tolls only once*day.

365

The Fortieth Year of George III.

la jthesame division in the seme day, it being the true intent and meaning hereof, that each and every person and persons travelling in carriages shall contribute to-and be liable to defray the expence of repairing and keeping in repaiij the said turnpike road; provided also, that such cattle or car* Carriages re* riages, so before charged with the payment of toll in the !fme same division in any one day, shall not, on returning with the paJsengers^or^ same passenger or passengers, or without any passenger or empty, shad! passengers, be liable to the payment of any further or other not PaX. toll than as aforesaid. N

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-Tolls maybe said. That if any person shall refuse to pay the toll payable levied by dfo by him or her, in virtue of this act, it shall be lawful fortreM*

the collector thereof, or person acting as such, to levy the same by distress of the horse or horses, or other beast or beasts, carriage or carriages upon which the toll is by this act imposed, or upon the goods or chattels of the person or persons who ought to pay the same, and such horse or horses, or other beast or beasts, carriage or carriages, or goods and chattels, may be distrained until such toll shall be paid, with the reasonable charges of such distress; and if the same shall not be paid within four days, it shall be lawful for the collector or person acting as such to sell the same, by public auction, at any time after the expiration of the said four days, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner or owners, on demand, after payment of the said toll, and the full expence of such distress and sale.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Same remedies said. That the said of shall have all such reme- nuisances, ^c. dies for removing nuisances and encroachment on said line as by recited of road from Tubber to the city of Limerick, and all such act ss>G. a. powers and authorities for imposing and levying fines and penalties, to all intents and purposes, as are given and provided by an act passed in this kingdom in the thirty-ffinth

year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for improving and repairing the road leading from Newcastle in the county of Limerick, to the city of Limerick, and from thence to Qharleville in the county of Cork, and for repealing the several laws heretofore made relating to said road9 as fully and effectually as if the several clauses herein contained had been made part of this act,

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every part Power of com-of the present line of the said road from Tubber to the city

of Limerick, and of any new line of road to be made pur- the present and puant to the powers and in virtue of this act, shall be within new fine of road, and subject to the powers and provisions of this act, and that the said of, and each and every overseer who shall be appointed by the said of, shall, in respect to the said road, have the like power and authorities as any of the overseers appointed upder apy of the laws now

-in

Tie Fortieth Year of George III.

i^paittncDt

CoAectory to

oatk, wbcnre-

k force, or which may be hereafter made for the mending, repairing, or making the public roods now have, or are, or hall be entitled to.

XX. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawftd for the mid of respectively, or any seven or more of them, from time to time, to appoint as many persons as shall be necessary for receiving the tolls of the pay-gates, which shah be erected on the said road, at such wages, not exceeding the rate of twenty guineas per annum for each and every collector, and from time So time to remove any collector or collectors at will and pleasure of such of, and to appoint other collector or collectors in the stead of such collector or collectors so

__________ removed, and every such collector or collectors shall par the

pay to treasurer money by him collected or received to the treasurer of said road once at least in every month, and as much oftener as be shall be thereunto required by the said treasurer, or by any of the said of; and shall also upon oath, if thereunto required by any one or more of the said of, which oath any of the said of is hereby empowered to administer, give in from time to time a true, exact, and perfect account in writing of all monies by him collected or received by virtue of this act, or by reason of his said employment; and if any such collector shall refuse or omit so to do, and shall thereof be convicted upon the oath of any one credible witness before any justice of the peace or commissioner acting under this act, it shall be lawful for such justice or commissioner to commit such collector to gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize until he shall give in such account upon oath, and pay off all such monies as he shall have received by virtue or this act.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said of or any five of them, may, if they think fit, and they are hereby em-

Ered, on fourteen days notice being given in any one rick paper, and one Ennis paper for that purpose, to lease or farm by the year, for any time not exceeding three years, nor less than one year, the tolls, or any part 'thereof, by this act payable at the pay-gates on the said road, to any person or persons at or for the largest yearly sum that can be got by public cant for the same; provided also, That no lease thereof shall be made before the first day of May one

__________thousand eight hundred and one; provided always. That

wridnf^nonthlf the agreement be put into writing, and signed by the party ^urkv1*tn<* taking same, and that the money be made payable iecuru^' monthly, and that sufficient security be given for the regular payment thereof, to be previously approved of by any seven or more of the of, and that one month be paid in advance, and that every such agreement be approved of and signed by seven at least of the said of;

sad

ftmr af com-

mMoemto

Jfltfttsttt.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

S67

and provided that no such lease shall be granted or contracted for until after the first day of May one thousand ei' indred and one. '

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-Powers of col-, said. That every person appointed to receive the tolls at any

pay*gate, on any of the divisions of the said road, by any taking leases, person or persons taking the same by deed, in writing, shall nave all and singular the like powers and authorities for enforcing the payment thereof, and be subject to and under all and singular the like regulations and restrictions, as any collector appointed by the said of of the said road can, or shall have, or be subject to by virtue of this act, except as to paying the tolls collected to the treasurer, and accounting for the same.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Suits for matter* said. That if any suit shall be commenced against any person J^Sisct or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, or

for any penalty instituted by this act, the venue shall be laid in the county of Clare, and not elsewhere, and the defendant or defendants in such action or actions may plead the

Seneral issue, and give this act, and the special matter in evience, on any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance, and by the authority of this act; and.if it shall appear so to be done, or that such action or actions shall be brought in any other county, or if after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, the plaintiff shall be non-suited, or discontinue his action, or in case of a demurrer, if judgment shall be giveu against the plaintiff, in either or any of such cases the defendant or defendants shall have and recover treble costs, and the like remedy for the same against the* plaintiff as any other defendant or defendants hath or have by law in any other case.

XXIV. And whereas from the great length of said road leading from Tubber to Ennis, and from thence to Limerick by New-Market, and Bunratty, being thirty Irish miles, or thereabouts, it is expedient that the said road shall be divided into two parts; be it enacted, That the said road shall R°ad dMcted accordingly be, and the same is hereby divided into two parts {rfc^a* hmia or districts as follows; that is to say, that so much or the described, said road as lies between Tubber, aforesaid, and the town of Ennis, shall hereafter be known by the name of the Tubber, or first division of said road, and so much thereof as lies between the said town of Ennis and reaches to the city of Limerick, shall be known by the name of the Bunratty, or second division of said road.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- TH* payable said, That no person or persons shall be obliged to pay any ontt^dbistoiu of the tolls now payable on said road more than once in the same day, within any of the said divisions of the said road, but every person having paid the toll or duty now imposed

368

The Fortieth Year of George III.

ftt any one of the gates between Tubber and the town of Ennts on producing a ticket thereof, shall be allowed to pass free through all the said gates' on the said part or divl-f aion of the said road, at any time during the day on which he

has once paid the said toll, as aforesaid, and so in like manner, having once paid the toll at any of the gates of any other division, shall be allowed to pass free through the other gates in the said division of the said road, at any time during the day on which he has so once paid.

Powers of trns-

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-or sa^* shall be lawfhl to and for the said trustees, or any seven or more of them assembled at a regular meeting, to ascertain, describe, and set apart such part and proportion of the lands adjoning or contigiuous to the said road, or any part thereof, or which otherwise be most convenient for widening the said road, or any part thereof, tp a breadth not exceeding forty-one feet from fence to fence, and for carrying or altering the course of, or continuing the same, or.any part thereof straight, or in more convenient lines, not being houses, gardens, parks, paddocks, avenues, plantations, or planted walks, as the said trustees, or any seven or more of them shall judge necessary; and the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, are hereby empowered to treat and agree with the owners and others interested in grounds to be

made use of in widening the course, or altering or carrying A the said road, or any part thereof straight, or in more con-

venient lines as aforesaid, for such recompence and satisfaction to be made to such owners and others for the same, out of the tolls and duties to arise by virtue of this act, as the said trustees, or any seven or more of them shall think fit Proceedings to an<* reasonable; and m case any person or persons shall ne-be had whe gleet or refuse to treat or agree as aforesaid, or through any persons inter- disability by non-age, coverture, or special limitation in any refuse toSeat settlement or settlements, or by reason of any other impedi-with trustees* ment cannot, or shall otherwise however refuse to dispose of their respective interests in such lands, as the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall think necessary, for the purposes aforesaid, in every or any such case the said trustees, or*any seven or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to issue forth their warrant or warrants to the sheriff or sheriffs of the county where such ground doth lie, to im-pannel or return before the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, at such time and place, within the said county, as shall be appointed in such warrant or warrants, a sufficient jury upon their oath, (which oath the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, are hereby empowered to administer, ) and shall enquire into the true and real value of such ground so to be made use of for the purpose aforesaid; and such verdicts and inqusitions as shall be found and returned by the*of 8uchD«-oundtjury^ ascertaining the value of such ground, shall be shall be final.*final and conclusive, as Well to the said trustees as to the several and respective owners and proprietors of such ground, 3 notwithstanding

Verdict* of juries empon-neUed to en-

The Fortieth Year of George III. 36fr

notwithstanding any disability or incapacity whatsoever;

and the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered^ remove any encroach*

ment which shall have been made within the last five years

previous to the passing of this Act, and to issue their warrant Encroachment!

or warrants to the sheriff or sheriffs of the county wherein

such- encroachment has been made, to remove or level the removed/

same, which warrant or warrants the said sheriff or sheriff)

are hereby commanded to obey, under a penalty of forfeiting

the sum of ten pounds for every such neglect or refusal;

Provided always, that such encroachment shall appear to have come within twenty feet of the center of said road.

XXVII. And for as much as the money to be collected by such receipt of toll will not at present be sufficient for immediately widening and repairing the said road, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any seven or more com- Commissioner! missioners shall and may from time to time, as occasion shall ^oo^oiTbilU require, borrow such sums, not exceeding in the whole the as herein disum of five thousand pounds, as they judge necessary to- rectedv wards repairing and widening said road, and forming new lines, instead of any part thereof, and defraying all charges incurred by this act, and for all such sums so borrowed, bills, entitling the bear to the sums therein specified, shall be issued and signed by the tresurer, and signed and sealed by seven of said of, anl such bills shall bear such interest, from the respective dates thereof, as agreed upon between the said of and the lenders of such sums of money, not exceeding the legal interest thereof, and for Interest to b* sums hereafter to be borrowed as aforesaid, there shall be P*1 b7 paid by the treasurer, by order of seven of said commis- surer* sioners, on every first day of May, and first day of November, after the respective dates of said bills to the holders thereof, out of the produce of the tolls of said road, such interest as shall be so agreed on in full to said days, without fee or deduction, until the principal sum in said bill or bills shall be paid at one payment, and all such bills shall be Bills to be mmU numbered in arithmetical progression, beginning with number a^meti-one, until the whole are numbered; provided that no, such Y*

bill shall be issued for less than fifty pounds, or for more than one hundred pounds.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any part of When interest i# said interest be unpaid seven days or more after any of said chancellor may days limited for payment thereof as aforesaid, the lord high appoint a re- 7 chancellor may, on a petition preferred to him in respect cey er, or order thereof, which petition shall be verified by affidavit, appoint festered on"

a receiver to receive so much of the tolls of said road as beingpetitionei. may be necessary to pay such interest and receiver's fees, and reasonable costs attending such application, or may make such order for sequestering the tolls of said road for payment thereof, as to justice shall appertain; and further, that the Application of Vol. XII. 2 A tolls

Tke Fortieth Year of George III.

tolls of said rood shall be applied in discharge of the interest on such debentures, and that said of, or any seven of them, may expend from time to time the sums received by treasurers in payment of said treasurer's salary, in erecting and repairing gates and toll-houses, fixing tables of toRs, and fixing and lighting proper lamps at each of said toll-houses, erecting mile stones and direction posts, paying toll collectors and supervisors, expences of surveys and valuations for widening said road, and for widening and fencing it where widened, and in forming new lines of road, and paying all costs attending same, and in draining, forming, and gravelling, dressing, cleansing, and repairing said road, and rendering it more convenient for travellers, according to their Expenditure to discretion, and in laying materials in convenient places for accounted ior breaches in the winter; and further, that the expenditure of all such money shall be accountable for on oath before said of, which oath any commissioner is empowered to administer, and that such account, specifying the particular manner in which every part of such money has been expended, shall be Said before said of, with a copy of all orders of expenditure, and be deposited with the treasurer once at least every three months, and at much oftener as the said of, or any seven of them require;and further, that if any to whom expenditure of any of said money shall be entrusted by said of, shall not account for so much as he expended thereof in manner aforesaid, in one month after he shall be

b^m»uuiradLr 90 re<P*Te<* by anybe said of or trustees, he ncinj required, jorfejt double the sum so required to account for, and on

non-payment thereof shall be committed by warrant under hAndand seal of the justice before whom Convicted, on oath of any credible witness, to the common gaol, or house of correction, until said forfeiture be paid.

Accounts to be

XXIX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, Inrrr'of1 road* tpeasurer of said road shall, on or before the first

with treasurer of day of every session of parliament, lodge with the treasurer county Clare, on of the county of Clare, an account in writing upon oath, of rof each*^e sa* roftds, and also a particular account of

bc'+Jl eaC the receipt and payments respecting the same.

Commissioners

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That

Jm* cond^on!*^c*'* of, or any three of them, may, if they herein men-"5 think fit, and they are hereby empowered, on fourteen days' tinned. notice being given in any two Ennis or Limerick newspapers

for that purpose, to lease or farm by the year, for any time not exceeding five years, nor less than one year, the tolls by this act payable to any person or persons, at or for the largest yearly sum that can be got for the same; provided always, that they be set by public cant, and that the agreement be put into writing, and signed by the party taking the same, and that the money be made payable monthly, and that proper

Accounts, Ac. to be deposited with treasurer, penalty for not accounting in

71

The Fortieth Year of George III.

per security be given for the regular payment thereof, and that one month be paid in advance, and that every such agreement be approved, of, and signed by three at least of the said of present at such. cant.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That every person ap- Powers of pointed to receive the toll at any pay gate on the said road, person*appoint-by any person or persons taking the same by lease, shall have rec^iv/tout* ail and singular the like powers and authorities, and be subject to all and singular the like regulations, penalties and restrictions as any collector appointed by the saidopmmission-

ers can, or shall have, or be subject to by virtue of this act. except as to paying the tolls collected to the treasurer, and accounting to the same, or to the of.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That every commis-Ev comm*, sioner or justice of the peace shall have power within his 8ioner and justice jurisdiction to administer all oaths which are hereby required of peace may

or directed, or which may be necessary for the purposes ofre^ired^* this act; and if any person shall take or subscribe any oath act. or affirmation prescribed or directed to be taken by, or in pursuance of this act, or for the purpose of carrying this act into execution, and shall therein wilfully affirm or swear Persons who falsely, every such person shall, upon conviction thereof, swear or affirm suffer the pains and penalties enacted against persons guilty falsely shalluf-of wilful and corrupt perjury. '.ferfor perjury.

XXIII. And whereas a patent for a ferry over the oil Recompence to mills river was granted to Henry D'Esterre, of Rosmanaher, be granted to in the county of Clare, esquire, and his heirs for ever, and the said Henry D'Esterre, esquire, did in the year one thou- may sustain by sand seven hundred and eighty-four, at considerable expence altering the roa erect a bridge in the place of said ferry, by virtue of an act of parliament, encouraging and empowering patentees of ferric's to erect bridges in the place of their terries, and to take certain tolls for passing and re-passing the same. And' whereas carrying this pet into execution will deprive said patentee of the benefit arising out of-said tolls, in as much

as the intended new road is proposed to be run nearly pa- N

rail el to the road leading to said bridge, and at a Short distance from the same; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the of, or any seven or

more of them appointed for the purposes of this act be empowered, and they are hereby authorized and required, at any time previous to making said intended new road, to^ examine witnesses touching the value and interest of the said patentee in the tolls of the said bridge, and to grant him such annual sum or sums of idoney, by way of recompence, as they shall judge reasonable for the loss'and damage said patentee shall appear tp them to be likely to sustain therein,

*uch sum or sums of money to be levied in'such manner as other monies to be raised by virtue of this act.

XXXIV. An*

The Fortieth Year of George III.

M^deemcST^1

XXXIV. And be it farther enacted, That this act shall public act. be, and continue in force for the term of thirty-one years from the last day of this present session of parliament, and that the same shall be deemed and taken to be a public act, and judicially noticed as such by all judges, justices, and other persons, without specially pleading the same.

CHAP. XCIX.

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and improving the Streets, Quays, Lanes, and Passages in the Town of Sligo, in the County of Sligo, for establishing a nightly Watch in said Tovm, for supplying the said Town with Pipe Water, and for improving and regulating the Port ana Harbour thereof, '.

Whereas it would conduce much to the improvement of the*town of Sligo, in the county of Sligo, if regulations were adopted for paving, cleansing, and lighting the streets, quays, lanes, and passages thereof, and removing all encroachments, nuisances, and annoyances therein; and if a well regulated nightly watch were established in the said town, and a proper supply of pipe water obtained for the use of the inhabitants, and the commerce of the said town would be much advanced by the improvement and better regula-Persons herein ^on of the port and harbour thereof, be it therefore enacted described and by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the a^v*ce an(* consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and everted the commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the corporation for authority of the same, that the provost and burgesses of

improving the the corporation of Sligo, for the time being, the represen-town and har-« r. X .*r r

bow of Sligo.'* tatives m parliament for the county, and for the town

of Sligo, for the time being, -viscount Palmerstown, lord Dundas, lord Kirkwall, sir Booth Gore, baronet, right honorable Joshua Cooper, William Burton, Alexander Hume, Abraham Martin, Thomas Holmes, John Ellis, William Todd, and John Blake, esquires, together with such person and persons as shall, from time to time, for ever hereafter, be elected and appointed a member or members, in manner herein after mentioned, in the room or place of any member dying or resigning, be from henceforth, and they are -hereby constituted and appointed one body politic and corporate, for carrying into execution the purposes of this act, and as such shall have perpetual succession, and be capable of suing and being sued, and shall be called and known by the name of the corporation for improving the town and harbour of Sligo, and shall have a common sea).

H. And

37$

The Fortieth Year of George ID.

II. And be it enacted, That the members of the said corporation hereby appointed, or some seven or more of them, do and shall meet at the court house in the said town of Sligo, on or before the third day of November next, and do and shall, at such meeting, appoint and constitute one office in some proper and convenient place in the said town, which from thenceforth shall be called and known by tha name of the ballast office of the f>ort of Sligo, and that each and every of the members of the said corporation shall, before they or any of them proceed to execute the purposes of this act, take and subscribe the following oath or affirmation

/, A.B. do solemnly promiu and swear, or affirm, that I will faithfully and impartially, according to the best of my skill and knowledge, execute the several powers and trusts committed to me in ana by an act now in force in this kingdom, entitled. An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and improving the streets, quays, lanes, and passages in the town of Sligo, tn the county of Sligo, for establishing a nightly watch in said town, for supplying the said town with pipe water, and for improving and regulating the port and harbour thereof, without favour or affection, prejudice or malice, and according to the best of my skill and Knowledge.

So help me God.

Which oath or affirmation any seven or more of the said members are hereby empowered to administer to each other, and the same is to be entered in a book to be kept particularly for that purpose.

III. And be it further enacted, That no act of the members of said corporation shall he deemed an act of the said corporation, unless there be at least seven members of the said corporation duly assembled present at such act, and that their act shall be and be considered as the act of the corporation.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after such time as the said corporation shall be incorporated as aforesaid, the said corporation shall and may, at such times and as often as they shall think fit, meet and assemble themselves at the place to be appointed within the said town for that purpose, and shall and may, at such meeting8) give and sign orders for the necessary current and usual expenditures for the carrying on the usual and general business of the said corporation.

V. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said corporation, from time to time, when and as often as they shall think necessary or find it expedient, by summons to be left at the usual place of abode of such of the members of foe said corporation as are residents within the said town, to

convene

'4

Corporation to meet on or bo-fore S Nor. 1800, and appoint a baUatt offiee*

Oath lobe takas by tack member

7 members to constitute a meeting.

Corporation may meet when they please, after they are incorporated.

How meetings hall be convened for election of officers, for making rulee, ordert, byodawf. See. as herein described.

37*

The Fortieth Year of George III.

convent a meeting or meetings of the said corporation, to be held at the said court-house, or such other place of meeting as the said corporation shall appoint, with at least fourteen days notice for election to any office, which summons shall.exuress the purpose for which such meeting shall be intended,

and lhat it snail be lawful for the said corporation, at such respective meeting or meetings to be convened as aforesaid, to elect and appoint proper officers fofr the purpose of carrying this act into execution; that is to say, a treasurer, collector of the rates after mentioned, and haven master, in case they shall judge it expedient so to do, who are to receive and be paid the salaries ana allowances to be appointed by said corporation, during all such time as they shall continue to discharge the duties of their respective offices to the satisfaction of the said corporation, out of the produce of the payments and duties herein after directed to be paid; and also, from time to time, to make and ordain such rules, orders, bye-laws, and regulations for cleansing and improving the said harbour and quays of Sligo, and for regulating the conduct of the masters and owners of shipping resorting to the said harbour and quays, in throwing out and taking in their ballast, and in stationing and mooring their ships and vessels, and for regulating the conduct of the owners and managers of lighters, gabbards, and other vessels to be employed in furnishing ballast to and Liking ballast from such shipping, and for securing of ships and vessels trading to the said harbour, and for regulating and conducting the business of the aforesaid office, and for the well governing of the said office, and the several officers and clerks to be employed therein, and in and about the business thereof, and for regulating the conduct of and well governing the several officers to be employed as herein before mentioned, all which rules, byc-laws, and regulations, shall be a> binding and conclusive, to all intents and purposes, as if the same were enacted by this act, provided such rules, orders, bye laws, and regulations, shall not be contrary to any of the laws or Statutes of this realm.

H jw ejections

VI. And be it enacted, That for continuing the succession sh ill be held of the said corporation, from tinqe to time, and as often as when vacancies any Of the said persons herein, named, or hereafter to be uoroiiou" C°r i e^cete^ members of the said corporation, shall happen to die or resign, or refuse or decline to act, any seven or more of the remaining members of the said corporation, at such meeting to be convened by public advertisement, with at least fourteen days notice, as seven or more of the said members shall appoint, and also by such summons as aforesaid,

shall, from time-to time as aforesaid, elect, nominate, and appoint a fit and able person or persons to be member or members of the said corporation, in the room or stead of* such person or persons so happening to die or resign, or refusing

ms

The Fortieth Year of George III.

fusing or declining to act: and for defraying the expepce of

paving, cleansing, and lighting die streets, quays, lanes, and passages in the said totfn, and establishing and maintainkga'

nightly watch therein, and for enabling the said corporation

to provide a proper supply of pipe water for the use of the

inhabitants, be it enacted, That the said corporation do

yearly, and every year, between the first day of May and

first day of August in each year, direct and appoint the sum

to be raised and levied within the year, commencing an the how yearly ap-

first day of November following, on the inhabitants of; the said town and precincts, for the purpose of defraying the ex- sums to be

o payijjg^ cleansing, lighting, and watching the said levied on inha-

town and precincts, and supplying the inhabi tants thereof with pipe water, and do also nominate and appoint twelve in- Jet* ° habitants of the said town to be applotters, and that the said applotters, or any five or more of them, shall and may, ami they are hereby required to value and estimate the yearly value of the several lands, dwelling-houses, mills, out-houses, offices, cellars, stables, and yards within said town and the precincts thereof, together with such new houses, out-houses, and premises, as shall be from time to time hereafter built, erected, or established within said town, and to applot the money to be raised and paid for each of the several purposes aforesaid, by a proportionate poundage according to the value at which such houses and other premises shall be valued, specifying in such applotment the names of the different persons inhabiting or possessing the same, who are to be liable to pay the same, and specifying particularly and distinctly the rates or sums applotted or assessed on each* for lighting, and for pipe water, and for paving and cleansing, and for watch, and that each of the said applotters shall, previous to his acting as an applotter, take and subscribe an oath, (or solemn affirmation if of the people called quakera) before the provost of the said town, that he will, according oatbto to the best of his skill, abilities, and knowledge, faithfully by applotter, and impartially, without favour or affection, malice or dl will to any person or persons whatsoever, applot 'the said sums so to be applotted as aforesaid; and if any of the applotters so to be appointed pursuant to this act, shall neglect, omit, or reftise to take the oaths or affirmation hereby required to be taken by each of the said applotters, or shall happen to die before the said applotters, ot* any five or more of them shall have made the aforesaid applotrfcents, such neglect* refusal, or omission, or death, shall not invalidate the allotments made, or to be made by the others of the said applotters, or any five or more of them, but the same shall be good and valid, and the said applotments, in ten days after the same appi0tment8 shall be so made, shall be returned to the aforesaid corpora- may be made by tien, or the proper officer by them appointed to receive the 5 or more ap-jwune in writing, sighed by the applotters thereof, or any p otten'

3 fife

J

*76

The Fortieth Year of George III.

Pemkiet on fiveor more of them, and every person who shall be appointed apploctcn who*an applotter pursuant to this act, and shall neglect, omit, or duty, refuse to take upon him the said office, or undertaking the' same shall neglect or omit the execution thereof, or of any part thereof, or shall neglect, omit, ot refuse to return the applotments to be made by him or them as aforesaid, in such manner and within such tune as is herein before directed, or shall without reasonable cause neglect or omit for the space of forty-eight hours after being served with a summons in writing, signed by the provost of the said town, to appear before the said provost, and to take the oath or affirmation hereby required, or shall neglect or omit for twenty days after the majority of the applotters appointed pursuant to this act, shall have taken the oath or affirmation, to make the aforesaid applotments pursuant to this act, in every such case each and every one of the said applotters so offending, shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds, the same to be recovered by distress of the offender's goods, by by warrant under the hand and seal of the provost of the aid town of Sligo, to be issued for that purpose to the constable of said town, or other proper officer or officers, and to be applied in manner herein after directed; and if it shall happen that no such applotment as herein directed shall be roaae by the said applotters, or any five or more of them, within one calendar month after the said applotters shall have been appointed pursuant to this act, then and in such case each and every of the said applotters shall from the end of auch month forfeit the sum of twenty shillings for every day until the said applotment shall be made and returned to the said corporation, or proper officer by them appointed to receive the same, to be levied by distress and sale of the goods of every such applotter, by and under such warrant as aforesaid, and to be applied in manner herein after directed.

VII. And be it enacted, That the said corporation shall toiler paving, may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered flagging, fight- from time to time to order and direct how and in what man-h»g, &c. ner, and with what materials all or any of the streets, lanes,

quays, or passages within the said town, or the precincts thereof, shall be paved, flagged, or repaired, and what number of lamps shall be placed and lighted, when, and how often, and in what manner the said streets, lanes, and places shall be cleansed, and the soil, filth, and dirt thereof removed and disposed of, and the said corporation shall and may from time to time receive proposals from any person or persons for flagging, paving, and repairing the streets, quays, lanes and passages in the said town and precincts, as also for fixing and providing, furnishing and lighting lamps in the said streets, lanes, and passages, and sweeping cleansing, and removing the soil, filth, and dirt from the said streets, lanes and passages, and for providing, laying down, and keeping in repair pipes in the said streets, lanes, and passages, to supply

377

The Fortieth Year g/* George III.

supply the persons inhabiting the houses therein with pipe water, and may from time to time enter into any contract or contracts in writing, with any fit person or persons for executing and performing the said works, or any of them, such contract and contracts to specify particular the several contracts for -works to be done, the prices to be paid for the same, and the , ttck worlU. time or times when or within which the works therein specified are to be completed, and to contain a sufficient penalty or penalties, to be borne or suffered for the non performance thereof, and such penalty or penalties to be therein also specified, and may also enter into any contract or contracts with any person or persons for paving and flagging, and keeping in repair for any number or years not exceeding ten, the flagging and pavement of the said streets, quays, lanes and passages, or for erecting, lighting, cleansing, trimming, snuffing, maintaining, and repairing the lamps in said town, or for cleansing, sweeping, and removing the soil, filth, and dirt from the said streets, quays, lanes and passages, or for providing, laying down, completing and keeping in repair pipes for supplying the said town with water, or for making such trench or trenches, water course or courses, reservoir or reservoirs, as shall be necessary to bring water to, and afford a constant supply of water for said town, and for keeping the same, and every part thereof in repair, all such contract or contracts to be entered in writing, and contracts to be such writing to be signed and executed by the parties there- wr*J*cn a!dJ2T to, and to specify the several particulars before mentioned, cu M e and the payment or recompence for the work or service to be performed, to be payable by equal instalments yearly, or half-yearly, during the term or terms for which such contract or contracts shall be so entered into.

VIII. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this act, the right and property of, in, and to all and every the pavements in the several streets, quays, lanes and passages in the said town and precincts, and all flagging or pavement to be hereafter made in the said town, be, and the same is hereby vested in the said corporation, and that p. and they may authorize and empower any person or persons pavement vested from time to time to take and remove all, or any part of in corporation, the stones of such pavement or flagging, or to sell or dispose thereof, and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said corporation, or any person or persons by" them duly -authorized and appointed, to enter the ground of anV, person where gravel and stones, flags, or other materials fit or necessary for mending, repairing, making, and flagging the streets, quays, lanes and passages and foot-paths may be found, and to search for, dig, raise, and carry away power to materials, first paying to the owner or occupier of suen or carry away ground such rates for such materials so raiseu and carried materials, on away as the said corporation shall deem reasonable, or SE'- —

shall be adjudged by the award of two persons, one to be

chosen

Die.by The Fortieth Year of George III.

Owner* of

ground may appeal to q; sessions.

chosen by said corporation, and the other by such owner or occupier, or by an umpire, to be chosen Dy said referees, in cas£ they shall not agree; and if any such owner or occupier ishall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved or injured by the adjudication of said corporation, or by such award, it shall be lawful for such owner or occupier to appeal therefrom to the justices of the peace of the county of Sligo, at the next general quarter sessions of the peace to be held in said town, who shall and are hereby empowered and required finally to hear and determine such matter, and award such reasonable sums for damages to such owner pr occupier as shall be assessed by a jury at such sessions, which jury the said justices; are hereby empowered and required to impannel, and to administer such oaths " to the said jury, and to all witnesses to be produced by either party on such trial as is usual on other trials before justices at sessions.

IX. And be it enacted, That all signs, sign-irons, posts, ZZX9:1»nh0^ spouts or gutters already placed, or being in any be fixed. of the said streets, lanes, quays or passages in the said town

of precincts, shall be fixed on the sides, ends, or fronts of the houses, shops, ware-houses or buildings respectively, whereunio the same shall belong, and not otherwise, and that the water from the tops of all houses within said town or precincts, fronting upon any street, quay, lane or passage, shall be conveyed into, or near the ground by pipes or trunks brought down by the sides, fronts, or ends of such Ste^s not to houses; and that no steps to any of the said houses shall project. project beyond the front wall of such houses; and if any person shall at any time hereafter hang, erect, place, or build any sign, sign-iron, or post, board, spout, or gutter, jn; any of the streets, 'quays, - lanes or passages in the said town or precincts, or cause the same to be done in any other manrifer than as aforesaid, or erect or place any step to any house outside, or projecting beyond the front wall thereof, unless a license in writing, authorizing such projection, shall be first obtained from said corporation, it shall be Sdch matters lawful for the said corporation, after thirty-one days no-may be removed tice given to the party or parties offending, or the owner ^eCr03l0day190^, or °PCQpier °£ the house to which such sign, iron, post, notice to parties, board, spout or gutter, or projecting step or steps belongs i or appertains, to employ workmen, and to remove such

sign, iron, or post, board, spout or gutter, and place the 6am e agreeable to the directions of this act, and to compel , v such person or persons, owner or occupier, to pay all the

charges attending such removal and new' placing; such cpsts and charges to be levied by distress and sale of the goodft and chattels of such person or persons, owner or occupier, by warrant under the seal of the said corporation.

S79

The Fortieth Year of George III.

X. And be it enacted. That the said corporation shall yearly and every year ascertain and fix on the number aftcll^cc* f!r erect-kjnds of lamps necessary for the said towh and precincts, tug them to !>e and the places-where the same shall he erected, and Suail 00 manner of erecting the darafe, and the time wh*n, and how'* long the said lamps shall be, and continue lighted, and the manner of lighting, cleansing, trimming, snuffing, and repairing the same; and if any person or persons shall wilfully or ipaKciously break, "throw down, or extinguish any lamp or lamps to be erected in the said town or precincts, or wilfully damage the posts, iron, or other furniture Penalties for of the same, it shall be lawful for any person or ersons to arrest and detain such offender or offenders, and to carry irua*/ or bring, or cause him, her, or them, to be carried or brought before the provost of said town, or some other magistrate of the county of Sligo; and such person or persons being convicted by such provost or magistrate, of any of such offences, by the view of such provost or other magi- strate, or upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or by his, her, or their own ^confession, shall /

forfeit and pay to the said corporation, or proper officer by them authorized to receive the same, the sura of forty shillings for each lamp, post, iron, or furniture thereof, and if convicted a second time of a like offence, shall pay the sum of fifty shillings for eaeh lamp, post, iron, or furniture thereof; and if convicted a third time of a like offence, shall for such and every subsequent offence, pay the sum of three pounds, for each lamp, post, iron, or furniture thereof, so broken, thrown down, extinguished, or wilfully damaged, such penalty and penalties to be recovered ancf levied by distress and sale of the offenders goods anil chattels, in manner, and to be applied as herein directed; and in case any person or persons convicted of breaking throwing down, or extinguishing any lamp within the said town or precincts, or wilfully damaging the posts, iron, or other furniture thereof, shall not immediately pay the aforesaid penalty or penalties, or shall not have goods or chattels within the said town or precincts whereout the same can be levied, then such provost or magistrate shall, and is hereby required to commit such offender or offenders, by warrant under his hand and seal, to the common gaol of the county of Sligo, there to be kept to hard labour for such time as such provost or magistrate shall by such warrant direct, not exceeding six months, nor less than one month, and if such penalty or penalties be paid before the expiration of the titae ror which such offender or offenders snail be so committed, then he, she, or they shall be forthwith discharged; provided, that if such person or persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved or injured

by The Fortieth Year of George III.

Appeal to q. tMlons.

Persons who steal lamps, lamp-posts, &c. shall be transported, fined, whipped, or Imprisoned.

Corporation may appoint watchmen, &c.

Powers of watchmen and overseers to apprehend idlers and offenders.

Occupiers of houses, &c. to scrape

by the conviction of such provost or magistrate, such person and persons may appeal to the justices of the peace at the then next general quarter sessions for the county of Sligo, to be held in said town, and if such person or persons be in custody, he, she, or they shall, upon giving sufficient bail to the satisfaction of such provost or magistrate, to appear at such quarter sessions, ana abide the determination of such justice? on such appeal, be forthwith discharged from custody, and the justices of the peace.at such sessions are hereby empowered and required to summon and examine witnesses on oath on either side, and finally to hear and determine such appeal, and make such order thereon as shall be agreeable to the provisions of this act, and to the nature ana circumstances of the case, and shall and may in case of affirming the conviction, issue a warrant or warrants for levying the penalty or penalties, or for committing the offender or offender?; and if any person shall steal or forcibly carry away any of the said lamps, irons, posts, or furniture thereof, such person or persons being thereof lawfully convicted upon indictment, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shaft be transported for seven years, in like manner as other felons are directed by the laws and Statutes of this realm to be transported, or shall be fined, whipped, or imprisoned, at and according to the discretion of the court before which such person or persons shall be convicted.

XI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said corporation, at such time in each year as they shidl deem expedient, to appoint a sufficient number of able watchmen for the said town and precincts, 'and to appoint the times of watch, and wages for such watchmen, and to relit and Occupy one or more watch-house or watch-houses, and to provide and appoint necessary articles for such watch-houses and watchmen, and to appoint annual overseers of such watch, to see that the same be duly kept, and to remove such watchmen and overseers from time to time, and appoint others in their room, and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said watchmen or overseers, or any of them to apprehend all and every idle and disorderly person and persons that they, or any of them shall find in the night time making any affray, or committing any breach of his Majesty's peace in the said town or precincts and such person and persons so apprehended to detain in such watch-house or watch-houses, and to bring all and every such person and persons before the provost of said town, or some magistrate of the county of Sligo, resident in, or near the said town, to be examined and dealt with according to law.

XII. And be it enacted, That every occupier of any house, tenement, stable, yard, or other premises in the said

tow*

The Fortieth Yeas of George III.

581

town of precincts, fronting to any street, quay, lane, or and sweep passage therein, shall, once in every day, from the first day t)€fore their of May to the first day of October, before the hour of^J^ery eight, and from the first day of October to the first day of day, at time* May before the hour of ten of the clock in the forenoon of he^n menti" each day, scrape, sweep, cleanse, or cause to be scraped, on swept, and cleansed, the foot way or street, all along or adjoining to their respective houses', tenements, stables, yards, or other premises over or beyond the gutter opposite thereto, or in default thereof shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of one shilling, the same to be levied and applied by the provost of the said town, for the time being, or any magistrate of the county of Sligo, in manner herein directed.

XIII. And be it enacted, That no person whatsoever Penaltr for carrying out of any house, yard, cellar, lane, or other laying ashes or placer whatever, any coal-ashes, horse-dung, or any other rubbish in any Kind of rubbish or dirt, shall attempt to lay the same in any , treet» lane» &c* of the streets, quays, lanes, or passages in the said town or precincts, but shall have a cart or car ready to load or put said coal-ashes, horse-dung, rubbish or dirt into, and shall carefully carry it away, in, or on the same, under the penalty of ten shillings for every such offence, to be levied and applied as herein directed.

Xiy. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the power to make said corporation, or any person or persons by them thereunto reservoirs and authorized, to enter into the grounds of any person or per-water courset* sons in the said town or precincts, or neighbourhood of the saidtown, houses, gardens, orchards and yards excepted, and to dig, raise, and make one or more reservoir or reservoirs thereon, for the holding and containing fresh water for the supply of the said town, and to dig, cut, and carry any trench or trenches, water-course or water courses, from the said reservoir or reservoirs, to any river adjacent, for the effectual conveying water to the said reservoir or reservoirs, and also from time to time to enter upon all and every- such grounds to repair such reservoir or reservoirs, water-course or water courses, and to dig and cut in and through the said lands from such reservoir or reservoirs, and to fix and lay pipes in and through the same, and in and through all or any of the streets, quays, lanes, ways, and passages in the said town and precincts, for conducting and conveying the said water from the said reservoir or reservoirs, to the several parts of the said town and precincts, the said corporation always paying to the respective owners and occupiers of the Pa^m.e"t to grounds on, in, or through which such reservoir or reser- J^cupierg1©?'* voirs, water-course or water-courses and pipes shall be made, ground, cut, or laid or carried, such rates and damages, in case the parties shall not amicably adjust the same, as shall be adjudged reasonable by a jury of freeholders of the county of

Sligo,

SS2

Penalty for injuring water courses, or diverting the water from them.

Corporation*may treat with any person, or body, for lands necessary for water-courses, 2tc.

Agreements may be, made with persons who consume an extraordinary «juantyof water.

The Fortieths Year of George III.

Sligop to'be impannelled at the succeeding a&izes to be held in and for the said county by the sheriff of said county, whose verdict shall be taken before the judge of assize for said county, and such jury to be returned by virtue of a precept or warrant to be issued to the said sheriff by the said corporation, provided that no member of the said corporation shall be returned or serve on such jury.

XV. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons shall break, throw down, or destroy any trench or trendies, water-course or water-courses, pipe or pipes, to be made in pursuance of this act, or shall make any new. trench of trenches to carry off or divert the water therefrom, each and every person so offending shall, ., for each and every such offence, forfeit the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered by civil bill before the assistant barrister for the county of Sligo, at the next general quarter sessions.

XVI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful &r the said corporation to treat, contract, and agree with and for all and every person and persons, body and bodies politic or corporate, tenants in tail, tenants for life, infants by their guardians, and the guardians and committees of lunatics and idiots, and same coverts, with their husbands, by leases or deeds indented and duly registered, to demise to the said corporation, for any term of, years, any lands that shall or may be necessary for such water-course or watercourses, trench or trenches, reservoir or reservoirs, not exceeding two acres for such reservoir or reservoirs, with such passage and passages, road and roads to such grounds as may be necessary, without fine or other consideration, save only the yearly relit reserved, and that it shall be lawful for the said corporation, and their successors, to Jiave, hold, use, occupy, possess, and enjoy such grounds as shall be so demised during the term and terms to be granted of the same respectively, they paying for the same the yearly relit and rents reserved, and made payable out of and for the same respectively.

XVIJ. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said corporation, from time to time, as occasion may require, to make agreement or agreements with all and every brewers, distillers, maltsters, sugar bakers, tanners, skinners, dyers, butchers, slaughterers, inn-keepers, or other manufacturers, tradesmen, or persons who may require or consume any extraordinary quantity of water, for such annual relit or sum as shall be agreed upon as and for^ their supply of water, according to the consumption of each and every such respective person and persons provided that the sum to be paid by any persop for his supply of water, for one year, shall not exceed the sum of thirty-four pounds two shillings andsix pence.

m

The Fortieth Year of George III. '

XVIII. And be it enacted, That the owner and owners, Sums appiotted occupier and occupiers of each q^nd every dwelling-house, ^ving* cleans^ out-house, mill, store, ware-house, office, cellar, stable, yard, fug, lighting, lahds or premises, within said town or precincts, shall pay and watching, to the said corporation, or to the person or persons to be by alMi or water* them, from time to time, appointed and-authorized to receive the same, the several rates and sums which shall be applotted and assessed, or contracted for in manner aforesaid, to be paid by the owner or occupier of such house, out-house, mill, store, ware-house, cellar, stable, yard, lands or premises respectively, for the paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the said town, and for the water with which such owner or occupier shall or may be supplied; and if any person shall neglect or refuse to pay the annual sum or sums 'applptted and ascertained as aforesaid, or agreed to be paid for an extra supply of pipe water for the space of twenty-one days after personal demand thereof, or demand in writing left at the place of abode of, or the place in the occupation of the person so liable to pay such sum or sums, it shall be lawful for the said corporation, or the officer or officers 1 to be by them from time to time appointed to collect and Collectors may receive the said sum or sums, by warrant under the hand ranMrom^ro- and seal of the provost of the said town, for the time being, yost or justice, or any other member of the said corporation, being a jus- afte.r 2\ day*-tice of peace for the county of Sligo, which warrant and Siting" warrants the said provost, and all and every the member and members of the said corporation, being justices of the peace for said county, is, and are hereby authorized and required, from time to time, to grant, to enter into the house or houses, out-house or out-houses, mill or mills, store or stores, ware-house or ware-houses, office or offices, cellar, stable, yard, land, ground, or premises within the said town or precincts, occupied by the person or persons so chargeable with the said sum or sums, and to distrain his and their goods and chattels; and if all and every such sum and sums, together with the costs of making and taking such distress or distresses, and keeping the same, shall not be paid within ten days after such distress taken, then to sell so much and goods distrained such part of such distress as shall be sufficient to pay the J^/redeeme^ said sum and sums so in arrear and unpaid, together with within 10 days; all costs attending such distress and sale, returning the overplus, if any, to the owner or owners of such goods and chattels so distrained and sold; provided always, that no inhabitant within said town or precincts* whose house or cabin houses or cabins shall be under the yearly value of three pounds, shall be 2£ai not charged or pay any part of the expences, costs, or charges charged; of paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, or for supply of pipe water, and that it shall not be necessary for the ap-plotters herein mentioned to assess or applot any such house

or

sfe*

The Fortieth Year of George III.

sums to ba ap- or houses; and that the sum and sums to be applotted and rai^df not ra*8e(^ for purposes of this act, or any of them, shall not weed the exceed, in any one year, the following rates of poundage, poundage herein according to the value at which such houses or other pre-I^the valued8 mises valued as aforesaid; and that all out-houses,

houses, &c. stables, cellars, yards, grounds, or other premises adjoining and used or occupied with any dwelling-house in the said town or precincts, shall be valued with such dwelling-house, and not separate therefrom, that is to say, for paving, one ^&f"ur^8hi, lingan.d six pence in the pound; for cleansing, three ply of pipeUP" pence in the pound; for lighting, one shilling in the pound; water. and towards support of the watch, one shilling in the pound

and that the sum to be paid for pipe water, by any person who shall not carry on any trade, manufacture, or business that shall or may require any extraordinary supply of water, shall not, in any one year, exceed the sum of forty shillings: And provided also. That no tenant, oqcupier, or owner of any house or premises in the said town or liberties, shall be liable to or pay any part of the sum to be applotted for lighting the said town, whose dwelling-house or premises shall be dwellin -houses more ^an one hund/ed'feet distant from any lamp to be more than ioo erected by the said corporation, and that no such tenant, feet from a lamp occupier or owner, shall be liable to pay any part of the H2htinPay for sum to appl°tted for supplying the said town with pipe^* water, unless a main pipe shall have been laid in the street,

none to pay for <Iuay» lane, or passage in or near to which such dwelling-pipe water house or premises is situated, and that such tenant, occu-P*er or owner> can or may be supp!icd with water from such not own. pjpe^he, she> or they fit, such' tenant, occupier, or owner, nevertheless to provide and lay-down at his, her, or pipes at expence t^r own exPence> a pipe to convey such water from the otowners. said main pipe to such dwelling-house or premises, apd the bore or dimensions of such pipe not to exceed one inch and a half in diameter, unless such tenant, occupier or owner shall have agreed to pay for an extra supply of water.

XIX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said corporation to order and direct, that the markets of the said town be removed from,uid no longer.held in any of the streets, quays, or lanes of the said town, and to appoint such convenient place or places as they shall deem fit to be the place or places where only the said market shall, at all times to come, be held and kept in the said town, and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said corporation to corporation may contract and agree with, and to and for all and every person take ground for and persons, body and bodies politic or corporate, guardians, markets* committees, same covert, or others, to demise for any term of years to the said corporation, any plot or plots, piece or pieces of ground in the said town, not exceeding one acre

in

Markets to be removed.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

in each, ^hat shall or may be necessary for the scite of such market or markets, in like manner as the said corporation may treat, contract, or agree, or any person or persons,

' body or bodies, guardians, committees, and same coverts,

may demise to the said corporation lands or grounds for the water-course or water courses, reservoir or reservoirs herein before mentioned, and that the said corporation may hold, possess, and enjoy such ground for the term to be granted thereof, and erect and build, or cause to be erected and built, such shambles, stalls, or buildings, as they may deem necessary, and demise the same, and recover the reserved relit thereof, as any person or persons may lawfully do.

XX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said corporation, ' as soon as such shambles, stalls, and build* ings as they may deem sufficient for a new market or markets for the said town shall have been erected by them, or otherwise provided for the accommodation of the public, to cause written or printed notices thereof, signed by seven or x more of them, to be publicly posted on the church, chapel, court-house, and such other public places in the said town, and its liberties, as to them may seem sufficient, which notices are to specify their direction and appointment, that from and after a certain day to be therein mentioned, not less than one calendar month from the date of the notice, the markets of the said town are to be, and shall be removed to the particular place or places to be therein also mentioned, and shall be no longer held in the streets, quays, or lanes, of the said town.

XXI. And be it enacted, That if at any time after the penalty and for-day in any such notice specified, any person or persons shall feiture for exsell, or expose to sale any butcher's meat, fish, fowl, grain,

or vegetables, in any of the open streets, quays, or lanes of or vegets&fesfti the said town, such person or persons shall for every such sale, in streets, offence forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds, to be reco- ^er ucl?n^8, vered before the provost of the said town, or any one justice tice, of peace for the said county, who may happen to be a member of the said corporation for the time being, being, on view of such provost or justice, or on the confession of the offendef, or on the oath of any one credible witness, and that all such butcher's meat, fish, fowl, grain and vegetables so sold or exposed, shall also be forfeited, and may be seized by the said provost, or any such justice, or by any person or persons duly authorized by warrant under the hand and seal of such provost or justice, the said meat, fish, fowl, ' grain, and vegetables, to be sent to the prison of the said town, and the said penalty of five pounds, to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the offender, by warrant under the hand and seal of such provost of justice, and applied as herein after directed.

You XII. 2 B XXII. And

The Fortieth Year of George III.

XXII. And be it enacted, That the said corporation shall hare power and authority from time to time to purchase any house or houses, ground or grounds, building or buildings, for the purpose ot making new, or of widening and making CuSSorSwidniore convenient the streets, quays, lanes, and passages of for widening or the said town and precincts, that they shall think proper, mating new or the quantity of ground to be purchased for widening any Sets*, quay*, it'reet> quay> lane, or passage, not however to exceed one Ac. '9hundred feet backward, or at either sidfe of any such streets,

quays, lanes, or passages intended to be widened or improved, and that the said corporation be, and are hereby invested with all and singular the powers and authorities vested in and by an act passed in this kingdom in the thirty-first year of King George the second, entitled. An act for making a toide and convenient way, street, and passage from Essex-corporation shall bridge to the castle of Dublin, and for other purposes therein havepowers mentioned, together with all and every the*additional powers

VSted r<G ky any ac*or acts since given or granted to the of S.amdadcUd-n smd act mentioned, or by. an act passed in the twenty-onal powers third and twenty-fourth years of his present Majesty's reign, "nce jen to entitled, An act for better regulating the police oft he city of th^men-" Waterford, so far as the same shall or may be necessary for tioned; or making new or convenient streets or passages, or widening an(^ma^ing more convenient the present streets, quays, lanes, g!\ nd passages in the said town ana precincts, and that all and singular the clauses contained in the said act of the thirty-first year of George the second, and that clause in the said act of the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of hi/ present Majesty, whereby certain of are named and authorized to act, shall so far as the same are applicable to, or can be used with respect to the streets, quay3, lanes, and passages in the said town and precincts, be of the same force and effect with respect thereto, as if herein repeated, and the several powers therein hereby specially given and granted to the said corporation, provided that the saifl corporation shall not, or may not proceed to lay out any new'way, street, or passage, or widen any of the present Streets, lanes, or passages in the said town or precincts, unless a No new street jury shall have found and presented, that such way, ' street, be laiX out* or Passage>s necessary to be made or widened, such jury to

unless presented b summoned by the sheriff of the county of Sligo, by virtue by a jury, to be of a precept from the said corporation, under their common wagoned a* seal, and signed by any three members of the said corporation, and impannelled in the manner, for the purposes, and with the powers directed and vested by the said act of the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of his present Majesty.

Corporation

XXIII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be law-may extend and ftj to and for the said corporation to extend and encrease dock»qw&take pretent quay of the said town, and from time to time*te

9

The Fortieth Year of George III. 967

|o erect one or more nei?r quay or quays there, and also to ruIe* and ordsrt erect one or more graving or floating dock or docks, in or «ort^harbour contiguous to the said town, and from time to time to make and quays, and and ordain such rules, orders, bye-laws, and regulations for to masters of cleansing and improving the port and harbour and quays of9^s* &c*

Sligo, for regulating the conduct of masters and owners of shipping resorting to the said harbour and quays for station* ing and mooring their ships and vessels, for throwing out and taking in ballast, for regulating the conduct of owners and managers of lighters, gabbards, and other vessels, to be employed in furnishing ballast to, and taking ballast from such shipping, and for securing ships and vessels trading to the said harbour, "and for regulating and conducting the business of the aforesaid office, and for the well governing of the said office, and the several officers and others to be appointed as the said corporation shall deem fit and necessary.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That the said corporation shall Corporation and may demand, receive, and take such and the like rates may demand for ballast, as are mentioned in an act passed in the thirty- bankas b6rre-fourth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled. An act for the efted'aa, 24 ST improvement of the town, port, and harbour of Wexford', and 3- are payable

for building a bridge or bridges over the river Slanet/9 at or at Wexford» near said town, and that all and singular the powers andpowerg authorities in and by the said act given and granted to the^or purpose# corporation therein mentioned, for the purpose of erecting herein menti-quays, wharfs, tmd docks, compelling the proprietors ofoned* boats, wherries, and other vessels to register and take out $ license for compelling the payment of a like duty as in the said act mentioned, for each and every ship and vessel that shall arrive in the port and harbour of Sligo, for every trip or voyage suqh ship or vessel shall make to the said harbour, for levying the penalties thereon on all and every person and persons, except those thereto authorized by the said corporation, who shall deliver to or take from any ship or vessel any ballast, and for enforcing the several penalties and regulations in the said act be, and the same are hereby vestea in the said corporation hereby created, as fully and effectually as if repeated, and hereby re-enacted in this act.

XXV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Corporation

said corporation to take up and borrow upon the credit of may borrow - the rates, duties, and taxes hereby vested in them, any-sum 17

or sums of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of ^Umere^t. six thousand pounds, at any rate not exceeding legal interest

for the same, at the time of Borrowing; and for securing the repayment thereof, it shall be lawful for the said corporation to issue debentures under their seal for the sum or sums of money so to be borrowed, in such manner and form as the said corporation by any bye-law or laws to be entered into by them shall appoint, and the sums in such debentures

2 contained

MS

The Fortieth Year of George III.

Contained shall be actual charges and liens upon, the said rates, duties, and taxes, or so much of them as shall be specified in the said debentures, to be subject to the re-payment of the sums in them contained.

Corporation

XXVI. And be it enacted, That the said corporation shall h^ihd0ckB ^or PurP9e erecting one or more floating and graving wmepowerTaa dock or docks, in or contiguous to the said town, be and are ire mnted by hereby invested with all and every the powers and authorities royal canal act, contained in an act passed in the thirty-second year of his 4irecu<L* Present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to enable the royal canal company to make docks on the north side of the river Liffey, and that the corporation hereby created, or the person or persons by them thereto authorized, shall and may demand, receive, and take from the masters, commafrders, or owners of all and every ship and vessel that shall go into, of come out of any dock, to be erected in pursuance of this act, such rates and duties, as by the said recited act, the royal canal company were authorized to demand, receive, or take from the masters, commanders, or owners of ships and vessels going into, or coming out of the docks, in the said act mentioned, with like mode and power to the corporation hereby created of ascertaining the tonnage of vessels, regulating the conduct of masters, commanders, and owners of ships and vessels, and penalties for enforcing payment of the rates payable by such masters, commanders or owners, as in and by the said act are given to the said royal canal com-

Corpor&tion

pany.

XXVIL. And be

it enacted, That the said corporation SSot8Pwho shall ^ere^y created, shall, and they are hereby empowered to nve security for appoint, during their will and pleasure, such number of the discharge of skilful pilots, as shall appear to them from time to time to be their duty. necessary, to take charge of ships and vessels trading to the said port of Sligo, and from time to time to make such rules, orders and regulations for the regulating the conduct of such pilots so to be appointed, as they shall judge necessary, and shall grant a license, under the corporation seal, to every such pilot and pilots, upon his or their entering into bond to the said corporation, with two sufficient sureties, for the faithful discharge of the duty of such pilot and pilots, in such sum as the said corporation shall direct; and the said corporation shall, and they are hereby empowered from time corporation to to time, to regulate and ascertain the wages and recompence wa* es^and re to^the masters t)r owners of all and every snip or

compence tcfbe vessel trading to the said port and harbour of Sligo, who paid to pilots, shall require such pilot or pilots, and from time to time to from time to ^er and change the sums ascertained as and for such wages and recompence, and to appoint such other wages and recompence as they shall think fit.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That if any licensed pilot who shall- go on board any ship or vessel coming into, or

going

from time to time.

Ity

pilots for neglecting duty.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

m

going out of the said port or harbour for the purpose* of piloting the same, shall wilfully, or in any manner neglect or refuse to perform his duty in piloting such ship or vessel, so as to cause any unnecessary delay or injury to such ship or vessel, and shall be thereof convicted by the oath of one credible witness, before the provost*' of said town, or any member of the said corporation, being a justice of the peace for the county of Sligo, such pilot shall, for every such offence, forfeit such sum as such magistrate shall think fit, mot exceeding five pounds, to be levied by distress and sale Of the goods and chattels of such pilot, by warrant under the hand and seal of such magistrate; and if no sufficient distress can be had whereout the said penalty can be levied, then such provost or justice of peace is hereby required to commit such pilot to the common gaol of the said town, for such time not exceeding three months, as such magistrate shall think fit; provided that nothing herein contained shall be construed to charge or render the said corporation, or any conduct of member thereof, liable for any neglect or misconduct of any pilots, such licensed pilot.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That the provost of the said Oaths prescrib-town of Sligo, or any justice of peace of the said county of^abybeadmf-Sligo, shall have power, and they and every of them are iStered by the hereby authorized and required to administer all and every provost, or anf oath and oaths, affirmation and affirmations, prescribed or t0*/thf directed to be taken by, or in pursuance of this act, or c°

which shall or may be necessary for carrying this act into execution, or for trying and determining all and every complaint or complaints for any matter or thing done, or alleged to be done against any of the provisions or regulations herein con- % tained, or against any bye-law to be made or entered into by the said corporation, pursuant to the provisions herein contained.

XXX. And be it enacted, That in all cases where any

oath is prescribed or mentioned in this act, the affirmation of The affirmation the party, if he or she shall be a quaker, shall and may be of aauakermay made or taken in the place of such oath; and if any person be t*en' or persons shall take or subscribe any oath or affirmation persons who prescribed or directed to be taken by, or in pursuance of ^harT" this act, or for the purpose of carrying this act into execu- 8uffe/for per-, tien, and shall therein wilfully swear or affirm falsely, or jury, &c. shall procure or induce any person or persons to make such false dish or affirmation, every such person being convicted of said offences, or either of them, shall be adjudged guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury, or subornation of perjury, and suffer the pains and penalties which by law aie to be inflicted on persons convicted of such offences respectively.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That all fines, penalties and Recovery and forfeitures imposed for any offence committed against this flne^&^not act, the manner of levying and applying which is not herein hereto otherwise

and particularly di-mttd*

900

The Fortieth Year of George III.

end hereby particularly directed, shall and may be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the offender or offenders, by warrant under the hand and seal of the provost of the said town, tbr the time being, or any magistrate of the county of Sligo, being a member of the said corporation for the time being, before whom such offender or offenders shall be convicted, on the view of such provost or magistrate, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or on his, her, or their own confession; and m case of non-payment thereof, or of any fine or penalty which shall be imposed by the authority of this act, the offender or offenders shall be committed by the said provost for the time being, or any such justice of the peace, by warrant under his hand and seal, to the common gaol, or house of correction of the said county of Sligoy there to remain*ithout bail or mainprize for any time not exceeding three months, or until the said fine, forfeiture, or penalty l*e paid; and every such fine, forfeiture or penalty when paid, shall be applied by such provost or justice of peace ra rewarding the informer or parties convicting, and the con-tab! js or other person assisting, or partly in one and partly in the other of the purposes aforesaid, as to such provost or justice of the peace shall seem proper, pertfty for re- XX

XII. And be it enacted, That in case any person or; r, rM>m persons shall resist or make forcible opposition against any c'vj'ioytd in tbr person or persons employed in the execution of this act, or cP ai't^»nf ui* 5*UI^ awuuit any collector of the rates or tolls in theexecu-iuM* - tiod °fhis or their office or offices, or shall make, or at-

gUciir.g <luty. tempt to make any rescue of any cattle, carriage, or other goods distrained or seized by virtue of this act, or if any constable or sub-constable shall refuse or neglect to execute any warrant granted by the provost of the said town, or any justice of peace of the said county, pursuant to the directions of this act, every person and persons so offending, and being thereof convicted in manner aforesaid, shall for every such offence forfeit and pay such sum, nQt exceeding ten pounds* nor less than forty shillings, as the said provost or justice of peace, before whom such conviction shall be had shall direct; and in case such sum be not immediately paid, shall and may be committed by warrant under' the hand an^l seal of the said provost or justice of peace, to the common gaol, or house of correction of the said county, for any time, not exceeding three months, nor less than one month, as such provost or justice shall direct.

J H trc*B nrt

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That when any distress shall unlaw- be made for any sum or sums of money to be levied by vir-ful for want of tue, or in pursuance of this act, the distress itself shall not cili damatjeT" be deemed unlawful, nor the party or parties making the ma) bereco- same deemed a trespasser, on account of any default or verui. Kant of form in any proceedings plating thereto, nor shall

the

The Fortieth Year of George III. $91

the party or parties distraining be deemed a trespasser or trespassers, ab initio, on account of any irregularity afterwards done or committed by the party or parties distraining, but the person or persons aggrieved by such irregularity may recover special damage for the injury in an action on the case.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That if any action be Actions for brought, or suit or information filed or commenced. against matters dpne in any person or persons, for or on account of any matter or thing by him, her, or them done in pursuance or execution of this act, such action, suit, or information shall be commenced, laid, or brought within six months after the fact done, and shall be laid in the county of Sligo, and not elsewhere, and the defendant or defendants in such action, suit, or information, may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if such action, suit, or information, shall not be brought or commenced within the time hereby limited, or shall be brought in any county, city, town or place, other than as aforesaid, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become non-suited, or suffer a discontinuance of his, her, or their action or actions, or if a verdict or verdicts pass against him, her, or them, or if upon demurrer or otherwise, judgment be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, then the said defendant or defendants shall have treble costs, with trebIe COJtf tQ such and the like remedies for recovery of the same as any defendant, defendant or defendants hath or have for recovery of costs, whereby law costs are given to defendants.

XXaV. And be it enacted, That the said corporation Expence* of thie hall and may, out of the first monies to be raised and levied ££tto Repaid by and in pursuance of this act, pay and defray the expence nies^andVt1110* of obtaining this act, and that the same shall be deemed, ad- shall be a publie judged, and taken to be a public act, and shall in all cases be act* judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same; provided always, that it shall not be deemed compul- corporation ory upon the aforesaid corporation to carry into execution need not carry the whole, or any part of the regulations herein mentioned, otherwise than so far as in their discretion they shall think than they think expedient, any thing herein to the contrary notwithstanding, expedient.

CHAP.

The Fortieth Year of George III.

Vide load sets,

53 G. 3. c. TO-

Recital 10 G. 1.

Said act wi» by Si G. 1, and both were continued by YarkHutub-equeotac^a herein recited.

CHAP. C.

An Act for the better Reflation of the Butter Trade of the City of Cork, and the Liberties thereof and for the better Regulation of the said City in the other Matters therein mentioned, and in respect to Lighters and Vessels plying for Hire, and also respecting Sedan Chairs9 Coaches, and Chaises plying for Hire mthin the City and Liberties of the City of Cork.*

Whereas an act passed in the tenth year of his late Majesty, King George the first, entitled, An Act for continuing and ameneung of the law in relation to butter and tallow, and the casks in which such goods are to be made up, and in relation to the curing of hides, and making up of beef and pork for exportation, and for the preventing the destruction of salmon, which said act was explained and amended by another act, made in the twelfth year of the late King George the first, entitled. An Act for explaining and amending an act, entitled. An act for continuing and amending if the law relating to butter ana tallow, and me casks in which such goods are tooe made up, and in relation to the curitig of hides, and making up of beef and pork for exportation, and for preventing the destruction of salmon, which said acts have been amended, and further continued by several acts to the end of the session of parliament in the twenty-fifth year of his late Majesty King George the second, and by an act made in this kingdom in the said twenty-fifth year of his said late Majesty's reign, entitled, An Act for reviving, continuing, ana amending several temporary Statutes, the said acts were amended, ana further continued to the twenty-ninth day of September, in the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty* nine, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and by an act passed in the fifth year of his present Majesty, entitled. An act for continuing, reviving, and amending several temporary Statutes, and for empowering the grand jury of the county of Kilkenny, at the assizes, to encrease the salary of the treasurer of the county, the said last recited act, so w as it relates to the continuing and amending the said laws in relation to butter and tallow, and the casks in which such goods are to be made up, and for the curing of hides, and making up beef and pork for exportation, with the several alterations and amendments therein contained, was continued until the twenty-ninth day of September, in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and from thence to the en4 of the then next session of parliament;

The Fortieth Year of George III.'

ment; and by an act passed in the thirty-first year of his present Majesty, entitled, An Act for continuing an act passed in thetenth year of King George the first, for continue ing and amending of the laws m relation to butter and tallow, and the casks in which such goods are to be made up, and in relation to the curing of hides, and making up of beef and porkfor exportation, and for the preventing the destruction of'salmon, the said last recited act, so far as it relates to the continuing and amending' the said laws in relation to butter and tallow, and the casks in which such goods are to be made up, and for the curing of hides, and making up beef and pork for exportation, with the several alterations and amendments therein contained, was further continued to the twenty-ninth day of September which will be in the year one thousand eight hundred and twelve, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, which said last recited act So far as it relates to butter, and the Casks in which it is to be made up, and the curing of hides and calf skins, has been found in many points inexpedient for the city of Cork, which is a plaoe of great trade and export, and it is become necessary to reduce and digest the several provisions and regulations in the said former acts contained, so far as they relate to the butter trade of said city, and the liberties thereof, and* the casks in which such butter is to be made upland to the curing of hides and calf skins, within said city and the liberties thereof, into one act, with such alterations and amendments as are herein after contained; be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that from and after the passing of this act, no part of said last mentioned act, which relates to butter, and the casks No part of rein which such butter is to be made up, or to the curing Of cit.eAact 10bG-1 hides or calf skins, shall extend to, or be in force within the ter^butter-ewks city or liberties of Cork, but that the same, so far as it re- hides, or calf lates to the butter trade of said city and liberties, and the casks in which such butter is to be made up and the cur-JJ Cork^exa^t ing of hides and calf skins within said city and the liberties so much as re-.thereof, shall be, and is hereby repealed, and from hence-forth shall be, and is hereby declared null and void to all in- masters.^* 8 - tents and purposes whatsoever, save and except so much of said act as empowers his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to appoint one or more person or persons to be weigh-master or weigh-masters of said city of Cork.

II. And whereas his Majesty, in pursuance of the powers Duty of present vested in him by the lasted recited act, has been pleased to ^g^iJ.aJtecr- appoint and nominate the honorable Thomas Knox, Thomas cessor*?*UC- Burgh, and Mountiford Longfield, esquires, to be weigh-mas-ters of said city i be it further enacted by the authority.f frfpcesaid, That the said weigh-masters, and their successor

and

The Fortieth Year of George III.

and successors in said office to be nominated and appointed pursuant to said act, shall provide a, sufficient and convenient weigh-house or weigh-houses within said city, or the suburbs thereof, and shall also provide beams, scales, weights, branding irons, and other necessaries, at their own proper costs and charges, and shall attend at their respective weigh-house or weigh houses, by themselves, or by a sufficient deputy or deputies, every day in the week, (Sundays, Christmas-day, amt Stephen's-day, and New Year's-day excepted) from six of the clock in the morning until one, and from two in the afternoon until seven, from the twenty-fifth day of March until the twenty-ninth day of September, and from thence until the twenty-fifth day of March, from eight of the clock in the morning until one, and from two in the afternoon until four, and then and there weigh, brand, and mark alf such butter and empty casks as by the said act they are required. How long the

III. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That masten sfeln the said weigh-masters, their successor or successors, and every hold their office, of them shall, until the end and expiration of this act, hold and enjoy such his and their office of weigh-master or weigh-masters of said city during his and their good behaviour, or until such time as he or they, his or their deputy or deputies x shall $ in manner herein after mentioned, before the mayor,

aldermen, and common council of said city, be convicted of having acted contrary to the duty of his or their office.

The corporation XV, And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That wcUh-mawters ^le mayor, aldermen, and common council of said city, or their depu- shall and may upon full proof of the misbehaviour of said de*, yr proof weigh-masters, their successor or successors, his or their of misbehaviour jepUty or deputies, or any of them, in his or their office, upon full hearing of him or them, or upon his or their being duly summoned, and neglecting to appear, by writing under' the hand and seal of said mayor, remove the said weigh-masters, their successor or successors, or any of them.

Weigh-master*, V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if

plaining of them sa^ weigh-masters, their successor or successors, or any of, may appeal to them so removed, or the person or persons complaining of justices of assize him or them, shall think him or themselves aggrieved by the ihalThetoal!008 determination of the said mayor, aldermen, and common council, it shall and may be lawful for, the party who shall think himself so aggrieved to apply by petition to the justice or justices of assize fcr the county of the said city, in his or their next circuit, who is and are hereby empowered and required to hear, and finally determine the matter of such petition, and to restore said weigh-masters, their successor or successors, or any of them, if unduly removed, or to remove him or therm or any of them, if the complaint be

thought

The Fortieth Year of George III.

thought just, by warrant under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, and at his or their discretion to award reasonable costs to the party, who, upon hearing such petition, shall appear to be aggrieved, which costs shall be paid by the party against whom the same shall be awarded, within a time to be appointed by such justice or justices of assize, and in default of such payment, the party against whom such costs are awarded shall be committed until the same are paid.

VI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Bonds sche the successor and successors of the present weigh-pnasters guccLsorTof*shall, before he or they shall enter on the execution of said present weigh* office, perfect a bond with sufficient security to the mayor master*.

of said city, of such penalty as the mayor shall think reasonable, not exceeding five hundred pounds, nor less than twenty pounds, for his or their true ana faithful performance and execution of his or their office, and that they or the deputy or deputies to be by them employed, shall take before the said mayor the oath following.

I A.B. do swear, that I will diligently and faithfvUy execute the office of public weigh-master of the city of Weigh-mmer Coik, or deputy weigh-master (as the case shall be); dur- or deputy'a bath. ing the time I shall continue in the said office, will take care truly without fraud or delay, to weigh all butter, and to weigh and brand all casks, and to weigh all hides and calfskins in such order as the said goods shall be brought to me to be weighed or branded, and in all other respects I will truly execute my said charge.

Which oath the said mayor is hereby empowered to administer.

VII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Bond perfects*, the bond which they the said Thomas Knox, Thomas Burgh, and oath taken, and Mountiford Longfield, have already perfected for the

due execution of their office, and the oath which they have be obligatry already taken on entering on the office of weigh- masters of on them, said city, pursuant to the last recited act, shall be deemed, and are hereby declared to be sufficient to oblige them to the observance of all the provisions of this present act.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the weigh-master or weigh-masters of said city ^ei^h-mLter of Cork for the time being, or his or their deputy or depu- for non-attend* tifes, shall neglect or refuse to attend on the days, and dur- ance. ing the respective times hereby appointed, said weigh-master or weign-masters, or his or their deputy or deputies, shall for each offence of himself or themselves, forfeit the sum of five pounds, to be recovered by such person or persona

MS

The Fortieth Year of George III.

son* who shall sue for the same by civil bill in the county y aid city.

In whit esse a IX- And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That raster bmi* be ^y01* Cork, ln the absence of the weigh-

removedby the master or weigh-masters of the said city for the time being, mayor of Cork* for the said city, shall and may upon full proof of the misbehaviour of such deputy or deputies then appointed, or who shall hereafter be appointed by the weigh-master, or weigh-masters for the time being of said city, either upon due proof; or full hearing of him or them, or upon his or their being duly summoned, and neglecting to appear before the said mayor, have power to remove such deputy or deputies from his or their office or offices, and to nominate and appoint another, or others to act in his or their stead during the absence of such weigh-master or weigh -masters as aforesaid, from the said city.

How casks shall X. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no whkhbutter or P"00 or person* shall sell or expose to sale any cask or rendered hog's casks within said city or liberties for packing of butter, lard shall be nor any rendered hog's lard for sale, or shall make up or exposed for sale. my butter or rendered hog's lard in any cask or casks to be exposed to sale in said city or liberties, unless such cask or casks be made of good seasoned oak, ash, sycamore, or beech, whereof no part to be bog timber, and shall be made tight, so that they shall hold pickle, with head and bottom equally dooled and set to the cross, with twelve good sufficient noops on each cask, all well twigged with good fresh ozier twiggs, and that every person so selling or exposing to sale any cask or casks for packing of butter or rendered hog's lard within said city and liberties, made otherwise than as herein directed, or not being of the weight herein after required, or not having the staves, head, and bottom thereof of the thickness herein after required, being thereof convicted before the mayor of said city, on a summary hearing by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, (which oath or oaths the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to administer; ) or upon the confession of such offender before the said mayor, shall, for every such cask, forfeit the sum of five shillings, to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal of the said mayor, (which warrant the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to issue; ) and in case such offender shall not have sufficient goods and chattels to satisfy such penalty, then such offender, by warrant under the hand and seal of said mayor, (which warrant he is hereby empowered and required to issue) shall be committed to the gaol of said city, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for a space of time not exceeding one month, nor less than ne week, at the discretion of said mayor; and every person

397

The Fortieth Year of George III.

ton making up or packing any butter or rendered hog's lard, to be exposed to sale within said city or liberties, in any cask or casks made otherwise than as herein directed, or not being of the weight herein after required, or not having the staves* head and bottom thereof of the thickness herein after required, being thereof convicted by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses before the said mayor (which oath the mayor is hereby empowered and required to administer, ) or upon confession of such offender before the said mayor, shall forfeit the sum of ten shillings for every hundred and twelve pounds weight of butter or rendered hog's lard, and so in proportion for every less quantity which shall be in such cask or casks, to be recovered by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal of the said mayor (which warrant said mayor is hereby empowered and required to issue) and in case such offender shall not have goods and chattels sufficient to satisfy such penalty, then such offender shall, by warrant under the hand and seal of said mayor, (which warrant he is hereby empowered and required to issue) be committed to the gaol or said city, there to remain without ball or mainprize for a space of time not exceeding one month, nor Jess than one week, at the discretion of the said mayor; and that the weigh-master or weigh-masters of said Butter not to be city, for the time being, his or their deputy or deputies, weighed or shall not weigh or brand such butter until the same shall be branded, except made up in casks made according to the directions of this hereby*directed! act, ana no person shall buy or sell, or expose to sale, No reon nKa1l any empty cask or casks for packing of butted or rendered buy or sell hog's lard within said city or liberties, before such cask or empty butter casks shall be weighed and branded by the said weigh- ^ei°heds2d master or weigh-masters, his or their deputy or deputies, branded which said weigh-master or weigh-masters, his or their deputy or deputies, shall be, and is, and are hereby empowered and required to weigh all Such empty casks, and to allow, on account of soakage, two pounds more on Allowance? to each cask, which shall contain fifty-six pounds weight of* on. neat butter or rendered hog's lard, and four pounds for weig Sca* every cask which t*contain one hundred and twelve pounds of neat butter or rendered hog's lard, and so in proportion for every greater of less size, the weight of which empty cask, with the allowance of soakage aforesaid, the said weigh-master or weigh-masters, his or their deputy or deputies, is, and are hereby required to brand on the side and bottom of every such empty cask or casks, in figures, and not in letters; and in case any person shall Penalty for buy-buy, sell, or expose to sale within said city or liberties, ing or selling any empty cask or casks, not weighed and branded as aforesaid, every such person being thereof convicted before the said mayor, by the oath or oaths of one or more

credible

4 "

The Fortieth Year of George III.

credible witness or witnesses (which oath or oaths the said'mayor is hereby empowered and required to administer, ) or upon the confession of such offender, shall forfeit the sum or ten shillings for every cask so bought, sold, or exposed to sale as aforesaid, to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal of said mayor, (which warrant the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to issue, ) and in case such offender shall not have goods and chattels sufficient to satisfy such penalty, then such offender shall, by warrant under the hand and seal of said mayor, (which warrant the said mayor is hereby empowered ana required to issue) be committed to the gaol of said city, there to remain without bail or main-prize for a space of time not exceeding one month, nor Jess than one week, at the discretion of the said mayor; and whenever any cask or casks of butter shall be brought to any of the said weigh-masters of said city, for the purpose of being weighed, which shall not have die tare branaed and marked upon the side and bottom of such cask or casks as weighed, which aforesaid, by the said weigh-master or weigh-masters, his or are not branded their deputy or deputies, that then it shall be lawful for ^dgl^ct^shall the said weigh-master or weigh-masters, his or their ppeo._^epU|.y or depUtjeg> and he and they is and are hereby required to cause such cask or casks to be stripped, and shall weigh and brand the same in like manner as it such cask or casks had been brought empty to such weigh-house, but they Weigh-masters shall not give any allowance for soakage on any such cask; niay and it shall be lawful for said weigh-master or weigh-masters,

tional brands. ^is or their deputy or deputies, to use any other brand or mark in addition to the above, which the said weigh-master or weigh-masters shall think least liable to be counterfeited, and all empty cask or casks, or cask or casks full of butter, which shall be brought to any of the weigh-houses of said city to be weighed and branded, shall have the name of the cooper who made such cask or casks, and of his residence, branded in a legible manner on some conspi-C<K>per* names cuous part of it or them i and in case any empty cask or and residence on casks, or cask or casks full of butter, shall be brought tp CaSher«n^altieS any^sa^ weigh-houses to be^ighed and branded* erem' as aforesaid, not having the name of Ihe cooper and of his residence branded on it or them, in manner aforesaid, the said weigh-master or weigh-masters, his or their deputy or deputies, is, and are hereby required and empowered to seize and carry such empty cask or casks, or such cask or casks full of butter before the said mayor, who' is hereby empowered and required to enquire into the same; and if such cask or casks shall, upon examination, inspection, or due proof, appear not to oe branded with the pame of said cooper and of his residence as aforesaid, he shall adjudge such empty cask or casks to be forfeited, and the person

Tie Fortieth Year of George III. $99

person to whom such cask or casks full of butter shall belong shall forfeit the sum of ten shillings for every hundred weight of butter which such cask or casks shall contain, and the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to detain such cask or casks full of butter, until such penalty shall be satisfied; and if such penalty shall not be satisfied within fourteen days, the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to cause such cask or casks of butter to be sold by public auction, and shall, out of the money for which the same shall be sold, deduct such penalty, and the reasonable expences of such auction, such penalty to be disposed of as the other penalties to be levied under this act are hereby ordered, and shall pay the overplus to the owner of such cask or casks of butter: and in xase the said weigh-master or weigh-masters, his or their deputy or deputies, shall weigh and brand any cask Penalties on or casks not made as herein, or not being of the weight ^branding* herein after directed, or not having the staves, bottom, casks not mads and head thereof of the thickness herein after required, ^jrec^ci> ^r. or not branded with the name of the cooper and his resi-dence, as herein required, or shall mark or brand any cask falsely as containing more or less than the true weight, such weigh-master or weigh-masters, his or their deputy or deputies, being thereof convicted before the mayor of the said city, on the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, (which oath or oaths the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to administer, ) shall, for every such cask not made or branded as herein is directed, or not being, of the weight herein after prescribed, or not having the staves, bottom, and head thereof of the' thickness herein after required, so weighed and branded by him or them, forfeit the sum of five shillings; and for every cask so marked or branded falsely, the sum of ten shillings, to be' levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such offender or offenders, by warrant under the hand and seal of said mayor, (whiclv-warrant the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to issue.)

XI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every cask and casks of butter which shall be brought into the said city or liberties thereof for sale, shall, before the same is sold or expose^ to sale in said city or liberties, be brought to some one of the weigh-houses, aforesaid, there to be tried, -weighed, and proved by said wxigh-master or weigh -masters of said city, for the time being, his or their deputy or deputies, who is, and are hereby required strictly All casks of to inspect the -same; and before he or they mark or brand butter for sale, the same, to see that such butter be merchantable, and in case any such butter shall not appear to be merchantable, proved by said weigh-master or weigh-masters, his or their deputy or weigh-mAiter. deputies, are hereby empowered and required to seize the same*,

400 The Fortieth Year of George III#

same, and to carry it, with the person who brought same for.be weighed, before the mayor of said city, who is hereby

empowered and required to enquire into the same, and if suen butter shall upon examination, inspection, or due proof,

' appear to him to be unmerchantable, he shall adjudge the same to be forfeited, and if said mayor shall be doubtful of the quality of such butter, or if either party require the same, the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to summon, examine, and hear upon oath, (which oath the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to administer) two able merchants of said city, in relation to the nature and quality of such butter, that he may be better able to determine concerning the same; and when such butter so»brought to be weighed pursuant to this act, shall appear to said weigh-master or weigh-masters, his or their deputy or deputies, to be merchantable, said weigh-master or weigh-masters, his or their deputy or deputies, shall and is, and Merchantable are hereby required to weigh the same, and to brand and weired and mark on the bottom and side of each cask the gross weight branded a* thereof, in figures, and not in numerical letters; and also herein. to brand on the side of each cask, the word (Cork) and to

hse any other brand or mark in addition to the above which the said weigh-master or weigh masters shall think least liable to be counterfeited; and in case the said weigh-master or vfeigh-masters, his or their deputy or deputies, shall make Casks not to be use of numerical letters in branding any empty cask or branded with casks, or cask or casks full of butter, such weigh-master numerical let- qj. weigh-masters, his or their deputy or deputies being thereof convicted by the oath or oaths of one or more cre-

dible witness or witnesses, before the said mayor, (which oath or oaths the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to administer) shall forfeit the sum of five shillings for every cask so branded, to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal of said mayor, which warrant the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to issue.

XII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or ersons whatsoever shall, in any cask pack up, pr mix old butter with new, or use bay salt instead of white in pack-Butterimpro- ing ft, or greater quantities of salt than what melts in work-half be brought ing up> and shall bring the same to any of the said.weigh-

before the may- houses, that it may and shall be lawful for the said weigh-or, who shall master or weigh-masters of said city for the time being, his herein dfrected.or their deputy or deputies, and he and they is and are hereby empowered and required to seize and carry such cask of butter, with the person who brought the same to be weighed, before the mayor of the said city, who is hereby empowered and required to enquire into the same, and if such cask' shall, upon examination, inspection, or due proof appear to him to contain old butter mixed with new, or that bay salt.

instead

The Fortieth Year of George III. 401

instead of white has bee* used in packing such butter, or that greater quantities of salt than what melts m it hath been used in packing it up, he shall adjudge such cask or casks, with the butter contained therein, to be forfeited; and if said mayor shall be doubtful concerning such butter, or if either party require it, the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to summon, examine, and hear upon oath, (which oath the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to administer) two able merchants of said city, in relation to the nature and quality of such butter, that he may be the better able to determine concerning the same.

XIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Fee* to be pa{* whereas the weighing, examining, and branding such empty to w«igU-«>a*-cask and casks of butter are attended with great expence Ur* and trouble, the weigh-master or weigh-masters of said city, for the time being, shall have and /receive from the person bringing the same to be weighed and branded, the sum df one penny, and no more, for every such empty cask so weighed and branded, and for weighing and branding the tare on every cask which shall be shipped pursuant to this act one penny; and for the weighing and branding every tfask of nutter, not weighing more than one hundred weight, gross, one penny; and for the weighing and branding of every cask of butter weighing more than one hundred weight, gross, and not more than one hundred and an half weight, gross, three halfpence; and for the weighing and branding of every cask of butter which shall weigh more than one hundred and an half weight, gross, two-pence; and for shipping every cask of butter pursuant to this act, one penny; and that the said weigh-master or weigh-masters, his or their deputy or deputies shall not brand any empty cask, which when full of butter, or rendered hog's lard, may weigh weight of one hundred weight, gross, or any cask, which shall emptyca§k* be shipped at any of the said weigh-houses pursuant to this act, that when full of butter may weigh one hundred weight, gross, that shall weigh less than twenty pounds, and so in proportion for every cask which when full of butter, or rendered hog's lard, may be of a greater or less, gross weight; and that upon refusal to pay t^e above fees for the aforesaid goods, by the persons bringing the same to be weighed, it shall and may be lawful for the said weigh-master or weigh-masters, his or their deputy or deputies, to detain such goods until satisfaction be made according to the truq intent and g°ds b* meaning of this act; and that every cask shall have the staves ne<*or A^ereof as nearly of an equal thickness as may be, and that*the head and bottom of such cask shall be of a due thickness stave*, heads, in proportion to the size of, such cask; and jf any cask andbottom*of of butter, which shall be brought to any of the ^eigh-houses of casks» said city of Cork, shall have the butter packed ip it above the batter not xo riddle of such cask, such cask of butter shell not be weighed be abototfi*

Voi* 2 C until riddle

tot

The Fortieth Year of George III.

proportionate weights of casks.

Butter for sale to be brought directly to weigh-houses, otherwise seized.

Weigh-masters may search for butter lodged without being brought to a weigh-house.

until the surface of such butter shall be reduced to a level with the lower edge of such riddle; and in case the tare marked on any cask of butter which shall be brought tcTany of the weigh-houses of the said city to be weighed, shall not be in the proportion aforesaid, to the gross weight of such cask, it shall be lawful for the said weigh-master or weigh-masters, his or their deputy or deputies, and he and they are hereby required to erase such tare from such cask, and to mark and brand thereon such tare as shall bear that proportion to the gross weight thereof which by this act is required.

XIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every cask packed with butter, which shall be brought into the said city, or the suburbs thereof for sale, shall be carried directly to some one of said weigh-houses* which are hereby declared to be public markets for the buying and selling of butter in casks within said city, and there he tried, weighed, and branded before the same shall be lodged in any house, out house, cellar; yard, backside, or other place within said city or suburbs, and if any cask packed with butter, shall be found lodged in any house, out-house, cellar, yard, backside, or other place within said city or suburbs, before the same has been carried to some one of said weigh-houses, and there tried, weighed, and branded, every such cask of butter shall and may be seized by the said weigh-master or weigh -masters of said city for the time being, his or their deputy or deputies, and carried before the mayor of said city, who shall enquire into the same; and if it shall appear upon examination or proof, that such cask of butter was found lodged as aforesaid, before the same had been carried to some one of said weigh -houses, and there tried, weighed, and branded, it shall be adjudged forfeited.

XV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said weigh-master or weigh-masters for the time being, of said city, his or their deputy or deputies, being thereunto authorized by a warrant under the hand and seal of the mayor, or a justice of the peace of said city, who are hereby empowered and required to grant such warrant upon due information upon oath, (which oath they are hereby empowered and required to administer shall have power and authority, and is and are hereby empowered ana authorized at any time of the day to go and enter into all such houses, 'outhouses, cellars, yards, backsides, or other places within said city or the suburbs thereof, where they or either of them shall have just cause to suspect any cask packed with butter to be lodged, befor£ the same hath been carried to one of said weigh-houses, and there tried, weighed, and branded, pursuant to this act, and to search for such cask, and the same to secure and put into one of the said weigh-houses,

there

GoO£

The Fortieth Year o/* George III.

403

'there to remain until it shall be disposed of according to the true intent and meaning of this act.

XVI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Penalty on Per* if any cask or casks of butter shall be tried or bored at ^sel?*

any other place, save only at one of the said weigh-houses, casks of butter or bought, sold, or exposed to sale within said city, or the not branded aa liberties thereof, before the same shall have been duly tried, <iirecte<1* weighed, and branded, at one of the weigh-houses of said'city, pursuant to the directions of this act both the buyer and seller of such cask, or the person or persons so trying or boring such cask or casks of butter, and the person or persons so buying, selling, or exposing to sale such cask or casks of butter, before the same shall have been duly tried, weighed, and branded as aforesaid, being thereof convicted before the mayor of said city, by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, (which oath or oaths the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to administer) or on the confession of the party or parties before the said mayor, shall- each of them forfeit for each cask of butter so tried, bored, bought, sold, or exposed to sale, the sum of twenty shillings, to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, 'arrant under the

mayor is hereby empowered and required to issue), and in case such offender or offenders shall not have goods and chattels sufficient to answer the said penalty or penalties, such offender or offenders shall be committed to the gaol of said city, by warrant under the hand and seal of said mayor,

( which warrant he is hereby empowered and required to issue) there to remain without bail or mainprize for a space of time not exceeding two months, or for less than one week, at the discretion of said mayor; and if any person or persons who penalty for not shall bore any cask or casks of butter within said city, or the returning but-liberties thereof, shall not return the butter taken out by f^m^henceit such boring inta its proper cavity in such cask or casks, such'was boared, person or persons being thereof convicted before the said mayor, by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, (which oath or oaths the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to adminiser) shall forfeit for every such cask the sum of ten shillings, to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal of said mayor, (which warrant he is hereby empowered and required to issue); and in case such offender or offenders shall not have goods and chattels sufficient to answer such penalty, then such offender or offenders shall be committed by warrant, under the hand and seal of said mayor, (which warrant he is hereby empowered and required to issue), to the gaol of said city, there to remain # without bail or mainprize for a space of time not exceeding one month, nor less than one week, at the discretion of laid mayor.

hand and seal of the said mayor,

warrant the said

2C2

The Fortieth Year of George HJ.

Penalty for^bay-

XVII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That butter otherwise every"f>erson or persons who shall either buy or sell

riwn as herein any cask or casks of butter, at any greater or less tare, or directed. shall take or give any greater or (ess allowance than the tare and allowance for soakage branded on such cask or casks of butter, or who shall buy any cask or casks of butter by hand, a*d not by weight, such person or persons so buyingjor selling at a greater or less tare or allowance than as afore«iid, notwithstanding any contract between them and such person so buying by hand, and not by weight, on being convicted thereof before the mayor of said city, by the oath or oaths of one or more credible \vitness or witnesses, (which oath the saidmayor is hereby empowered and required to administer), or on the confession of the party or parties before the said mayor, shall each of them forfeit, the sum of ten shillings, to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such offender or offenders by warrant under the hand and seal of said mayor, (which warrant the saidmayor is hereby empowered and required to issue); and in case such offender or offenders shall not have goods and chattels sufficient to answer the said penalty or penalties, such offender or offenders shall by warrant under the hand and seal of the said mayor, (which warrant the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to issue), be committed to the gaol of said city, there to remain without bail or mainprize for a space of time not exceeding one month, nor less than one week, at the discretion of the said mayor.

Butter bought

XVIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, arw per- ^lat sa*^ weigh master or weigh-masters of said city son'in their em-for the time being, his or their deputy or deputies, or any ployment, shall cooper or other person employed in any of the said weigh-the^vlieCUiere- h°uses said city, or any person in trust for him, them; or ii any of them, shall not buy, sell, contract, or treat for any

cask or casks of butter, and in case the said weigh-master or weigh-masters, his or their deputy or deputies, such cooper or other person so employed in any of the said weigh-houses, or any person in trust for him, them, or any of them, sljall buy, sell, contract, or treat for any cask or casks of butter, the said weigh-master or weigh-masters, his or their deputy or deputies, such cooper or other person so employed in any of the said wc-gh-houses, being thereof convicted before the mayor of said city, on the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, (which oath oaths the mayor is hereby empowered and requited to administer), shall forfeit the butter so bought or sold by him, them, or any of them, or by any person in trust for him, them, or any of them, or the value thereof, to be recovered in like manner as the penalty for buying Butter by hand, and not by weight, ir o publican hereby directed; apd that no person who keeps a public t or cooper shall.house

445

The Fortieth Year of George III.

house nor any cooper during the time such cooper shall bea weigh-n^as-exercise and follow the trade or mystery of a cooper, or shallter or dePutV. employ any apprentice, or other person in making casks for packing up butter, or rendered hog's lard, for his use, or in trust for him, shall be capable of being a weigh-master or deputy weigh-master of said city, for weighing of butter, tallow, hides, or calf-skins, within the meaning of this act, any thing in this act, or any former law to the contrary notwithstanding; provided always, that nothing herein contained shall preclude such weigh master or weigh-masters, weigh-master his or their deputy or deputies, or such cooper or other per- or son, from purchasing and having in his possession, one cask of butter, of butter at a time, for the use of his or their family or families, and no more.

XIX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid* Casks of butter

That if any person shall attempt to load or put on board fa^ex-

any ship, boat, or vessel in the river of the city, of Cork, porPurion % ith-in order to be exported, any cask or casks of butter, or ren- out being brandT dered hog's lard, not marked and branded as by this act is car-

required, it shall be lawful for the land-waiter or land- before the" waiters of said city, or any other revenue officer entrusted mayor,

with the putting on board any ship, boat, or vessel in said river as aforesaid, any cask or casks of butter, or rendered hog's lard for exportation, and they are hereby required to seize any cask or casks of butter, or rendered hog's lard not marked and branded as aforesaid, and to carry the same before the mayor of said city, who is hereby empowered and require^ to enquire into the same; and if such cask or casks penalty rtnre-

of butter, or rendered hog's Idrd, shall, upon examination venue officers <.i 5 /V 1 i ii i for suffering un-

or inspection, or due proof, appear not to be marked and branded casks % o

branded pursuant to this act, he shall adjudge such cask or be shipped, casks of butter, or rendered hog's lard, to be forfeited, and if any such land-waiter or other revenue officer so entrusted as aforesaid, shall permit or suftef any cask or casks of butter, or rendered hog's lard, to be loaded or put on board any ship, boat, or vessel in said river, in order to be exported, unless such cask or casks of butter, or rendered hog's lard, have been marked and branded pursuant to this act, that then and in every such case, every such land-waiter or other revenue officer offending therein, shall for? feit the sum of five pounds for every such cask of butter or rendered hog*s lard that shall be loaded and put on board any such ship, boat, or vessel in said river for exportation, not marked and branded pursuant to this act, the same to be recovered by ciyil bill before the justice or justices of'assize for said city, in the same manner as civil bill§ in other cases shall be used and practised.

XX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Penalty for every person who shall counterfeit or alter the brand or

mark of the said weigh-master or weigh-masters of the said weigh^fswrt

city brand-

The Fortieth Year of George III.

city of Cork, for the time being, or who shall make any brand, mark, or figure or instrument, for the purpose of counterfeiting or altering the brand, mark, or figure of the said weigh-master or weigh-masters, or any person in whose custody any such counterfeit brand, mark, or figure or instrument shall be found, being thereof indicted and lawfully convicted at the quarter sessions of the said city of Cork, or any adjournment of the same, or at the next general assizes and gaol delivery, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, and be committed to the gaol of said city, until he, she, or they, pay the said penalty of twenty pounds, and if he, she, or they ao not pay the said penalty to the clerk of the peace for said city, or his deputy, within forty-eight hours after such conviction, then such offender or offenaers shall suffer six calendar months imprisonment, to be calculated from the day of such conviction, and shall in the course of that time stand for the space of one hour in and upon the pillory, between the hour of twelve at noon and two in the afternoon of some market day, to be appointed by the said court of quarter sessions, or any adjournment of the same, in the street opposite to the gate of some one of theweigh-houses of said city. Weigh-master*

XXL. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That and deputies ft shaft and may be lawful for the said weigh -master or weigh-coimterfeit °F niters of said city, for the time being, his or their deputy or brands, and for deputies, and he and they, and every of them is, and are bUttkLi^hereby empowered and authorized, at any time of the day, mar e ere- tQ gQ enter into aft or any such houses, out-houses, cellars, yards, back-sides, or other places, as he or they shall have just cause to suspect, there to search for such false or counterfeit brand, mark, or figure or instrument as aforesaid, and for all butter or rendered hog's lard, casks charged or sus-penalty on per- pected to be branded or marked therewith, and every person son* with whom m whose custody any such butter or rendered hog's lard, sue are oun cas]^ charged or supepted to be branded or marked with any such false or counterfeit brand, mark, or figure, or instrument shall be found, shall, in case the said weigh-master or weigh-masters, his or their deputy or deputies, or any one of them, make oath before the mayor of said city, that he or they verily believe that the same was not branded or marked by him, them, or any of them, or by his or their orders, or by the orders of either of them, with his or their brand, mark or figure, (which oath the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to administer) shall forfeit for every such cask, the sum of ten shillings, to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such offender, by warrant under the nand and seal of said mayor, (which warrant the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to issue) unless the person in whose custody such cask shall be found, shall prove by the oaths of two or more credible witnesses before the said mayor (which oaths the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to administer) that the same was regular

407

The Fortieth Year of George III.

gukurly branded or marked according to law, and in case such offender shall not have goods and chattels sufficient to answer such penalty, such offender shall, by warrant under the hand and seal of the said mayor (which warrant the said mayor it hereby empowered and required to issue, ) be committed to the ^aol of saic^city, there to remain without bail or mainprize for a space of time not exceeding one month, nor less than one week, at the discretion of the said mayor.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Penalty for hav, said, That if any person or persons shall make or have in his, her, or their possession, any brand, mark, or instrument, for opar? names the purpose of branding or marking on 'any cask or casks, c* places of ready name purporting to be the name of the cooper who made si<*ence#

such cask or casks, or to be the name of the place of abode of such cooper, other than the name of the cooper who actually made the same, or the name of the actual place of abode of such cooper, every such person being thereof convicted before the mayor of said city, by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses (which oath or oaths the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to administer) shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of five pounds, to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal of the said mayor (which warrant the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to issue); and in case such offender shall not have goods and chattels sufficient to answer such penalty, then such offender shall be committed to the gaol of said city, by warrant under the hand and seal of the said mayor (which warrant the said mayor is hereby empowered ana required to issue), there to remain without bail or maim prize for a space of time not exceeding six months, nor less than one month, at the discretion of the said mayor; and if penalty on per-any person shall brand or mark any cask or casks with any brand or mark, purporting to be the name of the cooper who made such cask or casks, or the name of the place of abode' of such cooper, other than the name of the cooper who actually made the same, or the name of his actual place of abode, such person or persons being thereof convicted before the mayor of said city, on the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses (which oath or oaths the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to administer) shall forfeit for every such cask the sum of ten shillings, to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal of the said mayor (which warrant the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to issue); and in case such offenders shall not have goods and chattels sufficient to answer such penalty, then the said offender shall be committed to the gaol of the said- city, there to remain without bail or mainprize for a space of time not exceeding two months, nor left* than one week, at the discretion of the said mayor,

The Fortieth Year of George til.

Casks not made

XXIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That mazet^mjbe*le weigh-master or weigh masters of the said city, for the brought before time being, his or their deputy or deputies, shall think that , nay°f> who any cask or casks which shall be brought to any of the said herlliSrOCeCd* houses to be weighed or branded, is or are not made

conformable to this act, or are not of the weight herein required, or have not the staves, head, and bottom thereof, of the thickness herein required, that then it shall and may be lawful for said weigh-master or weigh- masters, his or their deputy or deputies, to seize such cask or casks, and carry the same before the mayor of said city, who is hereby empowered and required to enquire concerning the same, and if such cask or casks shall, upon examination, inspection, or due proof before him, appear to be made contrary to law, or not to be of the weight hereby required, or not to have the staves, head, and bolt m thereof, of the thickness herein required, he shall order such cask or casks to be sawed in two across, and if said mayor shall be doubtful of the quality of such cask or casks, or if any of the parties concerned shall require the same, the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to summon, examine, and hear upon oath, (which oath the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to administer) two able master coopers of said city, in relation to the nature and quality of the same, that he may be the better able to determine concerning the same.

P'2PrP'd&CS'

XXV. And whereas great abuses are committed by the weightMo be wdfiil dirtying, rimming, flawtering, cutting, and gashing of provided by hides and calfskins; be it enacted by the authority afpre-weigh-mastor«, said, that the said weigh master or weigh masters of the city sebing hides ^nd for the time b rng, shall provide some clean public

calf ?kins, where place or places, properly paved and sufficiently roomy, within weigh-masters said city, or the suburbs thereof, with scales, and proper S*weights and linneys, and that every hide and calf skin which shall be bought or sold within said city, and the liberties thereof, shall be weighed at such public place or places, and no where else within said city, or the liberties there-of» and that the said weigh-master or weigh master^, his cr their deputy or deputies, shall attend at sudh place or places so appointed, every day in the week, (Sundays, Christmas-day, Saint Stephen's day, and New-year's-day excepted) from eight of the clock in the morning to one in the afternoon, and from two to four in the evening from the twenty-fifth day of December until the twenty-ninth day of September, and from thence to the first day of December from eight o'clock in the morning until one in the evening, raid from two in the evening until five, and from the said first day of December until the twenty-fifth day of December, from eight of the clock in the morning until one in the even-

ing, and from two in the evening until four, and then and there weigh such hide or hides, calf skin or calf skins, as shall be brought thither, and that every hide and calf skin shall be

weighed

40§

The Fortieth Year of George III.

weighed at some one of said places so provided, before the same shall be delivered to the buyer or buyers of the same within the said city, or the liberties thereof.

XXVI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Allowance in the said weigh-master or weigh-masters of the city of Cork,

for the time being, his or their deputy or deputies, shall, in

weighing such hide or hides, give an allowance to the buyer

of four pounds on every green hide, and three pounds on

every dried hide; and four ounces on all calf-skins, or parcels

of calf-skins, both green and dried, which shall weigh seven

pounds, or under; eight ounces on all calf skins, or parcels of

calf-skins, both green and dried, which shall weigh more than

seven pounds, and not more than fourteen pounds; twelve

ounces on all parcels of calf-skins, both green and dried,

which shall weigh more than fourteen pounds, and not more than twenty-one pounds; one pound on all parcels of calf

skins, both green and dried, which shall weigh more than

twenty-orie pounds, and not more tjian twenty-eight pounds,

and so in proportion for every greater weight for tare, and

shall give such further allowance on every hide and every

ealf d: in for dirt, skulls, lips, rumps, flesh, sinews, feet, dust.

and other filth, as to him or them shall seem reasonable; and disputes to be

in case any dispute shall happen to arise on such allowance, or determined by

in case the said weigh-master or weigh-masters, his of* their 1110 mayor.

deputy or deputies shall refuse to give any allowance where the buyer shall think the same really due, such dispute or

differences shall be determined by the mayor of said city,

Which determination shall be final to each party, as well buyers as sellers; and it shall be lawful for said weigh-master or roTy ca^hidt*; weigh-masters, his or their deputy or deputies, if there-&c.tobe cleans-unto required by the buyer or seller of any green hide eti> required, or hides, calf skin or ctdf skins, to be spooled, washed, cleansed, and sufficiently drained, and in case it appears upon uch examination, that the party objecting to the allowance.cffered to be made by the said weigh-master or weigh masters, his or their deputy or deputies, for the dirt, skulls, rumps, lips, flesh, sinews, feet, and other iihh therein contained, had not a just cause for such objection, that then the party so fec8 for clowislrj objecting, shall pay to the said weigh-master or weigh-masters, hides, &e. his or their deputy or deputies, three pence for every, such hide, and three halfpence for every such calf skin so washed and cleansed, as a recompence for his or their trouble; but if it shall appear that such objection was well founded, then such recompence shall be paid by the party 4n whose favour such allowance (if not objected to) would, have been.

XXVII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Buyers and sel-the said weigh-master or weigh-masters of the city of Cork, lers names to be for the time being, his or their deputy or deputies shall, at

the time of weighing such hide or hides, calf skin or calf and Swd^ht of*

skins, hides.

41#

The Fortieth Year of George 1IL

kn to

eater into a book to be kept for that purpose, the names of both the buyer and seller, as well as toe weight of such hade or hides calf skin or calf skins and the allowance on the same, and shall distinguish each kind by the initial letter thereof in their books and shall give a copy of such entry to the seller of such hide or hides calf skin or calf skins and, _that soch books shall be open for the inspection of all buyers w* Mid sellers their agents or clerks at all reasonable times and that the said weigh-master or masters his or their deputy or hall not weigh any hides or calf skins exceeding ten ia number, the property of any one person, unless the buyer and seller, or some person or persons appointed by each of them shall be present.

XXVIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said weigh-master or weigh-masters of the city of Cork, far the time being, shall hare and receive from the party bringing the same to be weighed, for every hide so weighed one penny, and for every cact skin so weighed one farthing, and no more, and that upon refusal to pay such sum of one penny for each hide, or the sum of one farthing for each calf skin, by the party bringing the same to be weighed, it shall and mar be lawful for the said weigh-master or weigh-masters, his or their deputy or deputies, to detain such hide or calf skin, until satisfaction be made according to this act.

XXIX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall buy or sell, within the city of Cork, or the liberties thereof, any hide or hides, calf skin or calf skins, by hand, and not by weight, or at a greater or less tare or allowance than that entered in the weigh master's book aforesaid, such person or persons so baying or selling, being thereof convicted before the mayor of stud city, by the oath or oaths of ooe or more credible witness or witnesses, which oath or oaths the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to administer, shall forfeit for every such offence the rum of ten shillings for every hide, and five shillings for every calf skin so bought or sold, to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the band and sea) of the said mayor, (which warrant the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to issue), and in case such offender or offenders shall not have sufficient goods and chattels to answer such penalty or penalties, such offender or offenders shall, by warrant under the hand and seal of the said mayor, which warrant he is hereby empowered and required to issue, be committed to the gaol of said city, there to remain without bail or mainprize for a space of time not exceeding two months, nor less than seven days, at the discretion of the said mayor.

XXX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid,

£rsndorcL the said weigh-master or weigh-masters of the city of

Cork,

Penalty for bvy

a?:

skins by

Weigh masters

411

The Fortieth Y$ttr of George III.

Cork, for the time being, his or their deputy or deputies, or ^fh^an^t any or either of them, being thereunto authorized by warrant ^ighed^ami under the hand and seal of the mayor, or a justice of the entered as peace of the said city, who are hereby empowered and re- directed, quired to grant such warrant, upon due information upon oath, shall have power and authority, and is and are hereby empowered and authorized, at anyime of the day, to go and enter into all such houses, out-houses, cellars, yards, tan-yards, back-sides, or other places within said city or the liberties thereof, where they, or either of them, shall have cause to suspect any hide or hides, calf skin or calf skins, which was or were weighed at any other place than one of the said public places, or which had been delivered to the buyer thereof before the same had been weighed and entered, pursuant to this act, and to search for the same and the party in whose house, out-house, cellar, yard, tan yard, back*side, or other place, such hide or hides, calf skin or calf skins shall be found, being thereof convicted before said mayor or justice by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, which oath or oaths the said mayor or justice is hereby empowered and required to administer, unless he proves before the said mayor or justice, by the oaths of two credible witnesses, which oaths the said mayor or justice is hereby empowered and required to administer, that the same was or were not weighed at any other place than at one of said public places within the said city or liberties, and was or were duly weighed and entered pursuant to this act, before the' same had been delivered to the buyer, shall forfeit, for every such hide, the sum of ten shillings; and for every such calf skin, the sum of five shillings, to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal of the said mayor or justice* (which warrant the said mayor or justice is hereby empowered and required to issue); and in case such offender shall not have goods and chattels sufficient to answer such penalty, such offender, by warrant under the hand an4 seal of said mayor or justice, which warrant the said mayor or justice is hereby empowered and required to issue, shall be committed to the.gaol of said city, there to remain wtynout bail or main-prize for a space of time not exceeding two months, nor, less than seven days, at the discretion of the said mayor or justice. '

XXXI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. Hides or calf That if any hide or hides, calf slon or calf skins, shall be 8kins herein brought to be weighed by the said weigh-master or weigh- described may masters of the city of Cork, for the time being, his or their c^rie^before deputy or deputies, which shall be rimmed or flawtered, or the Mayor, who of which any part shall be left on any part of the carcase, shall proceed a* or which shall not be taken down fairly in the film between her*in directed, the skin and the flesh, with the round cut at the tail, or which shall

412

The Fortieth Year of George III.

shall have any cut of gash therein setred up, or which shall not have the shanks and other offal part taken of whole, it may and shall be lawful for the said weigh-master or weigh-inasters, his or their deputy or deputies, or for any other person, if the said weigh-master or weigh-masters, his or their deputy or deputies, shall neglect or refuse so to do, to seize the same, and to carry the same before the mayor of said city* who is hereby empowered and required to enquire into the same; and it such hide or hides, calf skin or skins shall upon examination, inspection, or due proof, appear to him to be rimmed or flawtered, or to have any part thereof left on any part of the carcase, or not to be taken down fairly between the skin and the flesh, with the round cut at the tail, or to have any Cut or gash therein feewed up, or not to have the shanks and other offal parts taken off whole, he shall adjudge such hide or hides, calf skin or calf skins to be forfeited; and if the said mayor shall be doubtful of the quality of such hide or hides, calf skin or calf skins, or if either party require the same, the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to summon, examine, and hear upon oath two skilful persons, in relation to the nature and quality thereof, that he may b$ the better able to determine concerning the same.

XXXII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. Beef or veal That if any beef or veal which shall be exposed to sale, or so^htrcto^Sl ^ich shall he killed within the city of Cork, or the liberties forfeited! U thereof, shall have any part of the skin left sticking thereto, it shall be lawful for tTie market jury of said city, or any or them, and for the said weigh-master or weigh-masters of the city of Cork, for the time being, his or their deputy or deputies, or any of them, and lie and they are hereby required and empowered to seize the s$me, and carry it before the mayor of said city, who is hereby empowered to declare the same forfeited, for the use of the house of industry. Penalties for

XXXIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, with That if any hide or hides, calf skin or calf skins, shall be cuts in them, to brought to be weighed by the said weigh-master or weights weighed. masters, for the time being, of the city of Cork, his or their deputy or deputies, which shall have any gash or gashes cut or cuts therein, as well in the offal as in the prime parts thereof, it shall be lawful for the said weigh-master or weigh-masters, his or their, deputy or deputies, and he and they is and are hereby required and empowered to seize the same, and carry the same before the mayor of the said city, who is hereby empowered and required to enquire thereinto, and if such hide or hides, calf skin or calf skins shall, upon examination, inspection, or due proof, appeal'to him to have any gash or gashes, cut or cuts therein as aforesaid, the - party to whom the same shall belong shall forfeit, for every 5uch hide, a sum not exceeding fifteen shillings, nor les* than one shilling; and for every calf skin, a sum not ex-.'ceedin

i

The Fortieth Year of George III.

418

ceeding one shilling, nor less than three pence, at the discretion of the said mayor, to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by, warrant under the hand and seal of the said mayor, which warrant he is hereby empowered and required to issue; and if any hide shall not have its dewlap split, and equally divided down the middle dewlap to be lengthways, or shall have its dewlap in sticking cut across, divided, &c. or shall not have the neck and face skinned off whole, the seller shall allow, on every such hide, one shilling in the piice thereof to the buyer, for such abuse.

XXXIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, penalty, for That if any person shall cut, without the consent of the cutting the lip, owner of such hide, or steal from any hide which shall be t^wher\lt*X- carried to be weighed by the weigh-master or weigh masters, consent.

for the time being, of the city of Cork, his or their deputy or deputies, the lip, rump, or any other part of the flesh adhering to such hide, such person being thereof convicted before the mayor of said city, by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses (which oath or oaths the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to administer) shall, by warrant under the hand and seal of said mayor,

(which warrant he is hereby empowered and required to issue) be committed to the bridewell of said city, there to remain without bail or mainprize for a space of time not exceeding one week, nor less than forty-eight ho. vs, at the discretion of the said mayor; and it shall be lawful for the said mayor, if it shall appear to him proper, to ordfcr such offender to be once privately whipped during the time of such offender's confinement in bridewell.

XXXV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, Salted hides That the said weigh master or weigh-masters of the city of and calf skins, Cork, for the time being, his or their deputy or deputies, b^wef ^hed* shall weigh all salted hides and calf skins, and dried hides by weigh-mas-and calf skins, so often as the same shall be sold within the ters, whenever aid city and the liberties thereof, and in case any person or are sold» persons shall sell within said city or liberties any bide or

hides, calf skin or calf skins, salted and made up for sale, or* any dried hide or calf skin, the same shall be weighed by the jiaulweigh-master or weigh-masters, his or their deputy or deputies, to the person buying such hide or hides, calf skin br calf skins, whether the same had been-weighed before or not, which said weigh-master or weigh masters, his or their deputy or deputies, shall allow, on every such hide, and calf kin, such allowance as is before directed with respect to green hides and calf skins, and if required by the buyer, shall nave liberty to open such hide or hides, calf skin or calf skins, at the expence of such buyer, and shall, is, and are hereby required, on request of the buyer so 4to do; and in case tny dirt, wet flesh, skulls, lips or rumps, or more salt than

is

The Fortieth Year of George III.

allowances to be ig necessary to save the same shall be found in such hidf or made* hides, calf skin or calf skins, the said weigh-master or

weigh-masters, his or their deputy or deputies, shall make such allowance for such dirt, wet flesh, skulls, lips, rumps, or salt, as to him or them shall seem reasonable, which the seller shall be obliged to allow; and in case any dispute shall happen to arise on such allowance, the same shall be determined by the mayor of said city, which determination shall be final and conclusive to each party, as well they buyer as the seller, which weigh-master or weigh-masters shall have fees on weighing and receive, for weighing such hides, the sum of one penny

--- J for every hide so weighed, and the sum of one farthing for every calf skin so weighed, and until satisfaction thereof the 6aid weigh-master or weigh-masters, his or their deputy or deputies, may detain such hide or hides, calf skin or calf skins as aforesaid, and in case any person or persons shall sell or buy within said city or liberties, any hide or hides, calf skin or calf skins salted or dried, which shall not be

disputes to be

determined by the mayor.

hides and calf skins.

penalty for weighed as herein is provided, such person or persons being buying or selling thereof convicted before the said mayor by the oath or oaths, hides*oTcatf6* one or mor credible witness or witnesses, which oath or

skins.° oaths the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to

administer, shall forfeit, for every such hide, the sum of ten shillings, and for every such calf skin, the sum of five shillings, to be levied by distress and gale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal of said mayor, (which warrant he is hereby empowered and requir-distinction be- ed to issue; ) and that the skin of every bull, ox, and cow, ^kin*168^ftb°ve age of on year, shall be esteemed and taken to c 8 n8' be an hide within the meaning of this act, and the skin of any bull, ox and cow, under that age, shall be esteemed and taken to be a calf skin.

Penalty on XXXVI, And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid,

weigh-master* That the said weigh-master or weigh-masters of the city of buvlnPUtreS uT for ^me > his or their deputy' or deputies, or

hicJeTf&c. 86 any person or persons in trust for him, them, or any of them shall pot buy, sell, contract, or treat for any hide or hides, calf skin or calf skins, and in case the said weigh-master Or weigh-masters, his or their deputy or deputies, shall by himself, themselves, or by any person or persons in trust for him,

them, or either of them, buy, sell, contract, or treat for any

hide or hides, calf skin qr calf skins, said weigh-master or weigh-masters, his or their deputy or deputies, or either of them being thereof convicted before the mayor of said city by die oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, which oath or oaths the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to administer, shall for every mde or calf skin so bought, sold, contracted for, or treated about* forfeit the sura of five pounds, to be levied by di»trm and

salt

415

The Fortieth Year of George III.

side of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal of the said mayor, which warrant he is hereby required and empowered to issue.

XaXVII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, Salting, drying, That the original owner of every green hide or calf skin, ^"hides and" who shall intend to have the same salted, dried, tanned, or calf skins, curried within the said city, or the liberties thereof, and every person who shall bring any green hide or calf skin into the said city or liberties, with an intent to have the same salted, dried, tanned, or curried in said city or liberties, shall carry the same before the same shall be salted, dried, tanned, or curried as aforesaid, to one of the said public places, there to be weighed and entered in like manner as is provided by this act with respect to green hides and calf skins, which shall be sold within said city, or the liberties thereof, and shall be subject to all the penalties and forfeitures herein before provided with respect to the sellers of any green hide or hides, calf skin or calf skins, within the said city, or the liberties thereof, and every person who shall bring any salted or dried hide or calf skin into the said city or liberties, for the purpose of exporting the same, or having the same tanned or curried within the said city and liberties, shall carry the same before he shall attempt to export the same, or to tan or curry the same, to one of said public places, there to be weighed, as is before herein provided with respect to salted or dried hides and calf skins, which shall be sold within said city, or the liberties thereof, and shall be subject to all the penalties and forfeitures herein provided with respect to the sellers of salted or dried hides and calf skins within said city and liberties, and if such original owner of every green hide naJ n 0 or calf skin a£ aforesaid, or every such person bringing any eS'ofgreenWn" green hide or calf skin into said city or liberties as aforesaid, hides and skins, shall not carry the same to be weighed and entered as herein is provided, or every such person bringing any salted or dried weighed, or hide or calf skin into said city or liberties as aforesaid, shall salted or dried not carry the same to be weighed as herein is provided, hldes* every such offender being thereof convicted before the mayor of said city, by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, which oath or oaths the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to administer, shall forfeit for everyuch hide ten shillings, and for every such calf skin five shillings, to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal of said mayor, which warrant he is hereby empowered and required to issue.

XXXVIII. And whereas the small fee given by the last Fees to be paid recited act for weighing of tallow has been found by expe- on weighing and rience not to be a sufficient recompence for the charges the branding tallow, weigh-masters of the city of Cork are put to, and the labour

requisite

*u>

The Fortieth Year of George

tUlotr casks to be branded* &t

wi^h-masters

to attend at nercfiant's or cfea^dlet«stores

buying orsdlfng casks which do cot contain raofc.il.au 2 cwt

The mayor may fiae- merchants or others who doiiot attend when sum* Cloned*

requisite in the execution of their office; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the weigh-master or weighs masters for the time being of said city, shall have and receive From the person for whom the same shall be weighed and branded, for every cask of tallow which shall not weigh more than two hundred weight, gross, the sum of one penny, and no more; and for every other cask which shall weigh more, the sum of one halfpenny for every hundred weight, gross, which it shall weigh, and no more; and in case the person for whom such tallow shall be weighed, shall refuse to pay the fees aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said weigh-master or weigh-masters, his or their deputy or deputies, to detain such tallow so weighed, until payment thereof shall be made to him or them, according to the true intent of this act, and that every cask for packing of tallow within said city and liberties, which when full, shall not weigh more than two hundred weight, gross, shall be weighed and branded empty, in like manner, and the same allowance for soakage given thereon, and shall be subject to all the regulations as is herein before provided w^h respect to casks for packing butter or rendered hog's lard, and such cask shall be made of the like quality with casks for packing of butter, or rendered hog's lard, and that the said weigh-master or weigh-masters, his or their deputy or deputies, shall attend at the cellars or stores of any merchant or chandler within the said city or suburbs thereof, who shall have any tallow to weigh, and there shall weigh the same, such merchant or chandler giving the said weigh-master or weigh-masters, his or their deputy or deputies, twenty-four hours notice for that purpose, and the person or persons buying, selling, or exposing to sale, any cask, which shall not contain more than two hundred weight for the packing of tallow, shall be subject to all the regulations and penalties herein provided with respect to persons buying, selling, or exposing to sale, any Cask for the packing of but-ser or rendered hog's lard, such penalties to be recovered in manner before provided with respect to casks fjpr packing butter, and rendered hog's lard.

XXXIX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That whenever the said mayor shall think it necessary to summon any merchant or master-cooper, or any ether person, to examine him or them in relation to the quality -of any goods which shall he brought before him pursuant to this act, and such merchant or master-cooper, or other person, shall neglect or refuse to attend, or be examined upon such summons, without assigning forthwith some sufficient or special cause for his not attending, and being examined, every such person so neglecting or refusing sh ill forfeit the sum of ten shillings, to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattel*, by warrant under the hand, and seal of $ said.

The Fortieth Year of George III. I 417

lid mayor, (which warrant the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to issue) and that in all cases where the said mayor by this act is empowered to commit any offender 'to the gaol of said city, without bail or mainprize, when the goods and chattels of such offender shall not be sufficient to answer the penalty to which such offender on conviction shall be subject by this act, the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to detain such offender in custody until such penalty shall be satisfied; and if said offender shall not pay committal of such penalty, or if such penalty shall not be levied as herein offcllder*. is provided, within twenty-four hours after the conviction of such offender, that then the said* mayor shall commit such offender to the gaol of said city without bail or main-prize, pursuant to the several powers by this act granted to the said mayor.

XL. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Sale of butter, whenever the said mayor of said city shall declare any cask, bides, and 8kini, butter, hide, or calf skin, to be forfeited pursuant to the pow- forfeited' ers given him in this act, be shall within fourteen days cause the same to be sold by public auction to the highest bidder on the exchange of said city, between the hours of twelve and two, and that the money for which such cask, butter, hide, or calf skin, shall be sold, shall after defraying the reasonable expences of such sale by auction, be equally divided, one half thereof to go to the person or persons who shall application of have seized such cask, butter, hide, or calf-skin, and the money levied by other half to go to the governors of the work-house of said <li8tre, 8»*r city, to be by them applied to the support and maintenance of such foundling children as then are, or thereafter shall be 4

received into said work-house, or any other house by them used for the reception of such children, and that the penalty of twenty pounds to be paid by offenders convicted at the quarter-sessions of said city, or adjournment thereof, pursuant to this act, shall by the said clerk of the peace for said city, or his deputy, after deducting therefrom the sum of five shillings, as a tee to such clerk of the peace for receiving such penalty, be equally divided, one-half thereof to go to the person informing against and prosecuting to conviction such offender, at the said quarter-sessions, or any adjournment thereof, and the other naif to go to the governors of the said work-house, to be by them applied in manner aforesaid; and that every penalty to be levied by distress, for any offence under this act, shall be equally divided, one-half thereof to go to the party informing against, and prosecuting every such offence* and the other half to go to the governors of said work-^to Def|0Jl house, to be by them applied as aforesaid; and the person levying to whom the mayor shall direct his warrant for levying such dirtrew distress, and who shall actually levy such distress, snail for hia trouble have and receive the following fees, videlicet, two You XII. 2D ihilUpga

418

The Fortieth Year o/* George III.

hnUngty if the penalty do not exceed forty shillings; one hilling in the pound lor every penalty above forty shillings, and net exceeding five pounds; and sixpence in the pound for every penalty above five pounds; said fees to be levied on the goods and chattels of the person or personswho shall incur such penalties, in like manner, as the penalties themselves are by this act directed to be levied; and every penalty which shall be recovered by civil bill under this act, dull go to the party suing for the same.

Paaakletwkkfc

XLI. And be it enacted, That the deputy weigh-masters reui go to ib* Of city shall be, and are hereby directed and required to bc^«Sr«Sby rece*vc ^1 such penalties and forfeitures os by this act are to wrtfbmuttTs the governors of the workdiouse of said city, and shall ac? sod Accooooted count quarterly upon oath with the court of assistants of said S^cttc* work-house for the said penalties and forfeituren received by them respectively, deducting five pounds, and so in proportion, as recompence for his trouble.

Penalty or may*

XLII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thai i(Van) person who shall fill the office of mayor of the city* of Cork, shall, dating the time he shall be in such office, or

if any justice of peace for said city, shall neglect or refuse to execute any of the powers vested in the*mayor or a justice of peace of said city by this act, such person shall, for every such ode nee, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered by action, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts, wherein no essoign, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed, one-half of said penalty to go to the person saing for the same, and the other hair to go to the governors of the workhouse of said city, to be by them applied in manner as herein before mentioned and provided; provided that such-suit be commenced within six calendar months, from the time of such neglect or refusal.

tTo rqilrrla aLIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that whenever any empty cask or casks for packing of butter, rendered hog's lard or tallow, or any cask or casks of butter, or any hide or hides, calf skin, or calf skins, shall be seised or brought before the mayor of said city, or shall be adjudged and condemned by him, or whenever any distress is or shall be taken pursuant to this act, no replevin shall lie, but the judgment of the said mayor shall be final and conclusive; and that if any person or persons shall be sued, molested, or trou-pemm» wed for filed for putting in execution any of the powers contained in this act, or for doing any matter or thing pursuant thereto, may plead the Puc^ person or persons may plead the general issue, and give general U»ue» the special matter in evidence, and if the plaintiff or plaintiUs shall be non-suited, or judgment be giyen against him or them, by default, or upon demurrer, or a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, such defendant or defendants shall

hmi

The Fortieth Year of George III#

419

htVe hw sr their treble eo&is, to be recovered in such manner at where by law co*ts are given to defendants. /

XLIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That o much of this act as relates to the casks in which butter, So'nroch of thfii tallow, or rendered hog's lard, are to be packed, shall be in bmter^sk?, force from the passing of this act until the twenty ninth day shall be in fore* ttf September which shall be in the year one thousanduntil Sept. j eight hundred and twelve, and from thence to the end of the iext'seLian. ° then next&e&sioa of parliament, and no longer; and that so w muchof^much of the last recited act as relates to such casks, shall be recited act as in force within the city and liberties of Cork until tb^ said relates to such twenty-ninth day of September in said year one thousand in forcein* eight hundred and twelve, and no longer, any thing herein city and libertie# contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and that all of Cork, until other parts of this act shall be in force from the passing of othS pamol this act until the said twenty-ninth day of September, in this act shall the year one thousand eight hundred and twelve, and to continue until the end of the then next session of parliament, and nonext

longer. session,

XLy. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the fjis Majesty's power granted by the said last recited act to his Majesty, power to appoint his heirs and successors, to appoint one or more person or^continuedto persons to be weigh-master or weigh-ma^ters of said city, gametiriie; and shall be continued and extended to the end of the session of fees shall be parliament herein last mentioned, and no longer; and that ^c^eby^ tuch weigh-master or woigh-masters shall be entitled, during j*wed. the continuance of this act, to have and receive all such fee or fees as the weigh-master or weigh masters of the said city arc entitled to have and receive by this act, and subject to all the regulations herein contained.*

XLVI. And whereas much injuryr^ so iiie tra(le of the said city of Cork, from the^m^gu; fident and, proper regulations for the peering and government of the owners and masters^lighters, boats, and other vessels plying for hire o^.|ne river of Cork, and within the harbour of »aid city, ar^ of the lighter men, and other persons employed thereby, wherefore, and for the Other persons herein after Names and Summoned, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That jju^bers from and after the passing of this act, it shall not be lawful of owners, Cand for any lighter, boat, or other vessel, to be used or employed, persons employer to ply for hire on the river of Cork, or within the harh^ar ef therein, and of said city, for the purpose of loading or unloading any J^be entered* hip or vessel lying in the said river, or within the said har- with the mayor, hour, for the conveyance of dny goods, wares, or merchandizes, from one part of said river or harbour to another, before the name and number of the same, together with the name or jiames, and place or places of Residence of the owner and owners, and of the master of every such lighter, boat or Wild, and ako the name and place of abodfe of ev ery mail 2 D 2 who

*20 The Fortieth\Year of George III.

who shall be employed by them on board such lighter, boat or vessel, shall have been entered in a registry, to be kept for that purpose by the mayor of the said dty of Cork for the ^madl^and10 t*roe being; which entry shall be annually made, and before wtxrity giren» sufficient security shall have been entered into by the owner^1 or owners of such lighter, boat or vessel, by bond or obliga-

tien, payable to the said mayor, for the sum of two hundred pounds, with two sufficient securities in the sum of one hundred pounds each, (such securities to be residents of the city of Cork), for the due and faithful delivery of all goods, w ares and merchandizes which shall be at any time put on board, or entrusted to such lighter, boat or vessel, without wailful.damage or embezzlement of such goods, wards and merchandize, or any part thereof, by such owner or owners, or by the master, or any person belonging to, or employed in such Wr» to^ nWD* boat, or vessel; and before the name and number of

f tinted- such lighter, boat or vessel shall be painted in targe ejad legi-

ble characters on some conspicuous part of such lighter, boat or vessel; and if any lighter, boat or vessel shall be so used or employed, or shall ply for hire as before mentioned, before the entry in such registry shall have been made, and the security aforesaid shall have been entered into, and the name and number so painted, the owner or owners of such lighter, boat or vessel, snail for every such offence, beingj thereof convicted upon a summary hearing before the said mayor, on the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses; which oath or oaths the said mayor is hereby empowered to administer, or by confession of the party or parties forfeit the of ten pounds, to be levied by distress and sale of the offender V £Pods and chattels, by warrant under the hand arid seal of said mdvW* tfoMt to be well XL

VII. And be it (2Mtpted by the authority aforesaid, That iecur^ every lighter, boat, or vessel, which shall be so used or employed, or shall so ply for hire, shall be well fitted, and shall nave her hold well and sufficiently secured by proper bulk heads, to prevent any embezzlement or plunder of the goods, wares, and merchandizes which shall be stored and deposited therein; and if any lighter, boat, or vessel, shall be so used or employed, or shall so ply for hire, which shall not be fitted and secured as herein provided, the owner or owners of such lighter, boat, or vessel, shall, for every such offence, being thereof convicted on a summary hearing before the said mayor, on the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, (which oath or oaths the said mayor is hereby empowered to administer) or by the confession of the party or parties, shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds, to be levied by distress and 6ale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal of said mayor.

Penalty for act-

XLVIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid,

ing as master or That no person shall act as master or mariner on board any

mariner before SUC1

The Fortieth 'Year of George III. 42fl

such lighter, boat, or vessel on said river, or within the said PIac«

harbour, before his name and place of residence shall have registered^* been duly entered in the registry aforesaid; and every person who shall so act, without being so registered, or who shall give into the said mayor a false name or place of residence, shall, for every such offence, being thereof convicted on a summary hearing before the said mayor, on the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses (which oath or oaths the said mayor is hereby empowered to administer), or by the confession of the party or parties, forfeit a sum not less than forty shillings, nor more than five pounds, at the discretion of the said mayor, to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal of the said mayor; and in case such offender shall not have goods sufficient to satisfy such penalty, then it shall be lawful for said mayor, by warrant under his hand and seal, to commit such offender to the gaol or house of correction of sarid city, there to remain without ball or mainprize for a space of tifiie not less than one month, nor more than three months, at the discretion of said mayor.

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Penalty on own-said, That if the owner or owners, or master of any such er or master of a lighter, boat or vessel, shall refuse to hire out such lighter, refusing?oii&e boat, or vessel, to be used or employed as aforesaid, to any out such lighter, person applying for the same, unless such lighter, boat or ves- &« sel shall, at the time of such application, be actually and bona Jide engaged to some other person for the like purposes, the proof of which engagement shall rest upon and be made by such owners or masters respectively, every person so offending shall, for every such offence, being thereof convicted on a summary hearing before the said mayor, on the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, which oath or oaths the said mayor Is hereby empowered to administer, or by the confession of the party or parties, forfeit the sum of ten pounds, to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal of the said mayor; and in case the said owners or masters, or any other person having charge of such lighter, boat, or vessel, being so convicted, shall not have goods sufficient to answer such penalty, then it shall be lawful for the said mayor, by warrant under his hand and seal, to commit such offender to the gaol or house of correction aforesaid, there to remain without bail or mainprize for any time not exceeding three months.

L. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Rate fareg and it shall be lawful for the court of general quarter sessions of prfces^obe'pict the peace to be holden for said city, and county of said city, to owners and (the recorder of said city or his deputy being present, from masters, and to^time to time, at each and every, or any sessions to be so be related a* holden from and after the passing of this act, or at any herein;

' adjournment

42*

The Fortieth Year of Georg* TIL

prices may be raised or diminished, always regarding the prices of the Accessaries of life.

also wages of adjournment thereof, to ascertain, order, and regulate the

Stowers^ra* rates> fares and prices to be paid to the said owners awl*masters respectively, and to the lightermen and others employ*

ed in the said lighters, boats, and other vessels, as well fop the freight for hire thereof as for the wages of the said masters, lightermen, and other persons so employed therein, and in like manner at each and every, or any sessions, from-time to time to be so hoi den, or any adjournment thereof, to ascertain, order, and regulate the wages to be paid to every mason, carpenter, sJator, cooper, ami every artificer and labourer whatsoever, whether working by the day, or otherwise, for hire in the said city, and from time to time, either to raise or to dimmish all such rates, fares, prices, and wages, as to the said court m its discretion shall seem meet, &fway* having regard to the prices which the necessaries of life shall then bear, and that every such order, adjustment, and regu* lation, shall be in force until a new order, adjustment^ and regulation shall be made by such court of sessions, or at some adjournment thereof, any law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding,; and that the said owners and master* respectively of the lighters, boats, and vessels aforesaid, and the said lightermen, and all others employed therein, and also all and every the tradesmen, artificers, and labourer* herein before mentioned, shall take and receive such sums of money to be so ordered; ascertained, and regulated, and no snore, and shall work and labour accordingly pursuant to the* true meaning of this act, on pain of being imprisoned at the discretion of the said court of quarter sessions, for any time not exceeding three months, upon conviction of the

r____ offender on a summary hearing at the said court of quart*?

take more than sessions, or any adjournment thereof* by the oath of one ot may be^pri-69 mQr€ witness os witnesses, which oath the said Gourt i* oned. 1 hereby authorized to -administer, or by the confession of thp offender.

Penalty for pay- LI, And be it further enacted by the authority aforesak^ ingor receiving" "That if any own^r or owners, or master of any lighter, boatr j?guiatedpr^ce or vessel* shallreoeive more, or any person shall*pay mor* for the use of a' for the use and employment of such lighter, boat* or vessel* than the rate of hire and payment so settled at the said sese sions, or any adjournment thereof, every ^person so offending shall, - for every such offence, being thereof; convicted on»summary hearing before the said mayor, by the oath or qathr of one or more credihle witness or witnesses, (which oaths or oaths the said mayor is hereby authorized to administer), or by the confession of the party or parties*, forfeit a sum not exceeding ten pounds, nor less than forty shillings, to be^ levied by distress and sale of the offender?* goods? andchat^ tels, by warrant under the hand and.seal of the said: mayor?.

LII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thatif any person or persons shall hire or employ any journeyman,

2

persons who

' lighter, &c.

Penalty for mplbying a

The Fortieth Year of George III.

neyuatn, artificer, or tradesman, who docs not produce to

Mid person or persons at the time of such hiring or employ- dLrge^rum hi*

ment, a written discharge uiuler the hand of the person by la#t employer.

whom such artificer or tradesman had been last employed,

every such person so offending shall, for every such offence,

being thereof convicted on a summary hearing before the

Mid mayor, by the oath or oaths of one or more credible

witness or witnesses, (which oath or oaths the said mayor is

hereby empowered to administer, ) or by the confession of

the party, forfeit any sum not exceeding twenty pounds, to

be levied by distress and sale of the offenders goods and

chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal of said mayor.

LIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Penalty for re* That if any person who shall hove employed any such jour-

neyroan, artificer, or tradesman, shall, at the time of discharge at tht charging him, refuse to give him such written discharge on timeofdischarg-the same being demanded of him, every person so offending togajouroty* shall, for every such offence, being thereof duly convicted before the said mayor, by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, (which oath or oaths the said mayor is hereby empowered to administer), or by the confession of the party, forfeit any sum not exceeding the sum of twenty pounds, according to the discretion of the said mayor, to be levied by distress and sole of the offender'* goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal of said mayor.

LIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Lighter*, boat*, it may and shall be lawful to and for the said mayor, by war- may be rant under hie hand and seal, to seize on and detain any ^pe^Ue* lighter, boat, or vessel, the owner or owners of which shall P have incurred any penalty under this act, and in case such penalty, and the expences attending such seizure and detention be not fully discharged and satisfied within ten days from the day of such seizure, then it shall be lawful for such mayor, by warrant under his hand and seal, to causa the same to be sold by public cant, and out of the money arising from such sale, he shall first satisfy the penalty and expences attending such seizure and sale, and then pay over the surphisof such money, if any there be, to such owner or owners, and in case the owner or owners of any lighter, boat or vessel, which shall be used or employed, or shall ply for hire on the said river, and within the said harbour, contrary to this act, cannot be known or discovered, then, it shall be lawful for the said mayor, ' by warrant under hi* hand and seal, to se^ze, detain, and seH such lighter, boat, or vessel, in manner herein before mentioned, and he shall, out of the money arising from such sale satisfy such penalty or penalties, which such owner or owners Should be liable to in case he or they had been convicted under this act, and pfao the expenses attending such seizure and detention, and Application of

*hallurj>lu* aftd*

4M The Fortieth Year of George III.

sale of boats for shall pay over the surplus, if any there be, to such person or which no owners persons as shall appear to him to be entitled thereto, and ean oun.m cage n0 p€rson shall claim such surplus within three months after such sale, then the said mayor shall pay the said surplus to the trustees of the North Charitable Infirmary, and of the - South Charitable Infirmary, to be equally divided between them, share and share alike, for the use of the said charities, and on every transfer of the property in each lighter, boat, or vessel, the same shall be duly entered in the registry aforesaid.

Persons who

LV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, offend against That all and every person and persons who shall or may

indented on offend against this act, shall* and may, as well as all other

evidence as persons, be called upon and compelled to give his or her

herein. testimony and evidence as a witness or witnesses on behalf

of the prosecutor or informer, upon any complaint to be made, or exhibited under this act, and that in all such cases every person having given his or her testimony or evidence as aforesaid, shall be, and hereby is indemnified of, from, and against any information to be laid, or prosecution to be commenced against him, her, or them, for having offended in the matter wherein, or relative to which he, she, or they shall have given testimoney or evidence as aforesaid.

Th* mayor may

LVI. And for the more effectually enforcing and carry-to apprehSid8n8nt0 execution the previsions of this act; be it further offenders enacted by the authority aforesaid, That on complaint and against this act, information on oath before the said mayor, of any offence tend after*being ^av^ng been committed against this, act, the said mayor is summoned. 6 hereby authorized and required to summon the person or {Persons charged with being an offender or offenders against this act, to appear before the said mayor at a certain time and place, to be specified, and if any person or persons so summoned, shall not appear according to such summons, then the said mayor, proof on oath, (which oath the said mayor is hereby empowered to administer, ) having been first made before him, of the service of such summons upon such person or persons by delivering the same to him, her, or them personally, or leaving the same at his, her or their usual place or places of abode, shall mak£ and issue his warrant or warrants for apprehending the person or persons so summoned, and not appearing as aforesaid, and for bring-Warrants may ing him, her, or them before said mayor; and it shall also be be issued with- lawful for the said mayor if he shall think fit, without issu-ut summons. ing any previous summons upon such complaint and information on oath as aforesaid, to make and issue his warrant or warrants for apprehendending the person or persons by such information, charged to have offended against this act, and to bring him, her, or them before such mayor, and upon the person or persons complained against appearing upon such summons, or being brought by virtue of such

warrant

t^oc He

The Fortieth Year of George III.

425

warrant or warrants before such mayor, then such mayor shall, and is hereby authorized and required forthwith to make enquiry touching the matters complained of, and to proceed thereon according to the several provisions of this act.

LVIL. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Mayor to pro-said. That it shall be lawful for the said mayor, before ceed as herein whom any such complaint and information shall be made as aforesaid, and he is hereby authorized and required, at the request of any of the parties to issue his summons to any witness or witnesses to appear within the space of twenty-four hours, and give evidence before such mayor at the time and place appointed for hearing and determining such complaint, and which time and place shall be specified in such summons, and if any person or person so summoned to appear as a witness or witnesses as aforesaid, shall not ap- Witnesses pear before such mayor at the time and place specified in summoned who such summons, or shall not give a sufficient excuse for his, and" Ve^iidenco her, or their default, or if any person or persons appearing ma^becom-according to such summons, shall not submit to be examined mitted. as a witness or witnesses, and give his, her, or their evidence, before such mayor, touching the matter of such complaint, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for such mayor, and he is fcereby authorized (proof on oath, which oath the said mayor is hereby authorized to administer, in the case of any person not appearing according to such summons, having been first made before the said mayor of the due service of such summons on every such person, by delivering the same to him, her, or them, or by leaving the same at his, her, or their usual place of abode) by warrant under the hand of such mayor, to commit such person or persons go making default in appearing, or appearing and refusing to give evidence to the gaol or house of correction of said city, there to remain without bail or mainprize, until such person or persons shall submit himself, herself, or themselves to be examined, and give his, her, or their evidence, touching all matters under this act, before such mayor as aforesaid.

LVIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Mayor to keep the said mayor shall at all times keep a fair and regular re- a fair registry, gistry as herein before required, and that for every entry for made in such registry he shall receive the sum of five ge^s!* shillings, and no more, and that the said registry shall be Registry shall conclusive evidence of all things contained in it relating to ^Jence. all matters and regulations contained in this act, and that all northand'aoutfc penalties levied under this act shall be disposed of equally infirmarie*. to the use of the trustees of the North Charitable Infirmary, and of the South Charitable Infirmary.

LIX. And whereas it frequently happens, that the goods, wares; and merchandizes put on board such lighter, boat,

or

4

Ml The Fortieth Year of George 1H*

r other vessel, for the mu^ose of conveyance, are plundered, stolen, or purloined by persons on board such lighter, boat, or other vessel, and it is always difficult^ and some-penalty on times impossible to identify such goods, wares, and merchffla-dizes 80 plundered, stolen, or purloined, so as to convict board of which the offenders: be it further enacted by the authority afore* oods shall be said, that if any quantity of goods, wares, or merchan-de^crib^unlew dizes> a kind similar to those put on board such lighter, pj-oqf ia mad* boat, or other vessel for conveyance as aforesaid, shall be that auefi were found in any' part of such lighter, boat, or other vessel, Iwr 7come by. separate from the goods, wares, and merchandizes so put on board, or if any package, empty or full, broken or whole, similar to any of the packages in which any such goods, wares, 'or merchandizes shall be packed, shall be found in any part of said lighter, boat, or other vessel, in manner before mentioned, that it shall be lawful for the mayor of the city of Cork, and he is hereby required by his warrant under his hand mid seal, to cause the owner or master of duch lighter, boat, or other Vessel, to be brought before him, and on due proof before the said mayor, on a summary bearing, on the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, (which oath or oaths the 6aid mayor it hereby empowered to administer) of any quantity of goods, wares, or merchandizes, or any package being found on board such lighter, boat, or other vessel, in manner and under the circumstances herein before expressed, such owner or master shall forfeit a sum not exceeding twenty pounds, not less than forty shillings, to be levied -on the goods and chattels of such owner or master, by warrant under the hand and seal of the said mayor, and for want of sufficient goods and chattels to satisfy such distress, then it may be lawful for said mayor, by warrant under his hand and seal, and ha is hereby required to commit such owner or master to the gaol of said city, thereto remain without bail or mainprise for a space not more than six months, or less thain three months; provided always, that if satisfactory proof be made before the said mayor, that the goods, wares, or merchan* dizes, or packages so found, were not part of the goods, w ares, or merchandizes, or of the packages so put on board such lighter, boat, x>r other vessel, for the purpose of conveyance as aforesaid, but that the same were honestly and f&irly come by* in Such case the said mayor shall dismiss the said owner or master of such lighter, boat, or other Vessel. 1

Penalty wMjt EX. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-That^any of goods, Wares, or merclian-

dizes, similar to those put on board such lighter, boat, hall be*found dr* other vessel, shall be found on the persoti, or in the pos-Inpoeseasion Session of* any person belonging to, or employed in such lw£2«°to »uch UghtelfJ.Boat, or other vessel, it shall be lawful for the person


7 % Forti*k YargrOtHfftf HL

Mr

Mm finding such goods, wares* and merchandimi to carry fl^teer*, case* auch person before the mayor of the said city of Cork, and?*<*. on MtiaActory proof being made before the said mayor* mi the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witness* es, (which oath or oaths the said mayor is hereby authorised to administer) of the finding such goods* wares, of merchandizes on the person, or in the possession of such person, thou it shall be lawful for the said mayor, and he is*hereby required (unless such person shall produce to thw aid mayor satisfactory proof that the goods, warevor merchandises so found, were no part of those put on board sweh* lighter, boat, or other vessel, but that the same were fatrlw and honestly come by, by every person) to adjudge such* person to forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, to be levied'

Dy distress and sale of such person's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal of sod mayor; and in caSw there shall not be goods sufficient to answer such distress?* then the said mayor shall by warrant under his hand and seal, commit such person to the gaol of said city, there to remain without bail or mainprise for any time not exceeding the space of six months.

LXI. And whereas it frequently happens, that sevend penap: yoafc* quantities of goods, wares, and merchandizes are stolen bourer^portctss from lighters, boats, and other vessels '9arid from the 6tores; or journeymen, hops, and cellars of the merchants and traders of the city of Cork; and whereas it is frequently impossible to indentity heremdSrlbsd uch goods; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, hall be found. That if any labourer, porter, or journeyman tradesman, employed in any warehouse, shop, or cellar, or any jour-come by. peyman manufacturer, or any other person not usually trading in such goods, wares, or merchandizes, shall havw in his or her possession any such goods, v.ures, or merchant dines, such labourer, porter, journeyman, or other person being thereof convicted on a summary hearing before thw said mayor, on the oath or oaths of one or more creditor witness or witnesses, (which oath or oaths the said mayor ir hereby authorized to administer) unless such labourer, povi ter, journeyman, or other person as aforesaid shall prove that such goods, wares, or merchandizes so found on him or her, were honestly and fairly come by, such labourer, pore ter, journeyman, or other person, shall forfeit the sum cf twenty pounds, to be levied by distress and sale of thr goods and chattels of such labourer, porter, journeyman, dr other person as aforesaid, by warrant" under the hand and*

eal or the said mayor; and in case such labourer, porter* joiimeyman, or other person as aforesaid, shall not lmvw sufc' ficient goods and chattels to answer such distress-then the* said mayor shall, by warrant under his hand and seal, cook mit such labourer, porter, journeyman, or other* person aw aforesaid^ to the gaol of said city, there4 to- remain without

bad

The Fortieth Year of George III.

bail or mainprize for any time not exceeding the space of six months.

LXII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall, in all courts and places, be deemed and ▲ r*aMk Kt. to be a public act, and shall be judicially taken notice

of as such by all judges, justices, and courts, without specially pleading the same.

LXl 11. And whereas doubts are entertained whether under any law or laws not existing, the governors of the work-house of the city of Cork have at present a power to grant licences for, or to limit the number, or to make regulations for the government of any coach*, post-chaise, chair, or sedan, or of the keepers, drivers, or carriers of the same plying for hire within said city or the liberties thereof, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from Oownert of and after the passing of this act, the governors of the work-^ou*e of the said city, fifteen at least being present, shall, crrdto acme and are hereby authorized and required, from time to time, grrioos who and at all times for ever hereafter, under their common 6eal co»chr*po*t for the term of twenty-one years from the date

ahaises, chairs, ol each licence, all such person or persons as shall keep, w-wd^and drive, or carry any hackney coaches, post chaises, chairs, toUmht^ouin-OJpsecjang> or any hackney coach, post chaise, chair or sedan plying for hire within the said city of Cork, or the liberties thereof, and also from time to time, for ever hereafter, to limit the number of such coaches, post chaises, chairs and sedans, in such manner as the said governors of the said work-house shall think proper, and that every such hackney coach, post chaise, chair and sedan, plying for hire within the said city of Cork, or the liberties thereof licensed pur-saaat to this act, and the keeper, driver, or carrier of every such hackney coach, post chaise, chair, sedan, shall, in all respects be subject to the same regulations, and entitled to the same privileges, and the governors of the said work-house shall have the same powers and authorities over them, and for the government and regulation of them, as are provided enacted, and expressed in and by an act of parliament made in the first year of his present majesty's reign, deo. s. and also entitled. An act for the more easy and equal assessing and ap-b^redted act9pi0tfing a\p money presented by the grand jury of each as-sizes, to be held for the said city and county of the city of Cork, and for putting the coaches, chaises, chairs, and sedans that ply for hire in the said city under the like regulations, for the benefit of the work-house of Cork as they are in Dublin, and also for the better regulating the harbour of Cork; and also by one other act of parliament made in the third year of his present majesty's reign, entitled, An act for continuing and amending certain temporary Statutes heretofore.made for the betteir regulation of the city of Cork, and for enlarging the salary of the treasurer, and for tfu better regulating

Regulations and powers to be same as by recited act

The Fortieth Year of George III.

lating the sale of coals in the said city, and for erecting and +continuing lamps in the same, and for the better preserving the streets and highways therein, and for confirming and establishing a court of conscience in the said city, and for regulating the assize of bread therein, and for saving thei quays by parapet walls, whereby the said first mentioned act, with the several clauses therein contained, was made perpetual, with the amendments and explanations in said last mentioned act contained with respect to hackney coaches, post chaises, chairs, and sedans, and the keepers, drivers, and carriers thereof, licenced as mentioned in the said acts, or either of them.

LXIV. And be it farther enacted, That from and after the passing of this act all the penalties or forfeitures to be incurred by any owner, keeper, or driver of any coach, post chaise, or other chaise or horse chair within the said city or the liberties thereof, as mentioned in the said above recited act, made in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, shall be recovered before the governors of the said work-house, or before any five or more of them, and be levied by them, or any five nr more of them, in like manner as is provided with respect to penalties incurred under the before recited act, made in the first year of the reign of his said Majesty, and before no other person whatsoever, any thing in the said recited acts to the contrary notwithstanding; and that nothing herein contained shall abridge, or be construed to abridge, lessen, or diminish the powers or authorities by the said recited'acts of the first and third of his present Majesty, given or granted to the governors of the work-house of the said city, or any of them, for the purposes thererein respectively mentioned.

Recovery of penalties or forfeitures incurred by owners or drivers of coaches, &c.

Not to abridge the powers of governors of work-house.

FINIS.

