Statutes

passed in the

PARLIAMENTS

HELD IN

I R E L A N D.

VOL. II.

CONTAINing

From the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of Charles the Second, A. D. 1665, to the Eftycnth Year of Anmi, A. !>• 1712, inclusive.

DUBLIN:

Printed by GEORGE GRIERSON, Printer to the King's Moft Excellent Majefty. 1794.

PRINTED AND PUBLISHED IN Q.RE/ T BRITAIN

Digitized by vjOOQlC

CONTENTS

OF THE

SECOND VOLUME,

.......»..v.-.:.

The Seventeenth and Eighteenth Year* of CHARLES II. CHAP. II.

’	'	‘	.	.	V

Am A& fir A* explaining if fme^Diuits crrifb* rfitr eh 'A3 intituled, An Ad for the better Execution of bts Maje4tte’s gracious Declaration for the Settlement of his Kingdom of Ireland, and Satisfadioa aC the feveral Interefts of Adventurers, Soldiers and other his Subjeds there, and fir making feme Alteration! cf and Addition s unto foe fixrd A&> for the mire fpeedy and effectual Settlement if the faid Kingdom.	Page	I

CHAP. III.

An Aelfir the Confirmation if Marriages.	*	*37

CHAP. IV.

An Aftfor them eft ivg in andfettling upon Sir William Domeville Knight, his Majcfiie’s Attorney General of Ireland, bis Heirs and AJfigns for ever, a Parcel of Land Part if the Poffsffi-ons belonging to the Canons of St. Patrick, Dublin, upon an Agreement 'with the Dean anifXapttr thereof paying thereunto a certain yearly RentA	^38

CHAP. V.

An Aft for the feeuring federal lands, Teneaentr tend Hereditaments unto George Duke of AlbemarL	138

Vol. II.	{	a	)	CHAP,

^ <7)

*V . 799T96

Digitized by LjOOQle

CONTENTS,

CHA P. VI.

A* Aa fir the Uniformity of Publique Prayers and Administration, of Sacraments, and other Kites ayd Ceremonies j and fir eftahlijbing the Forme of makings ordaining, and don-fecrating Bijhops, Priefis and Deacons, in the Church of Ireland.	fagc	139

CHAP. VII.

An A a for Provifpn of Minifters in Cities, Corporate Towns, qnd making the Church of St. Andrews, in the Suburbs of the City of Dublin, prefentative for ever.	I	JO

P H A P. VIII. -

An Aa for Relief of Poor Prifoners.	IJ3

CHAP. X.

jh Aa fir Difobling of Spiritual Perfons from bolding Bene-^/SVw, cr other Ecclefiaftical Dignities in England or Wales, and in Ireland at the fame Tune.	15$

CHAP. XI.

Ad Afl to prevent Delays in extending Statutes, Judgments, and Recogmzqncfs.	15$

CHAP. XII.

An Aa to prevent Arrefts of Judgment and futerfeding Execution^.	"159

CHAP. xiy.

An Aa enabling the Precentor and Treafurer of the Cathedral Church of Si. Patrick's Dublin, and the Arch-deacon sf Dublin, to snake Leafes of Part of their Yards and Gardens for Jtxty Years.	1	162

p H A P. XV.

jin AB fir the true making of all Sorts of Cloth, called the Old Drapery and .Hew Drapery, and the true fearchtng and feeding thereof by his Majeftie's A^nager within this Xiugdqm,	163



Digitized by ^ooQle

.CONTENT*.

CHAP. XVIIL

An additional A Si for the better ordering and tolled ing the Revenue ariftng by Hearth-Money*	Page	17*

CHAP. XIX.

An Ad for the better ordering the felling of Wines and A qua-vitae# together <witb all Sorts of ftroug Waters by Retaile.	178

CHAP.'XX.

An Ad for the Trial by Nifi Prius, of IJfues laid in the City of Dublin and County (f Dublin.	185

CHAP. xxr.

An additional Aft to the Ad intituled, An Aft for the Cleaning the Water-Couj-fe in St. Patrick-ftreet.	185

chap. xxri.

An A d for the Naturalization of Maria Euphemia Dung an, Walter Dungan, efa\ XJrfula Dungan, 'Judith Cox, alias Keating, and Charlotte Lane, daughter to Sir George Lane, knight,	1	co

CHAP. XXIII,

An Ad for the fettling the Abbey of St. John's, in or near Athy, upon Dasne Mary Meridcth, and her Heirsfor ever.

190

The Reflation of the Doubts, by the Lord Lieutenant and Connedupon the Ad of Settlement, and Explanation thereof.	191

My the Lord Lieutenant and Council\ Rules, Orders, and Directions, made and eftablijhed by us the Lord Lieutenam and Council, for She better regulating the Corporation of the City .of Dublin, and the electing of Mjigijt rates and Ojjuers there.	200

My the Lord Lieutenant and Council, Rules, Orders and Di* redions, made and eftablijhed by us, the Lord Lieutenant and Council, for the better regulating the Corporation of the To wn of Drogheda, and the electing of Magiftratcs and Officers there.	-	a09

(a?)	My



Digitized by

Google

CONTENTS,

By the Lord Lieutenant and Council, Rules, Orders, and Directions, made and eftablijbed by us tke Lord Lieutenant apd Council, for the better regulating the Corporation of the

• City of Limerick, and the electing of Magijirates and Officers there.	Page	213

By the Lord Lieutenant and Council, Rules, Orders, and Directions, made and ejlablijhed by us the Lord Lieutenant and Council, for the better regulating of the Corporations of the Town of Galway, and the electing of Magijirates and Officers there.	219

By the Lord Lieutenant and Council, Rules, Orders, and Directions, made and eflablijhed by us the Lord Lieutenant and Council, for the better regulating the federal Cities, walled 'downs, and Corporations of Cork, Waterford, Kinfale, Tough all, Cajhell, Clonmell, Athlone, Londonderry, Carrick-ftrgus, Coleraine, Strabane, Qharlemont, Trim, Dundalk, Kilkenny, Wexford, and Rofs, in the County of Wexford, and the electing of Magijirates and Officers there.	225

Py the Lord Lieutenant and Council, Rules, Orders, ar\d Directions, made and efiablijhed by us the Lord Lieutenant and Council, for the better regulating of all fuch Cities, walled Towns, and Corporations within this Kingdom of Ireland ; and the electing of Magijirates and Officers there, for which no other particular Rules, Orders or Directions have been, orjball be made by us before the Twenty-ninth Day of this injlant September.	2 3 J

Thefourtji Year of WILLIAM and MARY.

C H A P. I

A'? Ati of Recognition, of their Majejlics undoubted Right to the Crown of Ireland.	256

CHAP. 11:

An A Cl for Encouragement of Protejlant Strangers to fettle m -:bhf Kingdom of Irelandr	237

P H A p.

Digitized by v^ooQle

<?' <> H T E N T 9r

Q'U A IV.

4* 4(1 for taking Affidavits in tie	t to hi uffi

of in tif	doarts of King's Bench, Common Cleat and.Ex-

chequer*	Page *39

The feventh Year of WILLIAM III.

CHAP. Ill

An Ad fir taking away the Writ de heretko combu-^n4o<	24I

CHAP. IIL

An A3 declaring all Attainders, and all other Ads made in the late pretended Parliament, to be void*	241

CHAP. V.

An Ad fir the better fecuring the Government, by difarm-ing Ptfrfls.	244

C H A P. VI.

Aft Ad fir thi letter fettling of lnteftates Eftatts*	350

CHAP. VIL

An Ad for reviving two Statutes lately expired, and making them perpetual; and for avoiding unnecejfary Suites and Delays.	255

CHAP. VIII.

An Aft fir Redrefs of Inconveniencies for want of Proof of the Deceafes of Perfons beyond the Seas, or abfenting themjelves, upon wboft Lives Eftates do depend.	255

C H A P. IX.

An Ad fir the more ejfedual fipprejfng of Profane Curfing sad Swearing.	257

CHAP. X.

An M to tak* avjay Damage	clear. 259

CHAP.

Digitized by v^ooQle

CONTENTS.

CHAP. XI.

An J3 to take away the Benefit of Clergy front hint that doth flab another* not hawing a Weapon drawn* Page 260

CHAP. XIL

An A3 for Prevention of Frauds and Perjuries.	261

CHAP. XIII.

An A3 for the more eajy difeharging of Sheriffs upon their Accounts; and from being Jufiues of the Peace«•	266

CHAP XIV.

An A3 declaring which Days in the Tear Jhsdl he obfirved as Holy-Days*	26U

CHAP. XVII.

An Aft far the better Obfervathn of the Lord*s-Day, commonly called Sunday.	270

CHAP. XVIII.

Aft A3 for faking Jpecial Bails in the Country, upon Anions and Suits depending in the Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer at Dublin.	274.

CHAP. XXII.

An A3 for the more fpeedy and effedual proceeding upon Dif-trefies and Avowries for Rent.	276

CHAP. XXIV.

An A3 for the better regulating of Meafures in and throughout this Kingdom.	27 %

CHAP. XXV.

An A3 for the Prevention of Vexations and Qppreffons by Arrefis\ and of Delays in Suits of Law.	282

dThft

"X

1

Digitized by

fc O N T £ N T &

frife rnntb Year of WILLIAM Ilk

CHAP. L

jin Aft for	banijbing	all	Pafifit	any Eecltfiaftictd >

‘f urifdUHoni and all Regular! of the	Cltrgy	out	of	tbit

Kingdom.	Page	287

CHAP* IL .

An AH for the Confirmation of Articles* modi dt the Surrender of the City of Limerick*	291

CHAP. VL

An Ad for making the Colledors Receipts for Quit-Rent* Crown Rent, and other Rents due to the Crown, full and legal Difcharges for the fame* amd for limiting their Fees thereon.	197

GrfAP. VII.

jin Jr for taking away the Benefit of Clergy in fome Cafes.	299

C H A P. X*

*4n Ad for the preventing frivolous and vexatious Law-fuits $ and giving Remedy to the Parties grieved to recover their Cofls at Law, in certain Cafes, where heretofore no Cofts were given*	302

CHAP,

An Ad to prevent Frauds by clandeftine Mortgages.	309

CHAP. Jfll.

An Ad for the more eajy obtaining Partition of Lands in Co-parcenary, Jointefiancy, and Tenancy in Comnion, and bounding and mearing cf Lands *	31a

CHAP. XIII*

An Ad for avoiding of vexatious Delays, coifed ly removing Adions and Sutes tpt cf inferior Courts.	316

CHAP.

Digitized by

c a » t B » T 8,

t flAF. XIV.

An Aft for Redrefs of ctrtat* Abufos bt making Pewter end Brafs.	Page	319

CHAP, XV.

An Aft for the more eaft and fpeedy fecuring and Recovery of fmail Debts.	322

CHAP. XVI.

qf An Aft for dividing the Pdrijh of St. Michans, within the City and Suburbs of Dublin, into three difiinft Pa~

■ rijSis.	.	331

The tenth Year ef WILLIAM III.

CHAP. II.

An Aft for reforming Abufes in making of Butter Cajks% and K fTtvtktihg of fafe Packing of Buttet\	34.1

C H A P. VI.

An Aft to encourage building of Houfes, and making ' othtf Improvements on Church Lands, and to prevent Di+ Ittpidations.	344.

-	CHAP.	VII.

An Aft for confirming Efiates and Pefi'effions held and enjoyed under the Ads of Settlement and Explanation.	349

CHAP. VIII.

An^Aftfir the Prefervation of the Game, and the more eafy ' Cmviftion of fuch as Jhall defiroy the fame.	359

CHAP. IX.

An Aft for regulating the Fees of the Marjhal of the Four-courts, and for fettling the Rates of Lodging!, and Redrefs of 0-her Al ufis in the /aid MarJbaJJey, and in the Marjhaljey ' tf the City of Dublin.	36S

CHAP.

%



Digitized by

:>ogk

CONTENT SU

CHAP* X.

An A3 for traverfing Infm/aiotu*	Page	37A

^	CHAP*	XL

An A3 againft, deceitful, disorderlyj W qwgfFv* Gam*.

”V-	375

CHAP. XIV.

An A3 for determining Differences by Arbitration*	377

CHAP. XV.

An A3 for the better Management and Dijpofal of the Lands fet apart for the Support of the Fort <f Dmncmnmea. 378

CHAP. XVI.

An A3 for explaining fame Doubts that may arifi on the Exposition of an A3 pesfled this Sefion of Parliament, intituled, , An Adt for confirming Eftates and Pofieffions held . and enjoyed under the A 6b of Settlement and Explanation And alfo fbr amending fome Words in an A3 pajjed the loft Seffion of this prefent Parliament, intituled. An Adi to hinder the Reverfal of feveral outlawries and attainders : and to prevent the return of Subje&s of this Kingdom, who have gone into the Dominions of the French King in Europe.	380

The fecond Year of ANNE.

CHAP. III.

An A3 to prevent Kingdom.

Popijb Priefis from coming into this

38a

CHAP. V.

An A3 to make it High Treafin in this Kingdom to fmpeath the SucceJJion of the Crown, as limited by feveral Ads of Parliament.	383

CHAP. VI.

jin A.8 to frtvOtt tht furtbir Growth tf Prptrj.	3I5

CHAP.

Digitized by Google

CONTENTS.

CHAP. VIH.

4m A& fir 1***ting Poffiffimut and dijpofing tf the undifiofiJ and plus Acres*	Page	4.04

C H A P. IX.

4a A3 fur quieting ecclefiofticol Perfins in their Pq/Jeffi*

OHS*

C H A P., X.

4° 5

An A3 for the Exchange of Glebes belonging to Churches in this Kingdom.	40$

CHAP. XI.

An A3 for building fiver A Parijb-Churches in more coif* venient Places.	41 or

CHAP. Xllt.

Am A3 fir continuing two AQs againfi Tories, Robbers4 and Raffareesm	41J

CHAP. XIV.

An A3 for Naturalizing of all Prutefiant Strangers in tbit Kingdom*	41 tf

CHAP. XV.

An A3 to prohibit Butchers frotn being Graziers, and to re-drefs federal Abufes in buying and felling of Cattle; and in the Jlaugbtering and	packing of	Beef,	Tallow,	and

Hides.	419

CHAP. XVII.

An Ad to fufply the Defeds of an A3 paji in the Seventh Tear of the late King tVilham, intituled. An A61 fot thef better regulating	of	Meafures in	and	throughout	this

Kingdom.	*	424

The Fourth Year of ANNE.

CHAP. II.

An A3 to explain and amend an A3, intituled. An A3 for regif ring the popijh Clergy*	425

CHAP#

Google

c O K f E K T S.’

CHAP. V.

An A3 for Relief of Creditors againft fraudulent De-~ •vices,	Page 426

CHAP. VII.

An AS for lejjening the Duty of Rape feed to he exported.

429

CHAP. VIII.

An AS to regulate the taking and exaStng Tolls throughout this Kingdom ; and to prevent engnffing Coals in the City of Dublin.	430

CHAP. X.

*

An AS to prevent Fees being taken in certain Cafes.

433

CHAP. XI.

An AS againft Horfefeeding, and to prevent the buying and felling of ftolen Horfes : and for puntjhing all Ac- * cejfaries to Felons.	434

CHAP. XII.

An AS to repeal the Statute made in the ffth of Henry the *

Fourth, againft multiplying Gold and Silver; and to	H	t

prevent Difputes and Controverftes concerning Royal Mines.	438

CHAP. XIV.

Jtn AS for regulating the Weights ufed in this Kingdom ; and that Salt hpd Meal /hall be fold by Weight.	443

The Sixth Year of ANNE.

C H A P. 'II.

An AS for the Publick Regiftering of all Deeds, Conveyances, send wills that Jhall be made of any Honors, Manors, Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments.	449

CHAP

Digitized by

Google

C ON T E N *

CHAP. ni.

An A3 fir untuning an A3 modi in the ninth Tear of the reign of the late King Wtftiamy intituled, An Aft lot the mart eafie obtaining Partition® of Lands in copar-r cenary, joint-tenancy, and Tenancy in common, and bounding and mearing of Lands. '	Page	457

C-HAP. TV.

An A3 to prevent the defraying and m*rt hiring of Baft or A Children.	4^7

CHAP. VI.

An A3 to explain and amend an A3, intituled, An Aft to prevent Papifts being SoHicitott*	(	45	8

CHAP. VII.

An A3 fir leftenheg Sheriffs Fees on Executions.	468

CHAP. VIII.

A3 A3 fir explaining axd limiting the Privileges of Par* Lament.	466

c B A P, X.

An A3 fir the Amendment of the Loan, and the hotter Advancement of Juft ice.	468

C H A P. XL

An A3 fir explaining and amending two Joveral A3s ngmnft Tories, Rahhers, and	Rafpartes*	475

CHAP. XII.

An A3 fir the coatmmmg and perpetuating ff divers Laws and Statutes heretofore temporary, and for amending of the Lavs in relation to Batter	Gafts*	477

CHAP.

Digitized by i^ooQLe

CONTENTS.

C H A f. XIV.

* ✓

An A3 to prevent the pijhrders that map happen by the marching of Soldiers, and firproviding Carriages for the finggage of Soldiers in their March*	Page	47?

CHAP. XV.

#An Aft to fupply the Dtftds, andfor the better. Execution of am A3, intituled. An Aft for the avoiding of privy and fe. cret Outlawries of hi? Majefty’s Sutqe&s in PcrfdaalAc-Jrious.	483

CHAP, XVI*

jAn Aft for the more effefiual preventing the taking asway and marrying children again/k the WiUs of their Parents or Guardian/.	4 «

CHAP. XVH.

An A3 for fupprejfing lotteries, and Gaming-Tables, 49s

CHAP. XUC.

An A3 for fettling and pffcfving a publick Library for ever, in the Houfe for that Purpofe built by bis Grace Narciffiis, now Cord Artbbljhop of Armagh, on Part of the Ground belonging to the Arcbbijkap if Dublin's Pa~ lace, near the City of Dublin.	493

CHAP. XXI.

A* AS for dividing the feveral Parijbes of Saint AndrtvPs, Saint Nicholas without the Walls, asid the united Parijbes of Saint Katherine's, Saint James, and Saint John's ef Kiimatssbam, and for making or eroding a new Parijb, by the Name of the Parijb of Saint Anne» on the Ground lying

* between GraJ'ton-Jlrcct and Mcrrion-Jlreet, allJituafe, (yi.g, find being in or necre the Suburbs of the City of Dublin4>

'i *0

Digitized by t^ooQle

c o N T 'B N T s.

The Eighth Year of ANNE.

CHAP. III.

A* Aft for explaining and amending an Aft, intituled, An Aft to prevent the further Growth of Popery. Page 520

CHAP. IV.

A* Aft to enable p of humous Children to take Ejlates, as if horn its their f other's Life time.	544

CHAP. V.

An Aft to prevent Delays of Proceeding at the Affixes and

SejJions.	5 45

CHAP. vr.

An Aft for the better preventing the counterfeiting the current Qoin of this Kingdom.	548

CHAP, vir.

An Aft for the better preventing Efcapes out of the Prifon of' the Marjhalfea of the Four-Courts. *	554.

C H A P. VIII,

An Aft for the encouraging the Difcovery and apprehending of Houfe-breakers.	557

CHAP. IX.

% #

An Aft for delivering Declarations to	Prifoners,	561

CHAP. X.

An Aft for amending an Aft, intituled, An A& for the pub-lick Regillring of all Deeds, Conveyances and Wilis, that (hall be made of any Honors, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments.	563

CHAP.

Digitized by

Google

£ OHT E N T iS,

CHA P. XI.

A* Aft	for the tetter	Payment tf Inland Bills of

and for making Promifjbry Notes more

Page 56*

CHAP. XIII.

An Aft for DiJJblving the Union of	of	Tynan	and

Derry^oofe, andfor Building feveral PajriJh Cburcbe4 ip mqre con venient Places in the Diocefs of Armagh.	56?

The Njpth Y<*trof ANNE,

CHAP. VI. ,

jfn Aft or taking away the Benefit of Clergy in certain Cafes % and for taking away the Book in all Cajes ; and for repealing fart of the Statute for tranfporting Felons,	575

CHAP. VII.

fin aft for amending arid, making perpetual an aft, intituled\ x An Aft to prohibit butchers from being graziers and to red refs feveral abufes in buying and felling of cattle, and iim the flaughterinjr and packing of beef, tallow, and hides.	578

CHAP. VIU.

din Aft for the better fecuring of Rents, and to prevent Frauds committed by Tenants.	579

CHAP, XJ.

din jfft to prevent the Maiming of Cattle.	582

CHAP. XII.

din Aft for uniting feveral Parijbes, and building feVerat farijh-Churches in more convenient	Pfaces,	585

Tb*

Digitized by C^ooQle

e-ONTEHTf.

The Eleventh Year of ANNE.

CHAP. II.

An AH fir the mare effeBuol preventing of Frauds committed iy Tenants*	Page	595

|HAP. III.

Am AH to enable Guardians and ethers to renew Leafes for Lives*	59S

CHAP. V.

Am AB fir the better preventing of excefjlve and deceitful . XJwwfc.	600

C H A P. VI.

Am AB firfsspfrtffing Lotteries*	604

CHAP. VIII.

Am ABfir explaining and amending fever A Statutes, fir pr fihiting tJnder-Jberijfs and Sberijfs-clerks from officiating ** Smbjberiffs, or Sheriff s-clerks more than one Year.	605

■*

Digitized by v^-ooQle

A

COLLECTION

OF

STATUTES, &c.

The Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of CHARLES II.

CHAP. n.

A. D. 1665.

An Ail for the explaining of fame Doubt: crifu:? upon an A3 intituled, An Aft for the better Execution of hib Majeftic’s gracious Declaration for the Settlement of his Kingdom of Ireland, and Satisfaftion of the feveral Inter:!:: cf Adventurers, Soldiers and other his Subjects there, and for making Jome Alterations cf and Additions unto tie Jc+id Ail, for the more fpecdy and effcdual Settlement of the faid Kingdom.

WHEREAS in carrying on of that fervicc which was 10 Wit. $.7.

appointed by a former aft, intituled. An Ad for the confirming p»f-hetter execution of bis Majeftfs gracious declaration for the fifjfiont undtr fet element of his kingdom of Ireland, and fatisfaction of the ‘"fj^*** fenceral interefts of adventurers, fouldiers, end other his fub-	3'16.

jeds there, feveral doubts and difficulties have arifen, partly right of etcUfi. from the uncertain and ambiguous penning of divers claufes afinai perfint in the faid aft, and partly from other accidents, which could not then be forefeen, to the great obftruftion and J™* * ^nne hinde ranee of the publique ends and aims intended by that ^Doubtsand aft to be promoted, and the very great difappointment of difficulties ariien feveral perfons and interefts, which were thereby intended in carrying the to be fecured, infomuch that the full and final fettlement a<^ 0< fctticnient of this your Majeftie’s kingdom can hardly be attained by int0 cxecutua. any further proceedings upon the faid aft, as is already main fe ft by the experience which hath been had in the cxccu-Yol. II.	.	A	tion



Digitized by Google

7be fcvcntecnth and eighteenth Tears of Charles II. tion thereof; to the end therefore that your Majcftie’s moll gracious and juft intention*-by that ail declared may flill be purfued as far as remains pcffiblc, the revenues of the church fettled and increafed, your Majeftie’s dutiful and loyal fubjc&s quieted and fccurcd in their juft pofleflions, and the minds of ail men fo compofed, that there may be a general and univerlal care and induftry by building, planting, and all other wavs of improvement to repair and amend the ruins and devolution* qf this you^ Klajeftie’s kingdom ; may it pleafe your mod excellent Majefty that it may be enafted, and be it enabled by your moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confcnt of the lords fpiritual and temporal and the commons in this prefent Parliament affcmbled, and by the authority of the fame, that All honour*, all honors, martnors, cattles, houfes, places, lands, tene-laiids, &c. ments and hereditaments, right, title, fcrvice, chiefry, ule, th/ranj/on ac- tru^> condition, fee, rent charge, chatties real, mortgage, count of rebel-nght of redemption of any mortgages, recognizances, lion in 1641, or judgments, forfeitures, extent-, right of aftion, right of allotted or dif- entry, ftatute, or any other eftale of what nature or kind ^ulkedln^of ^ocvcr»	anc^	every the counties, baronies, cities,

femon of the* towncs corporate, and walled towns within this kingdom. King without which at any time from and after the twenty third of office orinquifi- Odiober one thoufand fix hundred and forty one werefeifed t*on-	or fequeftered into the hands, or to the ufe, of his late

Majefty King Charles the firft, or of your moft gracious Majcftie that now is, or otherwise difpofed of, diftributed, fet out, or fet apart, by reafon of or upon accompt of the late horrid rebellion or war, which began or broke out in this kingdom upon the twenty third of October one thoufand fix hundred and forty one, or which were allotted, aligned, given, granted, ordered, diftributed, difpofed, demifed, fet out or fet apart to or for any perfon or per-fons ufe or ufes, for adventurers, jarrears, reprizals, or othervvi/e, or whereof his late Majefty, or your Majefty that now is, or any adventurer, fouldier, reprizable perfon •	or othe^ refpe&ively, had and feceived the rents, iflues

and profits by reafon or upon account of the faid rebellion or war, or whereof the adventurers, officers, or fouldiers, now or formerly of the Englilh army in this kingdom, or tranfplanted or tranfplantable perfons, or any of them, or their, or any of their heir, heirs or affigns, or any other perfon or perfons whatfoever upon account of the faid rebellion or war in this kingdom, were in feizin, poflefiion or occupation by themfelves, their tenants, agents, or affigns on the feventh of May one thoufand fix hundred and fifty nine, or which were affigned, given, granted, laid out, fet apart or referved for or towards the fatisfadion x of any the faid adventurers, fouldiers, or other perfoiSs, for or in confideration of any money or proviliotis advanced.

Ends of this

Digitized by Google

3

¥ be fervent tenth and eighteenth Tears of Charles If. vanced, lent or furnilhed, or for arrears of pay, or in com- A. D. penfation of any fervice or reputed fervices, or other ac- 1665. count whatfoever, or referved, or mentioned to be refcrved, Chap. 2. for or in order to a reprizal, or reprizils, for fuch incum-brances as then were, now are, or mall be adjudged due to any perfon or perfons out of the hid lands, tenements or hereditaments, or for any other ufe, intent or purpofc whatfoever, or whereof any cijiodiam, leafe for year or years, or other difpofition or grant whatfoever hath been made ; or unto which your royal father, or your Majcftie are any ways intituled by reafon of or upon account of the faid rebellion or war, or which are wrongfully detained or concealed by any perfon or perfons whatioever ; as alfo all chantries, and all mannors, lands, tenements, rents, tithes, penfions, portions, and other hereditaments, or other things - whatfoever, belonging to any ecclefiaftical perfon or perfons in his or their politick capacity, and that have formerly by them, or any of them been let in fee-farm, the right whereof, or title thereunto, or intereft therein, was jn any perfon or perfon.., his or their heirs or affignsi who by the -qualifications in the faid a£t expreiTed have not been adjudged innocent perfons; as alfo all leafes that have been made by any eccletiaflical perfons of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments belonging to them in their politick capacity, to any perfon or perfons, their executors, adminiftrators or affignes, who by the qualifications in the faid act expreffed have not been adjudged innocent perfons; as alfo all impropriations, or appropriate tithes belonging to any perfon or perfons, his or their neirs, executors, adminiftrators or afiignes, who by the qualifications in the faid att expreffed have not been adjudged innocent ; and alfo all and fitigular the meffuages, manors, Alfo the ef-lands, tenements and hereditaments whatfoever, whereof tate of John John Fitzgerald, alias Fitzgerald of Innifhmore,* commonly Fitzgerald called the knight of Kerry, captain John Magill of the »ndTohnMa-ff county of Down, Gcoffry Fanning of Ballingary, or any and Geoffiy ** * of them, or any of their anccftors whole heirs they are, Fanning, or any other perfon or perfons in truft for them, or any of them, or to their or any of their ufes, were feized or poffefled upon the twenty fecond day of October one thoufand fix hundred forty one, notwithftanding that the fame were not feized, fequeftred, or fet apart upon the account of the faid late rebellion or war, are and lhall be, and are hereby declared, deemed and adjudged, as from the faid twenty third of Oftoberone thoufand fix hundred and forty one, forfeited and to have been forfeited to your Majeftie’s royal father of ever bleffed memory, and your Majefty, your heirs, and fucceffors ; and they are heieby from the (aid twenty third of October one thoufand fix hundred and forty one, deemed, declared and adjudged to have been

A 2	and

Digitized by

Google

free from all

We.

Ybe feventeentb and eighteenth Years of Charles II. and to be in the real and aftual poffeffion and feizin of your Majeftie’s faid royal father, and your Majefty, your heirs and fucceffors, without any office or inquifition thereof found, or to be found, freed and abfolutely difeharged of and from all eftates taile, and of and from all feoffments, and other conveyances made before the twenty third of bttreiL convey-	one thoufand fix hundred and forty one, by any

y perfon or perfons being tenants in taile, where the intaile was not legally docked or barred by fine or recovery, before the twenty third of October one thoufand fix hundred forty one, and of and from all titles and eftates derived by, from, or under fuch conveyances, and alfo of and from all and fingular remainders, reverfions, rights, titles, in-terefts, fervices, chiefries, ufes, trufts, conditions, fees, rent-charges, and chattels real, mortgages, rights of redemption of mortgages, recognizances, judgments, extents, rights of aftion, rights of entry, ftatutes, and all other eftates, challenges and demands of what nature or kind foever, to the intent that the fame may be fettled, confirmed and difpofed of to and for fuch ufe and ufes as in and by the faid former aft were limited and declared, and to he difpofed are not by this prefent aft changed or altered, and to and to the ufes of for fuch other ufe and ufes as in and by this prefent aft are lht L°rmucr a? declared or appointed, and not otherwife ; faving to your tered^and the Majeftie, your heirs and fucceffors, all and fingular fuch ufes of this aft eftate, right, title and intereft, of, in and unto any lands. Saving to the tenements and hereditaments within this kingdom, which King all in- your Majefty hath or ought to have in right of your crown m Ireland, other than by virtue of the aforefaid aft, or this prefent aft, and otherwife than by one or more inquifition or inquifitions of lands in the province of Connaught or counties of Limerick and Clare, and the county of Tipperary, found and returned in the time of the earl of Strafford's government in this kingdom ; which faid inquifition and inquifitions is and are hereby declared to have been from the time of the taking thereof abfolutely null and void, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had never been had nor taken ; and other than fuch right and title as in and by a certain aft of Parliament pafled in England, intituled. An ad of free and general pardon, indemnity and oblivion, are mentioned or intended to be barred or extinguilhed ; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

II.	Provided alwayes that this aft, or any thing therein contained, (hall not be deemed, conftrued, or taken to Not to veft in forfeit unto or veft in your Majeftie, your heirs and fuc-the King lands, cefifors, any honours, mannors, caftlcs, houfes, places, trv. of uniyer- ian(l8> tenements, hereditaments, or chattel real whatfo-tity of Dublin,	in all, every, or any of the counties, baronies, cities,

towns corporate and walled towns in this kingdom, on the

twenty

terefts, &c. other than as herein.

Digitized by Google

*fbe fourteenth and fifteenth Years of Charles II.	5

twenty third of Oftober one thoufand fix hundred forty A. D. one, belonging in poflfefiion, reverfion or remainder unto 1665. the nniverfity of Dublin, or to any archbiihop, bi(hop. Chap. 2» dean, prebend, dean and chapiter, or other ecclefiallical v^y^J perfon or perfons in his or in their politick capacity, or to or of ecdefi-any other colledge, hofpital, church collegiate or parochial, fftical perfon* or to the church wardens and parilhioners of any parifli	ca-

church for the ufe of the faid church, or to any guild, cor- p or college, poration or fraternity ecclefiaftical or lay, or to any parfon, hofpiul*church-reftor or vicar of any pari lh-church, or to any other perfon warden*, corpo-or perfons particularly named in the provifo contained in the rabon*, parfon*, ▼efting claufe of the faid former aft, and whofe eftate was whofee^ate*0** thereby exprefly faved and excepted from being veiled in excepted out of your Majeflie.	former Telling

III.	Provided likewife that this aft, or any thing therein rfaufe. contained, fhall not veil, nor be underllood or conllrued to Norprdudi-veft, in your Majelly, your heirs or fuccelTors, orotherwife c,a* to rights of be prejudicial unto, or take away any eftate, right, title, 52° 1641!* %% intereft, fervice, chiefry, ufe, trull, condition, fee, rent-charge, chattels real, mortgage, right of redemption of mortgage, recognizance, judgment, forfeiture, extent, right of aftion, right of entry, llatute, or any other eftate, of what nature or kind foever, from any proteftant or proteflants, their proteftant heirs, executors, adminillrators or affigns, whereof upon the twenty fecond of Oftobcr one thoufand fix hundred forty one, they were refpeftively feized or poflefled, or otherwife interefted or intituled, or wherein they had any other eftate, ufe, pofleffion, trull, reverfion, or remainder, other than fuch eftate and intereft whereof they, or any of them. Hood feized or poflefled for the ufe of, or intereft for, any irilh pa pi ft or Roman catholick, who by the qualifications in the laid aft hath not been adjudged innocent, or any other forfeiting perfon or perfons, nor to any judgment or decree which hath been obtained by any proteftant or proteftants in the late court, or pretended court, for adjudication of claims, or in the court of Exchequer, or any the four courts fitting at Dub- „	•	j

lin, before the twenty fecond of Auguft one thoufand fix m^uoriectves hundred fixty three, or for which any judgment or decree by proteftant* hath been confirmed, had, or made by the commifiioners, before nd of heretofore appointed by his Majeftie for the execution of Au5* I^63>or his late gracious declaration and inftruftions, or the afore- C0^™todveftC‘ faid a£t; nor to the veiling any the lands, tenements, he- any eftatC| reditaraents or chatties real, right, title, fervice, chiefry, of papiftsad-. ufe, trull, condition, fee, rent-charge, chattle real, mort- judgedinnecent. gage, right of redemption of mortgage, recognizance, judgment, forfeiture, extent, right of aftion, right of entry, llatute, or any other eftate of what nature or kind foever of any papift, who by the commillioners appointed for the execution of the aforefaid aft hath been adjudged

1	innocent.

6

<tbi fwuttnth and eighteenth Tears of Charles II.

A. D.	innocent, or the heirs, executors, adminiftrators or aligns

1665.	Of any fuch papift, who hath been fo adjudged innocent ;

Chap. 2.	and it is hereby declared, that no perfon or perfons, who

nby the qualifications in the faid former aft hath not bee? ^crfotw, by adjudged innocent, fliall at any time hereafter be reputed qualification« in innocent, fo as to claim any lands or tenements hereby inhocent fltall vc^e^» or he admitted to have any benefit or allowance of not be reputed	any futurc adjudications of innocence, or any benefit of

innocent.	articles whatfoever, but that they and every of them, and

all *and every perfon and perfons claiming by, from or under them, or any of them, fhaJl be arid are hereby barred and excluded of and from ail and Angular claims and demands not particularly allowed asd provided for in and by this pre^nt aft.

T)oubt vh®* IV. And whereas frire queftion or doubt hath arifrn, Afr^cers and whether the lands of any oftcers or fouldiers were to be co^med^n^ con^rrne<^ d**® by the faid aft, unlefs they had beeo formerly and were ©f the army at the time of the making your Majedie’s declaration of the thirtieth of November one thousand fix hundred and iixty : be it declared, enafted Explained by and explained by the authority aforefaid. That the word talrfng(and) ranin u/ed in that part of the laid aft which relates to them, ftjuncuve y.	^	disjun&ively, as if it had been [or] fo that

no fuch officer or fbuldier, his heirs or afiigns, fhall be excluded the benefit of §^e faid aft, or this prefect aft, if be had been formerly 6f the army, and in pofleffion a* afort f-iid the feventh of May one thoufand fix hundred fifty nine, though he were not of the army the thirtieth of November one thoufand fix hundred and iixty, or at any time Alice.

frroteftant* V. And to the end that the perfons, eftates and infiercftB firft providedfor. of his Majeflie’s proteftant fubjefts, of whom his Majeftic Adventurer! ever had and foil hath greatefl care and confederation in the andfotdier«pof-pettieDM;nt of this his kingdom, may be firii provided for : Ma*’ ^ it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That afl 1659, for ad• ^d every the adventurers and fouldiers, their and every of venturers, &c their heirs, executors, admimfiratsrs and afiigns, refpec-ttnll be confirm- tively , who upon the feventh of May one thoufand ikx ^twofuU hundred and fifty nine, were feized or poflefled of any r ’	ntafluages, manners, lands, tenements or hereditaments*

for or towards the fatisfaftion of any adventures or arrears* which by the rules of this or the laid former aft are allowed to be fiuitfied, and all and every other the adventurers commonly called deficient adventurers, whether they be deficient in whole or in part (that is to fay) fuch adventurers who never had any lands fet out to them in fatisfaftion of their adventures, or were never fully fotisfied for the fame* and the heirs, executors, adminiftrators and afiigns of fuel* adventurers refpeftively, fhall have, hold and enjoy, and be fouled and confirmed in fo much of the forfeited lands*.

which.

Digitized by

Google

i

The f*u4nteenth a*d eighteenth Tears of Charles If.	j

which by this aft are veiled in his Majeftie, as will amount A. D. to two foil third parts of what they, or thole under whom 1665. they claim, had, or in cafes of deficiency ought to have had Chap. 2. upon the feventh of May one thoafand fix hundred and fifty nine, in manner following, (that is to fay) the commiffioners Commiflioners for execution of this ad fhall diligently examine and com- fhall examine, } pute, or caufe to be computed, what quantity of land any5omPut®’ and fuch adventurer or fouldier, or the heirs, executors, admi- wt niftrators or affigns of fuch adventurer or fouldier refpe&ively had, or were feized or pofftfled of on the feventh of May one thoufand fix hundred and fifty nine, or of right ought to have had and been feized and poflefled of upon the feventh of May one thoufand fix hundred and fifty nine, in cafe he were a deficient adventurer, or the heir, executor, adminiftrator or afllgnee, of any deficient adventurer, and fhall fet out and allott, or caufe to be let out and allotted unto every fuch adventurer and fouldier, his and their re-fpe&ive heirs, executors, adminiftrators and afligns, fo much forfeited land as in quantity of Irifh profitable acres, to be Computed by computed by Irifh meafure according to the Down furvey*£c*fure» or Down admeasurement, and not otherwife, where the Down furvey hath been taken, and where the Down furvey where taken.’ hath not been taken, by the furvey taken in the carl of where net, by Strafford’s time, or by fome other furvey to be taken ac- Strafford fur-cording to Irifh meafure, wherein the unprofitable land isYC7’ to be cad in together with the profitable, (according to the method of the laid Down furvey) will amouut unto lull two third parts (the whole in three parts being divided) of what fuch perfon or perions to whom fuch allotment ihall be made as aforefaid, or thofe under whom they claim, did hold and enjoy, or in cafes of deficiency of right ought to have held apd enjoyed, upon the feventh of May one thoufand fix hundred iky nine; which faid two third parts, fo as Said two aforefaid tp be allotted, (hall be held and enjoyed by the thirds to be ai-perfons to whom, fuch allotment fhall be made, according]0^ wcordipg to the tenor of their feveral and refpedive letters patents hereafter,^patent, herein after dire&ed to be granted, and in full fatisfa&ion of any right, claim, or demand which by virtue of the faid former a & can or may accrew for or in refpeft of any adventures or arrears ; any retrenchment of a third part by this a& or other matter or thing in the faid former a€t contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

VI.	And in cafe any adventurer or fouldier, commiffioned Two-third* of officer, who ferved before the fifth of June one thoufand fix othcrhndstobc hundred forty nine, proteffant purchaler ii> Connaught or^°u|^ £C Clare, before the firft of September one thoufand fix hun- befof<nemoved.i dred fixty and three, his or their heirs, executors or affigns,

/hall be found to be in poffeffion of any mefifuages, lands, tenements or hereditaments, which by virtue of any claufe herein after following ought to be rcfiored and delivered up

6	to

/Ck^ogl



tants in fir ft place.

The /eventtenth and eighteenth Tears of Charles 1L to any perfon or perfons herein after named, the commif-(ioners for execution of this aft, (hall in the fir ft place, and before any fuch reftitation made, caufe fo much other forfeited or veiled land to be fet out as in quantitie of acres will amount to full two third parts of the land fo as aforefaid to be reftored, and that the perfons fo to be removed be duly poflefied of and fettled in his faid two third parts according Commiflioners to the rules of this aft; and the commiflioners for execution to fettle^protef- 0f this aft are hereby required and enjoined to take care that the edates and interefts of his Majeftie’s proteftant fub-jefts in Ireland be fettled with all convenient (peed, and that fuch parts of this aft, as have a tendency thereunto, be put in execution in the firft place, and before any other parts of this or the former aft which relate to other matters.

VII.	And to the end there may be as little change and alteration of pofieflions as can confift with^he ends and aimes of this prefent aft, and that every perlons imptovements may be preferved unto him as much as is poflible, be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That where any adventurer or fouldier, or the heir, executor, aflignee or aflirnes of any adventurer or fouldier (hall be found to have in nis or their pofleflion more lands undecreed away, than his or their full two third parts will amount to, according to the aforefaid rules of diftribution and allotment, that in every fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful for him or them to continue pofleflion of fo much as the commiflioners (hall adjudge his or their two full third parts to amount unto, and to cut off the overplus at his or their own eleftion, in fuch manner as that the overplus relinquiftied or furrendred by him or them may be contiguous and as near as may be within the fame denomination ; in which retrenchment the unprofitable lands as well as profitable are to be reckoned and parted with together in like manner and proportion as the fame were fet out together, according to the faid furveys ; and in default of due retrenchment, and cutting off the overplus in fuch manner as the commiflioners (hall approve, and within fuch as the commiflioners (hall direft, the commif-fioners (hall caufe the overplus to be fet out, and afeertain the refidue, whereof pofleflion is to be retained in fuch.manner as they (hall think fit, obferving therein rules of contiguity and conveniency as much as may be, and referving to him or them his or their houfe and the improvement about it; and the like rule is to be obferved in the retrenchment to be made of the overplus of fuch lands which have been fet out upon the doub- jn fatisfa£tion Qf any adventurers, upon the ordinances com-Ac* hi Cnn-^ monly called the doubling ordinances, and in the retrench-naught or	ment which is to be made from the proteftant purchasers

Clare,	in Connaught and fclare; and where any adventujrpr or

Where inrof- fouldier, or the heir, executori adminiftrator, aflignee or ■n r aff,gnc8 0f any adventurer or fouldier, (hall be found to be

poffcffed

Adventurer* or foUlier* in pofleflion of more than two thirds may cut oft overplus at their eleftion, &c.

In default of due retrenchment, com mi f-fiocers to do it, as herein.

I,ike rule in retrenchments

feflion of left

9

The f&venleenth and eighteenth Tears of Charles II. poffeffed of lefs land than his or their full two third parts A.' D. will amount unto according to the rules of this ad, that then 1665. and in fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful for him or them Chap. 2. to continue and retain the pofleffion of what he or they have, and that the refidue of what is wanting to make up ills or than twothirdi, their full two third parts as aforefaid, be forthwith fet out tobe and made op out of fome other forfeited la~d, to be al- ma<icuP' lotted, fet out and ascertained by the commilfioners as aforefaid, and as naar as may be with convenience to the lands in his or their prefent pofleffion ; any thing in the former ad contained to the contrary notwithlanding.

VIII.	And be it furthfer enaded by the authority afore- Two-thirdt

faid. That all and every the adventurers and fouldicrs,	10 **

their heirs, executors, alfignee or aflignes, who upon thercUu* • feventh day of May one thonfand fix hundred fifty and

nine, were or ought to have been poflefled of any lands, tenements or hereditaments fet out for fatisfadion of any adventures, or arrears not fince decreed away by fuch decrees as are herein confirmed, (hall anl may retain the lands in his or their pofleffion, or fo much thereof as by the commiffioners for execution of this ad (hall be adjudged to amount to his or their full two third parts ; any millake or mifnomer of the county or barony, wherein the lands fet out for adventures or arrears and fo poffeft do lie, to the contrary notwithftanding.

IX.	And it is likewife declared. That the adventurers Thofert-and fouldiers, their heirs, executors and affigus, who have moved from, voluntarily relinquilhed or been removed from the eftate o^^’sdhite James duke of Ormond, and put into pofleffion of any &c anii fince* other lands in the county of Catherlagh, not fince decreed reprifed, may away from them, and all others who have lelinquiflieJ retain tw» any lands, whereof they were pofleit the feventh day of4^^^

May one thoufand fix hundred fifty and nine, in obedience

to his Majefties letters, and have fince been removed to

other lands not decreed away from them, (hail have like

liberty of retaining the lands whereof they are now pofleft,

or fo much thereof as (hall be adjudged to amount to his

or their full two third parts, as he or they might have had

if they had been Co poflefTed upon the feventh day of May

one thoufand fix hundred fifty and nine, and what is wanting Deficiencies

of two third parts (hall be made up and fupplied by the fupplied out of

commiffioners out of fome other forfeited lands by them to othcr

be allotted.

X.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Deficient ad. That ail and every the deficient adventurers, and the heirs, venturers, how executors, affignee or aflignes of fuch deficient adventurers,to bciat,sfied-who are to be iatisfied for two full third parts of fuch their deficiencies, in quantity of acres to be fet out and allotted as aforefaid, and all and every other the adventurers, fouldiers, proteftar.t purchafers in Connaught and Clate, their

heirs.

Digitized by C^ooQle

lever al degrees of value.

overplus in one barony or

in another.

. The tenth and eighteenth Years of Charles II. heirs, executors, adminiftrators and affigns refpedively, tp whom any lands, tenement* or hereditaments are by the rules of this ad to be fet out and allotted for the fupply and making up of his and their, full two third parts, ihall be fatisfied in the fame barony and comity, or in the next barony and county neareft in value to their refpeftive deficiencies and allotments, if the fame can conveniently be done: Chief gover- and in order hereunto, the lord lieutenant, or other chief non and council governour and governours and council for the time being, to declare the tre hcreky enjoyned' to fettle and declare the feveral degree* of values of the refpedive counties aud baronies, which declaration ihall be a rule and guide to the commiffioners iu execution of any part pf this ad, where the confidera-tions of values (hall be neccflary or material ; and where any adventurer, bis heirs, executors, aifignee pr affignes, ihall be found to be deficient in part, and yet to have more lands in one particular barony or county than his or their lot in that particular barony or county would have amounted to, it ihall and may be lawful to and for him or them, to retain and keep in his or their own pofiefiion fo much of county to make ^	whereof he pr they ihall be poffeffed in one

g e ciency	or	county, ns Ihall be judged equal by the commtf-

fioners, for and towards the ferisfadion of his and their deficiency in any other barony or county, fo always that the whole which he or they ihall fo retain exceed not the due proportion of full two third parts which he or they ought to have, according to the rules aforefaid : and where any adventurer or fouldier, or the heirs, executors, adminiftrator* or affigns of any adventurer or fouldier, ihall be found to have more lands in his or their poffcffion than will fatisfie the two third parts which be or they ought to have by the rules of this a$, and yet ffiall have no deficiencies of their

.........own to place upon fuch overplus, that there and in fuch

or foldiers may cafes it ihall and may be lawful to and for fuch adventurer purchafe right and fouldier, his and their heirs, executors, adminiilrator* or affigns, to buy in and purchafe of any other adventurer or fouldier, or the heir, executor, adminiftrator or affignee of any adventurer or fouldier, his or their right and title in and to the fiauisfadion of any deficiencies within the fame province, which are fatisfiable by the rules of this ad, and to be fatisfied fpr the right and title fo bought and purchafed as aforefaid, by retaining the overplus land whereof he or they were feized, or fo much thereof as (hall not exceed the due proportion of two full third parts, which ought to be applied to the (atisfadion of fuch deficiencies.

Adventurers, XL And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, tsV. not legally That where any adventurers or fouldiers, commiffioned removed, ihall officers, who ferved before the fifth of J une one thoofand be reftored pro £x	forty	nine,	proteftant	purchafer	in Connaught

Element of or Cbwe, before the firlt of September one thoufand fix two thirds.	hundred

Adventurers

of others.

Digitized by CjOOQle

The feveattentb and eighteenth Years of Charles II.	11

hundred fixty and three, his or their heirs, executors, affig-	A. D.

nee or affiffaes, who are not by the rules of this aft to be	1665.

removed, have been already removed or kept oat from the Chap. poffdfion of what they held, or ought to have held on the /eventh of May one thoufand fix hundred fifty and nine, yet neither by virtue of any decrees made by the coromif-fiontrs for execution of the faid former aft, nor by virtue of any provifoe or claufe in the faid aft contained, or any Other legal proceedings, in winch words legal proceedings, cuftodiams or any other «rant or patent not confirmed or otherwise provided for by this aft, and the proceedings thereupon, are not intended to be comprehended, that then it (hall and may be lawful to and for the commifiioners for execution of this aft to order and decree all and every fuch perfon and per font, fb removed or kept out as afore/aid, to be again reilored and put into their poftefiions pro tempore, until the lad and final decree touching the fettlement pf fuch perjbn and persons (hall be made, and the refpeftive lhertffs, and all other officers and minifters of juffice whom Sheriffs, &c. it may concern, and to whom any precept or other warrantt0 Cune eic" that behalf (hall be direfted, are hereby required and ^ ' enjoyned to fee the fame executed accordingly, to the end that all and every perfbn and per Ions, fo as aforefaid removed or kept oat, may by filch temporary reftitution be enabled to retain fo much of the land whereof they {hall be fo polteflhd, together with their improvements, as their two full third parts, according to the aibrefaid rules, (hall or may amount unto.

XXL And be it further enafted by the authority afore- Adventurer* faid. That all and every the adventurer and adventurers, upon doubling who adventured their money upon certain ordinances or ordinance* in pretended ordinances of parliament, made in the years one thoufand fix hundred forty three and one thoufand fix hundred forty /even, commonly called the doubling ordinances,

/hall be effeemed, and are hereby declared, adventurers for no more than the principal money, bona aid, amounts to, and that they, their heirs, executors, aflignee or n&gnes (hall receive fatisfaftion for the moneys really and bona fodt paid in and advanced upon the faid ordinances, or pretended ordinances, in like proportion and manner as other ndventurers are to have by this aft, and no otherwife; that is to fay, by an allotment of fo much land as may be /ufficient to fatisfie full two third parts of the principal money So paid in and advanced as aforefaid, and no more, to the intent that he and they may be equally gainers or loafer* with other adventurers; and in the fetting out of this proportionable fatisfaftion, no regard is to be had of the quantity of land whereof the adventurers upon the doubling ordinances, their heirs, executors, affignee or affignes were pofiefied the (event)* of May one thoufand fix hundred fifty

nine.

Digitized by v^ooQle

Commiffion-cn ro mike books, of the two thirds, augmentation of biihopricks, allotment of glebes, &V.

Upon certificates from corn-mi ffi oners to chief governors, letters patents lhall pais.

Letters patents difeharged of forfeitures, incumbrances,

Yhe feventeentb and eighteenth Years of Charles If. nine, but onely of the original money truely paid in as aforefaid, in the fatisfaftion whereof, one third part is like-wife to be retrenched, and onely two full third parts to be iatisfied as aforefaid ; neverthelefs, it (hall and may be lawful for him or them to continue the poffeffion of fo much as the commiffioners lhall adjudge to amount unto his or their full two third parts, in like manner as other adventurers by this aft are enabled to do, in cafe fo much (hall be left in his or their pofleffion, not decreed away by the commiffioners for execution of the faid former aft.

XIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the commiffioners for execution of this aft lhall caufe one or more books to be made, wherein the portion allotted to each adventurer, or fouldier, or the heir, executor affignee or affignes of fuch adventurer or fouldier, for and towards his and their two full third parts, and the feveral augmentations of any archbilhoprick or bilhoprick, the allotment of glebes, and the provifions made for the colledge of Dublin, the maintenance of the fort at Dun-cannon, and the corporation of Bandonbridge, (hall be particularly and fairly fet down, and entred; and lhall caufe a duplicate thereof to be made and returned into the exchequer, there to remaine of record; and that upon a certificate under the hands and feals of the commiffioners, or the major part of them, containing the lands allotted to any the perfons or purpofes aforefaid, or to any adventurer or fouldier, or to the heir, executor, affignee or affignes of any adventurer or fouldier, for his or their two third parts, and expreffing the name or names of fuch perfons, with convenient deferiptions and denominations thereof, as to the number of acres, the barony, county and province wherein the fame do lie, and the rents refervable, as alio the tenure and fervices, ar\d prefented unto the lord lieutenant or other chief governour or govemours of this kingdom for the time being, he the laid lord lieutenant, and other chief governour or govemours of this kingdom for the time being, lhall be and are hereby authorized and re-quired, upon requeft of the perfon or perfons fo producing and prefenting the certificate aforefaid, to caufe effeftual letters patents under the great feal of Ireland to be palled in the ufual manner of fuch lands, tenements and hereditaments, to the perfons concerned, by advice of his Ma-jeftie’s learned council in the law, or fome of them, as the cafe lhall require, without expefting any further letters or warrants from his Majeftie ; and for fo doing, this pre-fent aft lhall be to them and every of them their fuffident difeharge.

XIV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That all letters patents granted by virtue of this aft lhall be and are hereby confirmed unto the feveral perfons

therein

Digitized by

Google

Yhe /eventtenth and eighteenth Years of Charles II.'	13

therein named, according to the feveral and refpeftive A. D. eftates therein granted, again ft the King’s Majeftie, his 1663. heirs and fiicceffors, and all other perfons claiming by, from. Chap. 2. or under him or them, and lhall ftand and be difeharged of and from all forfeitures or pretended forfeitures for non- &c. notdccreed, payment of rent, or any fum of money now due, or notj^0"^, <*ie-putting in of claims, or not bringing in field-books or fur- crvcd* veys, and of and from all further inquiries into falfe admeasurements, holding of lands profitable for unprofitable, or any other qualifications whatfoever, and of and from all ineafn profits, arrearages aad incumbrances, not herein after excepted, and fhall ftand and be good again ft all perfons, bodies politick and corporate, and difeharged of all eftates taile, and all other eftates of freehold or inheritance, and all reverfions, remainders, titles and interefts whatfoever, not decreed by the commifiioners for execution of the laid former aft, or in the faid former aft already allowed, whereby the patentees can or may be incumbred, and difeharged of all demands, other than what are intended to be preferved by this aft, and fhall be referved in the fame letters patents.

XV.	Neverthelcfs, it is hereby declared to be excepted, and is further enafted, That no letters patents hereafter to be granted fhall any way extend to difeharge or acquit any hot not dif-arrearages of quit-rents referved by the faid former aft, and ftill behind and unpaid; nor to acquit that part and 0 proportion of the three hundred thoufand pounds herein norfram pro-after mentioned, and intended to be raifed, and which by portion of the rules of this aft will be payable by fuch patentee, and SoooooL leviable upon the lands in the faid letters patents contained ; nor any meafn profits, which have been received of lands pr°aW> C‘ fet out for JEnglifh arrears, or in fatisfaftion of any adventures upon the doubling ordinances, above what the original money did deferve, or in fatisfaftion of any other titles or interefts not fatisfiable by this or the faid former aft ; nor to difeharge any fum or fums of money, which perfons tranfplanted into Connaught received upon fale of their eftates in Connaught, and yet have fince been reftored to their former eftates, or fome part thereof, by virtue of fome claufe in the faid former aft contained, or fome decree or other proceedings had upon the faid aft, or fhall be fo reftored by virtue of any claufe contained in thel'e prefents ; all which arrearages of quft-rents, meafn profits, or other fums of money as aforefaid, fhall be and are hereby made due and payable unto his Majefty, his heirs and fuc-cefTors, and fhall be leviable and recoverable againft every perfon and perfons who fhall be liable thereunto, his and their heirs, executors and adminiftrators, and all and every their lands, tenements, goods and chattels whatfoever;

any

Digitized by L^ooQle

14	Vbe	Jenjtnteentb	And eighteenth Yeetn of Charles 11.

A. D. any grant, patent* fettlement, or other difpofitkm made it» 1665. purfcance of this aft to the contrary notwith(binding.

Chap. 2* XVI. And for the prevention of all unneceflfary delays 1and unjnft charges, which can or may happen to the fub-Letterspa-	°f this fca*m before their full and final fettlement, be

tents (hail oafs it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That where in fix months af- the commiffioners for execution of this aft, or the major tcr cert*?catc ®f part of them, ihall give any certificate under his and their comimflioncrs. Jjanc|s antj feals t0 any perfon ot perfons, bodies politick or corporate, in order to the pafiing of any letters patents according to this aft, and (hail likewtfe return a duplicate of fuch certificate into his Majeftie's court of exchequer at Dublin, to be there inrolled, and the perfon or perfons, body politick or corporate, to whom fuch certificate (nail be

fiven, (hall immediately upon the obtaining of fuch corticate, and from time to time during the fpace of fix months next enfuing the date thereof, diligently and without inter-miflion puriue and profecute the having and obtaining of if delayed by letters patents accordingly, and in order thereunto (hall officere, whofc pfty or tender to fuch perfon or perfons, to whom they (hall dTrcd^atentees aPP^ themfelves for their afiiftance towards the pafiing of ihallho\d good* letters patents, their feveral and refpeftive fees to &c.	9	them due and payable, and (hall not obtain fuch expedition

and difpatch, that their feveral and refpeftive letters patents may be full perfefted and parted under the great fenl of Ireland, within the fpace of fix months next after the dan: of fuch certificate, but (hall be thereof delayed or hindred by the negleft of any officers or minifters as aforefaid, that there and in luch cafe the feveral and refpeftive perfons, bodies politick and corporate, to whom or in whofe behalf fuch certificate (Hall be given or granted, (hall hold and enjoy the feveral mefiuages, manors, lands, tenements r*.nd hereditaments in the feveral and refpeftive certificates mentioned and allotted, according to fuch eftate, and und'*r fuch rents as are therein mentioned, as fully and amply to all intents and purpofes, as if letters patents thereof had ' been granted and perfefted according to the di reft ions of this aft ; any thing in this or the laid former aft, ard any other law, ftatute, or ufage to the contrary notwirh-(landing.

What (hall be XV LI. Provided always, and be it enafted. That where done where any fouldier or fouldiers, adventurer or adventurers, his or lands fet out their heirs, executors, aflignee or affignes, have had any kinds, tenements or hereditaments formerly fet out to him rears o/adven- or them, as well in fatisfaftion of arrears due for fervice tureb’on doub- done in England, as of arrears due for fervice done in ’ ling ordinances, Ireland, or in fatisfaftion of adventures upon the ddubling 01 other intcrells ordinances, or in fatisfaftion of any other titles and inte-not provided for rcfts not proved for by this aft* together with other ad-or part evitted* venturers, and fuch fetdng forth of lands hath been proof decreed away.	mifcuoufly

Digitized by LjOoq le

The Jcvtnteentb end tighitentb Yean of Charles II.	15

irnfcuoufly and indefinitely as in the grofs, without any par- A. D. ticular application or diftinftion of the lands, (hewing which 1665. part of the faid lands was intended as a fatisfaftion of the Chap- a. Englifh arrears, and which part as a fatisfaftion of the Iriih arrears, or which part was fct out in fatisfaftion of adventures upon the doubling ordinances, or of other titles or intereiU not provided for by this aft, and which part for other adventures, and the whole or part of the (aid lands fo promifeuoufly fet out as aforefaid hath been evifted or decreed away by virtue of fome proceedings of the commif-fioners appointed for execution of the faid former aft, that then and in fach cafe * the land, fo evifted or decreed as aforefaid, (hall be accounted in law to be fuch lands onely as were intended for the fatisfaftion of EngHlh arrears \>r adventures upon the doubling ordinances, or of other titles and interefts not provided for by this ad, fo for as the fame will extend, and.all accompts and paiments of the meafn profits of the lands fo evifted are to ceafe, for fo mu:h, from the time of fuch eviftion or ddcrce as aforefaid ; neverthelefs it is declared, that nothmt: herein contained (hall exclude fuch perfon or perfbns from having their full two third parts, which are fatisfiable by the rules of this aft, and from retaining fo much, whereof they remain poifeffed, for and towards fuch fatisfadlion.

XVIII.	And to the end the fubjefts of this kingdom may be in fome meafure eafed of thofe charges which are ufual and ordinary in pafling of letters patents; be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and my be lawful to and for fo many of his Majeilie’s fabjedb

as thall defire the fame, to be joyned in one and the fame Several may letters patents, the due cautions before mentioned being join in fame let-therein obferved, fo as the lands thereby granted in cafe tcrs Patf*ts’ of fuch being joyned, exceed not the quantity of fifteen thoufand acres Englilh meafure in one patent; neverthelefs £ngli(h in one. it (hall and may be lawful to and for the lord lieutenant, Chief go ver-or other chief govemour or governoors of Ireland and ^,«r,and coutuil council there for the time being, in thefe and all other reSulaw cafes touching patents to be granted by virtue of this aft, cs* to regulate and moderate the fees of officers as they lhall think fit, according to circumftanccs.

XIX.	And be it further enafted by the authority afot efaid, .where incum-That where any lands (hall be allotted unto or detained by hrances by fui-any adventurer or fouldier, or the heir, executor, afiignee ™er decree

or afiignes of any adventurer or fouldier, for and towards	1

his and their full two third parts, or for any part thereof, "compence may which lands fo allotted or detained as aforefaid (hall be fub- he our of ott cr jeft to any eftate, remainder or other incumbrance already forfeituxes * decreed by the commifiioners for execution of the faid former aft, or allowed by the rules of the faid former or this > aft, that then and in fuch cafe, the commiifioners for

cution-

Digitized by LjOoq le

how to proceed therein.

Upon In com-trances allowed by decrees inte-rtft before 29 May, 1660, discharged :

intereft already received not repaid.

Then to the timesof decrees,

40s ptr cent. int after that, full intCTcfl:.

Lands at eight yearspurchafeto thoie prejudiced.

Other inenm-bnsca void.

The /eventeenth and eighteenth Tears of Charles IT. cation of this prefent aft ihall allot fo much other forfeited lan«i, as may fully fatisfie for fuch incumbrance, and caufe the fame to be entred in books returned into the exchequer, to the end that upon certificates made in manner aforefaid, letters patents may be thereof granted and parted as afore-faid ; and therefore the commiffioners are with all Speed to caft up the value of Such incumbrances, as by reafon of any former decree {hall charge any part of the faid two third parts, that fo a recompence may be provided asafore-faid ; and in the eftimate and valuation of fuch incumbrances, for which a recompence is to be provided, the commiffioners are to proceed by fuch rules and meafures as by the inftruftions, in the Said former aft contained, were given for the valuation and eftimate of fuch incumbrances on the lands of adventurers and fouldiers, as were therein appointed to be fatisfied out of the forfeited lands in the county of Kildare, as near as may be, and as far as may Hand with equity andjuftice.

XX.	And it is further declared and enafted, That where any Securities for money have been allowed by the decrees of the commiffioners for execution of the faid former aft, wherewith any land Set out and allotted, or to be Set out and allotted, to any adventurer or fouldier, his or their heirs or affigns, (hall or may be inciimbred, that all intcrelfc thereupon, due before the twenty ninth of May one thou-fand fix hundred lixty, (hall be and is hereby difeharged ; nevertheless the intereft already received {hall not be repaid ; and from and after the twenty ninth of May one thoufand fix hundred fixty* unto the times of the Several and refpeftive decrees, no further or greater ir.tercft fhall be fatisfied or paid for ai y the moneys due upon the faid Security, than after the rate of forty {hillings per cent, for one year; and from and after the time of the refpeftive decrees, full intereft (hall be fatisfied and paid ; and further, that lands {hall be fet out in full Satisfaction of what (hall remain due, after fuch abatement made as aforefaid, according to the rate of eight years purchafe, to fuch perfon or perfons as fhall be prejudiced by fuch incumbrances, by-having his land liable thereunto, or by his purchaling and buying in of the fame.

XXI,	And that no part of the land fo allotted or detained as aforefaid may be fubjeft to, or charged with, any other incumbrance, not decreed by the commiffioners for execution of the faid former aft, or already allowed in the faid former aft or this aft, be it enafted. That all and every fuch incumbrances as againft the adventurer or fouldier fo fettled as aforefaid, other than fuch incumbrances as are the proper aft of the party fo to be fettled, or thofe under whom he claims, be utterly voyd and of none effieft.

XXII. And

Digitized by LiOOQle

The /eventtenth and eighteenth Tears of Charles II.	17

XXII.	And to the end that no peHbn or perfons, who A. D. upon the fevcnth of May one thoofand fix hundred fifty 1665. nine was in poffeflion of any lands, tenements or heredita- Chap. a. ments, as an adventurer or fouldier, or as the heir, exe-

cutor or affignee of foch adventurer or fouldier, may here- Poffeffion 7 after be molefted or impeached in the making out of his or ***!» *£$9• their title in or to the lands fo podefied, or debarred of	u

fuch fatisfa&ion, and other the benefits and advantages, which by this ad is given to them who were fo poffefljed as aforeiaid, for want of producing fuch tneafn conveyances, or fuch legal and formal affignments, as in ftridnefs of law might otherwife be required, be it ena&ed by the authority aforeiaid. That where any perfon or perfons, or thofe under whom he or they claim, were in poueffion of any lands or tenements upon the feventh of May one thoufand fix hundred fifty nine, which were fet out or reputed to be held and enjoyed* for and towards the fatisfa&ion of any adventures or arrears, that there and in fuch cafes no proof of the meafn conveyances or other affignments (hall be required, but the poffeffion it feif (hall be, and (b is hereby declared, a fufficient evidence of the title, unlefs the fame .	•

lands have been likewife claimed by fome other adventurer ^venturer or or fouldier, his or their heirs, executors, adminiftrators or foldier. affigns refpedively; in which cafe the commiffioners for execution of this ad (hall, upon fuch evidence as can be produced before them, determine the title.

XXIII.	And becaufe there are feveral perfons who pretend themfelves able to difeover much land which is detained and concealed by the adventurers and fouldiers, their heirs or afiigns, by falfe admeafurement, although it be probable that after fo long a trad of time fuch difeoveries may not produce any great effed; neverthelefs, for the avoiding the fcandal of fuch frauds, and to give juft fatisfadion to all perfons and interefts, who may pretend themfelves to be prejudiced by fuch concealments, beit enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the lord lieutenant, or other chief go- Chief gover-vernor and governors of Ireland and council there for the tumtnd conn-

. rime being, (hall have power, upon information to them made of any fuch concealments by falfe admeafurement as ccalmtDts by aforefaid, to caufe a new furvev to be made of the parcels &He admeafitr*-and lots wherein fuch falfe admeafurement is pretended, ments, may and obferving therein thefe rules and cautions following:

1.	That fuch information be given in within the fpacc of three months next after the pamng of this ad.

a. That the defendant or defendants, againft whom foch ** information is given, be firft heard, before any new fqrvey be ordered.

3. That die informer or informers do firft put in fecurity by recognizance acknowledged before the lord chief jnfticc of the coihmoo pleas for the rime being, and with good Vox.. II.	B	and

Digitized by CjOOQle

18	The feventctntb and eighteenth Tears of Charles H.

A- D. and fufficient fureties to be by him allowed, to bear the 1665. whole charges of the new furvey, and over and above to Chap. 2. pay and fatisfie unto the defendant or defendants his and their full damages and cofts which they (hall fuftaine by fuch profccution, and (hall offer to make oath of before the laid lord chief juftice, in cafe that upon the r« turn of fuch furvey it (hall not appear that the defendant or defendants, againft whom fuch new furvey is ordered, were poffeft of more land by a full tenth part than he or they ought to have.

4. Where any new furvey is ordered, the fame (hall be taken by two furveyors to be chofen for that purpofe, one by the informer, the other by the defendants, and both furveyors (hall be fworn.

$. Where the books of diftribudon and the Down furvey agree in the fatisfa&ions, which have been allotted to any regiments, troops, focieties or perfons, or do not differ more than in one tenth, there no refurvey (hall be ordered* notwith(landing fuch information.

6. What overplus foever (hail appear upon the new furvey, if the fame exceed not one tenth part of what Is due to the defendant or defendants, no retrenchment (hall be made.

7	If the overplus exceed a tenth, it (hall be lawful to and for fuch defendant or defendants poffeffed of the overplus, to retrench the fame where they think fir, fo as fuch retrenchments be contiguous, and of unprofitable land together with the profitable, but is hereby difeharged of all accompts for the meafn profits of the lands fo retrenched .

ife. If the information of falfe admeafurement be againft a fouldier, or his heirs or affignes, there the lot of the whole regiment, troop or company, (hall be firft furveyed, and if the fame exceed not one tenth part of what fuch regiment, troop or company ought to have, then no furvey (hall be taken of any individual lot or proportion.

9. Where the lot of the icgiment, troop, or company, (hall exceed one tenth part of what they ought to have, there the individual parcel to be admeafured, if there be caufe of retrenchment, may retrench where he thinks it, fo as fuch retrenchment be contiguous.

lb. Whereas foiue lots for Satisfying the army fell in a good and bad county or barony, fuch as Kerry arid Liirve-rick, and Dowhallow and <Orrery, and whereas the fool-diers, before they came fo a particular dividend Of their general lot, did mutually content, that when a Jot ftooild fall in a had county “or hafony, the perforii, to whom it there fell, (hould have more acres, and when it fell in a good county, they mould-have Jefs acre$, or that the acres in the bad county (hould fcavc a lei* rate or Iraida fet on

them.



Digitized by LjOOQie

The feventtentb and eighteenth Tears of Charles II. them, and the acres in the good county a greater rate or value (hould be fet on them : it is therefore declared* that no overplus of acres in the bad county (hall be confidered as fuch an overplus as 19 lyable to retrenchment* but with a due refpeift to fuch mutual agreements as were made in the general lot of the regiment, troop, company or fo-ciety, before the perfons concerned in it came to a fub-divifion.

11.	No defendant or defendants, whofe lots are not to be found within the books of diftribution, books of debentures, or books of Grocers-hall, (hall be liable to any new furvey or readmeafurement, his evidences being loft.

Twelfthly and laftly, all proceedings in order to a new furvey or readmeafurement, which (hall not be finiftied and perfected within nine months next after pafling this aft, ft all ceafe and be void, and the defendant to be difcharged of all fuch inquiries for concealments upon fuch informations.

XXIV.	And for the further direftionsof the commif- Where eftate fioners for execution of this aft in their proceedings touch- for life only re-ing incumbrances, it is hereby declared, That where the co^CTcd by Irilh eftate in any meflaagesr lands, tenements or hereditaments, crJJT^fimed recovered by any Iriftt claimant by virtue of any decree the perfon* a-herein confirmed, is no other nor greater than for the life «in£ whoip, of foch claimant only, there and in fuch cafe the commif-*c-(ball have fioners for execution of this aft (hall give the perfon or ^verfoi* perfons, againft whom fuch decree hath been made, or thofe fee ortwo^ who claim under them, his and their eleftion, whether they thirds in othef will accept the reverfion in fee of the lands fo incumbred lands pfcfently. with an eftate for life expeftant upon the determination of the faid eftate, in lieu of' their two third parts for the fame, or will rather chufe to have their full two third parts fet out and allotted to them prefently, out of fome other forfeited lands; and the commiffioners (hall give them certificates in order to their pafling of letters patents, either of the reverfion of the whole or of two third parts in pof-feffion, according as fuch eleftion (hall be made ; and where Certificates to the eftate in any mefluages, lands, tenements or heredita- be given accord-merits, recovered by any Iriih claimant by virtue of any “W* decree herein confirmed, is fuch an eftate in remainder or reverfion as will leave unto the perfon or perfons, againft whom fuch decree hath been made, an eftate for the Ufe of fome other perfon onely, the commiffioners for execution of thh aft (hall likewise give the perfon or perfons, againft whotxr fuCh decree hath beeta made* or thofo who claim where by fuch trader them, his or their eleftion, whether they will chufe recovery an ef-tb tontimle the pbfleflion of the whole land during the life \ztc 'of fnefi tforfon,' ahd -accept the eftate for life in the whole OBiy landln fatirfaftkm of one of the* third parts, which would in them, they 'o&etWife'be'dUe by the rules of (hi# sift, and demand no may chufe, &c*

:	^ tv	....	) l further

Digitized by

Augmentations of bifliop-ricks out of fee-farm lands held of them, as in former aft.

lands fettled upon arch-hi(hops and bifhops, as augmentations, to be Purveyed, fcc.

The /eventmutb and eight tenth Tears of Charles II. farther allotment of any other forfeited land, than what (hall be equal in quantity of acres to one third part only, or whether they would rather defire to have their two full third parts to be fet out and allotted prefently out of fome Other forfeited lands, and to relinquUh the potfefiion of that eftate which they hold for life ; and the commiifioners are to proceed to give certificates in order to letters patents, According to the confequcnce and event of foch election.

XXV.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore-faid. That the commiifioners for execution of this aft do forthwith, and with all convenient fpeed, fet out and allot, or caofc to be fet out and allotted, unto the archbifhops and bifhops, in the faid former aft in that behalf named re-fpeftively, and to their and every of their refpeftive fuc-ceflors for ever, fnch augmentations and allowances, and out of fuch lands as were formerly held, or reputed to be held, in fee-farm of any archbifhop, bilhop, dean, dean and chapter, or other ecclefiaftical perfon in his or their politick capacity, under the reservation of any chicfry* rent, or other duty or fervice, and in fuch way and manner as by the (aid former aft is dire tied and appointed.

XXVr. Provided always, and be it enafted, That where any manors, lands or tenements, not lying within the fe-enrity fet apart for the fatisfaftion of the com mi (Coned officers, whoferved in Ireland before the fifth of June one thoufand fix hundred and forty-nine, nor by the faid former aft, or this prefent aft, otherwife difpofed to any particular perfon or perfons, have been given and granted to any fuch

*	archbtfhop or bilhop, and his and their (uccefibrs, by virtue

*	of any letters patents under the great feal of Ireland, bearing date fince the paffing of the faid former aft, for or towards his and their refpeftive augmentations and allow-

' ances, that then and in fuch cafes the commUfioners for

*	execution of this aft, (hall caufe the lands fo granted as aforefaid to be Purveyed and valued ; and if, upon the return of fuch Purvey, it (hall appear that the lands fo granted as aforefaid do not exceed the value of fuch augmentations and allowances, as by the faid former aft were intended to be fettled upon the refpeftive archbifhops and bilhops, to whom fuch letters patents were granted, then the lands fo granted as aforefaid (hall be held and enjoyed by the feveral and refpeftive archbilhoDs, bifhops, and their fucceflori, according to the tenor of their refpeftive letters patents; and that the faid letters patents (hall be of like force and eflFeft as any other letters patents granted to adventurers or foldiers by virtue of this aft are or ought to be ; but if the lands fo granted as aforefaid (hall exceed the value of fuch augmentation, as by the faid former a& was intended to be fettled on the archbifhop or bilhop, to

Digitized by L^ooQle

ProvifWn for

The frventeenth and tightunth Titan •/ Charles II. whom the (aid lands were granted, then the commiffioners for execution of this ad (hall caofe inch retrenchment Of the overplus to be made, as may leave unto the refpediye archbiihopi and biihops his ana their due augmentations and allowances, with as much conveniency ana contiguity as may be, and the lands and tenements fo left unto the faid archbifhops and bilhops (hall be held and enjoyed by them and their fucceffors refpedively, as fully and amply as the fame might have been enjoyed, in cafe the lands granted by the laid letters patents had not exceeded the value intended by the faid former ad ; and the faid letters patents, as to fo much of the lands therein contained, which ihall be retrenched by the commiffioners as aforefaid, are hereby declared to be noli and void, and the landrfo retrenched ihall remain and be vefted in his ivlajeftie to the ufes of this prefent ad ; and if the lands fo granted as aforefaid (hall fall (hort of the value of fuch augmentations, as in and by the faid former ad was intended to be fettled, the commiffioners for execution of this ad (hall caufe the fame to be lupplied and made up by a further allotment out of fuch lands, and in fuch way and manner, as by the faid former ad was direded.

XXVII. And it is farther enaded. That in lieu of fuch

provifion for glebes, as by the (aid former ad was intended, in lbn of

the faid commiffioners (hall likewife fet out fo many acres of ^ndc,TbrTor-

land* more, as mav be fufficient to endow or lupply all mcr

and every the parochial churches in this kingdome with ten

acres of glebe at the lead (except fuch parochial churches

as are endowed with the lilce, or a greater quantity of glebe

already) and that the fame be fo allotted, as may be mod

contiguous and convenient to and for the feveral and re-

fpedive parifh churches hereby intended to be endowed;

in which provifion pantiles united or to be united by virtue United pv

of an ad, intituled. An a8 for real union and divifion of fifties by 14Be

farijbes, and concerning free fetoooh and exchanges, arc to tie *5 C. 2, to. but

underftood but as one parilh ; and parUhes within great “one

cities and walled towns are not at au intended to be com• ParUhesin

prehended; and the like care both for contiguity and con- uwnt r	.	'	,	.	.	.	,	•. 7	not compie-

vemency is to be had in the fettmg out of the augmenta- headed.

tions of the feveral archbifhopricks and bifhopricks, not already provided for as aforefaid, as far as may be, without the two great prejudice of the prefent potieflor, who is to be removed; and after the lands fet out for the feveral Commiffion-augmentations and glebes as aforefaid, the commiffioners ert to certify (hall certifie their proceedings to the lord lieutenant, or proceedings, other chief govetnour and council for the time being ; and in cafe the proceedings of the commiffioners (hall be there approved and allowed, then the lands, fet out for augmentations and glebes as aforefaid, (hall be and are hereby vefted and fettled refpedively in the feveral and refpedive

archbbbops

Digitized by LjOOQle

Forfeited fee farms and impropriations.

' ifl iirn i., * t

^ ‘Itehhprtpri-adopt 'veftcd in mdniibents, fubje^to refer-vauon, Mfc. in former a A.

s hears time

•limited.

Conveyances by bifliops of augmentation^ except for 2t years or 3 live*

mentemdnf, at# whereon a

full moiety of improved rent as now worth tefervcd, void.

.11 i	. *...............

The Jeventeenth and Eighteenth Tears of Charles IL archbifhops Mid bifhops and incumbents of parochial churches, and their fucceffors for ever, and. letters patents thereof are to be patted to them, and their refpeftive fucceffors, in like manner as is direfteddn the cafes of adventurers and fouldiers, and to be of like effeft, fubjeft nevefthdefs to the quit-rents hereafter mentioned, and no other.

XXVIII.	And to the end the revenues of the church may be more fpeedily fettled; be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the lands held, or reputed to be held, in foe-farm of any archbi&op or biftiop,. dean, dean and chapter, or other ecclefiattical perfon in his or their politick capacity, and by this aft vetted in his Majettje, and the feveral impropriations forfeited to, and by thefo prefents vetted in his Majeftie, (hall be permitted to remaine and continue in the potfettioa of the feveral archbifhops, biihops and other incumbents, until the feveral. and refpec-ttve augmentations, endowments and glebes fet out andSatisfied as aforefaid ; and/rpm and. after the.augmentations Satisfied, the refidoe of.the lands held in fee-farm as aforefaid (hall remain fubjeft to the ufes of the former aft, not Changed by this-aft, and to fuch other ufes as in this aft att limkted and appointed ; and all and every the impropriations or appropriate tythea vetted in his Majettie by thefo prefonts, or otherwife efeheated to his Majeftie in right of his crown, and by the faid former aft vetted and fettled in the prefent and future incumbents and their foc-ceffors, {hall likewifo remain and be. vetted .in the prefent and future incumbents, and their fucceffors, fubjeft never-thelefs to fuch refervations, provifoes, conditions, exceptions and other limitations, authorities, and difoofitions, as by the faid former aft the fame were made iubjeft onto, fo alwayes that all and every the matters and things which by the former aft were limitted and appointed to be done, within the fpace of two years from and after the. patting of the faid aft, be likewifo done within the fpace of two years from and after the patting of this pcefont aft,

XXIX.	And be it farther enafted by the authority aforesaid, That all gifts, grants, feoffments, hues and ocher conveyances hereafter to be made .by any archbiftop or <biftiop of any mannors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, ‘which by virtue of or in purfuance of this or the faid former aft, intituled. An AQ for the better execution of bit Majeftie?s gracious declaration for the fettlement of his kingdom of Jre hand, and fatiifa&ion cf the feveral interefts of adventurers* fittidiers -and other his fubic&s there* have already beeq, or hereafter (hall be granted unto or fettled upon anyarchbiihopor bitt&op and his fucceffors, as an augmentation of the revenue of fuch archbittioprick or bittippriok {efpe&ixeiy,. other than the term of twenty-one years, or three lives from fuch

time

- :ed by LjOOQle

The /eventtenth and eighteenth Years of Charles II.	23

time aa any fuch leafe, grint or afluranee (hall begin, and A. D. Whereupon the full moyety of the yearly value'and im- 1665. proved rent, as the fame are now worth to be let, lhall be Chap, a, referved and payable during the faid term of twenty-one years, {hall be utterly void and of none effect to all interns	*

and purpofes ; this adi, or any other ad, law, cuftom or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXX. And the commiffioners for execution of this ad 300I. p*r «*«. r{hall likewife fet out, or caufe to be fet out, fo many more far provoft of acres of profitable land as may be of the yearly value of^ nni*y college, .three hundred pounds per ann. or may be fufficient to anfwer and fecure a yearly rent charge of three hundred pounds per ann. to be ifluing out of the fame, to the intent the fame may be a perpetual revenue for the fupport and maintenance of the provoft of Trinity college near Dublin, and his fuccelfors, and be fetded upon the faid provoft of Dublin and his fucceflors, in fuch way and in fuch manner . as the lord lieutenant, or other chief govemour or gover-notirs of Ireland and council for the time being, fh'all di-red ; and the commiffioners (hall likewife fet out, or caufe to be fet out, io many more acres of profitable lands, as may be of the yearly value of three hundred pounds, or 300I for Cup* may be fufficient to anfwer and fecure a yearly rent-charge P®*1 of ..of thiec hundred pounds per annum, to be ifluing ou^	his

the lame, to the intent the fame may be a perpetual revenue heirs, ervf by , for and towards the fupport and maintenance of the fort at 23&24G*3«j.

. Duncannon, and be fettled for that purpofe in fuch way	,

and manner as the lord lieutenant, or other chief govemour , orgovernours and council for the time being, (hall direct ;

' and in the fetting out of the faid lands the commiffioners {hall not be obliged to proceed by any rules of contiguitie, but onely to take care that the value intended be fecured; and the commiffioners (hall likewife fet out, or caufe to be « fet out, fo many acres more of profitable lands, as may be

*	4ft*.

V* UUV UUIIUIVU jpvillh\*9 jetf M/I/IM//9) IV VV AlJkUltlg VUW VJ lug

4. fome, to the intent the fame may be a perpetual revenue'

. for the corporation of Bandon hridge, and their fucceflors,

. and be granted to them by letters patents in fuch manner

a* Other letters patents are herein after directed ; neverthe- Tp retrench .. left if any lands have been already fet out for that purpofe, or inueafelands . the commiffioners are to caufe the fame to be valued, and already fet out. ... tp retrench fo much thereof as (hall exceed; the value Of One hundred pounds per annum, and if the whole fall (hort of .. that'Yalo*, to qaufe 'the fame to be fupplyed by further . allotments as aforefaid.

JCXXI,. And be it further enabled by the authority afore- o$cers before j firidi That the prpteftant commiffioned officers who were in ,64* and ^ rcgimcntij troops* or poinpanies raifed in Ireland, or tran- others, and John

fported

Digitized by kjOOQle

Bartkt and

The Jevmttenib mi eighteenth Tears ef Charles U. (ported oat of England, and ferved his Majeftie or hia royal father before the fifth day of June one thoufand fix hundred forty nine, and are not excluded by die (aid former ad, and all others mentioned and intended by the (aid former ad to be fatisfied equally and together with the fiud heir* of Thomas commiffioned officers out of the fame fecurity, who received Bartlet, con- no lands or money for their pay due unto them for their ^rme m lands, £^4 fcrvicc> their heirs, executors, affignee or affignes, and alfo John Bartlet, and the heirs of Thomas Bartlet, their heirs and affignes, (hall hold and enjoy, and be continued, and confirmed in all and fingular the mefioages, mannors, land, tenements and hereditaments, not already decreed away by the com miflioners for execution of the faid former ad, and in the benefit arifing from the redemption of mortgages, ftatutes and judgments, and in all other the benefits and advantages whatfoever arifing or accruing unto them by any daufe in the faid former ad contained, other than the year’s rent and the year and half’s rent therein mentioned, which rents are herein after otherwife fatisfied and discharged.

XXX11. And it is hereby explained, declared and en-of the words in aded, that thefe words, 49 the benefits arifing from the fonnersd(bo- « redemption of mortgages, ftatutes ftaple and judgements, nefits from the « whcre the lands are not already dilpofed of to advea-mortgagor &c. M ta*ers or fouldiers,” ihall be underftood and expounded, where the lands and fo are hereby adjudged to be meant and intended of not already dik all benefits of that nature, which on the two and twentieth * P0^ to_t~Tcn" of October one thoufand fix hundred forty and one, or at any time fince, were belonging to any Iriih papift or Roman catholick, not already dedared innocent by the commif-fioners for execution of the faid former ad, although the lands were not actually fequeftered (faving and refer ving as herein after is faved and referved) and that the commiffioners for execution of this ad (hall caufe all and every their fe-curhies for fetisfadion of fuch arrears arifing by the faid former ad, or this prefent ad, to be equally diyided and bated uipropocw diftnbuted amongft all and every the (aid commiffianed tion to arrears. officers and other the perfons aforefaid, and the heirs, executors, affignee or affignes of fuch commiffioned officers, and other the perfons aforefaid, according to the proportion of their refpedive arrears ftated or appointed to be ftated by this* ad 3 and therein care is principally to be taken, that fuch officers who ferved before the fifth of tion to be made ]unc onc thoufand fix hundred forty and nine, and have yet to frid perfons. f^d n0 fatisfadion for their fervice in land or money, their heirs, executors, affignee or affignes, may be fatisfied in in.6d *n£. the firft place after the rate of twelve (hillings and fix to officers before pencc jn the pound, if the fame will fo far extend 3 and if ulofvmSds*thcrc be found any furplus, then the fame (hall be ’ equally diftributed amongft all the officers who ferved before

the

diers.)

r fob*

Securities equally diftri-

Manner in which fatisfac-

Dj( i-ed —. Google

if lands dif-

Tbe /event tenth and eighteenth Tears of Charles Hi the fifth of Jane one thoufand fix hundred forty and nine, and have any arrears doe to them, as well thofe who have formerly had fansfaftion in part, as thoie who have yet had no fatisfa&ion, and amongft the refpedive heirs, executors and affigns of foch officers; and that all and every the refpedive fecurides herein before mentioned (hall be forth* with put out of charge withoot any fees to be therefore paid in order to the diftribution aforefaid, and until fuch diftribution made (hall be managed for the benefit of the perions herein concerned, by fuch perfons as in the faid former act is directed; and in caie any lands or houfes within any of the fecurides aforefaid (hall by any particular claufe in this ad be difpofed onto, or fettled upon,

any perfon or perions not being a commiffioned officer as_____

aforefaid, nor having the fame in fatisfa&ion of arrears pofcd by this due for Service before the fifth-. of June one thoufand fix*&» repnfaii* hundred forty and nine, or by way of confirmation of fomeothcr claufe in the former adt, the commiffioners for executiontmBm of this adt ihall fet apart fo much other forfeited land as may be fufficient to reprife the (aid commiffioned officers for fuch lofs and damage as they ihall fultain by fuch claufe, that fo the faid fecurides may remain and conunue to and for the benefit of all perfons therein concerned, as full and ample as the lame would have been by virtue of this ad, if fuch particular claufes or difpofiuons had never been had nor made; and the commiffioners fhall caufe the diftribution Diftrflmtion of lands and houfes within the fecurity of the faid officers«rter«dia to be fairly entred in books, as is before dire&ed in the**00"* fettlement of adventurers and fouldiers, to the end that fuch perfons, who (hall be fettled in any of the refpedive fecurides, may be enabled to demand letters patents of the houfes, lands and tenements, rights of redemption,10 fums of money, and other the pmnmes which (hall be allotted to them for their proportion, which is hereby enacted (hall be granted accordingly, and (hall be good and effe&ual in law, according to the tenor and purport of the fame, but fubjed to the quit-rents of eighteen pencejer annum to be paid to his Majcftie, his heirs and fucceflors quit-rents of for every twenty (hillings, which any houfe, orchard or iSd. every sos. garden-plot within the fecurity aforefaid is worth to be let *c. according to the faid former ad, and to fuch other quit-rents as any of the land within the faid fecurity ought by virtue of the (aid former ad, or this prefent ad, to be charged with; laving nevertjiclefs to all and every the	to	^

archbifiiops, biihops, and other the minifters of the church, church forfeited fuch right, benefit and advantage of, in and to the forfeited houfes in cities, houfes in cities, walled towns and coiporations, as in and by the faid former ad is given, the (aid houfes to be fet out by the commiffioners for execution of this ad.

XXXUL And

Digitized by boogie

Houfe, *c.

EwfifeatJoii

of hiacfit of ■forfeit air i*by falfecertificate*.

*Yhe fourteenth and eighteenth Tears of Charles H.

XXXIII.	Aitd be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, 'That the hoafe choferi by Edward lord bifhopof Limerick, .in the city of Limerick, and fetout to him forfeven years

according to the. ad of fettlement, together with that (mail wafte plot of ground, and two ruinous tenements in Limerick an* thereon, , which the prelent bilhop thereof now rents of the to ever aw a^ tru^ecs at twenty (hillings fer annum, lying on the backfide sninfon'houfe hf the faid dwelling houle equal with the front thereof, to the bilhop. down to the highway adjoyning to the wall of the faid citjr,

; being from the faid back-fide in length threefcore and fix ; yards, and in breadth twenty and nine yards, be annexed unto the fee of Limerick for ever, and be a manfion houfe for William the prefent bilhop thereof and his * fucccffors.

XXXIV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, that the benefit and advantage of all forfeitures by falfe certificates (hall be in the firft place applyed to, and for the fatisfaftion of, the perfons aforefaid, who ought to be fatisfied twelve (hillings and fix pence in the pound, until twelve (hillings fix pence in the pound be folly fatis-

’ fied, in cafe the fecurities aforefaid thall not be fufiicient for that purpofe, and after twelve (hillings and fix pence in die pound folly fatisfied to the perfons aforefaid, then the whole benefit of the faid forfeitures (hall be and remain, and fliall be applied, unto fuch ufes, intents and purpofes as in and by the faid former aft was appointed, fo as the ' faid falfe certificates be found out and diicovered within three months after the palling of this prefent aft.

Explanation XXXV. And whereas by the faid former aft fuch officers' astofetiafa&ion or their affignes, who (hall purchafe any houfes, lands, tc-toimprovc- nements or hereditaments within any corporation, are en-^mCTirrinyorpo* j0ynej to give fecurity to fatisfie fuch as by virtue of any leafe or coutraft for leafe have built or improved any houte or garden, either in money, or elfe by granting to fuch perlon or perfons a leafe at a rent proportionable to the faid improvement, lb as the faid proportion exceed not a ' fifth part of the value the fame are worth to be fould, ‘meflufiges built from the ground onely excepted: be it enafted and explained by the authority aforefaid, that no . perfon or perfons (hall be admitted to have any f&tisfaftion or iecurity for his or their improvements, who upon leafes or . contrafts for leafes, made before his Majeftie’a happy ref-, tauration, were bound to make fuch improvements, and have aftually enjoyed the faid houfes, lands and tenements during the full time and term of years for which they did contraft and agree as aforefaid ; any thing in this or the faid former, aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

Papift, or per- . XXXVI. And to the end that all and every the houfes fon not taking in corporations, being part of the aforefaid fecorities, may the oaths, not to ^ways COntintfe in the hands of Engliftr and proteftant

fobjefts

Digits ' by LjOOQie

2 Amu 6.

The feventeentb and eighteenth Tears of Charles II. fubjefts as near as may be ; it is farther enafted by the authority aforefaid, that no pa pi ft or popifh recufant (hall be admitted to purchafe any of the houics in corporations from the commiffioners for execution of this aft, nor any other perfpn or perfons but fuch who (hall take the oaths of alle- purchafe houie» giance and fupremacy ; which oaths any of the faid com- w corporations, iniiBoners or any juttice of peace hath hereby power to ad- wltllout hccnce. minifter, without the licence and leave of the lord lieutenant or other chief govemour or governours in Ireland, and council there by aft of council firft had and obtained ; and further that no commiffioned officer who ferved before the fifth of June one thoufand fix hundred forty and nine, nor the heir, executor, affignee or affignes of fuch com-miflioned officer, or other perfon to whom any of the houfes within the faid fecurity ihall be allotted, or (hall hereafter come, (hall fet, grant, alien, demife, leafe, or otherwife difpofe any houfe or houfes within the fecurity aforefaid to any papift cr popilh recufant, or perfon re-fufing the oaths of allegiance and fupremacy as aforefaid, without licence aforefaid, under paine of forfeiture of double the value of every fuch houfe fo conveyed or difpofed as aforefaid ; one moyety thereof to the king’s Majeftie. his heirs and fucceflbrs, the other moyety to him or them that will fue for the fame; to be recovered by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of the lour Courts of record at Dublin, wherein no elToign, proteftion, nor wager of law to be admitted, nor any more than one imparlance ; and the faid houfes and lands in corporations, toge- Said houfes ther with the fumm of one hundred thoufand pounds herein- diftnlmted, to-after mentioned, are with all poffible expedition to be diftri- o^wfoon buted by the committioners for execution of this aft accord- ^ poffible. ing to the rules aforefaid, that ,fo the daily mine and decay of the faid houfes may be prevented as foon as it is pol-fible.

XXXVII. And whereas the lord lieutenant and council Order of of this your Majeftie’s kingdom have, at the humble fuite council 12 Jan. of feveral of the faid officers, conceived an order bearing ^^forftating date ac the coancil board of Dublin the twelfth of January one thoufand fix hundred fixty and tnree/wherein they have confirmed, &c. fet down feveral rules and direftions for the Hating the arrears of the feveral armies, which wereiinployed in the fer-vice of your factcd Majeftie, or your royal father of bleff-ed memorie in your warrs in Ireland, before the fifth of June one thoufand fix hundred forty* and nine; which order, by reafon of the flJbrtneft fef the time limittcd for Hating the faid arrears, and ifluin£ debenture^'unto thfe faid officers, would not be pun6tually obferved by your Majeftie’s com-miilioners appointed for execution of the faid aft: be it ; therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the faid 1 order, bearing date a? cforefaid, ihall be and ia hereby

enafted

Digitized by

Google

To lord Mount! ath, of 6,oool. for Service before 1649.

end to lord Conway fatia-fa&ion ior arrears.

aa if faid order not made.

Maritime towns and places of ftreogth put into fit hands,

The King*a fetters to that porpofe, that' lord Rofcam-mon and lord Orrery fhoold be firlt fatisfied of the forfeited houfes in Lime< rich.

Tbs frventuwth and tightunib Tsars of Charles II. ena&ed in as full and ample manner as if the fame were particularly fet down and recited in this a£t; and the com-miffioners appointed or to be appointed for the execution of this ad, are hereby ^authorized and required, before they proceed to the giving oat of any fatisfadion ■ for any arrears of pay due unto any of the faid officers or their affigns, to take care that all the accompts of the faid officers be made conformable unto the rules and diredions of the faid order, notwithfhmding the debentures iffued as aforefaid ; and that all dedudions, by the faid order appointed to be made, be made accordingly ; which being done the faid commiffioners are to proceed to the fetring oat of fatisfadion to the faid officers or their affigns, purluant to the rules of this ad and the faid order, and not other-wife ; faving to Charles late earl of Monntrath, his executors and affienes, the benefit of fix thonfand pounds doe for fervice before the fifth of Tune one thoufand fix hundred forty and nine, which is hereby declared (hall be fatisfied and paid out of the fecuritks aforefaid equally and in Uke proportion to and with any other pcrfcms who are to be Satisfied their arrears, and have yet received no (atisfadkm for the fame ; any thing ip the faid order of the twelfth of January or herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding ; faving alfo unto Edward lord vifeount Conway and Kilulta, the fatisfa&ion of fuch arrears as are due to him for his own fervice, or for his father’s fervice in Ireland, before the fifth of June one thoufand fix hundred forty and nine, in fuch manner and form as the fame ought to have been fatisfied, if no fuch order had been made oy the lord lieutenant and cofindl upon the twelfth of January one thoufand fix hundred and fixty three ; any thing in the faid order or in this a& to the contrary notwith-fhnding.

XXXVIII. And whereas your Majeftie, taking into yoor princely consideration of how great importance it is to the iecurity, peace and good fettlement of this your kingdom of Ireland, that the maritime towns and other places of flrength (hould be put into fuch hands as are capable to carry on the plantation and fettlement of thofe places, whereby the further ruin of the houfes in thofe towns will be prevented, and commerce and trade recovered, to the great increafe of your Majeftie’s revenue, was gracioofly pleafed by one or more letters under your royal fignature to direft and appoint that Wentworth earl of Rmcommon, and Roger earl of Orrery, fhould have the priviledge of preemption, and be firft fatisfied out of the forfeited houfes of your Majefiie’s city of Limerick ; be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid, That Wentworth earl of Rof-common, and Roger earl of Orrery, their heirs and affigns, in the diflribution and Jetting forth of the fecurity appointed

for

Digitized by

Tbe fevenieentb and eighteenth Tears of Charles If.	29

for the fatisfadion of the arrears of the commiffioned of- A. D. ficers who ferved your Majefty and your royal father in 1665. Ireland, before the fifth of June one thoufand fix hundred Chap 2. forty and nine, (hall have the preference and primer fatis-fadion of fifty thoufand pounds of their own perfonal ar- They arc to rears, or other arrears purchafed by them out of the for- have the prefcr-feited houfes, lands, tenements and hereditaments in lhe	^fa"

city, fuburbs and liberties of Limerick, which are part of 50,000!T&c. the (aid fecurides, at the rate of eight years purchafe, as they are or Ihoukl be found to be really and bona fide worth; and if any doubt or difficulty (hould arife concerning the if doubt as to value of the faid houfes or lands, (b as the truftees for the v»h»e, * faid officers (hall not be fadsfied with the return already {myeT-made of the value of the fame, that in fuch cafe, upon the defire and requeft of the faid truftees, there (hall be a new furvey and valuation of the faid town and liberties, by fuch perfons as (hall be appointed by your Majeftie’s commif-fioners for the execution of this ad, by and with the confent of the faid truftees; according to which return the faid houfes, lands, tenements and hereditaments are to be fold, and not otherwife 5 and in cafe the faid earls, their heirs debentures and affigns, or any of them, (hall offer unto your Majeftie’s offcrca by &id faid commiffioners for the execution of this ad any deben- earls accepted, tures of officers, who ferved as aforefaid before the fifth of June one thoufand fix hundred forty and nine, for or in part of payment for all, or fo much of fo much of the faid houfes and premiffes as (hall be valued to be worth fifty thoufand pounds as aforefaid, the fame (hall be allowed, and the faid commiffioners are hereby authorized and required to accept and receive the fame for all or in part of the (aid fifty thoufand pound, fo as the faid debentures are capable of prior fatisfadion, and there has been fuch dedodious and defalcations made as are direded by this ad and the faid former ad, and (hall not be excepted to (atisfie more in the pound than the whole fecurity will hold out-to (atisfie the debentures of the reft of the faid officers; and the faid commiffioners are alfo required and authorized Commiffioners to give fuch certificate as is neceffary for the paffing of to S’ve certifi-patents thereof, according to the rules in this ad.	cates for	patents.

XXXIX. And be it further enaded by the authority pIotcftant aforefaid. That all and every the p:.teftants, who before pni-chafe^hc-the firft day of September one thoufand fix hundred and fore 1 sept, fixty three, purchafed lands in the province of (Jonnaght in >on* or county of Clare, from any tranfplanted or tranfolantable Qaffci^ med perfon, and the heirs, executors, affignee or aflWnes of^^o th^? loch proteftant purchafor, (hall hold and enjoy, and be con-‘ turned and confirmed in fuch two third parts of all and fingular the lands, tenements and hereditaments fo by taem purchafed as aforefaid, whereof they are now in pofieffion, which by the commiffioners for the execution of this ad

(hall

6

Digitized by

Tht fev*0tt*tb a*4 eighteenth Yuurt tf duties II. fliall be allotted to them, and (hall hold the fame for and during fach refpeftive eftates as were purchafcd, frged and difchafged from all penalties and forfeitures, and all inquiries or qualifications whacfoever, and of and from all htnfrpm pe- eftates titles and ipterefts, claims or demands, as fully Wfc and amply as any adventurer or fouldier ought to enjoy his To he entered or their full two third parts herein before expreffed; and tbat the cQmmiffipncrs for execution of this aft do proceed faM€t*9 Vg* with all expedition poffible to the fetting out of the two thirds, and canfe the fame to be entred in books in like manner as is before pyefcribcd in the fettlement of adventurers and fouldiers, tp the end that the perfons concerned in the faid two thirds and their fettlemqnt thereupon may be enabled tp demand letters patents thereof, in like manner as any adventurer or fouldier may demand for his part, which is hereby enafted fliall be granted accordingly, and be as cfleftnal to the ryfpeftive perfons therein mentioned to all intents and pprppfe* as any letters patents granted to any adventurer or fouldier in purfuance of this aft are Or Benefit of im-ought to be ; neverthelef* it is hereby declared, that the 10 ^ fettled as aforefaid fliall have the benefit of sedfiOdicn.01	tctpeS&f.c	improvements	as	neer	as	may	be, and

fliall have like liberty and advantage in retrenchment of that third part which they are to relinqaiih, and upon like terms and conditions as the adventurers and fonldiers are to have in the retrenchment of that part of their pofTef-fions which (hall exceed their full two third parts, and Retrenchment whatever {hall be fo retrepcht from the faid pfoteliant pur* in the King. chafors, or from any adventurer or fouldier, his or their heirs, executors, adminiflrators or affignes, fhall remain in his Majqftie, his heirs and fucceflors, to the ufes herein Where evided before and after mentioned j and where any of the lands fo h7 decree, Ac. purchased have been evifted by any decrees herein after to he^aUotred confirmed, or fliall be given pr reftored to any perfon or perfons by any fpecial c|aufe or provifo herein contained, the commifioncrs for execution of this aft fhall fet put, and allot, unto the perfon prejudiced by fuch decree or claufe, fo much other forfeited land as may be equal in quantity of acres to two third parts of the lands fo evifted or reftored as aforefaid : and it is likewife further declared and enafted, that the perfons to be fettled in Connaught and Clare as aforefaid, and from whom a third part is to' be retrencht and cut off as aforeffid, (hall be and are hereby difpharged from art rent 0f and from the year’s, rept rqferyed anil paid “by Charles in former a& *arl of Mountrath apd Others, in.a particular claufe m the faid fonncrxfft.mendoped, *ftd p( apd from all jhc arrearages thereof*

Repnlalsnot XL. <Aod be.it further ffPAfted by the authority aforefaid, more than two That neither adventurer pr .fouldier, cpmmiflioned officer,

, who,	before the fifth pfjjipe ope ^afopd jixTuro-

w dred

equal to two turds.

Difcharged

Digitized by

Google

Wenept Joke*

Yhe jtv ent tenth and eighteenth Yeart of Charted!!, dred forty and nine, proteftant purcbafor in Connaughr and Clare, tranfplanted perfon, nor the heirs, executors, affignee or aifignes of them or any of them, nor any other perfon or perfons, body politick or corporate, who by the faid former a ft of fettlement is or are any way intituled to reprizals for or in refpeft of fome pofTeffion which they have quitted, or of fome decrees which have been made againft them, or otherwife, (hall at any time hereafter be enabled to demand or have the fame reprifals, further than what will amount to his and their full two third parts as aforefaid, but (hall be thereof for ever bared and excluded ; any thing in the faid former aft to the contrary notwithftanding, (his royal rfighnefs James duke of York, his grace George duke of Albemarle, and fuch others herein after mentioned according to the provifion herein after made onely ex-cepted.)

XLI. And be it further enabled by the authority afore- Compounders faid. That no adventurer or fouldier, nor the heir, cxe-cutor, affignee or aflignes of any adventurer or fouldier, creeofinno-who before any decree of innocence made by the commif cence (hall not fioners for execution of the faid aft, did by himfelfe or any have two thirds. Other direftly or indireftly compound or agree with any Irith claimant, whofe claime was then depending before the faid commiflioners, fhall ever be admitted to receive or have his two third parts, or any other fatisfaftion for that part of his eftate which be fo compounded or agreed for, but as to fo much of his eftate for which any agreement was made as aforefaid, {hall be for ever barred and excluded to if comp^on demand his two third parts, as if the perfon fo agreeing (hewn tocom-had never been feized or poflefled of the fame, or intituled mifl]oner» mj thereunto, fo as fuch compofition or agreement be made	after

to appear before the commiflioners for execution of this ““ aft, within three monthes after their firft fitting.

XL II. And for the better improvement and afeertaining i^mit fequef-of his Majeftie’s revenue, be it further enafted by the tered on account authority aforefaid, That all lands, by this or the former of the rebellion aft veiled in his Majeftie, or reftored by virtue of any «d not excepted decrees herein after confirmed or fettled, or mentioned to be difpofed, Teftored, confirmed or fettled unto or upon daufe, (except any perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, by vir- of duke and dp-tue of any dauie in this or the faid former aft contained, and of Or-not particularly by plain and'exprefs words excepted from	*c’t

quit-rents in the fame claufe, and the lands by this aft ap-.r«Ksas^far-<poioted to be fet out for aqgmcntation of bimopricks, for mer*&; endowment of parochial churches with glebe, for the better fopport of the provoft or of the provoit and fcUowes of the colicdge of Dublin, for the maintenance of the fort at Doncannon, and the benefit of the corporation at Bandon brklg, and all die lands enjoyed by uanfplanted , perfons ia ike province of Cdnftaught or the county t>f Clare, and

Digitized by LjOOQie

7%t Jevemteeutb and eighteenth Tears of Charles It. all other the lands fcized, fequeftered or fet out by reafon of or upon account of the late rebellion or war (the lands of James duke of Ormond, Elizabeth lady dutchefs of Ormond, the earl of Burlington and Cork, the earl of Rofcommon, and of other the proteftants of Ireland, heretofore fequeftred, oqely except’d) be fubjed and liable to fuch quit rents to be paid unto his Majeftie, his heirs and fucceiTor*, as in the former ad is direded and appointed;

Lands in Ul- faving only that the lands in the province of Ulfter, which fter, charged by the former ad were charged with one penny the acre with 2d per quit-rent, (hall be and are hereby charged from henceforth with two pence the acre quit r^nt.

Chiefgnver-	XUII. Ne?erthelefs becaufe it may fo fall out, that in

boss and council fome counties and baronies of this kingdom the quit rents, nuy during s which by the rules of this ad will be chargeable upon and yean moderate yru*ing oot 0f the lands therein lying, may exceed or at 1 aft amount to the full value of the land therewith charged, or very neer the full value, to the great difcour-agement of all plantation and improvement thereupon : be it therefore enaded by the authority aforelhid, that it (hall and may lawful! to and for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governour or govemours and council for the time being, at any time during the fpace of three years from and after the p; fling of this prefent ad, to make fuch abatement and moderation of auit>rents, as they in their judgements (hall think fit; and that foch order of council as (hall be made touching the abatement of quit-rents, and enrolled in the court of Exchequer, (hall be as good and efFe&ual as if the fame had been enaded by thefe pre-fents ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

XL1V. And for the i>etter carrying on of this prefent fettlement, by railing fuch a fum of money as may be fufficient to by off teveral eftates and interefts, which by virtue of the faid former ad are now in being, and if they (hould be ftridly challenged and demanded according to the tenor of the faid ad, would in a great meafure delay and hinder the execution of this prefent ad, be it further •ne year’s rent enaded by the authority aforefaid, that one year’s rent of of land* of irifh all the lands in Ireland, which were returned by the civil papifts, as let in furVey to belong to any Iriih papift, popi(h recufant or othtV laod ^on- ^oman catholick, according to the values of the fame lands firmed to adven- were let at in the year one thoufand fix hnndred fifty and curertorfoidiers nine, and of all other the lands wherein any adventurer or (except thofe of fouldier, his heirs, executors or affigns, hath any benefit Erafmu* Smith cf fettlement or confirmation by virtue of this prefent ad, be paid*at two° (the land* foiled by Erafmus Smith to any pious or charita-payments, ble ufe onely excepted) be forthwith railed and paid unto the receivers hereinafter conftituted and appointed, by two even and cqua. pa\ ments, the firft payment thereof to begin

. upon

i

Digitized by v^ooQle

Jhttltofxtb	Y$mrs Chaifes H.	|f

Ike irft day of February, wbidh (heft be in the yea* A. IX of our I*4frd on* thoufand fix hundred fbcty sad five, the 1^65. fireend‘payment to be open the firft day Of February, which Chap. a. Mi be in the year of our Lord1 one thoafand fix hundred fixtjr and fix* under the ptaaky following, that is to fay*

Ovary pcrfati liable to the payment of any part of the fad

years rents, tad making default aid failing to pay the

false fay the fpaoe of twenty after any the days and

times wherein the fame ought to be paid, ft)all be charge*

able tad is hereby charged with double the fum which on penalty of

ought to have been paid as aforefaid* to be lend by pro- doob^

ecu oat of his M^eftk’s court of Exchequer, in like manner the reim where?

as any the rents, whereof the laid earl of Ottcjj and lord 0f lords Orrery

Msffareen were appointed receivers by the faid former aft* and Maffareen

might have been levied 5 and if need Jo require, like courfe appointed re-

is to be taken far the ascertaining of the value of lands ceivcrt*

ebarged with the find year’s rent, and of returning the

fame info the Exchequer, to remain and be a charge upon

tecordi as in and by‘the faid former aft in cafe of the laid

other tehe therein fee tired was appointed; and the receivers fteceirers to

hereinafter appointed are to accompt for and pay onto account to vice*

Arthur carle of Angfafev vke*treafurer of Ireland, or totreafUlcr s

the viee-treafarcr of Ireland far the time being, ail and

every the film* of money by them to be received; never- s“m* fon»*rly

thekrfs k is hereby declared and ena&ed, that all and every

the fams of money formerly paid to the earl of Orrery and Maftreen al*

lard vice-count Maffarcen, in purfuance of the faid farmer lowed in dif.

ad, (hall be allowed to the perfon and perfons fa paying and two

the fame, his and their heirs, executors and afligns, in full 7f*” **“*•

difeharge of fa much of the rent payable by this aft as the ^former

mooeys fa as aforefaid paid do or mall amount unto, and the difeharged.

two half years rents payable to the laid earl of Orrery and

lord vice-count Maftereen by any adventurer and faukiier^

their heirs, executors or aligns, by virtue of the faid for*

nter ad, (hall be and art hereby from henceforth difrharged ;

and in cafe the moneys to be raifed as aforefaid (hall fall IPitfallilhdrt*

(hart of the famm of three hundred thoufand pounds, then >°6»ooo!.,t)d

it fiudl and may be lawful to and for the lord lieutenant or

other chief governour and council there for the time being, to up

to tax and afiefa upon all the lands in Ireland, fa much more fame.

money, as together with what hath been before raifed and

allowed by virtue of this ad, (hall make up the full and

juft famm of three hundred thoufand pounds ftirling, and

to caofa the fame to be afleffed, diftributed, raifed, and

levied by fuch ways and meanes as they (hall think fit,

obfervmg therein ail the equality aod indiferency that'tan

be; and Arthur earl of Angicfay, vice-treafurer of Ireland, Vicc-tmfurer

or tfie vice-treaftiref far the time being, is hereby requiredt0 P*y thereout

and enfoyned to pay or caofa to be paid out of the moneys 5?.’°™

tnbe received aa. aforefaid unto-foe- King’s Majefise the *'

Vie. II.	C	fuma

Digitized by (^ooQle

54	frvtmtuntb	nnd gigbtttntb Years of Charles II.

A. D. fernm of fifythoafand pounds, and alfo onto and amongft 1665. foch coaimimoned officers who ferved before the fifth of Chap. 2. June one thoufand fix hundred forty and nine, and have not yet received any (atisfadion in lands or money, and ioo,oool. amongft the heirs, executors and affigns of fuch comnuf-1 amoneft the	fionea officers, and other perfons entitled to be fadsfied

fieeri before	within their fecurity, fuch fums of money as the commit

»otrefWrecer?ed fi°ner# fo* execution of this ad, having refped to the latisbdiGn, arrears already flated, (hall by any warrant under their hands and feals, or the hands and feals of the major part of them, dired and appoint, until the whole fom of on# hundred thoofand pounds (hall be folly fatisfied and paid; and the warrant or warrants under the hands and feals of the faid commiffioners or the major part of them, together with the acquittance or acquittances of the party or parties who (ball receive any money thereupon, (hall be unto the faid vice-treafurer a fufficient discharge for fo much as the In lieu of the	acquittances	extend unto ; which faid hundred thoo-

andhalfsrent ^an<^ pounds, fo as afbrefaid appointed to be paid, is hereby declared to be in lieu and recompence of and in full fatisfadion for the years rent payable out of the lands of thofe fouldiers, who had lands fet out for their arrears in the year one thoufand fix hundred fifty and three, and the year and halfs rent payable by thofe other fouldiers, who had lands ferout for their arrears in the years one thoufand fix hundred fifty and five, one thoufand fix hundred fifty and fix, one thoufand fix hundred fifty and feven, one *	thoufand fix hundred fifty and eight, and one thoufand fix

hundred fifty and nine 5 the payment of which faid rents (hall from henceforth ceafe and determine, and the perfons and eftates, therewith charged or chargeable by the faid former ad, fha.ll be and are hereby thereof for ever acquitted and difeharged.

5o,oeol. to XLV. And whereas feveral claufes in his Majefties gra-the duke of Or- rious declaration of the thirtieth of November, in the ' ?. uof twelfth year of his reign, and in the former ad, do intide rdfcs Vs0**” his grace James duke of Ormond and the lady dutchefs his y	wife to great quantities of forfeited lands in the counties of

Catherlagb, Galloway, Waterford, Dublin, Kildare, Meath, Cork, Kerry, Kilkenny and Tipperary, and other places, and if the fame were extended to the utmoft would greatly obftrud and hinder the fettlement now intended: be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the full fum of fifty thoufand pounds ftcrling be payd out of the moneys aforefaid, unto his faid grace James duke of Ormond, qpw lord lieutenant of Ireland, his executors, sdromifiraters or affignes which the faid, vico-treafurer is hereby require! and enjoined to pay or caufe to be paid out of the moneys aforelaid unto his (aid grace, or unto fuch other perfgn or' perfons as his grace (hall appoint;

J	.	,	which

Digitized by L.ooQle

The /eventtenth tenet eighteenth Tears of Quotes II*	3$

which is hereby declared to be in lien and recompence of A- JD. and in full fati*faction for all fuch forfeited and forfeitable <665* eft ales, titles, interefts, claims or demands in or to any Chap. a. mannors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, mediately or immediately held, as of any of the manners of the laid (hike or the lady dutchefs of Ormond his wife, or heretofore granted by his grace, or any of his aoceftprs, or by	k

Any of the anceftors of the faid lady dutchefs in fee farm • - < or fee taile, and of all and Angular the ftatutes, judgments, mortgages, and other real fecurities for , money, .given, made, acknowledged or entred into by any perfon,or pejrfons holding as aforefaid, to any other forfeiting perfon or per-fons not declared innocent (*to all which premifes. .the /aid duke and dutchefs refpe&ively by his Majeflies faid declaration* and by the faid former a£l are intituled) apd of all mean fates, iflues and proAts thereof Ance incurred, and how due to his grace, other than what is already' received to his ufe, for which he is hereby acquitted, and of *11 and every the reverAons and remainders which ,<A*'frid duke or dutchefs now hath or have expedant Upon the faid forfeited and forfeitable eftates taile ; which eftates, interefts, and other the beneftta and. advantages herein before mentioned are intended, and fo are hereby deckled W be, as againft the faid duke or dutchpfri their heirs and aflignes, utterly barred and extinguiihed ; favine neverthelefs to the Saying to the faid duke and dutchefs, their heirs and afligns, and to fuch duke and dut-other perfon and perfons a* are concerned in the ufes ex-5hc{*»andolh«r» prefled in the quadripartite deed, bearing date the twentieth day of December one thbufand Ax hundred fixty one, the chief rents dtc. full beneAt and advantage of all fuch texture;, chief-rents and other fervices, as the faid forfeited and forfeitable lands and tenements were held by, other than the beneftts and advantages of wardihips and tenures by knights fervice, in as full and ample manner as the faid duk&.*nd dutchefs did hold or enjoy, or might have held or enjoyed the fame upon the twenty fecond day of O&ober one thoufand Ax hundred forty one, or at any time Ance ; frying alfo to the Saving alfo faid duke and dutchefs of Qrmond, their heirs and afligns, forfeitures the beneAt of all forfeited and forfeitable eftates veiled in Tf/kdin , his Majeftie, and held of them, or either of them as afore- £f "hen^and* * faid, their or either of their anceftors, and which were never ncvcr a‘>iot<oi:* allotted to any adventurer or fouldier ; in which words it is advci tu;cr or hereby declared, That the eftates allotted or fet out to any fbidicr. fouldier for fervice in England or elfewhere, other than in Ireland, are not to be underftoqd or comprehended, nor the eftate of any adventurer upon the doubling ordinances, for more than fuch adventurer is to have by the rules of the laid former ad, for the fum by him difburfed, as other adventurers, nor the eftate of any adventurer who claimeth for fra-fervice, nor the eftate allotted to any perfon wha;-

C 2	foever,

Digitized by

Google .

String alfo all other matters n<u herein altered* tfe.

Said duke to have houfes ahd land* in Kilkenny, f*fc. in fati*faciion of hit art ears.

Tlv Jkmmtmntk mU eigbtmtk Tmmt $f Cbrks IL foevsr, by the free gift of the fete tforpers or of the die*’ ufurped government, but that ill fock efbtes ihal) be and retnaine onto the Cud dake and dutehefe, their heirs and affignCs, ai they did or ought to have been at any tMM before the making of this a& ; and alfo faving unto the faid duke and dutchefe, their heirs and affigns, die full benefit and advantage of aU other matters and daufes in the (aid declaration and former aft contained, not herein and hereby evprefely changed and altered, and by the (aid duke and dutchefe waved and parted withal], which are hereby dedited to remain and be in fall farce as they were before the making of this aft.

XLVI. And whereas the rood part of the houfes and lands in the city of Kilkenny and in the feveral towns of Clonmel, Carnck, Calttri and iniftioge, Traly and Dingle, and in the faburbs and Nbcrties of the (aid city and towns* were held the twenty-third of Oftober one thoufand fix hundred* forty one of the faid duke of Ormond, either h his own right, or fa'the right of (he faid duke or dutchefe his wife, by reafen whereof*the forfeited and forfeitable i*»-» tereft of any perfon or perfofts fa the faid houfes and fends Were not by the faid declaration and former ad to bo fettled fa any adventurers or fouldiera, or any other perfon whltfoever, ether than the faid James dufce of Ormond and bis heirs; of which concefion, if the ibid Tames dgfce of Orihohd did take the advantage and fall nenefite, as he might, the fame would tendto a great diminution of the fecutity defigned for fatisfaAkm of the commiflioned officers ferving in Ireland before the fifth of June one thoafand fix hundred forty nine j and he the faid Jamas duke of Ormond might lifcewrfes as a commiflioned officer, charge the remain of the'feid fecurtty with bis arrears, amounting tm fixty thoufand pounds /tiding, accompting to the tenth of December 6nfe thoufand fix hundred and fifty, yet is content to accept Of the faid houfes and lands fa fail- difcharge of his faid arrears : be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefatd, That the feid James duke of Ormond (hall have, hold and enjoy to him and his heirs, in full fatisfaftfan and difeharge of the faid arrears, all and Angular the forfeited and forfeitaUe hotlfek and lands lying and being in the faid City, and in the faid feveral towns, knd in the faburbs and liberties thereof, other than what hath been given out to adventurers and fouldiers, and by them, their heirs or afTigns, were pofleffed upon the feventh day of May one thoufand fix hundred fifty mine; any thing in this or the faid former aft to the contrary noewithftandfog; he the faid James duke of Ormond and his heirs, paying and fatisfying to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs yearly for ever, out of the faid hoilfe* and tenements fa the faid city and feveral towns, and. fa the fuburhsand liberties thereof, oae failing'

fix

Digitized by	3Qle

Tbt fcuentemth and eighteenth Tears of Charles H. fix peace vedrly out of ev'ery twenty -ftnlliws yearly refit which (HaH be had or anfWered oat of the &d houfes or tenements ; and the faid vice-treafurer is hereby further required and enjoined to iffue ont and pay the whole refidue ■of the faid three hundred thoufand pounds unto fuch perfon Paying to the and perfons as his Majeftie already hath or hereafter (ha!! K,nSj14 hd per appoint, as a reward of their eminent fervices and (offer- ^Refidue of »gs for hl« Majettie or hfc royal Father.	•	3oo,oool a re-

XLVII. And for preventing of all doubts which may ward for fer trife in the ifluing and payment thereof, it is hereby de-*icc* dared that the fame lhall principally and in the firft place Fit ft todif-be applyed to and for the payment and difeharge of fuch charge fum§ opiums of money as his Majeftie did heretofore appoint to be JS1"* out o/ thc payd out of the half years rent payable by adventurers and faid haif ycarV jonldiers by the faid former aft, that is to fay, to and for relit, bfr, the payment and difeharge of fuch fum or fums of money appointed by his Majeftie to be paid to his grace James, duke of Ormond, or fo much thereof as is in arrear ; and alfo for the payment and difeharge of fo much irioney as the half years rent, payable by adventurers and fbuldiers in the counties of Baft and Weftmeath, Wexford and Kilkenny, would have amounted to in cafe the fame had not been dif-Charged by this prefent aft, which (hall now be paid out of the refidue of the faid three hundred thoufand pounds unto the afiignee of the half years rents in the counties aforefatid, dednfting only what hhth been already received.

XLVilI. And be it further enafted, declared and ex- Eftates of regained by the authority aforefaid, That all the honors, eicides &c. fdannors, cattles, me linages, lands, tenements and heredi- ?not otherwife laments of the regicides in the faid former aft named, aifpofcd) con-and of all other feized or poffcfted in truft for them, or *^orj^ J* gny of them, or claiming by, ‘from, or under them, or any of them, which by the laid former aft were or ought to he yetted in his royal highnefle James duke of York and Albany, earl of Uifter, &c. and his heirs, and of all qther perfons excepted in the aft patted in the Parliament of England, intitpled, An A3 of fret and geneb'dl pardok, indemnity and oblivion ; or his Majetties late gracious decla- Except the ration and infir aft ions in the faid former aft mentioned, land* «f pur-Whofe eftates are net othfcrwife difpofed, other than the chafers, &c.&e. lands of fuch purchafers, for valuable confederation from any of the faid regicides, who have paid their purchafe money to his royal highnette or his commiifioners, or to the executors of fuch regicides, who have fince anfwered the fame upon their accompts to his royal highnette, or his committioners, and other than the lands and houfes granted or intended to be granted unto James duke of Ormond and the lady dutches his wife, or either of them, by this or the faid former aft, and other than the lands granted unto Michael now lord archbiihap of Dublin,

heretofore

.3*

A. T>.

1665. Chap. i.

The frventtenth tend tighttenlb Tears tf Charles ll. heretofore lord bifhep of Cork, and the lands granted onto Francis lord Aungier, and other than the lands granted to Sir George Lane before, and confirmed in and by the laid former aft, and other than the lands fettled upon Hercules H uncles by the faid former ad, which fhail remain to them, their heirs and affigns accordingly, and other than the lands which have been decreed away by the coromif-fioners for execution of the late ad, (hall be and are hereby declared to fee and continue veiled in his royall highnefs and his heirs, as fully and amply, with all the like bene^t and advantage as by the faid former ad is mentioned* difeharged of all rents, fervices and payments by this or difeharged of the faid former ad referved, created or impofed j but fufy-jed to the fame rents, fervices and payments as other lands by this ad ought to be, in cafe his royal highnefs or his heirs ihall alien or demife the fame otherwife than for lives or years, refcrving the full moyety of the improved rent.

all rents and Icrvico*, &c. hut fubjedt as herein.

If any of faid lands *vi<ficd equal quantify avoiding to Down furvey to pc let out.

Deficiencies to* be iupplied.

Money dif-burfed for the Li my in beginning of the rebellion, fatted,

Saving to lord

Anglcfey.

XLIX. And where $ny lands formerly fet opt in fad$-fadiori of any adventures or arrears, or any other lands whatfoever due to the faid regicides, or any of them, have been eVidCd or recovered from his royal highnefs, his heir$ and affignes, by virtue of any fuch decrees as aforefaid, be it further enabled. That fome other like quantity of profitable and forfeited lands, according to the Down furvey, equal in number of acres to thole which have been fo evided, and within the counties of Dublin, Lowth, Kildare,' and Cork, or fome of them, if it may be,' or otherwife elfewhere, be forthwith fet out by the com-taifiicncrs for execution of this ad, aqd allotted to his royal highnefs and his heirs, to be held as aforefaid; and further, that all deficiencies which have happened to all or any the perfons whole efbtes by the faid former ad, or this prefent ad are veiled in his royal highnefs and his heirs, or which have happened to their or any of their eflates, be fully Satisfied and fupplied out of fome other forfeited lands to be let out by the commiflioners for execution of this ad, and allotted to his royal highnefs and his heirs, to be held as aforefaid, and that all moneys lent or difburfed by any of the faid perfons, or by any others for them, or any of them, for provifions, arms or aifimti-niti n for fupport of his Majellies army in Ireland in the beginning of the rebellion there, be likewife fatisfied out of the lands and houfes for that purpofe, according to his Majellies declaration in the faid ad of fettlement, to be fet Out by the commifijoners for execution Of thb ad, and allotted to his royal highnefs, his heirs and afiignes, to be held as aforefaid ; any thing in this or the faid former ad to the contrary notwithllanding; faving always unto Arthur earl of Anglefey fuch right and title of, in, and to ’	Inch

Digitized by v^ooQle

Vi* feviUttentb and eighteenth 'Heart of Charted II.	39

fuch part of the premises as he the faid earl of Anglefey	A. D.

hath or ought to have by virtue of the faid former ad, or	, 1665.

thisprefent ad, or by virtue of an indenture of leafe under Chap. 2. the hand and feal of his royal highnefs, made between his royal highnefs of the one part, and the faid earl of Anglesey on the other part, bearing dace before the palling of this Ad ; any thing in this or the faid former ad to the contrary notwith Handing.

L. Provided always and be it enaded, That this ad Nottopreju-(hall not extend, or be any ways conftrued to take away,	o£

or be prejudicial unto any eftate, right, title or intereft of A*bemarIc* George Duke of Albemarle, his heirs or aflign*, of, in, or to any lands, tenements or hereditaments, accrewing to him or them by vertue or in purfuance of the faid former ad, or one other ad intituled. An A A for the fc curing fevered lands, tenements and hereditaments to George duke of Albemarle; any thing herein before or after exprefled to the contrary in any wife notwithllanding.

LI. And it is further enaded. That the ferry at Wexford, Ferry at Wex-with all the profits and other the rights and priviledges JV* 0,1 thereunto belonging, or therewith ufed and enjoyed, fhall be and are hereby vetted and fettled in the faia George duke of Albemarle, and fhall be held and enjoyed by the faid George duke of Albemarle, his heirs and affignes.,

LIL And whereas feveral lands and tenements, whereof To be fatisfied the faid George duke of Albemarle was feized by virtue of £or one or both the ads before mentioned have been evided or recovered from the faid George duke of Albemarle, by virtue of certain decrees lately made by the commiflioners for execution of the faid former ad, and fome incumbrances have likewife by decree of the faid commiflioners been allowed and charged upon the lands of the faid George duke of Albemarle, for redemption whereof the faid George duke of Albemarle hath paid and fatisfied the full fum of eight hundred pounds ; be it further enaded, that the commiflioners for execution of this ad do forthwith fet out and allot to the faid George duke of Albemarle, and his heirs or afligns, out of the lands in the county of Wexford, now or lately held in cuftodiam of his Majeftie by Sir Richard Clifton knight, fo much other land as may be equal in quantity of profitable acres, to what hath been fo decreed and evided as aforeiaid, and in value to fuch incumbrance as hath been recovered and fatisfied as aforefaid ; which lands fo as aforefaid to be allotted (hall be held and enjoyed by the faid George duke of Albemarle, his heirs and alfigns, as fully and amply as the lands fo evided and decreed as aforefaid might have been held, in cafe no fuch decree or eviction hadbeen ; any thing in this or the faid fo riper ait contained to the contrary notwith(landing.

c	LIIL Pro-



Digitized by Google

4&	Ybt	frotmitmb	mU mgktmttk Ytmrs rf Charles H.

A. D. LIU. Provided always, and be k malted by the authority 1665.	a fb rekid, That the right honourable Thomas earl of $e«~

Chap. 2. thampton, lord high treafurer of England ; Anthony f% *~0m>rm***J Afhley, lord Afliley, chancellor and under-treafurer of ht* Enifcorthy Majefties court of exchequer ; Sir Orlando Bridgeman •"f aI1v knight and baronet, lord chief juftice of his Majefties court Wallop*Jramted	.comn*m pl®*» «* Weftminfter, and Sir Henry Vernon

by letterfpa- knight and baronet, (hall have, hold and enjoy to them, cents 26 Sept, their heirs and affignes, all that the caftle, mannor and abby 13 C. a. con- of Eniicorthy in the county of Wexford, and all the man-finned to lords n0rs, towns, vills, lands, tenements, territories and hero-Aftiry^anTsir ditaments l*te of Robert Wallop, late of Farley-Wallop in Orlando firidg- county of Southampton, called Kilbeg, Cfoine, Turn-map,	(alow and Effemock, or by what other name or name*

foever they are known or called, with their and every of their appurtenances in the (aid county of Wexford, ana alt other lordftips, mannors, caftles, lands, tenements, rents pnd arrearages of rents, rtferved and payable upon any leafe or leaies for lives or years, or ocherwife, and all re-verfions, remainders, fervices and hereditaments late of the faid Robert Wallop, with their and every of their appurtenances in the (aid county of Wexford, and 'alfo a(l that priory or rt&orv and church impropriate of SeHker in the (aid county of Wexford, and all houfes, edifices, barns, (tables, tythe^ oblations, obventions, profits, commodities and advantages whatfoever thereunto belonging or appertaining, and all other tythes or tenth parts of corn, grain, hay, wool, lamb, fifti, and other tythes whatfoever, late of the (aid Robert Wallop, yearly anting, coming, renewing or happening within the fcveral pantiles and towns, vills, fields, hamletts, tytheings And tytbeable places of St. Margaret, St. Ivern, lihartenon, Kilmore, Kill&me, St. Peter, Carycke, Killoryn, Ballyfonon, Ballnalden, Killifh, Ardcavan, and Ard-CoUme, Rilimallock, St. Nicholas, Takillin, Skreene, Killilk, Ballmeftaine, SeHker and St. Tootirick, in the faid county of Wexford, and alfo all other lordfoips, mannors, caftles, abbeyes, towns, vills, territories, meuuages, lands, tenements, rents, and arrearages of rents as aforefaid, revertions, tythes and hereditaments whatfoever in Ireland, late the pofleflions of the faid Robert Wallop; and alfo all ocher mannors, mefiuages, lands, tenements, meadows, feedings, pafturos, woods, under woods, tythes, rents, reverfions, and hereditaments, together with all And fingular courts, courts-leet, courts-baron, viewes o 1 frank-pledge, and all that to toum-leet and viewes of frankpledge appertained, perquifits, and profits of courts, chattels, waifos, eftrays, rights, jurif-dktions, franchifes, privilodges, commodities, advantages, emoluments, hereditament* whatfoever, to the aforefcu} lordlhips, mannors, caftles, abbyes, lands, tenements,

heredi-

.i>-i------

Digitized by

Google'

rte frommtib mi ttfbtturtb Terns ef Charts II,	fi

hereditaments, and other the pretftiflbft aforefaid, or any A. D, of them, -or any part or parcel of them, in the (hid county 1665. of Wexford, or eMewhere in this kingdom of Ireland, be- Chap. a. longing or appertaining, or accepted, ufed, reputed, taken or known as part, parcel or member of them, or any part or parcel of them, with their and every of their appurtenances, late of the (sad Robert Wallop; ail which premises by his MajeftSes letters patents under his great feal of England, bearing date the twenty fixth day of September, in the thirteenth year of his now Makefiles reign, were mentioned to be granted by his (aid Majeftie unto the (aid Thomas earl of Southampton, lord Afhley, Sir Oriandb Bridgeman, and Sir Henry Vernon, and their heift ; and all and Angular conditions, covenants, forfeitures, entries, titles and rights in any indenture or indentures of leaffe of the premises, or any of them fpetifled or cotit^hied Or otherwise.

LIV. And be it farther ena&ed by the anthority afbrfc-feid, That all and fingular the fa id caftles, fnarmofs, he reditaments and premises (hall be and are hereby declared and adjudged to be vefted and fettled iii the laid Thomas earl of Southampton, Anthony Afhley, lord AfWey, Shr Orlando Bridge man, and Sir Henry Vernon, and their heirs, and that as felly and amply as if the faid letters patents had been good and etfe&ual in law, according to the intent and pnrpofe thereof; any thing in this or the laid former a# to the contrary hereof in any wife not-withfUnding.

LV. And be k further eaaffed. That Sir Maurice Perfonspar* Enftace, knight, late lord chancellor of Ireland; Arthur Ocularly proearl of Bffex ; Roger earl of Orrery ; Charles late earl of T*dcd for in Mountrath; Richard lord baron of Coloon e; Michael late lord b>(hop of Cork, now lord chancellor of Ireland, and mentioned in * lord archbifhop of Dublin ; John lord vkeconnt Maflhreen; this, Sail enjoy Marke lord vicecount Dungannon; Robert Boyle efcj; Sirland® fettled on Arthur Forbus ; major George Rawdon, now Sir ^e6TSe^cedawadand Rawdon, baronet ; and the reiki and heirs of Sir Simon cenfirnwd) not-Harcourrt; and the rciitt and children of colonel George withftandiug Cooke ; and the orphans of colonel Owen O Conefiy ; Sir *ny alteration George Lane ; Sir James Waymes ; Sir George Afcough ;b7 *°rd heute-Sir Tbeophilus Jones; Sir Walter Plunkett ; Sir George Prefton ; Sir John Bellew; Sir Martin Noel; Sir St. John ad,

Broderick ; William Legg, eftj; Edward Vernon, Efq;

Robert Southwell, efq; captain William Hamilton ; Maurice Keating, efquire; Erafmns Smith, erejuire; Sufanna Baftwick and her children; Sir William Pettie, and all other# particularly provided for m the faid former a£t, and not particularly mentioned in this prefent ad, and Other fpecial provihons made for them, their heirs, executors pad aligns, do hold and enjoy to them, then* heirs and

a&gnes.

Digitized by

Google -

Thefeventeentb and eighteenth Ytmrj ef Charles If. aifignes, all and lingular the lands, tenements and hereditaments in and by the laid former aft, fettled, granted, difpofed and confirmed, or mentioned, meant or intended to be fettled, granted, difpofed and confirmed to them, their heirs and aifignes, and not already decreed away by fuch decrees as are herein confirmed, and aH other the benefits and advantages of this prefect aft, and the benefits and advantages in and by the Cud former aft mentioned, in any particular claule or other provifoe relating to them or any of them, their heirs or aifignes, the benefit of reprizals in the faid former aft granted, onely excepted ; any retrenchment or alteration thereof made by the lord lieutenant and council of Ireland, or any other matter or thing in this aft to the contrary notwith-Handing.

Linds in Cork JLVI. And it is further enafted. That Sir William Penn Wm Penn	hold	and enjoy to him and his heirs, all and lingular

the lands, tenements and hereditaments, fituate in the county of Cork, whereof he the laid Sir William Penn, by himfelf or his under-tenants, was npon the firft day of March one tboufand fix hundred fixty-four in pofieffion, as if left than	tenant to his Majeftie ; and in cafe the fame lhall fall Ihort

1000Lper «mt. of the full value of one thoufand pound per annum over above charges, and above all quit-rents, charges and reprizes, the com-f°m "h?*miflioners for execution of this aft, lhall caufe fo much ° mne :	other forfeited land to be fet out and allotted unto the laid

Sir William Penn, his heirs and affignes, as may make up the fame to the full clear yearly value of one thoufand pound per annum as aforefaid ; and in cafe the lands held by the laid Sir William Penn, his under-tenants or aifignes, upon the faid firft day of March one thoufand fix hundred fixty-four, lhall exceed the value of one thoufand ponnd if more, for- per annum over and above all <juit rents, charges and rental to the prizes as aforefaid, he the faid Sir William Penn, his heires and aifignes lhall reconvey unto his Majeftie, his heirs and fucceilbrs, fo much thereof as by the commif-fioners for the execution of this aft lhall be declared, or by any inquifition to be taken within two years after the royal afient given to this bill, lhall be found to be over and above the value of one thoufand pound per annum as aforefaid.

Perfonsparti- LV1I. And it is further enafted by the authority afore-calarly reftored faid. That the earl of Clanrickard, earl of Caftlehaven, m former aft, Morrough earl of Jnchequin, the earl of Clancarthy, lord Monetae vicc-count Dillon, Simon Luttrel, Dudley Bagnall, elq ; them az Oft. Henry Bagnall, Catherine Corbett, Theobald Purcell, efq; 1641.	and fuch others who are particularly mentioned in the faid

former aft to be reftored to their ettates, and therein and thereby arc aftually reftored without any previous reprizal, and their and every of their executors and aifignes (hall

Hand

N

Digitized by

Google.

The feutnttenth and eighteenth Years of Charles II.	43

(land and continue *reftored to and vetted in fuch their A. D. ettates thereby intended, and (hall have and enjoy the 1665. lands, tenements and hereditaments, and all other the be- Chap. 2. nefits and advantages of the faid former ad, in fuch ^***mv~m"*J manner and form, and for fuch ettates, and with fuch . priviledges, immunities and difcharges refpedively, as in and by the faid former ad are mentioned and exprefled.

JLVIll. Neverthelefle it is hereby declared. That this rettitution and confirmation is not to extend to any lands, tenements or hereditaments, other than fuch as did trdely, and without fraud, upon the two and twentieth of Odober one thoufand fix hundred forty-one, belong to, and were enjoyed by, the faid perfons, or fome of them, their or iome of their ancettots or heirs, or were in the poflefiton and feizin of fome others in truft for them, or fome of them, or be particularly exprefled in the feveral and ro-fpedive claufes of the faid former ad.

L1X. And to the end it may more cleerely appear how To make out pinch land the perfons aforefaid are tiuelj intituled unto their titles br by virtue of this or the faid former ad, and how farr thetimch™ittedby perfons, jyho are or fliali be difpofTefted by them, or any ^^Jw°out ** of them, ought to be relieved by virtue of this ad ; it is decree*, further ensued. That all and every the perfons aforefaid, who claime any benefit by theclaufes aforefaid, (hall make out fuch t^eir title as to the feveral parcels of land which they demand, before the commiffioners for execution of this ad, within iuch time as (hall be limited by the com-miilioners, and take out their decrees for fo much as fhall be allowed upon their claims, and in default thereof fhall in default, forfeit two years value of the lands in their or any of their forfeit % years poffeffions retpedively, or in the poflefiion of their tenants	their

or truftees, one moyety to the Ring’s Majeftie, the other to the informal*, to be recoveied in like manner as other forfeitures are by this ad appointed to be recovered.

LX. And it is further declared and enaded. That Thomas Pigot Thomas Pigott, eiq ; and Matthew Lock, efcj; fhall have and Matthew and enjoy to them and their heirs two full third parts of L°ck	have

the lands in Weftmeath, fettled on them by the faid former ad, with like libertie of retrenchment, retaining pofTeffion, iih«ty of and of demanding and having letters patents as other ad- retrenchment, venturers and fouldiers ought to have, and as if the faid fcfr. aaifori-Jands in Weftmeath had been in the pofTcflion of the ftid ghial adven-Thornas Pigott, and Matthew Lock, on the feventh ofturcr*#

May one thoufand fix hundred fifty-nine, and had been allotted to them as original adventurers; any thing herein before to the contrary, notwithftanding. .

LXI. And it is hereby declared and further enaded, Perfons re* That if any of the faid perfons herein before-mentioned to {*<^*•*“*£■ be rettored and appointed to take out decrees as aforefaid, j^ZfW^ng Or any others, \yho by virtue of any decrees heretofore longed t© them

Digitized by

Google

a* Oft. 1641,

difcover and fufrcndcr,

Tbt ft-vetuttb riiHiigfoitntb Ttatt tf Ctolts tL made by the eortuniffldherS for execdtion of (Jte (kid former aft have beeh reffored, Aiafl it any time Within twO year* next enfueing be found by colour of fome dlftfe in the faid former aft, or decree as ifotefaid, to have eriterfed upon and kept poAeffion of more land than did rightfully belong (unlef* pafticu- snto them, and was in their poflfefflon on the twOted twen-informcr *A) tl€^ Oftober one thousand fix hundred forty-one, unlefii for^rdouble f*®a l*nd wefe particularly ex prefled and given in tome value, unlef* mclaufein the faid former aft Contained, that thfen and in 3 month* they fach cafe the perfon fb oflending fhall forfeit double the value of the land fo fraudulently poffefled arid detained, Ofttefr the faid offender fhall within three months next after the firft fitting of the cornmiflioners for the execution Of tMs prefehtaft difcover and declare the fame to the faid conw mifilotiers, end openly refihcjuifh and furretlder the pofleffion fb uaefaely detained as aforefaid; of which forfeiture one third part (hall be tp our fovCraign lord the King, and the Other two thirds to him or them that will fue for the fame, tb be reeovered by Aftioh of debt, bill, plaint, or infot-itfatiort in any of the four courts of record fit Dublin, wherein no efloynh, proteftioh or wager of UW fhall bfc, or any more than one imparlance.

LXI1. And be it further enafted by the authority fifore-r ftid* IfhJu all and every the claufes in the faid former aft Contained, and not herein altered, explained or repealed, and which will tonftft with the execution of this aft, fhall be, and fo are hereby declared to remaine and be of foCh like force find frffeft, as the fame were before the paffing of thii aft, and that all Other the dairies which will not confill with the effectual execution of this aft, fhaH be and are hereby repealed ; any thing herein before contained to the contrary nctwithfhmding.

LXIlf. And further. That aH and evefy the elaufes m

Claufe* in former aft not altered, and

confident with

thift, confirmed

repealed.

Both aft* con<

foued moft he* this or the find former aft contained, fo farr as the fame

peficially for pefctftUuSt*.

tXc&U fo?

remaine in force, fhall be confrued, expounded and taken in all courts and places whatsoever, molt liberally and beneficially for the proteftmg, fettling and pliabHihing the perfons, edates find Wrterefts of pr&teftants, who ate principally intended by thefe prefents to be fettlpd an4 Sheared.

^_______ LX1V. And be it further enafted by the authority afojrfc-

innotdfitJjrbtef*-feid, That *11 decrees made by the cornmiflioners for Cxe-tanucori&hieS; eutitm of the faid former aft, whereby any proteftant or pfcftefUftts hfive beeft declared innocent, (halt be and are foforInnocenfh«t4y fibfrkitely confirmed; and alfo that all decrees papiits, if taktn whereby any papift or papifts have been declared innocent, oatim 3 mouth* and which (haft be taken out within three months after the after voatwiN gfg	of the eommifiiofters for execution of this prefoni

aft, ibdl be and are hereby abfoltnely confirmed according to the tabor, purport and effeft of the fame j any encapikm

touching

fiouOi fitting.

Digitized by LjOOQie

fkiJcwtuHottk W	Xmri rf Chunks H*	44

teaching the time wherein the feme decree* were made* A. D» and a«y »w|ritrity <* pretended ieregMUricy in not par- *£6'5v fifing the dflcWattoo, inftrwftams, and, the faid former *ft Chap, ft. to the cojuror notwithftanding 5 Inch decrees where** a*ty hmdea ace. comprehended, or which any proteftant or Except at protefiaata wan or were pqfiefted, before the two tad herein, twentieth of Q&ober 994 thoofewd fix hundred forty-o*»e> and wUph wwie never (eixed or fequeftred, or fot apart upon the aeoompc of the late rebellion or warr, and tuck decree* wherein more lands are decreed to the claimant than Wane claimed by him, at to thofe land* fo decreed be* yond tteolaim oocly excepted 5 which are hereby declared as for £a mock to be utterly void, fo as the fame be difr covered within, fix momhes next after the firfi fitting of the GOfftfledfficmtts ; fobjeft nevenhelefs to fucb penalties, SohjcA t* asm this and;thefaid former a& arc contained, poaching bite, and fraudulent chums, fo as the fame be dsfcoxered aifeovered bi a within two years next enfoing the pafing of this pee- years, feat a£t.

LXV. Provided always, and be k enafted, Thar no perfonsde-perfon or porfqns, who by the coromiffioncrs for. execution cre»d ianoesat of the find former a& have been adjudged and declared andvtftomd^ innocent, and. to whom any Und> tenement# or hertditer meats have been adjudged. and reiored by th^ decree of m*“* p the faid nontmtffioners, nor nay other peefon on perfons claiming under fuch decree, (bad be permitted ta flio or profeante the perfon or perfbiu agahafi whom ftich decree was made? his or their executor* or admiailfratorn or any of their tenants or aligns, touching or ooncenfiug any meafi) profirs of the land# and tenements fa as aforefoid decreed, but that all fuits, actions and demands, touching or concerning fuch moafii profits, and all pnofecntkms thexefane* whether m law or in equity, fball be and ane hereby barred and excluded, and all and every* per (an ' and perfons liable to fuch a&Qn*, wcfe&iuon* and p*o&-cufions* fhalfbe thereof for ever acquitted and difohargei; any thing in this, or the laid formes aft, contained so» the contrary notAvixhitandaug.

LXVi. And bocaufe many perfoas did put in the* claims before the comnaiflinDers for execution of tha laid former ad, as innocent perfons, thereby demanding fome fmail parcel of land onely, or dewing his or their title to iome imall pari from feme lsiih papal, and thereupon, naoppo-fition being made, the faid commilfioncrs doci aired the faid claimant,, or the perion under whom the claimant derived, Perfons dote be innocent fince qu$ad b&c, fineg^whioh > time the , laid ^ claimants, and the faid perfons unde* whom, they define, alleging ihemfidves to be declared innocent, enter upon cnpypiowL^s grcai^efthttw io^ feveral counties, as deified oqt of die crowm by loch judgement of innocence* pwteadbg the n*»**eMr

lunita-

Digitized by v^.ooQle

46	The feventeentb and eighteenth Years of Charles 11~

A. D. limitation of that innocence by the words of the decrer i66([.	j*sad hoc to be repugnant and impoffible, contrary to the

Chap. z.	intention and meaning of the faid commiffioners by them

pnblicldy declared ; whereas if the whole eftates, to which the faid pefions now pretend, had been that hi quefiion before the faid commiffioners, the feVeral adventurers and fooldiers therein concerned had been fummoned to have taken notice thereof, and might have made fuch oppoikion, and produced fuch proof of their innocency as they thought fit ; be it therefore enaded, That no decree wherein any perfon or perfons have been declared innocent quoad hoc, (hall give fuch perfon or perfons any title by virtue of any fuch decree, to enter upon, or enjoy any more or other lands than what were particularly mentioned in fuck decrees,

'	but that all other the lands of fuch perfon or perfons de-

clared innocent, quoad hoc, which were fequeftered upon the accompt of the late rebellion or war, (hall remain and continue in his Majeftie, to the ufes of this and the faid former ad ; any thing in either of the faid ads to the con-* trary notwithftanding.	-	*

Decree do- LXVII. Provided alfo, and be it enaded, That nothing daring lord herein contained (hall extend in any wife to ratifieor con-noum^Toid,* ^rm t^le decree made by the commiffioners for execution of the faid former ad, wherein and whereby Oliver earl of Tyreconnel hath been declared to be innocent, but that the faid decree, and every part thereof, (hall be and foit hereby declared to be null and void, as if the fame had never been had or made, and that the faid Oliver earl of Tyreconnel, and all others who upon the three and twentieth crjf Odober one thoufaud fix hundred forty-one, or at any time fince; were or are feized to his ufe, or in truft for him, or in trail for Sir Thomas Fitz-Williams* late vice-count Meryon, father to the faid earl, or Chriftopher Fitz-Williams, unde to the faid earl, or in truft for the countefs of Tyreconnel, wife of the faid earl of Tyreconnel, and for her feparate maintenance, or claiming by, from or under him the (hid carl of Tyreconnel, (hall be and continue in fuch like eftate and condition, and no other nor better than he or they ought to have been, in cafe no fuch decree had ever been made, fubjed neverthelefs to fuch quit-rents as by this ad arc impofed ; any thing herein, or in the faid former ad, contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

LXVII I. And be it further enaded. That the faid Oliver earl of Tyreconnel (hall hold and enjoy, to him and his heirs, the lands in Cappock in the county of Dublin, and Hanlafton and*Athronan in the county of Meath, mortgaged by the lord vice-count Fitz-William his father, pardon by*let- now forfeited to his Majefiie; and that his Majeftie’s *wpat. 16 C. 2. letters patents under the great feal of England, bearing confined. date the eighth day of j une in the fixteenth year- of hss

Majeftie’*

Digitized by uooQle

Tbi fcvtutumb mdeigbttmb Twkts *f Charles II.	47

Majeftie’s reign, containing his Majeftie’s gracious pardon A. D. to the laid earl of Tyreconnel, and a clauie of reftitution 1665. of all the lands and tenements of the faid earl, (hall be Chap. 2. and is hereby confirmed, and (hall be held and eajoyed accordingly, fubjed to quit rents as afbrefaid.

LXIX. Provided alwayes, and it is hereby ena&ed and Lands of Tri-ezplained. That no lands, whereof the provoft, fellowes nity college in and fcholars of the colledge of the holy and undivided ,64L confirmed Trinity of Queen Elizabeth, neer Dublin, were feized int0 fee in the year one thoufand fix hundred forty-one, and are now in their a&uai pdfieffion, nor any lands held by virtue of any grant, leafe or fee-farm from the faid prbvoft, fellows and Scholars, and forfeited to his Majeftie, (hall be difpofed by virtue or this or the faid former ad, but that they, and every of them* remaine and be in faid provoft, fellowes and fcholars, and their fucceffors for ever, fubjed fubjed to nevertheless to the payment of fuch quit-rents for the (aid quit-rents, forfeited lands, as adventnrers or fouldiers by virtue of this or the fbrmeT ad ought to pay ; any thing in this or the faid former ad contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

LXX. And becaufe feveral perfons have been decreed Perfons de-innocent, but > neverthelefs have not been reftored to the creed innocent lands which they claimed before the commiflioners for exe- left to law for cation of the laid former ad, but have been left to the coorfe of law for the recovery of their pofleflions, by P°acl*0,u» trying their titles, grounded upon the validity of thofe evi-	’

dences by which they pretended to clahne 5 be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid, That all and every per-(bn and perfons, who were defendant or defendants in the ’ fait or claim upon which fuch decree was made as aforefaid, and thofe claiming by, from and under them, (hall within three months next after the fitting of the commiflioners for execution of this ad, declare and make his and their eledion by writing under his and their hands and feals, or under the hands and feals of his and their attorneys or agents thereunto lawfully authorized, whether they will immediately deliver up and relinquifh the poifeffion of the lands in controverfie unto the King’s Majeftie, and refort to their proportionable fatisfadion out of other forfeited lands, which if they do eled, they are to be admitted accordingly, and (hall be fatisfied his and their full two third parts, and fo much more as may be eqoivalent to his and their buildings and improvements, and then (hall part with the faid lands, or whether they will rather abide the tryal at law, which if they do eled, and the Irifti claimant ihould fail to profecute his tide, or a verdid or judgment (hall be given’ agaixift fuch Irifh claimants, or the perfon or perfons who fhali derive under fuch Irifh claimant, then (hall fnch ad-' venturer or (balditr, or other perfon or perfonsrhis or thcir;

heirs,

Digitized by

A. D.

*6*5t Chap> z-

Heirs, executors or 4®gB«4, wtotoll to CQ*c*»ed intbM tot, foi ever sad toajjy bold the tod land id queftinn, and every part thereof to hw and hie heirs t hoc in cafeveidUb or judgumnt be given for the tide of the IfMh dttnanc, or no fuch elefuon be m«to as afotefeid, the adventurer or feaLiicr, or other perlon, his or theix heir#, eocecotots or ajSigQCs, toll be excluded ftorn, demanding or haring hta two third parts, or any ofber (amfe&nu, which otfanriifo he might have had in refpt& oi fuch land (b recovered as aforefaul.

Whattitk LXX1. Neverthdefrit is hereby declared. That no other title fhaU be admired to be atterged or given in evidence mtttaL	hy fuch info cbtfnttiit, ot any claiming under then, bun

fuch title as was toegjed in the claim exhibited before the commiffioaers for the execution) of'the faid former a£Lx Iffccn^iiycc- provided tot *f any fecret agreement be made betweemtho Itiffi claimant, and the pattirt ccaocvoeda* aforefckL direftljn **“• or iadireftly, and the petto fo agreeing fhafl obtain auyr f*tisia&to for or in refpeft of the lands fa agreed Joi, that then aMtotoh cafe the fwatyfe offending to If forfeit double the value of the lands fo obtained, one maystm tea the	the athel mayety to thfc informer, to

he recovered to UHf tnwmer as elites forfeitures krp'botmof

Letters pat tebetoahsd.nl ayeara.

appointed to. be recovered.

LXXL1. Aud toitfuritorenated, ThataU and every' penfon and peribal* who -now have any grants ot peteataof any lands, tenement* or hereditaments, or of any tides of honour or dignity, Or of any annuity, peahen, office or impfoymw wHhjn this kingdom, net already enrolled, do* caufc the fame to be enrolled in the chancery of Ireland, within the fpact of two years neat after the royal affent to this bill a&wdly given, under pain, of forfeiture of two years value of any lands* tenements, aonekies, pen font or offices whsntvf thepltQasts ffiaU tot be enrolled as afore* faid.; om Wfty*ty tt> the tough Maje&ir, his heirs and fucccfiors, to other moyecy to ham. or 'them thatfall and will to for the fame* to be recovered by atom of debt, bill, plaint ormfesfUation. in any court of record, wherein no edoynn, protection or wager of law to be allowed,, or auy more then, one imparlance; and that all and every petto and petto* haitog any patents touching or concern* mg any tide of honour or dignity not already enrolled, or tp. be enrobed within the tune aforefaid, (hall forfeit and toft the tum of one hundred pounds &arH*g% one moyety thereof to the hang's Majeiae, his heirs and fuccefiors* to ocher moyety to him or them that Jhafe and wtlhfar for to torn* tohevecewedmafomfeid

LXXltf. And is is: further ena&tdby to aa thorny afore-(aid* That all letters patents, hereafter to bo granted of •ityi:tiikeii>^boa<Mrs otoae. on. kuda^wlfeefifeyei^ (bofe

contaia

Digitized by i^ooqIc

The Je*ve${e(nth tmi eighteenth Tears tf Charles II. contain in the fame letters patents a claufe, requiring an^l compelling the (aid patentees to caufe the faid letters patents tp be enrolled iti the Chancery of Ireland withma time therein to be limited, and all letters patents, wherein filch claufe (hall be omitted, are declared to be utterly A claufe in voyd an£ of no effect.	•H	leUdrt	jdt.

LXXlV. Provided alwayes, and be It enabled, ThatJ**0111®*

mentis or hereditaments, lying of being in the county of*" Gorge, and now jn the aftual poffeffion of her the faid countefs, or her affignes, as the jointure of dower of her the (aid countefs, the tellft of the late lord vice-codht Kynalme^ky, bqt that the fame be poffefled and enjoyed jSy her the laid countefs, and her affignes* in the fafiie hate ahq condirion and no other, as (he held and enjoyed the fenip befqfe the firft fitting of this prefenl Parliament!'* any thing in this or the md former to the contwy iiotwithftahding:.	*

LXXV. Ana be it further enafted by the authority Lord Fita-aforefaid. That Charles Iprd vice-count Fit*-Hording, Harding to hold treafurer of his Majeftie^s houfe-gold, (hall hold an^ epjpy “ ^^/lord to him and his heirs,'all find hpgulaf the lands, tenements Faamouth. and hereditaments, lately granted or mentioned to be granted unto Charles ^ate lord vice-count Fitz-Harding, afterwards e^rl of Falmouth, and his heirs, in and by certairie letters patents thereof palled under t|ie great feai Qf Ireland.

LXXVI. And it is hereby glared. That the adven- Thofere-torers and fouldiers, and proteflant purchafors of lands in hioved from Cbnnaght and Clare, their heirs land affignes who lhall be the'nce removed, {hall be fatisfied his 'and their two third pfirts, in like manner as ^iiy other adventurer cr foul-dier ought ;pbe fatisfied by the rules of this a&

LXXVII. Provided alwayes,'That if his Majeftie (hall, at any time witlun ^heYpace of two years next ahd immediately enfu^gf pay, or caufe to be paid, unto the faid Charles lord vice-count Fitz-Harding, his heirs or affignes, Lfrd .. the fum of twenty * thoufend pounds, at or in the middle Temple-Hall in London, upon notice thereof firft given to him by the the laid pharjes lord vice-count Titz-parding, and h& King in % year*, heirs,1 fey tie (p^^e pf one week* before fuch payment,, theh all and lingular the lands in the faid letters patent’s ifieif- '

U9ped lK^r^etuni to and remaine in hisMajeftie, his heirs and fucceffors, to the' ufes of-tjiis a^t; and \hat utiril thfe jvhole fum ot twenty thoulapd" pounds (hall be paid and fiuisfiedas aforefaid, it tol and may be lawfhn tp fihd for die laid? Chides lord vicc-codht Fitz-HardingVand Ms

Vol. II*	D	heirs.

- Digitized by

Lord Clan-mil in's rover-iion alter his eftate tail, (ranted to lord Arlington by letters pat 14 C. 1. (hall take eifed, LjV.

Adventurers and ioldieis thereby re-jnoved to be fatisfied two thirds.

The feveiaeeuth snd eighteenth Tests 9/ Charles U. heirs, to retaine and keep pcflefiion of the premises, and the profits thereof to receive and convert to his and their owne ufe, without any account to be therefore made ; any thine herein before to the contrary notwith(landing.

L XX VIII. And whereas Lewis lord vice-count Clanma-lira being but tenant in tail of certain lands in Ireland, exhibited his claim before the commiiTioners for execution of the faid former asft, but the fame remained undetermined, and no other claime was exhibited by any other perfon to any part of the lands of the (aid Lewis lord vice-count Clanmalira, either in pofiefiionor reverfion, or remainder, except only the claim of Sir Henry Bennet knight, now lord Arlington, his Majeftie’s principal fecrctary of ftatc, to the reveificp thereof in fee, being granted to him the faid Sir Henry Bennet, now lord Arlington, by his Majeftie’s letters patents, bearing date the fifth day of November in the fourteenth year of his Majeftie’s reign, which claim was by the faid commifiioners allowed, in fo much that the eftate and intereft of fuch adventurers and fouldiers, who were formerly planted thereupon, are become very doubtfal, and that as at the bed they were not to continue longer than during the faid eftate taiie, fo now it may be doubted in law whether they be of any continuance at all, and whether the faid eftate tail be not extinft in law by the forfeiture of the faid lord Clanmalira, whofe claim of innocence hath not been allowed, and fo by conference the reversion granted to Sir Henry Bennet now lord Arlington as aforefud, come to take effefl in prefent poftefiion : be it further ena&cd by the authority aforefaid, That the faid Sir Henry Bennet, now lord Arlington, (hall and may enter into and upon, and (hall have, hold and enjoy, to him and his heirs, all and fingular the mefiuages, mannors, lands, tenements and hereditaments, whereof Lewis lord vice-count Clanmalira, or any other perfon in trnft for him was /eized, or pofle(Ted the twcnty-fecond of Otfober one thoufand fix hundred forty-one, in as full and ample manner as the faid Sir Henry Bennet, now lord Arlington, might have held or enjoyed the fame by vertue of the faid letters patents, in cafe the faid eftate tail had been fpent or expired, or otherwife determined or extinguilhed; which (aid letters patents, and all and every the daufes therein contained, are hereby confirmed and declared to be good, valid and eiFe&ual in law to all intents and purpofes ; and that all and every the adventurers and fouldiers, their heirs, executors, affignee or aftignes, who are to be removed in order to the quiet and peaceable pofleffion of the faid Sir Henry Bennet, now lord Arlington, (hall be (ausfied their full two third parts refpe&ively in like order and manner to and jwith other adventurers and fouldiers; any cl&ufe,

matter

Digitized by CjOOQ Le

Tbi fe'ventetntb and eigbtttntb Ytars if Charles II.	51

matter or thing* ip this or the laid former ad contained, A. D. to the contrary in any wife notwithilanding.	1665.

LXXiX. And whereas Francis lord Aungier in and by Chap. 2. the faid former ad was intitled unto fome part of the pre- V—^-y mifles amounting to the value of two hundred pounds per annum, or there about*, which, as is alleaged, lyeth fo in-termixt with the refidue of the (jud eft ate, that the fame Lord Aungier cannot, without great inconvenience, be continued in the <hall haYe, land poffeffion of the faid Francis lord Aungier in fuch manner ff0"0 loi!d ^r-as now it is held ; be it therefore enaded, That the faid	/*/«**.

Henry Bennet, now lord Arlington, his heirs or affignes,	f

lhall before the firll day of January next enfuing convey and allure unto the faid Francis lord Aungier, his heirs and affignes, fo much of the premises as Arthur earl of An- as by lord gleiey, and Roger earl of Orrery, or the furviver of them, Anglefey and (hall, by any writing under his or their hands and feals loro Orrery ap-before that time to be made, declare and appoint, in lieu P0*01®4*-and recompence of the edate of the faid Francis lord Aungier, of and in the premises ; and in default of fuch declaration and appointment, or of the performance thereof, the faid Francis lord Aungier (hall hold and enjoy to him and his heirs the roelfuages, lands and tenements,* whereof he is now in polTeffion, and to which he (lands intituled by the faid former aft, according to the tenor thereof; any thing in this prefent a d contained to the' contrary notwithilanding.

LXXX. And be it further enaded by theauthority afore- Sir J Pcrcival faid, That there lhall be and is hereby conftituted and to be remitter ereded an office or place of regiller to the commiffioners for life : for execution of this ad, who lhall take care that due entries be made of all retrenchments of any third part, or other proportion of lands to be cut off from any adventurer ' or fouldier, their heirs and affignes, and the valuations thereof, and of all decrees and certificates to be made by ‘ the commiffioners for execution of this ad, and of all other the proceedings in order to the fervice of this ad, which are fit and proper to be regiftered ; and that the faid office, or place lhall be held by bir John Percival baronet during his office, naturall life, to be exercifed by himfelf or his fufficient deputy^ and that the laid Sir John Percival by himfelf or his deputy, lhall be, and is hereby impowered and required to have the care and cudody of all claims, certificates, plots, furveys, (except fuch as relate to the office and im-ployment of the furveyor general) debentures, duplicates, entries, and copies of them, returns of commiffions, valuations, examinations, affidavits, reports, rolls, and all other publique books, papers, writings and records whatfoever, which any the commiffioners, or fub commiffioners for the fervice of this ad, lhall ufe in fuch office or place wherein they fit, and which ffiall be dependant on the faid fervice,

D z	0/

Digitized by t^ooQle

C. gorfrnof

iwa miaeil to

txarhlnfc zbd

Tit Jhx*i4tnfh mitigbttmttb Yemn tf CMn D.

•r reft ting thtrtatito^ and all perfoa* who have any of die

like books or papers afore fa id, which have been ufed in or towards the execution of the faid former ad, (haU forthwith deliver the fame, or caufe the fame to he delivered to Sir John Percival: and to the end that no fraud or deceipt may be ufed herein, not any of the Arid writings or record* be imbeifcelfed, the lord lieutenant, or other chief governour or govemours of Ireland for the rime being, and the council commit perfotts there, (ball have power to fend for any perfon or perfous, fefyefted to whom they (Hall fufpeft to have any of the writing* or pa^ra or re- ™ ^cotds afbtefirid, and to examine him or them upon hi* or cord? relating to	torching	the fame, and to commit to prifon fiich

this feivice.	perion or perfons as (hill refufe to be examined, or being

examined (hall refufe to deliver fuch books, papers, and re-c6rds relating to the fervice ©f the faid former ad, as (hall appear to be in hh or their hands, or which they can come by : mid further, the fatd Sir John Percival, by himfelf or his deputy, and by fuch under clerk*, for which he will be fefponflble, fltall from time to time attend fuch commif-fioners, and transcribe, Copy, prepare, regifter, enter, draw up, and enroll, or Canfe to be tranferibed, copied, prepared, regiftered, entred, drawn up and enrolled, all end every the decrees, judgments, orders, warrants, fam-♦nons, injnnftibAs, reports, and certificates of any of the commiffioners, or fob-commiffieners, for 'execution of the faid former aft, not already enrolled or entered, or of any nf the commiffiouers, or fob-com mifTioners for the fer vice of this aft for the time to come, and (ball alfo aft and do, or caufe to be afted and done, all and every the matters and things which doe or may any way concern the office of regifter, or other the premises, as fully and amply as nny regifter or regtfters to the commiffioners for execution of the faid former aft, and his and their clerks, did or ought to have done, he and they taking therefore fuch fees onefy and no other, as by the lord lieutenant or other chief gover-hour or govemours of Ireland for the time being (hall be held rearonaMe; which fees he and they are hereby enabled to receive and recover accordingly.

Sir John Per- LXXX1. And it is hereby declared and enafted. That nval to pay the faid Sir John Percival (hall, yearly and every year ^overnor v- third^0the execution of this and the former aft, account for of the char pro-pay unto x^€ foril lieutenant, or other chief governour fits of the office; and govemours of Ireland, one foil third part of riie deer aM appointed by annual profits of the faid office, the necelfary charges to the King. be expended in and about the execution thereof being ford dedufted ; und the faid lord lieutenant, or other chief govemour or govemours of Ireland, are hereby required to caufe all the Moneys fo as aforefaid, received, to be iflaed out and paid from time to rime to fuch perfon or perfons as his Majeftte already hath appointed or hereafter

(hall

RcgiflcT’s

fee*.

Digitized by v^ooQle

The Jriunteenth and eighteenth Tears Charles IL	$

Anil appoint: aad it is-further declared. That an acquit- ' A. D. lance or receipt figoed With the fign manual of the laid 1665. lord lieutenant, or other chief governour or governours of Chap 2. Ireland, (hall be for fo much as is therein contained a fuf-fedent difeharge unco the find hir John Percival, his heirs, executors and ad minift raters, and every of them ; and fur the more Juft regulation of proceedings in this office, the commilfioners for execution of this ad are hereby impower-, edand required to adminifter an oath to the laid Su John Percival, and all others, who fhall be im ployed in any mhufterial office or imploymenc relating to the fervicc of this ad, in thefe words following :

You Jhall fwear that you pull ‘well and truly execute the Oath of the place of	regiftcr	and

according to the beft of your Jhitl and know- ot^cr °®ccr** ledge, and therein you jhall /pare no per Jon for Jay our and aft eft ion, nor any ptfon gr$e«/* J'or haired or ill •will,

fo help you God.

LXXXII. And whereas there is one claufe contained in Recital of * the faid former ad in thefe words following, “ And for the cj?nfc*? fnr;,lcr better prevention of ail future rebellions, and to the end bc^?fv our good fubjeds of Ireland may be likewife fecured againft Loceftam*! all infurredions or attempt for the time to come, and the lands not rc-faid kingdom be the better planted and improved, be it ftored to jp^o-further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That it ihall ccnt*» and may be lawful .to and for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governour or governours and council of Ireland for the time being, from tune to time and at aU times hereafter, during the fpace of feven years 10 be accosnpted from the firft day of May one thousand fix hundred lixty and five, to make and ellablifh fuch rules, orders and aiiedioas for the better planting with oroteftants the lands by this ad veiled in his Majeftie, and not appointed to be redo red to innocent perfons ; and for the better regulation of cities, and for regu-walled towns and corporations, and the eie&ing of ma- boon of corp© giUrates and officers there, and to inflict fuch penalties for rat,w* the breach thereof, as they in their wisdom ihall think fit, fo as the penalties for breach of the rules of plantation do not extend further than to treble the quit-rents due for the lands which ihall be planted otherwife than thofe rules ihall <kred ; the faid penalties to continue, and be yearly paid to the King, his heirs nod fuccellors, till the faid rules of plantation be performed, and thenceforth the rent by this ad reserved to be onely payable; and fo as the penalty for breach of the rules to be made touching corporations do act extend farther than to the removal! or ditkaochife-■went of fiich perfons as ihaU be found guilty of the breach thereof | which rides, orders and diredams, fo as aforefaid

to

Digitized by LjdoQle

54

The fewittenth and eighteenth Tears ef Charles II.

A. D.	to be made, (ball be as good and ’ effectual in law, to all

1665.	intents and purpofes, as if the fame had been eftablifhed by

Chap. 2. authority of this prefent Parliament, and {hall remain, con-tinue and abide in force, for fuch and fo long time as in and by the faid rules, orders and directions (hall be limited Doubt there- and appointed And whereas fom£ doubt doth arife whe-uP°n*	ther the lord lieutenant, chief governour or govemours and

council of Ireland for the time being, may make and elta-bli(h rules, orders and directions for the better regulating of fuch cities, walled towns and corporations as have been anciently incorporated, or oneiy for the better regulating Such rulestnfuch corporations as (hall or may hereafter be created ac-extend to all cording to the tenor and purport of his Majeilies gracious corporations. (<jccjaralion for the fettlement of his kingdom of Ireland, and fatisfaCtion of the feverall interclb of adventurers, fouldiers, and other his Majefties fubjeCts there ; for the cleering whereof, be it further enaCted, and it is hereby declared and enacted by the King’s moil excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lordb fpirituai and temporall and the commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the authority of the lame, that it fhall and may be lawful to and for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governour or governours and council of Ireland for the time being, from time to time and at all times to come, during the fpace of feven years, to be accompted from the 4 © 1 3	,twenty ninth day of September one thoufana fix hundred

fixty five, to make and eftablifh fuch rules, orders and directions for the better regulating of all cities, walled towns and corporations both new and old, and fuch as fhall be created within this kingdom, and the electing of Ma-giftrates and officers there, and to infliCt fuch penalties for the breach thereof, as they in their wiftiom lhall thinfc fit; fo as the penalties for breach of the rules, orders and directions to be made touching fuch corporations, do not extend further than to the removall and diafranchiicment of Aich perfons as fhall be found guilty of the breach theieof; And tteffec-and fuch rules, orders and directions, fo to be made as aforefaid, fhall be as good and effectual inlaw to all intents tabliihed 7 an<* PurP°k* a» if the fame had been fpecially and particularly eflablifhed by authority of this prefent Parliament, and fhall remain, continue and abide in force for fuch and fo long time as in the (aid rules, orders and directions fhall be limitted and appointed ; any thing in the faid act or otherwife to the contrary thereof in any wife notwith-ilandiug.

Officers ferv- LXXXIII. And whereas the officers and fouldiers who iagfince 1640 ferved in Ireland, fince the fifth of June one thoufand fix *urc^w*ftuU hundred an^ forty nine, and the Connaught purchafers, for payCtowanls the better furtherance and management of their common put.lick charges, interefl, have by their humble addrefs represented the ne-

ceffity

S

Digitized by

v Google

<The Seventeenth and eighteenth Tear$ of Charles II.	^

ceffity of railing of monies, and fupplicated leave for fo	A. D.

doing, as was formerly granted to the adventurers and their	1665.

affigns in the like cafe, and leaf! fome of the faid officers Chap. 2. and fouldiers or fome of their refpeCtive affignes, may prove to be refractory in paying and allowing their juft proportions of money for the faid ends and for defraying of the publique charge thereabout, it being neverthelrfc very expedient that a fervice of fuch a publique and common advantage fcould be equally born by all perfons concerned therein ; be it therefore enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That the faid officers and fouldiers, and Connaught purchafets, their heirs and affignes, fhall allow, fatisfie and pay fuch fum and fums of money, as Arthur earl of Anglefey, Roger earl of Orrery, the lord vice-count Conway, lord Kingfton, Sir John Skeffington baronet, Sir Thomas Clarges knight. Sir Thomas Stanley knight. Sir Richard Kerle, Sir William Petty, doCior Robert Gorges, Henry Nicoll, John Brett, and Miles Cooke efq; or any three or more of them meeting at Dublin the firft Thurfday in Hillary term one thou-fand fix hundred fifty and five, or any other term after, at the four courts in Dublin, between two and five of the clock in the afternoon, fhall think fit and aifefs; which faid Not exceeding fum or fums, fo to be afTefled and raifed, ihall not exceed *d pro-two pence for every profitable acre, which fhall be by vir- fitaWc acrc* tue of this adt confirmed unto them, their heirs and affignes, now in their poiTeffions, or at any time hereafter fhall be confirmed upon them refpeCtively, and (hall be paid unto the receivers herein after mentioned, and fhall be difpofed by them, or any three or more of them, for and toward the end aforefaid, and not otherwife.

LXXXIV. Provided always, that of the three there be for default always one of the peers and two of the commoners before double the fum, specified; and for default of payment of any fum or fums ^ to afTefled, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the perfons aforefaid, or any three or more of them, or fuch other perfon or perfons as they fhall direCl and appoint, to levey, by diflrefs and fale of the goods and chatties of fuch perfon or perfons fo making default, double the fum that (hall be upon him or them afTefled and in arrears, rendering the overplus to the partie diftrained.

LXXXV. And whereas amongII feveral bills certified and Lands of transmitted under the great feal of Ireland, unto his Ma- Erafmus Smith jeftie in hi* high court of chancery m England, by a certi- ^teuded for ficate bearing date at Dublin the thirteenth day of May, „ot”keady del in the fixteenth year of his Majefties raign, a bill is tranf- CTn& away, mitted, intituled An A3 for fettling of certain lands of Erafmus fhall be applied Smith efq; for charitable ufes ; be it further enabled by the thereunto, authority aforefaid. That all the lands, tenements And hereditaments in the faid bill mentioned, and thereby intended to be difpofed for charitable ufes, and not already decreed

away

Digitized by

Smith and of Sir John Ste-pficps to lands m Tipperary.

*Tbe fevcnteentb anl eighteenth tears of Charles it. aw&y by the comrfiiffioners for execution of the faid former ad, (hall be continued and applyed unto, and preferved in-tirely for AicK pious and charitable uCes^ and that the cpm-mi (toners for execution of this aft, (hall not allot or diftri-bute the faid lands, or any part thereof, or fuffer the fame where evided *9 be allotted or distributed to any adventurer or fonldier in removed, or * pursuance of this ad ; and where any of the lands fet out by charged, to be the (aid £rafmus Smith to pious or charitable ufes have been repnfed »o • evided, recovered, or charged by any aecrees which arc where * ** •* confirmed by this ad, the commiffioners for execution of this *	ad (hall caulea like quantity of forfeited and profitable acres

within the county of Lowth, if fo much can there be found, or oiherwife elfewhere, to be fet out and allotted to the fame pious ufes, as spay be fufficicnt to recompcnce the lofs which hath happened by fuch decrees as aforefaid ; any thing in this pr the faid former ad to the contrary notwithstanding.

Commiffioner. LXXXVI. And whereas feveral lands and tenements in of Erailnut	county	°f	Tipperary,	heretofore	in the poffcfiion of fcrff-

rous Smith, upon the (eventh day of May one thoufand fix hundred fifty and nine, and claimed by him as an adventurer, according to the rules of his Majefties late gracious declaration, ana the faid former ad, were after the faid declaratipn, and before the pafiing of the faid ad, granted by his Ma-jeftiet letters'patents unto Sir John Stephens and his heirs as lands concealed, which grant nevertjielede might at any time by the rule§ of the laid former ad have been revoked by his Majefiie, jf his Majeftie had not been pleafed fince the pafling of the faid ad to releafe hii power of revocation, by reafon whereof great fuits and controverts are likely to arile between the faid Erafmu? Smith, and the faid Sir John Stephens, and fuch as do or ipay hereafter claim under them refpedively : tp the end therefore that fpeedy right and juf-tice may be done, and the faid controverfies appealed and determined ; be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the commiffioners for execution of this ad (hall examine the tight and title of the faid Erafmus Smith, and of the (aid Sir John Stephens, in and to the faid lands and tenements, pofieflion 7tn and if they (hall find that the (aid Erafmus Smith, or thofe May 1659 as ad- under whom he claims, were on the feventh of May one thoufand fix hundred fifty ^nd nine, feifed or pofTdTed of all and mefftc pro-* or ***7	^ands,	as an adventurer or adventurers, or

fits recoverable, as thc heir or aflignee of any adventurer, then’they lhall - forthwith reftore the pofleflion of the faid Erafihus Smith, to be held by him, and his heirs and a&gnees. In like manner t	and proportion as other adventurers ought to enjoy their fe-

but if without veraf and refpedlive proportions according to1 this a&; in title, and the which cafe the faid Eralmus Smith is hereby enabled to fue tonbe entoved bv an<^ recover dje mefne profit thereof received; but if Sir John Ste- 7 they (hall find the faid lands to have been held by the faid phens.	Erafmus

If former in

ofiefiion 7th

Digitized by LjOoq le

Tbt febtiife/ntb &*n ligbmmb ti»s 6/ Charles tL Erafrtirts Sifiith withodt any fucK title as Ufofefaid, hftd that the rahn^ wdrO Concealed from his MajCltie at the tirtte ot the pa flirt g of the faid 16tt£rs patents, then they lhall adjudge the laid lands. Or io InUch thereof as they (hall find tobe fo concealed, to Silt John Stepherts and his heirs, to be held Kith rtftd his heirs according to the tenor of his faid letters patents ; and fuch judgements and decree, as the faid Coifi- Commiffion-jniflfonbi's (Ball ioftake touching the premiffCs, ftlall be and is «*•judgment hereby inade concluding to the faid Eraffrtus Smith, and the ““**•

(hid Sir Johrt Stephens, their heirs and aflignes ; any thing in thfe faid letters patents oi* in the faid former a£t contained tb the contrary notwithftanding.

LXXXVII. And whereas William Mountgomery of William RofCmount in the county of DoSVfi, efq; did purchafe of fe-yeral perfons certain debentures which Were due for fervice	for

done m Ireland firtce the fifth of June One thoufand fix hundred forty nine, and placed the fame in and Upon the pur-chafe of a part of Ms own eftate, called or known, by the name of the mafcnbf of Flbrida in the county aforefaid, then fet ortt or fet apart by reafoh Of or Upon accoihpt dF the faid late rebellion or war, fince which time the faid William Mbitntgoihery hath by the CommifBoners for execution of Ale faid FbrrtVfcr aft fceeft declared and adjudged ah inhocent prdteAatit, and thereupon the faid mannor of Florida, together with the reft of the ellate of the faid William Mountgo-ftiery, hath been decreed unto him, by reafon whereof thd debentures fo purcliafed arid placed thereupon as aforefaid do femain wholly imfatisfied : be it therefore enacted by the authority afotefhid. That the commiffioners fop execution of this ad (hall let out or caufe to be fet out unto the faid William Mountgomery fo much forfeited land as may be fufficient to fatisfie the faid debentures in like manner and form, and according to fuch rates and proportions, as any Other like debentures ought by the rules of this a& to be fa-fisfied, as fully and amply as any other purchafer or aflignee bf the faid debentures ought to have been fatisfied, in cafe the fame had bfeen placed oh the (aid fnannor fo evi&ed or decreed as aforefaid.

LXXXVill. And whereas in ind by a certain claufein johnFitzp*. ftte (hid former aCt colonel John Fitzpatrick, of Caftle-town trick (hall enjoy irt the Queens county, is reftored in blood, and alfo reftored benefit of his unto knd veiled in the real arid actual pofleflion and feizin, to liim a*nd his heirs, of all and every the caftles, man nor s, ft415d?ngUiqui-Iands, tenements, and hereditaments, reverfions, remain- fitjon fomnd iy ders abdicates, whereof the faid colonel John ^Itzpatrick, j. i. br hiS Father, or ar.y other irt truft for them, or either of them, or to their iife, were at any time before thb two and tWenrieth of Ottober one thoufand fix hundred forty and one fowfoITy foized or poffelTed, upon which words feizedor pof-reffed, “dbuht or qut'ffitffi ifi livv xhaV arife how far the

faid

Digitized by LjOOQle

51	The	frveutunth	and eighteenth Tears of Charles II.

A. D. faid claufe may availe the faid colonel Fitzpatrick, by rea*

1665. fon that a certaine office or inquifition was found in the nine-

Chap. 2. teenth year of King James, by which his Majellie is or V—*-y~***J may be intituled, or pretended to be intituled to the whole territory of Upper OfTory, within which place the lands intended to be redored to the faid colonel John Fitzpatrick do lye, and fo by confequence the feizen and poffeffion thereof, which was in the faid colonel John Fitzpatrick’s grandfather at the time of the faid office or inquifition found, may be from the faid ninteenth year of King Tames conceived to have been in the King’s Majellie, and not in the faid colonel Fitzpatrick’s grandfather, or other any in truft for him, although he or fome of them were then in the actual pofleffion and occupation thereof, and received the profits: be it therefore enaded and explained by the authority afore-faid, That the faid colonel John Fitzpatrick (hall hold and enjoy to him and his heirs the full benefit of the claufc and provifo in the faid formtr ad contained 5 the faid office or inquifition, or any other matter or thing in the faid former ad or this prefent ad to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

Adventurers, LXXXIX. And it is hereby declared and enaded. That in Undsin* ap<* CVC17 adventurers and fonldiers, their heirs and Queen's co# afligns, to whom any lands or tenements in the Queen’s county were fet out and allotted, and whereof they were poflcll the feventh of May one thoufand fix hundred and fifty nine, the lands of the faid John Fitzpatrick excepted, fhall hold and enjoy fuch pari of the faid lands and tenements as will be due to them by the rules of this ad, the faid office or inquifition in the nineteenth year of King James to the contrary notwithftanding.

Lord Carling- XC. Provided always that all and lingular the claufes in aab1 form«radL	^orxner	a& contained, wherein or whereby any

** y 1 mannors, lands, tenements or hereditaments are granted to or veiled in Theobald carl of Carlingford, or whereby any other benefit or advantage can or may accrue unto the faid earl of Carlingford, fhall be and are hereby again confirmed, and fhall be enjoyed by the faid earl of Carlingford, in as full and ample manner as in the faid ad is contained ; any retrenchment, change, or other alteration thereof made by the lord lieutenant and council of Ireland, and any other claufe, matter or thing in the faid former ad, or this prefent ad contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwith Handing.

Sir Richard XCI. Provided alwayes and it is hereby declared and en-aded. That Sir Richard Ingoldfby knight of the Bath, and hofd UaX as ^lr Henry Ingoldfby baronet, fhall hold and enjoy to them herein.	and their heirs, all and fingular the lands within and conti-

guous to the Mile-line in the county of Clare, which were let out to them, or either of them, in fatisfadion of fifteen

hundred

Digitized by CjOOQle

Tht frventtenth mad eighteenth Ttars of Charles II. hundred and fifteen Bounds eleven (hillings two pence, with their houfes and garaens in Limerick, and alfo all and every their lands of which, they or either of them were pofleffed by themfelves or their tenants the feventh of May one thoufand fix hundred and fifty nine, fuch part of the premises onely excepted, as have been decreed away by the com-miffioners for execution of the faid former ad ; any thing in this or the faid former ad contained to the contrary not-with handing.

XCIi. /Sid whereas captaine Henry Finch, late of Lon* donderry, deceafed, in purfuance of a com million from Sir William Parfons, and Sir John Birlacy, fomedxncs lords juHices of Ireland, did in the month of November one .thoufand fix hundred and forty one, levy and arm a company of foot, confiding of one hundred men befides officers, in the county of the city of Londonderry, and maintained the faid company for three years at his own charges, and continued in the command of the faid company againft the rebells from the month of November one thoufand fix hundred and forty one, until the month of Odober one thoufand fix hundred and forty eight, and was then dilbanded without receiving any the lealt farisfadHon, and yet neverthelefii the arrears due to the faid Henry Finch, for his fervice before the fifth of June one thoufand fix hundred and forty nine, have not been call up, nor Hated by the commiffioners for execution of the faid former ad, partly by reafon of fome doubt conceived that the faid company was not upon the eftablifhment of. the Ullter army, whereas in truth the faid company was received into the faid eftabliihment, though the order whereby the fame Ihould be made appeare could not then be produced, and partly by reafon of other accidents: be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the commiffioners for execution Henry Finch’s of this ad (hall forthwith and before any diitribution made arrears to be of the houfes, lands, tenements, hereditaments or fums of*}.a*c?J^orc*n7 money herein before appointed for the fecurity and fatisfac- thcofficer”bc-tion of fuch commiffioned officers as ferved before the fifth fore 1649 and of June one thoufand fix Hundred and forty nine, call up his adminiftra-and date the arrears, which were due to the faid Henry tors fctisfied. Finch deceafed, for the fervice aforefaid, and that after the arrears fo Hated, William Finch and Henry Finch, Tons and adminiftrators of the faid Henry Finch deceafed, (hall be fadsfied and paid, and are hereby enabled to demand, and receive fatisiadion equally and proportionably, having reaped to the arrears Hated, and in like manner as any other commiffioned officer who ferved before the fifth of June one thouland fix hundred and forty nine, and whofe arrears are Hated and allowed by the commiffioners for execution of the faid former ad, may or ought to be fatisfied, and as fully and amply as if the arrears which were due to the

faid

6

Digitized by (^.ooQle

6o

7bi Jkmtatetmb rmd ri§ktttn*k Tmrs rf CWles II.

A. D. Wd Henry Finch de*eafcdk had been fated and allowed 1665.	within the time famed by the (aid forme* alt * any thing

Chap. 2.	in the fad former aft, or this prefent ad contained 00 the

C	contrary	notwithftanding.

PerfooB inti- XClil. And whereas Alice countefs dowager of Barimaife tied to fhtuhc- would hive been lawfully imitated onto the payment of and ti«n of arrears: fefafaftkm for the feveral and refpeftivt arrears which were Lord Barn- Ait onto David late earl of Barn more Her hatband, and to more and James James Barry her fondeceafed, as commiffioned officers* for fcrvice done in Ireland before die fifth of Jime one thousand fix hundred and forty nine, if the fame had been dneiy fated and allowed within the time limited by the faid for-Agmondifam mer ifi ; a«id whereas alfo Denny Mnfchamp efq; would Muichamp, have been lawfully intituled to the payment of and faesfac-fan for the arrears which were due to Agmondifham Muf-dump efo; his deceafed father, as lieutenant of the ordnance in Munfier, and a commiffioned officer for fcrvice done in Ireland before the fifth of Jane one th on fond fix hundred and forty nine, if the fame had been duely fated and allowed wkhm the time limited by the foid former ad : Sir Alexander *ad whereas alfo Sir Alexander Keith knight, would have Keith,	been lawfully imitated te the payment of and fetisfo&ton for

the arrears dee to lieutenant colonel George Keith, as a eoihmiffioned oftetr for fcrvice done in Ireland before the fifth of June one thou fond fix hundred and forty nine, if the fame had been Hated and allowed within the time limited as aforefaid: and whereas alfo captain John Anncfley fcrvod in Ireland as a commiffioned officer before the fifth of June one thonfand fix hundred and forty nine, and ought to be fotisfied and paid the arrears due to him for fuch fer-victe, if the fame had beeh timely fated and allowed as John Symmes, aforefakt : and whereas alfo Margery Symmes, the relift of major John Symmes, would have been lawfully in tided to the payment of and fatbfaftion for die arrears which were due to the foid major John Symmes her deccafcd hufband, as a cotnmiffioned officer for fcrvice done in Ireland before the fifth of June one thoofand fix hundred and forty nine, if the fame had been duely ftated and allowed within the kobtrt	time limited by the faid former aft: and whereas alfo

Broughton.	colonel Kobert Broughton and widow Coooer, late wife of

Joflma Cooper, jofnah Cooper * ifajor in Sir Foulke Htmfcs regiment, would haVt been lawfully intituled to the payment of and fadsfafifan for the arrears, which were due to them the fad Robert Brought*** and Jbfaah Cooper for fcrvice done in Ivekad, before the fifth of June one thoufand fix hundred find forty nine* that is to fay, from the twenty fourth of May one thoufand fix hundred and forty two, until the twenty forth of January one thoufand fix hundred and forty three, if the ferae had been duely fated fb far, and a&OWed within the time limited'by the faid aft: and 5	whereas

Digitized by

Google

T'b* jrvtntn*tb tod Hgbutnth Yuurs*f Charles ff.	61

whereas Horatia Woodhoufe, brother and achmfoiftratGr of A. D.

Sir Michael Woodhoufc, would have been lawfully foti- 1665* tuled unto the pay Event of and fatisfa&ien for the arrears Chap. 2. which were due to him the (aid Sir Michael Woodhoufe, for fervice .done in Ireland, as a commidiened officer before the SirMfehad fifth of June one thoufand fix hundred forty nine, if the Waadheeffi, {ante had been doely flatted and allowed within the time limited by the faid aft; which feveral arrears could not be Hated or allowed within the time limited by the dud former aft for Hating arrears, by reafon that the comuMfiioners for execution of the faid former aft was ftreightned in time when they entred upon that work, and by reafon of fbme Other accidents which did intervene ; be it further saatiled Said srrea^ by the authority aforefaid, That the commiffiooers tier exe- fhallbefttisfied cation of this aft fhail forthwith, and before any	otllcr	0	*

budon made of the fecarities fet apart for the fatufaftion of the commiffioned officers who ferved before the fifth of June one thoufand fix hundred and forty nine, cad up and Hate the refpeftive arrears which were due to David late earl of Barrimore, James Barry, Agtnpndiffiam Mufcfiamp, and lieutenant colonel .George Keight, and captain John Anaefly, Major John Sym-mes, xofoncl Robert Stoughton, and Joiuah Cooper, and Sir Michael Woodhoufe, fof for-vice as aforefaid ; and after the arrear fo ftated, the faid Alice coontefsof Barrymore, Denny Mufcbwp, And £ir Alexander Keith, captain jphn Annefly, Margery Symmes, colonel Robert Broughton and widow Cooper, and Horatio Woodhoufe, refpe&iveiy fhail be fadsfied and paid feraii) and every the rripofti-ve arrears* U>-which they are mentioned to be infilled as aforek'sd, as fully, aatply, and in like proportion and manner as any other commiifieoed officer, who 'ferved before she fiffo of June one thoufand fix hundred ond forty nine, ought to be, and as if the faid reipeftive arrears had been Jtaced and allowed within the time limited by the faid former aft ; any thing in this or the faid former aft to the contrary notwithstanding.

XCIV. Provided alwayes, and be it eaafted# That all Grant of and fingular the lands, tenements and hereditaments in the barony of Imofcclly *n county of Cork, granted or sir Henry menuoned to be granted by his Majeflie in and by certain Tint coafirnud. letters patents uuder the great Seale of Ireland, beating date

unto Sir Henry Tint, docaafed, whfeh have mt been decreed away by the commiflipBere for the execution of the laid former ^aft, fhail be held^ndetypyed by foelady Mabk Tint, relift of ike faid Sir Henry Tint, for and during her life, and after fotr-dccepfe, by thefoaauvd beir of the feid Bir Henry Tfov+qd hi* heirs, during the -state granted by foe (aid tenets p#onia; and that where any of foe binds fo foe Hud fetters	mentioned	have	haeu	evifted,	or

hereafter

Digitized by Google

The Jrvtwttenth tout eighteenth Yeetrt ef Charles II. hereafter (hall be evided, by virtue of any decrees made by the faid commiflioners, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governour or gover-nours and coancill there for the time bejng, to make and order fuch proportionable defalcation of the rent referved in and by the faid letters patents, as they in their judgement (hall think fit; ar.d fuch order of defalcation enrolled in his Majefties court of Exchequer, (hall be as good and effectual as if it had been enaded by thefe prefents ; any thing in the faid letters patents, or this ad! to the contrary not-with (landing.

XCVL Provided alfo and be it enaded, That Francis cammed/***™	R^hbride,	eftj;	fon	of John Lye deceased, (hall

hold and enjoy to him and his heirs, all and fingular the , lands, tenements and hereditaments, (ituate in the county of Kildare, or elfewhere in the kingdom of Ireland* granted or mentioned to bt granted in and by certain letters patents under the great fealeof Ireland, bearing date the tenth day of May in the fifteenth year of his Majefties reign, and not fince decreed away by the commiffiohers for execution of tht faid former ad, in as full land ample manner as in and by the faid letters patents is mentioned; any thing in this or the faid former ad to the contrary notwithftand-ing.

Lord Netter- XCVTI. And whereas Nicholas lord vice-count Nettervilf, ▼M adjudged who claimed an eftatc taile to him and the heirs males of £ored to*his*	of	and	in	certain	lands in Ireland, was by the

knd», after fct- commiflioners for execution of the faid former ad adjudged ting out two innocent, but the younger brothers and fitters of the laid thirds to lore} vice-count have by the judgment and decree of the EdfT^h Smitil commiffioners#recovered their feveral and refpedive re-and othcr*> mainders expedant upon the death of the faid lord vicecount without iflue male, and alfo their feveral and refpedive portions, chargeable on the eftate of the faid lord vicecount, and by reafon thereof were entituled to the prefent pofleffion of the faid eftate, in order to the fatisfadion of their refpedive portions, and when the faid portions (hould be fatisfied, Edward Smith, efq; Sir Courtney Pool, baronet, and other the perfons intituled to the faid eftate, lo bug as the faid lord vice-count (hall haveifiue male of his boay, were ftill to continue their pofteffion; neverthelefs his Majeftie being defirous that all juft interefts (hould be provided for, and being willing to extend his mercy unto the faid Nicholas lord vice-count Nettervill, as far as may Hand with his juftice, is gracioufiy pleafed that it may be en&ded, and be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, that the commiflioners for execution of this ad doe forthwith fet out unto the (aid Edward Smith, efq; Sir Courtney Pool, baronet, and other the perfonfc inti tied to the lands of the faid lord vice-count, their heirs and afligns, their feveral

A. D.

1665. Chap. 2.

if any eviction, a proportion referved.

Digitized by CjOOQle

Re&oriei,

The fervent tenth and eighteenth Tears of Charles if. veral and refpeftive two third parts, which by the rules of this aft they ought to have, and after fuch two third parts fet out, (hall reftore the faid lord vice-count Nettervill unto the poffeflTon of all and fingular the manners, cattles, lands, tenements, reverfions, remainders and all other hereditaments, right, title and intereft whatfoever in the faid kingdom of Ireland, with his deceafed father and grandfather, or either of them, or any other perfon or perfons in truft for them or either of them, or to their or either of their ufe or ufes, or any other or others to whom he may or can derive as heir, or otherwift had, held or enjoyed, or of right ought to have held or enjoyed on the twenty fecond of October one thoufand fix hundred forty and

one, (reftories and parfonages, impropriated and appro- _______________^

priate tythes excepted) and that the laid lord-vicecount lhall impropriations,

hold and enjoy all and fingular the lands, tenements and &c. excepted,

hereditaments fo reftored, according to fuch eftate, right

and title as he ought to have had in the fame, in cafe he

had been adjudged innocent, and no other ; and alfo {hall. reftored

be, and is hereby reftored in blood to all intents and pur- m

pofes ; any thing in this prefent aft or the faid former aft,

or any other aft, law, ftatute, ordinance, order, outlary,

attainder, record, provifion, feque fixation, diftriburion,

allotment, judgment, conviftion or decree, or any other

matter, claufe, or thing to the contrary notwithftanding.

XCV1IL And becaufe the eftate, right, and inheritance . In claufes veft-of in and unto feveral lands, tenements and hereditaments is by feveral claufes in this aft vetted and fetted in, or other- ^iy'oamcd^" wife difpofed of unto feveral perfons in the faid feveral and right of thofe refptftive claufes particularly named and mentioned, where- not particularly by great prejudice may arile unto others,, whofe right wasbaricd> favcd-not intended to be barred or extinguifhed, if a timely remedy be not provided: be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid. That in all and every fuch claufes it (hall be underftood, and fo is hereby declared, that all the right, title and intereft, either in law or equity, which any perfon or perfons, body politick or corporate, their heirs, executors, fucceffors or afiigns, or any of them had on the two and twentieth day of Oftober one thoufand fix hundred forty and one, or at any time fince, other than his Majeftie, his neirs and fucceffors, and thofe who (hall or may claim by, from, or under his Majeftie, his heirs and fucceffors or any of them, by vertue of this or the faid former aft, and other than fuch perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, their heirs, executors, fucceffors and afiigns, whofe right is particularly mentioned to be barred and excluded, (hall be and is hereby preferred unto them, their heirs, executors, fucceffors and afiigns refpeftively, as fully and amply as if a particular laving of rights had been annexed to and repeated in every fuch claufe; any

thing

Digitized by LjOOQle

Claufe in former ad deducing fraCions of odd money and acres, and rc-frrving fatisfac-tion thcieof to the King, repealed.

One penny per aciereferved to Sir William Petty for his Purvey, (hall be fati&ficd, as herein.

Tbifivefiitutb ayl fiffyitatb	tf Chjgri^s ff.

thing in this ad contained tQ the contrary notwiihftafld-

ing;

XCIX. And whereas in and by the faid former ad, the

fradions of odd pounds, (hillings and pence, were to be ftruck off and deducted out of all fum; of money, debentures, certificates or decrees for arrears, adventures, pubjtick debts, reprizes, or other allowed interefts, which according to the faid ad were to be afeertgined, fitted or fettled, and the fradions of odd acres, rood$, and perches were alfo to be deduced out of the refpedive proportions of lands, which fhould be granted or fettled in fatisfadion of gny ojf the aforefaid interefts, fo as fuch dedudions did not exceed the hundred part of the money qr lands out of which fuch dedudions were to be made; which dedudions were appointed to be fatisfied as intirely as might be, in fpeh convenient proportions and places as the chief gpvernour or governours of Ireland for the time being (houJd appoint, and referved to be difpofed to fuch pfes as Jbis lbl^jeitie, his heirs or fucceffors, fhoqld appoint : his Majeftie is graci- • oufly pleafed that it may be enaded* £nd be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That no/radjpns ctf odd pounds findings or pence, or qf odd acres, roods or perches, or any fatisfadlion for the fame, be at any time hereafter ,made or given unto his Majeftie, his heirs or focceffors, or unto any other perfon or perfon? claiming the benefit thereof hy virtue of any patent, grant, or piher alignment from his Majeftie, but that the fame be fqr ever releafed and dif-ckarged; and that all and every the ciaufcs in the fo,id former ad touching and concerning tfye giving Qr i cferving fuch fradions, and the fatisfadion thereof unto his Majeftie, his heirs and fucceffors, fhaU he and arc hereby repealed and made void, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had never been had npr made ; any tiling in this or the faid former ad to the contrary notwitfi(landing.

C. And whereas the furvey find admeafuremept of certain lands in Ireland was heretofore undertaken and finiftted by Sir William Petty, knight, upon an agreement maefo with the fouldiers to have for his pains one penny fox every acre fo furveyed and adoieafured as aforefaid, wherc^ part hath been already paid, and fome d°th ftill remain ia arrear ; to the end therefore that fatisfadion be made to Sir William Petty for what remains unpaid by the fouldiers, their heirs or afligns, and for his better enepuragement to finifh the feveral maps and diferiptiops of this kingdom, be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, that the lord lieutenant, or other chief guvemuur or governonrs of Ireland for the time being, with any fix or more of his Majeftie’s privy council, ihall have power to examine how much of the faid penny the acre hath been already paid, and for what lands, and how much thereof remains behind

and

Digitized by njOOQIC

tenant* to

7%e Je*venfeentb and eighteenth Tears of Charles IL and unpaid, and to give ordfer or orders, warrant or warrants, for the levying and receiving one penny per acre out of all the lands in the admCafurement whereof he was im-ptoyed, that have been or (hall1 be appointed to be fet out for fatisfaction of arrears, out of which fuch acrige was agreed or ought in juftice to be paid, and hath not been already paid, and to give faeh further encouragement to the faiid ‘Sir William, for the finHhing of the faid maps, as they ihall think fit; and that it fhall and may be lawfull to and for Sir William Petty, his executors, aaminiftrators or affignes, from time to time, at often as any fuch order or warrant Ihall be made, to enter into all and every tho lands in fuch order or warrant mentioned, and to levy the ra-fpefttvo fums therein appointed to be paid, not exceeding one penny the acre, by diftrefs and fale of fuch diftrefs as fhall there be found belonging to the occupiers of the faid lands, returning the overplus, and whatfoever the tenants or occupiers ot the lands fhall pay, or fhall otherwife be. levied upon them as aforefaid, not exceeding one penny, the acre, fhall and may be dedo&cd out of tac rents by them refpe&iveiy payable, and for fo much they and every of them fhall be and are hereby difehurged againll their feverall and refpe&ive landlords.

Cl. And becaufe the fettlement now intended, and en- So much of deavoored to be perfected, would be very much obftrudied cUufc giving if the heirs or affigns of Wentworth late earl of Kildare lord K:ld?re fhouldhold and enjoy the full benefit of a certain claufe in Forfeitures had the faid former a& contained, wherehy the preemption of Qf and inter-all forfeited edates and interefts held of or frort\ Wentnworth mixed with ha carl of Kildare, or George earl of Kildare, or either of cdat<t, or aP-them, and of all other lands lying intermixt with the laid P°‘ntm£ earl of Kildare’s edate* is given to the faid Wentworth late pcrfoiwUrr^is, earl of Kildare, his heirs arid afftgns ; and further the ar- repealed, rears due to George earl of Kildare for {ervice before the fifth of J une one thouf^nd fix hundred forty and nine, were appointed to be fatisfied in the county of Kildare, and elfc-tyhcrc lying moft convenient to the. faid earl of Kildare’s eflate, as the faid Wentworth late earl of Kildare fhoul J make choice of: be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid, that fo much of the faid claufe as concerns th* preemption of forfeited edates and intereds held of and intermixt with the earl of Kildare’s grant as aforefaid, or appoints the fausfa£\ion of peribnaj arrears for l'crvice to be within the county of Kildare, or elfewhere at election as aforefaid, dull be and is hereby repealed ; which ar- Sir Ja,™^ rears of the faid George earl of Kildare, now belonging to»?hacn Sir James Shacn, knight and baronet, admjnidrator of the	^

faid George earl of Kildare are to be fatisfied, as in and by c*Ca'LW » another claufe herein after following, and providing for the' favUfadbn of ti\c inicreds of the faid bir James dhaer.,

Vol. IX.	li	is

•v

Digitized by LjOOQle

66	Ybg fevint&ntb and elgktsasih Years rf Charles Lf.

A. D* is declared ; and (hat in lieu and (ausfa&ion of thofe pri-1665. hedges find advantages 19 and by the bid clanfe given or Chap, lm intended to be given, the cproipiffionets for execution of this a& (hall forthwith fet ont, pr caufe to be fet oat, onto and in lku of John now earl of Kildare and his heirs, fo much Qudtfpofcd frid privilege* forfeited lands a*(hall be of the deer yearly-value of five

of Ku"dr,d. P°‘mdV>r **<*•,,i*fr	*bovcL t?We*

KiUu in Kit ; and repnzes, and. therein (hall take care that the tame may dare, and fet- be fet out as neer unto the faid earl’s eftatfc, and as conti-ded by letter* goons to the lordihip of Kilka in the county of Kildare, as patent. - the lame can conveniently be done; and after fuch' allotment and letting forth, the lame (hall f>c granted by letters patents under.’the great fed of Ireland unto John earl of Kildare; and the heirs male of his body, and for want 1	of fucbi&ue to remain and b« to Robert Fitz Gerald, efq;

unde of . the faid :John earl of Kildare, and' the heirea males of h|s body, and for default of fuch iiTue, to the right heirs/of Wentworth late earl of Kildare for ever ; Subject to re- fubjedt ■ neverthelefs to the payment, reimburfement, and x payment of £ discharge in the firft. place of all fuch fum and furas of jn°ncy with money„ with intereft for the fame, as upon any'contract or ir^cr ,• * c* bargain heretofore m4<fe )>ythc (aid Wentworth late earl ’ of Kildare, touching the benefit of the (aidformer provifo, or touching the benefit of any part thereof, have beta paid -unto the laid late ear), or l^aU be paid hereafter to fitch cornradtors during?* the minority of the faid John darj of Kildare, and lyable alio to fuch other charges and payments as (hall ht ftecefiarily made and difturfed in and for the Settling and fecuring the prexmlfes; ind that the letters patents, Jo as aforefiud to be granted, (ball be of like force andcffeflras any other letters patents herein before1 appointed to be grantpd are or ought to be.

John fitz- ^11 • Pro Wed always, and be it enaded by the authority gerald, Jolm afarefaidi That opt of the ellates of John Fitz-Gcrald, ;vUgil, and Jqhn; Magili and Geoffrey Fanning, before by this *& Ceoffry Fan^ vetted in fas Majeftie, his heirs and luccefi’ors, k (hall and ftoned'to pari of ma/ ^ lawful for the lord lieutenant, or otner chief gover-their eftates. . flour* .of Ireland, to reltore unto and fettle upon them and their heijrs refpcdtively fuch part or parts of the faid re-fpedttve eftates as .they (hall think fit.

Sir John St©- CHI. Provided alfo, and be it further enadfced by the au-phens to have thority aforefaidi That Sir John:Stephens, knight, gover-S'.r BrkcCogh- nour of his MajefHe’s Caftle of Dublin, (hall and may have, ranV lands in,- hold and enjoy to him, his executors and affigns, all and *	every the lauds, tenements and hereditaments in the county

^ •	of Cork, which at any time were reputed (6 belong to Sic

Brice Coghran, by colour of any grants or gifts of the late yfurped powers, and which are or have been poflefTcd by tfie laid Sir John Stephens, by virtue of letters patents under the great feal w otherwile, .far and during fuch rimQ ,■ ...... , r

Digitized by

Google

*tht jcvtmt tenth emd eighteenth Yean of Charles II.	67

and term of years, and under Inch rents ondy as in the A. D. find letters patents are exprefied, and no other, fo as he the i66£* (aid Sir John Stephens do place or catife to be placed upon Chap. 2. io much of the premises as (hall be found to be within the fecurides fet apart for fadtfadkm of the commiffioncd of. placfogthcrf ficers who ferved before the fifth of June one thoaf&nd fix ^Ztticenhc* hundred forty and nine, fo mnch of the dated arrears due ^ to fuch officers which are (atisfiable, and forwhichmo fads. fk€tum hath yet been given, as the value of the premises may amount unto; any thing in this or the (aid former a€t to the contrary notwithfbmding.

CIV. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- Money due faid. That all and lingular the moneys, which by virtue of to die King for, this or the faid former adt (hall or may grow due unto his mc&1* profit* of Mijeftie for or in refpedl of the meafne profits of thofe lands	*c*

which have been fet out and received in fadsfa&ion of any arrears for fervicc done in England, commonly called Eng. lifh arrears, or for or in refped of the meafne profits of thofe lands which have been fet out to any perfon or per-fons in (adsfadton of any adventurers upon the ordinances, commonly called the doubling ordinances. Or for or in re-(pe& of any other meafne profits which by this a& are made due and payable unto his Majcftie, as being received out of lands fet out in fadsfisfdon of Interefts not ladsfiaWe by this or the faid former a&, and alio all and every the udfor fafeef fa ms of money now due unto his Majeftie, which any fond* in Con-perfon or perfons tranfplanted into Connaught, and fioce^ght, reftored, or hereafter to be reftored, to his former eftate, did or might have received upon the fale of the lands in Connaught, to winch he or they were tranfplanted, (hall be paid unto the receivers herein after eondituted and appointed ; who (hall account for and pay the fame over unto (hall he paid to Arthur earl of Anglefey, vice-treaturer of Ireland, or to vice-trwmrer, the vice-treafurer of Ireland for the time being, and that the faid Arthur earl of Anglefey, or the vice-treafurer of Ireland for the time being, lhall thereout iflue and pay who ft all pay thde feveral fum. foUoMng : that i* to fay, to Moroagh earl of Inchequin, the full fum of eight thoufand pounds * fterting, as a marke of his Majcftie’s favourable and gracious confideradon of the lodes and fuferings of the faid earl; to John lord Berkeley, the fum of four thoufand pounds; to lord Berkcly to Charles lord vice-count Fitz-Harding, treafurer of his 4*501 Majeftie’s houfhold, the fftm of two thoufand pounds ; to Henry Coventrey; efq? groom of his Majellic’s bedcham- H^Coventry ber, the fum of two tnoufand pounds ; to colonel William and \\rm Leg Legg the like fum of two thoufand pounds; in full fads- wool. cadi, fa&ion of all the right and intercfl which they the faid Henry Coventrey or William Legg can or may have of, in, or to any fractions of odd acres, pounds, (hillings or pence, in or by the (aid former adt referved to his Majeftie, and by E 2	ihrs

Digitized by UooQle

Ed. Villicn lObol.

Eli* Teml $oco\

. 7 he ft vtnttenth ttnd eighteenth Tears of Charles IT* this prefent aft releafed and difcharged as afprefaid; to colonel Edward Villiers, the fum of one thoufand pounds $ to Elizabeth Terrill* the wife of Sir Tympthy Terrill, the Aim of three thoufand pounds; to colonel Marmaduke Darcy, the Aim of three thoufand pounds; to Sir Connel Farrell, the Aim of two thouAmd pounds ; to colonel Da-niel Trefwel, captain of his Majeftie’s guard of battle Marm. Dircy axes, the Aim of one thoufand pounds; Sir William Ar-3000L	morer, the fum of five hundred pounds; Nicholas Bayly,

sir Connrl efq; the fum of two thoufand pounds; Thomas Lynch, the 1 ^um one thoufand pounds : and if any more mpneys 1000”	^	WCl	ar*k out t''c Prc®^cs than be fufficient to dif»

Sir \Vm Ar- charge the refpeftive Aims herein before mentioned, the norer scol. fame fliaU remain in his Majcflie’f* Exchequer at Dublin, Nich. Baylcy to be further applied and difpofed as his Majeftie being in-* , T . formed thereof fhall direft and appoint, jo oikW# ^Cl CV. And whereas the towns and lands of Shamaclone, Sir Charles Garonfbury, Garrane, Liihanacone, Bailifooidn, Ballimoran,

I lovd to recover Balliwill in the barony of Conello and county of Limerick, ren^ of lands iu and alfo fifteen hundred acres in Garundeny in the barony of ) imerick and Slewmargye in the Queen’s county, were allotted to Charles tween's county. Lloyd, efq; now Sir Charles Lloyd, baron: as an adventurer for lands in Ireland, the rents, iffues and profits of which lands have notwithHanding by Samuel Avery and other adventurers been wrongfully received, or in the hands of the tenants of the faid lands detained : be it therefore enafted, and it is enafted by this prefect Parliament* That the faid Sir Charles Lloyd, fhall have, receive and recover all and lingular the rents, ifTues and profits of the faid lands, remaining in the hands of the refpeftive tenants thereof, or in the hands of their executors or adnainiftra-tors, which have grown due fince the lands were allotted as aforefaid ; any thing in this prefent aft, or in any other aft of Parliament contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

CVI. And it is hereby further enafted and ordained by the authority aforefaid. That the commiilioners for execution of this aft fhall forthwith retlore Sir Richard Bellings, knight, unto the prefeat and aftual pofTefTions of all and Angular the mannors, caftles, lord (hips, lands, tenements, reverfions, remainders, and all other hereditaments, in-terefls, conditions, powers of redemption, right and title whatsoever in the faid kingdom of Ireland, which Sir Henry Bellings, knight, grandfather to the faid Sir Richard Bellings, and Richard Bellings father of the fkid Sir Richard Bellings, or either of them, or any other perfop or perfons in trull for them or either of them, or to their or either of their ufe or ufes, had, held or enjoyed, or of right ought to have held or enjoyed, on the twenty feconji day of October one thoufand fix hundred forty and one"; and

that

Sir Richard Bellings reft 01 cd.

Digitized by LjOoq le

The /wenttenth and eighteenth Years of Charles II.	69

that fh>'m dnd after fuch reftitutioh as aforefaiJ/the fame A. D. lhall begranted by' letters patents, fettled upon ahd (665. eon firmed unto the faid SirRichaM'Bollings, thegrandfon, Chap. z. and his heirs and afligns for ever j'thiy prefent or an/ other w -ift, ordm^eesf?ofder, outlary, ittaicider, record, or any * *	*

other matter, cinffe dr thlrtg td the contrary nOtWithftand-ing.	...

-*• CVir. Provided always* and be* tttenafted by ttfeiunko- Lord Kingfton HtV' ifbVHald, ' fThht johiT Lord Kingiton (hall hold and to J?aTC benefit fehjoy'to hifnand his heirs for evef all and’every* the lands, ^onfiimwi tenements and hereditaments m the faid former aft ratified	*

and confirmed unto him, and alltoherJthe'benefttsand ad^ vantages’ of the faid aft (the lands decreed away by the Except 11 commiffionCrs, and the full benefit of reprisals, aind the heron/ lands herein granted or confirmed unto Charles lord vtee-count Fitfc Harding, formerly granted to Charles the late lord vice-count FitZ Harding, earl of Falmouth, onely excepted) as fully and amply, and with the like confirmations, privileges* immunities and exemptions, as any ad Venturer or fouldier by this or the faid former aft may or ought fo hold and enjoy any of the lands, whereof they or any Of them refpeftively Were poflelTed the feventh day of May ‘One thou fan d fix hundred and fifty nine, and as if the fe-Veral claufes arid provifoes in the faid former aft on that behalf had been ih this aft particularly recited and enafted; and (hall alfo have, hold and enjoy to him and his heirs .

' for ever, all and every the tbWns, lands, tenements and hereditaments given, granted and confirmed, or mentioned to be given,1 granted and confirmed unto him, in and by his MajefiieV-Ietters patents under the great (eal of England, His letters bearing date at Weftminfter the five and twentieth day of pat ?ms 16 C. u January ttt the fifteenth year of his Majeftie's raign ; and, cuufemcd. . that the faid letters patent^ and# all claufes and things therein contained, lhall be and ate hereby ratified and confirmed1, and* lhall be taken moil beneficially to and on the behalf of him the faid lord Kingfttm/ his heirs and aflignes, according to the tenor and purport thereof, to all intents

•	and purpofes, and afc if the fame letters patents, and evety >	1

•	clauie therein, had been in this aft*fully and at large recited and particularly enafted : but in cafe the lands in the faid letters patents mentioned, which lhall be pdfitffed and

; enjoyed by the faid lord Kingftort, and not recovered or Jtc> overplus to granted away from him by this or the faid former aft, be recwnvcycd, lhall exceed the prefent cleer yearly rent of feven hundred pounds, and two full third parts of all the lands recovered

•	againft him the faid IdFd Kingfton, by any decrees herein

confirmed, then fuch overplus lhall be * reconveyed *0 fuch a$ the commiflioners for execution of this ad (hall appoint. ’	.	‘' ■

- » ■ - *•

- cvm. Apd

Digitized by

Tbi fcventetntb and eighteenth Yeari of Charles II#. , . CVIII. And he it alfo ena&ed, in cafe the {aid lends fhall not be fuf$caent, that then the cominii&oners, or Inch perfon or perfons as. are .or fhall he appointed for execution of this aft, doe and fhall forthwith came to be fet out end if defiant, to delivered .an to. him the./gid lord. King don, his heirs and bt made ip. afiignes, fo much more other lands, tenements, and here-diuuneats. in the couhties of Cork, limerick, and Tipperary, which by virtue Of this aft (hall or may be retrenched from any adventurers, feuldfers, their heirs, executors or aiTigr.es, or of other forfeited lands within the faid counties, err within the counties of Dublin and Kildare, or feme of them, as together with the lauds in the feid letters patents granted, or mentioned to be granted, to him as aforeferd* and as (hall be poffcfted and enjoyed by him, and not recovered or granted away from hjm by this or the faid former aft, are of the faid prefect cleer yearly rent cf feven hundred pounds, and as over and above the (aid .yearly rent are equal in value, worth and purchafe, unto two full third parts of all tine lands recovered againft him by virtue of any decrees herein confirmed, or that havte been delivered np or parted with to William lord vice-count Dungannon, and others, in observance of his M&-Tbat rffc&ua) jeftie*-letters, to the end that like cffeftuall letters patents P*tcnr* may thereof alfo be granted unto the faid John lord King-to^im ^ ***** fton and his heirs, as are herein before appointed to be granted to other adventurers and feuldiers of refpe&ive allotments ; any matter Or thing whatfoever in this or the faid former aft, or any other aft contained otherwise to the Savinp t«tordconlra.ry aT>y wife notwithftandlng ; faving unto Charles <Fitzbarding bit lord vice-count Fitz Harding and his heirs, fuch right and right.	title	in and to any of the premifles, as he or they can or

may claim by virtue of any letters patents thereof granted unto Charles late lord vice-count Fitz Harding, after earl of Falmouth, by his Majeftie ; any thing herein before contained to the contrarynotwithiUnding.

C1X. Provided Always, and be it further enafted by tie authority aforefaid. That Sir John Per rival, baronet, his executors, adrniniftmors and afftgnes, (hall and may hold, poflefs jsnd -enjoy the town and lands of Kinfele in the fortlKtem Of fixtv one year* from the great kaL w* day of May epeTtooufanq jx hundred and fixty three, according to the tenor and full efFeft of an indenture of . lcafe under the great feai of Ireland, to him thereof made,

. and under the rents, covenants and conditions thereby reserved, expreffed and limited ; any thing in the laft pre-, cedent claufe or in this piefent.qr any^ other aft to the con- . trary thereof in any wife notwithftandmg^	.

Lord King- CX. Provided alfo, that nothing in ims aft, or die tetters ftrr ’s grant not patents granted to the faid lord Kingfton, fhall enable him <o enable him ^he £zid lord Kingfton, his heirs or aftigoes, to hold or enjoy

Sir Job*

Pei rival t« ««■* joy lands in Dublin for 4l

tc held lands

any

Digitized by LjOOQle

The fiventeenth mi eighteenth Years rf Charles If.	71

any mannors, lands or tenements, lying or being within fhe A. D. fecurities fet apart for fatisfaftion of the commiffioncd 1665. officers who ferved before the fifth of Tone one thoufand Chao. «. fix hundred and forty nine, tmlefe he the faid lord King- b &

Aon, his heirs or affignes, ihallcaufe fo many debentures ’within the fe* for arrears doe to the faid eommiffioned officers, as are cmntjJor fatisfiableby the roles of this aft, and have not been fa- as** ** tisfied in part, to be placed thereupon, as after the nte of herein, eight years purchafe may be fufficient to nhrehafe the pre-mifes; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithfbmding.

CXI. And be it further eoafted by the authority; afore- Daniel O Brien faid. That all and fingolar the mefifuages, cattles, man-rettored, with, nors, lands, tenements, and ocher the hereditaments whereofout prcTiou#

Sir Daniel O Bryan, now Dankl lord vice-count O Bryen rci,fdal*

of Clare, or his brother Tige O Bryen, efq; or Connor

O Bryen* efq; (on and heir apparent to the faid lord vioe-

cotxftt, or Morough O Bryen, one other of the fons of the

faid vice-count O Bryen, or any other perfon or perfatos

whatfbever to their or any of their ufe, or in truft for them,

or any of them, were upon the two and twentieth day of

Oftober one thoufand fix hundred and forty one lawfully

feized of any eftate of freehold or inheritance, or potfett

for any term of years yet in being, as alfo one ttone hoofe

in the city of Limerick (impropriations and appropriated

tithes excepted) (hall be by the commiifioners for execution

of this aft fet out and allotted unto and placed in the

prefent and aftual pofleffion of Daniel O Bryen, efq; fon

and heir apparent of the faid Connor O Bryen, and the

heirs and executors of the faid Daniel O Brien refpeftively,

without and before any previous reprifaT; any daufc,

matter or thing in the' laid former aft, or in this prefent

aft herein before or after contained to the contrary not-

withftanding ; and that the commiifioners for execution of

this aft, (hall grant onto the faid Daniel O Bryen fuch cer- Certificates

tificates as may be neceflhry in order to the puffing of*°l>cfira,,t*i to

letters patents of the premises; and further, that until j‘iU £naj

fuch final fettlem£nt and allotment as aforefaid, it ihall and dement, he may

may be lawful to and for the faid Daniel O Bryen to enter enter and retain.

upon and retaineand keep pofleffion of the premises ; and

all and every die adventurers and fouldiers, protettant pur-

chafers of lands in Connaught Or Clare, and eommiffioned

officers who ferved before the fifth of June one thoufand fix

hundred and forty nine, their heirs, executors, adminif-

trators and affignes, who (hall be removed to make way

for fuch reftitution, or be prejudiced thereby, (hall, after	m.

fuch reftitution made, be (adtfied by the allotment of fame jndiccd, to m

other forfeited and uftdifooftd lands, as may be equal to fktisfied mother

their feveral and retyefttve two full third pans of what

they depart frem, or may br prqudmd in, according to

Ue

Digitized by

James Fleming rcftored.

Charles Per-rel rcftored in Longford.

. The fevenftenth and eighteenth Years ef Charles II. the rules of this aft ; and all and every the perfons transplanted into and upon any part ef the premifles, their heirs and aflignes, (hall have full fatisfaftion out of the forfeited lands undifpofed of to the Engliih proteftants, as the lord lieutenant and council of Ireland (hall think fit, after the Several interefts of his Majefties proteftant fub-jefts in Ireland have been fully fettled and (atisfied according to this aft.

CXIL Provided alwayes, and it is further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the commiflioners for execution of this aft (hall reftore James Fleming of Staholmoclc, efq; onto all the lordfhips, caftle*, houfes, lands, tenements, rents, reverfions, remainder^, hereditaments, ri^ht, title, intereft and eftate what&ever^ .whereof the Said James Fleming, or any others in trad, for him, or to his u(e, were feifed or pofleffed the three and twentieth of Oftober one thoufand fix hundred and forty one \ and that after fuch reilitulion, the Said James Fleming (hall hold ?nd enjoy the fame to him and his heirs ; this aft or any other aft, record, outlawry, attainder, or any other matter or thing to the contrary notwithHanding.

CXUI. And be it further enafted by the authority afbre-faid, That the com mi (boners for execution of this aft, (hall reftore unto captain Charles Farrell, all and Angular the lands, tenements and hereditaments in the county of Longford, wheneof he the Said Charles Farrell, or his father, or any other in trull for them, or either of them, were ftixed upon the two and twentieth day of Oftober one tboofend fix hundred and forty ofie, or at any time Since; and that after Such rellitution made, the Said Charles Farrel (hall hold and enjoy the fame to him and his heirs ; fubjeft nevertheless to the quitrrenfc by this or the former aft impol'ed, and lyable to all and fingular the llatutes, mortgages* debts, charges, and all other the afts and incum-• '	orances whatsoever of him the Said Charles Farrel, or his

’ J	father; any thing in this or the Said former aft to the con-

trary notwithllanding Frances D*rcy CXIV. And be it further enafted by the authority afore-faiisficd (after	That thc commiflioners for execution of this aft

tereft") for her ksdL out	lands as (hall remain undif-

jeimure. °	pofed, after all the Engliih interefts herein provided for

ihall be fa tisfied, Set out and allot unto Frances Darcy, widow. So much lapd as (hall be of like yearly value as the lands which (he the Said Frances Darcy formerly held, or ought to have held .for her jointure, to be held and en-,	.	.	joyed by the (aid Frances Darcy during her life ; any thing

x lt}	herein contained to. the contrary notwithllanding.

^tncl, d«e to CXV. And be it furthetCnafted by the authority afbre-t^br paXl m	That the Sum of four thouland five hundred pounds

trnO f!>r hit due for. fervice jdon* ia Irflund, before the fifth of June

daughter*.	I	one

fbibjrft to quit-icntsund incumbrances,.

Digitized by Google

-fbeifenjenUentb **i tightttntb Ytaft of, Charles If. .	73

one thoufand fix hundred and forty nine, unto Arthur lord A. D. vice-count Ranelagh, by debentures already ftated and 1663. allowed by the commiffioners for execution of the faid Chap. 2. former aft, lhall be paid and fatisfied out of the fecurities thereunto lyable by this prefent a ft unto Richard earl of Burlington and Cork, lord high treafurer of Ireland, Arthur earl of Angiefey, Roger earl of Orrery, and Sir John Skeffington baronet, and the furvivors and furvivor of them, and that they and the furvivors and furvivor of them, and the heirs of the furvivor, {hall have, hold, receive and enjoy to his and their heirs, all and fingular the manners, lands, tenements and hereditaments, and all other the fatis-faftion whatfoever, or of what nature or kind foever, which lhall or may be hereafter appointed, allotted, or otherwayes fet out and affigned for the fatisfaftion of the faid four thoufand five hundred pounds; neverthelefs in truft to and for the only ofe, benefit and advantage of Frances Jones and Elizabeth Jones, daughters of the faid Arthur lord vice-count Ranelagh, their executors and aflignes, and to and for no other ofe, intent or purpofe whatfoever; any thing in this or the faid former aft contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CXVI. Provided alwayes,. and be it further enafted, Forfeited That all leafes, terms and eftates, which upon the twenty third of Oftober one thoufand fix hundred and forty one rcycrfion bc-did not exceed three lives or thirty one years, and are longing to in-* forfeited to or veiled in his Majeftie, whereof or where- nocent protef-upon the next and immediate reverfion or remainder doth tant> cca^c* or (hall appertain to‘ any innocent proteflanc, be and are hereby declared to be ceafed, determined, null and void ;

' any thing in this or the faid former aft contained to the ’ contrary notwithfianding;.

CXVII. Provided alwayes, and be it enafted, That no- Nottd prejo-thing in this prefent aft, nor in the former aft, lhall b« 7*e taken or any wayes conftrued to weaken or make void all ircumbUnceon or any of the right, title and claim which Laurence Hide land* in Tippc.-of Henton Dawbney in the county of Southampton, elqs'nry. hath by virtue of any ftatute-ftaple, mortgage or other-wife, unto the towns and town lands of Ballihenukin, • Knockanammy, and part of Chancellors-town in the barony of Iffa and Offa, and the lands of Quarter-crofs, parcel of the town and lands of Clare, nor unto two acres great countrey meafure in Burdens-Grange in the barony of Middlethird, in all containing about eight hundred acres, lying and being in the. county of Tipperary ; but that it {hall and may be lawfull to and for the commiffioners for execution of this aft, to examine the right and title of him	t0

the faid Laurence Hide of, in, and to the faid lands and °c CMnunc®» tenements, or to any fum of money which can or may be levied thereupon, and to make fuch order and decree for

the

Digitized by ^.ooQle

to hold till fatisfied.

Lord Inchequin rcftorcd to «ilate of Chrif-tophcr O firicn.

Except the land*enjoyed by

Pierce Creagh,

Lord Inche-qnin to have other lands allotted.

Satisfa&ion to perfona rranf-plantcd there.

The frirtnttenth and eighteenth Years of Charles IT. the faid Laurence Hide ot his afligns, to hold and enjoy all and Angular the premises, untill he or they fhall be fully fatisfied and paid the moneys to him due as aforefaid, together with what intereft (hall be due for the fame, as they (hall think fit; any thing in this aft or in any former alt to the contrary notwlth (landing.

CXVII1. And whereas colonel Chriftopher O Bryen was appointed by his Majeftie in his late gracious declaration to be reftored unto his eftate, as one who in an efpccial manner had merited his Majeftie’s grace and favour, and was afterwards, in purfuance of his Majeftie’s orders, put into pofleflion thereof by the fheriff of the county of Clare, in which county the faid ellate doth lye ; notwith-ftanding which, if the fame (hould be ftriftly examined according to the rules of the faid former aft, it may be doubted whether fuch delivery of pofleflion were legal, and whether the lands fo delivered do not (till remain fubjeft to the ufes of the faid former aft and this prefent aft : and whereas the faid Chriftopher O Bryen is lately dead without iflue, and all his ellate, right, title and intereft defeended unto and upon Morogh earl of Inchequin, his next and immediate brother and heir, be it therefore en-afted by the authority aforefaid, That the commiflioners for execution of this aft (hall forthwith reftore unto the faid Morogh earl of Inchequin and his heirs the nrefent and aftual pofleflion of all and Angular the caftles, houfes, mannors, lands, tenements and hereditaments, which the faid colonel Chriftopher O Bryen, or any other in truft for him, or to his ufe, had, held, or enjoyed upon the twenty lecond day of Oftober one thoufand Ax hundred forty and one, or at any time Ancc, the lands, tenements and here* ditaments formerly belonging to the faid Chriftopher O Bryen, and now in the pofleflion of Peirce Oeagh except, which are hereby granted and confirmed unto the faid Peirce Creagh and his heirs ; and fhall likewife fet out and allot unto the faid earl of Inchequin and his heirs, fo many acres more undifpofed and forfeited lands as may be equal in quantity of acres to the faid lands held by the faid Peirce Creagh ; and from and after fuch reftitutiem and allotment fo made as aforefaid, the faid Morogh earl of Inchequin (hall hold and enjoy to him and his heirs, all and Angular the mefluages, lands, tenements and hereditaments' fo as aforefaid reflorcd and allotted ; and all and every the perfons trinfplanted into and upon any pan of the pre-mifles, their heirs and aflignes, (hall have fuch fatisfaftion out of the forfeited lands undifpofed of to Englifh protef-tants as the lord lieutenant and council of Ireland (hall think fit, after the feveral inttrefts of his Majeflie's pro-feftant fubjefts in Ireland have been fully fatisfied and

u * •	*	fettled

X

Digitized by Google

916* fe*vcnteentb and eighteenth Tears cf Charles II.	75

fettled according to this aft ; any thing in this or the laid A. D. former aft contained to the contrary notwithftanding.	1665.

CXIX. And whereas Sir Themas Sherlock, knight, de- Chap. 2. ceafed was in his life time a very dutifull and loyal fubjeft, and from the time of the firft breaking out of the faid Eftatcs re-rebellion and war unto the laft end thereof behaved himfelf j*or?d tQ_thy with great courage and diligence in his Maje(lie’s fervice,	shei-

and fuffered great hardships and extremities from the faid jocfc% f,’,* hi* .> Iriih rebells, by reafon of fuch his fidelity and obedience fiaelity and to the crown ot England, until at laft being taken prifoner fufferiug§. by them, he was forced, for fear of his life, to fubferibe their oath of afTociation, and having fo gained his liberty did immediately fly unto Dublin, and there fubmitted him-felfe to the now lord duke, then lord marquefs of Ormond, his Majeftie’s lord lieutenant of Ireland, and continued there, ever after ferving his Majellie and his authority to theuttermoft of his power ; the confideration whereof inclined his Majeflie to mention the faid Sir Thomas Sherlock in his late gracious declaration amongft the names of thofe few perfons, whom his Majeflie was pleafed to appoint to be reftored to their former eflate without any further proof of their innocency ; which faid Sir Thomas Sherlock was afterward by the commiiTioners for execution of the faid former aft adjudged a nocent perfon, upon no other grounds or evidence than the enforced fubfenption of the oath or aflbeiation as aforefaid ; his Majeflie therefore being very unwilling to proceed with fuch rigour and ftriftnefs towards any of his good fubjefts, or to fufFer a decree fo fe-vere to continue any longer in force to the ruine of the faid Sir Thomas Sherlock and his family, is gracioufly pleafed that it may be enafted, and be it cnafted by the authority aforefaid, That the commiffioners for execution of this aft (hall forthwith, and without any previous re-prizall, rcflore unto Paul Sherlock, efq; fonn and heir of the faid Sir Thomas Sherlock, and his heirs, the pofleflion of the principal and capital mefluage or feat, and alfo one third part of all and Angular the mefluages, mannors, lands, tenements and hereditaments, whereof the faid Sir Thomas Sherlock or any other perfon or perfons in trufl for him or to his ufc, were feized or poflefled upon the two and twentieth of Oftober one thoufand fix hundred forty and one (impropriations and appropriate tithes excepted) and (hall alfo with all convenientTpeed reftore the whole refidue of the faid lands and tenements (impropriations and appropriate tithes excepted) the refpeftivc adven- Satisfa&ion to rurers or fouldiers, their heirs or aflignes now in poflefiion adventure:*, thereof, or claiming the fame, being firft fatished their refpeftive two third parts, and for their feveral and re-iueftive improvements which will be due to them by the rules of this aft; and from and after fuch reftitution fo

made

Digitized by

Google

Nicholftt Burke *f Limerick reftored.

Lord Got-man ft on reftored.

Heirs or afligns of lord. Mountrath fa-tistied.

Yhe /eventtenth and eighteenth Years of Charles it* made as aforefaid, the faid Paul Sherlock (hall hold Md enjoy to him, his heirs and afligns, all and Angular tE& lands and tenements (3 reftored, in as full and ample manner as he or they might have done, if no fuch decree had never been had or made; any thing in this or (he faid former aft coritained to the contrary notwithftanding. . // CXX. And be it further enaftea by the authority xfotti faid, That the commiflioners for execution of this all (hafl reftore unto Nicholas Burke of Limerick, fon and heir of James Burke, his heirs and afligfies, the principal and capital meflua£e whereof he the laid Nicholas or his father, or any other in truft for them, or either of (hem, or tb their ufe, were feized or pofleft the two and twentieth df October one thoufand fix hundred forty and one, and alfo two thoufand acres thereunto adjoyning, or fo much thereof as they or either of them, or any other to their ufe, were feized or pofleft of on the faid two and twentieth of Oftober; and that fo. much other forfeited and undifpofed land tie likewife fe¥ out and allotted unto the faid Nicholas Darke and his heirs, and within fuch County and barony. as the lord lieutenant, or other chief governour and governottrs of Ireland and council there, fhall dlreft and appoint. .' ^ CXXI. And be it further enafted by the authority ato&-faid. That the commiflioners for execution of this aft fhall forthwith reftore unto the lord vice-count Gormanfton arid his heirs, all arid Angular the rtiefluages, mannors, lands, tenements, rents, reverflons, remainders and hereditaments, to which he is not already reftored by fofne decree of the commiflioners for execution of the laid former aft herein confirmed, and all other the eftate, right, title fcnd intereft whatfoever. Whereof the faid lord vice-ppiint Gormanfton, or Nicholas late lord vice*count Gormariftori hi* father, or any other perfon or perfons to their ufe, pr in truft for them, or either of them, were feized or poffefled the two and twentieth of Oftober one thoufand fix hundred forty and one, (impropriations and appropriate tithes excepted) the heirs or afiignes of Charles late earl of Mountrath, now having or claiming the fame, being firft fatisfied by an allotment to them arid their heirs of fo much forfeited fends as may be equall in quantity and number of profitable acres to the lands fo as aforefaid to be Reftored, and being ajfo firft fatisfied and paid, or othenvife fecured for the rents, iffues and meafne profits received and detained by the faid lord vice-count Gormanfton and his agents, fince his entry on the premiffes/or to be received and detained until fuch allotment (hall be made as aforefaid, according as the fame fhall be aicertained by the commiflioners for execution of this aft, and af fuch times and in fuch manner as they ' fhall appoint ; and from arid after fuqh reftitption made as aforefaid, the faid lord vice-count Gormaiifton fhall hold

and

Digitized by L^ooQle

7 be fervent tenth and eighteenth Tears of Charles II*	77

and enjoy to him, his heirs and aflignes, all and lingular A. D< the lands, tenements and hereditaments fo reftorcd ; this 1665. ad or any other aft, record, ut'ary or attainder, or any Chap, a, other.matter or thing to the contrary notwithHanding.	*—

CXXII. And be it further enafted by the authority afore* Richard and {aid, Th*t the commiHioDers for execution of this aft (hall John Grace forthwith reftore unto John Grace of Court-flown, cfq; reftorcd. and colpnel Richard Grace, and their refpeftive heirs, all and Angular the mefluages, lands, tenements and heredita-xnents, except impropriations and appropriate tithes, and except the houfe; in Kilkenny, which they or e\&r of them refpeftively, or any other perfon or perfons in trull for them, or either of them, refpeftively had, held, or enjoyed upon the two and twentieth of Oftober one thoufand hx hundred forty and one, and which are not already re-ilored to the faid Richard Grace by fome decree of the com-mifiioners for execution of the faid former aft herein confirmed ; the refpeftive adventurers or fouldiers, their heirs or aflignes, npw in po(Teflion thereof, or claim ng the fame, being firlt fatisfced their refpeftive charges and pro^ portions, and for their fcveral and refpeftive improvements,

Which will be due to them by the rules of this aft ; and from and after fu<;h rc{litution fo made as . aforefaid, the laid John Grace lhall hold and enjoy to him and his heirs ?11 and Angular the lands, tenements and hereditaments, fo to be reAored, and the faid Richard Grace lhall hold and . enjoy to hipi and his heirs the lands fo to be reilored ; any thing in this, or the faid former aft, contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CXXIil. And be it further enafted1 by the authority Patrick Ar-pforefaid, That the commiffioners for execution of this aft cher reftorcd. lhall forthwith reftore unto Patrick Archer, merchant, all and Angular the lands, tenements and hereditaments, which he, or any other perfon or perfons in trull for him, had, held, or enjoyed upon the two and twentieth of Oftober, one thouland fix hundred forty and one ; the refpeftive adventurers or fouldiers, their heirs or aflignes row in pofieilion thereof, or claiming the fame, being flrft fitisfied their refpeftive lhares and proportions, and their feveral and refpeftive improvements, which will be due to them by the rules of tins aft ; and from and after fuch reftitution fo made as aforefaid, the faid Patrick Archer lhall hold and enjoy to him and his heirs all and Angular the lands, tenements and hereditaments, fo to be reilored ; any thing in this, or the faid former aft, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXXiV. And whereas upon the palling of certain let- Lord Clanri* ters patents under his Majeftie’s great leal of England, card’s letters bearing date the eighth day of April, in the fourteenth year of his Majeftie’s reign, uato Richard earl of Clan-	c‘

rickard.

Digitized by CjOoq le

y$	^	The /wenttenth and eighteenth Years •/ Charles II.

A. D.	rickard, and his heirs, any ufe was * therein limited, or

Id6$.	fome otker provifion thereby made, for the better fecoriag

Chap. a. onto Charles late lord vice-count Mufkry the fuin of ten thoufaad pounds, by the yearly payment of two thoofand pounds fierhng per annum, for ana during the term of fire years next enluing the date of the faid patent; and fbraf-much as it may fo fall out by reafon of fundry emergent occahons, that the payments thereby (ecured may not be fully completed within the faid termof five years, accord-ing to the true intent and meaning of die faid letters patents ; be it therefore enaded by the authority afbrefaid. That the term of five .years, in the (aid letters patents mentioned, (hall be and is hereby enlarged unto the term of three years more next after the faid five years ended and determined, and that if the feveral payments in and by the. find letters patents intended to be fecured (hall be made and determined within the time hereby enlarged, the fame (hall be as good and effc&ual in law, as if they had been made within the faid five years; and that in all other afes, limitations, matters and thipgs, the faid letters patents, and every daufe and articie therein, fhall be as good and effectual in law, and of like force and efied, as the fame were before the making of this ad; any thing in this, or the fiud former ad, contained to the contrary no^with-ftanding.

Payment of CXXV. And to the end that no perfonor perfons, who debts of teftator is or fhall be reftored or intituled unto, or confirmed ini •r anceftor (hall ^ny meffaages, mannors, lands, tenements or other here-not be avoided duaments, by virtue of any daufe in this ad contained, or ne^titjc.CC ° by virtue of any letters patents, grant, reftitution, or other difpofition or allotment herein made, or hereafter to be made, in purfuance of this ad, may, by pretence of fuch new title, avoid the payment of any juft debts, to which they, or their refpedivc teftators or aneeftors, were or ought to have been.liable : be it therefore explained and enaded by the authority afbrefaid. That all ana every perfbn and perfons, their heirs and aflignes, having and holding, or claiming to have and to hold, any mefluages, mannors, lands, tenements and hereditaments as aforeiaid, fhall fie and are hereby made fubjed unto, and charged with, all and lingular the debts and fums of money now due ind owing by them, or any other perfon or perfons, whofe heirs, executors or adminiftrators they are, and under \yhoin they claim their feveral and refpedive allotments, aa hpir, executor or adminittrator, whether the fame debts be due and owing by virtue of any fpecialcy or matter of record, and that all and every the mefTuages, lands, tenements and hereditaments, fo held and claimed as aforefhid, fhall be held and accompted as afTets in law, and are hereby declared to be allcu lor and towards the fatisfadion and v	•	payment

Digitized by CjOOQie

HTn finftnttptih a*4 eigkunuk Years cf Charles II.	79

payment of all &ch debts, to which the firft takers thereof A. Ql are in their own right, or as heirs, executors or adroiniftra-. 1665, tors of any other perfon or perfons, made lyahle by this Chap, a, a& 5 any thing in this, or the laid former ad, or any other u law, matter or thing to the contrary notwithfianding.

, CX}fVL Provided always, and be it further Goaded, Hqr*q£ W That the heirs or affigpes of Charles late earl of Moun- Moimtisth ftaJJ trath (hall have, hold, and enjoy all fuch lands, tenements and hereditaments, which were fettled npon or granted unto the laid late earl by any letters patents of the late ufurped powers, whereof he was in pouedion the feventh of May one thou&nd fix hundred fifty and nine, except Ipch as have been decreed, or (hall be by this ad, or reftored untp the Irifh proprietor, for which he or they (hall forth with have the like quantity of profitable acres fet out unto him or them refpedively : and that all the lands, tenements and All tdvaa-hereditasnents, and other the advantages by this or the laid former ad intended to be given, granted, or con ft 1 med	bedivided

unto the laid late carl of Mountrath, his heirs or aflienes, amoBg his chiU fhallftand and remain difppfcd and divided among ana be- dren. tween the now earl of Mountrath, the relid ana younger children of the laid late earl, fubjed and lyable unto fuch limitations, ufes, debts, portions and legacies, as are ex-	,

prefled apd contained in a decree mad&^y the lord lieutenant and council, bearing date the

day of Odober ope thonfand fix hundred fixty and three; any thing in this, or the faid former ad, to the contrary notwithfianding.

CXXVII. And whereas Sir Audley Mervin, knight, gp^kerof fpeaker of the houfe of commons. Sir Geozge Lane,hovfeof lords knight, clerk of the houfe of lprcU, Philip Ferneley, efq; and clerk of cleric of the houfe of commons, and other the attendants council tompre-on either of the faid houfes, do claime certain fees, to be due and payable to them for* every bill, containing any pro°J^L rcJ grantor rclbtution of any forfeited lands to any perfon qrmedy for feet, perfoas, bodies politick or corporate, their heirs or (uo-ccfibrs, touching the afcffrtaining whereof, and giving due remedy for the recovering of the fame, fome provifion was made m and by a claufe in the faid former ad, in which daufe the fpeaker of the houfe of lords and the clerk of the council of Ireland are not mentioned : be }t therefore explained and ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the fpeaker of the houfe of lords, and clerk of the council pf Ireland, (hall be deemed and adjudged to be comprehended in the faid claufe, and that the faid fpeaker and clerk of the council, and Sir Audley Mervin, S;r Geoige Lane,

Philip Ferneley, and others mentioned in the faid claufe contained in the faid former ad, be paid by fuch periqn and perfons, bodies politick fad corporate, their heirs apd * fcccclTors, who receive any grant of or fettleraent in any

forfeited

Digitized by	•3gte

The /eventtenth and eighteenth Years of Charles II. forfeited lands, tenements or hereditaments, by*virtue of or in purfuance of this aft, or of the faid former aft, not fet out to them in fatisfaftion of adventures or arrears, or of purchafes made in Connaught, or any reflitution to any Unas, tenements or hereditaments, the incumbents of the Fee* appoint- feveral parochial churches excepted, fuch fees, end no ed by thief go- other, as the lord lieutenant, or other chief governour and council	governours	of	Ireland and council there, (haul think fit and

appoint, and that after the fame fees fo as aforefaid afeer* tained, like remedy (hall be given for the recovery thereof, as in and by the faid former aft is provided ; any thing in this, or the faid forjne? aft, ^Qnpuped tq the contrary not-with (landing,

Willi am Bar- CXXV1IT. Provided always, and be it enafted. That no krr to enjoy his leafe or cuftodiam% made or granted by the King’s Majeftie ^	unto Edward late lord bilhop of Limerick, now lord blfhop

K	of Corke, Cloyn and Roflp, or unto any other peribn or

perfons, of any lands, tenements or hereditaments, iii the baronie or baronies of Copello £nd Pople Bryen in the county of Limerick, or either of tbeqt, whereof William Barker, efq; by himfelf, his agents Of under-tenants, was in poffeffion the feventh of May one t^oufand fix hundred fifty and nine, (hall any way prejudice the right, title, in-tereft or poiTeffion of tne (aid William Barker, of, in, or to the fame, but that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid William Barker, his heirs or affignes, to enter into, and take pofTeffion of, all and (ingular the faid lands and tenements in the faid baronies., or either of them, whereof he was fo in pofTeffion, not decreed away by the commiflioners for execution of the faid former aft, and the fame to have, hold, and enjoy to him the (aid William Barker, his heirs and affignes ; and that the (aid William Barker and his heirs (hall have like priviledge and advantage in retaining the pofTeffion of the premises, and in retrenching the third part thereof, or placing fuch deficiencies thereupon as are fatisfiable by the rules of this aft, as any adventurer or fouldier ought to have; and that the com-miffioners for execution of this aft (hall proceed to give fuch certificates thereof, in order to the palling of letters patents, as may be neceflary for the finall fettlement of him the faid William Barker, his heirs and affignes, in lieu and fatisfaftion of his purchafe of Gilbert MaifhaLL in as full and ample manner as he the faid "William Barker, his heirs or affignes, might have held and enjoyed the fame, if he the laid William Barker had dill continued in pofTeffion, and as if no fuch leafe or cuftodiam had ever been made or granted; fubjeft nevertheltfc to fuch quit-rents, ferviccs and payments, as other adventurers in the faid county of Limerick ought to pay, and with like benefits and advantages as other adventurers ought to have by

thu



- :ed b C d< „e.

1

Treafurers to

Yhe Seventeenth and eighteenth Years of Charles II. this aft; any thing in the faid cujlodiam> or in a certain c’aufe for confirmation of the patent granted to John lord Kingfton herein mentioned, or any other matter or thing in this or the faid former aft contained to the contrary not* withftanding.

CXXIX. And whereas it was provided by the faid for-	%

mer aft, Ttat every of the adventurers, whofe eftates raifc furiw ap-' were to be Aifirmed, (liou’d pay fuch fum or Aims of mo- pointed by ney az the committee of adventurers fitting at Grocers- Committee at hall, London, or any five or more of them (hould appoint, not exceeding two pence for every twenty (hillings adven- charge tured, towards defraying of fuch publiquecharges as would conduce to the fettlement of that intcreft : and whereas the fame is to be levyed upon fuch perfons as lhall make default, by diftrefs and fale of their goods, the generality of fuch perfons making default not living in this kingdom, the faid provifion hath been hitherto rendered very much fruitlefs: be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid, That for better anfwering of thofc ends, and railing the faid fums, the feveral perfons hereafter named, 'viz.. Sir Charles Lloyd, baronet, Sir Stephen White, William Barker, efq;

Gower, efq;	Ridge,	efd;

Renthall, efq;	RadclifFe,	Ed-

ward Smith, efq; or the major part of them, or the furvi-vors orfurvivor of them, be and are hereby authorized to be treafurers of the faid moneyes, and (ball and may, by order under their hands and feals, levy, or caufe to be levyed, any fum or fums of money that the faid committee of adventurers, or any feven or more of them, (hail think fit and appoint, upon all and every the adventurers for lands in Ireland, their lands, tenements and hereditaments, leflees, tenants or afiignes, by diftrefs and fale of their goods, rendering the overplus to the owners; which faid leflTees, tenants or afiignes, lhall be difeharged of, and may retain fo much of their rents in their hands, as the faid fum to be levyed (hall amount unto; fuch fum or fums of money, fo to be levyed, not exceeding two pence for every twenty (hillings originally paid and adventured, and that (hall be fatisfied in lands in this kingdom; provided always that neither this nor any thing herein contained, (hall extend to charge any perfon or perfons with any fnm or films of money, that hath been paid to any perfon or perfons upon the account of the two pence in the pound in the laid former aft granted, but that fuch perfon or perfons, who Perfonii who received the fame, are to ftand and be chargeable with and received account accountable unto the faid treafurers for all the money by	*

him or them received, and the faid treafurers are to take care to imploy perfons of integrity and truft for levying wb0 are acoseii* and collecting the faid fums, under very good fecurity, for tabic to commit-whom they will anfwcr, and not to difpofe of any fum orle**

Voi. 11.	F	fums

Digitized by LjOOQ ie

Sir Henry O Neil rcftored

I,erd Ma Careen reprifrd.

and to have let* tcr» patent.

Sir Nich Armourer con firmed in A ruin.

BiffTop of Clojne fettled.

Tbt fevirtltenth and tighttenth fltars tf Charici II. fums without Order from the faid committee, or any feven or more of them, to whom alone they arc made accountable.

CXXX. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the commiflioners for execution of this aft {hall forthwith, and without (laying for any previous reprisal, reftore unto Sir Henry O Neil, his heirs and aflignes, 4H and fingular the lands tenements and hereditaments in the county of Antrim, whereof the faid Henry ONeil, or any other per-fon in trull for him, or to his ufe, were or ought to hare been feized or pofleft upon the two and twentieth day of £)ftober onethoufand fix hundred forty and one ; and that after foch rellitution, in lieu and fatisfaftion thereof, the faid commifhoncrs do likewife, with all convenient fpeed fet out and allot, or caufe to be fet out and allotted unto John lord vice-count Maffareen, his heirs and affig-nes, fii much other forfeited lands as may be of equal value, worth and purchafe, to the lands fo as aforefaid to be reflored out of tne lands in the county of Louth, or if there fhall not be found lu Sklent in that county, then out of other lands to be difpofed of by this aft, and that fuch further fetrs-faftion be given the faid lord Maflhreen, and his heirs, as is appointed by the faid former aft, and will (land with the rules of this aft, fo that the faid lands may as neer as may be lye contiguous; and tlvu like effeftaal letters patent be thereof granted to the faid John lord vice-count Maflareen, his heirs and aflignes, as any other adventurer or foul-dier by the rules of this aft ought to have; any thing in this or the faid former aft contained to the contrary n6£-wlthflanding.

CXXXI. l*rovided alfo, and be it further enafted. That the town and lands of Artain, alias Tartain, with the appurtenances in the county of Dublin, containing by elttma-tion two hundred and twenty five acres, be they more err lefs, be granted, ratified nnd confirmed unto Sir Nicholas Armourer, knight, his executors, adminiftrators and afligns*. according to thfe tenor and efieft of your MajelHes letters patents under the great feal of Ireland, bearing date the nineteenth day of November, in the fifteenth year of yot r Majefties reign; any thing in this, the former or ;t.iy other aft, matter or thihg, to the contrary nbtwith-flan ling.

CXXXrr. And be it further ennftcd by the authority aforefaid, That alt and fingular the mefluages, mannors, lands, tenements dnd hereditaments, whereof Sir John Fitz-Gerald, bright, dyed feized, and whereof Sir John Fiti Edmund Gerald, knight the grandchild dyed fehted or pofleffed in the year one thoofand fix hundred and forty, Jifid which were then belonging and of right appertaining to the bWfaop t>f Cloytie, and his focceflbrs, and Were by thfe

lail

Digitized by LjOOQie

7*0* /e venttenth and eighteenth Fears of Charles II.	f	3

laft will and teftament of the faid Sir John Fitz Edmund A. D. Gerald, and the fchedule and codicil thereunto annexed, 1665. dated the firft of September one thoufand fix hundred and Chap. x. forty, given and bequeathed, or mentioned to be given and bequeathed to his late Majeftie King Charles the firft,

(hall be and are hereby vetted and fettled in the now Bi(hop of Cloyne, and his focceffors for ever, the feveral redtories and impropriate tytbes therein and thereby bequeathed unto his late Majeftie onely excepted; which (aid re&orits and impropriate tythes are hereby declared to be vetted and.

(ettled in and upon fuch of the prefent and future incumbents, and their fucceflors, who have or (hall have a&ual cur? of fouls in thofe refpe&ive pari (he s wherein fuch impropriations are, and fuch impropriate tythes do arife and renew, and in default of an aftual incumbent, then in the refpedive perfons now ferving the cure and their fucceiTors, who for that end (hall be and are hereby made a&ual incumbents, and capable to take them and their fucceiTors; and the prefentation to their refpe&ive churches, fo as Prefenutson to afore faid endowed, (hall be for ever, and the patronage churches in thereof, in the King’s Majeftie, his heirs and (uccefTors; Kin&’# Pttr5-and that all other the lands, tenements and hereditaments, d„e of fo given and bequeathed as aforefaid, and not formerly Un^;« icing belonging of appertaining to the biQtoprick or fee of Cloyne, (hall be vetted ana (ettled in his Majettie, his heirs and fucceiTors.

CXXXIII. And whereas the right reverend father in Lctfc,?I God Edward lord bilhop of Cork, Cloyn and Rofs, and	and?2f

Sir William Flower, knight, have been at great pains and wiBiamFlowcm charges in difeovering of his Majetties title to the premifies, as well precedent to the forfeiture by the late rebellion, as by reafon and upon the account of the faid rebellion : be it therefore ena&ed. That the lord lieutenant of Ireland, or other chief governour there for the time being, do caufe a ltafe of fo much as is hereby fettled in his Majettie, to be patted under his Majetties great feal of Ireland unto the faid Edward Biihop of Corke, Clovne and Rofs, and Sir William Flower, their executors and afligns, for the term of one and thirty years, rendering yearly unto his Majettie, his heirs and fucceiTors, after the rate of treble fuch quit-rent as the adventurers and the fouldiers do pay for the like proportions within the faid province of Muntter; any thing m this or the faid former a& contained to the contrary hereof in any wife notwithftanding: faving and referring neverthelds to Edmund Fitz Gerald of Ballymalowe, and his heirs, all fuch right and title which he the faid Edmund Fitz Gerald had unto the premittes, or any part thereof, upon the two and twentieth of October one thoufand fix hundred forty and oae.	'

F 2	CXXXIV. And

Digitized by

Google

Lands in Tipperary to be fet out to

fuBje<5l to quit-rents.

The Jeventeenlh and eighteenth Year: of Charles II. CXXXIV. And be it further enafted by the Authority a-forefaid, That the ccmmiflioners for execution of this aft, (hall fet out and allot unto^he provoft, fellows and fchollars of the colledge of the holy and undivided Trinity near Dublin, the fix hundred fixty fix acres, two roods and twenty fix poles Englifh meafure, in the county of Tippe-bc Jet out to *rary and Barony of EHfeguarty, heretofore allotted to Wil-nrnty co ege. jjam Deeres for his father’s adventures of three hundred pounds, which in purfuance of a decree in ihe high-court of Chancery im England, were ftnee conveyed or mentioned to be conveyed to the faid provoft, fellows and fchol-bars of the college of the holy and undivided Trinity necr Dublin, towards the fatisfaftion of a charitable bequeft deviled to them by Elias Travers doftor of divinity deceafed ; and that like effectual letters patents ihall be thereof granted unto the faid provoft, fellows and fchollars, and their focceflors forever, as any adventurers or fouldurs by the rules of this act ought to have, to be held by them the faid provoft, fellows and fchollars, and their fucceffors, wiihout any defalcation or deduftion whatfoever, fubjeft nevertheless to the quit-rents by this aft impofed ; aoy thing" in this aft to the contrary in any wife notwith-(landing.

CXXXV. Whereas Kichard earl of Arran hath purchased from Erafmus Smith, eiqi his intereft, which he had as an adventurer, in ihc ides of Arran, commonly called known by the names of the Great Jflar.d, the finall Eail Ifland, ard the ifland of Inifhmaine : be it thereforeenaft-ed and provided by the authority aforefaid. That the faid ides of Arran, commonly called by the feveral names afbre-faid, lying and being in the half barnoy of Arran, in the county of Galway, together with all the royalties, mine-rails, (royal mines excepted) fifhings, profits and appurtenances whatfoever thereunto belonging, or therewith enjoyed hy the former proprietors thereof, before the two ar.J twentieth of October one thoufand fix hundred forty and one, be and are hereby veiled in, fettled upon, and confirmed unto the faid Richard earl of Arran, his heirs and afligns for ever ; any thing in this aft or in the faid former aft to the contrary notwiihlianding ; fubjeft neverthelefs to fuch quit-rent payable to his Majeftic, his heirs and fuc-ceflbrs, as other the lards lying and being in the province of Connaught allotted to adventurers or fouldiers are lyablc to.

CXXXVI. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the commiflioners for execution of this aft, (hall forthwith, and without any previous reprisal, rc-ftore unto Patrick lord baron of Dunlany and his heirs, the pofteftion of the principal and capital .nidfuages or feat, and aifoone third part of all and Angular the callles, lands,

tenements

Ifle* of Arran purchaftd by lord Arrun confirmed to him.

Sub;e<ft to quit-lent.

Lord Dun-fa!) y reftored.

Digitized by i^ooQle

Tithes ex-

Eliz. Maf-

cfhe fervent eenth an4 eighteenth Tears of Charles II-tenements and hereditaments, rents, reverfions, remainders, right, title, intereft and eftate whntfoever, which he tlie faid Patrick lord baron of Dunfany, or any other per-fon to his ufe or in trull for him, were feized or pofleffed of upon the two and twentieth of October one thoufand fix hundred forty and one, except impropriations and appropriate tithes; and ihall alfo with all convenient fpeed re-ilore the whole relidue of the faid lands and tene-cepted. men's, impropriations and appropriate tithes excepted, unto the faid lord Dunfany and his heirs: the rcfpe&ive adventurers or fouldicrs, their heirs or afligns nowm pofleflion thereof, or claiming the fame, being firft fatisfied their rc-fpedive (hares ar.d proportions, and for their fcveral and refpedive improvements which will be due to them by the rules of this ad ; and from and after fuch reftitution fo made as aforefaid, the faid Patrick lord baron of Dunfany,

Ihall hold and enjoy to him, his heirs and afligns, all and (ingular the lands and tenements fo reflored ; any thing in this or the former ad contained to the contrary notwith-flanding.

CXXXVII. And whereas one thoufand acres of forfeited , lands in the barony of Slane, were heretofore fet out in Ictmuj fatisfadion of an adventure of fix hundred pounds ad vane- slane to be ed by Sir William Maflam, baronet, deceafed, and, as isejamined. alleaged, was poflefled accordingly until about Michaelmas in the year one thoufand fix hundred fifty and eight, at which time the faid Sir William Mafiam being dead, and the intereft to the faid adventure being come unto Elizabeth MatTam, the widow and relid of William Maflain, tfq; fon and heir of the faid Sir William, and then deceaf- frtUfadion te ed ; alfo Sir Robert Forth, knight, pretending fome in * Sir Robert tereft in the faid lands, got pofleflion thereof by an execu- Forth, tion or executions iiTued upon a judgment or judgments in an adion of ejedment, being, as is alleaged, furreptiti-oufly obtained without any due botice or legal proceedings, the faid Elizabeth, by reafon thereof having no pofleflions upon the feventh of May one thoufand fix hundred and fifty nine, could claim no benefit of confirmation by the i'nid former ad, and it is much to be doubted whether (he could demand any fatisfadion as a deficient adventurer, the lot being once fet out and enjoyed : for remedy whereof, be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the commifli-ooers for the execution of this ad (hall forthwith examine the truth of the allegations aforefaid, and if they Ihall find the pofleflion of the premifes to have been wrongfully uken from the faid Elizabeth Maflam, they (hall caufe the faid F.lizibeth Mafiam to be put into pofleflion thereof; and the laid Elizabeth Maflam (hall hold the fame to her and her heirs, as fully as any other adventurer by this ad $nght to do, until the commiflioners for execution of this

ad

Digitized by

Google

86

The Seventeenth and eighteenth Yemrs of Charles II.

A. D.	ad (hall fet out and allot to	her and her heirs (o much

1665.	thereof as they (hall adjudge	to amount to her proportion ;

Chap. 2.	and if the (aid commiflioners	(hall find the (aid Sir Robert

y~*~/***U	Forth* title topoflefs the (aid	lands to be good and valid,

then they (hall fet forth fuch fatisfadion of land for the faid adventure, as (hall be according to the rules and proportions limited for other adventurers by this ad, and letters patents (hall be thereof granted to the faid Elizabeth, and the faid Elizabeth (hail enjoy the fame to her and her heirs and aflignes accordingly; any thing in this or the former ad to the contrary notwithftanding.

Compenfation CXXXVIII. And whereas Captain John Wakehara and lieutenant Richard Wakeham were feized or poifefled, before the feventh of May one thoufand fix hundred fifty and nine, of certain lands fet out to them in fatisfadion of

to John and Richard Wake ham.

their arrears, and were thereof put out and difpo(Te(Ted before the faid feventh of May,* by virtue of an extent; be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid, that the commiflioners for execution of this ad (hall fet out and allot to the faid John Wakeham and Richard Wakeham, their heirs and aflignes, fo much forfeited aBd undifpofed land, as may be equal in quantity of Acres unto two full third pnrts of the lands whereof they were fo pofleft, as fuHy and amply as if they had been thereof poffcft upon the feventh of May one thoufand fix hundred fifty and nine ; any thing in this or the former ad contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

' Times Rey- CXXX1X. And be it further enaded by the authority odd reflexed. aforefaid, That the commiflioners for execution of this ad (hall reftore unto James Reynold of Loghfcarr in the county of Letrim, efq; and his heirs, the pofleflion of all and Angular the lands, tenements and hereditaments, which the father of the faid James Reynolds, or ^ny other perfon to his ufe, or in truft for him, were feized or pofTeffed upon the two and twentieth of Odober one thoufand fix hundred forty and one, or at any time fince ; the refpedive adventurers or fouldicrs, their heirs or aflignes now in pofTeflion thereof, or claiming the fame, being firfi Satisfied their refpedive ihares and proportions, and Tor their feveral and refpedive improvements which will be to them by the rules of this ad; and from and after fuch reftitution (o made as aforefaid, the faid James Reynolds (hall hold and enjoy to him, his heirs and aflignes, all and Angular the lands and tenements fo reilored ; any thing in this or the former ad contained tq tlie contrary notwithftanding.

Ring's title CXL. And be it further explained and enaded by the by dciieat to ef- authority aforefaid. That nothing in this or the faid fomtcf O^ooik^n ^ contained (hall any way extend to barr any right or title X-eitr^n faved efeheat, which his Majeftie hath unto the lands, tenements and hereditaments of Con O Rourk in the county of

Leitrim^

Digitized by CjOOQle

Tbi jl vent tenth and eight tenth Yean cf Charles 11.	17

Leitrim, lately deceafed without heirs, and which is found A. D. by inquifuion now remaining upon record in his Majefties 1665. high court of Chancery ; but that his Majefties right and Chap. 2. ride thereunto by efeheat as aferefaid be fully faved and preferved unto his Majeftie, his heires and fucceflors; any Seizure or fequeilration of the premises, or any part thereof, upon the account of the faid late rebellion or warr, or any other matter or thing in this or the faid former ad contained to the contrary notwith Handing.

CXLI. And be it further enaded by the authority afore- Mary Cogh-faid. That the Comnriffioners for execution of this ad fhall J.*" to be out of fuch forfeited lands as (hall remain undifpoled, after "cd# all the Englifh interefts herein provided for (hall be fatisfied, fetout and allot unto Mary Coghlan, widow, the re lid of Terence Coghlan of Kilcolean in the King’s county, efq; deceafed, fo much land as (hall be of like yearly value as die lands, which (he the faid Mary Coghlan formerly held or ought to have held tpr her jointure *, to be held and enjoyed by the faid Mary Coghlan during her life, any thine herein before contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

CXLII. And be it further enaded by the authority afore- Like for lady faid, That the comnriffioners for execution of this ad (hallSianc* out of fuch forfeited lands as (hall remain undifpofed, after all the EngliOi interefts herein provided for (hall be fatisfied, fet out and allot unto Anne, lady dowager of Slane, fo much lands as (hall be of like yearly value as the lands (he formerly held or ought to have held for her jointure, as widow and relid of the lord Dclvin her former hufband ; to be held and enjoyed by the faid lady dowager of blane during her life, any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CXLII[. And be it further enaded by the authority a- John Talbot forefaid. That the comnriffioners for execution of this ad of Malahide do forthwith reftore to John Talbot of Majahyde, all andrc^orcd-fingular the lands, tenements, and hereditaments in the county of Dublin, which he the faid John Talbot held and enjoyed upon the two and twentieth day of Odober one thousand fix hundred forty and one, or at any time fince ; fuch perion or perfons who purchafed the fame of and from Sufanna Baftwick or her children, or their affigns, being firli fatisfied out of the forfeited lands undifpofed by this ad, by an allotment of fo many profitable acres as may be equal in value, worth, and purchafe to the lands fo to be refttired; and after fuch rellitution fo made as aforefaid, the faid John Talbot (hall hold and enjoy, to him and his £rirs, all and fingular the lands, tenements and hereditaments fo re dared, but fubjed to quit-rents; any thing in fubjed to quit-this or the faid former ad contained to the contrary not-Tcat-withftanding.

CXLIV. And

Digitized by C^ooQie

8S	The /eventtenth and eighteenth Tsars of Charles II.

A. D, CXLIV. And be it farther enafted by the authority

1665. aforefaid. That Sir George Harbert of Dorrow in the King’s Chap. 2. county, knight aDd baronet, (hall, by the ccmmiffioners for execution of this aft, be forthwith reftored unto, and Sir George placed in the prefent actual pofleffion of. all and fingulnr Harper reftored. the lands, tenements, and all other hereditaments, right, title, and intereft whatfoever in the faid kingdom of Ireland, which he the faiJ George Harbert, or his uncle S:r Jafper Harbert, deceal-d, or either of them, or any other perfonor perfons in trull for them, or either of them, or t) their or either of their ufe or ufes, had, held, br enjoyed, or of right ought to have held or enjoyed on the two and twentieth of Oftober one thoufand fix hundred forty and one, or at any time fince ; the refpeftive adventurers or fruldiers, their heirs or afligr.s now in pofleffion thereof, claiming the fame, being fiift fatisfied veir refpefti\e (hare and proportions, and for their fevera! and refoeftive improvements which will be due to them by the ru!e$ of this aft, and from and alter fuch reflitution fo mrde as afore-faid, ffiall hold and enjoy ail and Angular the lands tenements, and hereditaments fo to be reftored unto him and his heirs, by fuch tenures, rents and fervices, and no other, (tenures in cafite or by knights fervice oxcepred) as the fnme were held by on the faid two and twentieth day of Oftober one thoufand fix hundred forty and one : any thing in this or the faid former aft contained to the contrary not-withftanding.

SirH TicK CXLV. And be it further enafted hy the authority borne confirmed aforelaid. That Sir Henry Tichbomc, knight, fha.ll hold inlands.	and enjoy to him and his heirs all and Angular the land*,

tenements and hereditaments, which were fet forth un.o him in recompence and fatisfaftion of money, and other

firovifiom, by him fumilhed for relief of the army in Ire-and, between the years one thoufand fix hundred forty and one and one thoufand fix hundred forty and three, which have not been decreed away by the commifiioners for execution of the laid former aft; and that the commiflioncr; for execution of this prefent aft, (hall, out of the forfeited lands which fhall remain undifpofed by this aft to adventurers or fculdicrs, fet out and allot unto the faid Sir Henry Tiichborne fo many acres of profitable lard as may he equal in quantity to the lands io decreed away, to be held and enjoyed by the faid Sir Henry 1 itchborne and his heires, and that like effcftual letters patents (hall be thereof granted ; any thing in this or the faid former aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

Lady Filial CXLVI. And be it further enafted by the authority to be lauafivd. flferefaid, That tl * commiffioners for execution of this aft (hall, out of fuch forfeited lands as (hall remain undifpofed, fet out and allot unto Mabell countcfs dowager of Fingall

Digitized by L^ooQLe

The feventeenth and eighteenth Tears of Charles If.	89

fo much lands as (hall be of like yearly value as the lands A. D. which (he the faid countefs dowager of Fingall formerly 1665. held, or ought to have held, for her jointure ; to be held Chap. 2. and enjoyed by her the f;\id countefs dowager of Fin-gall for and during the term of her life, any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithftand-ing.

CXLVII. And whereas Samuel Avery late of London, ^^dven^r^ alderman, was in his life time an adventurer for lands in ^in^rick™ Ireland, and*did fubferibe and pay in the fum of one thou- veiled in the fand one hundred pounds or thereabout; the fatisfa#ion of King, (fo far as which adventure was afterwards fet out and allotted unto1101 decreed -him, the faid Samuel Avery, in the barony of Conello and away)-county of Limerick, who notwithHanding fuch allotment quitted the pofleifion of his own lot, and entered upon the lot of Sir Charles Lloyd, baronet, another adventurer, Satisfied in part within the fame barony of Conello : which lot continued in the pofTeflion of the faid Samuel Avery, his heirs and afligns, until the fame was lately reflored unto the faid Sir Charles Lloyd: and whereas the faid Samuel Avery did alfo in his life time contra# and agree with the late ufurpers in England for the farm or receipt of certain cuftoms or impofitions upon merchandize exported or imported, then and there ufually paid, and upon fuch his contra# and undertaking became indebted and Hood charged and chargeable with the fum of ten thoufand pounds or thereabouts, as in and by the records thereof remaining in the court of Exchequer in England more fully appears;	'

which faid debt and doty Hands excepted out of the a# of Parliament paffedin England, entituled. An Act of free and genera!pardoni indemnity and oblivion, and remains vefled in his Majeftie, and is Hill unfatisfied, no lands or tenements, goods or chattells of the faid Samuel Aveiy, whereupon the faid debt might be levyed, being to be found in England, and the whole adventure of the (aid Samuel Avery, and the lands therefore fet out in the fuid barony of Conello, although no defalcation therebf be made, are too little to fatisfie the laid debt fo long behind and unpaid : to the end therefore that full fati$fa#ion may be made unto his Majeftie for his faid debt as farr as by the faid adventure is pollable ; be it ena#ed by the authority aforefaid.

That all and fingular the lands, tenements and hereditaments in the barony of Conello, fet out and allotted unto the faid Samuel Avery as aforefaid, not already decreed away by the commiflioners for execution of the faid former a#, into whole hands foever the fame be come by any right or title derived by, from, or under the faid Samuel Avery, his heirs or afligns, (hall remain and continue veiled in his Majeftie, his heirs and fucceflors, in fa:isfa#ion and difeharge Qf the faid debt; and if any part of .the faid ‘	lands

Digitized by v^ooQle

f9	The fevenfeentb and eighteenth Years of Charles II.

A, D. lands have been decreed away by the comnaifiioners for ex-1665.	ccirnon of the faid former ad, the cammiffioners for ex-

Chap. 2.	ecurion of this ad (halJ forthwith afijgne unto his Majeftie

by deed under their hands and leals, to be enrolled in Chancery, fo much more as may be equal in quantity and number of acres to the lands (o decreed away; which lands fo aifigncd (hall be and are hereby veiled in his Majeftie, his heirs and fuccefifors, and difcharged of the ufes or trufls in this or the (aid former ad expreflcd ; any thing in this or the laid former ad, or any other ad, matter, pr dung to the contrary notwithdanding.

VtperfefM CXLVlil. And be it further enaded by the authority named to be re- afore fa id, That the fifty four perfons hereinafter named, ilored to their that is to fay, the carl of Weilmeath, the lord vice-count and 2000 aer£i Jkcrryn, tbe lord baron of Dunboyne, the lord baron of adjoining, Soc. Trymletftown, the lord baron pf Upper Offory, the lord Bermingham baron of Athqnrey, colonel Richard Butler, Sir Pichard Barnwell baronet, Sir Rcdmund Everard baronet, Sir Dermott O ShagnufTey knight. Mailer Edmond Fitz Gerald of Balymalp, mailer Thomas Butler of Kill-Cornell, mailer —	Macnemara of Crevagh, mailer

David Power of Kilbolane, Hinder Donnogh O Callaghan of Clonmccn, mafter Barnard Tolbot of Rathdpwn, Conly Geoghegan^of Do no re, who were menuooed apipngfi the thirty eight perfons in his Majcfties late gracious declaration, and were reilored after reprisals fet out, and (pr whom no previfion hath yet been made ; and alfo the heirs of Sir Lucas Dillon, knight; the heirs of Sir Vallentine Blake, barcnct; Sir Rcbcrt Talbott, knight; Sir Richard Blake, knight; dc<ftcr Gerrard Fennel, Gcoffry Brown, John Brown of the Neale, John WaKh, Thomas Tcrril, Edmund Dillon, Francis Coghlan of Kilcolgan in the King’s county, Robert Nugent of Cartlandllown, Sir John Bourke of Derry Maclaghney, Thomas Arthur, efq; do&or in phyiick; Gerald Fleming of Caftle-Fleining, and Bartholomew Suckpooie, efquires ; who were alio mentioned in the faid former a& to be reflored to their former edates as aforefaid, and for whom nfcprovifion hath yet been pude ; and alfo the lord baron of Brittas, mailer Tute, fon to An-ciic.v Boy Tute of Cull an more, in the county pfWeftmeath,

efq; roadcr----------WaKh, heir of David Walfh of Baly-

beaghaa in the county of Tipperary, c(q; Sir Edmund Bourke, baronet, (on of SirUlick Bourke of Gliuflc in the county of Rofcommon, baronet, deccafed ; Sir Thomas Eftnond, baronet; Sir Lucas Dowdall, knight, (on of Lawrence Dowdall of Athiumney in the county of Meath, efq; matter — WaKh, heir of Walter WaKh of Caf-tie Hoyle in the county of Kilkenny, Efq; Edward Wall

of Ballinikiil in the county of Caterlagh, efq; matter----

•Butler, fon of Theobald Butler, fon of James Butler of

Derry-

Digitized by CjOOQle

Tbi /eventuni b and eighteenth Yean of Charles IT. Derry-Lufcan in the county of llpperary, efq; James Toby* of Killaghee in the county ot Tipperary, efq; Richard Butler of Bailynikill in the county of Tipperary, efq; Philip Purcell of Ballyfoyle in the county of Kilkenny, efq; Sir Edmund Fits Gerald of Clanlifh in the county of Limerick, baronet; Peirce Walfh of Abbey-Owhney in the county of Limerick, efq; John Power of J)oneile in the county of Waterford, efq; Peirce Power of Money-La rgy in the county of Waterford, efq; William Brabazon, the heir of Anthony Brabazon of Galina do in the county of Rofcom-mon, efq; Daniel O Brien of Dnogh in the county of Clare, efq; lord vice-count Iveagh; Sir Edward Fitz Harris of Clogh Notefoy, in the county of Limerick, baronet; John Cantwell of Mokarky in the county of Tipperary, elq; and their heirs and afiignes, fhall, by the commiilioners for execution of this act, be reftored unto their fevcral and re-f pe&ive principal feats, that is to lay, unto their feveml and refpe&ive principal mefTuagea, houfes or cafUes, (KiL nsedan and the lands thereunto belonging excepted) as they fhall refpeflively choofe within two months after the firft fitting of the commifEoners for execution of this ad, and unto two thoufand acres of land thereunto adjoyning, if they or any of them, their or any of their aneedors, or any other in trail for them, or any of them, or to their or any of their ufe, were feizsd or podeffed of fo much upon the twenty fecond of Odober one thoufand fix hundred forty and one, and were thereunto lawfully and rightfully in-titled; and in cafe they or any of them, their or any of their ancedors, or any other in truft for them or any of them, or to their ufe, were not feized or poffefled upon the two and twentieth of Odober one thoufand fix hundred forty and one, of two thoufand acres as afbrefald, then unto fo much thereof as they were ieized or poffefled of as aforefaid, and which lyes contiguous to their refpedive principal feats; and if any of the four and fifty perfons herein before named fhall be found to be in pofieftoa of any meffuage and lands thereunto adjoining, which to them or any of them did rightfully belong upon the {aid twenty fecond day of Odober one thoufand fix hundred forty and one* and the lands fb poflefTcd fhall be found to exceed the quantity of two thoufand acres, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governonr or governours of Ireland and council there for the time being, to caufe fo much thereof as (hall exceed the quantity of two thoufand acres, to be retrenched and cut off in faeh way and manner as they fhall think fit, and the land fb re* treucht, fhall remain and be veffed in his Majefty, to the end that the fame may be farther difpefed to the ufes of this

CXLIX. And

Digitized by v^-ooQle

Thofe not fufficiently provided for (Kali luve further provifion.

Sir Thomas Edmond n«>t re-ftored to poffcf-fion of duke of Albemarle.

If Sir Edward Fite Harris proved guilty of mafiacre, murder, Ac. incapable of benefit by this adl.

The fervent tenth and eighteenth Tears tf Chirles II.

CXLIX. And for the better fupport of fuch of the fifty four perfons herein before named, who (hall not have two thouland acres near adjoyning and lying contiguous unto his and their refpedive feats to which they are to be re-ftored, or having two thoufand acres (hall not be thought to be thereby fufficiently provided for, it is further declared and enadled, That it (hall and may be lawfull to and for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governour and governors of Ireland and council there for the time being, upon due confidcration had of the feveral and refpettive cafes and merits of the perfons aforefaid, to direct and appoint the commiflioners for execution of this a£t to fet out and allot, or caufe to be fet out and allotted, unto any of the per-perfons aforefaid, or their heirs, fo much of the forfeited lands, which (hall remain undifpofed after the feveral pro-teftant interefts herein before provided for (hall be (atisfied, as the faid lord lieutenant or other chief governour or governours and council (hall think fit.

CL. Provided alwayes that nothing herein contained (hall extend to reftorc or intitle the faid Sir Thomas Ef-mond, baronet, to the pofleflion of any meffuages, man-nors lands, tenements or hereditaments, whereof George duke of Albemarle is now in pofleflion by himfelf, or his under tenants, or any ways intituled thereunto; but that the fame (hall be held and enjoyed by the faid George duke of Albemarle, his heirs and afligns ;• any thing herein before contained to the contrary in any wife not-withllanding.

CLI. Provided alfo, that if any perfon or perfons (hall, within the fpace of fix monthes next after the roval aflent to this bill actually given, alleage, before the lord lieutenant or other chief governour or governours of Ireland and council there, that the faid Sir Edward Fitz Harris hath committed any mafihere, murther, or other fuch like hey-nous crime, or cruelty upon the perfons of any of his Ma-jefties good fubjeds, and (hall prov£ the fame by fuch wit-nrfifes, or ether evidence, as the faid lord lieurenant or other chief governour or governours and council there (hall think good proof, that then and in fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawfull to and for the faid lord lieutenant, or o ner chief governour or governovirs and council there, by order of the council, to declare and adjudge him the faid Sir Edward Fitz Harris to be guilty ol the crime or cruelty fo alleaged and proved as aforefaid, and upon fuch declaration and judgment the faid Sir Edward, Fitz Harris and his heirs (hall be and are hereby made incapable of any benefit or advantage in and by this prefent a£t given, or of any rellitution as aforefaid, but (hall rerraine and be, to all intents and purpofes, in the fame plight and condition as he or they would have been, if the laid Sir Edward

Fit*

Digitized by LjOOQle

‘The. /eventtenth and eighteenth Tears of Charles II.

Fitz Harris had not been named in this prefent aft; any thing herein before contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

CLII. And it is further enafted, Txhat all and every the adventurers, fouldiers and commiffioned officers, whoferv-ed before the fifth of June one thoufand fix hundred forty J^ltutl~ and nine, their heirs and affignes, who are to be removed fctilfied. to make way for the reftitution of the four and fifty perfons herein before named, or any of them, (hall be firft fatif-fied by fome other forfeited lands, to be fet out and allotted to them by the commiffioners for execution of this aft, equal in value, worth and purchafe, to the meffuages, lands, tenements shd hereditaments from whence they are to be removed ; and all and every the proteftant purchafors in Conaught and Clare (hall be firll fatisfied by an allotment of land equal in value unto the lands, from whence they are to be removed.

CL III. And be it further enafted and declared by the authority aforefaid. That where any perfon or perfons, now in the poffeffion of any meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, ought to be re prized for the fame, and, after reprifais firft fet out, to be removed thence, to make way for the reftitution of any of the fifty four perfons herein before named, their heirs or affigns, or for the reftitution of any other perfon or perfons herein before or after mentioned, who by the rules of this aft is made reftorable after previous reprizals, that there and in fuch cafe it (hall RcPrifal*. and may be lawful to and for ail and every the perfon or perfons, fo as aforefaid appointed to be removed, to have, receive, and keep the rents, iffues, and profits of all and fingular the meffuages, lands, tenements and heredita-ments, whereof they are now in poffeffion, to their own ufc and behoof, without any accompt to be therefore made or rendered, until the commiffioners for execution of this aft (hall have fet out and allotted unto the perfon or perfons, fo as aforefaid appointed to be removed, fuch forfeited lands, by way of reprizal, as they (hall adjudge to be due to them by the rules of this aft ; and all and every perfon and perfons, who, after reprizals, fet out and allotted by the commiffioners, (hall refufe to accept of fuch reprizals, and (hall detain 'and keep the poffeffion of the lands from which they ought to be removed, lhall account for and pay unto the perfon who ought to be reftored, all the rents and profits received from the time of fetting out fuch reprizals, until the reftorable perfon lhall be put into aftual poffeffion of the fame ; any thing herein before or after contained to the contrary notwitllanding

CLIV. A id be it further enafted. That all and every Leafes bona the leafes wnicn have been made bona fide of any the lands or tenements, winch by virtue of any claufe in this aft are

tocl ’

Thofe remov-

.Digitized by

, google

No refutation (lord Bcrmine-ham excepted) Hull alter the right of officers before 164^ to benefit of incumbrances.

But faid 54 perfons may redeem in two years faid incumbrances.

Pofleffion not deliTcred till incumbrances fatisfied.

Incumbrances on lord Bcrtninglam’s part extin^n idled, tod officers fatisfied.

Tbi frvtj&ttoth and eigJjUtntb Yean of Charles IL to be reftored, fhall be held and enjoyed by the fevcral and refpe&ive tenants daring their refpe&ive leafos, they paying the rents and ferviccs thcreapon referred, ana performing the cotenants and agreements therein contained unto the perfon or perfons, to whom the reverfion thereof (hall appertain ; bat if fuch leafes have been made in confident tion of a fine paid, and by reafon thereof a lefier rent bath been referved than otherwise the premififes were worth to be let, then the perfon to be removed (hall pay or caofe to be paid, unto the perfon to be reftored, the faid fine, and fhall be fatisfied for foch fine ib paid by foch aa allotment of fo much other forfeited lands as after the rate of eight years parchafs may be equivalent thdreunto; and it is farther declared, that no reftitntion made unto any of the perfons herein before named, (the reftitutioti of Francis lord Birmingham baron of Atthunry excepted) fhall any way extend to alter or diminifh the right which the officers, who ferved before the the fifth of June one thoufand fix hundred forty and nine, can or may claim, by virtue of this or the faid former ad, to the benefit arifinr from the redemption of mortgages, ftatutes ftaple, and Judgments which do or may incumber the premises fb to be reftored ; neverthelefs the four and fifty perfons fo at aforefaid to be reftored, their heirs and afiigns (the lord Bermingham excepted) fhall have full power and authority, at any time within the fpace of two years next after the royal aifent to this bill given, to redeem all and every the mortgages, ftatutes, and judgments which have been entered into by any forfeiting perfon or perfons not decreed innocent, and do incumber the, premises; fe as the moneys thereupon due and owing for fuch part of the incumbrances as are within the fecurity fet apart for the commifiioned officers, who ferved before the fifth of June one thoufand fix hundred forty and nine, be paid and fatisfied unto their ufe; the payment whereof fhall be and is hereby declared a fufficient difeharge of fuch incumbrance ; and no poflef-fion is to be delivered of the premiffes untill the refpe&ive forfeited incumbrances thereupon lying be paid and fatif-fied as aforefaid ; and all and every the mortgages, ftatutes, and judgments which have been entered into to any forfeiting perfon or perfons not declared innocent, and do incamber the premifles or any part thereof herein before appointed to be reftored unto the faid Francis lord Bermingham, baron of Atthunry, fhall be and are hereby releafed, barred, difeharged and extinguilhed ; and the commiffi-oners for execution of this a& are to fet out fo much other forfeited land as may be fufficient to fatisfie the officers who ferved before June one thoufand fix hundred forty and nine, for the feverai forfeited incumbrances within their fecurity and extingnilhed as aforefaid.

CLV. And

Digitized by v^ooQle

The fcveiteinth and tightttntb Tiars of Charles II*

95

CLV. Ami to the end that the protefbmts, who, upon' A. D.

Of fince the feventh of May one thoufand fix bcndred fifty 1665. nine, hare been in the a&ual poffeflton of aby mefTirages or Chap. ±. lands which by virtue of this ad fhall be reftored or given V— unto any perfon or perftms herein before or after named, Satisfadion may not wholly lofe the benefit or charges of their refpec- f°r improrc-tive improvements ; be it further enadcd by the authority “?t,to Pro“ aforefaid. That all and every the proteftants fo to be re- ^ tsiemov-moved fhall be and arc hereby enabled to demand, and fhall upon their reqoefts have, leafcs made to them of all and Angular the meffuages and lands in their manual occupations, for three lives, or one and twenty years, at a moderate rent, not exceeding three fourths of the true value of the lands, in fatisfadion of their improvements, except it be a capital meffuage, and then the party to be reftored	/

(hall either make fuch leafe as aforefaid, or pay unto the perfon to be removed, in ready money, the full valae of lerch improvements ; and in cafe of default or refofal to make fuch leafe as aforefaid upon reqneft, or to give fuch fatisfa&iou in money, fhall be and are hereby enabled to reenter, and to retain the faid lands, until fuch leafe made or fatisfadion given as aforefaid ; and to the end there may Commiffion-nOt be ariy difference touching the value of the lands fo to «jj» to fettle be demifed, or of the improvements to be fatisfied as afore- <hncrcllcct* faid, the lord lieutenant, or other chief governour or governors and council for the time being, are hereby enabled, upon the petition of the parties concerned, to appoint fuch commiflioners from time to time as they fhall think fit to fettle the difference aforefaid.	„	-	j,

CLVI. Provided aiwayes and it is cnaded, That no-toi^ reftored thing herein contained fhall enable any of the four and to impropria-fifty perfons herein before mentioned to demand or have, tion of giebc or to be reftored unto, any impropriations or appropriate hadi.' tythes, or to any glebe lands parcel of any re&ory impropriate, but that the fame fhall remain and be to luch ufes, as they would have been by this and the faid former ad, if the faid fifty and four perfbne, or any of them, had not been, named; any thing herein contained to the contrary7 notwtthftanding.

CLV1L And be it further enabled by the authority afore- *^vTltJ^r, faid. That thofe, who were in pofieffion of finy lands Or inters, put ii? * houfes upon the two and twentieth day of Auguft one thou- poffdfion of fnnd fix hundred fixty and three, to which they were re- houfes and aooa flored by virtue of any his Majefties letters, if they or any acrci* of them, their or any of their anceftors, or any other in truft for them, or any of them, were thereof feraed or £of-frfled apon the twenty fccond day of October one thoutend fix hundred forty and one, and thereunto rightfully irttitled, and are not otberwife provided for by thi* ad, fhall by the comitailfioviers for execution of this ad beveftcred nnto and .

I	P«

Digitized by LjOOQle

Yhe fevtntttnth and eighteenth Years of Charles II. put in pofteflion of fuch houfes, and fo much of the lands lying contiguous and thereunto adjoyning, as (hall not exceed the quantity of two thoufand acres; in the doing’ whereof the com mi (Honers are to proceed by the fame rules, orders and direftions, and in like manner and form, as they ought to proceed in the fcttlement and reftitution of any of the four and fifty perfons herein before named, and not otherwife.

CLVII1. And be it further cnafted by the authority to have advovr- aforefaid. That nothing in the faid former aft, or in this prefent aft, herein before or after contained (hall be under-ficci Ac. ftoed t0 8'vc» reftore, or confirm to any Irifh papift or popifh recufant, or any other perfon feized or poffeffed in trull for any fuch Irifh papift or popi(h recufant, any ad-vowfon or right of patronage of or in any ecclefiaflical benefice or promotion, or any right of nomination, prefenta-tion or collation to, or donation, of any fuch ecclefiaflical benefice or promotion; but that all and every fuch advow-fons and rights of patronage, and the rights of nomination, prefentation or ccllaticp to, or donation of any fuch eccle-finftical benefice or promotion, but that all and every fuch advowfons and rights of patronage, and the rights of nomination, prefentation, donation or collation of or to any fuch ecclefiaflical benefice or promotion, (hall veil, remain, and continue, and fo are hereby adjudged to reft, remain, and continue in hisMajeftie, his heirs and fucceflors, until! fuch Irilh papift orpopilh recufant, or the right heir of fuch papift or recufant (hall come to church, and receive the fa-ferament according to the rights of the Church of England, and from and after fuch conformity (hall be again reverted in the perfon fo conforming, and his heirs : any thing in this or the faid former aft contained to the contrary not-with (landing.

Commiffi- CLIX. And be it further epafted by the authority afore-©aert named. faid. That Sir Edward Smith knight, chief juftice of his Majeftie’s court of Common Picas, Sir Edwaid Dering baronet, Sir Allen Broderick, Sir Wiiiiam Churchill, knights, and Edward Cooke efq; and fuch others as upon the death or removal of them, or any of them, (hall be appointed by his Majefty from time to time, fnall be coimnifiioners, andt that they, or any three'or more of them, fhall have power to put in execution all and every the matters of this pre-fent aft, and of the faid former aft, which remain* ftill in force, *and arc direfted to be done by commifituners, or arc not particularly entrulled to fome others by the faid afts, and that they and every of them (hall, before they aft any thing in execution of the faid commiflion, take an oath before the lord chanccllour or lord keeper of the great feale of Ireland, or before the lord chief juftice cf his Ma-jeftie’s court of chief place, or the lord chief juftice of his

Majefties

l’apifts not

Digitized by CjOoq ie

7 he /e venttenth and eighteenth Years of Charles II. /	97

Majefties court of common pleas, or before the lord chief	D.

baron of his Majeftie’s court of Exchequer, for the time 1665. being, which they or any of them have hereby power to Chap. 2. adminifter, as there (hall be occafion, in thefe words fol-lowing.

You Jhall /weary that you Jhall to the hefi 0/your Jkill and Their Oath. knowledge, truly and impartially execute the place and duty of a commifftoner /or putting in execution an ad, intituled, f At ad for the explaining 0/ fome doubts arifing upon an act, inti-tied. An Art for the better execution 0/ bis Majejlie* s gracious declaration for the fettlement 0f bis kingdom 0/ Ireland, andfa-tis/adion of the feveral interejls of adventurers; fouldiers, and other his fubjeds there, and for making fome alterations of, and additions unto the f aid ad, for the more fpeedy and ejfe. iual fettlement of the faid kingdom:] and of fo much as is fill in forcey and retrains to be executedof an other ad, intituled [An ad for the better execution of his Maye/ie's gracious de* duration for the fettlement of his kingdom of Ireland, and fa-tisfadion of the fever al interefls of adventurers, fouldiers, and other his fubjects there,] fo long as you Jhall continue in that employment, and tkei'em you Jhall JJ are no pc/on for favour and affection, nor any perfon grieve for hatred or ill will.

So help you God.

And that in all cafes which (hall happen before the com- Explanation miffioners within the fpace of two years next after their and diredioa firft fitting, wherein the conllrudion of this or the faid for- of Comm iri^n-mer ad (hall appear doubtful to them, or that the ad it-c,™a™and^n-™ felf (hall be found defective in fome points neceflary for JoUcd in"chan-the carrying on of the intended final iettlement, and not eery, (hall be clearly enough determined and provided for by this aft, the binding, com miffioners, or any three or more of them, (hall and may, by writing under their hands and feals, acquaint the lord lieutenant, or other chief governour and governours of Ireland and council there for the time being with their proceedings and the doubts arifing thereupon, and the defeds appearing in this prefent aft; and fuch order of amendment, inlargement of periods, explanation or direction, as (hall be thereupon made by the lord lieutenant or other chief governour or governours and council, by ad of council in writing, for the better and more eafy execution of this ad, and for promoting the ends thereof onely, (hull be as binding to the com miffioners and all ocher perfons, and ef-fedoat, as if the fame had been part of this prefent ad; fo ahvayes that the faid ad and ads of council be made within the faid two years, and inrolled in ti e high court of chancery.

Vol. IL	G	CLX.	And

Digitized by uooQle

Time may be enlarged I Year.

Sheriff*, Jtc. to execute orders of commif-fioners.

General iffue.

Fee* for com miffioners and fuk-commif-fionoct.

The /event tenth and eighteenth Tears of Charles II.

CLX. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the time and fpace of two years, to be computed from the day of the firft fitting of the commif&oners for execution of this aft, fhall be and is hereby allotted onto the faid commiffioners for putting this aft in execution, and for performance of the feveral matters and things hereby intruded to them; and in cafe the fame (hall not then be finifhed, it (hall and may be law full for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governour or governours of'Ireland and council there for the time being, to inlarge the time for the ends and purpofes aforefaid, to fuch other and further periods as they by any aft of council, and iurolled in the chancery of Ireland, fhall think fit to declare, fo as fuch inlargementof time exceed not the fpace of one year from the expiration of the two former ycares ; and that fuch order, as to the enlarging of periods of time, (hall be as good and effeftual in law, as if it had been particularly expreffed and enafted by thefe prefents.

CLXI. And be it further enafted by the authority afbre-faid, That all (heriffs, mayors, bayliffs, and all other officers and minifters of juftice, (hall well and truely execute all orders and decrees to be made by the faid commiffioners, or caufe the fame to be executed, and (hall alfo from time to time obey and execute all fuch precepts, warrants or other commands, as by the faid commiffioners to them or any of them (hail be direfted ; and that the commiffioners (hall have (uch like power of proceeding in the cafes of contempts and mifdemeanours committed in open court, or of willful ne-gleft or difobedience, as any of the four courts at Dublin ao or may lawfully ufe.

CLX 11. And be it further enafted by the authority afbre-faid, That in all fuites and proceedings at law, wherein the authority of this aft may any way availe the tenant or defendant in fuch fuite, it (hall and may be lawful! to and for fuch tenant or defendant to plead the general iffue, and to give this aft and the proceedings thereupon in evidence; and if upon the tryall a verdift pafs, or upon demurrer judgment be given, for the tenant or defendant, or the plaintiff or demandant be nonfuit, that in all and every fuch cafe the party or parties tenants or defendants (hall recover bis or their double cofts and damages.

CLXtII. And be it further enafted and ordained by the authority aforefaid, That the commiffioners, appointed or to be appointed by his Majeftie for the execution of this prefent aft, (hall and may receive for themfelves and for the fub-commiffioners, which they (hailchofe to attend and affift them therein, the fees hereafter mentioned, and no other ; that is to fay, two pence for every profitable Eng-liih acre, which by any fentence, judgement or decree hereafter to be made by the faid commiffioners, fhall be grant*

•cd,

3

Digitized by CjOOQle

The frventtenth and eighteenth Tears of Charles II. ed, affigned, fet out, reffored or confirmed to any adventurer, (ouldier, old proprietor or other Iri(h papift, or to any patentee or grantee, or any other perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate whatfoever, in purfuance of any part of this prefent a ft, or of the faid former dft, or of any provifo or grant therein made, or by the fame or thefe prefents ratified or confirmed, and fuch other fees, falaries and rewards, for and in recompence of their pains and endeavours in the execution of fuch other pans of this and the faid former aft which are intruded to them, as the lord lieutenant, or other chief governour and governours of this kingdom for the time being, and the council (hall think fit and appoint.

CLXIV. Be it hereby further provided and enafted by this prefent Parliament, and by authority of the fame, That to John Paint, no prejudice or damage whatfoever (hall arife to or befall John Paine cfq; for or by reafon or in refpeft of his being neceffitated to accept of an hundred pounds or thereabouts, in the time of the late ufurpers, for the prefent fubfidance of himfelf and family then redding in Dublin, but that as to his full arrears, due before the fifth of June one thou-fend fix hundred and forty nine for fervice in Ireland, the faid John Paine, his heirs and aidgnes, (hall be admitted to have, afk, demand, and receive as full and ample fatisfac-tion for the fame, out of the fecurity by this aft fet apart for fatisfying the arrears of the commiffioned officers before the fifth of June one thoufand fix hundred and forty nine, to all intents and purpofes as if he were to that end f named and provided for, and faved in his Majefties declaration of the thirtieth of November one thoufand fix hundred and fixty, and as any commiffioned officer or officers whatfoever, who ferved in Ireland before the year one thoufand fix hundred and forty nine, and hath hitherto rectived no part of fatisfaftion for fuch his fervice, (hall, may, or ought to receive; any claufe or article, matter or thing whatfoever in this prefent aft,. or any other aft mentioned or contained to the contrary thereof notwith-ftanding.

CLXV. Provided alwayes, and be it further enafted, widow of Sfr That all arrears of pay grown due before the fifth day of Thomas Giffiard June in the year one thoufand fix hundred and forty nine, fctidW, for which Sir Thomas Gifford baronet, deceafed, was to have received fatisfaftion in cafe he had now been living,

(hall be fatisfied unto Dame Martha Gifford, the relift and foie adminillratrix of the faid Sir Thomas Gifford, her heirs and affignes, in fuch and the fame manner as the fame (hould or ought to have been fatisfied to the faid Sir Thomas Gifford; any thing in the aforefaid aft or this prefent aft contained, or any other matter or thing, to the contrary not with (landing.

G x	CLXVI.	And

Sfctisfa&ion

Digitized by L^ooQie

ICO

A. D.

1665. Chap. 2.

Lord Mount Alexander re-prilcd for St. Woolftan's.

Right of Sir T(-im C**L«. ’*> -feir not preju-

Thefiventtenth and eighteenth Yean cf Charles IT. CLXVI. And whereas in and by the faid former aft, the mannor, caftle, town and lands of St. WoolHownes, alias Allens Court, were intended to be fettled upon Hugh earl of Mount Alexander and his heirs, with benefit of reprizal in cafe of reftitution, as adventurers by the faid former aft ought to have had, as in and by the faid former aft more at large appears; fince which time the commiflioners for execution of the faid former aft have by their decree adjudged James Allen to be innocent, and reftored the faid lands to the faid lames Allen and his heirs, again It which, decree and appeal was made to his Majeftie by a petition exhibited by Wiliam Montgomery cfq; on the behalf of the rew carl of Mount Alexander an infant, fon and heir, of Hugh late Earl of Mount-Alexander; on hearing of which cale, and on the defence made by colonel Richard Talbot, to whom part of the lands reftored by the faid decree were for good and valuable corfiderations, and by fufficient af-forances in law, legally et nveyed by the faia James Allen, his Majeftie thought net fit to alter the faid decree, or weaken any of the faid afturanccs: his Majeftie is therefore gracioufly pleaftd that it may be enafted, and be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the commiffioners for execution of this aft (hall'fet out and allot, or caufe to be fet out and allotted, unto the now earl of Mount-Alex-ander, his heirs and aftignes, fo much other undifpofed forfeited lands as may be equal in quantity of acres unto two full third parts of the lands fo evifted and recovered by decree as afortfaid ; and that letters patents (ball be thereof pa (Ted in like manner, and ftiall be of like dfeft, as any other letters patents granted by virtue of this act are or opght to be.

CLXVIl. And whereas in and by certain letters patents faffed under the great feal of Ireland, and bearing date the ftvcmh day of March in the twelfth year of the raign of his Majefties royal Father, the territories and precinft of Fcartry in the county of Wicklow, and certain other manners, lands and tenements in the laid letters patents contained, were thereby given and granted unto Sir John Coke, knight, and his heirs, hi6 late Majefties principal fecretai y of eftate ; and whereas Thomas Coke, kite of Graycs-Inn in the county of Middlefex, his Majefties follicitor General, fon of the faid Sir John Coke, deceafed, was in his life time lawfully feized of, or otheruife intituled unto, the faid territory and precinft of Feartry and other the lands and tenements in the faid letters patents contained, the inheritance whereof, after the death of the faid Thomas Coke deceafed and did defeend and come, or of right ought to

have descended, and came unto ---------- Coke an infant,

onely fon and heir of the faid Thomas Coke deceafed: be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid. That no fe-

queftration

Digitized by CjOoq le

The /event eenfb and eighteenth Tears of Charles II.	-	lot

queftration or allotment of any of the lands or tenements, in the faid letters patents contained, to any adventurer or fouldier, (hall any way barr or weaken the right or title of him the faid------Coke in or to the faid lands or tenements, but that he the faid----- Coke (hall and may hold

and enjoy the fame to him and his heirs, according to the tenor and efFed of the faid letters patents; any thing in this or the faid former a61 contained to the contrary not-withftanding.

CLXVI11. And whereas in this and the faid former a£l Sir Simon great care is taken of the rebel and heirs of Sir Simon Harcourt’* heir Harcourt knight deceafed, upon whom his Majeftics royal10 have Father did, by letters under his privic fignet, appoint that^r ***' lands of the value of four hundred pounds per annum, to be taken out of the forfeited ellate of Luke Nettervil, (hould be fettled, part of which eftate, together with certain houfes in Dublin, were fet out accordingly; and the rebel and heirs of Sir Simon Harcourt thereof poflefled at the time of his Majeflies late gracious declaration, and fo Hill are ; which lands and houfes together are, as is alleaged, flill (hortof the value of four hundred pounds per annum, intended to be fettled as aforefaid: it is therefore explained and enabled by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawfull to and for Sir Philip Harcourt, knight, fon and heir of Sir Simon Harcourt, knight, to hold and enjoy to him and his heirs, the houfes in the city of Dublin, fo as aforefaid fet out and poflefled, fo as the houfes and lands together do not exceed the value of four hundred pounds per annum \ any thing in this or the faid former adl contained to the contrary notwichftanding.

CLX1X. And whereas Thomas Cunningham and cap-t *5555 acres tain Lewis Dick, in the year one thoufand hx hundred	HmerTk

forty two, pretended to have performed acceptable fer- o^^Tho-viccs againft the then rebels in Ireland, by hindering pro- masCunuuio--vifion coming to them by fea, and by relieving the Eng- ham and lifh garrifons which were in diftrefs, wherein tney fo tar gained belief, as that they obtained from the treaiurer for the irilh adventurers an acknowledgment that they paid in feven thoufand pounds as money adventured, &nd for which they likewife had a certificate from the committee of adventurers fitting at Grocers-Hall in London: and howbeit the faid Thomas Cunningham or captain Lewis Dick never Lewis Did* did any fervice on the coaft of Ireland, according to the veiled in -i* faid undertaking, nor paid in any money as other adventu- K,nS-rers did; yet by colour of the laid certificate, there were fet out for the faid feven thoufand pounds the number of fifteen thoufand five hundred and fifty'five acres of land in the county of Tipperary and Limerick, whereof they the faid Thomas Cunningham and captain Lewis Dick, or their afligns, were pofleffed the feventh of May one . •	laud

Digitized by

102

A. D.

1665.

Three pence

for every profitable acre fet to pa^ifb to be

difpofol

thereof.

Carey Dillon reprifei

Tbe jensent tenth and eighteenth Years y Charles II. fand fix hundred fifty and nine: now, leaft by the general rule of the prefent fettlement the faid number of acres, or two third parts thereof fo unduly obtained as aforefaid, fhould be fecured to. the faid Thomas Cunningham and captain Lewis Dick, or their affignes, his Majeflie is graciou/ly pleafed that it be enacted, and be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That the faid fifteen thoufand five hundred and fifty five acres fo fet out as aforefaid, for and on pretence of the faid feven thoufand pounds, (hall be, remaine and continue, and are hereby veiled in his Majellie, his heirs and fucceflors for ever: provided neverthelefs that if the faid Thomas Cunningham and captain Lewis Dick,' their heirs or aflignes, fiiall within two months after the royal aflent (hall be aftually given to this prefent bill, make it appear by full and cleare proof before the lord lieutenant, or other chief governour or govemours and council of Ireland, that the faid adventure-money of feven thoufand pounds was really and bo*a fide iflued and paid in, purfuant to the fevcral afts made by his late facred Ma-leflie for reducing the rebels of Ireland, then they (hall nave the like benefit and advantage by the faid adventure, and out of the faid fifteen thoufand five hundred and fifty five acres, as other adventurers are to have by virtue of this prefent aft.

CLXXf Be it further bnafted by the authority aforefaid. That the lord lieutenant, or other chief governour or governors of this kingdom for the time being, fhall and may a fiefs any fum, not exceeding three pence per acre, in and out of every acre of profitable land of plantation meafure, which is by the late court of claims, or ihall be, purfuant to this or the former aft, decreed or confirmed, or fet out or delivered unto any perfon or perfons of the popilh religion in this kingdom, and the fame to caufe to be levyed by dillrefs or othei wife, and to be paid unto the receivers herein after mentioned, to the intent that five thoufand pounds be paid to Milo Power, efq; his executors, adminiftrators and affignes, and that the refidue may afterwards be iflued out unto fuch of the Roman catholicks of this kingdom, who, as agents or otherwife, fince his Majefties moil happy relii-tution, Ihall by the lord lieutenant or other chief governour or govemours be judged meriting the fame, and that in fuch proportions as the faid lord lieutenant or other chief governour cr governours fhall think fit and direft.

CLXXI. Whereas colonel Cary Dillon hath been difpof-fefled of two thoufand fix hundred and four acres of land, whereof he waspofieflfed the feventh of May one thoufand fix hundred fifty and nine, as being fet out unto him for lervice in Ireland, and which were confirmed unto him by the faid former aft, amounting to three hundred and fifty pounds per annum ; and whereas the late lords juftices had.

Digitized by Google

Ybe /eventtenth and eighteenth Years of Charles IT. by their two orders bearing date the eighteenth and nineteenth of July one thoufand fix hundred fixty and two, af-figned certain lands in the county of Galway unto the faid colonel Cary Dillon for his reprizal of the whole, and alfo for fatisfying of him three hundred and fifty pounds fter-ling, which was one years rent of what he had loft, grown due unto him from the time he had been difpoflefled, but the faid colonel Dillon received no benefit thereby : be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the corn-miftioners appointed to put in execution this ait fhall forthwith fet out and allot unto the faid colonel Cary Dillon, his heirs ?nd affignes for ever, one thoufand feven hundred and thirty five acres of profitable forfeited lands, of twenty one foot to the pearch, being two third parts in quantity of what he hath already loft as a fouldier, and that the fame do in prefent yield two full third parts of three hundred and fifty pounds per annum, being the value of what he hath loft as aforefaid, with as much convenience of building and other advantages thereon as they can, in regard of the con-fiderablenefs of the places and buildings from whence he is removed, which (hall be granted unto him by like letters patents as any other fouldier by this aft are to have ; and if the fai4 commiflioners (hall think it necefifary that a com-miffion be ififued for the inquiry into the value of any lands, cattles, tenements or other hereditaments, in order to the fetting out of the faid reprize, the chancellor, or keeper of the great feal for the time being, are hereby required to ifliie the fame; any thing in this aft or the faid former aft to the contrary notwithttanding.

CLXXII. And whereas upon a folemn hearing before his Majeftie at his council board in England, upon a peti- without grounds tion exhibited by feveral adventurers and fouldiers againft decrecdilU10* Randal lord marquefs of Antrim, and againft the judge- cenU ment and decree given by the major part of the late com-mifiioners for execution of the faid former aft, whereby the faid marquefs was adjudged innocent, his Majeftie, after much time fpent in the examination of the cafe, declared that he faw no caufe why the faid marquefs (hould be adjudged innocent, much lefs that the commiflioners, not at all confidering the proofs which they heard againft the faid marquefs, (hould lay the whole weight of their judgment upon his Majefties certificate, the faid certificate being onely to declare that the marquefs was imployed into Ireland to procure what forces he could from thence to be tranfported into Scotland for his late Majeftie’s fervice under the late marquefs of Montrofs, to the end that the con-verfation of the faid marquefs of Antrim in $he rebells quarters, which was necedary for that fervice, might not, according to the letter of the former aft, render him criminal, if that had been the onely, as it was the leaf!

objeftion

Lord Antrim

Digitized by L^ooQle

A. D.

1665. Chap. 2.

faid decree declared void.

Put confider-

164.	*Tht /eventtenth and eighteenth Years of Charles 11.

objedion againft him ; and therefore his Majeftie refolved that the faid marquefs of Antrim (hould undergo a new tryal; to prevent which, the faid marquefs of Antrim, by an humble petition to his Majtftie, did acknowledge him-felf guilty, and humbly befought his Majeftie, that he might be fupported by his mercy, as being not able to fup-port himfelf by his own innocence : therefore his Majeftie is pleafed that it may be enaded, and be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the faid decree, and all and every claufe therein contained, (hall be and fo is hereby declared to be null and void to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had never been had or made.

CLXXI1I. Neverthelefs, his Majeftie refleding upon the ing his eminent many fervices heretofore performed by the faid marquefs KingCand°hisC towar^s ^1S royal Father of blefted memory, and fomeemi-Father, and that ment ferviccs done by the faid marquefs for his Majeftie mercy ha* been himfelf, the faid marquefs having, befides aflifting him extended to	with arms and ammunition when he was in the weft, fur-

iomewho *s	nilhed him with fhips to make his efcape into forraign parts,

much demented. whcn ^ arn?jcs werc defeated in the weft, and confidering that his Majeftie’s mercy is by this ad extended to fome who have as much demerited, is gracioufly pleafed that it may be further enabled, and be it further enabled by the Marquis of authority aforefaid, That the commiflionejs for execution Anmm reftmed °p tj^s fhall forthwith, and without {laying for any toanc ate tai • prcvious reprizall, fet out, reftore, and allot unto the faid marquefs of Antrim, or caufe to be fet out, reftored, and allotted unto the faid marquefs of Antrim, all and Angular the honors, manners, caftles, mrftuages, lands, tenements and hereditaments, and all other the eftate, right, title and. intereft, whereof the faid Randall lord marquefs of Antrim, or any other perfort in truft for him, or to his ufe, was feized or pofteffed on the two and twentieth of October one thoufand fix hundred forty and one (the lands in the barony of Glanarmc herein after mentioned to be reftored to Alexander Macdonell, and alfo all impropriations and appropriate tithes excepted) and that the faid marquefs of Antrim fhall hold and enjoy all and Angular the lands, tenements and hereditaments fo reftored unto him the faid marquefs of Antrim (except before excepted) and the heirs males of his body begotten ; any thing in this or the faid former ad contained to the contrary notwithftanding : fub-jed neverthelefs to fuch debts and other incumbrances as the fame were or ought to have been fubjed unto upon the {aid twenty fecond day of Odober one thoufand fix hundred forty ar.d one, and to fuch leafes and eftates thereof made for latisf.ldion of creditors as are provided for in and by. the faid former ad, and to the payment of fuch further quit rents as any other lands within the fame county or province arc fubjed unto) and the commiffioners for execu-u ’	*	*	tion

Clanarme re-floret! to Alexander Me. Done! i.

v

Digitized by Google

7 he /eventtenth and eighteenth Tears of Charles II-tion of this aft are hereby required, with all convenient fpeed, to fet out and allot unto all and every the adventurers and fouldiers, their heirs and affignes, who (hall be difpof-fefied by the reftitution of the faia marquefs, fo much other forfeited land as may be fufficient to reprize and fatisfie the Adventurer*, perfons, fo to be removed, for their feverall and refpeftive &c f5“Jovc^* two full third parts which will be due to them by the rules	two

of this aft.

CLXX1V. And for the better enabling the faid marquefs Reverfion in of Antrim to pay his debts, when he (hall be reftored, by fee vetted in fale of land or otherwife, which cannot well be done uniefle	^c*

the reverfion or remainder in fee, expeftant upon the faid eftate tayle, be taken out of the crown ; it is therefore en-afted by the authority aforefaid. That all and fingularthe lands and tenements, fo as aforefaid appointed to be reftored, and all and every the reverfion and reverfions, remainder and remainders thereof, (hall be and are hereby vefted and fettled in Alexander Mac Donnell, brother of the faid marquefs, and his heirs, as a remainder in fee expeftant upon the death of the faid marquefs without if-fue male.

CLXXV. Provided always, and it is hereby enafted.

That no fine, recovery, or other aft or thing whatfoever to

be done or fuffered by the faid marquefs, (other than leafes

for one and forty years or three lives in pofteflion and not

in reverfion, whereupon the higheft improved rent which

the fame were let for in the year one thoufand fix hundred

thirty and five, (hall be referved) touching or concerning

any the meffuages, lands, tenements or hereditaments fitu-

ate, lying within the barony of Donlnce in the county of

Antrim, (hall any way extend tobarr, difcontinue, defeat or

incumber the remainder thereof intended by this aft to be

fettled upon the faid Alexander, but that the faid meffaa- "

ges, lands, tenements and hereditaments in the barony of

Donluce in the county of Antrim, (hall after the death of

the faid marquefs without iflue male of his body, remain Lord Antrim

and be in the faid Alexander Mac Donnel and his heirs ; “ay incumber .

any fuch fine, recovery, or other aft or thing done or fuf-	inaM

fered to the contrary notwithftanding : neverthelefs it is

hereby declared, that as to all other the lands and tenements, ™

fo as aforefaid to be reftored, it (hall and may be lawful to

and for the faid marquefs, by fine, recovery, or any

other way he (hall think fit, to bar, difcontinue, defeat or

incumber the remainder thereof fo limited and fettled as

aforefaid.

CLXXVf. Provided alwayes and it is enafted. That jjot nothing herein contained (hall any way extend to reftore ftorcd to lands" the faid marquefs of Antrim to the poffeffion of any lands, herein, which he the faid marquefs, or his father, did heretofore grant or convey in fee farm to any forfeiting perfon or per- •

fons

Digitized by v^ooQle

dating lord

Antrim Yrcnta andfervicot.

Lady Antrim's dowager not baried.

Alexander Me Donnel cellared.

Thheatt-

iepted.

Premifles retained till re-fiitution by

rnmmifTiQnrrL

7bt fe vent tenth and eighteenth Years of Charles IT. fooa not declared innocent, or to the poffeffion of anv lands whereof he the faid marquefs, or his father, 4id make any leafe for lives or years to any forfeiting perfon or perfons not declared innocent, during the lawful continuance of fuch leafe; but that the lands fo granted in fee farm, or demifed as aforefaid, ihali be put into the pofTeibon of fuch perfon and perfons, for and towards the fatisfaction of their two third parts, as would have been intitled to the fame, if the faid decree had not been made, nor the faid marquefs hereby reftored ; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithilanding; faving to the faid marquefs and his heirs, the rents and fervices due and to be due for the premises.

CLXXVil. Provided alfo that nothing herein contained (hall any way extend to bar or hinder Rofc lady marquefs of Antrim of her right and title of dower of, in, or to any the lands, tenements, or hereditaments fo as aforefaid to be reftored ; but that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid lady marquefs, after die death of the faid lord marquefs her hufband, to fue for and recover her dower of the faid lands and tenements ; any thing in this or the (aid former ad contained to the contrary not-with (landing.

CLXXVIH. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the commilfioners for execution of this ad (hall forthwith, and without (laying for any previous repri-zal, fet out, reftore and allot, or caufe to be fet out reftored and allotted, unto the faid Alexander Mac Donnel and his heirs, all and Angular the lands, tenements and hereditaments in the barony of Glanarm in the county of Antrim, which were fettled or intended to be fettled upon him the faid Alexander Mac Donnel by his late father, aud all other the eflace, right, title, and intereft whereof he the faid Alexander Mac Donnel or any other in trull for him, was feized or poffefTed upon the twenty fecond day of October one thousand Ax hundred forty and one (impropriations and appropriate tythes excepted) fubjed to the debts and incumbrances of him the faid Alexander Mac Donnel, aud fuch other debts as were thereupon charged by the father of the faid Alexander, and lyable to a portionable part of the rent-charge granted to Alice countefs of Antrim, and to fuch quit-rents as by this ad are payable for lands in the fame province; any thing in this or the faid former ad contained to the contrary not-with (landing.

CLXXIX. And to prevent all riots or difturbances, which may happen in taking or keeping poftetiion of the preraiffes, before the final fettlement thereof; it is further declared, that fo much of the premiftes hereby intended to be reftored to the faid marquefs, whereof the (aid marquefs

by

Digitized by LjOOQie

Lady Antrim

Yhe Jeventeenih and eighteenth Years ef Gharfes II. by himfelf or his onder-tenants was in pofieffion upon the firftof July one thoufimd fix hundred fixty and five, (hall remain and continue in his or their pofiefiion, until refthu-tion be thereof made by the commiflioners as aforcfirid; and, that the adventurers and fouldiers, their heirs and affigoes, may retain fo much of the premifies hereby intended to be refiored to the faid marquefs, and the faid Alexander Mac DonneJ, whereof they were in pofieffion the (aid firft of July one thoufand fix hundred fixty and five, until reditu* tion be thereof made by the faid commiflioners, as afore* faid; and that Alexander Mac Donnel may enter upon aH the premifies hereby intended to be refiored to him, which are not in pofieffion of adventurers Or fouldiers, their heirs or afiignes, and the fame to retain and keep in his pofleflion until refiitution thereof be made by the coinmilE-oners as aforefaid.

CLXXX. And be it further enafted by the aothbrity aforefaid. That the manner of Edenduficarick, and all to enjoy land* other the lands, tenements and hereditaments in the baro- j^kther*1 ^ nies of Toom and Antrim, which were given and bequeathed to Rofe lady marquefs of Antrim, by the lafi will and tefiament of Sir Henry O Neile her deceafed father, (hall be held and enjoyed by the faid lady marquefs ahd her heirs; any profecution had againft die faid flord marquefs her hufband, or any other matter or thing m this or the faid former aft contained to the contrary nottfitk-ftanding.

CLXXXI. Whereas by a decree of the ktb court of Robert City-claims, Patrick Colclough was refiored to an cftate in ton aud John the county of Wexford, in remainder after the death of Morris to hold Dudley his father, part of which was by a claufe in the m Wc*‘ faid former aft vefted in Robert Clay tort and John Morris m in trufi for Sir John Cutler and others in the faid aft mentioned, and had before that time been purchafed from foul-diers or other reprizable perlbns, in order to the Crefting of iron works which have fince accordingly been ereded* hnd are of publicque benefit to this nation, and the in* creafe of his Majefties revenue, and if the faid decrees (hould remaine in full force, the faid advantages might be loft, for the prefervation thereof, it is therefore enafted, and be it enafted by this Parliament, That the faid John Morris and Robert Clayton (hall and may have, hold, and enjoy fuch part of the lands contained in the (aid Patrick Colclough’s decree, as they were formerly feized of, againft the faid Patrick and Dudley, and their heirs,/ and againft the faid decree made as aforefaid.

CLXXXII. And it is further enafted. That in lieu and Colclough compenfation thereof, the faid Patrick Colclough (hall have ©f reprifid^&e! the full benefit of the reprizal due to the faid John Mor- P 9 ris and Robert Clayton upon the faid decree; and that until

Digitized by v^ooQle

lo8

A. D. 1665. Chap. 2.

Sdd iron works to bo kept up*

Sir George Lanes agreement witk Philip Hore confirmed.

The Seventeenth and eighteenth Tears of Charles IT. til the faid reprisals (hall be fet out, that the (aid lands, hereby fettled on the faid John Morris and Robert Clayton, (hall be chargeable and are hereby charged with the annual rent of one hundred pounds payable yearely on the firft dayes of Majr and November, and made lyable to the diftrefs of the faid Patrick upon non-payment thereof, at the faid dayes of payment; and that as foon as the faid re-prizals (hall be fet out as aforefaid, the faid yearly rent (hall ceafe and ab(olotely determine.

CLXXXIIL And to the end that the faid iron works may be kept up, it is like wife enabled, that if the faid former or ancient proprietor, or his heir, of any the lands, whereof the faid John Morris and Robert Clayton are now feized in the faid county of Wexford, (hall be or is by this aft restored to his eftate, then and in fuch cafe the faid John Morris and Robert Clayton and their heirs (ball notwith-llanding have, hold and enjoy fuch part of the faid former proprietors eftate as they now (land feized of, and the faid proprietor forfo roach is elfewhere to be reprized ; any thing in this prefent aft, or any other aft of Parliament contained to the contrary in any wife notwith-ftanding.

CLXXXIV. Whereas his Majeftie by feveral letters patents under his great feal of Ireland, whereof one patent was dated the fifteenth of February one thoufrnd fix hunt dred and (ixty in the thirteenth years of his Majefties raign, the other dated the tenth day of July one thoafand fix hundred and fixty three in the fifteenth year of his Ma-jefties raign, did amongft other things give, grant and confirm, or mentioned or intended to give, grant and confirm ui£0 Sir George Lane knight, and his heirs, all the caftles, mannors, hoofes, lands, tenements and hereditaments, and other intereft whatfoever, which Philip Hore late of Kilfalchan, attainted of high treafon, was feized or poftefled of at the time of his faid attainder, fince which time two feveral decrees have been made in the late court of claims in this kingdom, to the prejudice of the faid grants, one at the fnite of the fon and daughters of the faid Philip Hore attainted, for portions, and the other at the fuite of the fons of Philip Hore the younger, fon to the faid Philip attainted, for feveral remainders, which decrees were, upon a petition exhibited to his Majeftie by the faid Sir George Lane, quefUoned, and on hearing of the caule it was ordered that the faid Sir George Lane lhould be at liberty to impugne the faid decrees by any matter in faft or law that he could objeft againft them, whereupon the faid Philip Hore the younger, who made defence in the faid caufe before his Majeftie, and the faid Sir George Lane did mutually agree, for avoiding of all future differences

Digitized LjOOQle

\

% he Seventeenth aiid eighteenth Ytarl of Charles If. ferences touching that matter, that all the faid eftate'and in te re ft ihould be divided, and a (hare thereof fettled on the faid Sir George Lane and his heirs, for quitting his whole pretenfe and right to that eftate, and the remain thereof fettled on the laid Philip Hore the younger and his heirs for all his pretenfes, and the pretenfes like wife of his brothers, lifters and children to that eftate ; which agreement the faid parties did by their joint pennon humbly defire to be eftablilhed by feveral provifocs in this aft : whereupon his Majeftie was gracioufly pleafed that it ihould be enafted by the authority aforefaid, and it is hereby enafted, that the laid feveral decrees be and are hereby made null and void, as if there had never been any foch, and that the faid Sir George Lane (hall be and hereby reftored unto, fettled, confirmed and eftablilhed in the prefent and aftual eftate of Philip feizin and pofleflion of the mannor, caftle, town and lands }*orc. the elder of Kiifalchan, with a windmill and fix meftuages, containing [i^d^sjr by eftimation three hundred acres of land, be it more or George Lane, lefs, within the county of Dublin, with a court leet and court baron to be held within the faid mannor of Kiifalchan: the meadow called the lords mead in the fields of Stradbaliy; a mefluage and ten acres of land in Stradbaliy aforefaid in the fields thereof next adjoyoing to the lords mead aforefaid ; and ail other the faid Philip Hores lands in Stradbaliy aforefaid, now or late in the tenure or pofleflion of John Murphy, John Quin and Walter Ryan, or one of them j one mefluage and forty aqres of land with the appurtenances in Swords ; one mefluage and five acres of land in Rolls town ; two mefluages, one pigeon houfe, one hundred acres of land, ten acres of meadow, and ten acres of paf-ture, with the appurtenances in Ardlaw ; niue mefluage?, nine gardens, and one hundred acr of land, with the appurtenances in Stradbaliy, commonly called Bealings land in Stradbaliy ; the vilage, hamlet and lands of Great King-ifton, with the appurtenances, containing by eftimation one mefluage and fourfeore acres of land, two houfes with gardens, and a park or orchard, commonly called Pond park, to them belonging, in Newftreet in the fuburbs of the city of Dublin ; one cTofe or park commonly called Barries park,

' without Bongans Gate, all lying and being in the pari(h of St. Nicholas, barony of Uppercrofs, and county of Dublin ; fifty (hillings yearly tent ifluing out of the mannor of Weft-palihnvn ; nine pence chief rent out of the lands of Crin-feraih; nine pence chief rent out of the lands of Knight-field ; and thirteen (hillings and fourpence chief rent out of Dowdes land, Bealings land, and Talbots land in Strad-bally aforefaid ; the town and land* of Paflockes town and Maces-town in the aforefaid county ; the town and lands of Kilmore in the barony of Coolook and county aforefaid, by virtue of a mortgage from one Chriftopher Nugent of Ro-

bins-

Part of the

Digitized by Google

lio	fbt jeutnttenth a*J tigbiuntb Temrs of Charles H.

A. D. bins-town, in confideratkm of one thoufand four hundred 1665. pounds; all which lands, tenements, hereditaments and

Chap. a.	chief rents, are fituate, lying and being within the county

of Dublin aforefaid ; and alfo of three mefiuages, two'fta-bles, one piece of wafte ground, one garden, and other edifices neer the faid liable, in the parim of St. Bridget, fometimes in the pofleflion of William Badger, or his undertenants, within the county of the city of Dublin, and fub-urbs or liberties thereof; two mefla&ges with the appurtenances in Oxxnantown, in the parilh of St. Michans, fome-tixnes in the pofleflion of Peter Decoder ; one brick hoofe, three mefiuages covered with draw in Oxmantown afbre-faid, which Patrick Martin and Peter Decoder fometimes held ; one melfuage or tenement in Mary Lane in Oxman-town aforefaid, which James Lewefiy fometimes held ; one dated mefluage, and one dable in_Pill Lane in Oxman-town, which the aforefaid James Lewefiy fometimes held ; one brick hoofe with the appurtenances in Pill Lane in Oxmantown, fometimes in the pofleflion of Margaret Lewefiy deceafed ; one other brick houfe and garden, two fcveral cottages upon Cock-hill neer St. Mary Abbey, which John Filher Taylor formerly held; one mefluage with the appurtenances in Mary Lane in Oxmantown, fometimes m the pofleflion of John Arundell; one mefluage with the appurtenances in Mary Lane aforefaid, fometimes in the polTeffion of Barbara Bath; two mefiuages with the appurtenances in Pill Lane in Oxmantown, which Edward May deceafed ibmedmes held : one (hop or room in Highdreet under the houfe wherein Robert Dowling formerly lived, which (hop was held by John Jourdan ; one thatch’t houfe or mefluage with the appurtenances in St. Mary Abbey, in the parilh of St. Michans, which John Hore fometimes held; a mefluage with the appurtenances in Highdreet, in the parilh of St. Michaels, fometimes in the pofleflion of Richard Barry of Dublin Alderman ; one piece of wade land in Bull Lane in Oxmantown, formerly in the pofleflion of John Moore merchant ; one piece of wade ground whereon two mefiuages were built in St. Francis Street, formerly in the pofleflion of William Lock; one mefluage or tenement with one garden and the appurtenances in Oxmantown neer Filhers Lane, in the pofleflion of George Carle ton enquire; one garden or wade plot of ground in Cookflreet, in the parilh of St. Audeons, upon which are now houfes built by one Robert Eofiace, and now in the pofleflion of Bryan Jones elquire ; one mefluage or tenement with the appurtenances on the merchant quay, in the parifli of St. Audeons, (bmetimes in the pofleflion of John James and others, which the faid Philip Hore held from Chriflopher Chilham of Drogheda merchant for certain years yet to come, yielding thereout yearly to the (hid Chriflopher and

his

Digitized by CjOOQle

The fevmteenth and eighieentb Tears of Charles II. his heirs nine pounds fterling, at the feafts of Eafter and St.

Michael the Archangel, which rent the laid Chriftopher did mortgage unto the faid Philip for ninety poundsfterling ; one piece of ground called the bean yard in Oxmantown in the parifh of St. Michans, late in the pofleffion of Sir Antony Morgan knight ; one houfe on the pavement in Oxmantown aforefaid, leading to Youngs caftle, fomedtnes in the pofleffion of Walter Scanlon ; all which houfes, tenements and premifTes are fituated, lying;, and being within the city and county of the city of Dublin, or in the county of the city of Dublin, or in the fuburbs or liberties thereof, together with all other the houfes, lands, tenements, and intereft formerly belonging or in any ways appertaining to the faid Philip Hore within the faid city and county of the city of Dublin, the fuburbs and liberties thereof; and *!fo the town and lands of Bulls-town, the town and lands of Clatters-town, with a water-mill and pigeon-houfe, and part of the town and lands of Cales-town, the towns and lands of Bewtown and Swines-deane, all lying and being in the county of Meath; and all other the lands, tenements and hereditaments formerly belonging or appertaining to the faid Philip Hore in the faid county of Meath; and that he the faid Sir George Lane, his heirs, executors or adminiftrators refpeftively, (hall have, hold, poflefs and enjoy all and lingular the premifles, with all the rights, members and appurtenances, rents, iffues and profits, and all other advantages whatfoever to them and every of them belonging or appertaining, to the ufe of him the (aid Sir George Lane, his heirs, executors, adminiftrators and afligns refpeftively, fubjeft to fuch rents and fer-vkcs as the lame are liable unto by this aft; and the faid feverai and refpeftive letters patents, as to all things therein contained, and not herein after changed or altered, (hall be and are hereby ratified and confirmed ; any thing in this prefent aft, or any other former aft, caufe, matter, or tiring to the contrary notwithftanding.

CLXXXV. And be it further enafted by the authority .................

aforefaid. That the faid Philip Hore, the fen, (hall be and lip Hore the is hereby reftored to his blood, and (hall and may derive younger, re-his pedigree and defcent from all and every of his anceftors ^°Ti lineal and collateral, other than as to the premifles fo fettled on the faid Sir George Lane as aforefaid ; and that he the (aid Philip Hore (hall be and is hereby reftored unto, fettled, confirmed and eftabliftied in the aftual and prefent feizin and pofleffion of the town and lands of Caftlenock and Iriftuown, with a mill and falmon wyer thereunto be* longing on the LiSy, Hartftown, Stahcnny, Gaftle-Cur-ragh, alias Curragh, Ballid'owde, Rickinhead, Ballybog-gon, Loflc, alias Lufks land. Rath, Lucaftown, The Logh, alias Loghes Hill, alias Bullogs land, the Rath of Killofe-

n*

Part in Phi-

in blood.

Digitized by LjOoq le

II z	The	fi'Venteentb	and	eighteenth	Years	of	Charles II.

A. D. ry, olios Afhborn-Rath'; two Watermills in the town of

166$. Killofery, with three acres of land thereunto belonging : Chap. 2. Blackhall, containing fixty acres, lying in the parifh of Killofery : Beauford with twenty acres thereunto adjoyn-ing, late in the tenure of Walter Ryan and John Ryan,

and now leafed by the faid Philip Ho re to Richard----------

Shoomaker; Correftowne fixty acres, Coolcoigh, Dunmucky; and the twenty acres, alias Thornetown, Chappell Midway ; one (hilling chief rent out of Kilmartin, eight pence chief rent out of Afhtowne in the county of Dublin ; as alfo (hall be and is hereby reflored unto, fettled, confirmed, and eftablifhed in the adual and prefent feizin and pofTeilion, of one burgage in St. Maryes parith in the town of Wexford ; one. toft called Allens walls in St. Peters parijh in the faid town of Wexford; one waitc mefluage and fifteen acres of land called Farrans-town, alias Lackans land in Taghmon*; the mannors of Skallrifh, alias BallimaOcalriQi, and Kildowan, containing the caftle, town and lands of Drin&gh, Abiin-flown, Stapoleftown, Doomfhtown, Mill-town, Whits-town, Levets-town, Rows-town, Kellis-town, Synotts-town; in Great Killian twenty acres, in Whits-town called Morrif-gate, forty acres, in Jackets-town, little Ballifenack, Mor-rens-town, Gurtchynininog, Quoans-town, Polebreane, Far deles town, the commons of Drynagh containing fixty five acres, Bogganftown, Carran in Carne, containing two acres, Cullentragh, a plott of ground on the caflle hills in Wexford, Ballcfhellan, Martells-knock, Graigfhallagh, little Johnftown the Dirr, Youngeftown, Harvieftown, and the mill thereunto belonging, Pole-Hore, Bolgerflown, and Muchy-wood, and Mullinderry with the appurtenances, all lying and being in the county of Wexford ; and that he the laid Philip Hore (hall have, hold, poffefs and enjoy all and lingular the premises to him and his heirs againfl the King’s Majefty, his heirs and fuccefTors, and againk the faid Sir George Lane and heirs, and all claiming by, from, or under them, or any of them by virtue of this or the faid former ad, with all the rights, members and appurtenances, rents, ifiues and profits, and all other advantages whatfoever to them and every of them belonging and appertaining, to the ufe of him the faid Philip Hore, his heirs, executors and adminiflrators refpedively for ever, fubjed unto fuch rents and fervices as the fame are lyable unto by this ad; this prefent ad, or any other ad, law, fla-tute, ordinance, order, grant, decree, outlawry, attainder, record, provifion, fequeilration, diftribution, allotment, judgment or convidion, or any other claufe, matter, or thing to the contrary notwith flan ding.

CLXXXVI. His

F-

Digitized by

Google

The /eventtenth and eighteenth Tears of Charles IL CLXXXVI. His Majeftie having taken to his princely consideration the many faithfull and acceptable Services of Sir George Hamilton, knight, performed afwell to his late Majeftie of glorious memory, as to himfelf in the wars of Ireland, and that in feveral qualities, as captain of horfe, sir George colonel and captain Of foot, governour of the caftle of Ne-nach, and other capacities, for which there were arrears to rc^for his great value accrued to the faid Sir George Hamilton be- ferrice*. fore and after the fifth of June one thoufand fix hundred forty and nine, which, though not ftated, are, by agreement and confent between him and other the commifiioned officers and truftees ferving in Ireland before that time, reduced to five thoulhnd pounds fterling: be it therefore enafted by the authority aforeiaid. That the faid Sir George Hamilton {hall in full fatisfaftion of all perfonal arrears due unto him for his fervicc in Ireland, in the feveral employments he had there before and after the faid fifth day of Tune one thoufand fix hundred forty and nine, be fatisfied the fum of five thoufand pounds fterling, out of the fecurity fet apart and defigned by this, and the faid former aft, for fatisfaftion of the arrears of fuch commifiioned officers as ferved his Majeftie or his faid royal father in the wars of Ireland at any time before or after the fifth of June one thoufand fix hundred forty and nine, in fuch manner as by the faid agreement is directed ; this aft, or any other aft, or matter to the contrary notwithftanding.

CLXXXVII. Provided always, and be it enafted by the ohuitthr authority aforefaid. That where any lands, tenements or former hereditaments, which were feized, fequeftered, or fet apart b7 letter* pa-upon account of the late rebellion or warr, have been^**J> ** herein* given and granted by any particular claufe or provifion in SSds«5^° the faid former aft mentioned, or by any letters patents under the great feale of England, or under the great feal of Ireland, to any perfon or perfons, whofe eftates therein were confirmed by the faid former aft, or are confirmed by this prefent aft, and whereof a third part hath not been already evifted by fome decrees herein confirmed, (the • Particular lands granted to his royal Highnefs James duke of York, grants excepted* George duke of Albemarle, Arthur earl of Anglefey, Roger earl of Orrery, Charles late earl of Mountrath, Richard lord baron of Coloony, Charles late earl of Falmouth,

Theobald earl of Cariingford, Henry lord Arlington,

John lord Kingfton, Chidley Coot and Thomas Coot, efquires, the relift and heirs of Sir Simon Harcourt, and the relift and children of Colonel George Cook, Sir William Penn, Sir Theophilus Jones, Sir George Ayfcough, the orphans of colonel Owen O Connell, Sir George Ra^don baronet. Sir George Lane, Edward Vernon, efq; Erafmus Smith, efq; ana the lands conveyed or mentioned to be conveyed by John Parker to certain truf-Vol. II.	H	tees

Thi fivautnth *mi dghtantb Yisrs •/ Charles II. tees for pioos ufes, which trnftees are hereby made refpon-Able to the lord lieutenant* or other chief governour and

§overnours and council there for the time being, touching le execution and performance of the (aid chanty, and the lands granted to any perfon or periods in fetisfhftion of arrears due for fervice done in Ireland, or in fadsfaftkm of any debt owing to them for proviftons for the army or nary in Ireland, and the lands which by the faid former aft are reftored to former proprietors onely excepted) that there and in fuch qtfes, the laid proriibes, claries, grants and letters patents (hall be underftood, and (b are hereby declared to be good and ralid for no more than two foil third parts of the lands, tenements and hereditaments therein mentioned, and thereby granted, and as to one third part of the lands, tenements, and hereditaments therein contained, Hull be and fo are hereby declared to be null and void» any thing in the faid provifoes, claofes, letters patents, or in the faid former aft, or in this prefent mates* to have aft contained to the contrary notwithfUnding; neverthe-nUerty of re- lefs fuch grantees, and all thofe who claim under them, treochment. ihajl have like liberty of retrenchment, and in like man* ner and form as adventurers and fouldiers are to have by the rules of this aft; and the third part, fo as aforefaid to be rctrcncht, (hall remain and be veiled in his MajefHe, his heirs and fucceftbrs, to be difpofed and applyed to fych ufes as other forfeited lands by this aft OQgnt to be ; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

CLXXXVIII. Provided alfo, and be it enafted by the of laadt authority aforefaid. That out of all the lands which have &iri<h ^eei1 ^ccrcc^ to any Iriih papift, popifh recriant, or Ro-Efrcii^i yea/* man catholick* by virtue of any decrees not grounded np-rtau 7 on fome particular provifo in the faid former aft, and made by the commiflioners for execution of the faid former aft, after the fecond day of July in the year of oar Lord one thoufand fix hundred fixty and three, and herein confirmed, one year’s rent according to the valloes the fame were let at in the year one thoufand fix hundred fifty and nine, over and above all other the rents and payments by this aft impofed or made levy able, (hall be raifed and levyed, and paid unto the receivers herein after men* tioned, by two even and equal payments; the firft payment thereof to begin upon the firft day of November, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred fixty and feven; and the fecond payment thereof to be upon the firft day of November, which (hall be s in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred fixty and eight, under the penalty following ; that is to far, eve-dftthle the fum Ty perfon lyable to the payment of any part of tne find on (Uutut.	year’s

Digitized by LjOOQle

The fi*ventetnth and kigbteentb Tears of Charles II. year’s rent, and making default, and failing to pay the lame by the fpace of twenty days next after any the days and times whereip the fame ought to be paid, fhall be chargeable and is hereby charged with double the fum which ought to have been paid as aforefaid, to be levyed by pro-cels out of his MajefHes court of Exchequer, in like manner as any other the rents herein before impofed or appointed to be levyed; and the faid receivers herein after Receiver* to mentioned are to pay the moneys by them received from P*y*° tllc v,ce* time to time unto Arthur earl of Anglefey, vice-treafurertrcaftlrcr* of Ireland, or unto the vice-treafurer of Ireland for the time being; and the faid Arthur earl of Anglefea, or the vice-trealurer of Ireland for the time being, is hereby appointed to iffue out and pay all and Angular the moneys which by virtue of this claufe (hall be received and paid in, orotherwife levyed as aforefaid, unto fuch Irifh papifts, popilh recufants and Roman catholicks, as ferved under his Majefties enfigns abroad, and are particularly mentioned in the late declaration, and were ieized of or indtled unto any lands, tenements or hereditaments, upon the three and twentieth of Oftober one thoufand fix hundred forty and one, to which they are not yet reftored, and in fuch parts and proportions as the lord lieutenant or other chief govemour or governours of Ireland for the time being fhall dir eft and appoint.

CLXXXIX. And whereas in the faid former aft it is pro- The King vided, that the fum and fums of money which have been rekafc* hit forfeited by any adventurer or adventurers, by reafon he or ™£ht to forfeit-they did not fatisfie or pay in their full proportions or fums of money refpeftivcly fubfcribed by them, according to the Swneys tenor of the afts of Parliament of the feventeenth and by forfeited eighteenth of King Charles the hr ft, be and are hereby fobferiptions. vefied and fettled in his Majeftie, his heirs and fucceffors, as in and by the faid aft more fully appeareth ; which forfeited fubfcriptions, adventures or fums of money are commonly called by the name of lapfed money : and whereas his Majeftie for the better increasing of the flock of undif-pofed forfeited lands, and to the end that more of the ancient and former proprietors may come to be reftored, is gracioufly pleafed to relinquifh his fansfaftion of the faid lapfed money by or out of any forfeited lands to be there-

fore fet out, and to accept of the fum of thirty thouiand pounds fterling, to be paid unto his Majeftie in lieu and re-

compence thereof: be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid, that his Majeftie’s right and title in and 'to any forfeited lands, in recompence of and fatisfaftion for the faid lapfed moneys fhall be and is hereby releafed and dif- td T2^e yOOQ\t charged; and further, that it fhall and may be lawful to up<m lands re-and for the lord lieutenant, and other :hief govemour or ftored to old H 2	gover-

lriih papjfu.

yr

Digitized by



t

1x6

A. D.

1665. Chap. 2.

5000I. thereout to Rd Stratford.

Cuftoms of Str.inftord and Ardlals loM by loi d Kildare to the King.

The feventeenth and eighteenth Years of Charles II. governoursof Ireland and council there for the time being, to aflefs and impofe upon all and every the lands, tenements and hereditaments, which by virtue of this aft (hall be re-flored or confirmed to any former proprietors of tbe po-pith religion, or granted to any the Roman catholicks of Ireland, fuch further and other fums as they fhall think fit for the raifing and levying of thirty thoufand poundsfter-ling, irt the moft equal and indifferent way that may be, to be paid unto the receiver hereinafter mentioned by two even and equal payments, the firft payment thereof to begin upon the firtt day of May, which (hall be in the year of our lord God one thoufand fix hundred fixty and Hx ; and the fccond day of payment to be upon the firft day of November, in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred fixty and fix ; and in cafe any perfon or perfons lyable to the payment of any part of the faid thirty thoufand pounds, fo as aforefaid to be aflefled and impofed, fhall make default of payment by the fpace of one and twenty days next after any the days and times wherein the fame ought to be paid* then tbe perfon fo making default fhall be changeable and is hereby charged with double the fum which ought to have been paid as aforeiaid ; and the vice-treafurer of Ireland for the time being fhall ifiue out and pay, or caufe to be iffued out and paid, unto Richard Stratford of London, gentleman, his executors, adminiftrators and affigns, the turn of three thoufant) pounds Jierling, and the refidue thereof being twenty feven thoufand pounds, and all other the forfeitures and penalties which lball be incurred for non payment of the faid thirty thoufand pounds, unto fuch perfon and perfons, and to and for fuch ufes as the faid lapfed moneys, or the lands to be fet out in fatisfaftion of the fame, were or ought to have been granted in purfuance of his Majeflies fevcral and refpeftive letters under his royal fignet, bearing date upon the tenth, or eleventh, or the twelfth day of February in the fourteenth year of his Ma-jeilies reign, and in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred lixiy and two, or by any other letters under his Majeflies royal fignet, or by any letters patents to Roger earl of Orrery cr others; any thing in this or the laid former aft contained to the contrary notwitbftanding.

CXC. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, that all the cuftoms, duties and impofitions of what nature or kind foever, which are or (hall be due for any goods, wares or merchandize imported into, or exported out of the ports ana havens of Strangford and Ardlafs, or either of them, or any the members thereof, or creeks thereunto belonging, heretofore the inheritance of Wentworth late earl of Kildare, and by him fold uoto his Ma-jeftie, (hall be and are hereby ve(t,ed in the King’s Majeflie, and (hall be held and enjoyed by his Majdtie, his heirs and

fuccefiors;

3

\



Digitized by





Google

The fervent tenth and eighteenth Years of Charles II.	117

fuccrflbrs ; any defed in the conveyance thereof to his A. D. Majeftie, or other matter or thing td the contrary not- 1665. with Han ding.	Chap.	2*.

CXCI. And be it further enaded by the authority afore-

faid, That the capital melTuage, mills mannors, towns and Chappel-Izzod

lands of Chappel Xzzard, ai'uis Izzod, with all the rights,	r

.	j r	,	r	&	j	Maurice huf-

membrrs and appurtenances thereof heretofore conveyed, Ucetothc King.

or mentioned to be conveyed, or contracted for, by or in behalf of the King’s Majettie, and agreed to be conveyed by Sir Maurice fcuftace, knight, late lord chancellor of Ireland, unto the King’s Majeitie, and for which part of the purchafe money hath been paid by the King’s MajelHe unto the faid Sir iViaurice Eullace in his life time, (hall upon payment of the refidue of the purchafe money unto the lawful executors of him the faid Sir Maurice Euftace, be and is hereby veiled in the King’s MajelHe, his heirs and fiicceffors, and (hall be held and enjoyed by his Majeftie, bis heirs and fucceffors, againft the laid Sir Maurice Euf-tace and his heirs, and all and every other perfon and per-fons claiming by, from or under him or them, or any of them'; any defed in the conveyance or aflurance of the premises, any thing in the faid former ad or this present ad, and' any othpr matter or thing whatfoever to the contrary in any wifenotwithttanding.

CXCII. And be it further enaded by the authority afore- John Neil faid. That the commiflioners for execution of this ad Hull r^Tr:l»d. fet out and allot, or caufe to be fet out and allotted, unto Major John Neil fo much of the undifpofed and forfeited lands in the barony of Barrymore in the county of Corke, as may be fuificient to reprize him the faid John Neil for the houfes in Waterford, whereof *his father wiis feized and poireffed the two and twentieth of Odober one thoaland fix hundred forty and one; any thing in the faid former ad, or this prelent ad, contained to the contrary notwith-ilanding.

CXCI IT And be .it further enaded by the authority sir Luke aforefaid. That the commiflioners for execution of this pre- Bath rettored. fentadlhall reftore unto Sir Luke Bath, baronet, and his heirs, ail the cattles, houfes, mannors, lands, tenements and hereditaments, rents, reverfions or remainders, right, title, intereft and eftate whatfoever, which he the faid Sir Luke Bath, or his deceafed father James Bath, or any other in truft for them, or either of them, or to their or either of their ofe, was feized or poflefled on the two and twentieth day of Odober one thoufand fix hundred forty and one, (except the houfes and lands within the city of Dublin and liberties thereof, and alfo except all impropriations and appropriate tythes) which faid mannors, lands, houfes and hereditaments, fo as aforefaid to be rettored, ftalt after fuch rettitution be held by the faid Sir Luke Bath,

and

Digitized by c^ooQle

The fc'uentttntb and eight tenth Tears of Charles II. and his heirs and affignes, and (hall be fubjeft to inch quit-rents, fer vices, and other payments as the fame are made lyable unto by this aft, and would have been charged with, in cafe the fame had continued in the poffeffion of any the adventurers or fouldiers, or of their, or any of their heirs or affigns : and it is hereby declared and enafted, That the commiffioncrs for execution of this aft (hall forthwith fet out and allot unto the (aid Sir Luke Bath and his heirs fo much forfeited lands in lieu of the faid houfes and lands in Dublin, formerly belonging to him the faid Sir Luke Bath or his father, and to which he is not to be reftored, as may be fufficient to reprize him the faid Sir Luke Bath and his heirs for the houfes and lands aforefaid : and the faid com-miffioners are alfo to fet out and allot unto his royal high-York and others nefs James duke of York, and his heirs, fo much other reprifcd. forfeited lands as may be equal in value, worth and pur-chafe, for what he hath in cuftodiam of the eftate of Sir Luke Bath, and that the adventurers and fouldiers, and the officers who ferved before the fifth of Jane one thoafand fix hundred forty and nine, and all other Who are poffeft of, or indtled unto, any of the eftate of the Odd Sir Lake Bath, according to this aft, (hall be likewife reprifed in two full third parts of the value of their refpeftrve interefts, before the (aid Sir Luke Bath be reftored to fuch part of his eftate from whence they are to be rembved ; anv'thing in this aft, or the former aft, or any other law, ftatute,- on dinance, utlary, attainder, record, (bqueftration, allotment, or any other caufe, matter or thing to the contrary notwithlhmding.

Garret Moor CXCIV. Provided always, and be it further enafted by reftored. the authority aforefaid. That the commiffioncrs' for execution of this aft (hall forthwith, and without flaying for any previous reprizal, reftore unto Garret Moor of MtoN rueene in the county of Mayo, efq; his* heirs and affigns, all and every the mannors, caftles, lands, tenements, re-verfions, remainders, and all other hereditaments, right, tide, condition, and other intereft and eftate whatfoever, which he the faid Garret, or his father, or any'other in truft for them, or either of them, or for either of their ufes, had, held, pofiefied or enjoyed, or ought to have had, held, pofiefied or enjoyed oq the twenty fecond of Oftober one thoufand fix hundred forty and ope, and that after fuch reftitution, and in lieu and (adsfaftion thereof, the commiffioncrs do likewife with all convenient fpeed fet out and allot, or caufe to be fet out and allotted, unto the adventurers and fouldiers, their heirs, executors and affigns refpeftively, who lhall be removed to make way for (uch reftitution, their feveral and refpeftive two third parts put of fome other undifpofed forfeited lands; any thing in

Duke of

Digitized by ^.ooQle

<Tbi ftvtntttntb and eighteenth Tears ef Charles II#	119

this or the (hid former ad contained to the contrary not* A. D„ with Handing.	1665.

CXCV. Provided always, and be it further enaded by Chap. 2# the authority aforcfaid, That the coromiffioners for execu-tion of this ad do forthwith, and without Haying for any Lord Mount; previous reprizal, reftore unto Edmond lord vice-count &*** Mountgarret, his heirs and affigns, his and their principal and capital mefliiage with the appurtenances ; and (hall alfo forthwith reftore onto the (hid Edmond lord vice-count Mountgarret, his heirs and affigns, ail and Angular other the metiiiages, mannors, caftles, lands, tenements, rever-fions, remainders, and other hereditaipents, right, title, condition, and other intereft and eftate whatfoever, which he the faid Edmond lord vice-count Mountgarret, or his father, or any other in truft for them or either of them, or for either of their ufes, had, held, poflefled and enjoyed, or ought to have had, held, poflefled or enjoyed on the two and twentieth of October one thoufand fix hundred forty ' ^ and one, and whereof no adventurer or fouldier, nor the heir, executor, adminiftrator or aflignee of any adventurer or fouldier, is now in pofleflion (impropriations or appropriate tythes only excepted) and that all and every the lands, tenements and hereditaments wfesreof the faid Edmond lord vice-count Mountgarret, or his father, or any other perfon or perfons in truft for him, or to his ufe, werfc feized orpofleft on the faid two and twentieth day of October one thoufand fix hundred forty and one, and which are now in the pofleflion of any adventurer or fouldier, or of the heir, executor, adminiftrator, or aflignee of any ad-. venturer or fouldier, (hall, after their feveral and refpedive full two third parts to them fee out and allotted out of other forfeited and undifpofed lands in (atisfadion of their feveral and refpediye intereft3, be likewife fet out and allotted unto and placed in the pofleflion of him the faid Edmond lord vice-count Mountgarret and his heirs ; any thing in this or the (aid former ad to the contrary notwithftanding.

CXCV I. Provided always, and be it further enaded by jLuca* Taaffb the authority aforefaid. That the commifiioners for execu- and hi» wife tion of this ad (hall forthwith reftore unto colonel Lucasrdloi%d,

TaafFe, and Elizabeth his wife, all and Angular the jointures, portions, lands, tenements and hereditaments and other intereft whatfoever, which the (aid Elizabeth, or any other in truft for her, or for her ufe had, or ought to have had, held, poflefled or enjoyed the two and twentieth of O&ober one thoufand fix hundred forty and one, or at any time fince ; any thing in this ad, or any other ad/ contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CXC VII. Provided neverthelefs, that no reprizable foul- Adventurer*, diet, adventurer, officer, ferving before the fifth of June&c xepriaed.

•ne thoufand fix hundred forty and nine, or proteftant pur-

chafor

Digitized by (^.ooQle

The feventeenth and eighteenth Yean of Charles JI. chafor in Connaght or Clare, be removed out of any part of the premises, which they are to have by the rule of this aft, before they be firft reprized for the fame according to the faid rules.

Lord Burling- CXCVIII. And be it further enafted by the authority em tion*in ^tC"	That	Richard	earl	of	Burlington	and Cork, lord

high treafurer of Ireland, his heirs and aflignes, in the dif- . tribution and fetting forth of the fecurity appointed for the fatisfaftionof the arrears of the commiffioned officers, who ferved your Majeftie and your late royal father in Ireland before the fifth of June one thoufand fix hundred and forty nine, dial! have the preference and preemption of all the forfeited houfes, lands, tenements and hereditaments, in the town of Youghill or the liberties thereof, belonging unto and which are part of the faid fecurities, at the rate of eight years purchafe, as they are or (hall be found to be really Lord Angle- and bona fide worth ; and that Arthur earl of Anglefev, vice* fey to have like treafurer of Ireland, his heirs and aflignes, fhall have like &rCfl>iptl°n m preference and pre-emption of all the forfeited houfes,

0 *	lands,	tenements	and hereditaments, in the town of Roltc

in the county of Wexford, or the liberties thereof, belonging unto and which are part of the faid fecurities, at the rate of eight years purchafe, as they are or fhall be found If doubt as to to be really and bona fide worth ; and if any doubt or diffi. value, tiuftccs culty fhall arife, concerning the value of the faid houfes or lands, fo as the truftees for the faid officers fhall not be fatisfied with the return already made of the value of the fame, that in fuch cafe, upon the defire and requeft of the faid truftees, there fhall be a new furvey and valuation of the faid towns and liberties thereof, by fuch perfons as fhall be appointed by the commiflioners for the execution of this aft, by and with the confent of the faid truftees ; according to which return the faid houfes, lands, tenements and hcre-. ditaments, are to be fold, and not otherwife; and in cafe part of payment"	earls>	t^eir heirs and aflignes, or any of them,

to be accepted. °«cr unto the laid commiflioners for the execution of this aft any debentures of officers, who ferved as aforefaid before the fifth of June one thoufand fix hundred forty and nine, for or in part payment for all* or fo much of the faid houfes and premises in the faid feveral towns as ihaJi be

may have new furvey.

by them refpeftively contraftcd and agreed for, that the fame fhall be allowed, and the faid commiflioners are hereby authorized and required to accept and receive the fame for all or in part of the purchafe money, fo as the faid debentures are capable of prior fatisfaftion, and there has been fuch deduftions and defalcations made as are direfted by this aft, and the faid former aft, and fhall not be accepted to fatisfie more in the pound than the whole fecurities will fiold out to fatisfie the debentures of the reft of the faid officers; and the faid commiflioners are aifo required and

autho:

Digitized by v^ooQle

Yhe /event tenth and eighteenth Years of Charles II.	121

authorized to give fncb certificates as are necefTary for A. D. the paffing of patents thereof, according to the rules of 1665. this aft.	.	Chap.	%.

CXCIX. And whereas there is a leafe granted of a V--— houfe in Dublin, called Cork-houfe, with the appurtenances, Earl of Cork unto the right honourable Richard earl of Corlce and Bur-lington, by the name of Richard earl of Cork, lord high Dublin* m treafurer of Ireland, fiom James Margetfon, doftor of divinity, frcafurer of the cathedral church of St. Patrick’s Dublin, by the approbation of the archbifhop of the feme diocefs, and in obedience to his Majefties letters of recommendation to that purpofe, dated the twentieth of July one thoufand fix hundred and fixty, and confirmed by the fe-veral deans and chapters, both of the holy Trinity Dublin, and St. Patrick’s Dublin, bearing date the twenty third of January one thoufand fix hundred and fixty, for tho term of forty years, from the feaft of the nativity of our blcflsd Saviour then laft paft, which wa* made upon good and valuable confiderations: be it therefore enafted, and it is hereby enafted and ordained by the authority aforefajd.

That the faid Richard earl of Cork and Burlington, his executors and aflignes, fhall and may have, hold an4 enjoy the faid houfe, with the appurtenances mentioned in the faid leaffe, for and during the years therein mentioned, at the refervations thereby referred ; any thing in this aft, or any other former aft or flatute to the contrary notwithflanding.

CC. Provided alwayes and be it enafted. That all and Lord Angle-fingular the lands, tenements and hereditaments, which fey to enjoy hit Arthur lord vice-count of Valentia and earl of Anglcfey hath purchafe from purchafcd from any perfon or perfons in aftual pofleflion thereof, by virtue of any grant, order or difpofirion of the ^f*™**. late ufurped powers, or any of them, the lands and tenements decreed away by the commiffioners for the execution of the faid former aft or.ciy excepted, (hall be fettled, and are hereby granted and confirmed unto him, his heires and aflignes, and he and they fhall have, hold and enjoy the fame; and that for fuch of the faid eftates, or any, part thereof, as have or hath been decreed away as aforefaid, or lhall be decreed away in purfuance of this aft by the commiffioners appointed or to be appointed for the execution thereof, the faid earl, his heirs and aflignes, (hall forthwith be fully reprized for the fame and without any retrenchment, by the faid commiffioners, by fo much forfeited lands as may be fufiicient to make up and fupply unto the faid Arthur earl of Anglefey, his heires and ai-figns, what was or is granted or intended to be granted by the faid aft, or by this aft ; and the faid earle, his heirs and aflignes, fhall have, hold and enjoy, all other the benefits and advantages in and by the faid former aft given,

.....	-	*	granted

Digitized by LjOOQle

John and Akx. Bence collector*, dec.

Except quit and chief rents, dec.

Acquittances to be entered and figned in Exchequer;

Accuflomed fees to vice trea-furer and collector*.

Tbt /event etntb and iightuntb Tears 0/ Charles II. granted or provided, or intended to be given, granted or provided to or for the faid earl, his heirs or aihgnes; any thing in the faid former a& or in this prefent ad, or other-wife to the contrary notwithftanding.

CCI. And be it further explained, declared and enaded by the authority aforefaid. That all and every payment and payments, fum and fums of money, which are and fhall be made by any adventurer, officer and-foul die r, Connaght purchafor, Iriih papift, popifh recufant, Roman catholick or others, out of or for any of the faid forfeited, veiled or efeheated lands, tenements, hereditaments and eftates, by virtue or in purfuance of his Majefties (aid declaration, inflru&ions, the faid former or this prefent or by all, every or any of them, to or for any ufc or ufes, intent, end or purpofc therein refpe&ively mentioned, ex-prefTed, declared, limited or appointed; excepting onely the quit-rents and other chief rents referved and payable unto his Majefbe, his heirs and fuccefTors, and fuch other fums as are herein otherwife directed to be paid, (hail be paid for the faid ufes, intents and purpofes, into the hands of John Bence and Alexander Bence, efquires, or either of them, who are hereby conflicted and appointed joyntly and feverally to collefl and receive the fame, and t6 be colle&ors and receivers thereof by themfelves, or their deputy or deputies refpeflively ; whofe acquittance or acquittances, receipt or receipts, for the faid feveral and refpec-tivc payments, fum and fums of money, being entered and figned as after is dire£led, (hall be firm, valid, effectual ami fufficient difeharges in law for the fame refpec-tively.

CCII. And to the end our faid vice-treafurer may know what fums of money he is to receive, all acquittances, which fhall be given as aforefaid, are to be entered and figned by the feveral officers of the Exchequer, according to the accuflomed manner of acquittances; all which payments, fum and fums of money, the faid receiver or receivers are to accompt for and pay over unto Arthur earl of Anglefey, his Majedies. receiver-general, and vice-treafurer of this kingdom, or to the receiver-general, and vice-treafurer of this kingdom for the time being, to be difpofed of, ifiued and paid out by him to and for the feveral ufes, intents and purpofes, unto which and in fuch manner as the fame are refpedlively defigned, limitced or appointed, and to no other intent, ufe or purpofc ; upon the lfTuing whereof, the faid earl of Anglefey, or the vice-treafurer for the time being, (hall take the ufual accuflomed fees payable for other monies ; and the faid collector or collectors, receiver or receivers, for their pains, care and fervice herein, (hall have, take, receive and deduCl out of and for the refpe&ive payments, fum and fums of money

which

Digitized by

The J+ventttntb and eighteenth Tears of Charles II. which they (hall fo receive, pay over or accompt for, foch fees as were formerly allowed unto and taken by the former receivers of the money payable by the adventurers and foul-diers; any thing in the faid former or this prefent ad to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

CCLlI. Neverthelefs it is hereby declared. That the com-miflioned officers, who ferved before the fifth of June one thoufand fix hundred forty and nine, (hall be and are here- »“d Alex Bence, by difcharged of and from the payment of any fees due and payable unto the faid John Bence and Alexander Bence, receivers aforefaid, for or out of any debentures due to the faid commiffioned officers, but that the faid John Bence and Alexander Bence (hall, in lieu of and fatisfaftion for the faxbe, receive fuch compenfation and recompence out of the rents, ififues and profits of the fecurity appointed for (atif-faftion of the faid debentures, as the lord lieutenant and council (hall think fit.

CGIV. Provided always, and be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the commiffioners for execu- rdtored. tkmof this aft do forthwith, and without flaying for any previous reprizal, reftore unto Theobald lord*vice-count Mayo, his heires and affigns, his and their principal and capital mefliiage, with the appurtenances, and (hall also forth* with reftore unto the faid Theobald lord vice-count Mayo, his heirs'and affigns, all and fingular other the mefiuages, mannors, cattles, lands, tenements, reverfions, remainders, and all other hereditaments, right, tide, condition, and other intereft and eftate whatfoever, which he the faid Theobald lord vice-count Mayo, or his father, or any anceftor whofe heir he is, or any other in truft for them, or any of them, or for any of their ufcs, had, held, poflefled or enjoyed, or ought to have had, held, poffefled, or enjoyed on the twenty-fecond of Oftober one thonfand fix hundred forty and one, and whereof no adventurer^ or fouldier, nor the heir, executor, adminiftrator, or affignee of any adventurer or (buldier, is now in pofleffion (impropriations or appropriate tythes only excepted) and thaf all and every the lands, tenements and hereditaments, whereof the (aid Theobald lord vice-count Mayo, or his father, or any other anceftor whofe heir he is, or any other perfon or perfons in truft for them, or any of them, were feked or pofleft on the faid twenty-fecond day of Oftober one thoufand fix hundred forty and one, and which are now in the pofleffion of any adventurer or fouldier, or of the heir, executor, admi-niftr&tor or affignee of any adventurer or fouldier, (hall, after their (everal and refpeftive full two third parts to them fet out and allotted out of other forfeited and nndifpofed lands in fatisfaftion of their feveral and refpeftive intereft, be likewise fet out and allotted unto, and placed in the pofleffion of him the faid Theobald lord vice-count Mayo ana his heires;

any

Recompence

Digitized by Google

124	Tbejevtuttenth and eighteenth Tears ef Charles II;

A. D. *ny thing in this or the faid former ad to the contrary not* 1665. withflanding.

Chap. a. CCV. Provided always, and be it farther enafted by the authority aforefaid, That nothing herein contained (hall in Owen Mac any fort prejudice the right, title or intercfl of captain Caithy adjudg- Owen Mac Carthy of Clogheroe in the county of Cork, fcft tolaw^ *** ur*° an7 l^c ^anc^s> tenements or hereditaments in the faid county mentioned or fpecified in his claim, upon which he was adjudged innocent by the late comnliffioners, but Title to be kft to the law for the recovery of the fame ; and that the made out in lands fb claimed by him (hall continue and remain in hij twelvemonth*. Majefties hands undifpofed of for the fpace of twelve months next after the paffing of this ad, to the end that the fan! Owen Mac Carthy may within that time make out his right and title* thereunto, if any he have, and caute the kme to be adjudged and determlifed by due courfe of law; and in cafe the faid right and tide be not made to appear, and be determined as aforefaid within the time aforesaid, then all and Angular the faid lands lhall and may be difpeded of as any otlier forfeited lands by this ad, ought to be; any thing in the faid former ad, or this prefent 4&, to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding*

CCV I. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the arrears due unto the late marquefs of Clanricard, for the feveral tiiries and employments he had in this kingdom, before the tenth of December one thoa-Executorsof	hundred	and fifty, he allowed and Citisfied to the

lord Clanricard executors or adminiftrators of thfe faid marquefs of Clanri* t® be fathfied. card out of the fecurities fet apart for facts faftiotv of the commiffioned officers, who fttrved before the fifth of June one thoufand fix hundred forty and nine ; and that the faid executors and adminillratofs be and are hereby admitted and allowed to Hate all the faid arrears due to the faid marquefs of Clanricard befote and until the lenth day of December one thoufand fix hundred and fifty, before the commiffioners for execution of this aft, before any diihibuticn made of the faid fecurities ; any thing in this aft, or the faid former aft, contained to the contrary notwit hllanding.

Recital of lord CCVil. His Majeily taking into confederation the many Mufkry’afcr- good and faithful fervices performed by*Charles late vice-vice*.	count	Mulkry.	in	forreign parts, and particularly that in

confequence of the difpofition of Dunkirk, the Hate of his Majeiiies affairs did not admit the continuance of the pay of the regiment of foot commanded by the faid Charles vice-count Mulkry, was therefore gracioufly pleafed, by his royal letters of the fixth of April in the fifteenth year of his reign, to direft and appoint that all the lands in the barony of Mulkry, in the county of Cork, forfeited to his Majefty, and not fet out to fouldieus or adventurers.

Digitized by CjOOQle

Tbe feventeenth'and eighteenth Tears ef Charles II. rers, nor reftored to the former proprietors, the grcateft part whereof were held of the eftate of Donogh earl of Clancarty, the faid Charles his father, fhould be by one or more grant or grants pafled under the great feal of Ireland unto the faid Charles late vice-count Mu&ry, bis heirs and affigns for ever, to his and their ufe and ufes, without any accompt to be given for the fame to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, as by the tenor of the faid letter more at large may appear; fince which time the faid Giarles late vice-count Mufkry hath ended his long continued fer-vices by the lofs of his life in the late expedition at fea again ft'the Hollander, his Majefty is therefore gracioufly pleafed, puriuant to his faid former royal intentions, that it be enabled, and be it ena&ed by the authority afbrefaid.

That the commtffioners for execution of this adl (hall fet out and allot unto Charles-James Mac Carthy, now vice-to his fon in count Mu&ry, (bn and heir to the faid Charles vice count ^il, remainder Muflcry, ail the forfeited lands in the faid barony, not^CT fordCta-fet out formerly to adventurers and fouldiers, nor re-caity, &c. ftored to the former proprietors ; and that the faid ccm-miffioners (hall quiet and eftablilh the faid Charles-James vice-count Mufkry in the poffeffion thereof, which he is to hold, poffefc and enjoy to him and the heirs males of big body, and for want of fiich iffue, the remainder to the faid Donogh earl of Clancarty, and the heirs males of his body begotten, the remainder in fee to the right heirs of the faid earl; any thing in this aft, or the faid former s&j to the contrary notwithftanding ; and that certificates be thereof granted in order to the pafiing of letters patents.

CCVIII. Provided ncverthelefs* That the (kid Donogh Power to earl of Clancarty, grandfather to the faid Charles-James, l^d Clancarty now vice-count Mu&ry, or the now countefs of Clanear- °Lhl* ta ty, if (he furvive the faid earl, may by way of1 leafe f°r old°pj^rietorL years of any part of the premiftes, or by grant of* a rent-charge for years out of the premiffes, or otherwife* as to him the. faid, Donogh, or to her the faid countefs, if; (be furvive, lhail feem meet, afford fuch relief out of the premises to the former proprietors thereof, as he or the (hall find do beft merit the fame, and what he or flic (hall do therein is hereby allowed of, and made good and v'alid in law.

CCIX. And whereas Sir Philip Perciva!, knight, deccaf- girp pcrci_ ed, for and on the behalf of Thomas late earl of Strafford for iord and Sir George Ratcliffe knight, deceafed, and their heirs, Stafford and in or about the year, one thoufand fix hundred thirty - and Sir G. Radcliffc fix, did contract and.agree with Tcige O Connor Slig©e,m c®nJ unde and heir in talle to Donogh O Connor Sligoe then lately deceafed, and alfo with Edmond Mac Jordan and Do- n^r. rothy his wife.fole filler and heir general to theihidDOnoghv * for diyers iordfliips, mannors, caltles, lands, tenements and

hereditaments.

Lands allotted

Digitized by C^ooQle

Slid lands fettled in Wn lord Strafford mud Thm Rad-diffe, and their heirs.

Depofitions in m caufe before lord lien-tenant and council to be nfed as proof relative to Cud

The /seventeenth and eighteenth Years ef Charles II. hereditaments, in the county of Sligoe, being formerly the eftate of .he faid Donogh O Connor Sligoe, whereupon fe-veral Aims of money were paid, difbnned and fecoredto be paid by the faid Sir Philip Percival to the faid Teige O Connor, Edmond Mac Jordan and Dorothy his wife, and to fome other perfon or perfons, by their or fome of their confent, direction or appointment, for the freeing, dif-charging and difingaging the faid premises of or from fome mortgages, leabs, or incumbrances thereupon, or fome of them, but no legal conveyance were or could then be made or perfeded to him the faid Sir Philip Percival, by reafon of the grand office then lately found in the province of Connaght, whereby his Majefty was inti tied to the faid lands amongft divers others in the faid province: be it therefore further enabled by the authority afbrefaid. That all and (ingular the faid lordftiips, mannors, cafUes, lands, tenements and hereditaments, with the appurtenances for-merly belonging to the faid Donogh O Connor Siigoe and the faid Tiege O Connor Sligoe, or to either of them, (hall be, and are hereby fettled upon William earl of Strafford, fon and heir of the faid Thomas earl of Strafford, and Thomas Radcliffe, efquire, fon and heir of the-faid Sir George Radcliffe, and their heirs, under the rents and fervices Hue and payable thereout to his Majefty in the year one thoufand fix hundred forty and one; and that they the laid William earl of Strafford, and Thomas Radcliffe, and their heirs, be forthwith fettled in the pofiefiton of all and fingular the faid lord (hips, mannors, ca files, lands, tenements and hereditaments, by the commiffioners appointed or to be appointed for the execution of this ad; any thing in the afbrefaid ad, or in this ad, contained to the contrary in any wife notwithffanding.

CCX. And be it further enaded. That all depofitions and examinations of witnefles, that have been taken in a caofe lately depending before the lord lieutenant and council of Ireland, between the faid William earl of Strafford, and Thomas Radcliffe, efq; and Sir John Percival, plaintiffs, againft Martin O Connor, grandfon and heir to Teige O Connor Sligoe, efq; deceafed, Richard lord baron of Coloony, and others, defendants, (hall and may be read and made ufe of as good proof for all fach lands, tenements and hereditaments, as by the faid depofitions have been proved to be part of the faid Donogh O Connors eftate.

CCX1. And be it further enaded by the authority afore-faid. That the faid William earl of Strafford, and Thomas Radcliffe, or either of them, their heirs or aflignes, (hall# within fix months time after the paging of this ad, pay, or caufe to be paid, all fuch fum or iums of money, as ihall, within the time of the faid fix months, be made appear

Digitized by

Google

The fwenteintb and eighteenth Years ef Charles II.	%	1*7

pear to be juftly due from the faid Teige O Connor, $E- A. D. goe, Edmond Mac Jordan and Dorothy his wife, Sir Phi- 1665*

Bp Percival, Thomas late earl of Strafford, and Sir George Chap. 3. Ratcliffd, or any of them, their heirs or afligne* of any of them, and not by them, or fome of them, already paid Money towirft for'and towards the purchafmg and buying off of any of purthafing fc*<i the faid mortgages, leafes or incumbrances, which wre{^^2j*ce# upon the eftate of the faid Donogh O Connor at the time jponths, of the faid contraft made as aforelaid ; which fum or fums of money, fo made appear to be due as aforefaid from the faid Teige O Connor, Edmond Mac Jordon and Dorothy his wife. Sir Philip Percival, Thomas late earl of Strafford, and Sir George Radcliffe, their heirs or affignes, or any of them, or by them, or any of them depofited in the clerk of the councils hands in order to the buying off of any of the faid mortgages, leafes or incumbrances, lhall be and are hereby veiled in and made payable unto his and veiled in Majellie, his heirs and fucceffors, to be difpofed of by his the King, Majeftie, as by his fignet and fign manual he lhall declare and appoint; faring and accepting hereout fuch fum and fums of money as lhall appear to be juftly and legally due by one mortgage upon part of the faid eftate, made by the faid Donogh O Connor to certain feoffees to the ufeof the children of Sir Francis Blundell, their heirs or affignes.

CCXII. Provided that the adventurers, commiffioned officers, who ferved before the fifth of June one thoufand fix hundred forty and nine, and fouldiers, who are now in poffeffion of all or any the faid lands, or ought to have the fame according to the rules of this aft, and are by virtue hereof to be removed from the fame, (hall have fo much other forfeited lands fet out to them, by the commiffioners Adventurers for the execution of this aft, as may be fufficient to reprise to be re-and fatisfie them for two full third parts of the lands from *“tw# whence they are to be removed, and certificates (hall bexhlT thereof granted in order to the palling of letters patents, which lhall be of like force and effeft as any other letters patents granted in purfuance of this aft are or ought to be; and they and every of them are hereby likewife aifeharged for them, their heirs and executors refpeftively, of and from all arrears of rent and mefne profits received or to be received by them at any time before they (hall be removed as aforefaid.

CCXI1I. Provided alfo. That the town and lands of BridcuHea Bradcullen, and fo much lands contiguous about the fame 3°°®. as may amount unto three thoufand acres of profitable land, ^VJSreJto with the appurtenances, which by the faid contraft made Teig o Conner, with the faid Teige O Connor were to have been given or excepted, allured to the faid Teige O Connor and his heirs, wall be, and are hereby excepted from being fettled upon the faid

William

Digitized by boogie

and difpoletble between Sir F. Gore and Rob. Parks.

I ord Strafford and Tho. RadciifFe reftor-•d to otfier puxchafc* in Sligo.

Commiflion-ers to hear and determine.

The f&uent tenth and eighteenth Tears of Charles II. William earl of Strafford and Thomas Radcliffe, and their heirs, or any of them, and (hall remain clifpofeable between Sir Francis Gore, knight, and captain Robert Parkes, according to their feveral proportions of what they refpe&ively poffefs of the faid eftate, and what by the rules of this a& (hall belong to them refpettivcly, and are to be reckoned and numbered cut of fuch lands which are now in their or cither of their poffeflions, moil contiguous to the faid town of Bradcullen, in purfuance of the faid cpntrad.

CCXIV. And whereas the faid Sir Philip Percival and-Sir George Radcliffe, or one of them, did (befides the (aid Donogh O Connor’s eftate) in like manner purchafe fome other (mail parcels of lands, tenements and hereditaments, in the faid county of Sligoe, from feveral other perfons : be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That the faid William earl of Strafford and Thomas Radcliffe (hall be and are hereby reftored to all the eftate, right and tide, which the faid Thomas late earl of Strafford and Sir George Radcliffe, or either of them, had, either in law or equity, in or to the faid laft mentioned lands and tenements and hereditaments, in the year one thoufand fix hundred and forty : and that they the faid William earl of Strafford and Thomas Radcliffe, (hall, by the faid commiflioners for execution of this a&, be forthwith reftored to the poffeflion of all fuch of the faid laft mentioned lands, tenements and hereditaments, whereof the faid Thomas late earl of Strafford and Sir George Radcliffe, or either of them, or any other perfon or perfons to their or either of their ufes, or in trail for them, or either of them, were feizedor poffeffed in the faid year one thoufand fix hundred and forty, under the rents and fervices due and payable thereout to his Majeftie in the faid year : and forafmuch as the adventurers and fouldiers, and commiflioned officers, who ferved before the fifth of Jtme one thoufand fix hundred forty and nine, and are now. in poffeflion of or claim the fame, may the better know whether they may hold the faid lands, or take themfelves to their repiizalls, the faid commiflioners are required to hear and determine of the faid purchafes, and of the right, title and intereft, either in law or equity, which they the faid William earl of Strafford and Thomas Radcliffe have or had in or to the faid laft mentioned lands, and to reprizethe faid adventurers, officers and fouldiers in other lands of equal value, worth and purchafe, according to the rul£s of this art, in cafe the faid lands fliall be evicted from them as aforefaid, who are hereby difeharged of and from all arrearages of rent and mean profits received at any time before they (hall be removed from the faid laft mentioned lands ; any thtng in this or the faid former a& to the contrary notwithfhnding.

CCXV. And

Digitized by

Google

7*bt ffiventeentb and tight eenlb Tears of Charles IT.

CCXV. And be it further explained, declared, and enabled by the authority aforefaid, That all and lingular the lands, tenements, -and hereditaments, and other eftates, with their and every of their members and appurtenances, of, within, or appertaining to the half barony of Irris, Half barony, alias Irrus or Erri3, and tne parilh of Dunfiny, alias Du- °f Erris and coni, adjoyning unto Irris in the county of Mayo and the MaoandRof-parifh of Termon-barry, alias Tearmon-beary in the coun- commougraiit^ ty of Rofcommon, and all and every or any of thcnv, veil* ed to Sir Robert ed in, fettled on, forfeited to, or belonging, upon the faidVyner, Ac. three and twentieth of O&ober one thoufand fix hundred forty and one, at any time fine® unto your Majeftie or your royal Father, together with all the mines and minerals therein (royal mines excepted) and all fiihings on the fea cqafls of the fame, as alfo on the loughs and frelh rivers and waters thereunto in any wife belonging or appertaining, be, and they are hereby, as from the live and twentieth day of March one thousand fix hundred fixty* and five, in the feveilteenth year of your Majefties raign, veiled in, fettled on, and granted unto Sir Robert Vyner knight, Thomas Vyner cfq; James Temple, Henry Lewis, and Sylvanus Hyde of London gent, their tieires and af-fignes for evef, to be held of your Majeftie, your heirs and fuccelfors, as of your caftle of Dublin, in free and common foccage, at and under the yearly rent of fifty at yearly rent pounds, to be paid into your Majeftie’s exchequer atofSol. Michaelmas and Eafter, by equal portions ; .and that Tho- ^have** mas earl of Offory, Richard earl of Burlington and Cork, ^endit of the Roger earl of Orrery, and Richard carl of Arran, Robert Kings letter* Boyle efquire, their heirs and afligns for ever, (hall pof- granting land* fefs and enjoy the full benefit, advantage and effe& of your sir J*mci Majeftie’s gracious letters, under your royal fignet bear- tca* ing date the five and twentieth day of March one thou-(and fix hundred fixty two, in the fourteenth year of your Majeftie’s raign, for granting of feveral houfej and lands unto Sir James Shaen, his heirs and ailignes for ever, irt, for, and towards fatisfaiftion of adventurers, or arrears for (ervice done in Ireland, and"other interefts confirmed, allowed or fatisfied by, or intended to be allowed, confirmed, or fatisfied by, or m purfuanceof your Majeftie’s laid gracious declaration of the thirtieth of November one thou-(and fix hundred and fixry, and other conceflions confident with, and agreeable to the fame ; and alfo to have, hold, and enjoy to them, their heirs and afligns forever, the full benefit, advantage and effeft of your Majeftie’s letters, under your royall fignet bearing date the four and twentieth day of July one thoufand fix hundred fixty five, in the feventeenth year of your reign, in truft for and to the ufes, intents and purpofes therein exprefled, mentioned and declared, excepting onelv what concerns the lands

Vou II.	1	and

Frandt Fer-rall, adjudged innocent, and fdUrpd.

The Jeventeentb and eighteenth Tears of Charles II. and premises in Irris, Dunfiny, and Tearmonbeary, at any of them ; any other claufe, provifod, fentence, matter, or thing whatsoever, in the faid former or this poefent ad contained, or any retrenchment, order, or other matter or excepting what thing to the contrary in any wife notwith(landing ; fo fa* concerns Errit, forth as the lord lieutenant, or other chief governour or go-confiftent with vcrnours °f t^1* kingdome for the time being, Qiallfinde the dedaratiop. l^c ftvcral matters and things herein contained to be confident with, or agreeable unto your Majeftie’s faid declaration, the faid former or this ad, or any of them.

CCXVI- And be it farther ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That nothing in the faid former or this prefent ad may or (hall in any fort impeach the innocency of, or otherwifq prejudice, Francis Ferral of Mornine in the county of Longford efq; but that he (hall he and he is hereby redored unto all and every the lands, tenements and hereditaments claimed by him, whereof he was poffefled the thrpe and twentieth day of Odober one thoufand fix hundred forty and one, and thereunto rightfully intitled, and are particularly recited and mentioned in his decree from the late commifiioners, whereby he is adjudged an innocent perfon, notwithdanding his taking of lands in Connaght, or any other caufc* matter or tlung to the contrary.

CCXVII. And be it further enaded by the authority parrel redored. aforefaid. That the commifiioners for the execution of this ad (hall forthwith fet out and redore to Sir Connel Far-rail knight, and his heirs, all and Angular the mefluages, mannors, lands, tenements and hereditaments, which in and by the faid former ad were granted and redored, oc mentioned, meant, or intended to be granted and reftor-ed unto the faid Sir Connel Farrell, and all other the benefits and advantages of the faid former ad ; and that certificates be thereof granted unto the faid Sir Connel Farrell, in order to the palling of letters patents accordingly: and the faid commifiioners are like wife to fet out to comet Robert Meredith, and all others who were or are feizedor pofiefied of any of the faid tands, tenements, or hereditaments, in fatisfadion of any adventures or arrears, fuch other forfeited lands as may be equal in quantity of acres unto two full third parts of the lands fo to be reftor-ed; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithdanding.

CCXVIU. Provided alfo, and be it further enaded. That the cominiflfioners for execution of this ad (hall forthwith, and without (laying for any previous reprizai, reftore unto colonel John Kelly of Skryne in the barony of Ath-lone and county of Rofcommon, his heirs and afiignes, all and every the mannors, cables, lands, tenements, reverfi-ons, remainders, and all other hereditaments, right, title,

conditio^

Sir Connel

Robert Meredith and other* reprifed two thirds.

John Kelly jeftored.

Digitized by C^ooQLe

7he fivtntuntb and tighteonth Tears of Charles II.	131

Condition, and other interefl and eftate whatfoever, which A. D. be the faid John Kelly, or any other in truft for him, or to 1665. his ufe, had, held, poflfefied or enjoyed, or of right ought Chap. 2. to have had, held, pofTefled or enjoyed, upon the two and twentieth day of O&oher one thoufand fix hundred forty and one; and that after fuch reftitution, and in lieu and fatisfa&iop thereof, the cpmmiffioner* do like wife, with all Convenient fpeed, fet out and allot, or caufe to be fet out and allotted unto the adventurers, fouldiers, proteftant SatitfaAion purchafors of land* in Connaght and Clare, before the firfi to adventurers, day of September one thoufand $x hundred forty and removed, nine, or their truftees, and their heirs, executors and af-fignes refpedlively, who (hall be removed $o make way for fuch reftiturion, their feveral and refpectiYe two third parts.

Or fuch other, fatisfaffton as wjll be due to them by tho rules of this a&, out of feme other forfeited and undilpofed lands ; any thing in this or the (aid former a£\ contained to the contrary notwithHanding,

. CCX1X. And whereas his Majeftie, in and by certain Sir Henry letters patents under the great feal of Ireland, c(id give Tal.bo1 eonfirm-and grant unto Sir Henry Talbott knight, certain, lands in connaeht W Connaght, in exchange of and for certain other lands of 5 his the faid Sir Hety-y Talbojct adjoyning to the caftle of Dublin, and convenient for his M^jeftie’s feryicc : it is therefore hereby provided and enafted. That it foall and maybe lawfull to and for the faid Sir Henry Talbott to have, hold, and enjoy to him and his heirs, all and Angular the lands, tenements, and hereditaments in Connaught, in and by the faid letters patents granted, according tQ the tenor and eifec^ of the fame letters patents ; any thing in this a6V contained to the contrary in any wife potwithftanding.

CCX%. And be it further enabled by the Authority, a- Sir Nicholas forefeid. That the comnaiffioners for execution of this aApl^nh«t’scfUtc., fhall forthwith fet out and allot unto aU and every the ad- flmeiHamilton Venturers, fo.uldjer$, and cptnmiflioned officers, who ferved before the fifth of Junp one thoufand fix hu.idred forty and nine, their heirs and affigops* who now are feized or pof-feffed of anv tallies, houfes, lands, tenements and hereditaments, rents, intends and ellates whatfoever in this king-dome, which Nicholas Plunkett of Bairath in the county qf Meath efq; now Sir Nicholas Plunkett knight, rightfully bad and enjoyed upon the two and twentieth of October one thoufcnd fix hundred forty and one, fo much other forfeited lands as may be eqtjal in value, worth and pur-Chafe, to two full third parts of the lands whereof they are lb poffeil, if they (hall be willing to accept of fuch re-prize, and to be removed from the lame ; and that all and.a<lventurers, every the mefluages, \ands, tenements, and hereditaments*. for yriiich they or any of them fha.fl accept of fuch reprizc, and from which they or any of them ihali be removed as .

I z	aloreiaid.

Digitized by CjOOQle

*32 A. D. 1665. Chap. 2.

if not willing, James Hamilton to have other Uq4*.

Thefe<venttenth and eighteenth Tears of Charles II. aforefaicT, and the othfcr third part of the premifles, and all other mefluages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, rents, interefts, trolls and eflates whatfoever, which at the time aforefaid did belong to the faid Nicholas Plunkett, (hall be by the faid commilhoners fc out and allotted and granted unto James Hamilton efq. one of the grooms of his Majeftie’s bedchamber, and his heirs, executors, ad-miniftrators and aftignes refpe&ively : and in cafe any per-Ion or perfons feizea or poflefled of the premifles, or any part thereof, (hall not be willing to be reprized for or removed from the fame as aforefaid, the commiflioners for execution of this aft (hall forthwith fet out and allot unto the faid James Hamilton and his heirs, fo much forfeited lands in fomfc other convenient place, as may be equal in value, worth, and purchafe, to the faid lands, tenements, and hereditaments, or to fo much thereof as the faid adventurers and (buldiers, or other perfons aforefaid, (hall be unwilling to be removed from ; and herein they are required to proceed with all convenient fpeed ; any thing in the faid formeF or this prefent aft to the contrary notwith-flanding.

CCXX1. And whereas in and by the faid former aft, powering the and the declaration therein recited, it was provided, that King to reftore it Jhould and might be lawful! to and for his Majeftie innocent papift* to reftore any innocent papifts, who were difpoflefied of their houfes in corporations, to their feverall and refpec-tive houfes within the faid corporations : his Majelly is gtacioufly pleafed that it may be enafted, and be it en-afted, that the faid claufe, and the power thereby referred to his Majeftie, (hall be, and is hereby repealed, releafc^ and difeharged.

CCXXII. Provided always, and it is herehy enafted. That it (hall and may be lawfuil to and for Richard Stephens the younger to hold and enjoy to him and his heirs, all and Angular the mefluages and land*, tenements, and other the hereditaments, fituate, lying and being in and about the town and corporation of Kells in the county of Eaftmeath, whereof he the faid Richard Stephens the younger, by himfelf or his under-tenants, was feized or poflefled upon the feventh of May one thoufand fix hundred fifty and nine, and which lie within the fecurities let apart for the fatisfaftion of the commifiioned officers who ferved before the fifth of June one thoufand fix hundred forty and nine, he, the faid Richard Stephens, placing thereupon fo many debentures for arrears due for fervice done before the (aid fifth day of June one thoufand fix hundred forty and nine, for which no fatisfaftion hath yet been given, and which are fatisliable by the rules of this or the faid former aft, as do amount unto the full fom of three hundred

Claofe im-r the

to houfes in corporations repealed.

Richard Sre-pbens to hold lands in Kell*.

Digitized by (^.opQle

Tht fervent tenth anti eighteenth Yedrt of Charles II.	133

dred pounds; any thing in this or the laid former aft to the A. D* contrary notwithftanding.	1665.

CCXXIIl. And whereas Sir Theophilus Jones knight Chap. a. was heretofore fettled in and planted upon a meffuage and V—— certain lands in and about Lucan, and now, by virtue of Sir Theoph. fome decree made by the commiilioners for execution of /^s^'nLucLi the faid former ad, and herein confirmed, is onely to en- during^ifc'of0 joy the faid mefluages and lands during the life of Patrick pat sLrsfield, Sarsfield, who was declared nocent, after whofe death the afterwards to faid lands are declared to come unto William, fon of the William Sarf-faid Patrick, an infant, and the heirs male of his body ; field in tail, by reafon whereof, the faid Sir Theophilus Jones is likely to fuftain great prejudice, if due confideration be not had. of his improvements: be it declared and enabled. That sir Theophilus the commiffioners for execution of this ad fhall forthwith to be reprifed. fet out and allot unto the faid Sir Theophilus Jones and his heirs, fo much forfeited land as may be fufficient in value, worth, and purchafe, fully to reprize the faid Sir Theophilus Jones for the mcfTuage, lands, and improvements, which have been fo evided and decreed away from him ; any claufe, matter, or thing in this or the faid former ad to the contrary not with (landing.

C'CXXIV. Provided always. That it fhall and may be Pierce Creagh lawful to and for Pierce Creagh to hold and enjoy to ?° *ni°y him and his heirs all and lingular the raefluages, lands, ^ clarc?" 1 tenements and hereditaments in the province of Connaght and county of Clare, or either of them, whereof he the faid Pierce Creagh is now in pofleffion by himfelf or his under-tenants, and into which the faid Pierce Creagh was tranfplanted by the late ufurpers; any thing in this or the faid former ad to the contrary notwithftanding.

CCXXV. And becaufe the adventurers and fouldiers are Fees to be im-by this ad exempted from payment of fuch fees to the pofed on adven-officers attending both houfes of Parliament, and others, turers and fol-as in and by the laid former ad might have been demanded, diCr#* or pretended to, as due : be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the lord lieutenant or other chief governour or gover-nours of Ireland and council there, toaftefs and impofe upon all and every the adventurers and fouldiers, who by the (aid former ad were lyable or might be pretended to be lyable to the payment of fuch fees, fuch further and other fums of money, not exceeding five thoufand pounds, as they (hall think fit, and to caufe the fame to be levyed in fuch manner as any other the fums herein before impofed are levyable, and to be paid to the receivers aforefaid, to the end the fame may be ifiued cut unto and diftributed among# fuch officers, in fuch manner, and according to fuch proportions, as the lord lieutenant or other chief governour and

council.

Digitized by CjOOqL e

Will. Leg to enjoy lands granted by let-ten patent*.

Jame* Fitzgerald to have like advantages a* faid 54 per-fofis.

John Arthur

vied.

eo shied to reaver debts due tn Robert Arthur.

The feventeenth and eighteenth Tears ef Charles II. council, after the advice of both houfes of Parliament thereupon had, (hall dire& and appoint.

CCXXV1. Provided alwayes, and be- it further enafied by the authority aforefaid. That colonel William Leg, one of the grooms of his Majeftie's bed-chamber, (hall, in lieu pi what hath been retrenched of his provifo in the former adt, have, hold, and enjoy to him and his heirs for ever all and Angular the lands, tenements and hereditaments, by his Majeftie's letters patents to him granted, and paiTed under the great feal of Ireland, purfuant to, and according to the tenor and effedt of his Majeftie’s letters under his privy fignet andfign manual,' bearing date at Whitehall the nineteenth day of January one thoufand fix hundred fixty and three, without any retrenchment or defalcation whatfoevrr; any thing in this or the faid former adfc to the contrary notwithstanding.

CCXXVII. And be it further enadled. That James Fitz Gerald of Laragh in the county of Wreftmeath, and bis heirs, lhall have the like reftitution, priviledges, advantages and benefits in all refpedls, as any of the fifty four perfons provided for by this adt; any thing therein contained or otherwife to the contrary notwithftanding.

CCXXVIII. His Majeftie being fully fatisfied of the conftah* loyalty and innocence of Robert Arthur deceafed, late of Dublin alderman, and of John Arthur his fon ar.d heir, who were both inhabitants of Dublin, is gracioufiy pleafed that it be enadted, and be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That the faid John Arthur lhall be by the faid commiflioners reftored unto, fettled, and ellablilhed in the quiet pofleflion, and (hall thenceforth have, hold, poflWs, and enjoy to him and his heirs, executois, admi-niltrators and afligns relpedtively, all and lingular the man- . nors, houfes, cattles, lands, tenements and hereditaments reverfion.% remainders, leafes, rights, titles, interefts and elfates whatfoever in the kingdom of Ireland, which the faid Robert Arthur, or any other perfon or perfons in truft for him, or to his ufe, had, held or enjoyed on the twcntic fecond of Oftober one thoufand fix hundred forty and one, or at any time llnce ; except what thereof is in the hands of adventurers or fouldiers, or is in the city of Dublin, for which the faid Jfchn is to be forthwith reprized elfewbcre, to the full value thereof, as near and contiguous to the faid city as conveniently maybe; and the faid John Arthur is likewile rettured unto, and is hereby enabled to demand, recover, and receive to his own ufe, all and lingular the debts and fums of money, which at any time heretofore were due and owing to him the laid Robert Arthur, and are (fill unpaid ; this piefent or any other adl, claufe, mai-ter or thing therein to the contrary notwithftanding.

CCXX1X And

7%* Se venteenth and eighteenth Years of Charles If;

, CCXX1X. And whereas Randall marquefs of Antrim did, on or about the twenty firft day of November in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred thirty and leven, demife and grant the barony of Cary, the lordlhip of Ballycadle, and the iiland of Ratchcline, and all the Lon* Antiira’i lands, tenements and hereditaments within th,e faid barony, dcbt8,t Ifland and lordlhip, unto Alexander Macdonnell, John *°ua c Moore, Archibald Steward; and John Trayleman, for the term of ninety nine years, from Michaelmas one thoufand fix hundred thirty and feven, in tfuft for payment of certain debts in a fchedule theteunto annexed, for which the faid Alexander Macdonnell, John Moore, Archibald Steward, and John Trayleman, or fomeof them, were joyntly bound for the faid marquefs, and for their counter fecurity again ft thofe ingagements 5 which faid leafe of ninety nirie years was in and by a claufe in the faid former aft enafted to be of the effeft and force in law, and no other, as the fame was before the making of the faid aft, and was alfo therein and thereby transferred from the faid leafees unto and yelled and .fettled in Martin Noell, then efq; now Sir Martin Noell knight; Thomas Carleton citizen and mercer of London, and John Bradburne of the Middle Temple London gentleman, in trull to difpofe the rents and profits thereof towards the payment of all fuch debts as were intended by the faid leale to be fecured, which debts are yet but very ill fecured , in regard the faid marquefs was but tenant in taile of the premifics at the time of the making of the faid leafe, and fo Hill continues, by rcafon whereof the faid leafe will become of no force arid effeft inlaw after the death of the faid marquefs ; neverthelefs, to the end that fome more certain and lading prorifion may be made for the payment of fuch debts as were thereby intended tO be fecured, in fuch proportions, arid upon fuch terms and conditions as are herein after mentioned, be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That the reverfion and inheritance of all and lingular the premises (hall be and hereby is veded and fettled in Martin Noell efq; fon and heir apparent of the faid Sir Martin Noell, George Blake and John Robin-fon of the city of London efquires, upon thefe truds following ; that is to fay, if any perfon or perfons, their executors, adminiftrators or affignes, to whom any debt is owing, which was intended by that leafe to be fecured, will, at any time before the nine and twentieth of September one thoufand fix hundred fixty and feven, accept of one moyety or half of his or their principal money due, and have intered for the faid moyety from the time of fuch acceptance, at the rate of ten pounds per centum, in full fatisfaftion of his or tbeir whole debt intended by the faid leafe to be fecured, and (hall declare his or their acceptance jby writing under their hands and feals, to be acknowledged

bciv^re

Digitized by uooQle

a. r>.

1665. Chap. 2.

No aft hy faid trullecs without his confent, fhall give continuance to laid leak* beyond

his liie.

Creditors not coni pounding, n< t admitted to benefit.

iruMety of the

drnt veUed in l'.rd Antrim,

7 he ft venteentb and eighteenth Tears ef Charles II. before the lord chancellor, mafter of the roltes, or any mafter in chancery either in England or Ireland, and to be regiftred in the roHs of either kingdom ; and if the (aid marquefs (hall happen to dye after fuch acceptance declared, and before the faid moyety of the principal money, intereft at the rate aforefaid, be fully fatisfied and paid, then the faid truftecs of the reverfion and inheritance of the premifles, the furvivor and furvivors of them, and the heir of the furvivor, (hall, out of the rent?, iflues, and profits thereof, pay, or caufe to be paid, the faid moyctie of the principal, with intereft as aforefaid, or (o much thereof as at the time of the faid marquefles death (hall be behind and uripaid : and if the faid marquefs or his heirs fhall at any time before the nine and twentieth of September, which fhall be in the year of our Lord one tboufand fix hundred feventy and five, pay, or caufe to be paid, all and every fuch creditors, their executors or affigns, who, before the nine and twentieth of September one thoufand fix hundred fixty and feven, fhall compound as aforefaid, their full com-pofition money, with intereft as aforefai'd, then the rever-fion and inheritance of the premifles (hall be and is hereby transferred unto and spiled and fouled in the faid marquefs and his heirs.

CCXXX. Neverthelefs it is hereby declared and enabled. That no fettlement of the reverfion and inheritance by this aft, nor any fine, recovery, or other aft or thing dene or fullered, or to be done or fuflnered, by the faid truftees of the reverfion and inheritance of the premifles, without the privity and confcnt of him the faid marquefs, fhall any wayes extend or be con llrued to give any ftrcngtn or continuance to the faid leafe for ninety nine years, further than during the life of the faid marquefs, but that the faid leafe, from and after the death of the faid marquefs, (hall be, and fo hereby is declared to be fully determined both in law and equity, to all intents and purpofes. v

CCXXXI- And it is further declared, That no creditor, who (hall refufe to come in and compound as aforefaid, (hall be admitted to have any benefit in or by the truft of the reverfion and inheritance as aforefaid.

CCXXXU. And where any debts focured by the (aid leafe (hall be compounded and agreed at one moyety of the principal, with intereft as aforefaid, to the end that fucM compofition may not availe or profit fuch other creditors who (hall refufe to compound as aforefaid, it is further declared and enafted, That the other moyety of the faid principal debt, with the intereft thereof, (hall be and is hereby veiled in and made payable to the faid marquefs, and that he the faid'marquefs (hall have the like benefit,for the payment and fatisfaftion thereof, out of the leafe of ninety nine years, as any other creditor refufing to com*



Digitized by Google

The frventeenlh and eighteenth Tears of Charles IT.	157

pound can or may have ; and the truftees of the faid Ieafe A. D. fhall pay and fatisfie the faid marquelfes executors and ad- 1665. miniftrators the other moyety of the faid debt fo compound-ed, with the intereft thereof, equally, and in like manner and proportion, as the not compounding creditor can or may be fatisfied ; this a&, or any other law to the contrary notwith (landing.

QCXXXUI. And it is further declared by the authority His aforefaid. That the faid Alexander Mac Donnell, John difeharjed. Moor, Archibald Steward, and John Trayleman, foerties for the faid marquefs, and counter fecured by the faid leafe for ninety nine years, untill the fame was transferred as aforefaid, and every of them, their and every of their heirs, executors and adminiftrators, (hall be and are hereby difeharged of and from all aftions, fuites, executions and demands which can or may be had againft them, or any of them, their or any of their lands, tenements, goods or chattells, for or in refpeft of any of the faid debts intended by the faid leafe to be fecured as aforefaid.

CCXXXIV. His Majeflie taking notice of the barbarous New names and uncouth names, by which mod of the towns and places for towns and in this kingdom of Ireland are called, which hath occafioned much damage to diverfe of his good fubjedls, and are very troublefome in the ufe thereof, and much mards the re-formation of that kingdom, for remedy thereof is pleafed jn letters pa-that it be enabled, and be it enabled by the authority afore*- tents, with an * faid, that the lord lieutenant and council (hall and may ad-*^*"* vife of, fettle, and direct in the palling of all letters patents in that kingdom for the future, how new and proper names more fuitable to the Englifh tongue may be mferted with an alias for all towns, lands and places in that Tcingdom, thar (hall be granted by letters patents*'; which new names (hall thenceforth be onely names to be ufed, any law, llatute, cuftome, or ufage to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

CHAP. IIL

An Afl for the Confirmation of Marriages.

WHEREAS by virtue or colour of certain ordinances, c % or certain pretended afts or ordinances, divers 33. Eng. marriages lince the beginning of the late troubles have Marriages un-been had and folemnized in fome other manner than hath ufually folcm-been formerly ufed and accuflomed within this kingdom : ^zcd 1 now for the presenting and avoiding of all doubts and to beof force, queftions, which may be made touching the fame; may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and

the

!

iigitized by Google

13$	$bt Jri'enttenth and Eighteenth Tears bf Charles II;

A. D.	the commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by

1665.	the authority of the lame, that all marriages had or folem-

nizea in this kingdom of Ireland fince the firft day of May, which was in the year of our Lord Gode one thou-fand fix hundred forty and two, before any juftice or reputed juftice of the peace of this your Majefiie’s kingdom of Ireland, and by fuch judice or reputed juftice fo pronounced or declared, and all marriages within this kingdom fince the fame firft day of May, in the year of our Lord God one thoufand fix hundred forty ana twtfi had or folem-nized according to the directions or true intent of any aft or ordinance, or reputed aft or ordinance of one or both houfes of the Parliament of England, or of any convention fitting at Weftminfter, under the name, ftile, or tide of a Parliament, or affumeing the name, ftile or title of a Par: ljament, (hall be and are hereby adjudged, efteemed, and declared to be and to have been of the fame force and effeft in law, as if fuch marriages had been had and foiemnized according to the rites and ceremonies eftablifhed or ufed in the church of Ireland ; any law, cuftome, or ufage to thd contrary thereof notwith(landing.

UTues on haf- II. And be it further enafted, that where in any fixity tard>, &c. tried commenced or to be commenced in any of the courts of •X Jur/« the common law within this kingdom, any iflue hath bee* joyned, and not already tryed or determined, or (hall be joyned upon the point of baftardy or lawfulness of marriage, for or concerning the marriages had and foiemnized as aforefaid, the fame i flues (h?U be tryed by jury of twelve men, according to the courfe of tryal ufed in other • ilfues tryable by jury at the common law, and not otherwife j any law, ftatute, or ufage to the contrary thereof in any wife notvviihftanding.

CHAP. IV.

Private.	An ASIfor the *vejling in and fettling upon Sir William Domevilli

Knight, his Majejlie's Attorney General of Ireland, his Heirs and AJfgus for ever, a Parcel of Land Part of thf PoJ/eJi-ons belonging to the Canons of St, Patrick, Dublin, upon an Agreement <wifb the Dean and chapter thereof, paying tbert-unto a certain yearly Rent,

Private.

CHAP. V.

An A SI for the ft curing fiver al lands, Tenements and Here-

di laments unto George Duke of AltemarL

CHAf.

%

Digitized by C^ooQle

The fevent tenth and tight tenth Tears of Charles II.

CHAP. VI.

*3$ Ai to.

An 4ft for the Uniformity of Publiqve Prayers and Adminif tration of Sacraments, and other Rites and Ceremonies ; and for ejiablijhing the Forme of making, ordaining, and con-fecrating Bijhops, Priejls and Deacons, in the Cbstrch of Ireland.

WHEREAS nothing conduceth more to the honour of 13 & 14.

God, the fetling of the peace of a nation, which C ». 4. Eng. is de fired of all good men, nor to the advancement of re- .PcacC| an<* f ligion, than an univerfal agreement in the publique wor- rtl^o^by'uni-fhip of Almighty God; and to the intent that we, his Ma- vcrgj agrce-jeftie’s fubjeas of this his kingdom of Ireland, may in ment in puhlick this church of Ireland hold the fame conformity of common- worflupof God. prayers and ad mini ft ration of the facraments, and other the rites and ceremonies of the church, according to the ufe of the church of England, together with the pfalter or pfalms of David, pointed as they are to be fung or faid in churches, and the form and manner of making, ordaining, or confecrating of bifhops, priefts and deacons, which Both houfes of was recommended unto both houfes of convocation here convocation, aflemWed in Ireland,'to confider whether the fame forme	the

of publique worlhip might not be profitably received, as ufcd °n the publique form of divine fervice in this your Majeftie’s fend;	*

kingdom of Ireland: whereupon both houfes of convocation did diligently confider the fame, and after mature con-fideration, well weighing the great advantages that muft ncceflarily arife unto the whole kingdome from the uniformity of publique prayers, did fully approve and allow the # fame, and have exhibited and prefented unto your Ma- and prelected jeftie’s lord lieutenant and council here in Ireland, one to l°rd lieute- . book hereunto annexed, intituled, The hook of common prayer and adminiftration of facraments, and other rites and ceremo- common pnyer. nies of the church, according to the ufe of the church of Ireland, together nvith the pfalter or pfalms of David, pointed as they are to be fung or faid in churches; and the form or manner of making, ordaining and confecrating of bijhops, priefts and deacons. Therefore to the intent that the greatly defirable work of uniformity in divine worlhip may be obtained, and that every perfon within this your Majeftie’s realm of Ireland may certainly know the rule to which he is to conform in publique worlhip and adminiftration of facraments, and other rites and ceremonies of the church of Ireland; and the manner how and by whom the bifhops, priefts apd deacons are and ought to be made, ordained and confecrated : may it pleafe your Majeftie that it be enabled, and be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent Majeftie, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal

and

Digitized by v^ooQle

Said book, to this a& annexed , (ball be

The Jhventeenth and eighteenth Tears of Charles fl. and of the commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the authority of the tame, thut all and fingular mi-nifters in any cathedral, collegiate or parifti church or chappef, or other place of public worfbip within this tealm of Ireland, (hall be bound to (ay and ufe the morning prayer, evening prayer, celebration and admmigration ef both the (heraments, and all other the publique and com-of^ubhek*1*^ mon P^a)re^, *n or<*cr anc* f°rir*s 2S is mentioned in the woHhip' faid book annexed and joined to this prefent afl, and intituled, fbe beck of common prayer, and adminift ration of tbi fact aments, and other rites and ceremonies of the church, accord-0 sag to the ufe of the church of Ireland, together with the pfaU ter or pfahns of David, pointed as they are to he jnng or /rid in churches ; and the form or Tkaxncr of snaking, ordaining art cenft crating of bijbefs, priefts and deacons : and that the morning and evening prayers therein contained (hall upon every Lord’s day, and upon all other days and occasions, and at the times therein appointed, be openly and folemnly read by all and every mmifter or curate in very church, chappe), or other place of publique worth ip within this his Mnjeftk's realm of Ireland.

Aflnmftm II. And to the end that uniformity in the pablique worihip

enjoyingccclefio of God which is fo much defired, may befpeedily effe£>ed \

aftjMlb^eeas, -n	enacted	by	the authority afore faid, That eve-

to read and da-	-	1	,	.	.	_	'	. r	.

dare aflent to *7 Pa™n> vicar* ot other minilter whatsoever, who now

hath and enjoyeth any ecckfiatttcal benefice or promotion

within this realm of Ireland, (hail in the church, chappel or

place of publique worihip belonging to his faid benefice or

promotion, upon feme Lord’s day before the feaft day of

the annunciation of the bleficd Virgin Mary, which (hall

be in the year of our Lord God one thoufand fix handred

fixty and feven, openly, publiquely, and folemnly read the

morning and evening prayer appointed by this act to be

read, by and according to t^ie faid book of common prayer,

at the times thereby appointed; and after fuch reading

thereof, ChaH openly and publiquely before the congregation

there afiembled declare his unfeigned aflent and confent to

the ufe of all things in the (aid book contained and pre«

feribed, in thefe words, and no other :

mfe the fame.

I A. B. do hereby declare my unfeigned aftint and ccnfcnt to' all and every thing contained and prej'cr 'tbed in and by the hook, intituled, [fbe hook of common prayer, and administration of the fact aments, and other rites and ceremonies of the church, according to the nfeyf the church of Ireland, together with the gfalter or pfalmt cf David* pointed as they are- to he fung or find in churches’, and the form and manner of maktitg, prdaining and confer at ing of hijhops, priefts and deacons.\

i

And

Digitized by

Google

7 he /e venttenth and eighteenth Years •/ Charles IT.	I4I

And that all and every fueh perfon, who fhall, withoat feme A. D. lawful impediment to be allowed and approved of by the	166 j.

ordinary of the place, ncgle& or refute to do the fame Chap. 6. within the time aforefaid, or in cafe of fuch impediment, \~*~>r***mJ within one month after fuck impediment removed, fhall on pain of (ipfo fa&o) be deprived of his fpiritual promotions $ and deprivation, that rrom thenceforth it fhall be lawful to and for all pfc- • irons and donors of all and lingular the faid fpiritual promotions, or any of thorn, according to their refpec-tivc right and titles, to prefent or collate to the fame, as though the perfon or perfons fo offending or negle&ing were dead.

III.	And be it farther cna&ed by the authority aforefaid, TJjc J;kc. That every perfon who (hall hereafter be prefenced or col- perfon lated, or put into any ccclefiaftical benefice or promotion hereafter pen-within this his Majeftie’s realm of Ireland, fhall in the mood, church, chappel, or place of puWick worlhip belonging to

his faid benefice or promotion, within two moneths next after that he (hall be in the a&ual pofTcfEon of the faid ec-clefiafUcal benefice or promotion, upon fome lord’s day, openly, pabliekly and folemnly read the morning and evening prayers appointed to be read by and according to the find book of common prayer, at the times thereby appointed 3 ani4 after fuck reading thereof, fhall openly and pub-iiqueiy before the congregation there afiembled, declare bis unfeigned affent and content to the ufe of all things therein contained and preferibed, according to the forme before appointed ; and that all and every fuch perfon, who (ball (without fome Jawfull impediment to be allowed and approved by the ordinary of the place) neglett or refute to do the fame within the time aforefaid, or in cafe of fuch impediment, within one moneth after fuch impediment removed, fhall (ipfo fatio) be deprived of all his faid eccle-fiaftical benefits and promotion ; and that from thenceforth it (hail and may be lawFull to and for all patrons and donors of all and ftngular the (aid ecclefiaftical benefices and promotions, or any of them (according to their refpec-tive rights and titles) to prefent or collate to the fame, as though the perfon or perfons fo offending or negledling were dead.

IV.	And be it farther enabled by the authority afore-faid, That in all places where the proper incumbent of

any parfonage or vicarage, or benefice with cure, doth keeping a cu-refide on his living, and keep a curate, the incumbent rate (hall once himfelf in perfon, not having fome lawful! impediment, to a month openly be allowed by the ordinary of the place, mall once at ”a/if^Cc<Sh' lead in every month, openly and publickly read the com-	**

mon prayers and fervice in and by the faid book preferib- rite», ed, and if there be occafion adroinifier each of the facra-mein&, and other rites of the church, in the parilh church

pr

Digitized by LjOOQle

•n pain of to poor.

1 he femntesntb and eighteenth Years of Charles II. or chappel of or belonging to the fame parfbnage, vicat rage or benefice, in fuch order, manner and form, as in and by the faid book is appointed, upon pain to forfeit the fum of five pounds to the ufe of the poor of the parilh for every offence, upon conviction by confefiion, or proof of two credible witneffes upon oath, before two juftices of the county, city, or town-corporate where the offence (hall be committed (which oath the faid juftices are hereby im-powertd to adminifter) and in default of payment within ten days, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of the offcndor, by the warrant of the faid juftices by the church-wardens or overfeers of the poor of the faid parifl*, rendering tl*e furplujage to the party offending.

V.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That every dean and other dignitary, c^non, prebendary, and warden of every cathedral or collegiate church, and all matters and other heads, fellows, chaplains and tutor; of or in any coiledge, hall, houfe pf learning or hofpital, perfans in holy and every publick profeffor and reader ip any upiverfitie*, eiders, fchool- coiledge or colledges which are or (hall be within this mailers andrca]m> every parfon, vicar, curate, lecturer, and every

Deans and ether dignitaries, heads and fellows of colleges or hofpi-taJs, Sec. all

vate tutors, C fuhfcribe the declaration following,

other perfon in holy orders, and every fchool-ra after keeping any publique or private fchool, and every perfon inftru&ug or teaching any youth in any hopfe or private family as a tutor or fchool-mafter, who upon the fe^ft pf St. John Baptift, which (hall be in the year of oar Lord one thou-land fix hundred fixty and feven, or any time hereafter, (hall be incumbent, to have pofleffion of any deanry, dignity, canonry, prebend, wardenlhip, mafterfhip, headihip, fellowihip, profeffpr’s place, or reader’s place, parfonage, vicarage, cr any other ecclefiaftical dignity or promotion^ or of any curate’s place, lecture or fchool, or (hall inftru$ or teach any youth as tutor or fchool-mafter, fiiall before the nine and twentieth day of September, which (hall be the year of our Lord one thoufand fi$ hundred fixty and (even, or at or before his or their refpeftive ad-miffons to be incumbent, or have poffe(fipn of any the dignities, promotions or places afprefeid, fublcribie the declaration or acknowledgment following 5 filicet.

The declara- / A. B. do declare* That it is not lawful upon any pre-tton.	tence	whatfoever	to	take	arms	againft	the	king;	and	that I

abhor that traiterous pojition of taking arms by his authority againft his perfon, or againft thofe that are commiffionattd ty him; and that 1 will conform to the liturgie of the church of Ireland, as it is now ly law eftablijhed; and 1 do declare, that I do hold4 that there lies no obligation upon me, or any ether perfon* from the oath commonly called [The folemn League a*i Covenant] to endeavour any change or alter at ion of govern-

mwtK

Digitized by

Google

The feuentemth end eighteenth Years of Charles II.	143

ment9 cither in church or flate, and that the fame nvas iff it- A. D. Jelf an unlawful oath.	166c.

•	Chap.	6.

Which laid declaration and acknowledgment (hall be Tub-fcribed by every of the faid mailers, and other heads, fel- altered by 4 lows, chaplains and tutors of or in any colledge, hall, or	.	.

houfe of learning, which are or (hall be within this king- before dom, and by every publick profeffor and reader in any chancellor, dec. univerfitie, colledge or coUcdges within this kingdom, before the vice-chancellor, or vifitor or viliiors of the faid colledge, hall, or his or their deputies ; and the faid declaration or acknowledgment lhall be fubferibed before the refpeftive archbilhop, bilhop, or ordinarie of the diocefs, by every other perfon hereby enjoyed to fubferibe the fame; upon pain that all and every the perfons aforefaid, failing Penalty for in or refufmg fuch fubferiptions, (hall lofe and forfeit fuch not fubferibing, his refpeftive deanrie, dignitie, canonrie, prebend, warden-fhip, mafterlhip, headlhip, fellowlhip, profeffor’s place, reader's place, parfonage, vicarage, ecclefiaftical dignide or promotion, curate’s place, lefture and fchool, and (hall be utterly difabled aqd \ipfo fafld) deprived of the fame; and that every fuch refpeftive deanrie, canonrie, prebend,

. mafterlhip, headlhip, fellowfthp> profeffor’s place, reader’s place, parlonage, vicarage, ecclefiaftical dignitie or promotion, curate’s place, lefturd and fchool, lhall be void, as if fuch perfon fo failing or refufing were naturally dead.

VT. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, School-maftq* That every fchool-mafter, or other perfon inftrnfting or and private tn-teaching youth in any private houfe or familie as a tutor tor* toukeoath or fchool-mafter, be required to take the oath of allegiance and fupremacie, which oath is to be adminiftered by the ^ obtain^* ordinarie; and if any fchool-mafter or other perfon, in-licence, paying drafting or teaching youth in any private houfe or familie i*d. as a tutor or fchool-mafter, lhall inftruft or teach any youth as a tutor or fchool-mafter, before licence obtained from Jiis refpeftive archbilhop, bilhop or ordinarie of the diocefs, according to the laws and ftatutes of this kingdom (for which he lhall pay twelve pence onely) and before fuch fubfeription and acknowledgment made as aforefaid, and before fuch taking of the oath of allegiance and fu-premacie as aforefaid; then every fuch fchool-mafter Pcnaltyon and other, inftrnfting and teaching as aforefaid, lhall them, for the firft offence, fuffer three months imprifonment, without bail or mainprize ; and for every fecond and other fuch offence, (hall fuffer three months imprifonment without bill or mainprize, and alfo forfeit to his Majeftie the fum of five pounds; and after luch fubfeription made, Parions, &c» every iuch parfon, vicar, curate and lefturer, (hall procure a ^atT^nd**" pnificate under the hand and feale of the refpeftive archbi- pubUckl^rcad

(hop.

Digitized by v^.ooQle

*4*

A. D.

1665, Chap. 6.

fame and declaration

Part o£ the declaration emitted after 16$ 2.

PerfiMB a*t •rdesaed according t* qptftopal ordination, not to hold eccle-fiaftical promotion.

nor confecrate and admmifter the lacrament,

The ft vent tenth and eighteenth Tears of Charles If. (hop, biftiop or ordinary of the diocefs, who are hereby enjoyned and required, upon demand, to make and deliver the fame, and (hall publickly and openly read the fame, together with the declaration or acknowledgment aforefaid, upon fome Lord’s day within three months then next following, in his pari(h church where he is to officiate, in the prefence of the congregation there afi'embled# in the time of divine fervice; upon pain that every per-fon failing therein (hall lofe fuch parfonage, vicarage or benefice, curate’s place, or le&urer’s place refpe&ivcly, and fhall be utterly difabled, and {ipfo faflo) deprived of the fame; and that the faid parfonage, vicarage or benefice, curate’s place, or le&urer’s place, (hall be void as if he were naturally dead.

VII.	Provided always. That from and after die twenty-fifth day of March, which (hall be in the year of our Lord God one thoufand fix hundred eighty and two, there (hall be omitted in the faid declaration or acknowledgment, fo to be fubferibed and read, thefe words following, {feii)

And I do declare, that I do bold, That there lies no oUira-tion on me, or ary other pa fort, from the oath commonly called, [The Solemn League and covenant] to endeavour any change or alteration of government either in church or fate, and that the fame was in itfelf an unlawful oath.

So as none of the perfons aforefaid, (hall from thenceforth be at all obliged to fubferibe or read that part of the faid declaration or acknowledgment.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it enafted. That front and after the twenty ninth day of September, which (hall be in the year of our lord one thoufand fix hundred fixty and (even, no perfon, who now is incumbent and in pc/Teffion of any parfonage, vicarage or benefice, and who ii' not already in holy orders by epifcop^l ordination, or (hall not before the faid twenty ninth day of September be ordained priell or deacon, according to the form of epifcopal ordination, (hall have; hold or enjoy the faid parfonage, vicarage, benefice with cure, or other ecclefiadical promotion within this kingdom of Ireland, but (hall be utterly difabled, and (ipfo faftd) deprived of the fame, and all his ecclefiadical promotion (hall be void, as if he were oa« turally dead.

IX.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That no perfon whatfoever lhall thenceforth be ca^ pable to be admitted to any parfonage,vicarage, benefice, or other ecclefiadical promotion or dignity whatfoever ; nor (hall prefume to confecrate and adminider the holy facra-ment of the Lord’s Supper, before fuch times as he dull

Digitized by

Google

The feventeentb and eighteenth Tears of Charles If. .	14-.

be ordained prlejft, according to the form and manner in A. D. and by the (aid book prefcribed, unlefs he have formerly 1665. been made prieft by epilcopal ordination ; upon pain to for- Chap. 6. . feit, for every offence, the fum of one hundred pounds 5 one moyetie thereof to the King’s Majedie; the other Penalty tool, moyetie thereof to be equally divided between the poor of the parifh where the offence (hall be committed, and fuch perfon or perfons as fhall fue for the fame by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of his Majeftie’s courts of record, wherein no effoyn, prote&ion, or wager of law (hall be allowed, and t6 be difabled from taking or being admitted into the order of pried, by the fpace of one whole year then next following.

. X. Provided alwayes. That no title to confer or prefent -^hcn t-ltjc by lapfe (hall accrew by any avoidance or deprivation (ipfo iapfe fufto) by virtue of this datute, but after fix months after accrue, notice of fuch avoidance or deprivation given by the ordinary to the patron, or fuch fentence of deprivation openly and publickly read in the parifh church of the benefice, par-fonage or vicarage becoming void, or whereof the incumbent fhall be deprived by virtue of this a&.

XI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. No other form *That no form or order of* common prayers, adminidration of prayer or of (acraments, rites or ceremonies, mail be openly ufed in tc* any church, chappel, or other publique place, of or in any °j^c£ U^fin colledge or hall in any univerfity, colledge or colledges * within this realm, or any of them, other then what is prefcribed and appointed to be ufed in and by the faid book ; and that the prefent governour, or head of every colledge and hall in the univeriity, and of the faid colledge or col-iedges, within one month after the twenty ninth day of September, which fhall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred fixty and feven, and every governour, or head of any of the (aid colledges or halls hereafter to be	0f	co|.

ele&ed or appointed, within one month next after his leges nnll read election or collation, and admiflion into the fame government and lubfcribe or headfhip, fhall openly and publiquely in the church, 39^^,cs chappel, or other publique place of the fame colledge or hall, and in the prefence of the fellows and fcholars of the * fame, or the greater part of them then refident, fubfcribe to the thirty nine articles of religion agreed upon by the archbifhops and bifhops and the whole clergy in the convocation holden at London in the year of our Lord one thou-fand five hundred fixty and two, for the avoiding of diver-fities of opinion, and for eftablifhing of coafent touching true religion, and unto the faid book, and declare his unfeigned afient and confent unto, and approbation of the (aid articles, and of the fame book, and to the ufe of all the Vol. II.	K	prayers.

Digitized by t^ooQle

fervice. Penal tie*

The fiventcentb and eighteenth tsars tf Charles TI. phiytrs, rites and ceremonies, forrts aftd ontes ih the Cad book prescribed and contained, aecbtdmg to die form afort-fold ; dnd that all fuch goveraottrs or heads of the feid col-ltdges and halls, or any of them, as are or (haH be in holy if m holy or- orders, (hall ©nee at leaft in every (quarter of the year, not field r«id laid" having a kwfal impediment, openly and public kly read the -	-	morning	pnryer and fervice in and by the faid book appoint*

ed to be read in the chureh, chippel, or other publick plkce of the feme coftedge or hall ; Upon pain to lofe and be fnf-pended of and from all the benefits and profits belonging to the faid govemttefrt or headihip by the fpf»ce of file months, by the vifitbr or vifitora of the feme colledge or hafl; and if any govemour or head of any colledge or hall fufpended for not fubferibing unto the faid articles arcd bock, or for not reading of the morning prayer and fervice afordaid, rtiad not, at or before the end of fix months next after fitch fof-penfion, fubferibe to the feid articles and book, and dMare his oonfent thereunto as afotefeid, or i*ead the fribbling prayer and fervice as aforefaid, then fuch government or Said penalties headship (hall be (iffo fado) void ; provided that the penal-not to extend to ties in this att fhall not extend to the foreigners or aKens of the forreign reformed churches allowed or to be allowed by the King’s Majefty, his heirs and fuccdfibrs, fn thrt kingdom,

XII.	Provided always, That it ftrdll and rttar be kwfid to ufe the morning and evening phiyer, and all other prayer* and fervice* pref^ribed in and by the faid book, in the chap-

Where fcrvicc P^8 or °*her publick places of any colledges, halls or uni-in Utin may be verfities within this realm, an~ in the convocations of the clergy, in Latino ; any thing 4n this a& contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII.	And be it further emitted by the authority afore-laid, That no perfon (hall be or Ite riVeivrd as a letturer, of permitted, fufFercd, or allowed to preach as a letturer, or to preach or read any fennon or letture in any church, chappd, or other place of publique worfV'p within this realm of Ireland, unlcfs he be firft approved and thereunto licenfed by the archb^hop of the province, or hiftiop of the diocef?, or (in cafe the fee be void) by the guaHidn of the fpirftualititt, Under his feal, and (hall in the prefence of the fame arch-bifhop, or bifoop, or guardian, read the nine and thirty articles of religion above mentioned, with declaration of hh unfeigned affent to the fame ; and that every perfon and perfous, who now is or hereafter (hall be licenfed, aflfghed, appointed, or received as a letturer to preach upon afty day of the week in any church, chappe), or place of pubhek worfhip within this realm of Ireland, the firft' time ht

ufed.

No preacher allowed till li-ceafcd.

aflent to the 39 article* and book oi common prayer,

prcacheth, before his ftrnvbn, Avail openly,

pnblickly and

foienudy

Digitized by V^OOQle

The Seventeenth and eighteenth Years of Charles IL foTemnly repd the common prayers and fervioe in and by tie Taiityoolb appointed tp be read fox that time of tie day, and then and there piftdkkty and openly declare his affcnt unto and approbation of the laid book, and Jo ^be ufe of aS the prayers, rite3 and ceremonies, forms and orders therein contained and preferibed* aceoidiag to-the form before appointed in this aft ; and alfo- fhall upon the fidt lefture day’ of every month afterwards, fb Jong as he continues lefturiy or preacher there, at the place appointed for his faid lefture or fermon, before-his faid lecture or fermon, openly, publick-ty and folemoly read the commyn prayers and fervice in and *by the faid book appointed to be read for that time of. the day at which the fa>d lefture or ferman is to be preached, and after Fuch reading thereof .fhall openly and publtckly, before the congregation there aflbihbled, declare his unfeigned aflent and confect unto and approbation of- the faid book, and to the ufe of all the prayers, rites aad ceremonies, forms and orders therein contained and preferibed, according to the form aforefaid ; and that all and every fuch peffon and perfons, who lhall negieft or refufe to do the fame, (hall from thenceforth be difabled to preach the faid or any other lefture or fermon in the faid or any other church, cbappel or place of publick worfhip, until fuch time as he and they fhall openly, publicity and folemnly read the common prayers and ferviue appointed by the faid book, and conform in all points to the things therein appointed and preferibed, according to the purport, true intent and meaning of this aft.

XIV.	Provided always, That if the laid fermon or lecture be to be preached or read m any cathedral or collegiate church or chappel, il fhall be fufficient for the faid lefturer, openly at the time aforefkid, to declare his aiTent and con-lent to all things contained in the laid book, according to the form afbrefaid.

XV.	And be it further enafted' by the authority afore-faid. That if any perfon, who is by tliis aft difabled to preach any lefture or fermon, fhall, during the time that he fbaU continue and remaine lb difabled, preach any fermon or lefture, that then, for every fuch offence, the perfon and 'perfonp Co offending fhall fuffer three months impriionment in the common goal, without bail or mainprize, aad that any two juftices of the peace of any county of this kingdom, and the mayor or other chief magiilrate of any city or town corporate within the fame, upon certificate from the ordinary of the place made to him or them of the offence committed, fhall, and are hereby required to commit the perfon ^r perfons fo offending to the goal of the fame county, city or *©wn corporate accordingly.

K %	XVI. Pro-

on pain of difabiiity.

Tfin cathedra?* See fufficient to declare, affenc.

Penalty of preaching during difability, three months imprifonment.

Digitized by LjOOQle

Common

Sermons and

If dure* in colleges as ufual.

The former ftatntc for uni-

7%t fcventeentb and eighteenth Years of Charles II.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That at all and every time and times when any fermon or lefture is to be preached, the common prayers and fervice in and by the faid book appointed to be read for that time of the day, (hall be openly, publickly “d folrnnly .md fome prieft or deacon in the church,

ledorcrprefoit. chappd, or place of publick worfhip, where the (aid fermon or lefture is to be preached, before fudi lefture or fermon be preached, and that the lefturer then to preach {hall be prelent at the reading thereof.

XVII.	Provided neverthclefs, That this aft (hall not extend to the chappels in the univerfity, coDedge or colledges, that are or (hall be in this realm, or any of them, when or at fuch times as any fermon or lefture is preached or read in the laid chappels, or any of them, for or as the puklique univerfity fermon or lefture; but that the lame {crmons and lefture* may be preached and read in fuch fort and manner as the fame have been heretofore preached or rad in the faid univerfity or colledge ; this aft, or any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife not-withftanding.

XVIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the law and ftatnte of this realm, whici

formity to (land hath been formerly jnade, and is now in force, for the uni-in force, for t 11a- formh y of prayer and admin ift rat ion of the factaments ,hbming faid w{thin this realm of Ireland, (hall Hand in full force and ftrength to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, for the cfta-blifhingand confirming of the faid book, intituled. Tbs beck of Common-prayer, and adminifiration of the facr ament iy and other rites and ceremonies of the churchy according to the oft of the cbssrcb of Ireland; together with the ffalter or pfalm of Demid, pointed as they are to he fung or faid in churehes9 and the form and manner of meskingy ordaining or confecratiug of hijbopsy priefis and deacons, herein before mentioned to be joyned and annexed to this aft ; and (hall be applied, practiced, and put in ure for the punishing of all the offences contrary to the faid law, with relation to the book aforefaid, and no other.

LiranTca,	XIX.	Provided	alwayes, and be it further enafted by

prayers,relating t),e authority aforefaid. That in all thofe prayers, litanies to e ing, aiK| couc&8 which do any way relate to the King, Queen, royal progeny, or the lord lieutenant, or other chief gover-nour or governours of this kingdom, the names or tides be altered and changed from time to time, and fitted to the then prefent occafion, according to the direftion of law authority.

XX. Provided alfo, and be it enafted by the authority at coft of pai ilh- aforeiaid, That a true printed copy of the faid book, inti-ioRcrB-	tuled,

f

to be altcted from time.

Printed copies

Digitized by Google

The feventeentb and eighteenth Tears of Cliarles II.' tuled, the book of common prayer and adminiftration of the fa-craments, and other rites and ceremonies of the churchy according to the ufe of the church of Ireland; together with the pfalter or pfalms of David, pointed as they are to be fung or Jiaid in churches, and the form and manner of making, ordaining and confecrating of bifhops, griefs and deacons, (hall at_ the coft and charge of the parifhioners of every parifh church and chappelry, cathedral church, colledge, collegiate church and hall, be attained and gotten before the twenty ninth day of September, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred fixty and feven, upon pain of forfeiture of three pounds /terI. by the month, for fo longtime $1 per month. as they fhall be then after unprovided thereof, by every parifh or chappelry, cathedral church, colledge, collegiate church and hall, making default therein ; the Slid forfeiture to be levied by the church-wardens, and imployed for the reparation of the church, and relief of the poor.

XXI.	Provided alwayes. That whereas the fix and thirtieth article of the nine and thirty articles agreed upon by the archbifhops and bifhops of both provinces, and the whole clergy in the convocation Holden at London in the year of Lord one thoufand five hundred fixty and two, for

On pata of

our

the avoiding of diverfities of opinions, and for eftablifiling of confent touching true religion, is in thefe words following, (viz,)

That the book of confecration of archbifhops and bip?ops, and Word* of ordaining of priefls and deacons, lately fet forth in the time of arucl#. King Edward the fixth, and confirmed at the fame time by authority of Parliament, do contain all things neceffary to fuch. confecration and ordaining; neither hath it any thing that of' it fitlf is fuperftitioui and ungodly, and therefore whofoever are con-fecrated or ordered, according to the rites of that book, fince the fecondyear of the aforenamed King Edward unto this time, or hereafter JhflU be confecrated or ordered according to the fame rites, we decree all fuch to be rightly ordered, and lawfully confecrated and ordered:

It be enafted, and be it further enafted by the authority Conftru&ion

a fore faid, That all fubferiptions hereafter to be had or made of fuMcriptions

unto the faid articles by any deacon, prieft, or ecclefiafticalt0 39 articles.

perfon, or other perfon whatfoever, who by this aft, or any

other law now in force, is required to fubferibe unto the

(aid articles, (hall be confirued, and be taken to extend, and

ihaD be applyed for and touching the faid fix and thirtieth

article, unto the book containing the forme and manner of

making, ordaining and confecrating of bifhops, priefls and

deacons in this aft mentioned, in fuch fort s(pd manner as

the

Digitized by v^ooQle

i5o

A. D.

The / event cent b a&d eighteenth Tears cf Charles TT. the fame did heretofore extend unto the book fet forth In the time of King Edward the fixth, mentioned in the faid fix and thirtieth article ; any thing in the faid article, or in any (latute, a£l or canon heretofore had or made to the contrary thereof in any wife notv/itlifianding.

CHAP. VII.

An Aft for P mu if on of MlnifU rs in Cities, Corporate Tnvns, ami malting the Church of St. Andrew^ in the Suburbs of the City zf Dubin, prefniative for ever.

Money ah T N moll humble manner praying and bcCeecJung year lotted to incum- moft excellent Majdlie, the lords fpiritual and temporal! bents in citie» an({ coraniona Jn this prefent Parliament aflemblcd, that whereas there are fmall or no tvthes or other duties fettled

and corporations, out of every houfe in the parish.

by law upen the incumbents who have a&uall cure of foul* in the city and fuburbs of Dublin, and the liberties thereunto adjoyning, and in other cities, towns corporate of tbit your Majellies kingdom of Ireland : that it may he therefore ena&ed, and be it hereby enabled by yoirr moll excellent Majcfly, by and with the confcnt of the lords fpirtual and temporal and the commons in Parliament aflemtlcd, and by the authority of the fame, That it /hall and may he lawful for the lord lieutenant. Or other chief govemour or go-vernours, and fix or more of your MajefnVs privy council of this kingdom, to allot, afeertain, fet forth and charge, or caufe to be allotted, afeertained, fet forth and charged, any fum or fums of money to be paid unto the fevtral and refpeflive incumbents, and their refpcclive fucceifors within the foid city and fuburbs of Dublin, and liberties thereunto adjoyning, and other cities and towns corporate in thij kingdom, who have adlual cure of fouls in each parilh re-N«t exceeding fpe&ively, out of each houfe and houfes belonging to the i^d per pound faid parilh, whether it be by apportioning the laid money of yearly value, anc| payment according to the yearly value of each houfe, or otherwife, fo as the fame payment do not exceed twelve pence f*rl,ig for every pound of the yearly value of each houle, fuch yearly value alwayes to be intended as the feme fliail be valued upon oath by perform to be nominated in that behalf, and authorized by com million under the great feal of this kingdom, by direction of the lord b’eufcenant, or other chief govemour or governours for tJbe time being of Houfe va- this your MajefLit’s kingdom ; in which valuation, tf k ihaH Ined above 6cl. happen that any houfe be valued above fixty pounds firing y pct amvoiy yet the foid	or other paribus to

be intrufied in the faid valuations, are to return fitch houfe but at fixty jwunds per outturn; vyjhich fold commiffion or

com-

t« be returned at no more.

Digitized by Google

ST^/ feventtentb and eighteenth Tears of Charles II.	lyi

c«mrnUIiona are to be from time to time returned under the	A. D.

hands anA of t^e commiffioners to tiie clerk of the	1665.

council fox the tuije being ; and after fuch allotment fo Ohio. •*. made, auq Lm oy funu of money afcertaiited, charged and fet fpirti* i,o he paid a» aforefaid, and approved by 5ie lord lieyteajU}!, or olher chief govomour or governours, and copncil of this kiagdorue, fuch charge on each inliabitant of each houfe, fjiail be as good and effectual in law, as if the very Cdftie fum or fums, which fhall be lb charged, had been particularly ^^prefled and ena^eef to be paid out of each houfe ; aqd the fum fo abetted or charged upon each inha* rcccj7€<j j>y bitant fhati be received by the church-wardens refpeftively, churchwarden!-', and by them pa d to the fevcral and refpeftive incumbents, paid to incum-and their fuccclTors, by four equal portions every year, 'viz. bcnt* by 4 the tepfi of the nativity of our Bleffed Lord and Saviour, Portlol,s yttar the feaft of the annuntiation of the Bleffed Virgin Mary, the fea£ of St. John the Baptill, and the feafl of St,

Michael the Archangel, by the inhabitants, or refpeftive inhabitants thereof; and in cafe any inhabitant (hall, upon Levied by demand by the church-wardens of the refpeftive pariihes, diftref* and (ala. refill* or diday to pay fuch fum or fun>s of money as fhall be fb allotted or charged upon the houfe wherein he 4\velleth, at any of the days or times aforefaid, that then it (hall and may be lavyful for the faid church-warden* of each parifh to enter into the faid houfe and dillraiq on the fevqral and refpeftive perfons fo in arrear for the farpe, and the dill refs or diflreffcs to carry away and fell to pay to the ii>cumbeut fuoh money as fhall be dqe unto him, and to deliver the remainder qnto the faid inliahitant; and if the church-wardens church-fhall fail to do their duties therein, then aqd in fuch cafe, wardens punifli-fuch church-wardens to be, punilht for their negledls, as the able tor neglcft. lord lieutenant, or other clucf governour or governoure and council of this kingdom fh*D think fit.

II.	Provided alwayes, That no commit011 by virtue of commif-

this aft 3uU be directed or iffue for valuation into any one f10* ,»fVd!u*ition parifh of any houfes hereafter to be built, more or oflner oi'tiiertluuthrce than oi)£e in three years.	yc^ri.

III.	And whereas the parifh church of St. Andrew’s in the county of the city of Qubijn, hath been wholy demo-Hfhed for thefc many ye^rs pail, arjd no effeftual care hitherto taken for the rebuilding thereof, whereby the inhabitants of the faid parifh, and of Lazars, aUas Lazic-hill, have had no place within thcipfelyes for the publick fe/vice af God, to the great difhonojr of God, and the difcomfort of the people : may it therefore pleafe your moft excellent Majtfly, that for the honour of God, and accommodation 0} the inhabitants aforefaid, it be enafted by your Majftlie, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and.

*	temporal

Digitized by LjOOQle

Lazar hill

The fwenteenth and eighteenth Tears of Charles II. temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament affemblcd, that the ambitc and trad of ground commonly called the Stane, u .^s Lazar, a as Lazic-hill, be constituted and made part of ttte parilh of St. Andrew’s aforefaid ; and that the inhabitants of the faid parifh be hereby authorized,* Andrew? pa- * by contribution amongil thejnfelves, to rebuild the {kid nil,	church, in fuch manner as (hall be agreed upon by them, or

inhabitants to the major part of them 5 and that the faid parifh church rebuild 8t. An- fhall for the time to come be prefentative as a vicarage by the church prc- chancellor of Ireland, the lord archbifhop of Dublin, tentative/ the vice treafurer of his Majeftie’s revenue, the lord chief by lord chan juftice of his Mweftie’s court of chief place, the lord chief cellar, Ac. juflice of his Majeflie’s court of common pleas, the lord chief baron of his Majcflie's court of Exchequer, and the matter of the rolls, and their fuoceflbrs for the time bring, or by any four or piore of them, whereof the lord arcn-bifhop of Dublin to be alwayes one ; and that Richard Lingart, the now profeffor of divinity in trinity colkdgc neer Dublin, be and is hereby conttituted the firft vicar or incumbent thereof.

IV.	A«d f* it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid.

That Arthur earl of Anglefey, bis Majeftie’s vice-treafurer, Sir John Tepiple knight, mailer of the rolls, and SirMou-riceEuftace knight, or the furvivors of them, be and arc hereby conttituted and appointed church-wardens of the faid parilh for the firft two years ; and that they and their fucceffors, church-wardens for the time being, be hereby empowered to rate and nffefs the feveral houfes within the parilh of St. Andrew’s and Stane, alias Lazie-hill, in fuch manner as they (hall think fit, with the cpnfent of the faid inhabitants, or the major part of them, ai fuch meetings as fhall be appointed to that purpofe, for and towards the building of the laid church, if the voluntary contributions already made, and to be made, will not do it; and for the relief of the poor, and other pious ufes, as (hail be thought neceffary by the inhabitants bf the parilh, or the major part of them.	•	■	'	'*	"	'

V.	And be it enafted. That the faid church-wardens

The firft incumbent.

Church-war-

dens,

To affefc inhabitants.

Tncorpoiatcd,

Powers.

Precertorof Sf. Patridt’* xctflor of laid parifh

and their fuccelTors for the time being (hall be a body corporate, and have power to fue and be filed by the name of the eburphrwardens of the parifh of $t. Andrews, and by that name to purchafe lands, tenements and hereditaments of the yearly value of one hundred pounds fterling to the life of the laid parilh 5 the ftatutc of Mortmain, or any other law or ftatute to the contrary notwithllanding.

VI. And whereas the re&ory of the church of St. Andrews aforefaid, together with certain houfes and their back-

fides, enclofed • within the church-yard,

have anciently be-

lunwj

The fcnsenteenth and eighteenth Tears 3/" Charles II,	153

longed to the precentor of the cathedral church of St. A. D. Patricks neer Dublin, as part of the corps of his precentor- 1665. fhip s in confideratioit thereof be it enadcd by the authority aforefaid, That the now precentor of St. Patricks Dublin 10I. per an*. aforefaid, and his fucceffors, fhall be redor or redors ofappr K?riLtcfl the faid parifh, and (hall have the yearly fum of ten pounds	*	*

fieri 1 ig appropriated, and be k hereby appropriated unto him and them, to be paid untp him and them by the vicar .or incumbent of the faid church of St. Andrews for the time being, in two equal proportions at two fet times of the year (that is to fey) five pounds at or upon the feaft day of St* John Baptift, and other five pounds at or upon the feaft day of die nativity of our Bleffed Lord and Saviour ; the firft payment to begin at or upon the firft of the faid feaft days as (hall happen to be full fix months next after the induction of the firft vicar or incumbent aforefaid^

VII. And be it further enaded, That fuch punifhment as by this ad (hall or may be impofed by the lord lieutenant, or other chief govemour or govemours and council for the time being, upon church-wardens for negleding their duties punHhment of required by this ad, (hall not extend to any other kind puntfhmeut, than by one or more fine or fines, or imprifon-ment, not to exceed the fum of five pounds /hrling for fuch refpedivc offence, and fuch imprifonment not to exceed one month, at any one time, for any one offence, and the fame to continue without b^il or mainprize, if they (hall fo think

CHAP. VIII.

An A3 for Relief of Poor Pr if oners.

WHEREAS by the reafon of the multitude of idle Explain^ perfons and others fuipeded for felonies and other 3	*•	5*

mifdemeanors, the goals of the feveral counties of this kingdom are filled with poor people, of whom many for want of means to fuftaine them do often perifh before they come to their tryal, and many others that live are in great and extream want, hunger, and penury, having no means to maintain themfelves; for remedy whereof, be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, with the aflent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the feme,

• That the juftices of the peace of every county within this Jufticcsof realm at the general quarter feffions of the peace to be holden peace, &c. at within the faid counties, or the more part of the faid juftices ^^^fo*** that are there prefent, and the mayor, portriff, foveraign, E"ofpoor p^. /herifFs, bayliffs, aldermen, and otiler head officers of the Toners, teV.

cities.

Digitized by Google

A. D.

• 1665.

Ch^p. 8.

Appeal to quarter i'cfliops.

Y,Then collectors flip.ll pay ; and how diftri-bnred to poor priiouers.

The frvetUiqith and eighteenth Tears nf Ch*rtc> IF-' cities^ borough** places, and towns a>cpf>ntfe, winch, counties of thcmfcives, <*r move part of them pryffu| it their general quartcr-ieffionp Qr afieiublies, (ball r^te. wad tix every parilh in the faid county ^nd town corporate . ip-fpecfively, at fuch reafoqabk fums of money for and towards the ycli^f cf the laid prtfopevs, a* thev convenient by their diferetirns^ ^nd (tail li£e\vhc at tbe feme quarter-fefijous, or general ailunpjies, nomipate aad appoint one or more of the freeholders, or other boned ai*4 fufficient inhabitants within each parifh refpectivcly, to collect and leavy the feid fums of moijey fi) rated and taxed, and (hall deliver unto every of the faid collector or collectors re-fpedively a note in writing, uncler the hands of two or more of the feid iidtieesj or under the band of the mayor or head officer of the city or town corporate, containing the fern of money by them fo fet, aficikd aru} taxed upon tjic feid pariffi, wherein he or they {ball fe nominated or apppjn/ed to be colle&or or collectors ; which collector or poJJcijdOTS receiving the faid note (hall have fjull power and ^ut%ruyf by virtue of this a&, to demand, colLci, kavy and receive the feki fums of money fo fet and taxed upon the able inha-fcitaots of the feid pariffi wherein he or t^jey £h*ll kp qalieclor or collc&ors rateably and pxxjportioqahly, and if of tb$ parifhioners or inhabitants yithin any of the pariffie< £0 rated and taxed ihall refufe to pay ki$ or th?ir rateable (ha/ss of the faid taxation, then the faid perfon or pcrfons nominated and appointed as aforefaid for the collection and leavying of the (aid moneys, ihall and may diftrain the goods ami chatties of the faid partie or parties which (hall refufe to pay the fame, and to fell the faid dill refs, or fufficient quantity thereof, reftoring the overplus of the faid didrefs, and money come by the faid fale, to the owner or owners of tire faid diftrefs ; provided always th^t if any* perfon or pertoy Khali find him or themfelve6 grieved by any I;ich fefe or taxc, or by any adt of the faid coDettor or cnlle&ors, that then, the greater number of the jjifticcs of the peace, alkmhled at their general quarter-feflions, fiiall have power to take fuch order therein as they in their diferetions (hall think fit, aud the fame to conclude and bind all parties.

II. And be it further ena&ecl, That the faid coHedlor And colleftors firall, once every quarter of the year, pay to the high conilable of every bavony, and in cities and corporate toy.*n$ that are counties to the aldermen of every ward, all fuch fums of money as their pariffi ffiaU be rated and taxed atf for and towards the relief of the feid poor prifoners; and that tjic faid aldermen and high cenilablcs, and every of them, (hall at every general quarter-feffions, to be holden within the faid feveral counties or towns corporate,

pay

Digitized by _______

Google |

C*Hodor*to

The feventeentb and eighteenth Tears of Charles II. pay all fuch fums of money, fo to them paid by the (aid coi*

Ie&ors, unto fuch fufficient perfon or perfons dwelling near to the faid goalee as (hall be appointed by the laid juftices, mayor or other head officer or officers, at their quarter-fef-fions or general afTemblies, to receive the fame; and that the faid perfon or perfons, who (hall fo receive the laid mosey, fhall weekly diftribute the fame to fuch poor prifoners as fhall then be in rcllraint in the faid gaoles, who have no means to maintain themfelves $ and that every of the laid __ eolleftors and receivers, their executors and admiiiLdrators, account.

(hall, in open court, at every general quaiter-feffionjs to be held within the faid county or town corporate relpeftively, make a juft and true accompt, upon oath, of their collections, receipts and di/burfoments, before the juftices of the peace and mayor, or other head officer or officers ndpeftive^

Iy ; and if they, or any of them, fhall refufe the cofleftion u r<>. r. ^ or receipt of the faid moneys, or to pay and diftribute the be attached, *c. fame, or to make a true accompt in manner and form as is appointed by this aft, then upon information thereof made unto any one of the juftices of the peace of the county, or unto the mayor, or chief officer or officers of the city or town corporate, where fuch party or parties fo refuting do dwell, the faidjuflice, mayor, or other chief officer or officers, fhall forthwith caufe the faid partie or parties fo refuting to be attached, and brought before him and them, and require him or them to perform the faid collection, receipt, payment, dillribution or accompt of the faid moneys, as the cafe fhall require, and as he ought to do, ac* cording to the true intent and meaning of this ftitute; which if he or they fhall refufe to do, then the (aid jufticc, mayor, or other chief officer or officers, are to commit him or them fo refuting to the goale, tljere to remain until he or they fhall em*f into recognizances to his Majefty, in fuch^eafonable fum of money, as the faid juftice, or mayor, or other chief officer or officers, ffiatl appoint to perform the fame.

III. And be it further enafted by the authority of this How the prefent Parliament, That if any aftion of trcfpafs, or other fuit, (ball happen to be attempted and brought againft any	this

perfon or perfons for taking any diftrefs, making of any tlatute. fale, or any other a<% by authority of this prefent aft, the defendant or defendants, in any fuch aftion or fait (hall and may either plead not guilty, or otherwife make avowry, cognizance, or junification for' the taking of the faid dtf-trefles, making of tide, or other aft by virtue of this aft, alleging in fuch avowry, cognizance, or junification, that the (aid diftrefs, fale, trefpafs, or other thing, whereof the plaintiff? or plaintiffs, complained was done by authority of

thif

/

Digitized by ^3 ooQle

tried by a jury j

Defendant* recovering to have treble damages, with cofia.

Duty of juftices.

Fines for relief of laid prifoncri.

The fcvertieenth and eighteenth Tears of Charles IT. this aft, and according to the tenor, purport and cflfeft of this aft, without any exprefling or rchearial of any other matter of circumftance contained in this prefent aft ; to which avowry, cognizance, or juftification, the plaintifTe (hall be admitted to reply, that the defendant or defendant? did take the faid diftrefs, made the faid fale, or did any other aft or trefpafa fuppofed in his declaration, of his or their own wrong, without any fuch caufe alledgtd by the faid defendant or defendants ; whereupon the iffuc in every fuch aftion (hall be joyned, to be tryed by verdift of twelve men, and not otherwise, accuftomed in other perfpnalj afti-ons ; and upon the tryal of that ifluc, the whole matter to be given on both parties in evidence, according to the very truth of the (ame $ and after fuch iflue tried for the defendant or defendants, or non-fuit of the plaintiffe or plaintiffct after appearance, the faid defendant or defendants to reco» ver treble 'damages, by reafon of his or their wrongful vexation in that behalf, with cods alfo on that part fuflain-cd, and that to be aflefled by the fame jury, or writ to inquire of the damages, as the fame (hall require ; and the juftices of aflize and goale delivery are hereby required to give this aft in charge at every general aflizes and goale delivery to be held wuthin the leveral counties of their circuits, and to take fpecial care to fee the fame duly executed and performed, and duly to punifli all and every fuch per-fon and perfons as they (hall find negligent in the execution of this ftatute, or delinquent againft the fame.

IV. And be it further enafted by the authority afore* faid. That all and every fuch fine and fines, as (hall be legally aflefled upon any perfon or perfons indifted upon this ftatute, (hall be levyed by the (heriff of the county where the party (hall be indifted, by fpecial warrant of the juftices of aifize and goale delivery of the laid county, and paid to the clerk of the crown of the faid county, and that the faid clerk of the crown (hall diftribute the fame for the relief of the poor prifoners aforefaid.

CHAP. X.

An Aft for Difahling of Spiritual Perfons from bolding Bene-fees, or other Ecclfiaftieal Dignities in England or Wales, and in Ireland at the fame Time*

No pci Ton to

fcoldccciefiafh- "TTCT HEREAS divers fpiritual perfons who have bene-^cnefSmEnr- VV Aces, or other ecclefiafticall dignities or promotions land and Ireland in his Majefties kingdom of England, or the dominion of at fame time. Wales, do commonly accept of and retain bifhopricks or other ecclefiaftical dignities, benefices or promotions in this kis Majcftie’s kingdome of Ireland, the duties of both which

in



Digitized by UooQle

The fevtntuntb and eighteenth Tears of Charles II.	157

in the laid feveral kingdoms they are in no wayes able to A. D. difeharge, whereby the fervice of God and his worfliip is in 1665. many places of this kingdom negle&ed : for remedy where- Chap. 10. of, be it ena&ed by the King’s moll excellent Majeftie, by ^; and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and the commons in this prefent Parliament aflem-bled, and by the authority of the fame, That all and every perfon and perfons having any bilhoprick, benefice, or other ecclefiaftical dignity or promotion in his Majeftie’s kingdom of England, or dominion of Wales, (hall, after the twenty	'	*

fourth day of June, in the year one thoufand fix hundred fixty and fix, and during the time of his holding and enjoying the fame, be wholly incapable of holding or enjoying •any bilhoprick, or other ecclefiaftical dignity, benefice or promotion in this kingdom of Ireland ; and that from and after the four and twentieth day of June in the year one thoufand fix hundred fixty and fix, all grants and prefenta-tions of any bifhopricks, or other ecclefiafticall dignities, benefices or promotions in this kingdom, to any perfon or perfons at the time of fuch grant or prefentation having or enjoying any bilhoprick, or other ecclefiafticall benefice, dignity or promotion in his Majefties kingdom of England, fhall be and is hereby declared to be null and void to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, in fuch and the like manner as if fuch bifhop, incumbent, or dignitary had died or refigned ; and that from thenceforth it {hall and may be lawful to and for the King’s moil excellent Majeftie, and all other patrons and doners of all and fmgular the faid bifhopricks, ecclefiaftical promotions, dignities or benefices, or of any of them, in this kingdom of Ireland, according to their refpeftive rights and titles to grant, prefent or collate to the fame, as if the faid perfon or perfons were dead or had refigned. And alfo if any perfon or perfons having or enjoying any bilhoprick, or other ecclefiaftical dignity, benefice or promotion in this his Majefties kingdom of Ireland, {hall, after the four and twentieth day of June one thoufand fix hundred fixty and fix, accept of, hold or enjoy	*

any bilhoprick, or other ecclefiaftical dignity, benefice, or promotion in his Majefties kingdom of England, or dominion of Wales, that then and immediately from and after fuch Acceptance, holding or enjoying thereof, all former grants and prefentations of any bifhopricks, benefices, or other ecclefiaftical dignities or promotions in this kingdom of Ireland, to any fuch perfon or perfons, {hall be and are	,

hereby alfo declared to be null and void to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, in fuch and the like manner as if fuch bifhop, incumbent, or dignitary had dyed or ,refigned 5 any licence or other difpenfation to the contrary hereof obtained,

or

Digitized by

7%e frven* tenth mndeighteenth Tears of Charles IT.

A. D. or to he obtained notwRhftancIrag; and that from thence-1665. forth it (hall and may be lawfull to and for the King’s mo2 excellent Majeftie, and all other patrons aad donors df all and fingolar the (aid bifhopricks, ecclefiaftical promotions, dignities or benefices, or of any of them, in this kingdom of Ireland, according to their rc£pc&ive rights and titles, to grant, prefent, or collate to the fame, as if the find perfon or perfons were dead, or had refignecL BsflmoT Of- II. Provided always, that it fliaJI and may be lawfuH for ^urv	reverend father in God, Griffith lord hilltop of

' Oflory, to hold and retain the hifhoprick of Oflory, together with the dcanry of Bangor in his Majefties dominions of Wales, until the augmentation mentioned in the a&, intituled. Ah A - for the better execution of bis Majefiies gracious declaration for the fettlemeut cf his kingdom of Ireland, and fatisfmotion tf the federal interefs of adventurers, JouL d ers, and other bis fmbjecls then. (hail be fettled upon the (hid bilhop of Oflory, and his fuccdfors; any thing in this a& contained to the contrary notwithffcanding.

CHAP. XL

An Aft to prevent Delays in extending Statutes, Judgments,

and Recognizances.

WHEREAS the fecurity by flatnte merchant, and of the ftaple, is now become of little ufe and benefit, by the fraud of the cognifors thereof in fundry cafes, who to prevent the payment of their debts fecretly affign fmall parts df their kinds to the feveral and unknown persons : and it having been ufed, that if the creditor take execution on fuch flatute, yet if the lands of any one or more perfon or perfons, to whom fuch alienation was made, and liable to fnch execution, be omitted out of fuch extent* the feme execution hath been avoided by audita querela, and the party extending foil his coils, and was delayed of his jail debt, and fo again upon any new extent uties quatia ; and if any one acre or parcel of land happened to defeend to an infant, the whole execution was deferred until Full age of fnch infant ; and if afterwards other part of the 'fends or tenements lyabk to fuch debt defeended to another infant, then alfo a further delay Iiappened during that in-Extent upon &nc< alfo: be it therefore enabled by the King’s moll £dgment, fta- excellent Majeftie, by and with the advice and content of tutca, or recog- the lords fpintual and temporal and the commons in this pre-mn*bcAvoided ^cnt ^>ar^unent idTembled, and by the authority of the or delayed by hntne, That when any judgment, llatutc, or recognizance omitt r \r any (hall be extended, the feme (hall not be avoided or delayed part of the land,	by

Digitized by L.ooQle

The fc'vtntrbitb and ti^ftteetifb Tears of Charles II.

By occafron that any part bf tht fends or tenements ex- A. ft.

t'endtble are or ftiaH be Omitted out of Inch ektent; fovifcg 1*665.

alWates to the pattie and parties whofe fends fhall be extend-

c*d, hife tmd th^rhfe'h;-executors and affigns, hh arid their faving right <Jf

remedy for cbhtri&Htibh agaihft fiich perfoti' or pfcrfons, contr,but,<m-

whofe fends she or lhafl M omHttcf out of fuch detent from

tiine tor time.

IlrlVovided alwidek, that this aft, nor any thing therein provjf0 for cofithin^d, (hall nof be cohilrued to give any extent orhemwithm contribution agaiim *any heir within the age of one *gc-and twetity years,, during !udi minoritie of fuch heir, for or in rdpeft bf arty landfc to fuch heir defended, farther dr tftlierwifc than' might have been before the malting of th& aft.	'	.....

IJI. Provided that this aft extend ofcely to fuch flatutes Elfcnt ^ as are or fhall be for payment of moneys; and to fuch ex-1\^ founte. tend as fhall be Withiir Jtw&ntle years alter the flatute, recognisance, 'Or judgment hid'aft& obtained!

IV.	Provided that tji:$ aft fhall continue for the fpace of m^*vive<j three yetfrt, a fid from th^tlce to the end of the next fellion ^ 7 bf Parliament, and ho longer.

C H A, P. XII.

An Aft tv prevent Avrcjls of J ndgmeht and fuperfeding Executions,

WHEREAS great delay, trouble, and vexation :bath been ifnd ftiH h occaficmed to the people of flm tedlfh, as wefl by “arrefting and feverfing of judgments, its by fttfyfeg execirtions by writs of error and juperfedeas : for remedy thereof, be it enafted by the King’s moil excellent Majefty, by and With the advice and confent of the lords fpiHhtfd and 'temporal and commons in this prefent Parlrsfibeitt hflfenbfed, Wid by the authority of the fame.

That if any vprdift of twelve men fhall b.e given in any Wherejudg-aftion, font, bill, or “demand, to be commenced from and I!^.a%rv€,r •after the twdnty fifth day of March, which fhall be in the year of our Lord ’God one thonfend fix hundred fixty and verfed for de-Bx, in any of firs Majefties courts of record at Dublin, or fault of form, in the courts of record within the county palatine of Tipperary, judgment thereupon fhall not be fiayed or reterfed for default in form, ot lack of form, or by reafon that there are not pledges, or but one pledge to profecute, returned upon the original writ ; or beeaufe the name of the fheriffs is not retunTed upon fiich original writ; or for default of entring pledges upon any bill or declaration 5 or for ^default .of afledgihg tht bringing into court of any bond,

bill.

Digitized by v^ooQle

160	Thefieventeenth and eighteenth Tears of Charles II.

A. D. bill, indenture, or other deed whatfoever mentioned in the 166$. declaration or other pleading ; or for default of allegation % Chap. 12. of the bringing into court of any letters tdfamentanr, or v-—v* ^ letters of adminidration ; or by reafon of the omifi^n of <oi & armis or contra pjtccm ; or for or by reafon of the miftaking of the chriftian name, or fimaine of the plaintiff1 or defendant, demandant or tenant, fum or fums of money, day, month, or year, by the clerk, in any bill, declaration, or pleading, where tKe right name, firname, font, day, month, or year, In any writ, plaint, roll, or record preceding, or in the fafne roll or record where the miftake is committed, is or are once truly and rightly alledged, whereunto the plaintiff might have demurred, and (hewn the fame for caufe 5 nor for want of the averment of hoc paratus eft vcriftcare, or hoc par aim eft verip care per record. or for not alledgmg prout pater ter record. or for that there is no right <ven«% io as the caufc were tired by a jury of the proper county or place where the a&ion is laid ; nor any judgement after the verdift, confeffion bjr cegnevit actionem, or relid a *ver tpcat tone, (hall be reverted for want of inferi tordia or capiatur; of by reafon that a capiat ter is entred for a mifiericcrdia^ or a mfericordia is entered where Where fuch de- a capiat ur ought to have been entered ; nor for that idea fc&s amended, conceffum eft per cur. is entered for ideo confide, at am eft per cur. nor for that the cncreafe of cofts after a verdid in any m&ion, or upon a non-fuit replevin* are not entered to be at the requeft of the party for whom the judgment is given; nor by reafon that the cofts in any judgment whatfoever are not entdred to be by confent of the plaintiff; but that all fuch omiffions, variances, defc&s, and all other matters of like nature, not being againft the right of the matter of the fuit, nor whereby the iffue or tryal are altered, ftiall be amended by the juftices or other judges of the courts, where fuch judgments are or Audi be given, or whereunto the record is or (hall be removed by writ of error.

Where this	Provided	always,	and	be	it further ena&ed by the

aa (hall not	authoritie aforefaid. That this a6t, nor any thing therein

extend.	contained, (hall not extend to any writ, declaration, or fuit

of appeal of felony or murther; nor to any indi&mcnt or prefentment of felony, murther, treafon, or other matter? nor to any proccfs upon any of them ; nor to any writ, bill, a&ion, or information upon any penal ftatute, other than concerning cuftoms and fubfidies of tonnage and poundage ; any. thing in this a& contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

HI. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-ftayedby errer; Tliat from and after the firft day of May, in the

year

Digitized by v^ooQle

Tkt Jimemtetntb eigitMentB Tears if Charles II.	161

year of Lord one thoufand fix hundred fixty and fix, no A. D. execution (hall be flayed in any of the aforefaid courts by 1665. writ of error or fdperj:decs thereupon after verdi61 and judg- Chap. 12. meat thereupon in any a&ion pexfbnal whatfoever, umefs a recognizance with condition, according to the flatute made in the tenth year of the re\gn of our kte Sovereign lord King Charles, (hall be firft acknowledged in the court where fuch judgment fhall be given 5 and further, that in nor 19*00 judg-wrks of error to be brought upon<any judgment, after ver- mcnc m dower, di& in any writ of dower, or in any allion of 7 ftione firme, to‘ no execution ihadl be thereupon or thereby flayed, unlefs the plaintiff or plaintiffs in fuch writ of error (hall be bound unto the plaintiff in fuch writ of dower, or a&ion of ejection* j.rme in Such reasonable fum as the Court, to which fuch writ of error (hall be directed, (hall think fit, with condition that if the j udgtnent (hall be affirmed in the {aid writ of error, or that the faid writ of error be difcantmued in default of the plaintiff or the plaintiffs therein, or that the faid plaintiff or plaintiffs be non-fuit in fuch writs of error, that then the faid plaintiff or plaintiffs fhaU pay fuch cods, damages, fum, and fums of money as (hall be awarded upon or after fuch judgment affirmed, discontinuance or non-fuit had.

IV.	And to the end that the fame fum and fums, and damages may be afeertained, it is further e nailed, that the court, wherein fuch execution ought to be granted upon fuch ■ affirmation, discontinuance, or non-fuit, (hall iffue a

writ to enquire as well of the meane profits, as of the da- WHt to in-mages by any wall committed after the firft judgment in quire of melne dower, or in jeciione prut, and upon the return thereof Pro^» &c* judgment fhall be given, and execution awarded for fuch meane profits and damages, and alfo for cods of fuit.

V. Prodded that this all, nor any thing therein contained.	Where not to Audi not extend to any writ of error to be brought by any cxtcnd* executor or adminiftrator ; nor unto any allion popular,

nor unto any other aHion which is or hereafter fhall be brought upon any penal law or flatute ; nor to any indill-ment, presentment, inquifition, information or appeal; any thing herein before expreffed to the contrary thereof in any wife notwkhftanding.	.	.

VI.	Provided alwayes, that this ad (bill continue in

force far three years, and to the end <*f the next feflion of 7	7.

Parliament after the expiration of the (aid three yean, smd no longer.

Vpjl.II.	L	CHAP.

Digitized by LjOOQle

162

A. D. 1665.

Caufcs of this «A.

Precentor,

trc Jurti oi ‘It IV trick's, uud a-v!i J.n.021 of Dublin, nay -w.thin 5 yeais

i"..’k»*

or yar-ts arid

1	beiom

^ 1 ° ir^: to thrm,

not aoove 6o years ii' chief l.i.vcrnors and lolillei! llli.ih fit and at fUch re tit as allowed by them.

The feventeintb and eighteenth Tears of Charles If. CHAP. XIV.

An AH enabling the Precentor and Treafurer of the Cathedral Church of St, Patrick's Dublin, and the Arch-deacon of Dublin, to make Leafes of Part of their Yards and Cardens for Jtxtj Years.

WHEREAS feveral pieces of ground now in a manner lying wall, commonly known and reputed the yards and gardens belonging unto the houfes of the precentor, otherwife called the chaunter, and the treafurer of the cathedral church of St. Patrick’s, Dublin, and abutting on the flreet, commonly called St. Bride’s-flreet, within the fuburbs of the faid city of Dublin 5 which faid flreet, although already built and paved on the eafl-lide, is become very noyfome and offenfive to his Majeftie’s fubje&s that are frequently paflengcrs through the fame, by reafon the other fide thereof adjoyning to the yards and gardens of the faid prcccater and treafurer is not built or paved, or have convenient pafTage for water and common fhoare, which is now a very g»*ent and apparent annoyance : and whereas there is a like pau*l of ground, known and reputed the yard and garden belonging to the arch-deacon of Dublin, lying ami being on the Puddle, a place unprofitable to the church, and offenfive to the neighbouring inhabitants, and unto paf-fengers that way : for the future prevention thereof, and for the improving the revenues of the faid precentorlhip, trea-fu: erihip, and archdeaconfhip ; and alfo for beautifying that part of the fuburbs of the city of Dublin, and amending the ftreetrs and highways, and encouraging cf fuch as may take leafes of any part of the faid yards and gardens ; be it dialled by the king’s moll excellent Majefly, by and with the advice and conlent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and the commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and ’ by the authority of the fame, That it fhall and may be law-full to and for the prefent precentor (othenvife called the chaunter) the prefent treafurer of the faid cathedral church of St. Patrick, and the prefent arch-deacon of Dublin, or their refpcclive fuccefiors, at any time hereafter, within the fpacc of live years next enfuing the making of thi*9 aH, to fet, dcinife, or make leafes of any part or parcel cf the faid yards and gardens belonging unto each of them, not exceeding threescore yards back from the ftreets, if the lord lieutenant, or other chief governour or governours and council of this kingdom for the time being fhall think fit to any perfon or perfons, and not exceeding the term of thretfeore years from the date of fuch leafe or leafes, at fuch

Digitized by t^ooQle

'J'he /eventtenth and eighteenth Tears of Charles II. yearly rent as fhall be allowed by the lord lieutenant, or other chief govemour or governours and council in this kingdom for the time being ; any thing in any former ftatute now in force in this kingdom to the contrary in any wife notwith-ftanding.

\	CHAP. XV.

An A SI for the true making of all Sorts of Cloth, Called the Old Drapery and New Drapery, and the true fearching and fealing thereof by bis May eft ids Alnager within this Kingdom..

WHEREAS there is a general complaint in England,

France, and other parts beyond the Teas (whether f*Ic of Irifh the woollen cloth and other commodities made of wooll in wooI!cn cloth this his Majeftie’s kingdom of Ireland are tranfported) of Imacrvaiucc^ the falfe, deceitfull, uneven and uncertain making thereof abroad, by tho which cometh to pafs by reafon the clothiers and makers falfe and uncw-thereof, do not obferve any certain aflife for length, breadth and weight, in making their clothes and other commodities observing a ccr-aforefaid in this kingdom, as they do in the realm of Eng- tain aflife for land, and as they ought alfo to do here ; by which means length, &c the merchants, buyers, and ufers of the laid cloth, and other commodities, are much abufed and deceived, and the c. 20. f. as to credit, efkeem, and fale of the faid cloth and commodities is fixing length, thereby much impaired and undervalued, to the great and breadth and general hurt and hindrance of the trade of clothing of this	for

whole realm : for remedy whereof, may it pleafe your Ma- which provifi-jefty that it be ena&ed, and be it enabled by the King’s ons therein, moft excellent Majeity, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritua) and temporal and the commons in this prefent Parliament affembied, and by the authority of the feme, That all faleatle and vendible cloth, clothes, half clothes, and pieces of clothes, kerlies, freezes, cottons, rugs, and all other clothes called the old drapery, to' be made from and after the five and twentieth day of June, in the year of our Lord God one thoufand fix hundred iixty and fix, within this realm of Ireland, and tent, fet, offered, or put to fale, (hipped or imbarqued, and alfo all faleable and vendible bayes, fayes, ferges, fuflians, fluffs, and other commodities whatfoever, made of wooll, part cf wool], cotton, or otherwife called or known by the name of the new drapery, to be made after the faid five and twentieth day of June, in the year of our Losd God one thoufand fix hundred fixty and fix, within this faid realm of Ireland, and fent, fet, offered or put to fale, fhipped or imbarqued, fhall be made of the length, breadth and weight herein jcn^th,breadth L 2	alter-anu weight all

Credit and

Digitized by

164	The frventfentk and tightetnth Tears *f Charles IJ.

A. D. after-mentioned, limited, declared, appointed and fet down* 1665.	and not otherwife, nor of any other length, breadth or

Chap. 15.	weight ; (that is to fay) aU broad clothes mixed ap4 dyc4

in wooll, to be made within this kingdom, to be in length cloths (both betwixt twenty-three and twenty-fire yards out of the mi^, o. and new aiKj no morc> an<j jn breadth or fize, fix quarters and one made in Ireland	of a quarter out of the mill, at the leaft, within the

and lent or of- lifts ; and in weight, being well thicked, fcoured, fulled, fered to fale, drefled and dryed, threefcore and twelve pounds at the lea ft, b*T^0fc!S- &TK^ to be aH made with narrow lifts : and alfo all broad 9	clothes,	woven white, to be of the lame breadth and length*

or fize, and in weight threefcore pounds at the leaft ; and kerfies of all forts, not to exceed eighteen yards in length,, and to be full three quarters and one half quarter of the ya^d out of the mill in breadth, and in weight, bciiig dyed in the wooll, twenty-four pounds; and white kerfies, every yard to weigh a pound; and alfo all cottons and bandit doth, to be in length twenty-four yards of the piece, and in breadth, being fuDy thicked, fcoured and drdfed, one full yard ; alfo all manner of bayes, not to exceed forty-four yards in length, nor to be leu, out of the mil}, than a full yard in breadth ; alfo all broad baize, called hundreds or blue lifts, not to exceed threefcore yards in length, and to be in breadth, or fize, (even quarters at the leaft ; alfo afl fa yes and ferges to be in length twenty-four yards, and not lefs than a full yard in breadth ; alfo aH carpetings, hangings and dornocks, not to exceed twenty-four yards in length ; and carpettings and hangings to be in breadth, either fix quarters, or three yards, and dornocks five quarters broad : and alfo other fluffs or commodities hereafter to be made of * wooll, part of wooll, cotton woojl, or otherwife, commonly called or known by the fcveral names of the old and new drapery within this realm of Ireland, or any of them, not to exceed twenty-four yard* in length, and not to hp than a full yard in breadth, within the lift ; and likewife all manner of caddowes and ruggs, to be a yard in breadth within the lift or felvedge out of the loom*

II.	And for the more orderly managing the trade and myflery of making and working of woollen doth, and aB other lorts of clothes of the feveral natures and kinds afore-faid, and for the better afcertaimng of tfie length, breadth 'and weight of all fuch clothes to be made within the realm of Ireland, from and after the laid five and twentieth day of June, in the year of our Lord God one thoufand fix hundred fixty and -fix 5 and that the buyers thereof may have juft commerce and trade, without deceit pr fraud, may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be enaded, and be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That there fhall be and

hereby

4

Digitized by Google

The Jkventetntb anil eighteenth Tears of Charles IF. hereby there is conftheted and appointed an office, called the alna^e-office, and the chief officer therein is and (hall be tailed bis hfajeitie’s alnager, and ftiaH be conftituted, from time to time, by letters patents under his Majeftie’s great feal, fot years, or for life, as his Majeftie thinks fit : and A Inage office fuefc officer (hail and may, from time to time, execute the !?y Otters Pa* faid office by himfelf, 6r his lawfiill or fufficient deputy or °r ycar* ** 1 deputies, or fubftitute or fubftitutes ; and (hall be, and Qf xlna-hereby is authorized and required, by himfelf, or his fuffi- ger. eferit deputy or deputies, fubftitute or fubftitutes, to mea-fure, view, try, weigh, and fcarch all fuch broad cloath-s, kerfiesr freezes, Huffs, baize, cottons, feys, fearges, fuf-tianS, ruggs, and all other clothes and commodities whatfo-ever, to be made after the faid five. and twentieth day of Juiie* in the year of our Lord Cod one thoufand fix hundred iixty and fix, of wool!, part of wooll, cotton wooQ, or otbetwife, commonly called the old and new drapery, before they be fent, offered, or put to fale, (hipped or itnbarqued witniir this kingdom of Ireland, whether the fame be of the length, breadth and weight before limited and appointed^ and be made, wrought and drefled, without {training or ft retching by any inftruraent, engine, or device whatsoever: and that the (aid alnager, his deputy or deputies, fubftitute • and fubftitutes, and every of them, fhali and may, upon itoerfuring, viewing, trying, fearching, and weighing of the (aid clothes, kerfies, ruggs, ftuffs, and other commodities fo to be made and to be put to fale, fent, fet, offered,

(hipped or imbarqUed, in cafe the fame be found to be good, feWtull, and merchantable ware, feal or mark the fame, by and with a feal or marhfto him or them to.be allowed of by the lord treafuter of this his Majeftie’s realm of Ireland, or chancellor of hk Majeftie’s court of Exchequer here ; and in cafe the fame, or any of them be found not to be raer- f't charitable, good and lawfuJf ware, but defe&ive and deceit- * How much fully wrought and made, then to cut or jagg the fame att0 he taken for both ends thereof, thereby to note the fame defeat, without an<i any feal or other mark to be put to the fame, to the intent reeled by fhat no perfon or perfons be deceived thereby ; and that the n & 21G. 5. alnager, and his deputy and deputies, fubftitute and fubfti- c- a 3	to

tutes, (hall and may have, take, and receive to his Majeftie’s ^ce* uPoa ufe, for the iubfidy and alnage of aU and every the (aidnew *^*7* clothes, kerfies, freezes, ruggs, cottons, bays, fays, ferges, and other (fuffs and commodities aforefaid, as well fealed as jagged, and for all knit-ftockings, fringes, cruels, lace, boulting, fwadling bands or bridling, hereafter to be made as aforefaid, of wooll, cotton wooll or otherwife, and to be put to (ale within the faid kingdom of Ireland, fuch fum and fttms of money as are hereafter mentioned and fet

down;

Digitized by LjOOQle

learching.

'	. The fe*venteer.tb and eighteenth Years of Charles II.

A, D. down ; that is to fay, for every broad cloth four-pence 166 c.	ftcrlin* for the fubfidie thereof, and for the alnagers fee for

Chap/ 15. the fealing of the fame, onehaifpeny	, and for every

^ half cloth two pence fieri? for the fubfidie thereof, and for Alnajrcr's fee the alnagers fee for the fealing thereof, one farthing ,r.r for fcaling and an(j f0 j-ateably for eveiy kind of doth, clothes, kerfies, ruggs, haves, and other draperies and commodities aforefaid, called the old drapery, according to the feveral lengthsof the fame ; and that for th$ meafuring, fearching, viewing, trying and weighing of every broad-cloth, keriie, ruggs, bayes, cotton, and other drapery, containing in length twenty-three yards, op between twenty-three yard* and twenty-five yards, fhall be paid to the alnager for the fearching thereof, for his fee, the fum of two pence tier Imp ; and fo rateably for every piece of like cloth and doth3, kerfies, ruggs, and of all other the like draperies and commodities aforefaid, according to the number of the yards and quantity and quantities that it or they {hall contain ; and whatfoever clothier, maker or worker of any the commodities aforefaid, or any other perfon or perfons, that fhall, at any other time or times, after the faid five and twentieth day of June, in the year of our Lord God one thoufand fix hundred fixty and fix, fend* fet, offer or put to faje, (hip or imbarque Said com mo- any faleable or vendible doth or dotjies, half clothes, fa!cC*&fCbefore Feces dothes, kerfies, freezes, cottons, ruggs, bayes, Pealed and al- fayes, ferges, fuflians, fluffs, or any Qther clothes, knit-lowed,forfeited, {lockings, cruds, fringes, lace, or commodities whatfoever made of wooll, part of wodIJ, cotton vvooll or otherwifev called or known by the feveral names of the old or (new drapery,) to be wrought or made within this kingdom cf Ireland, before they fhall be firfl meafured, viewed, tryed, fearched and weighed by the faid alnager, his deputy or deputies, fubftitute or fubilitutes, and fhall be by him, them, or fome of them, approved or allowed, and fealed and marked in fuch manner as by this ad is appointed, to be good and merchantable, and that he or they have paid the fubfidie, and alnagers and fearchcrs fee for the fame; thafc then every fuch clothier, worker and maker of any fuch clothes, kerfies, ruggs, fluffs, or of any other the commodities aforefaid, or any fuch other perfon or perfons fending, fetting, offering or putting to fale, Hupping or imbarque-ing, fhall forfeit all and every fuch goods fo offered and put to fale, fhipped or imbarqued, to his Majefly, his heirs and fucceffon, to be recovered, as in this ad is di* reded and appointed. :

III.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That if the faid alnager of this kingdom, his deputy or deputies, fubflitute cr fubftitutes, fhaS not duely execute thp

faid

As to new

drapery, repealed.

* Digitized by CjOCK^Ic

*The frventeenth and eighteenth years ef Charles II.	167

Caid office of alnager,. In the due meafuring, weighing, A. D. viewing, fearching, trying, fealing and marking of any the 1665. aforefaid Saleable and vendible cloth, clothes, half clothes, Chap. 1-. kerfies, freezes, cottons, ruggs, bayes, fayes,. ferges, fuf-tians, fluffs, or any other of the clothes or commodities aforefaid whatfoever, made of wool], part of wooll, cotton wooll or otherwife, called and known by the Several names of the old and new drapery ; or if the Said alnager, his prairies on deputy or deputies, fubflitute and fubflitutcs, Shall be negli- alnager resurgent or remifs, or otherwife Snail offend in the due execution hag otiwc. of the faid office, that then the Said alnager, his deputy and deputies, fubftitute and fubllitutes, So offending, Shall for*: feit to his Majeflie, his heirs and fucceffors, for the firil offence, being duely convi&ed thereof, the fum of ten pounds Jieriing\ and after Such fine paid, being convidl of a fecond offence, twenty pounds flirting \ and after fuch fecond fine and purufhment impofed, being convifl of a third offence, thirty pound flerling ; and fo for each offence of that kind, which he or they being found guilty, fhali be fined For Severally and refpeftively, in manner as aforefaid : and the convi&ion of the faid alnager, and recovery of the faid forfeiture, Shall be by indidlement, prefentment or infor- . mation, to be brought for the fame in any of his Majejlie’s courts of law in Dublin, or before his Majeftie’s juftices of ailize, or before the juftices of the peace at their quarter-feffions, feverally and refpedtively, where fuch offence Shall «r may happen to be committed, from time to time, wherein no wager of law, prote&ion or effoine (hall be admitted.

IV.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid,

That all and every clothier, and maker of cloth and lluffes within this realm of Ireland, and every other perfoh and perfons, which Shall make any cloth, clothes, half clothes, or pieces of clothes, kerfies, freezes, cottons, ruggs, bayes, fayes, ferges, fuftians, fluffs, or any other cloth or clothes, » or any other commodity or commodities what Soever made of wooll, part of wooll, cotton wooll or otherwife, commonly called or known by the names of the old or new drapery, Clothiers fhali within this kingdom of Ireland, for fale, that before he, weave their flie, or they, or any of them, fhali fell, fend, offer or pin	tilc

to fale, fhip or imbarque the fame, or any part thereof in any city, cities, burrpugh, town,'village, or . place .whatsoever within this faid kingdom of Ireland, he, fhe, and they fhali as well weave Tils and their mark and marks into the head end of all and every fuch cloth and clothes, half clothes, pieces of clothes, kerfies, freezes, cottons, ruggs, bayes, fayes, ferges, fuftians and ftuffes, and every 01 her of the doth and clothes, commodity and commodities

what-

Digitized by

/

168	The	frvtntttnth	and eighteenth Tears of Charles IT.

A. IX ^rhatfocvcr as aforefaid, (if wool!, part of Wool!, tfottxyqr 1665. wooll or otherwife, commonly cd&a or known by the Chap. 15. fevcral names of the old and new drapery upon pain of fbr-*~*f**++J feiture of all and every fuch clothes ana other commodities, B6 foall not be fo marked af aforefaid.

Alnairer not	Provided always, and it is the rme intent and meaning

to fcardiclorh* °f this prefeut aft, That nether the alflager of this kmgr not tot fclp. dom of Ireland, nor his deputy or deputies, fubfotute or fubftitutes, nor any pf them, mall either fearch, view, try, weigh or feal any of the aforefaid dothes, ftuffe or commodities aforefaid, made by any perfon or perfbns for his, her, or their own ufe or ufes, or for the ufe of his, her, or their family or families, not fent, fet, offered or put to fale, {hipped or imbarejued within this kingdom; neither /hall take, receive or require any thing for the fame, upon pain of forfeiture of fire pounds to his Majeftic, being con-rifted of the /aid offence# in fuch manner as by this aft 9 declared.

Convenient	V J. AJid be it further Rafted by the authority aforefaid,

painted in every ^iat ^or tnc ^tttcr execution of the faid ofljees, there (hall city, Ac. by *L he at times meet and convenient places appointed by the pager for me*- faid ajnagtr9 pr by his deputie or deputies, fiibftitutc or foring, iLf. fubftitutes, in every city, burrough, town corporate, market town, and other convenient place within this kingdom of J reland, for the jfieafuring, feafeh/qg, viewing, weighing, marking and fealing of all fuch cloth, clothes, half dothes, pieces of clothes, ker/ies, freezes, cottons, ruggs, bayes, fayes, ferges, fuftians, fluffs, add every other of the commoditise aforefaid wfcatfoever, made of wooll, part of wooll, potton wool or otherwife, commonly called and known by the fevcral names of the old and new drapery, whereby every perfon andperfons that fhajl have any of the faid cloth, clothes, half clothes, pieces of clothes, or arty other of the Commodities aforefaid fo he fearched, viewed, meafiired, tryed and leaded, may Certainly kntfw where to have the fame jperfefted and donc> and may not be drawn to travej above the fpace of fix miles from their feteral aboades for the perfoftion thereof; and alfo, thi£ the faid ajnager (hall £nd u;.ay from time to tjpte, and at all times, have frdj power and authority to conilitute, fubftitute, make, depute, appoint and place in every of the counties, cities, burroughs, towns corporate, villages, ha^ikts, aqd places within din

Alpager may faid kingdom of Ireland, fuck and fo many deputy and *p:foint deyu- deputies, fubftitute and fi&ftifcutlS as well for flpe meafurmg. ^4*	fo ivchiqg, viewing, wcigliing, marking and fealing of aft

fuch cloth, clothes, half rfojthe*, pieces of dothes, Jerfies, freezes, cottons, ruggs, bayes, fayts, forges, faftboot, fhiffa, and evpry other of the clothes and comnrcd&et afore-

pud

Digitized by LjOoq le

<t%£ feventeenfb and eighteenth Tears •/ Charles II.	169

frrid wBatfbever, made of wool!, part of wooll, cotton W008*, A. IX or othetwKc, commonly called and known by the names of *665.

*he old and new drapery as are herein or hereby impowored Chap. 1 $.

and authorized to be meafttred, fe arched, viewed, weighed, V—■

marked or fealed; and 9U0 for the colle&ing and gathering

of the faid fobfidie and alnage to his M»jdHe,s ufe, as to

the fa-id alnager fcaft be thought meet and convenient, and

Jikewife to do and perform all and whatfoever is or (Hall ht

needfull, neceflary or lawful! to be done therein by the

(kid alnager ; and further, that it fhall and may be lawfnS

to and for the (aid alnager, his deputy and deputies, fubfti-

tute and fubflitutes, and every of them from time to time,

and at all times, to fearch in all (hips, barques, hoyes^ and fearch all

crayes and boats, feirs and markets of Ireland, as often as (Hips l*«ts

occaiion (hall require, and in the day time, with the com	m*r~

#abie or other oflxeer of the parifh, to enter into and fratrch ***** fc

all and Angular the houfes, ware-houfes, (hope or edam of

airy perfon of perfons whatlbever within this kingdom of

Ireland, as well within liberties as without, where any Inch

doth, clothes, or any other of the find commodities are,

pr fliall be fuppofed to be and the fame to make fray of,

until the owner and owners thereof hare anfwered his and

their contempt therein: and that if any perfon or perfons

(hall refill pr deny any fearch or fearches by the (aid alnager,

or his deputie or deputies, fubftitute or fiibllitutev for the

time being, or any of them at any time or times hereafter

to be made as afbrefaid, that then he, (he, or they making

foch refinance or denial, (hall for every fueh fault or offence,

refiftance or denial, being comritS thereof in manner as afore-

faid, incur fuch pain and penalty as thejuftices, before whom

the perfon or perfons fo eonvnft, (bafl think fit to impofe,

not exceeding ten pounds#

VII.	And whereas divers fubtile and naughty means are Repented by 19 ^radlifed in the preffing of clothes, by preftrng of the fame tc 20 G. 3. t. %o. an a hot prefs, and by heating of thick boards or plancks,/* **•

and laying the fame under and above the (aid clothes in a cold prefs, and by divers other cunning Heights and inventions : be it therefore enabled by the authority afbrefcid,

That all and every perfon and perfons prefling of afiy kind or fort of woollen clothes, by or %rith any hot prefs, or with any other the like fubtile and deceitful means as afore-faid, Aall forfeit all and every fuch cloth and clothes as (hall be fo prefled ; any matter or tiling in this prefcnt a& contained to the contrary thereof notwithftandijjg.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- density oa f&id, That no fearcher or waiter of or at any port within this ^ternf°ari* realm of Ireland do or (hall, at any time after the laid twen- port pennittiLi* ty-fifth of June in the year of oqr I^ord God one bid draperies to

thou-

Digitized by kjOOQle

marked and fealed,

Tbt frutnttenth and eighuznlb Ttars x>f Charles XL thoufand fix hundred fixty and fix, knowingly permit or fuffer any of the aforefaid cloth, clothes, half clothes, piece or pieces of clothes, kcrfies, freezes, cottons, ruggs, bayes, fayes, ferges, fuitians, fluffs, knit ftockings, or any other be fhipjttd^not Gf the draperies or commodities aforefaid whatfoever, made of wool!, part of wool], cotton wooll, or otherwife, commonly called or known by the names of the old and new drapery, to have or carry into any fhip, barque, hoy, cray or boat within this kingdom of Ireland, unlefs the fame be marked and fealed by the alnager, or his deputy or deputies, fubftitute or fubflitutcs, or one of them, with the feal or mark thereunto ordained, upon pain of forfeiture of his or their office, and imprifonment by the fpace of fix months, without bail or mainprize, being duely convift thereof in manner as aforefaid.

IX.	And it is further enafted by the authority afone-faid, That all mayors, fheriffs, bailiffs, juflices of peace, bead-boroughs, conflables, and all other his Majeftie’s officers, miniflers and loving fubjefts, (hall be aiding and affifling unto the alnager, and to his deputy and deputies, fubftitute or fubftitutes, and every of them, by all lawful ways and meanes whatfoever, for the due execution of the aforefaid offices, as they will anfwer the contrary at their perils.

X.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,, or taking alna- That if any perfon or perfons do, at any time after the twen-ger’afesT. ty-fifth day of June one thouftmd fix hundred fixty and fix,

counterfeit and fet to, or take away from, any the clothes and other commodities herein called the old and new draper)', the alnagers feal appointed to be fixed to all fuch commodities by this aft, that every perfon and perfons fo offending, and being duely convift thereof, in fuch manner as is herein appointed, fhall forfeit for every fuch offence, as often as he fhall be convift thereof in manner as aforefaid, the fum of ten pounds Jlerlin? for every fuch offence, the fame to be recovered to his Majeftie’s ufc in manner as aforefaid.

A11 officers, &c. fhall aflift the alnager.

Counterfeiting

penalty loh

CHAP.

Digitized by Google

The fevent tenth and eighteenth Tears of Cliailci IJ.	171

A. D.

CHAP. XVIII.	^166^

<An additional Ad for the letter ordering and colleding the Revenue arijing by Hearth-Money.

WHEREAS the revenue fettled on his Majeftie, his heirs and fuccelfors, by a late aft made in this kingdom, entituled, An Ad for ejiablijhing an additional revenue upon his Majeftu, his heirs and fucceffors, for the better fup. ort rf bis and their covon and dignity, by reafon of fome defefts in the faid aft, and by the negligence of condables and other officers thereby intruded, hath been much dimi-nifhed, and not duly anfwered : for remedy thereof, and for the better afcertaming and collefting the faid revenue for .the future, be it enafted by the King's mod excellent Ma-jelly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal and the commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by authority of the fame. That where-fover any returns of any hearths, firing places, or doves, fhall in purfuance of the aforefaid aft, or this prefent aft, be made to aqy juflices of the peace in this kingdom, or fuch other perfon or perfons as fhall be appointed to receive the fame, that the (aid juflices of the peace, or other per- Perfons making Jon or perfons to whom fuch returns fhall be made, or any returns of

one of them, fhall be and are hereby authorized to	he

,	*	-	,	.	r	,	/	.	examined on

examine the perfons making luch returns upon oath, con-

cerning the truth and faithfulnefs of their afting in making

fuch returns.

II. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Occupiers for-That if any owner or occupier of any houfes and edifices, as by the aforefaid aft is required, fhall omit in his accompt, ;n accounts, fo required to be made by the aforefaid aft, any hearth, firing-place or flove, he fhall for every fuch hearth, firing-place or dove, he fhall fo omit, forfeit the fum of four {hillings ; and alfo that in cafe any condable or other perfon Conftables that, in purfuance of the aforefaid aft, fhall be appointed ^laki^dcfault to joyn with, and affid the condable in taking an account of forfcjt^cg# the feveral hearths, firing-places, and doves in each parifh, or any other place, fhall make default in giving fuch notice to the owners and occupiers of every houfe and edifice in every . parifh or other place, as by the faid former or this prefent aft is required, or to deliver fuch accompts in writing, re- * ceive, reform or take by their own view unto the judices of the peace, in their refpeftive quarter feffions, or fuch perfon . or perfons as fhall be appointed to receive the fame, as by the faid former or this prefent aft is required, that every fuch ccndable and affiftant to him, making fuch default,

fhall

Digitized by LjOoq le

Further allow-»nce to tltrk of the peace.

Chief governors and council may appoint officers.

Fowew of officers.

Ibt Jruenteentb and tight eewfb Tests tf Charles II.

(hall forfeit for every fuch offence the fum of forty (hillings ; the faid forfeitures and penalties to be recovered by aftion of debt, bill, plaint or information in any of his Majeftie’s courts of record, the one half to the ufe of his Majeftie, and the other half to him or them that (hall fue for the fame.

Iff. And be it further cna&ed by the authority afone-fsid, That it /hall and may be lawful for the chaneellbr, treafurer, vice-treafurer, and barons of his Majeftie’s cottrt of Exchequer, or any three of them, to give and make fuch further allowance unto the clerks of the peace of the rrfpeftive counties in this kingdom, or other petfon to be appointed for that fervice, for their fabour and pains m and about the writing, engroffing and returning into his Majeftie’s court of Exchequer, the duplicates and return* of the feveral canftables in parchment, over and befrde* whit is allowed by the aforoaid ad, as they /haft think meet and convenient ; the (aid further allowance not exceeding three pence in the pound; any thing in the laid former or this ad to die contrary notWithftahd-

ing.

it. And be it forther enafted by the authority aforefaid. That it* /hall and* may be lawftit for die ford* iletitcnant, lord deputy, or other chief govemour or governours of this kingdom for the time being and council, to conftitute and appoint fuch peribn and perfons as they /hall think meet to be the'officer or Officers for the receiving and coflefting and an-fwering the duty ariling by the (aid hearths, firing^places and ftoves,. by virtue of the aforefaid aft and this prefent aft, and for viewing and numbering the feveral hearths, firing-places and ftoves in the fairf aft and’ this prefent aft mentioned, and for the infoeftirtg arid extmtning the fcvc-ral rolls, certificates, ana returns thereof made or to be msufe, from time to time, into his Majeftie's court of Exchequer, in pUrfuance of the faid aft, or any other thing belonging to the fame'; which officer or officers, or any of , them, fhall have full power to examine and fupePvife the rolls and number of hearths, firing-places and ftoves already returned* or that (hall be returned into the faid court of Excheq\u?r, and from time to time to take copies or ab* ftrafts of the rolls fo returned, without paying any fee for the fame, and being accompanied with the conlbible, or publick or proper officer of tne place, who are hereby re* quired to attend and affift upon this occafion, and in all pa-riffles and place* where there are no con (tables, or other publique officers as aforefaid, or where fuch conftables or publique officers (hall refufe fo to attend and affift there without any filch affiftance, to'enter in the day time into any dwelling or other houfe or edifice, and tofearch and examine

whether

T*be Jeventeeutb and dgbtuntb Tears cf Charles IL	17	j

whether {here be any more hearths, firing placet or ft ewes	A. D.

in the fame, than were formerLy returned or certified ; and 166$. if they fhall find any variance in the number returned, both Chap. 18. the officer or officers appointed by the lord lieutenant, lord deputy, or other chief governour qt governours and council of this kingdom, ana the canftable or other officer at aforesaid, if any fuch fhall attend and affili, {half upon aft occafions certifie the fame under his and their hands to the clerk of the peace, or fiich other perfbn or perfons as in his ftead (hall be appointed to receive tfie lame ; which certificate he or they are hereby enjoyned to make ; and like- Duplicate re. wide gt the fame time return a duplicate thereof unto his *h!tquef m° ^ Majetlies remembrancer in the Exchequer 5 and the officer or officers fo appointed by the lord lieutenant, lord deputy, coi^a fidd^r«-or other chief governour or governours and council of this vcnUe. kingdom, (hall, horn and after fiich his and their appointment, have power to colle& and leavy the revenue and duties £0 given to his Majeftie as aforefaid, and all arrears that (hall hereafter grow due for the fame ; any thing in the aforeffiid ad contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefiud, When officers That from and after fiich appointment of any fach officer or1 cv*: officers in any county of this kingdom to colled, leavy and receive the (aid duty, and notice thereof being given to the Sheriffs of the find county for the time being, the faid duties (hall from time to time be paid to fuch officer as (haH by virtue of this ad be So appointed to receive the fame, upon demand thereof, by fiich officer or his deputy, at the houfe, chamber, or place where the faid duty (hall arife or grow due ; and that in cafe of refufal, or default of fuch payments thereof, after fuch demand, the faid officer or his deputy may at any time, wjth the affiftance of a conllable or other officer as afbrefajd, in the day-time, leafy the faid duty, and all the arrearages thereof, by diftrefs and fale of the goods of the party or parties fo rending or making default ; reftoring to the party or parties the overplus of the value of fuch goods over and above the duty and arrearages thereof then behind, and over and above the neceffary charges of taking fiich diftrels; which charges (ball in no charges of cafe exceed the fourth part of the duty and arrearages diftref* not to thereof fo leavied; and in cafe the faid con liable or other exceed 4th of officer (hall refufe or negle£t to give his affillance in man-1*16 arrcar»-ner as before named, that then fuch coqftabLe or other officer, for every fuch refufal or negle&, (haft forfeit the fum of forty (hillings, to be recovered by a&ioo of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majeftie’s courts of re- pm^ty 40*. coids; the one moyetie to the ufe of hjs Majefty, his heirs upon cnnftabJe,

and*c.

Digitized by LjOOQle

rear* not oh record in .Exchequer.

174.	7he fevsnteatfb and eight::nth Years of Charles IF*

A. D. and fucceffors, and the other moyetie thereof to him or 1665. them that (hall fue for the fame.

Chap. 18. VI. Provided ahvayes, and be it ena&ed, That noowo-ers, proprietors, or occupiers of the faid hearths, firing-Occupier* of places or doves, (hall be charged, didrained, or moleftcd for the faid duty or any arrearages at any time after the yearflfter duty ^ two years next after the duty hereafter (had become due,	due to his Majedy, his heirs or fucceffor3 5 nor for any ar-

nor for ar- rearages for the faid duty already incurred, before the four and twentieth day of June one thoufand fix hundred fixty and five ; nor for any arrears whatsoever of the (aid duty which (hall not appear upon record in his Majedies court of Exchequer ; and from and after the appointment of fuch officer or officers in any county in this kingdom, and notice thereof given to the fheriff of the faid county for the time being, all officers formerly appointed to collect the faid duty lhall be difeharged from the future colleding and leavying the fame, or demanding any fees or allowances by reafon thereof, otherwife than as they are d reded by this ad; Duty paid into and the faid officer or officers, that (hall be fo appointed as Exchequer. aforefaid to colled this duty, (hall pay the fame into his Majedie’s Exchequer, to the ends in the faid former ads mentioned, by the end of hillary term yearly, or within thirty days after.

Colledors to VII. Provided, That no perfon* or perfons (hall be im-givefccurityand ployed as aforefaid, unlefs he and they (hall fird give in fuf-take oath.	ficient fecuritie to his Majedv, his heirs and fucceffors, be-

fore one or more of the barons of the Exchequer, for the due colleding, leavying, and paying in the faid revenue, or fuch part thereof as (hall be committed to their refpedive truds and (hall likewife take a corporal oath before one or more of the baron9 of the Exchequer, or before fuch perfons as lhall be authorized to take fuch fecurity and oath, by commiffion from the faid court- of Exchequer, for the due and faithful execution thereof, according to the laws Not to exad enaded to that purpofe ; and that they (hall not exad or fee*.	demand any fee or fum of money for the execution thereof

from any perfon, but onely from the King’s Majedy, under pain of being difabled to execute the faid office or im-ployment, and upon legal <x>nvidion for any fuch crime, to render treble damages to the party grieved ; and (hall fign and deliver acquittances for moneys by them received, without any fee or reward whatsoever; and every fuch acquittance (hall be a final difeharge, as in the aforefaid ad Perfons frau* » provided; and if any perfon (hall fraudulently dop up, dulently con- deface, cover, or conceal any hearth, firing-place, or dove, chargeable by the faid ad or this prefent ad, and the fame to pay u .	^	cither	by	confcffion	of	the	party,	or	upon	oath

before

Digitized by v^ooQie

The/eventtenth and eighteenth Tears of Chirles II. before one or more juft ices of the peace or chief magi finite, or Iuch perfon or perfons as fhall be authorized therefore or by their view, he fhall for fuch offence pay double the value of the duty for the fame, to be leavyed as aforefaid; and if any queftion or difference fhall arife about the taking Difference* of any diftrefs, or levying any moneys, by virtue of this determined by or the former ad, the fame fhall be heard and finally deter- “wgifhates. mined by one or more juftice or juft ices of the peace neer adjoyning, or chief magiftratev of the place refpedively, upon complaint in that behalf; and the juftices of the peace and chief magiilrates, and other his Majefties officers, within their feveial limits and jurifdidions, are hereby authorized and required to give affiftance from time to time to fuch officers as fhall be fo appointed as aforefaid, for the cohering of the faid duty, according to the true meaning of the faid former and this prefent ad.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That all and every Allowance* to fuch officer or officers, as fhall be at any time appointed in clcrLs ol peace, manner above mentioned for the colleding, gathering and

receiving of the feveral fums of money, now or hereafter to grow due to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, for or in refped of the faid duty arifing upon hearths, firing-places and ftoves, fhall fatisfie and pay unto the refpedive clerics of the peace of this kingdom, or to fuch other perfon or perfons as in their (lead fhall be appointed for that fer-vice, all fuch allowances as are by the faid former aft given and allowed unto them, and fhall in purfuance of this ad be given or allowed unto them.

IX.	Provided alwayes, That until fuch time as the lord Til! officers

lieutenant, lord deputy, or other chief governour or g0-aPP01,'tc<^ ^or‘

.	m	r	i*	j • j c i •	,	nifrmaycon-

vemours and council or this kingdom tor the time being, tinuc

fnall conftitute and appoint fuch officer and officers to ad in and concerning the premiffes as is herein above mentioned ; that all and every officer and minifter, and other perfon by the faid former ad required or appointed to do or perform any matter or thing relating unto „the levying, raifing, colleding or paying in of the faid duty arifing upon hearths, firing-places or ftoves, fhall continue to ad according to the feverall powers by the faid former ad and this prelent ad fet down and appointed \ any matter or thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftand-ing,

X.	And be it further enaded. That it fhall and may Chief gover-be lawful for the lord lieutenant, lord deputie, or other nx>r$ and council chief govemour or govemours and council of this king- t^c^omX’ dom for the time being, from time to time, to appoint fuch

perfons as they fhall think fit, to do, execute, and perform all and every the matters and things, which by the faid for*

mer

Digitized by t^-ooQLe

mg hmijes «■ empced, flail extend to widows only.

The JewmtUMtb md eighteenth Years ef CMes H. mar ad or this pvefent ad rut to he doo^ mecided or performed hr any iuftices of the peace, or clerks of the peace, of this kingdom ; and from and after fuch appointment all other peifons, not thereby appointed* fad he and are hereby di(charged from doing, executing, and ©erforu*-ing any matter or thing rebury note the premises; any thing in the faid former ad, or to this prefect ad, to the contrary notwit hftand ing.

Clanfe in for- XI. And whereas these is one chafe is the faid former mera&concern- ^ cont^n^d in thefo words* u Provided always, .and be it "*	44 further ena&ed, That in ode any two juftices of the

“ peace, (hall in witting under their hands, yearly certifte M their belief, that the hoofe wherein any perfon doth inhabit 44 within inch county wherein they are juftices of die “ peace, is not of greater value than eight (hillings per am-u rtnm, upon the foil improved rent, and that neither the 44 perfon fo inhabiting nor any other ufing the fame mef-44 ftnge, hath, ofeth, or occupieth any lands or tenements 44 of their own or others, of the yearly value of eight 44 (hillings per amman* nor hath any lands* tenements, 44 goods or chatties, of the value of four pounds in their 44 own pofleffion, or in die poflefion of any other in trail 44 for them, then in fuch ode, upon fuch certificates made 44 to the juftices of the peace of fuch county, at any of 44 their quarter-ftflian* to be held for the fame county, and 44 allowed by them, for which certificate and allowance no 44 foe (hall be paid, the perfon on whofr behalf fuch cejtt-44 ficate is made (hall not be returned by the conftable, or 44 other perfons to be affiftant to them as aforefoid ; and 44 the (aid houfe is hereby for that year di(charged of and 44 from all duties by this aft impofod ; any thing herein 44 contained to the contrary notwithdanding be it further enaded by the authority aforefoid, That the foid daufe (hall be oouftiwed to extend ondy to fuch widows as fhatt produce fuch certificates as are therein mentioned; and as to all other perfons whatsoever, the faid claufe is hereby ah* folutely repealed.

Honfo within XII- And he it further enaded. That no houfes or edi-precin*L of ca- fices within the fcke or pveciod of any cathedral, or col-thedral, Ac. legiate church, within this kingdom fkdl by the aforefaid noc diCduigcd. ^ be discharged of the duties thereby, or by this pre-fent ad, payable to his Majeftie ; any thing in the foid former ad .contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIII.	And whereas by the faid former ad private ovens and kHnes are not to he charged with any duty to his Majeftie as other hearths, firing-places and ftovea, and that fome doubt hath been nwdt^ and may hereafter arifo, what (hall be conftxnsd and taken for private ovens and ktlncs, and

what

mnAkdmfoaJL he charged.

Digitized by uooQle

71* frvbtfetnfb and eighteenth Tears tif Charles II. ♦hat toll be taken and accoVltfed tot ptibllck 6vena CnS kilned: be it father enafted, exjllaifted, and declared by the iuAbrity ifbrefilid, Thht all overts ta bakers hoiiTCs, and m tavftni, jdn* and victualling houifes, and ilfb all kfihj wherein ttiatih dr Other graihis of (hall be dryed t6 be fold; fthll bfe d&ihed; confirued, and taken t6 be pUMick ovehi atid kilne*; and (hall be charged accordingly$ arid that au other overt* and Jtllnts (hall be accounted and taked bl j$r£ 9ate oVena and kilned and (hall not be cKsdged with any Saif to hi* MajCflie for die fame; any thing in die ftla fcftnft* of At ptefent aft, to ttte eodtfefry nbtwhfi-

XIV.	Add be’ it further eiiafted bf the ulAoritV When<h*y afortfeid, Thit the faid duty by the sforefidd, and AM S^W'ZL'* prefent aft Made payable to ms Majeflie, {^511 be priJdBtf teidy oh the tenth day Of January id every yeitr, At dpi lrttire payment j arid dl9t all retunft, to be Mad! by atdf owners or obot^lefa of any hosfef of edifices of any hearth^ firing-plated, anft ftoves & this kihgtk^n, (hall Be made;

Ad dehrOred in to the Octoftable, dt other officer, iA eVefy pafifh feme tiftie btfere the tenth day of November yearly ; and td that AA the feteWl corifbfcfea, and affifenta t<$ t&ftn,' are rehulrtd tO jrfvi notice to thi fevcral owners aftd Ocbiftfieri Of houfef, and edifice* tfrf6ugh6ut tlfis kingdom ytiatf br the third day of NOVefilber, tb deliver in fUc^j &cbttmi of tfieir hearths, firing-places and fibres, as by Ae find fbriher aft of this preferif dft is dlreftedf any thing id the aforefaid aft contained tO the contrary ndt-

«.vi« «... *	J

w i iQiuiuuinVf

XV.	And whereas fife* are often madb in divers and fe-	by

verid p&cb* in fufti dwelKrig-horifes as hive no fixed hearth1	*	x*

wiA chifetdel over them. Which may occafion uncertainties

m the feturtri to be made of all hearths and firing-places, whereih any oMiffion is penal by this aft: fof prevention* whereof it hi hereby declared and enafted, That flam and after Ae twenty fourth day of March, which (hall be in Ae year one Aoufimd fix hundred fixty and feven, all fuch houles (ball be deemed and taten to have two hearths, and be chargeable with payment of the duty accordingly, until feth tithe as Afte (Kali be onb of More fixed hearth ot hearths wiA a chiniriey of chftnriieS placed over Ae fame in all and every dwelling hotffe or houles aforefaidj any Aihg in Ae aforefiuc) aft or Ais prefent aft contained to ApjjCDn-tftffy notwithftahdmg.

XVI.	Aiid whereas the great1 futferings of Sir ftenry Execute Tichbufh, knight, by5 Ae late rebellion ut this Jungdorn,

which begati on Ae three and twentieth day of October 6ti<f Abtuand fif hundred fqtty and oUe, antf Ac* many ardf Vol. II.	M	great

Digitized by Google

^ he jr*vmti$nth and eighteenth Years of Charles If. great fervices which he performed to his Majefties royal father of bldfed memory, in the conduit of thofe forces committed to his charge againft the rebels, at the breaking out cf the faid rebellion, and often afterwards during the continuance thereof, cannot be forgotten ; which (ervices as they were performed with the often hazard of his life, fo it is agreeable to honour and juft ice that an extraordinary mark of favour be placed upon him, both to deliver over to pofterity, the gracious fenfe which his Majeftic hath of his fufferings and fcrvices, and the grateful memory which th‘s kingdom retains thereof: and whereas by the a & for taking away the court of wards and lively in this kingdom the faid Sir Henry was thereby deprived of the benefit of the wardftiip of Nicholas Plunket of Dunfaghly c*fq; which was given him by his late Majefty towards a compenfation fcr his Ioffes by and ferviccs againft the (aid rebels, for which wardfhip he payed a confiderable fine to h’s Majeftv, and underwent other expcnces concerning the fame: be it therefore cna&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the faid Sir Henry Tichburn, his executors and adminiftrators, {hall have and receive in fatisfa&ion of his fervices and Ioffes afore faid, out of fuch money's as are or (hall be payable or levied out of the hearths, firing-places, or {loves in this kingdom, the fum of two thoufand poundsfierlingy to be paid within the {pace of one year next enfuing; and hit Majefties vice tneafurer or receiver general <>f. this kingdom no* being, or that hereafter for the time fhall be, is and a*e hereby authorized and required, oujt .of the (kid mo-, neys, to fatisfie and pay to the faid Sir Henry Tich-bum, his executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, the faid two thoufand pounds accordingly; and for fo doing thit all (hall he to his Majefties faid vice-treafurcr and receiver ' general of this kingdonp now bring, and that hereafter for the time (hall be, and to the commiffioncrs of his or their accompts, fufficient warrant and difeharge in that behalf.

7 G 2. 3.

i? . > Uft ex-

pouted.

CHAP. XIX.

At /f<7 fir the het'er ordering the felling of Wines end Aqu -yiiae, teg ther w/th all Sorts of prong Waters by Retails.

FOR the better ordering and felling of wines, aqnn* vit*9 and all forts of ftropg waters by retail in taverns and other plans, and for preventing of abufes therein : he it eiKilled by the King’s meft excellent Majtftie, by ind v,iih the content of the lords fpiriiual and temporal and

the

N

Digitized by

Google

The Je*ventttnt% and eighteenth Tears c/* Charles II.	179

the commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by A. D. the authority of the lame. That no perfon or perfons what- ‘	1665.

foever, from and after the twenty-ninth day of September, Chap. 19. in the year of , our Lord one thoufand fix hundred fixty ' —— and fix, unlcfs he or they be licenfed and enabled in man- ^cna-ty on ner and form as in this prefent aft is preferibed and ap- fpir^f^VthouT pointed, fhall fell or utter by retail (that is to fay, by licenfe. the pint, quart, pottle, or gallon, or by any other greater or lefler retail meafure) any kind of wine or wines, ajua-vit^y ufquebagh, brandy, balkan, or other dialled ftrong paters whatfoever, to be drank or fpent within his or their maniion houfe or houfes, or other place in his or their tenure or occupation, or without fuch manfion houfe Or houfes, of fuch other place in his or their tenure or occupation, by any colour* craft, or means whatfoever, upon pain to. forfeit for every fuch offence the fum of five pound* | the one moyetie of every fuch penalty to be to our foveraigA lord the King, his heirs and fucceffors ; the other moyetie to him or them that will fuc for the fame by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of the King's courts of record, in which a&ion or fuite * no eflbigne, wager of law, or protection fhall be allowed*

, II. And be it further enaCled by the authority afore- ^ Altered by laid. That commiflions fhall from time to time be awarded, *1 G ^ ^ under his Majeftie’s great feal, into every county in this ' kingdom, to a convenient number of commiflioners, to be nominated by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governour or governqurs of this kingdom, and council for the time being ; the faid commiflioners to be chofen out of the juftices of the peace, with fuch others to be added to them as the lord lieutenant, or other chief governour or governours, and council of this kingdom for the time being, fhall think fit; which commiflioners fhall confider of the ability and fufEciency of the perfon and perfons that fhall be licenfed to fcll or utter by retail, as aforefaid, any kind of wine or wines, ajua-vitje$ ufquebagh, or ftrong waters, brandy, balkaa, or any other diftillctl ltron^ waters whatfoever: and the faid commiflioners, or any two or more of them, fhall * aflcmble at fuch times, and at fuch known place or places within the limits of their commiflicnsi as they fhall think fit, and then and there fhall make choice of fuch perfons, whom afwell for their good behaviour, as for their abilities and conveniences of houfes, furniture, and places of dwelling, they fhall know or be credibly informed to be the fit-. teft to fell wines, aqua~vit*% and ftrong waters as aforefaid, taking alwayet fpecial care that fuch as they fnall Koence be peifon* of good behaviour and report; and that the faid M 2	commiflioners,	■.

Digitized by L^ooQle

The /event tenth and eighteenth Yearj *f phaifes II. corrmiflioners, or any two or irrort of them, fbstll fudi perfons to fell and utter by retail a!! or ary kind dfc wane or wines, ftrong waters, or ary other the Iiqmors 63&-tilled, or ftrong waters whatfbever afbrefeid, to be drank and fpent afwelf within the houfe orhuufes, ©T other plitfc in the ter.ure or occupation of the parties fo Ifcerifod » aforeiaid, as 'without, in any city, toWn, or b&cr p3aEcfir within the kingdom of Ireland^ for airy tertn not exceeding three years from the twenty ninth of September fitatt preceding the making cf fuch licenfe, tend no longer: arid that the faid commiffioiicfs by their Odd commilfiotis fltitHh* efpecially authbrifed to make the faid licences; arid tfiaf every fuch retailer of u inc or wines whatfbever & aftridfoid /hall pay to his Mzjeftie’s life ftich farti hS /hall be agreed Cd be paid fot fuch licence, fo as none do pay left thin thfe fuifa of forty /hillings yearly \ and that none be compefled in the city and county of the city of Dublin to pay fnbfe thaifc forty pounds yearly, and in all Other cities, towns cOrpo* rate, and other places, afweR within as without francfeffeS and liberties in this kingdom, more than twenty pound* yearly: and that ever}” fitch rfeiallfcr of aaao^vlte, cr/que^ bagh, or ftroftg waters whatfbever, hraftdy, DalkaiJ, of ally Other diftillcd ftrong waters whatsoever as aforefaid, fflcdl pay to his Majeftie*s ufc fuch fum as /Hall be agreed to be paid for fuch licenfe, fo as none db pay lefs than the futtt of ten fhillings yearly; and nohe fhkll be compelled to pay more in the city and county of the city flf Dublin than tea pounds yearly ; and in all other cities, towns corporate, and other places, as well within as without francWFes and 13>er-tics in this kingdom, than the fam of five poutids yearfy, by two feveral equal payments; the fitft thereof to be made, before the peffon fo to he llcenfed' take out his licenfe, and the fecor.d payifcerit to be made at the end of fit irfofldta after the date of'Tuch licenfe, to the hands of cblle&ort tb be appointed in every county for that purpofe, by the faid commifiioners for fuch county, Of any three or itfOtfe <Vf them j of v nich collectors the commSlfiontts to be appoint-ed for granting the faid licences, or any two ot th&t? df them, are to take recognisance^ with good fecurity, widi co ndition for payment duly into flit receipt of hft .M%f-lie’s exchequer all fuch fum and fbttfs of money, which in rcfpedl of tnc faid Iicenfts fhall be received by him ; which recognizance* the faid ccmm' mbiiers or any two or more of them, are fey this authorised tb* take accordingly; ar.a if the fame fuz\\ became fbrfeitefl, to return the fturie i: fto his MajellVt, laid court of exchequer, and sihb to tiSe bonds of the parties	i,	For	the	rtfpective fecond pay-

meats ; and that tlie collegers afctd&id th&21> attend evety

$ *	commifTtun

Digitized by LjOOQle

Tbt fcvaitrfntb and eighteenth Tears •/ Charles II.	i	&i

and fcffion of the faid commiflioneFs, afwell t.Q A. D. riaakc liceufes and recognizances, and to enter tbe names of 1665. qJJ (deft aaffiafl be licqnfed. into a fair book, as' alfo to re- Chap. 19. ceive fucb moneys 25 /hall accrew out of the faid licen fts Unto hi? Majefty, and the feyeral fums thereof likewife to enter into the faid hook; which boofe at the end of every ijttiag, (hall he figned by the bauds of two of the faid com* oidfionejrs at kaft, and (ball b$ returned# together with fuch taoncys a? (hall be received into the exchequer, by the (aid colk^ors (that is to fay) the .firftpayment of the faid moneys by the end of Michaelmas term, or thirty days after# and the fecond payment by the end of Eaffer t«jrm, or thirty days aUer yearly; and the faid bonds to remain in the hands 9f the faid refpeftive collectors, and not to be returned in* to tfte exchequer; but in cafa of failure of payment upot\ the days limited# and if the faid qommiilioners, or any of tb^ra, or tbe faid colfe&ors, or any of them, (hall conceal the name or names of any perfon or perfons fo Ucenfed, or any fum or fums of money received for the fame, or any of the faid recognizances of bonds, the parties fo offending (halt# fer every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds JUrlinvi

III.	And it is further enabled by the authority afore- ^ecs to e^m faidL That the faid, poUedfors refoe&ively may alfo receive

after the rote of two (hiUings for every year, which (hall fee comprifed in fuch licenfe for felL’ng of wines, and after the rate of twelve pence for every year, which faall be comprifed m fuch licenk fer felling ftrong waters as afore-faid# and no more, oyer and above the feveral fums that fly\U be agreed to be paid fer the licenfes, by the refpedliv^ perfons to whom the faid. licenfes (hall be (o granted# to be distributed by the (^mmiiftoners to their clerks and collects aforefaid^ in fuch, manner and proportion as they (hall think heft for carrying on ox the fervice aforefaid ; and that the frid collectors (hall neither dire&ly nor indirectly exa&	^

or receive of apy perfbn to be licenfed as aforefaid any fum comm iflion era o£ money* fee or reward for the faid recognizance, licenfe, for taking ©r acquittance, other than as aforefaid, upon pain of for- more, udyng the foip pf ten poundsJl^rling^ and (hall alfo be put from their office; and that none of the faid commifii-pners (haft dfte&ly or indirectly take any furu of money, fee, or reward of any of the faid retailers for or concerning the obtaining of licence as aforefaid^ upon pain, of forfeiting the fern of forty poun&yftr/^.	Pi..	r	.

IV.	And be it further enacted hy the authority aforefaid#, rctaiJing ^ith. That nq perfon# after the faid twenty ninth day of Septem- out licenfe sh her in the year of our Lord one tlipufapd fix hundred fixty-

fix* fall ^Ctne, aqua-vita^ or other ftrong wa-

" ters

Digitized by v^ooQle

I $2	The /event tenth and eighteenth Tears of Charles II.

A. D. ters as aforefaid by retaile, without licence, to be routed 1665. In manner as aforefaid; upon pain that every penon of* Chap. ! 9. fending herein (hall, for every fucb offence, forfeit the font of five pounds, to be recovered and didributed in manner and form as aforefaid*

Penalty for, V. And it is hereby further ena&ed by the authority nunglmg or a- aforefaid, TTiat ho merchant, vintner, cooper, or other and>Selling<the P<rr^on feeing pr retailing any wine, (hall mingle or utter fame in groft any Spaniih wiue mingled with any French wine, or Rheniflt 201.	wine, fyder, perrey, honey fugar, fynips of fugar, molofles,

for felling by or any other fyrups whatfoever 5 nor put in any xfin^alhi n 10^ brimftone, lime, ravfons, juyee of rations, water, ijpr any other liquor nor ingredients, nor any clary or other herh, nor any fort of fle(h whatfoever, nor any milk; and that no merchant, vintner, wine-cooper, or other perfon felling ot retailing any wine, (hall mingle' or utter qriy French wmei mingled with any Rhenifh wines. Or Spani(h wines, fyder, perry, (lum’J wine, vitriol, honey, fugar, fyrup of fugar, molofles, or any fjrmp whatfoever, nor put in any ifing-jafs, brimftone, lime, raifons, juyee of raifons, water, ot any other liquor or ingredients, nor any clary or other herb, cr any fort of flejh whatfoever, or milk; and that no merchant, vintner, wine-cooper, or other perfon whatfoever, felling or retailing any wine, (hall mingle or utter pny Rhenifh wines mingled with any French wines or Spa* ni(h uine3, fyder, perry, itum’d wines, vitriol, honey, fugar, fynip of fugar, moloffes, of any other fyrups what-foever, nor put in any ifinglafs, brimftone, luce, raifons, juice of raifons, water, nor any other kind of liquor or mgr* clients, nor any clary or other herb, nor any fort of flefh whatfoever, or milk ; and that all and every perfon and perfons committing any of the offences aforefaid, (hall br fcur the pains and penalties hereafter mentioned (that is to fay) every merchant, wine-cooper, or other penont felling any forts of wines in grofs, mingled or abufed as aforefaid, (hall forfeit and lofe for every fuch offence the fum of twenty pounds fter ling y and that every vintner or other perfoo^ felling any fort of wine by retaile, mingled or abufed as afortlaid, (hall forfeit and lofe for every fuch offence the fum of ten pcunfafterling; of all which forfeitures afore-faid, one moyety (hall go unto the King’s Majtfh'e, his heirs and fucceffors, the other moyety to the informer: and all and every the forfeitures in this a& before raenti-t	oned and contained, to be recovered in any court of re-

cord by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no effoigne, protc&ion,' or wager of law (hall be allowed.

where offend* VI. And be it further enabled by the authority afore*

er* \b*W be hud, That in cafe any perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall jaokwuud.	r	r	ogbi

Digitized by v^-ooQle

We /eventtenth and eighteenth Years ef Charles IT,

•fiend contrary to the intention of this aft, or (hall incur any forfeiture or penalty therein mentioned, that fuch per-fon or perfons fo offending (hall be proceeded againfi and puuilhed, either in his Majeftie’s coujt of exchequer, or before the juftices of affize at the general affixes, or the juftices of the peace at their quarter-ieflions, who by this aft are authorized to inquire of all and every the offences againft this aft, and to bear and determine the lame.

CHAP. XX,

An /hr the Trial by Nifi Prius, of IJ/ues laid in tie City cf Dublin and County of Dublin %

WHEREAS heretofore iflues joyned in any of his Trials at bar Majefties Four Courts at Dublin, tryable in the inconvenient, city of Dublin or county of Dublin, have been ufaally trycd at the bars in the faid courts in Dublin : and whereas by the number of aftioiv* brought in the faid city and .county, for (peedinefs of tiyal tor fmall caufee, the judges of the fame courts may be letted and liindrcd in their pro-ccedings in matters of great weight depending before tacm by demurrer or other wife, not ontly to the great delay of jullice, and occafion of great expences and charges of a Humber of the King’s Majeftie’s moil loving fubiefts, but alfo to the trouble and charge of the citizens and free-hol-ders of tlie laid city and county, who are compelled to give daily attendance at the feveral bars of the lame fcveral courts, for the tryal of the faid ilTues: for reformation thereof, be it enafted by the King’s moll excellent Majeftie, with the afieiit of the lords fpiritual and temporal and the commons in thi3 prefent parliament nfiembltd, and by the authority of the fame, Tliat from henceforth the chief Whtn tfliias iuftice ot the King’s bench for the time being, upon iflues J°incd >n die joyned or to be joyned in the court of the King’s bench, or ^°tri[,d%* m the court of chancery, the chief jullice of the common picas for the time being, upon iflues joyned or to be joyned in the court of common pleas, and the chief baron cf the exchequer for the time being, upon ifFues joyned or to be joyned in the court of exchequer, or in the ahfcncc or default of any of them, one or more of the other judges or barons of the fame feYoral courts where it (hall happen either of the fame chief juftices, or the chief baron for the time being, tobeabfent, (hall or may at their diferetiom, within the place where the laid courts, arc cr (hall be commonly kept in the laid city or county of Dublin, as juftices of ntft prius for the laid city and county of Dublin, within the

term

Digitized by t^ooQle

1(4	The fcvmttfntfr 4jl$ eighteenth Tears of Charles H.

A- 9- term tinw* y within four <fayc* ifextafter evqjq* jny 1665. foer^y fcgf ail maiuier qt iffues, joyue<J or to be joyne£ m Chap* to. qny of ^he faid fcyeraj courts, which by the 9i$nary ^ourif \**~r**+J of djfe Jaw$ of the realm ought to be t;ryed b any qf thi {aid' courts, by an in^ueft of the fa id ci ty or county of j)ijhJin; qqd that comihfiSoas writs pT n 'tji }rry Ijbajl beawnreiedb fuch cafes, and in fuch fcrm, as they are cv hare been uf«l in any other {hire of thi§ realm.; and th^ it (hall be lawfcll For any perfon or perform from henceforth. Notice of tri- upon reafonable warning given to the adverfe party, or his *c “* or their attourncy, as bath been ufed in fuch like cafes, to tftfcer countief.	and fue forth writs and records of rtiji prius, for the

tryaj of die fei<J. Miles, in the faid city and county of Dujv. Iin, as they spay do upon spiy ifliie joyned tryable in any other county, and thereupon take jury in fuch manner and fotThe, and with awarding of tales de drcumjfarsiibus, a^d awarding tl^c non-fuit, as is pfed for the tryjfl of ll^tcs joyned, or non-fuits to be awarded b tKc faid courts, ox any of them, tryable within any oth^r county wtthui the Sheriff to	reabu of Ireland; and that the tberiffr 0/ bid	cijy of

nuke returns	Dublin, and the fhcriff of the faid county of PubSn	for the

time Icing T*fce$ively, 0wll make return pf all Writs if nt£ffiusi which frail be delivered to them, 09 their or m of their fufident deputy for the time being, before the (m judges, baron or barons, and eveiy of them, and iha^l gire their attendance upon the {aid juftices, baron and tpqpci^, U Well for the returning of fuch tales as (hall be prayed	de dr-

cuptftantibusf for the trying of t^e laid ilfues, as	for tie.

doing and executing of every thing and things to the ofPfC of fheriffin fuch cafe bekmging or appertaining ; and that Jurors, parties, ^ perfons to be irppannelied in fuch juries, and the pa^rt and witneffesto to the fame iffues and fuitq, and the witnefTes for the fame, be charged and fhall be charged and bound in fuch and the like fort, and rf?1?”	upon like pains and penalties, fof their not" appearance an<}

attendance, or for their oy any of their mifdemeauoqn of *	default before the faid juftices of ntft prius ; as they mould

have been, if the fame lfTue had been tryed in c#Wt frony whence the rijt prius was av/arded : all which fcveral tryalfc fo to be had before the faid feveral j offices, baron or barony fllall, by authority of this prefent parliament ftand and fee as good and available iq law, as if the fame had been tryed in the term-time at the bar in the court where fucli iffue was joyned or tryable ; any law, ufage, or cuftom heretofore m/*de, ufed or accuftcmed, to the contrary hereof in any wifa notwithftanding.

PHAp.

Digitized by Google

<Ss

4r P-*$<$•

w

vskmfrXws< € CUyJf* H*

P B A ?• W

■4» additional 4(t *•, tht Aft ittrifuled. Ai) AQ; for the Cleyijjng tj|$	yi §t. Pamcjj-fye#.

HERIj^S tljc cathedral church of St. Patrick’s Dublin is of the foundation of his Majeftie’s royal progenitors, and ftanejeth in a low valley, fuhjed to the inundation of fud,deq flqpcjU., ^’hicty fall froip tl\e nVountaii^ near adjacent unto the \yater-<pqurfe there, called the Poddell, which runs qn either fu}e of Svt. PatrickVftr<^et? and brecdvS fuch annoyance, as not only moft of the dwellings of the inhabitants thereabouts are fpddenly overflowed thereby, but that ancient noble fohnek is in great hazard to be totally rujned, if fome fpeedy and effe&ual courfe be not taken to prevent the fame : aijd whereas feme provifion heretofore made in the reign of his M;yeftie’s royal anceftor king Henry the fecond for removing that nuifance, by keeping the faid current clean, and the water-paflage large and open, but by thelicentiqufiiefi of the late times many ftoppages have been ni(\de, by the inhabitants calling of the rubbifn Into the very iircams \vhi$h run under the hoyfes, and a^fo by tanners making gamins an<jl dikes there to water their Ikins, and laying foundations of floors and buildings in the midil of the wry water-courfe : for remedy whereof, and to the intent the Caid	and	other	nuifances may be removed, and

tjhs Uk:a miichiefsj if pofiible, prevented for the time to come, may it plcafe your Majeftie tlpt it may be ena&ed, and be it enacled bv the King’s moft excellent Majeftie, by ancj with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and the commons in this prefent parliament aflem-hled? and by the authority of the fame, That the mayor of Commi/Doners the city of Dublin for the time being, the archbifnop of appointed *> Dublin for the time being, Edward ean of Meath, the lord ^k’Tchu^clf '" chief juftice of his MajeftiVs court of chief place in Ireland froin ru*m by : for the time being, the chief jr.ftice of the common picas for inundations the time being, the chief baron of his Majeftie’s court of^mthci>0<^ exchequer for the time being, his Majeftie’s principal fecre-tary of ftate for the tine being, his Majeftie’s attorney and folicitor general for the time being, the dean of the cathedral church of the holy Trinity Dublin for the time being, the dean of the cathedral church of St. Patrick’s Dublin for the time being, and the recorder of the city of Dublin for the time being, they, or any five or more of them (whereof the lord archbifhop of Dublin for the time being to be alwavcs one) {hall be and are hereby appointed com-miffloners for preferring the faid cathedral from ruine or decay.

Digitized by t^ooQle

7bt frventccnt b mnd ngbtanth Ttmrs ef Charles 9. cay, by paeans of the faid nuifance and inundation; and (hall have full power and authority by virtue of this ad, and a?e hereby authorized from time to time, to meet together at fuch dares and times, in fuch place and places, as Thtir Powers, they (hall think convenient,'and by the oaths of good and lawful men, or by any lawful wayqi and means, to inquire of the caufes of thf fedd nuifance and overflowing of die waters, pr by whom or by what means the fame is or fkdlb? occasioned, and advife hpw and in what manner the fame may ,	be remedied and prevented $ and fhalj aifo have power and

authority to examine upon oath all fuch perfon^ as (hall be produced before them to givc information touching the Ropp^ges and overflowings of the faid wtttCrcourfe, b: the lame witliin the county of Dublin, or within the county of the citvof Dublin, or within any liberties,

IL^eit farther enaded by the authority aforek.id, That if upon fuch inquiry or examination, taken as aforefaid, it fhall appear to the faid commiffioner*, or any five or more of them, as aforefaid, that the faid nuifance is or fhall be occafloned in part or in whole by any inhabitant dwelling upon or near to the faid water-coqrfe, or any other perlba or perfons, under whom fuch inhabitant claims any intereA there; that then and in fuch cafe, upon convi&ion of fuch perfon or perfons of fuch nuifance, by the teftimony of two credible witnefles upon oath (which oath the faidcom-tniflioners, or any five or more of them as aforefaid, are hereby authorized to adminifter) or by confcflion of the party, or notorious evidence of the it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiffioners, or any five or ir.ore of them as aforefaid, to make a record of fuch offence cr offences, under their hands and feals refpe&ivdy, or the hands or feals of any five or more of them, asaforc-recqrdof of- faid; which record fo made as aforefaid, fhall remain in the fance, to remain cuftody of the mayor of the pity of Dublin, and his fuc-

wh^h (htlThc *# cc^or8> an<^ to ^ *ntcnt8 an^ purpofes, be in law taken taken as« fall and adjudged a fujl and period convi&ion of every fuch ceavi&ion. offender for fuch offence; and thereupon the faid commiffioners, or any five or more of them as aforefaid, fhall iffue a precept in writing under their hands and feals, or the hands and feals of any five or more of them as aforefaid, to require fuch perfon or perfons fo con-v:& to paufe the faid nuifance to be removed at his own rmiJhnces to he cofl and charges witliin fuch reafonable time as they (hall removed in think fit to appoint for that work ; and in cafe fuch offender conviAed.^ CDconvift as aforefaid fhall negled or refufe to remove the faid nuifance according to the time appointed, that then it (ball Uftdmay he lawful for the faid commiffioners, or any live or mere of them as aforefaid, to iuipofe a fine upon fuch

pcri'oa

Digitized by v^ooQle

fhe fraent tenth and eighteenth Tears if Charles IT.

Ferfon or perfons fo convi&, and iiegle&ing er refufing fcp *etnov« fuch nuxfance within the time limited, not exceeding five pounds, and to commit fuch offender and offenders to the next goal, there to remain without bail or mainprize, until be and they, at his and their own proper coft and charges, Penalty, (ball fully remove fuch nuifance, according to the purport of the faid precept iflued by the faid commiffionera, or any five or more of them as afoftfyd.

: III. Be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Thai

if any fuch offender fo convi&ed as aforefaid (hall at any

time again commit the like offence contrary to the a&, and

be therefore convifted in manner as aforefaid, then every

fuch offender, fo convid of fuch fecond offence, (hall be

imprifoned, by warrant fr^m the faid commiffioners, or any

$ve or more of them as aforefaid, until he have, at his

own proper cofb and charges, removed fuch nuifance, and

paid down unto fuch perfpn or perfons as the faid commif- Penalty for fc-

poners or any five or more of them as ^forefaid, fhall ap- cond oflence.

point, fech foine of money, not exceeding ten pounds,

hs the faid commiffioners (who are thereunto authorized

by this ad) fhall fine fuch offender at for his or their fecond

pffence.

IV.	And be it further fna&ed by the authority aforefaid, That if any fuch offender, fo conviA of a fecond offence in manner as aforefaid, fhall at any time again commit the like offence contrary to this aft, that then and in fuch cafe, as often as fuch perfpn fhall after fuch fecond convi&i-on commit any offence contrary to this ad, and be there- Penalty for of convid in manner as aforefaid, it fhall and may be lawful ^urtilcr QScnu^ for the faid commiffioners, or any five cr more cf them as aforefaid, to commit fuch perfon or perfons to prifon, there to remain without bail or mainprize, until fuch perfon or perfons fhall at his and their own proper cofts and charges nave removed, fuch nuifance, and paid in manner aforefaid Tuch fum of money (not exceeding ten pqgpds) as the faid commiffioners or any five or more of them. *3 aforefaid (who are hereunto authorized by this ad} fhall fine fuch offender at for his feveral offences refpedively, fo often as he fhall commit the fame, after flich fecond convi&ion contrary to-thls ad.

V; And the faid commiffioners, or any five or more of Ccmmi£oncn them as aforefaid have hereby full power and authorise to ml7 Order and direct the making of any new grafts, vaults or -herauom. fellers, cr to cut into any dreyne or feller already made, or the altering, irilargmg, amending, cleanfiug or lcouring of any old vaults, fincks or common fellers, for the making, amending or altering of any new or old pavements, or taking away of crofo gutters or channels, and for the removing ~	of

a

Digitized by LjOoq le

lift	T/f,	Vw*	rf	ChMk>	U.

A. D. of 41 ftt tiw’fejwefc QC any encroachments I w tbed% 1665. wtlty hufe, Aumps, polls or wails, beyond the qJ4 ftw? Cfcap. 2,i. flpiife8 wiQ the Areets, in fell	which	fell	he ask

’udgedconvcaicijU and to. hinder the pafiage ; pjpvhfed th^t Satisfy&jon to fjjpjJ eacrQachments as the aforementioned, \tfuch &t uuk

wborc*cncroAch- ^ncc® that have continued above vw^ty w faft yaft, ifaft menu have * V* he removed, nor any new grafts or fellers QUt or uvufe^ Hood 30 year*, until reafonable fatisfaclion fhall be given h]T the fed cqjfe xpifioners to <he parly or parties that (hall (ollfe? thereby;

if a,ny pzrifeor penons fell o>yn the fed cwoafhr iqents, or ff,all not accept of feh reafonable V fell Us tendered or offered by the fed cpnifeig^i*x% ep apy live or more of them as afocefed, (or the or removing feh uuifiwea or encroachments as have beeq continued before the time aforefed, and mating or. cutting ocqj juufts, vaults or fellers, that then, and in Tuclj cafe 3 ,	refy/a},	the	lord chancellor of Irek^d for tb£ time being.

petition preferred to him by thp, party greyed, fea jjfi'wxr* and h required by tfe$ adVto. adjudge what fe tkfefltion fliajl be lit for the fa^peyfopor perrons to receive! ftpt th.e	cr pulling dowja any fuch. nudances nr

encroachments, or making or cutting any new grafts, vauk$ feue^as aforefaidL	•	•

Said fines Je-	YJ? Ard h? h further enacled by the authority* afenS

▼led by war-	That aU u^U fines a? ftafl b$ fepofed by the fed com-

JdDt' *c.	miifeftcrsj, or any five or more of them as aforefed, upon

Qr prrfena for any offence committed contrary to thiaa£l, fli&U be levied by warrant upd^r the b^ds apd fealf of the fed ccmfeffencrs, or any five or more 0i them as afon;-

fed, dicc£W unto, tin; qonftable oj: conflabfes Qf the parifb when: fitch offender or ofEendors do live, (wlfeh warrant the fed. cqmmiffiouers, or any five or. more of them as aforefiud are. hereby autbprized to, iffue).; and the laid conftable or camfebles of fuch parifb or parifhes refpeediv-Iy are hereby authorized and required, upon receipt of fuch warrant, to go unto, the perfon or perfon 5 (o fined, and demand payment of fuch fine, and in cafe of ncgjcdt or refufal thereof, to dif* tsaia fpr the fame [ and fuch diflreffes fo taken to fell, paying the overplus, if any Ihall remain over and above iudb fine, back again unto the perfon or perfone fo dfflrainedj and the fed conftabk and conftables are to pay all fuch moneys as fhall l>e received, or levied by way of djl^tcfs, into the hand? of fuch perfon or perfons as by the faid commif-fiongs, or any five or more of them as aferefaid, fhall be appointed, who are hereby authorized to receive the fame, and difpofe thereof from time to time for the removing of the fed nnifances, and preferving the faid cathedral from inundations, in fuch manner as the fed commiifioncre, or any

ft*

Digitized by kjOOQle

7%kJ&tHtteiiih and ttghtmtk Ttdrt of Chariesll.	rfy

fiwt; or Ttro**-ef rhefn as sforefeld', (hall by vwwnmt muter A. D.

their hands direct and appoint. ' ' ’	'	i65j.

Vll. Andt*kflftttertna^hytlftatithcAT«ysllbrcfild, Chap. Thstifanycwrfhble'orcbitfldbfcs flail Hl^lfedS ffr Yifuk t» rxetnte any warrant or warrf ntiifiade unto theffi fbr dff- Penalty M trrfmhjg aiiafctting die gtjtfds and chattels of any offenflor	at~

agnihH this id, or laying fntH fhmfe of motleys as ftafl he K,ectI6t-mipoM by the (Md osnuftlfBansrt, or any ftvecfr fewe df them »JtfiJrefeld, fifth couftablt: arid coriftaBtes fo defending ftafl incur tire penal tytjf liriprifdmrtAtt for any time not dt-owflihgfi* months* and fhall pay ftch fine® tfie ftid c«m-miffomets, or any five or more of them as aferefeid, ihsH flunk fit to Jnspofe (not ettosdihg fire poU Mrich the Srid coiemMBcAiersi drftny'fivfe 6r more of them at rfwefaid, are Hereby a&tHertsred to imptofeand levy in tftsntrer as afore-feM, aether fhtH fee caufe; and day alfo by warrant under their hands and teals, commit fifth offenddr and offehdors tn the west gd&b ih cafes of negteft or refufkl to etecnte hS* fluty atmdmt to the tetter of this kfit ; and the Md gpahr po»,CT* to<k-is hereby required to receive all oiFendors agatoft this u“ offe^c.? fent to Wfe by the fisid comntffltotiers, or any frreor mote dt	s

them ayafomatd, and to detain him or them ih fafe cnftody at cording toiht fatd warrant, upon penalty ofdve pound* to be lettwfaa afore&id.

VUI. Awl be it firnhwettedfedby the authority afore- commiffioner. feW, TThat in cafe the faid commMRonft-s, or any Wye or more ««m rnqohy of them ds aforefaid, upon enquiry and due coaftiewtion ** cd^m had bf what afethe caufes of the (hid mnfawce and hKm&-ifenM^!^te tion, and how and by what means th'e fame may be renitdiedy the dean and ’Whether by-flivewiiig the water-co’Urfe, or turning the (beams prebends, inba-fome other way (whereby the fabtick of the fiafid cathriMI pj^ickvftr' church may be preferred from ruine, and the dwellings of Sc> ^"all the neighbouring inhabitants from beiifg fo frequently over- within danger flown) (hall find that the fame cannot be well effected with- of inundation, ontHm^ Cbfiflderahle expcucfc of mOfleys, that then antfin	or*^

filch csffei it (hall arid nitty be lawful to Snd for the faid cbm- jcanfe the old. •ffitfftdlM'rs, Or aity five or rfitire of them as bforffeid, (and the faid commilfioners, or any five or more of them as-afortraid,

(hall be and are hereby authorized at any time hereafter, when and as often as the faid commilfioners, or any five or more of tftemas Uforefaid, (hall fifld it rfeeeflhry) to lay fiiAtatbr aflcflhletft- upon the ’dean, dignitaries and prebends of the faid cathedral church of St. Patrick Dublin, and the feve-ral inhabitants of St. Patrick’s-ftreet, and in the dofe of the faid cathedral, and on all perfons that live within the liberties of St. Sepulchre’s and Donore, or within the level and danger of the faid inundation, as they (hall conceive may be fufficient to defray the charges of making a new graft or current, orfeowring or cleanfing the old grafts or currents, for

preventing

Digitized by v^ooQle

7 it JevtntttHtb and eighteenth fehrs of Charles It. preventing the fail! inm&ttibn tod confluence of Waters to the overflowing of thofe parts.

IX.	Provided that no perfon or perfons be rated or af* fiefied in anj one fear towards the feud tat above the fum of No perfon to five pounds flirtingj and the laid commilfioners, or any five be raxed above or Qf	a5	^forefiiid,	are hereby authorized, by

51. in one year,	mjdcr	their	hands	and	feals, or the hands and fealt

of any five or fnore as aforefaid, to caufe the faid moneys to cqvaUyaflcfled.be equally rated, affeffed and tasted Upon the feveral p*-» rifhioners and inhabitants of the places afqrefaidj and the fame to be levied and collided by way of diitrefs and (ale of the offender's goods, in manner at it hereiu formerly mentioned, and to pay all fetch moneys a? fhftll be fo taxed and levied into the hands of fuch pofon or perfons as by the faid commiffioners, or any five or more of them as afore-faid, fhall be appointed, who is to iffue forth the feme from time to time, as the faid commiffioners, or any five or more of them as afbrefaid, fhall think fit j and if any petfon or perfons be at any time fued for nutting in execution tpy of the powers contained in his aa, fuen perfon and perion*4* fhall and may plead the general iffue, and give the fpocal matter in evidence j and if the plaintiff be non-fuit, or aver* di& pafs for the defendant thereupon, or if the plaintiff discontinue his a&ion, or if, upon demurrer, judgment be given for the defendant, every fuch defendant fhall haw Comm>(fionm his and their treble cod*; and the faid commifliooer^ ay appoint a 0rany five or more of them as aforefaid, are hereby authorized to appoint a treafurer, or collc&or and clerk to attend them, with fuch moderate allowances as fhall be fit, not exceeding five (hillings for each day the commiffioners fhall meet and fit on the matter aforefaid.

J The general iffue.

trt afurcr and xkrk.

Private*

Private.

CHAP. XXII.

An A3 fir the Natnraliration ef Maria Enghema Dmg**, Halter Dungan, efo\ Urfuta Dungan, Judith Cox, alias Keating, and Char latte Lane, daughter to Str Geurgt Looif

knight.

CHAP. XXIII.

An Act for the fettling tie Alley of St. John's, in cr mar 4:by, kfan Dame Murj uUrukih, and her Heirsfur n*er.

ru

Digitized by Google

77>f feventeentb and eighteenth Years of Charles IL

«•

The Rcfolution of tbe Doubts, by tbi Lord Lieutenant and Council, upon tbt Ad of Settlement, and Explanation thereof

By the Lord Lieutenant and Council*

ORMONDE.

WHEREAS his Majefties commiffionen for put* ting in *4jputioo the aft, intituled, An *9 fir the better executiond^ bis Majeftics gracious declaration fir

the fettlement of bis kingdom of Ireland9 and Jatiif ad ion of the feveral interefts of adventurers, ftmldiers, and other bit fubjeds there; and one other aft, intituled, An m& for tbi explaining of fome doubts arifing upon an ad, intituled. An ad for the better execution of bis Majefties gracious declaration for thefettlement of bis kingdom of Ireland, andfatisfmdion •f the feveral interejls of adventurers, Jbuldier's, and other bit futjeds there, and for making fome alterations of andastditioms unto the faid ad for the more fpeedy and eftedual jettlemtnt of the faid kingdom, have the fecond day of April one thoufand fix hundred fixty and fix, prefented unto the lord Hen* tenant and council, a writing under their hands and fcak»* which followeth in thefc words:

To his grace James duke of Ormond, lord lieutenant general and general governour of Ireland; and to the right honourable the lords of his Mqeftiet privy council there;

The humble addrefs of his Majefties commiffionerB for putting in execution the aft, intituled. An ad for the better execution of bis Majefties gracious declaration for the fettle-tnent cf his kingdom of Ireland, and fatisfaftion of tbe fevered interefts of adventurers, fouldiers, and other his Majefties fubjeds there; and one other aft intituled. An a9for the explaining of fome doubts arifing upon an ad, intituled. An ad for the better execution of his Majefties gracious declaration for tbe fettlement of his kingdom of Ireland, andfatisfadon of tbe fever al interefts of adventurers* fouldiers, and other his fubjeds there, and for making fome alterations of and additions unto tbe faid ad for the mart fpeedy and tjfedualfetdtmcnt of tbtfaid kingdom.

WHEREAS in the faid aft, intituled. An ad for tbe

explaining of fome doubts arifing upon an ad, intituled, An ad for tbe better execution of bis Majefties gracious declaration for tbe fettlement of bis kingdom of Ireland, and*

fatisfadion



1

t

$

0

' 1

1

Digitized by L^ooQle

r



Recital of a dUufc in a& of explanation, fee.

?5S-

Doubts on conftru&ion of faid a £, proposed by the commiuionert,

Firft.

rim if citsm* it.

fothfhfimr of the fevered inter efts of adventurersy fouUicrs, Wfti dfbfr Itfsfifi&i fifth, kndfir iukhtifr fine dlfera'trons md mktttoas **to Wtfitf *#,.for ibt fareffkedy *M effectualfcttlemnt of the faid kingdom, p* 868. it is efttQttf in thefe words ; “ And that in all cafes which (hall happen before the edMftifoWfftr*	the	fpSit <5F years next

after their firft fitting, wherein the conilru&ion of this or the (aid former aft (hall appear doubtfufl td tf&ib, elr that the aft itielf (hall be found defective in fome points necefiaxy for the Carrying on of the mtchdefi fiAaf raU&feift, aBB not dearly enough determined and prodded for bf th# aft, the oothmdfiahens* or any three or riioH of them^ fidfi afts3 lnayv by wrkihg u rider their hands Aid ihakt	th£

lord lieutenant, or oth£r chief goterridtu* or gOverftOiffs 6f Ireland, and coiitibil there for the tfflft $3ng) WhH tUhn^ proceedings and doubts ariftag thefrfcttpfcn, And tfig defe&r appearihg in this prefect aft> dftd ftidt OftW 6f ShihhdSiWt; mhngement of period^ efcp&riiHbri or difrfcftibft as ffiaft BS thereupon made by the lbftl tfeutenttht; or ntheF cRitf gd^* ▼tfftonr Of gdtefftbrirt ahd coilft&l; by aft bf cb\hid3 IS Writing* for the bdtd- and more caRe et&fctioh of thW Aft, dhd for pmmdtihg the ftids thereof orffty, (Ball be as bind: iilg to the 06mttiiffibhed; ahd all OtheT befforts, attd e&eic-tddf as if the Caitif had been pAtt of tnifc J>f-£font aft, lo always that the (aid aft and A&9 Of COtthOtt be tfUtdfc within the in id two years,- and inrolled in the high court of Chan-<*ry*” We his Mfcjfe&fes faid eOHWffftodriefS do hiiinbly aeqaaiftt your grtee and the cmfiitd Witft thefe following dotibt? arifing nfcofr ftVerid cafes h££|^ifc£’before us, in which the conilruction of the faid aft dfctfr djfpidb doubtful unto us.

Fitfti Whetht¥ aS hbflotV, fttShrihri*, caftles, hoiiles^ pkl&ei, kfldl, tenements and htfedfiithi^nts, right, title, forfiefc, chirifry, ufe,- trtril, coridiliofi, fee, rent-charge, chattels red, nrortgagd, fight of redemption of any mortgages, recognfeanccs, judgemeffte, forfeitures, extent, right of aftioif, right of drttty, flatute, or any other eftate of what natufe or kifldd foever, in ah and every the counties, baronies, dries, toffies corporate and Walled townes within thiairingrlom, which did, on the three-and-twentieth day of Gftbber one thoufand fix hundred forty and onf, or at any tlAe fine*?, belong to any Irifh pipift, fopifo recufiaot, or RtfffiaJi Catholick, oi^ which have been returned by the civil furrey, or Down furvey, or either of them,, as bolongfng to au\y Irifh papifo Popifh recitfant, or Roman cafch6l:£te and What at any time from and after the faid three-tnd-tyventi^th day of Oftober one thou&nd fix hundred forty and oft<f, ware fdzed or'fc^ueftrad info the hand*, or to th^

ufe

Digitized by

Google

The JtymUinih and tighteinth Years' of Charles H.	J95

ufe of his late Majellie King Charles the fir ft, or of his Mi-jeftie tiiat now is, which were allotted* affigiiu^ .given^ granted, ordered* diftributed, difpofea, dcmifcdT let oitf, or let apart to or for any perfon or perfpns ufe or ufes,(£y adventures, arrears, reprifals^or otherwKc, or whereof his Jate Majcf-tie, or his Majcftie that now is, or any adyenfl^er, foijdier, reprizable perfon or others refpo&iycly, had aacl received the rents, ifTucs and profits, or whereof the ad^entmp^ officers* fouldiers now or formerly of the Enghfh aprmy in this kingdum, or tranfplauted or tranljdan table p^djons, of tny of them, or their or any of their hdu^heit*, or af-figiys, were in feiiiu, pofleffion or occupation ^^lemfelves, the if tenaats, agents or afiigus, on the feveuth day of May •ne thoufand fix hundred fifty qnd nine, or* which were a£ figned, given, granted, Jaid out, fet apart or referved fon ♦r towards the fntisfadtion of any the (aid ad venturers > foul-* diers or otljcr perfons for or in confderation of any moneft or provifions advanced, lent or furniftied, or for arrears oi pay, or in compentafcion of any fervice, or reputed* fervices, or other » acconjgt whntfoever, or referred on mentioned to be referved for or in ordee to a re* prizal or reprizals for fuch incumbrances as then were,	~ '

now are, or fhall be adjudged due to any perfon or perfons,. out of the (aid lands, tenements or here-menta, or for any others ufe, intent or purpofe whatfo-ever, or wliereof any, cttfiodiaviy leafe for year or years; or other flifpofition or grant what foe ver hath been made, excepting fuch lands, tenements and hereditaments, rights,' titles andiuterefts, as did on the faid twenty-third day of O&ober one thoufand fix hundred forty and one, rightful^ ly belong unto fuch perfons as by his Majeftics late com-miffioners for executing the faid aft, intituled. An A A for the bitter execution of bit MajeJties gracious declaration for the fttlcmcnl of his kingdom of Ireland, and fatisfiftion of the fcveral intcrefts of adventurers, fould es9 and other his fuhjt (h there, have been already adjudged innocent, and ex£epting fuch lands, tenements and hereditaments, 1 ights,r titles and interefts, as have been by his Majefties faid late commifiioners reftored or decreed to any perfon or perfon! by virtue of and purfoant to any particular claufe or pro-vifo in the faid act contained, for fo much of the faid lands,, tenements and hereditaments, as in their refpe&ive claufos or provifoes is mentioned, contained, or comprehended, and excepting any judgment or decree, which hath been obtained hy any proteftant or preteftants in the late <court for adjudication of claims, or m the count of Exchequer, or any the four courts fitting at Dublin, before the twenty-fccond day of Auguil one thoufand fix hundred fixty and Vot. II.	K	three.

Digitized by

The frventeenth and eighteenth Tears tf Charles II. three, (hall not, at all times hereafter, in the four omits fitting at Dublin, and iq all courts of jullice, and in all trr-als, adtons and fntH, both in law and equity, a&well between. Ilia Majeftic and any of his fubjeds, as between party and party, without any further proof, be always* taken, deemed, conftroed and adjudged to have becnfciz-ed, fequefteredi allotted, affigned; given, granted, ordered, di&ribtfted, deihifcd, fct out, fct a >art, poflWTed, referred, granted, in cuftod’am, leafed aqd difpofed by reafon of and upon account of the late horrid rebellion or war, which bcjjan or broke out in this kingdom upon the twenty: third day of Odober one tlioufand fix hundred forty and one, and to hayebeoi and to be by the aforefaid fcveral ads, at from the faid twenty-thud day of Odober one thoufand fix hundred forty and one; forfeited to his Majefties royal Father of ever-blefkd memory, and to ^ris Majeme that qow i% his heirs ard fuocefibre, and well and firmly by the faid feveral ads veiled in his Majeftie, his heirs and fuceeflors, without any office or inquifition (hereof found, or to be found, to the intents, ufes and purpofes in and by the (aid fevereil ads limited, declared and appointed, ‘

Serena/}9 Whether aftey the commifiioqcra appointed, or to be appointed, by his MajefHe for executing tnc faid (eve-ral ads, (hall have adjudged any pf the faid Iand3, tenements dr hereditaments, rights, titles or interefls by the (aid ads declared to be forfeited ^nd veiled in his Majefiie, unto any perfon or perfons who by the (aid ads are intituled thereunto, and (h^ll have granted their certificate accordingly, and letters patents (hall be thereupon paffed *8 by the faid ads is direded and appointed, the rights, titles and interelU of all perfons whatfoever, who have not by the {aid late commilfioners for executing the faid ad, intituled, An atl fir the tetter execution of bir Majefties gracious declaration for the fettlement of bis kingdom of Ireland, andJa-tufa H ion of the federal inter efts of adventurers, finishers9 and other his fihjctts there, been already adjudged innocent, as well fuch as are or were proteftants as papilla, are or (hall be thereby concluded, barred, and determined, other than hich rights, titles and interefls, which (hall be in the laid letters patents particularly mentioned and referred, and other than fuch rights, titles and interefts, as are the proper ad of the party to whom fuch letters patents (hall be To granted, or of thofc under whom he claims as heir, executor or adminiftrator, and other than fuch deb**, leaks and payments whercunto the fame are by the (aid ads made lyable, and whether the faid lands, tenements and hereditaments, rights, titles and interefls in the (aid letters patents mentioned and contained, are or (hall be by the '	fold

Digitized by Gc ^le

The feyenteenth an4 eighteenth Tears of Charles II.	195

laid a&8 confirmed to the feveral perfons ^herein named, according to fuch feveral and refpe&ive eftates as fhall be therein limited and ^ppoin$$d againfl the King’s Majeftie, his heirs and fucceffors, and all perfons claiming by, frtun, or under trim or them, and againft all other perfons, bodies politick and corporate whatfoeyer.

Thirdly, Whether all adventurers and fouldiers, their Third, heirs aud afligns, (hall have? hold and enjoy an eflate of inheritance in fee-fimple in fuch of the faid lands, tenements and hereditaments by the faid a&s declared to be forfeited to and veiled in ftis Majeftie, as (hall by the commifGoners appointed, or to be appointed for executing the faid ads, be certified to belong and he due unto them^ nnlefs fome other and lefler ellate (hall, by the certificate of the fold commiflioners, be exprefly and diflin&ly li? mited and appointed, and in cafe any fuch other or Ief-fer eflate fhall be fo limited 9r appointed jn fuch certificate, then whether fuch adyenturer and fouldier to whom fuch certificate for fuch lefler eflate (hall be fo granted, fhall have fuch compenfation and allowance out of other forfeited lands, as fhall make up his tiyo third parts, by the (aid a&g intended tphim, equal in worth and value to others who (hall have eftates of inheritance in fee-fimple certified and! granted unto them.

And we the faid commiflioneys do humbly pray your grace and the council, to take the premifles into your confederation, and to give therein fuch judgement, order, explanation, and direction as you (hall think meet, that we may be the better enabled to proceed in the execution of the faid a.&s, and in the carrying on the intended final fettlement of adventurers and fouldiers, and other his Majeftie’s fubje&s in this kingdom.

Dated at the King’s Inns Dublin, the Thirteenth day of February 1665.

Edw, Smith. Edward Dering. A. Brodrick^

\Y. Churchill. IJdward Cook.

.

N z	We

Digitized by L^ooQle

77r fovenUet[th and eighteenth J'Varx. of Charles IT.

WE the lord lieutenant and council, haying duly considered of the (aid doubts in the faid writing contained, do by this our a61 of council, for the better and more eafie Execution of th^ fftid act, intituled. A*

Jot the belter execution <j his iajcji«e3 s^gracicus cujaran** for the fettlement of his kingdom of Ireland, andfatisfacthn of the federal interejls of adventurers, fouldiers, and other Lis Jubjett there, and Jor making/ome aluraticns of and additions unto the faid adi, and for promoting the ends thereof, order *pd declare;

That a)l honors, manors, caflles, houfes, jdacqs, lands, tenements and hereditaments, right, title, fervice, .chiefiry, ufe, truft, condition, fee, rent-charge, chattels real, mortgage, ri^ht of redemption of any mortgages, recognizances, judgments, forfeitures, extent, right of a&ioo, right of entry, ftatute, or any other eftate of what nature or kiode foever, in all and every the counties, baronies, cities, towns corporate, and walled towns witl>in this kingdom, which did on the twenty third of October ope thoufand fix hundred, forty and one, or at any time Once, belong to any Irifh papift, popifh recufant, or Roman catholick, or which have been returned by th^ civil furvey, or t)own furvey, or either of them, as belonging to any Irifh papift, popifh recufapt, or Roman catholick, and which at any time from and after the faid twenty third day of O&pber one thoufand . fix hundred forty and one were feized or fequeflered into the hands, or to the ufe of his late Majefty' king Charles the firft, or of his moft gracious Majefty that now is, or which were allotted, afllgned, given, granted, ordered, distributed, difpofedj demifed, fpt out, or fet anart to or for any perfon or perfons ufe or • ufes, for adventurers arrears, rfcprizals, or otherwife, or whereof his late Majefty, or his Majefty that now is, or any adventurer, foul'd! er, re-prizable prirfon, or others, refpe&ively had and received the rents, iflues .and profits, or whereof the aciventurers, officers, or fouldiers, now or formerly of the Englifh army in this kingdom, or tranfpl nted or tranfplantable perfgns, or, any of them, or their- or any of their heir, heirs, or affignsj were in feifin, poflefliou or occupation by themfelves, their tenants, agents, or aftigns, on the feventh day of May one thoufand fix hundred fifty and nine, or which were affigned, given, granted, laid out, fet apart or referved foy or towards the fatisfa&ion of any the faid ativenturers, fouldiers, or other perfons, for or in confidcration of any money or provifions advanced* lent or furnifhed, or for arrears of pay, t>r in compensation of any fcrvice, or reputed fervices, or other ac-

compt

Digitized by C^ooQle

Yht /event eenth and eighteenth Years of Charles II.	197

compt whatfoever, or refer ved, or mentioned to be referv-ed for or in order to a reprizal or reprizals for fuch incumbrances as then were, now arc, or (hall be adjudged due to any perfon or perTohs out of the faid lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or for any other ufe, intent or purpofe whatfoever, or whereof any cuftodiam, leafe for year or years, or other difpofition or giant whatfoever hath been made, excepting fuch landft, tenements and hereditaments, rights, titles, and interefls, as did on the faid twenty third day of Oftober one thoufand fix hundred forty and One, rightfully belong unto fuch per-fons, as by his Majeftie’s late commifuoners for executing the faid aft, intituled, An Att for the better execution of his Muj fly's gracious declaration for the fettlement. of bis kingdom of Irelandf and Jatisfaction of the federal in-ter efts cf ad-venturers, foutdiers, and other bis fubjeels there, have been already adjudged innocent, and excepting fuch' lands, tenements and hereditaments, rights, titles and interefts, as have been by his Majedie’s faid late com-mlflioners reftored or decreed to any perfon or perfons by virtue of, and purfuant- to any particular claufe or provifo in the faid aft .contained, for fo much of the Jaid lands, tenements and hereditaments, as in their faid refpeftive claufes or provifoes is mentioned, contained or comprehended, and excepting any judgment or decree which hath been obtained by any proteftant or protef-lants in the late court, or pretended court for adjudication of claims, or in the court of Exchequer, or any the four courts fitting at Dublin, before the twenty fe-cond day of. Anguft one thoufand fix hundred fixty and three, fhall at all times hereafter in the Four-courts fitting at Dublin, and in all courts of juftice, and in all tryals, aftions and fuits, both in law and equity, as well between his Majefty and any of his fubjefts, as between party and party, without any further proof, be always taken, deemed, confirued, and adjudged to have been feized, fequeftered, allotted, alfigned, given, granted, ordered, diflributed, demifed, fet out, (et apart, poffeffed, referved, granted in cuftodiam, leafed, and difpofed by teafon of and upon accompt of the late horrid rebellion or war, which began or broke out in this kingdom upon the ttventy third day of Oftober one thoufand fix hundred forty and one, and to have been, and to be by the aforefaid fevcral afts, as from the faid twenty third day of Oftober one thoufand fix hundred forty and one, forfeited to his Maieftie’s royal father of ever blefied memory, and to his Majeflie that now is, his heirs and fucceflbrs, and well and firmly by the faid fcveral afts

veiled

Digitized by Google



l98

Second*

Third.

The /event tenth and tight tenth Ytdurs of Charles IT. veiled in his Majefty, his beirs and fuccefibr*, without dny office or inquifitioft thereof fbiind, or to be founds to the intents, ufes and purpofes in and by the (aid federal a6U limited, declared, and appointed.

And we do hereby further order and declare, that if* ter the commiffioners appointed, or to be appointed by his Majeflie for executing the fkld feveral a61$, fhafi have adjudged any of the laid lands, tenements or here* ditaments, rights, titles, or idterefb, by the laid ads or by virtue thereof declared to be forfeited to and veiled In his Majeflie, unto any perfon or perfons who by the faid ads are intituled thereunto, and fltall have granted their certificate accordingly, and letters patents null be thereupon palled, as by the faid ads is direded and appointed, the rights, titles and interefls of all perfons whi foever, who have not by the faid late commifhoners for executing the faid ad, intituled, An AO for the better tx-auticn of his tviajjly's gracious declaration for the Jettlement of his kingdom of Ireland% and fatifaO.on of the fever A in* isrejis of adventurers, fouldiers$ and other his fubjtfis there, been already adjudged innocent, as well fuch as are or were proteflants as papifls, are and (hall be thereby concluded, barred and determined, other than fuch rights, titles and interefls which (hall be in the faid letters par tents particularly mentioned and referred, and other than fuch rights, titles and interefls as are the proper ad of the party to whom fuch letters patents ihafl be fd granted, or of thofe under whom he claims as heir, executor or adminiflrator, and other than fuch debts, leaies and paymeuts whereunto the fame are by the faid ads made liable, and that the faid lands, tenements and hereditaments, rights, titles and interefls in the faid letters patent^ mentioned and c6ntained, are and (hall be by the faid ads confirmed to the feveral perfons therein uamed, according to fuch feveral and refpedive eftate* as ihall be therein limited and appointed, againft the King’s Majeflie, his heirs and fucceffors, and all perfons claiming by, from, or under him or them, and againft all other perfons, bodies politick and corporate what foe vrr.

And we do hereby further order and declare, that all adventurers and fouldier&, their heirs and affigns, ihall have, hold, and enjoy an eftate of inheritance in fee-iimple in fuch of the faid lands, tenements and hereditaments, by the faid a6ls or by virtue thereof declared to be forfeited to and veiled in his Majeflie, as (hall, by the conuniflioncrs appointed or to be appointed for executing



Digitized by LjOOQie

199

The fewttttnth *nd tightttntb Ytart Charles II. eeuting the dud ads, be certified to belong and be due onto them, mdda fome other and leffer eftate (hall by the certificates of the (aid commilfioners be exprefiy and diftin&ly limited and appointed; and in cafe any fuch other or leffer eftates ihall be fo limited or appointed in fuch certificate, that then fuch adventurer and fouldier, to whom fuch certificate for fuch leffer eftate ihall be fo granted, ihall have fuch compensation and allowance out of other forfeited lands, as ihall make up his two third parts, by the laid ads intended to him, equal in worth and value to others who ihall have eftates of inheritance in fee-fimplc certified and granted unto them. And it it ordered. That this ad of council be inroQed in the high Court of*Chaaocry, as by the laid explanatory *a isdixtdeL

Given at the Cotmdl Chamber in Dublin the ninth day of April, 1666.

God lave the KING.

Ja. Armachaaus. Midi. Dublin. Cane. Angkfey. Kingfton. R. Coot. Hen. Tichbom. Rob. Byron. Paul Davys. Robert Forth. Rob.

The©. Jones.

Bj

go*	?4/	twenty-fifth Tear tf Charles If.

' ■* * *»

By the Lord Lieutenant and Conned,

Rules, Orders, aad Dire&ions, made and e&abtfhcd by uc the Lord Lieutenant and Council, lor the better itv gulaling die Corporation of the City of Dublin, and the ele&tng of Magistrate* and Officers there.

ESSEX.

*“l,,WHEMiA4 fcTone,a of	fatrfy

VV made in this kingdom, intituled, sin for tire explaining cf'jhzt doubts crying upok an a<3, ifOtltolfd, An m3 for the better execution tf. her Mtjefty's grattioOt deiarntionfir

the fittlement of bis kingdom of Ireland, an d^fiuvf'addon ef the federal inter efts of adventurers, fouldiers, and other bn fubjeds there ; and for making fome alterations of, and additions unto the faid ad, for the more fgeedy and effedualfeiilement of the faid kingdom; it is amongfl other things therein con-jtMued* eva&od* * That it XhaU and may be krw&il to and 44 for the lord lieutenant,.or other chiefc gpvemour or go-44 vernours and council of Ireland, for the time being, from 44 time to time, and at all times to come, during the fpace of 44 feven years, to be accompted from the nine and twentieth 44 day of September one thoufand fix hundred fixty-five, to 44 make and eftafcliAi Aich rules, orders and directions, for 44 the better regulating of all cities, walled towns and cor-44 porations, both new and old, and fuch as (hall be created 44 within this kingdom, and the electing of magiftrates and 44 officers there, and to jnfiidt fuch penalties for the breach * thefesfci as they'in- thetr n ifdoms (hafl think fit; fo as the M penalties for the breach of the rules, orders and directions w- Ur be	touching	-fuch	corporations,	do	not	extend

44 farther than to the removal and disfranchifement df fuch 44 perfons, as (hall be found guilty of the breach thereof: r 44 and fuch rules, orders and directions, fo to be made as 44 aforefaid, (hall be as good and effectual in law, to all 44 intents and purpofes, as if the fame had been fpecially and 44 particularly eflablifhed by authority of this prefent Parlia-44 ment, and (hall remain, continue, and abide in force, for 44 fuch and fo long time as in the faid rules, orders, and di-44 redtions (hall be limitted and appointed ; any thing in the V faid adt, or otherwife to the contrary thereof in any wife, 44 not with (landing

Rules for cor- We the lord lieutenant and council, in purfuance of the SuoUn*10	a<^»	aiu*	t^ie authority thereby given unto us,-have

thought fit to make and eltablifh, and we do hereby make

and

tMqiJi^ed Joy

Gaopt

Tbi wtntj-Jbftb Ttar rf Charles II.	Sol

and cftabttfh the rules, orders and dire&iotis hereafter tnen-tiewed, for the “better regulating of the corporation of the city of Dublin, and the ele&ing of magiftrates and officer* there.

Firfl) That ttpon all ele&ions to be hereafter made eff Firft nilc. any peffc* or perfons to ferve in any of the offices of lord mfeyor, fberifls, recorder or town-clerk of the faid corporation the jMtnts of the perfons, fo ele&ed to ferve in the faid Name* of ma-foversd offices, AtaM be by the faid corporation within ten gifhaus cic^Ud days after fiich ele&ioh prefented to the lord lieutenant, or	top

cdher chief governor or governors, and the privy council of ^ *owo, r,> this kingdom, to be approved of by them; and that no * g a. 12. perfoa fo elected for any the faid offices (haB be for ever here- 9 alter capable of Serving in the faid feveral offices or any of them, until they (hall be refpe&ivcly approved of by thfe lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors and privy council of this kingdom, by order under their hands *; and in cflie the perfons, or any of them, whole names (hall he fo prcfeflted to the lord lieutenant, or other chief gover-nour or governoun and council of this kingdom, fhaH not -befo approved ctf within ten days after their names (hall he (faotap 46 pretested, then and in fneh cafe the faid corporation (hall, proved of in from time to time jHoceed to a new election of fit perfons,	a	ucw

for the faid r*fpe&ive offices, for which the perfons fo pre- c MD‘ fettled (hall net be fo approved of, and (hall in like manner pre fen t their names, to the (aid lord lieutenant, or other chief governour or governours and privy council-of this kingdom, until they (hall have chofen fuch perfons for the faid refpe&ive offices, as fhaU be fo approved of as aforefaid: and that the ele&ion of the lord mayor, {heriffs and treafurer of £jc^;on nf the faid city of Dublin, fhall be former hereafter only by mayor, ih»-the lord mayor and aldermen of the faid city, there being riff*, andtrea-alwavs eight aldermen at the leaft prefent at the time of fuch furcr* ele&ion, and that nd other perfon or perfons whatsoever (hall at any time hereafter have any vote in the election of the faid officers, or any of them.

Secomtfy, That the treafurer, (heriffs, and all other re- Second. ccrveTS erf any part of the revenues of the faid city from Treafurer, time to time hereafter yearly within fix months next after Jhcnifc* Ac. “the expiration of one whole year, wherein they (haH ferve fluUACC0Uut-in the execution of their refpe&ive offices, (hall render unto the auditors of the faid city, or ufual quorum of them appointed, or to be appointed for that purpofe, a true and perfeffc accompt of all money (being any part of the revenues wf the faid city) received by them within that year wherein they fhafi ferve in the execution of their faid r£fp.:£tive offices ; and (hall alfo pay unto the treafurer of the faid city for the. time being fuch moneys as fhall appear upon fuch distVanchnc- °

account meat.

Digitized by LjOOQle

sea

Third.

Officers (hall take oaths.

Juft ad of tbt

•atb 2 F.liz I.

a tutv bath appoint td by 3 W.

to* M. z. Eng.

AO I. %. 'tbit oath tain are ay.

The twenty-fifth Year ef Charles II. account to be due from them refpe&ively, upon pain of being disfranchised by the lord mayor and aldermen of the (aid city for the time being, or ufual quorum of them, who are hereby authorized and required, from time to time, to disfranchise fuch perfons fo refpe&ively negle&ing to account and pay as aforefaid: and in cafe the (aid lord mayor and aldermen Shall negle& to disfranchise fuch perfons, then the Said perfons fo negle&ing to accompt and pay as aforefaid, to be disfranchifed by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governour orgovernours and council of this kingdom, and to be from thenceforth incapable, without their licenfe, of being reftored to their freedoms ; and alSo liberty is hereby given to take fuch further courfe againft fuch perfons as fhau be agreeable to the laws of this kingdom, and to the laws, charters, cuiloms, and conilitutions of the Said city.

Thirdly, That no perfon or perfons, that Shall hereafter be ele&ed either lord mayor, recorder, (hcriffs, trafurer, aldermen, town-clerk, or of the common-council of the (aid city, or mailer, or wardens of any of the corporations or guilds, within the laid city, (hall be capable 6f bolding, enjoying, or exercifing any the laid offices, places or employments, until he or they Audi have taken the oath of Supremacy, eftabliihed by a& of Parliament 2 do Elizabeth* in this kingdom, and the oath of allegiance, befidcs the oaths ufually taken upon the admiffion of any perfons into the faid refpe&ive offices, places, or employments: and alio this enluing oath, viz.

1 A. B. do declare and believe. That it is not lawful, upon any pretence what/ccver, to take arms againft the King\ and that 1 do abhor that traiteroue pofition of taking arms by his authority againft his perfon, or againft tbefe that an commijftoned hy him.

So help me GOD.

The (aid oaths to be taken before fuch perfon or perfons as Shall admit them*to the (aid Several offices, places, and employments (who are hereby impowered, authorized and required to adminiiler to them the (aid oaths) and upon any fuch perfon or perfons refiifal to take the laid oaths, the ek&ion of fuch perfon or perfons into any the faid offices, places, or employments is hereby declared to be abfolutelv null and void ; fuch perfons only excepted, with whole taking the faid oath of fupremacy, the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being (hall think fit, by writing under bis or their hand, by name to cifjpcnce.

Fourthly,

The twenty-fifth Tear of Charles II.	203

Fourthly. Whereas the common-council of the faid city Fourth, doth confift of a lord mayor and twenty-four Aldermen, who have ufually fate together \rt one room apart by themfelves, and alfo of fuch who are commonly called fheriffs-peers, not exceeding forty-eight perfons, and of ninety-nx other perfons, who are defied into the faid common-council out of feveral of the guilds or corporation of this city, and who have ufually fate together in one room apart by themfelves, and have been ufually called the commons of the laid city, amongft whom the Ihc riffs of the faid city for the time being do prefide :

And whereas we conceive it would tend to the benefit and advantage of the faid city, if fuch perfons, who are cho-fen into the faid common-council out of the feveral guilds or corporations of this city, (hould be changed, and new de£tions made of them once in every three years, by which change a greater number of the citizens cf the faid city might come into the faid places, and be en-trufted with the management of the affairs of the faid city.

We do hereby order, eflablifh, and declare. That the The cotnmon-common-council of the faid city (hall, for ever hereafter, council, confab of the faid lord mayor, and twenty-four aldermen, who, or any eight, or more of the faid aldermen, with the lord mayor, (hall continue ftill to fit apart by them-felvcs ; and alfo of the fheriffs of the faid city for the « time being, who are to prefide amongft the reft of the common-council of the faid city, as hath been formerly accudomed, and alfo of fuch who are commonly called flieriffs-peers, not exceeding forty-eight perfons, within the faid city, and of ninety-fix other perfons to be chofen out of the feveral guilds or corporations of the (aid city, from which they have been formerly chofen, which faid perfons to be chofen ( out of the faid guilds or corporations (hall enjoy their faid places of common-council-men only for three years from the time of their ele6tions: and to that end, we do hereby order and eftablifh, that the feveral guilds or corporations of this city, out of which any perfons are to be ufually chofen to be of the common council of the faid city, fometime within the month of November nent enfuing, and fo from time to time within every month of November, which lhail for ever hereafter be, at the end of every three years from the end of the month of November next enfuing the date hereof, (hall elect and nominate double the number of perfons ufually chofen out of each fuch guild or corporation into the common-council of this eky, and, by the matters and wardens of each fuch guild or corporation,

- (hall

Digitized by LjOOQle

*c>4

m death OCTC-uonl iu il*j -years odtiri cbflfm, for remainder.

•n nejfleA of guild, mayor and aldiTincn m*j dc£L

*tbe tmonfyffib Ycmt if Charles tl. . ftall Cwnctmr within foch' jnodi of November prefent the names of the iaid perfons fo elected to the lord mayor of this city for the time' being, who is hereby authorized and required in the prefence of one of the fherifis, and eight of the aldermen, before the twenty-fourth day of December then next enfuing, to elect out of the persons, whole names {hall be fb presented, the number-of perfons ufrxaSy Serving in tlte common-council of the laid city, for each fach guild or corporation re-fpcfthfly; which £nd periods to prefented and ek&cd, (hall be, by virtue of that dc&ion, for three years then next enfiiing, and no longer, of the number of the cum* moos or ccmmon-conncO of the hud city; and in cafe any of the hud peribns, fo prefcoted or elected as afore-hud, (hall happen to die, or for any lawful caufe to be itiumd during the hud three years, then and in fuck cafe the guild or corporation, out of which fuch perfon fo dying or removed was ek&ed, fhall forthwith prefent two other perfons to the IotJ mayor of this city for the time being, out of whom the lord mayor, in the prefence of one of the fheriffs and eight of the aldermen, (hall* choofc one wlio (hall ferve in the common-council of the, laid city, daring the remainder of the three years, for which iuch perfon fo dying or removed fhould have ferved therein: and that all ami every the perfons of the afore-iaid corporations and guilds fo to be nominated, .prefented, and defied before the twenty-fourth day of December next, and fo from three years to three years as aforelaid, or in the place of any perfon fo dyiny as aforefaid, together with the (aid (herifis-peers, or the greater number of them that (hall be from time to time aJTcmbled (fo aa there.be always forty or more of them prefent) be, and they only are hereby authorized from and after the twenty-fourth day of December next, to frt, vote, and act in the general quarter and other aflembhes, as the, commons of the (aid city : and in cafe any of the Bad guilds, or corporations of the (aid city, (hall negle& or refufe, within the times herein above limitted, to and nominate the perfons above-mentioned, or that the mafter and wardens of any of the laid guilds or corporations (hall fail to return the names of the perfons by them to be prefented, as lit perfons to be of the common-council of the Cud city, in fuch manner, and at fuch times, as herein is above limitted and appointed, or that any of the perfons fo nominated, prefented, or elected, (ball refufe to ferve as members of the fajd commons or common-council, that then, and iq fuch cafe, the lord mayor and' aldermen of the laid city, or ufual quorum of them, are thereupon authorized and required fomeumc between the

fcft

Digitized by f^-ooQle

Tift t'wtmty-fftb Timr cf Ckrirt IL	jjqj

laft day of November and the twenty-frmth of Decent

ber next enfuing, and alfb Cometkpc after the hit day of

November and before the twenty-fourth day of December,

which (hall be at the end of every three yearn after the

twenty-fourth day of December next ; to clod: out of

th^ corporations or guilds ib failing, finch number of

pcdbna as hath been accnftpinai to fienre for ftich gu3d

or corporation in the coouppn^nubl of the bid city;

and that fuch perfoos fi> tk&cd by the lord mayqr Had

aldermen, in. manner a; afordaid, be and arc hottjr ap*

pointed to be of the number of the laid couowm, or

common-council of the faid city, for throe yean next en-

jfuing fuch ele&ion, all the bid perfoot lb dnded to bt

of the common council of the faid ciu firfl: taking the

baths hereby appointed to be adnuniftered unto, them ;

which oaths the lord mayor of the hud city for the turn

being is hereby authorised and required to admiutftrr onto

them ; and that no other paftm or pedbn from and after

the foid twenty-fourth day of Decanhrr next be of the

commons of the laid city, bcfidcs the fheriSs of the bid

city for the time being, who are. bill to profide arooogft the

laid commons, and the bid fhen&pnem, and the bad

ninety-fix perfbns from the find ftveral pwporauoas ib

to be prefented and defied before the twenty-fourth day

of December next, and fo from three years to throe

years as aforeiaid, or in the pface of any pczfto fo dying

or removed as aforefaid, and the bid perfbns in their

default fo to be ele&ed by the lord mayor and aldranen-

as aforefiaid, who only are from time to time after the

twenty-fourth day of December next to be the commons of

the laid city, in fuch manner and form as afocefiid, and

if any perfon, pretending himfclf to be one of the com- Pretender* dtf-

mons of the laid city, (hall after the twenty-fourth day of fraaadakd.

December next, prrfume to fit and vote as a commoner,

.before'lie (hall be elc&cd in manner and form aforefaid, he ihall thereupon immediately be disfianchiiVd by the lord mayor and aldermen of tfie laid city, or the ufual querum of them.	1

Provided that this rule (hall not debar or binder the Humber may |ord mayor, aldermen, and comroobHxranctl of this city, be&krrrd; from exercifing tfie power tiiat tiiey have formerly ufed of altering or changing the number of any cosnmon-coun-cil-men uiually ferving for any corporation, and of diftri-buting the fame amoaglt any other corporations, that now are or liereafter Ihall be in this city: fo as the fo«the whole whole number of perfons, to be chofen out of all thenot a*KXTC 9®* faid corporations, do not exceed the fifid number of ninety fix perfons; and fo as a}l the faid perfon* be prefented ■	and

Digitized by v^-ooQle

*e$

Fifth. * Foreigners, icc. paying sos, free, during refidepce;

And defined dcaiacM,

Taking the takhs.

an«l paying the chkrge*.

The twentyfftb Tear of Charles IL and flexed in fuch manner, and at fuch timet, a* if herein above mentioned.

Fifthly, That all foreigners, ft rangers, and aliens, as well others as proteftants, who are or (hall be merchants, traders, artizans? artificers, feamen, or otherwifo Drilled and exercifcd in any myftery, craft, or trade, or in the working or making any manufa£lure, or in the art of navigation , who are at prefent reading and inhabiting within-the faid city of Dublin, or who (hall at any time hereafter come into the faid city, with intent and refolutios there to inhabit, refide and dwell, fhall upon his or their reafonable fait or requeft made, and upon payment down or tender of twenty (hillings by way of fine, unto the lord mayor and common-council, or other perfons authorized to admit and make freemen in the faid city, be admitted a freeman of the faid city, and, if he or they (hall defire it, of all or any guild, brotherhood, fociety, or fellowship of any trade, craft or other myftery within the fame, during his or their refidence for the mod part, and his and their families conftant inhabiting within this kingdom, and no longer ; and fhall have, excrcife, and enjoy all privileges and immunities of trading, working, buying, and felling, in as large and ample manner as any freeman of the faid city might have, exerdfe, or en* joy by virtue of his or their freedom ; and that every fuch perfon or perfons, who (hall be admitted to be free as aforefaid, (hall from thenceforth be deemed, efteemed, and taken, and be denizen and denizens within this kingdom: any taw, ftatute, charter, ufage or cuftom of this kingdom, or of the (aid city, to the contrary in any wife nctwithilanding.

Provided always, That all fuch ft rangers artificers and others, to be admitted freemen as aforefaid, (hall take the oath of allegiance to our fovereign lord the King, hi* heirs and fucceffors, and alfo fuch other oaths as are ac-cuftomably taken by all or any freemen, or members cf the faid city, or by all or any the members of any fuch guild, or brotherhood, fociety, or foliowfhip of the trade, craft, or other myftery, which he or they fhall occupy, or exercife, in cafe he or they fhall defire to be incorporated into any fuch guild, brotherhood, fociety, or follow-fhip aforefaid, and (hall pay all fuch and like charges, at all freemen his Majefty’s fubje&s cf the like trade, craft, or myftery, fhall or do ufo to pay, and no other, or more: and that if the lord mayor and common-council, or other perfons authorized as aforefaid within the faid city, or any mafter, warden, or other govemour of my brotherhood, fociety* or feUowfhip, or any trade, craft, or myftcty

within

Digitized by

Google

The timntj-fifth Tear ef Charles IT.	*©7

within the (aid city, fhall refufe to admit any fuch (jbingcr, Porfons refuf-being a merchant, trader, artificer, artizari, workman or ing to admit feaman, refiding or coining into this kingdom with intent them diafran-as aforefaid, to be a freeman of the laid city, or to be a “ edj brother or member of any brotherhood, Society, or fellow-fiiip within the lame j all fuoh perfons fo refilling to admit fuch ft ranger* as aforelaid mall upon complaint, and due proof made of fuch refufal, before the lord lieutenant, or other ohief governour or governours, and council of this kingdom, be by their order disfranchised, and from thenceforth incapable (without their licence) of being a freeman or member of the laid city ; and every fuch and they deem-granger being a merchant, trader, artificer, artizan, work-c<* free, man, or feaman, upon tender by him made of twenty fhillings, by way of fine as aforefaid, and taking the oath of allegiance before any jufticc of peace of the county of Dublin, (who is hereby authorized and appointed to ad-minifter the (aid oath) (hall thereupon, by virtue hereof, be deemed, reputed, and taken, to all intents and purposes, to be a freeman or member of the faid city, and of the brotherhood, fociety, or fellowihip of any trade, craft or myftery, where he or they fhall be denied admif-lion as aforefaid 5 and from thenceforth have, exercife, and enjoy the liberty and privilege of trading, working, buying or felling of any commodities whatfoever, in as large and ample maimer, as if he had been admitted a freeman of the faid city, a brother or member of fuch brotherhood, fociety or fellowihip of any trade, craft, or myftery within the fame, taking the ufiial oaths of fuch freemen, brothers, or members ; which oaths any one jufticc of peace of the faid county of Dublin fhall have power to adminifter, and paying all fuch charges as aforelaid ; any law, cuftom, charter or ufage to the contrary in apy wife qotwithftanding. And in cafe any perfon or perfons (hall Perfons inter* give any interruption or difturbance to any fuch ftranger, hipting them being a merchant, trader, artificer, artizan, workman or didranchikd. feaman as aforefaid, to the hindering him ia his trading, working, buying or felling aforefaid, contrary to the intent and meaning hereof; all and every fuch perfon pnd perfons fo offending fhall upon like complaint and proof made of his or their offence therein, before the lord lieutenant, or other chief governour or governours and council of this kingdom for the time being, be by their order disfranchised, and from thenceforth incapable, without their licence, of being a freeman or member of the laid city..

And

Digitized by

Google

Tb* t'wtniy fifth T$4ir if Charles II.

Thrf? rule* And, thefts our rules* prckrs ami directions, we da pcTpctv?)., hereby order and eftabiiih £or ever hereafter to. continue .	in	force	within tjhe faid city of Dublin* and within the

corporations thereofj enrolled in chan- And that the fame be. forthwith iurolled in the n>II» ccrT*	of	his	Majefty’a high-court of chancery in this king-

dom.

Given at the council-chamber in Dublin, the four and twentieth day of September^ 1673,

Ja, Amaoamis, Mich. Dublin, Cane, Conway 8c Kffulta, Maflareene,	Hen. Midenfis,	Fran,

Aungier, Art. Forbcfe, Jo. Byfle, Will. Steward, Fra. Hamilton,	H. I'ngoldefby,	Theo,

Jones, A. Chichefter, Char. Meredyth,

God five the King,

Digitized by CjOOQle

¥5# twenty -fifth Year of Charles IT.

\? •

By the Lord Lieutenant and Council*	.	: i

» t Rules, Orders and Directions, made and eftabijihed by us,	y	i

the I^ord Lieutenant and Council, for the better regu- * bating the Corporation of the Town of Drogheda* and •■ the eledf ing of Magiftrates and Officers there. .

ESSE?.	.

"TXTPJEREAS in and by one a& of Fariiaiqeiit lately * ,, ^ i* C.

Vy made in tliis kingdom, iqtitqled. An Ad for tbetx-flat/ung cf j{,mt doubts aripng upon anutl, intituled, An Ad for the better ixecation of bis Majefty*s grant oh s declaration for the fettlemenf rf bis kingdom of Ireland, and fatisfaflio* of tbo fevered interefls of adventurers, foldiers, and other bis fubjedt , there; and for making fome alterations of and additionj unto the ,

J'aid ad for the mor* Jpeedy and effeftial fettlement of the fetid kingdom; it is an)ongft other things therein contained, enacted, “ That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the lord 44 lieutenant, or other chief gqvernour or govempijr^ find ** council of Ireland for the time being, from time to time*

*	am} at all times to come, during the fpace of feven years*

^ to be accounted from the nine and twentieth day of Sep-44 tember one thoufand fix hundred fixty five, to make and •

44 eftablifti fucb rules, orders and directions for the better re-	?

M gulating of all cities* walled towns and corporations* both »

H new ana old, and ' fuch as (hall be created within this kingdom, and the clewing of magiftrates and officers there*

*	and to inflift fuch penalties for the breach thereof a# they • in their wifdoms (hall think (ft 5 fo as the penalties for the <

44 breach of the rules, orders, and directions to be made,

44 touching fuch corporations, do not extend farther than to * f.1 the removal and disfranchifement of fuch perfons as (hall f4 be found guilty of the breach thereof; and fuch rules Qf-44 ders and dire&iaijs, fo to be made 35 afojxfaid, (hall be as • f4 gpqd and effc&ual in law, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had been fpecially and particularly dlablilhed by 44 authority of this prefent parliament, and (hall remain* •

44 contiuue, and abide in force for fuch and fo long time as H in the faid rules, orders,, and directions (hall be limited and appointed : any thing in the faid aft or otherwife to the 4* contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding;”

We the lord lieutenant and council, in purfuance of the r*jc, Car laid aft, and the authority thereby given unto us, have Drogheda, thought fit to make and eftablilh, and we do hereby make and eftablifh the additional rules* orders and directions here-Yol. If.	Q	after

Digitized by

Google

$1*	7he twenty-fifth Tear of Charles II.

after mentioned, for the better regulating of the corporation of the town of Drogheda, and the elc&ing of the magistrates and officers there.

rtrftiule.	For the avoiding of fuch tumults and diforders,

* wherewith popular eledions of magift rates are often attended, we do hereby order and dired, that for ever hereafter the mayor, fhcriff, recorder, town-clerk, and all other officers of the faid town of Drogheda, (hall be ele&edand cho-fen only by the mayor, and (heriffs, and common-council of the {aid town, or the greater number of the votes of fuch of the common-council of the faid town, a3 (hall be preftnt on the days whereon fuch eledions are or ought to be ufualiy made; and that no freeman of the (aid town, or other per-fon, who (hall not be of the common-council of the faid town, (hall at any time hereafter have any vote in the election of any mayor, (heriffs, recorder or town-clerk, or other officers in the faid town of Drogheda ; and that no matter or thing, in any wife relating to the affairs of the faid town,

' (hall be hereafter propounded or debated in the Tholfcl, or any affembly of the (aid town, until the fame (hall have firfi paft the common-council of the (aid town; and that the perfons offending againfl this rule, (hall be disfranchifed by the mayor and common-council of the faid town; any law, ufage or cuftom of the laid town, to the contrary in any wile notwithftanding.

Second rule. ' Secondly, That all foreigners, ft rangers and aliens, as well others as proteftants, who are of (hall be merchants, traders artizans', artificers, Teamen, or otherwise (killed and exercifcd in any rtyftery, craft, or trade, or in the working or making any raanufa&ure, or in the art of navigation, who are at prefent refiding and inhabiting within the faid town of Drogheda, or who (hall at any time hereafter come into the faid town, with intent and resolution there to inhabit, rtfidt, and dwell, (hall upon his or their reafonable fuit or requeft made, and upon payment down, or tender of twenty fhilllings, by way of fine, unto the chief magiftrate or magiftrates and common-council, or other perfons authorized to admit and make freemen in the faid to<*n, be admitted a freeman of the faid town ; and, if he or they fhaJJ defire it, of all or any guild, brotherhood, fociety or fellowfhip of any trade, craft, or other myftery within the fame, during his or their refidence for the moft part, and his and their families conftant inhabiting within the {aid town, and no longer ; and (hall have, exercife and enjoy all privileges and immunities of trading, ' buying, working and felling, in as large and ample manner as any freeman of the faid town might have, exercife, or enjoy, by virtue of his or their freedom \ and that every fuch nerfon or perfons, who (hall be admitted to be freer as afore-

* fafl,

\

Digitized by LjOOQle

The twenty-fifth Tear of Charles II.	2	n

fhid, (hall from thenceforth be deemed, eftcemed and taken, and be denizen and denizens within this kingdom ; any law, ftatute, charter, ufage or coftom of this kingdom, or. of any city, Vailed town, or corporation of the fame, to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

Provided always, That all fuch ftrangers artificers and others, Strangers to be admitted freemed as aforefnid, (hall take the oath of^^nfi'chc allegiance to our fovereign lord the King/ his heirs and fuc-deffors, and alfo fuch other oaths as are accuftoinably taken by all or any freeman, or members o'f the faid town, or by all or any the members of any fuch guild, or brotherhood, fg-ctety, or fellowfhip of the trade, craft, or other myftery, which he or they fhall occupy, 6r exercife, in cafe he or they (hall and paying wefire to be incorporated into any fych guild, brotherhood, ch*rg«K fociety, or fellowship aforefai i; and fhall pay all fuch and like charges, as all freemen his ‘Majefty’s fubjt&s pf the like trade, craft, or my ft cry, fhall or do tife to pay, and no* other or more : and that if the chief magiftrate' cr magif-trates, or other perfons authorized as aforefaid, of the laid town, or any mafter, warden, or other governour pf any brotherhood, fociety, or fellowfhip, or any trade, craft, or Perfons refuf-myflery within the faid town, (hall refufe to admit any	*

fuch ftranger, being a merchant, trader, artificer, aartizan, ra 1 c^* ; workman or feaman, refidrng or coming into this kingdom* with intent as aforefaid, to be a * freeman df the fail town** or to be a«brother or member of any brotherhood, fociety,. or fellowfhip within the fame, every fuch chief magiftrate or * jnagiftrates, mailer, warden, or other governours refpec-tively, fhall (upon complaint and due proof made of fuch refufal before the lord lieutenant or othet chief g oVemour or govemours, and council of this kingdom (be by their order disfranchifed, and flora thenceforth incapable (with-out their licenfe) of being a freeman or member of the faid and the ftran-town: and every fuch ftranger being a merchant, trader, ?cr' artificer, artizan, workman or feaman, upon tender by c* him made of twenty fhillings, by way of a fine as aforefaid, and taking the oath of allegiance before any juftice of peace of the county of L»owth, (who is hereby required, authorized and appointed to adminiiter the faid oath) fhall thereupon, by virtue hereof, be deemed, refuted and taken, to all intents and purpofes, to be a freeman or member of the faid town, and of the brotherhood, fociety, or fellowfhip of any trade, craft or myflery, where he or they fhall be denied admiffion as aforefaid ; and thenceforth have, exercife, and enjoy the liberty and pri-viledge of trading, working, buying or felling of any commodities whatfoever, in as large and ample manner, as if be had been admitted a freeman of the faid town, a bro-r	O	2	ther

Digitized by f^-ooQle

21 2

Perfoot dif-Sorbing them ditfranchifed.

l

To continue for ever.

(moiled in chancery.

77m tivtuty-fifib Ytar #/* Charles II. ther or member of fucK brotherhood, fociety or fellawfltip of any trade, craft, or myflery within the lame, taking the ufual oaths of fuch freeman, brothers, or members; which oaths any juftice of peace of the (aid county of Lowth (hall have power to adminiller; and paying afl fuch charges as aforefaid; any law, cuflom, charter or ulage, to the contrary notwithftanding: and in cafe any perion or perfons (hall give any interruption or diftur-bance to any fuch (I ranger, being a merchant, trader, artificer, artizan, workman or fpaman, as afordaid, to the hindering him in his trading, working, buying or felling as aforefaid, contrary to the intent and Tneamng hereof, afl and every fuch peiioo and perfons fo offending'flail, upon like complaint and proof made of hi* Of their offence therein before the lord lieutenant, or other chfef gover-nour or governours and council of this kingdom for the time being, be by their order disfranchised, and frou^ thenceforth incapable, without their lscenfe, of being mad^ a freeman qr member of the bid town.

And thefe our additional rules, orders, and dire&ions, we do hereby order and eftablifh for ever hereafter to continue in force within the laid town of .Drogheda, and within the corporations thereof. And that the fame be forthwith Enrolled in the rolls of his Majefty'l high Couyt of Chancery in this kingdom.

Givep at the Council Chamber in Dublin, ihe fik and twentieth'day of September, 16*72.

Ja. Armachanus. Mich. Dublin. Cane* ConWay $ KHulta, Maflereerie, Hen. Midenjis, Fran. Aungicr, Art. Forbefc, Jo. Byfle, Will. Steward, Fran. Ha* rail ton, Hen. Jngoldefby, Theo/ Jones, Arth. Chi-chefter, Char. Meredyth. * ' " *	“

* • * 1 • a	\	*	•	*	•

pod faye the KING.



Digitized by L^ooQle

' The tnventy-ftfth Tear of Charles II.	2lj

By the Lord Lieutenant and Council,

Rules, Orders, and Diredions, made and eflablifhed by us the Lord Lieutenant and Council, for the better regulating the Corporation of the City of Limerick, and the ekding of Magiftratea and Officers there.

ESSEX.,

WHEREAS in and by one aft of Parliament, lately 17 and tp made in this kingdom, intituled, An Ad for tbs <?•*•*• explaining of form doubts artjing upon an ad, intituled. An ad for the better execution of bis Majefty's gracious declarationfor the fettlement of his kingdom of Ireland, and fatisfadion of the fevtral inter efts of adventurers, fouldiers, and other bis fubjeds there ; andfor making fame alterations of, and additions unto the faid ad, for the more fpeedy and effedual fettlement of shefaid kingdom; it is amongft other things therein contained, enaded, u That it /hall and may be lawful to and 44 for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governour or go-44 vernours and council of Ireland* for the time being, from “ time to time, and at all times to come, during the fpace of “ feven years, to be accompted from the nine and twentieth M day of September one thouland fix hundred fixty-five, to “ make and eflablifh fuch rules, orders and directions, for “ the better regelating of all cities, walled towns and cor-potations, both new and old, and fuch as fhall be created 44 within this kingdom, and the eleding of magiitrates and ** officers there, and to inflid fuch penalties for the breach “ thereof, as they in their wifdoms mall think fit; fo as the ** penalties for breach of the rules, orders and directions 44 to be made, touching fuch corporations, do not extend 44 farther than to the removal and disfranchifement of fuch “ perforis, as fhall be found guilty of the breach thereof:

44 and fuch rules, orders and directions, fo to be made as 44 aforefaid, fhall be as good and effedual in law, to all “ intents and purpofes, as if the fame had been fpeciaQyand u particularly eflablifhed by authority of this prefent Parlia-“ blent, and fhall remain, continue, and abide in force, for 44 fuoh and fo long time as in the faid rules, orders, and di-44 re&ions fhall be limkted and appointed ; any thing in the 44 faid ad, or otherwife to the contrary thereof in any wife,

44 notwithftanding 1”

We the lord lieutenant and council, in purfuance of die Rule* for corv faid ad, and the authority thereby given unto us, have thought fit to make and eftablifh, and we do hereby make

and

Digitized by

Google

7‘b; trx;Tiy-f.ftb Ytar *f Charles U. tad elLUilh the rules, orders and dire&ions hereafter mentioned, for -the better regulating of the corporation of the fin'd city cf Limerick, and the ele&ing of magiftrates and officers there.

Firfli Tiiat upon all ele£Hons to be hereafter made after the lad day of October next, of any perfon or perfons to fenre in any of the offices of mr.yor, (heriffs, recorder or town-clerk of the feid corporation, tlie names of the perfons, fo clewed to fevvc in the faid feveral offices, (hall be by the faid corporation forthwith prefented to the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors^ and the privy council of this kingdom, to be approved of by them ; and the faid perfons fo elected for any the faid offices (hall be for ever here* after incapable of ferving in the faid feveral offices or any of them, until they (hall be refpedtively approved of by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors and the privy council of this kingdom, by order under their hands ; and m cafe the perfons, or any of them, whofe names (hall be fo prefented to the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or govemours and council of this kingdom, (hall not be fo approved of within ten days after their names (hall be fo prefented, then and in fuch cafe the faid corporation (hall, from time to time proceed to a new ele&ion of fit perfons, for the faid refpe&ive offices, for which the perfons fo prefented (haU not be fo approved of, and (hall in like manner prefent their names, to the faid lord lieutenant, or other chief governour or govemours and privy council of this kingdom, until they (hall have ctiofen fuch perfons for the faid refpe&ive offices, as fhall be fo approved of as afbrefaicL

And that all the faid officers that are annually chofen in the faid city into the faid offices, or any of them, (haU be firft ele&ed for the faid refpe&ivc offices on the Monday next enfuing Midfummer-day yearly, and to enter upon the exertion of their refpe£tive offices on fuch davs as hath been formerly accuftomed, to the end that there may be. fhf&cicnt Ume betweefi fuch* their ete^icn and their entering upon the execution of tlieir faid refpeftiy^bffices, for the obtaining of the approbation of the lord lieutenant, or otherchief govtrnour or gescriiours and council of this kingdom, and for the making of new elections in the places of fuch who (hall not be fo approved of.

: Provided always. That this rule (hall not extend to the ejection of any perfons that (hall be ele&ed in the place of any of- the laid officers annually chofen, who (hall die within the year of their execution of the laid refpe&ive offices, or within One month before they are to enter upon the execution thereof.

. .	Secondly,

Digitized

by Google

The twenty-fifth Tear of Charles II.	.	215

' Secondly, That no perfon or perfofls, that (hall b* here- Second rule, after ele&ed cither mayor, recorder, fheriffs, treafurer, aldermen, town-clerk, or one of the common-council within the laid city or corporation, or mailer or war* to take the oaths dens of any corporation, guild, or fraternity within the *	1.

laid city or corporation, (hall be capable of holding, enjoying, or executing any the laid offices, places, or employ- 3 W. and M. ments, until he or they Hujl have taken the oath of fupre- * ***• a"fb” macy, eftabiilhcd by ad of Parliament 2 do Elizabetha ina^9 this kingdom, and the oath of allegiance, befides the oaths ufually taken upon the admifiion of any perfons into the faid refpe&ive offices, places, or employments; and alfo this enfuing oath* viz*

1 A. B. do declare and belie ve, That it is not lawful, upon 4 G. 1. 3. any pretence what favor > to take arms againft the King ; taken away, and that 1 do abhor that traitorous poftion of taking arms by bis authority" againfi his perfon, or again/} tbofo that are commijjtoned by him.	*

So help me GOD•

The faid oaths to be taken before fuch perfon or perfons as (hall admit them to the faid fevcral offices, places, and employments (who are hereby impowered, authorized and required to adminiller to them die laid oaths) and upon any fuch perfon or perfons refuial to take the laid oaths, the‘ ele&ion of fuch perfon or perfons into any the faid offices, places, or employments is hereby declared to be abfolutely null and void ; fuch perfons only excepted, with whole taking the faid oath of fupremacy, the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being for fome particular reafons lhall think fit, by writing under his or their hand, by name to difpenfe.

Thirdly, For the avoiding of fuch tumults and diforders. Third rule, wherewith popular ele&ions of magiflrates are often attended, we do hereby further order and direct, that for ever hereafter, the mayor, fheriffs, recorder, town-clerk, and all other officers of the laid city of Limerick, lhall be elected and chofen only by the mayor, fheriffs, and common-council of the faid city of J^imerick, or the greater number of the votes of. fuch of the common-council of the faid city of Limerick, as lhall be prefent on, the days whereon fuch ele&ions are or Qught to be ufually made; and that no freeman of the laid city, or other perlon who lhall not be* of the commoiv-councii of the faid city, lhall at any time hereafter have any vote in the ele&ion of any mayor, fheriffs, recorder, or town-clcrk, or other officers in the laid city cf Limerick ; and that no matte: or thing in any wife relating to the affairs of the faid city, lhall be’kcwaficr propounded

or

Digitized by

Google

ti6	The	twnty-jiflb	Yemt 1/ Charles II.

or iehtri in any dear-hundred or general affembly of the feid city* until the fame fhaH have firfl pad the commoa-eouncil of the laid city ; and that the perfons offending againft this rule (hall be disfranchifed by the mayor ana cQStmon-cfeubcil of the faid eity ; any law, ufage, or , cuftom of the feid city to the contrary in any wile not-withftanding.

Jgmih rale. Fourthly ^ That all foreigners, ftrangers, and aliens, as well others as proteftants, who are or fhall be merchants, traders, artizans, artificers, fcamen, or otherwife (killed Foreigner*, and exerctfed in any my fiery, craft, or trade, or in the traders, Ac. working or making .any martufedUre, or in the art of navigation, who are at prefent reftding and inhabiting wkhin the faid city of Limerick, or who fhall at any time hereafter come into the faid city; With intent and refohitioa there to inhabit, refide and dwell, (hall upon his or their reafonable futt or requeft made, and upon payment down or tender of twenty (hillings by way of fine, unto the chief magifljrate or magistrates and common-council, or other perfons authorized to admit and make freemen in the laid ckyi. be admitted a freeman of the faid city, and, if he or 9 they fhall defire it, of all or any guildi brotherhood, foctet^ or fcllowfhip of any trade, craft or other myftery wrthia the fame, during his or their refidence for the mod part, and his and their families conftamt inhabiting within the faid city, and no longer 5 and* fhall have, exerdfc, and * enjoy all privileges arid immunities of trading, buying, working, and felling, in as large and ample manner as any freeman of the faid city might have, exercife, or enjoy by virtue of his or their freedom ; and thst every filch perfon or perfons, who fhall be admitted to be ftee \ as afordaid, fhaft from thenceforth be deemed, efteerned, and taken, and be denizen and denizens within this king-. dom^atiy hrw, ftattrtc, charter, ufage or cuflom df tins kingdom, or of any city, walled town, or corporation of the fame, to the contrary in arty wife notwithilanding.'

Provided always, That all fuch ftrangers artificers and others, to he admitted freemen a3 aforefaid, fhall take fee oath of allegiance to Oilr* foverrign ford the King, hi* heirs and fucceflbrs, and alio fuch dther ^oaths asareac-cuftoraably taken by all or atiyTrtetr.cn, or members, of the faid city, or by aHor any the members of any faeh guild, or brotherhood, focfcty,1 or fcllowfhip of the trade, craft, or other mvftcty, winch he or they fhall occupy* or exercife, in cafe be or they fhall defire to be incorpo* ratedfoto any fuch guild, brotherhood, fodety, or fefiow-flip aforefeid, and fhall pay all foch and like charges, at ill freemen his Majefty’s fubjeCts of the like trade, craft,

u

4

Digitized by v^ooQle

9%e fauenty-fifth Tear of Charles H.	*17

or myftery, (hall cm- do u(e topay, and no othcfr, or rirofe: and that if the chief magiftrate or magiftfates, or other perfons authorized as aforefaid of the faidcity, or any xmdtd\ warden,* or other ghyernour oPariy1 brotherhood, fociety, or * fcBowfhip, or any trade, dtift, Sr myftery within the (aid city, (had refufe to a^mtf apy fiich ftrangfcr, being a merchant, trader, artificer artizan, workman ‘or feaman, refiding or coming into’ this kingdom with intent as aforefaid, to be a freeman of the faid city, Or to be a brother or member of any brotherhood, fociety, or fellow-ihip within the fame, every fiich chief magiftrate or ma-giftrates, mafter, wardens, or other govemours refpe&ively,

(hall upon complaint and due proof made of fuch refufal before the lord lieutenant, or other chief govemour or gover-nours, and council of this kingdom, be by their order,disfranchized, and from thenceforth incapable (without their licence) of being a freeman or member of the (aid city ; and every fuch ft ranger being a merchant, trader, artificer, artizan, workman, or feaman, upon' tender by him made of twenty (hillings, by way of fine as aforefaid, and taking the oath of allegiance before any juftice of peace of the county of Limerick, (who is hereby authorized and appointed to ad-Tninifter the laid path) (haft thereupon, by virtue hereof, be deemed, reputed* and tafce% tq aU intents and pur-pofea, to be g freeman or n^epaber of the laid city, and pf tl|e brotherhood, fociety, pyr feQo^dhip of any trade, craft on inyftoyi wfcrre^e of .&fiy fhajlbe1 denied adrnif-fion as 'aforefaid ; and thenceforth have, exercife, and . enjoy the liberty and privilege of trading, working, buying or felling of any commodities whatsoever, in as large and ample manner, as if he had been admitted a freeman of the faid city, a brother or member of fuch brotherhood, fociety or fellowfhip of any trade, craft, or myftery within the lame, - taking the ufual oaths of fuch freemen, brothers, or members, which oaths any one juftice of peace of the faid county of Limerick (hall have power to adminiiier, and paying all fuch charges as aforefaid 5 any law, cuftom, charter or ufage to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding : and in cafe any perfon or perfons (hall Perfo« «ter-give any interruption or diftorbance to any fuch ftranger,	^IJL

being a merchant, trader, artificer, artizan, workman orf^^ki?^ ^ feaman as aforefaid, to the hindering him in his trading, working, buying or felling as aforefaid, contrary to the in*

£ent and meaning hereof $ all and every fuch perfon and * perfons fo offending fhall upon like complaint and proof made of his or their offence therein, before the lord lieutenant, or other chief govemour or governours and council of this kingdom for the time being, be by

their

Digitized by v^ooQle

2iS	.Tit*	t'wtntyfifih	Tear	%f	Charles II.

. their order disfranchised, and from thenceforth mespaUe, without their licence, of being made a freeman or member of the laid city.

And thele our rules, orders and directions, we do pcrpc- k^^y 0^^ *nd eftabli/h for ever hereafter to continue in force within the laid city of Limerick, and within the corporations thereof; and that the fame be forthwith inrolled in the rolls of his Majeity’s high-court of chancery in this kingdom.

Given at the council-chamber in Dublin, the three aid twentieth day of September, 1672.

Ja. Armacanua. Mich. Dublin, canc. Drogheda Arran. Conway & Kilulta. Maflareene. Hen. Midenfis. Fran. Aungier. Art. Forbefe, Jo. ByfTe. Rob. Byron. Will. Steward. Hen. In-goldefby. Thco. Jones, Char. Meredyth.

God fave the King*

,

** ’

Bv

Digitized by Google

*i9

fbi tkoentj fifth Tear of Charles II.

By tha Lord Lieutenant and Council,

Rules, Orders, and Direftions, made and eftabliihed by us the Lord Lieutenant and Council, for the better regulating of the Corporations of the Town of Galway, and the elefting of Magiftrates and Officers there.

ESSEX.

WHEREAS in and by one aft of Parliament, lately l7 * ,a made in this kingdom, intituled. An A3 for tbt ex- C. %. a. plaining of fomt doubts ariftng upon an aft, intituled. An aft for the better execution of his Majefty's gracious declaration for the fettlememt of his kingdom of Ireland, and fatisfaftion of the federal interefts of adventurers, fouldiers, and other his fuhjefts there; and for making Jome alterations of and additions unto the faid aft, for the more fpeedy and effectual fettlement of the faid kingdom; it is amongft other things therein contained, enafted, 44 That it (hall and may be “ lawful to and for the lord lieutenant, or other chief go-44 vernour or govemours and council of Ireland, for the 44 time being, from time to time, and at all times to come,

44 during the fpace of feven years, to be accounted from 44 the nine and twentieth day of September one thoufand , “ fix hundred fixty-five, to make and ellablifh fuch rules,

44 orders and direftions, for the better regulating of all “ cities, walled towns and corporations, bom new and old,

< “ and fuch as (hall be created within this kingdom, and the M elefting of magiftrates and officers there, and to.inflift “ fuch penalties for the breach thereof, as they in their 94 wifdom* (hall think fit; fo as the penalties for the breach 44 of the rules, orders and direftions to be made, touching “ fuch corporations, do not extend farther than to the re-44 moral and disfranchifement of fuch perfons, as (hall be found guilty of the breach thereof; and fuch rules, Orders * and direftions, fo to be made as aforefaid, (hall be as 44 good and effeftual in law, to all intents and purpofes, as 44 if the fame bad been fpecially and particularly efiablifh-“ ed by authority of this prefent Parliament, and (hall re-44 main, continue, and abide in force, for fuch and fo long * time as in the faid roles, orders, and direftions (hall be M limitted and appointed; any thing in the faid aft, or 14 otherWife to the contrary thereof in any wife, not with-" Handing:”

yit the lord lieutenant and council, in purfuance of the .RyJe^ for faid aft* and the authority thereby given unto U9, have corporation of thought fit to make and eflabliih, and we do hereby make Galw»r-

and

Digitized by

Google

sso

Met.

"v

ftaka.

The ¥*oaa}~fipb Toar of Charles If. and eftebltfh the roles, orders and directions hereafter men* tiooed, for the better regulating of the corporation of the foid town of Galway, and the ele&ing of magiftrates arid officers there.

Firfi, That opon all elcCHoos to lie hereafter made after ike (econd day of O&oher next, of any pc Hon or perfons to (Serve in ary of the offices of mayor, (heriffs, recorder. Or town-cirrk of the foid corporation, the names of the peribns, fo elrftrd to fcrre in the faid fever*] offices (halt bp by the faid corporation forthwith prefooted to the lord lieutenant Or other chief governor or governors, and the privy council Of this kingdom, to be approved of by them: and the (aid peifoos fo decked for any the foid offices, (hall be for ever hereafter incapable of (Serving in the (aid fcvcral offices or any of them, until they fltaU m refpe&ively approved of by the lord lieotenant, or other chief governor or governors and the privy ceased of this kingdom# by order under their hands ; and in cafe the parkins, or any of them; wbofo names (half be fo prefomed to the lord lieutenant, or other chief go.vernour or gover-Hours and council of this kingdom, (hall not be k> approved of witufo ten days after their names (hall be fo prdented, then and in fuch cafe, the faid corporation (hail, from time to time proceed to a new election of fit perfons, for the (bid idpedirr offices, for which the peribns fo presented (hall not be fo approved of, and (hall in like manner prdbfir t&cir names to the foid lord lieutenant, or other chief goveraour or governonrs and privy council of this Kingdom, until they ffidl have cbofoo foch perfons for the foid ref petti re offices, as (hall be fo approved of as afore-foid.

Provided always. That this rale fh*ll not extend to the eWrioo of any peribns that (hail be eleded fo the place of any of the faid officers anon ally chofon, who (ha)i die within the year of their execution of the faid lyfpeftre offices, or within one month before they are to enter upot the execution thereof.

. Secondly* That noperfon (hall hereafter be chofen warden of the foid town of Galway, hot fnch peripn as (hall be nominated to the foid office by t)ie ford lieutenant, or Other chief govemour or governqnra of this kingdom for the time being.

Thirdly, That no perfon or perfons that (hall hereafter be eleded cither mayor# recorder# fhcriffs, ireaforer*. aldermen, town-clerk, or one of the common-coupe# Within the foid town cr corporation, or matter or wardens of any corporation, guild, or fraternity within the (aid town or corporation, (hall be capable of holding, enjoying, or executing any the faid offices, places, pr employment^ until be or they (hail have taken the oath

Digitized by

Google -

ttetwaty-ftftb Year of Charles IL	911

of fnpremacy, eftablUhed by mEt of Pariument Jeemtdo 3 nr. ft J#; ^Elizabeths? in this kingdom* and the oath ofaliegiance, c. another befides the oaths ufoally taken upon the admiffion of any “A appointed, perform into the (aid vefpeftrve offices^ places or employments ; and alfo this editing oath,

I A. fi. do declare mnd belt rue, That it is sect lawful, 4 G. upon assy pretence whatjoover, to take arm agaiaft the Khtg; ukm and that I do abhor that traitorous pofition of taking arm by his authority againfi his perjom, or mgmsnfk theft that are com ftijjioned bybim.

So help me GOD.

The faid oaths to bo taken before fnch jperfop or perfons as (hall admit them to the faid fevend offices, places, .and employments (who are hereby irapowered.authorized and required to adminiiter to them the faid oaths) and upon any fuch perion or perfons refufol to take the (aid oaths, the eledion of fuch perfon or perfons into any the (aid offices, places, and employments is hereby declared to fc!e abfolutely null and void ; fuch perfons only excepted, with whofe taking the faid oath of fupremacy, the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time bc*ng, for fomc particular reafons < fhall think fit by writing under his or their hand, by name jo difpenfe.’

Fourthly, For the avoiding of fuch tumults and diforders. Rale 4* wherewith popular ele&ions of ipagiftrates and other officers art often attended ; we do hereby further order and dired, that for evef hereafter the mayor, (heriffs, recorder, town-clerk, and all other officers of the (aid town of Gallway,

(hall be eleded and chofen only by the mayor, (heriffs and common-council of the faid town, or the greater number of (he votes of fuch of the common-council of the (aid town, as foall be prefont on the days whereon fuch elections axe or ought to be ufually mat^e t and that no freeman of the (ail town, or other perfon $vbo (hall not be of the common-council of the faid town, (hall, at any brae hereafter, have any vote in theelc&ipnqf any mayor, {heriffs, recorder or town-clerk, or other officers in the (aid town of Gallway: and that no matter pr thing in any wife relating to the affairs of the faid town (hall be hereafter propounded or debated in the Tholfel, or any general affemhly of the faid town, undll the fame (hall have firft paifod the common-council of the (ail tQwn ; and that the perfoos offending againft this rule, (hall b« dUfranchifed by the mayor ana common-council of the (aid town 5 any law, ufage, or

Fifthly,

cuttom ot the laid notwithfiapdin^.

fcqyo to the contrary My wile.

'Digitized by

Google

ail	The	twenty-fifth Tear of Charles II.

Rale 5.	fifthly,	That all foreigners, Grangers, and aliens, si

tfcrangert, well others as proteftants, who are or (hall be merchants, merchant*, Ire. traders, artizans, artificers. Teamen, or ' otberwife IkiDed *nd exerciTed in any myftery, craft, or trade, or in the working or making any manufa&ure, or in the art of navigation, who are at prefent refiding and inhabiting within * the faid town of Gallway, or who lhall at any time here, after come into the faid town of Gallway, with intent and refolation there to inhabit, refide and dwell, ihall npon his or their reafonable fait or reqneft made, and upon pay* meat down or tender of twenty ihUlings by way of fine, unto the chief magiftrate or magiflrates and common-council, or other perfons authorized to admit and make freemen of the faid town of Gall way be admitted a freeman of the faid town of Gailway ; and if he or they Hull defire it, of all or any guild, brotherhood, iocuty, or fellowihip of any trade, craft or other myftery within the fame, during his or their refidenee for the rood part, and his and their families conliant inhabiting within the laid town of Gallwry, and no longer; and (hall have, exercife, and enjoy all privileges and immunities of trading, working, buying, and felling, in as large and ample manner as any freeman of the faid town of Galway might have, ex-ercife, or enjoy, by virtue of his or their freedom : and that every fuch perfon or perfons, who (hall be admitted to be free as aforefaid, ihall from thenceforth be deemed, efteem-ed, and taken, and be denizen and denizens within this kingdom ; any law, ftatute, charter, ufage or cuftom of this kingdom, or of any city, walled town, or corporation of the fame, to the contrary in any wife notwith-ftanding.

Strangers to Provided always, That all fuch ft rangers artificers and take oaths, tec. others, to be admitted freemen as aforeuid, ihall take the oath of allegiance to our fovereign lord the King, his heir* and fuccefiors, and alfo fuch other oaths as are accuftomi-bly taken by all or any freemen, or members of the {aid town of Gallway, or by all or any the members of any fuch guild, or brotherhood, fociety, or fellowihip of the trade, craft, or other myftery, whidi he or they ihall occupy, or exercife, in cafe he or they (hall defire to bs incorporated into any fuch guild, brotherhood, fociety, or fellowihip aforefaid, and ihall pay all fuch and like charges as all freemen his Majefty’s fubjetts of the like trade, craft or myftery, (hall or do ufe to pay, and no other, or more: and that if the chief magiftrate or magiftrates, or other per-Tons authorized a& aforefaid, of the laid town of Galtway, ofanymafter, warden, or other governour of any brother* Disfranchifc- k®0*1* fociety or Jellowftiip, or any ttade, craft, or myftery ment on refufti, within the laid town of Gallway, (hall refufe to admit any *c.	’	fuch

223

The twenty-fifth Year of Charles IL iuck ftrangers, being a merchant, trader, artificer, artisan, workman, or Teaman, refiding or coining into this kingdom with intent as aforefaid, to be a freeman of the faid town of Galway, or to be a brother or member of any brotherhood, fociety, or fellowfhip within the fame, every fuch chief magi (Irate or magiftrates, mailer, warden, or other governours refpe&ively,, (hail upon complaint and due proof made of fuch refuial before the lord lieutenant or other chief govemoar or governours, and council of this kingdom, be by their order disfranchifed, and from thenceforth incapable (without their licence) of being a freeman or ipeipber of the faid town : and every fuch flranger being a merchant, trader, artificer, ardzan, workman or fea-man, upon tender by him made of twenty (hillings by way of fine as afbre&id, and taking the oath of allegiance before any jufiice of peace of the county of Gallway,

(who is hereby authorized and appointed to adminifter the faid cath) (hall thereupon by virtue hereof be deemed, reputed and taken to all intents and purpofes, to be a freeman or member of the faid town of Gall way, and of the brotherhood, fociety, or fellowlhip of any trade, craft, or my fiery, where he or they (hall be denied admifiion as aforefaid y and from thenceforth have, exercife, and enjoy the liberty and priviledgeof trading, working, buying or falling of any commodities whatfoever, in as large ana ample manner, as if he had been admitted a freeman of faid town of Gallway, a brother or member of fuch brotherhood, fociety or fellowttiip of any trade, craft, or myftery within the fame, taking the ufual oaths of fuch freemen, brothers or members, (which oaths any one jufiice of peace of the faid county of Gallway (hall have power to adminifier) and paying all fuch charges as aforefaid y any law, cufiom, charter, or ufage to the contrary in any wife notwith-ftanding.

And in cafe any perfon or perfons (hall give any interrop- Perfous inter* tion or difiurbance to any fuch firanger, being a merchant, rnpting ftrang* trader, artificer, artizan, workman, or feaman as aforefaid, to ^wranchii-the hindering him in his trading, working, buying or felling *c# as aforefaid, contrary to the intent and meaning nereof, all and every fuch perfon and perfons fo offending, (hall, upon hke complaint and proof made of his or their offence therein before the lord lieutenant or other chief governour or governours and council of this kingdom for the time being, be by their order disfranchifed, and from thenceforth incapable, without their licenfe, of being made a freeman or member of the (aid town of Gallway.

And

Digitized by v^ooQle

X24	7%e	twmtrffib	Y**c ^Charles XI.

Unki pcvpc- A»d there our rule®, orders, and dieedido*. wt do hereby *****	Order	ab<f edabliih for . ever hereafter to condone in force

within the. faid town of Gallway, and within the corporations thereof; and that the lame be forthwith inrulled in the rollc of his Majcfty’s high court of Chanceqr in this kingdom.

Given at the council-chamber in Dublin, the three and twentieth day qf September, 167a.

ja. Anqachanus, Mich. Dublin, pane. Drogheda, Arran, Conway and Kilulta, Maflereene, Hen. Mi-denfn, Fran. Aungier, Aft. Forhefe, Jp. Byffe,. Rob. Byron, Will. Stewar4f H* Ingoldefhy, Jhep. Jones, Char. Nferedyth*

GOD {ave £ING.

Digitized by Google

tin twenty-fifth tear ^Charles II.	2*5

By the Lord Lieutenant and Council.

X.ules, Orders, and Directions, itiade and eftablifhed by ns the Lord Lieutenant and Council, for the better regulating the federal Cities, walled Towns, and Cor* porations of Cork, Waterford, Kinfale, Youghall,

Cafhell, Clonmell, Athlone, Londonderry, Carrick* forgus, Coleraine, Strabane, Charlemont, Trim, Dun*

• dalk, Kilkenny, Wexford, and Rofs, in the County of Wexford, and the electing of Magiftrates and Officers there.

ESSEX.

WHEREAS in and by one aft of Parliament, lately 17 and t9 C.

made in this kingdom, intituled. An A:tfor the *• *•

£Xplaining of feme doubts arifing upon an aQ, intituled. An dod for the better execution of bis Majefty's gracious declaration fbr the fettlement of bis kingdom of Ireland, andfatisfaftion of the feveral interejls of adventurers, fouUiers, and other bis fubjeds there; and for making feme alterations of, and additions unto the fold ad, for the more fpeedy and ejfsflual fettle-ment of the faid kingdom ; it is amongft other things therein contained, ena&ed, 44 That it lhall and may be lawful to 44 and For the lord lieutenant, or other chief governour or x 44 govemonrs and' councibof Ireland, for the time being,

44 from time to time, and at all times to come, during 44 the fpace of feven years, to be accounted from the nine * and twentieth day of September one thoufand fix hon-44 dred fixty fire, to make and eftablifh fuch rules, orders 44 and directions, for the better regulating of all cities,

44 walled towns and corporations, both new and old, and 44 fuch as fhall be created within this kingdom, and the ** electing of magiftrates and officers there, and to inflict 44 fuch penalties for the breach thereof, as they in their 44 wifdoxns fhall think fit; fo as the penalties for breach of 44 the rules, orders and directions to be made, touching 44 fuch corporations, do not extend farther than to the 44 removal and disfranchifement of fuch perfons, as (hall 44 be found guilty of the breach thereof: and fuch rules,

44 orders and directions, fo to be made as aforefaid, lhall*

44 be as good and efFeCtual in law, to all intents and pur-44 pofes, as if the fame had been fpecially and particularly 44 eftablifhed by authority of this prefent Parliament, and 44 fhall remain, continue, and abide in force, for fuch and 44 fo long time as in the laid rules, orders, and directions *4 fhall be Emitted and appointed; any thing in the faid 44 a&, or otherwife to the contrary thereof in any wife,

* notwithfUnding*

Vol. II.	P	We

Digitized by

Google

2 z6

Rule* for feveral cot porati-ofts named.

Firft Role.

YwtJfiJ-fifth Yipr if Charles II.

We the lord lieutenant and council, in pursuance of the faid ad, and the authority thereby given onto us, have thought fit to make and eftablilh, ana we do hereby make and eftabiith the rules, orders and directions hereafter mentioned, for the better regulating of the aforefaid fevpxal cities, jvalied^pwqs, and corpqgftfopp, and the clc&ag of magiftratfs and officers thefe. ,

rirft, That upon all cledions to fee hereafter mad? after the lail day of December next, pf any perfon or perfeae to ferve ip pijy of the o Sices of chief magnate pr magi (traces, recorder, flic*riffs, or town-cierk of any of the fefo feveral cities, walled towns or corporations, the names of tkf perfon s, fo eleded to ferve in the faid feveral offices (hall he by the faid corporation forthwith after fuch eljgftiqnf, pre-fented to the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors, and the privy council of this kirgfSpsp, tohe approved of by them; and the ftid perfon* fa dieted for any the faid offices, (hall be for ever hereafter incapable of ferving in the faid feveral offices or any of them, until they fhal^ he refpe&ively approved of by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors and the privy council of this kingdom,.by order uuder their hands ; and in cafe tke perfons, or any of them, whofe names (hall be fo presented to the ford lieutenant, or other chief governour or gover-nours and council of this kingdom, (hall not be to approved of within ten days after their names fhali be fo preiented, then and in fuch cafe, the faid corporation (hall, from time to time proceed to a new eiedion pf fit ptrfocs, for the faid refpettive offices, for which the perfons fo pre-feuted (hall not be ib approved of, and (hall ip like manner prefent their names to the faid lord lieut^p^n;, or other chief governour or governours and privy council of this kingdom, until they (hall have chofen fuch perfons for the fetd refpae&ive offices, as (hall be fo approved of as afore-faid: apd that all fuch of the faid officers that are aitouu-ally chofen who by the charters of the foid Epfpe&Jve cities, walled towns, or corporations, or any of them, hare not ' been ufua ly ele&cd three months before the dajr whereon they are to enter upon the execution of their faid refpcc-tive offices, ihall for ever hereafter be elected for tne (aid refpeflive offices on that day three month* which foali preceed the day whereat) they are to enter upon the execution of the laid refpedive offices, unkfs the laid day (ball happen an a Sunday, aid then the foid ele&iqn to be on the day following (the fy\d three months to be accounted calendar months) to the end that there may be fufficieni time between fuch their ele&ion and their entering upon the execution of their faid refpe&ive offices, for the obtaining of the approbation of the ford lieutenant and Conned, of ocher chief governour or governours^ and council of this

kingdom.

Digitized by

Google

T*»of Charles SI.

Mrigdeta* in4 for theiriUting of newrcle&iani in the plices ef fuAwhO (hall hot be fo appKwrfcd Of,

Provided alwiy®* That this' role (hafl riot exterid fo the <le&tcfn ofnfcy pbtfohs in arty of the Aid trities, -wallid towns, 0r. Corporations, \vhb lhall be chofcn in thej>lfcee bf . any foch of 'the find officers that are annhally chofen; who lhall die within the year bf their fcjceeution of . the faid* refpeftive officfes, or within one month before they are to enter upon die execution thereof.

Secondly, That no perfofc or perfons that lhall hereafter Rule s» be eleded either mayor, bailiff, fovereign, portreef, batgo-mafler, recorder, lherifFs,treafurer, aldermen, town-cleilt, burgefs, or dne of the Ooihmon-cooncii, or any ma-giUratc, or fiich or the like officer within the faid feveral cities, walled towns* and corporations, or mailer or wardens t>f any corporation, guild, t>r fraternity within the faid feveral cities, walled towns, or corporations, lhall be capable of holding, enjoying. Or executing any the faid offices, places, or employments, until he or they lhall have taken the oath of foprfemacy, eftablilhed by' ad of Parlfa- to take the ment ftcundo Etixabetka in this kingdom, and the oath of oath, 2 EH*. 1. allegiance, betides the oaths ufually taken upon the ad-	'

million of any perfons into the faid refpedive offices, places	3 ***	M.

or employments; and alfo this enfuing oath, viz.	l^b	appointed

1 A. B. do declare’ and believe, That it is Wot lawful* ^ q f ^ upon any pretence nnhatfoever, to take arms againft the King ; taken away, and that I do abhor that traitorous fofition of taking arms by bis authority againft his perfon, or againft thofe that are coto* miff;otted by him.

■ *	* So help me GOD.*

The laid oaths to be taken before fuch perfon.or perfohs as (ball admit them to the faid feveral offices, places, and employmkais ^wfeo are hereby irapowered, authorized arid required to idmittiiler to theta the faid oaths) and upon any fuch perfon or perfons refnfal to take the laid oaths, the ele&ioB of arty fuch perfon or perfons into any of the faid offices, places, or employments is hereby declared to be abfolutfely null and void ; fuch perfons onlf exceptoi* with whofe taking the laid oath of fnpremacy, the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of tWs kingdom for the tiffte being for fortrie particular reaforts lhall think ft by Writihg under his or their hand, byname to difpenfe.	»	.	i

Thirdly, That all foreigner®, llrangers, and aliens, as Rule 3. well others as protefiants, who are or {hall be merchants, traders, artfeans* artificer®, fcamen, of otberwife fkilled Strangers, and exfercifed iri any my fiery, craft, or trade, or In the &c. free, dur* working or making any manufacture, or in the art of na- ing reiiden-e. Pa.	yigation,	*€-

■“Digitized by"

jyGoogle

* TJ»* tniitnty~fifib Y*s* if CktHil |L vi£adon» who are at prefent redding and inhabiting wkbm this kingdom, or who (hall at any tune hereafter mwr into * the faid fevcral cities, walled towns or corporation, with intent and relation therein to inhabit, refide and dwcX, (hall upon his or their reafonable Tuit or reoueft made, and upon payment down or tender of twenty (tunings by way of fine, onto the chief migitrate or magiftrates and common-council, or other perfona authorised to admit and make freemen of foch nf the faid Several cities, walled towns dr corporations, where hr or they do intend to inhabit, refidc, or dwell be admitted a freeman of any of the faid feveral cities, walled towns or corporations, and, if he or they fhall defire it, of all or any guild, brotherhood, fb-ciety, of fellowihir of any trade, craft or other myftery within any of the faid feveral cities, walled towns, or corporations , during his or their refidence for the mod part, and his and their families conttant inhabiting within the faid feveral cities. Walled towns or corporations and no longer; and fhall have, exercife, and enjov all privileges and im-fftuniiies of trading, buying, working, and felling, in as large and ample manner as any freeman of any of the faid feveral cities walled towns or corporations might have, ex-ercif«» or enjoy by virtue of his or their freedom : and that every fuch perfon or perfona, who (hall be admitted to be free as aforefaid, (hall from thenceforth be deemed, eftcetn-ed, and taker, and be denizen and denizens within this kingdom ; any law, ftatute, charter, o (age or cu ft ora of thb kingdom, or of any of the faid feveral cities, walled towns •r corporations to the contrary in any wife notwith(landing.

Provided always, That all fuch ftrangers artificers and others, to be admitted freemen at aforefaid, (hall take the oath of allegiance to our fovtreign lord the King, his heirs and fucceftbrs, and alfo fuch other oaths as are accsftoma-bly taken by all or any freemen, or members of the (hid leverai cities, walled towns, or corporations; or by any die members of any fuch guild, or brotherhood, (bciety, or fellow (hip of the trade, craft, or other myftery, which he or they fhall occupy, or exercife, in cafe he or they fhall defire to be incorporated into any fuch guild, brotherhood, fodetv, or fetlowfhin aforefaid ; and shall pay all fuch and like charges as all freemen his Majefty’s fubje&s of the like trade, craft or myftery, (hall or do oft to pay, and no other, or more; and that if any chief magiftrate or magiftrates, or other perfona authorized as aforefaid, of any of the (aid feveral cities, walled towns or corporations, or any mafter, warden, or other govemour of any brotherhood, fodety or fellow (hip, or any trade, craft, or myftery within the (aid feveral cities, walled towns, or corporations, (hall refuic t» admit any fuch ftrangers, being a merchant, trader, artificer, arlizas, workman, or Teaman, redding or comiag

^	*	_	Digitized	by	Google

Tie toventy-fftt Tear of Charles If*	tzf

into tbit kingdom with intent as aforefaid, to be a freeman •F any the faid feveral cities, walled towns or corporations, where he or they intend to inhabit, re fide, or dwell, or to be a brother or member of any brotherhood, fociety, or fellowfhip within them or any of them ; every fuch chief magiftraie or magiftrates, m*fter, warden, or other gover-nours refpedHvely, (haU (upon complaint and due proof made of fuch.refufal before the lord lieutenant or other chief governour or governOurs, and council of this king-' dom) be by their order disfranchifed, and from thenceforth incapable, without their licence, of bein^ a freeman or member of any fuch city, town or corporation : and every luch ftranger being a merchant, trader, artificer, artizan, workman or feaman, upon tender by him made of twenty (hillings by tyay of fine as aforefaid, and taking the oath of allegiance before any juftice of the peace of the county next adjacent to fuch city, town or corporation, or wherein fuch city, town, or corporation is (ituated (who is hereby authorized and appointed to adminifter the faid oath) (hall thereupon by virtue hereof be deemed, reputed and taken to all intents and purpofes, to be a freeman or member of the faid city, town, corporation, brotherhood, fociety, or fellowihip of any trade, craft, or myftery, where he or they*

(hall inhabit, refide or dwell, and be denied admiffion as aforefaid; and thenceforth have, exerdfe, and enjoy the ftbefty and priviledge Of trading, working, buying or felling of any commodities whatfoever, in aslargr and ample manner, as if he had been admitted a freeman of fuch city, town or corporation, a brother or member of fuch brotherhood, fociety or fellowihip of any trade, craft, or myftery within the fame, taking the ufual oaths of fuch freemen, brothers or members, (which oaths any one juftice of peaca near adjoining, .(haU have power to adminifter) and paying all (uch charges as aforefaid ; any law, cuftom, charter, or ufage to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding. And in cafe any perfon or perlbns (hall give any interruption or difturbance to any fuch ftranger, being a merchant, trader, artificer, artizan, workman, or feaman as aforefaid, to the hindering him in his trading, working, buying or felling as aforefaid, contrary to the intent and meaning hereof, all and every fuch.perfon and perfons fo offending, (hall, (upon Pafono dif-like complaint and proof made of his or their offence turbing them therein before the lord lieutenant or other chief govemour ditfranchiicd. or govemours and council of this kingdom for the time being) be by their order disfranchifed, and from thenceforth incapable, without their licence, of being made a freeman or member of any of the faid federal cities, walled towns or corporations.

And

Digitized by LjOOQle

1)1	79#	nurnty-fifth Yaar of Charles IT*

Theft rules to And thpfc our rules, orders, and directors, we d* hereby continue for order and ellablilh for ever hereafter to continue in forte in *****	all the afoicfaid fcveral cities, waJled towns and corpora

Perpetual	tionsof Cork, Waterford, Kinfale, Youghal, Cafhel, Clon-

mel, Athlone, London-derry, Carrickfergus, Colerain, Sira* bane, Charlemount, Trim, Dundalk, Kilkenny, Wexford and Rofs ; and that the fame be forthwith inrolled in the rolls of his MajeHy’s high court of Chancery in thj* kiegr dom.

Given at the council-charnber in Dublin, the three and twentieth day of September, 1672,

Jju Armacha^i, M’l<ih. Dublin, Cane.

Arran, Conway aqd Kilulto, MalTprqqne, FfcQ. hUr. denfis, Fran. Aungier, " Art. ForDffe. J9. By®?* Rob. Byroq, Will. Steward, ‘ IngpWcfbjfj TV?* Jones* Char. Mejedytlu

GOD five the SING.



Digitized by c^ooQle

The tnventy-ftflh Tear of Charles II.

By the Lord Lieutenant and Council,

llnles, Orders, and Directions, made and eflablifhed by us the Lord Lieutenant and Council, for the better re- * golathig of all fuch Cities, walled Towns, and Corporations within this Kingdom of Ireland ; and the ehiftitig of Magiftrates and Officers there, for which no other particular Rules, Orders or Directions have bCen, or lhall be made by us before the Twenty ninth Day of thisr inftant September.

ESSEX.

W&EHEAS in and by one aft of Parliament, lately Recital made in this kingdom, intituled, /In A3 for the ex- & iS c plaining of fome doubts arifeng upon an a3, intituled. An act for the letter execution of his Majefty s gracious declaration for the fettkment of his kingdom of Ireland, and fatisfaftiert oftBefev&al inter efts of adventurers, fouldiers, and other his Jiihjctts there; and for making fome alterations of and additions unto the jaid ally for the more fteedy and effe&uaf fittlenient of the faid kingdom; it is amongft other things' - * therein contained, enafted,«« That it fbkll and may be 44 lawful to and for the lord lieutenant, or other chief go-•• vernoar or governours and council of Ireland; for the “ time being, from time to time, and at all times to come,

” during the fpace of feven years, to be accounted from ** the nine and twentieth day of September one thoufancL fix hundred fixty-five, to make and eilabliih fuch rules,'

44 orders and directions, for the better regulating of all ** pities, walled towns and corporations, both new and old,

44 and fuch as lhall be created within this kingdom, and the 44 elefting of magiftrates and officers there, and to inflift-44 fuch penalties for the breach thereof, as they in their 41 wifdoms (hall think fit; fo as the penalties for Dreach of 44 the rules, orders and direftions to be made, touching <4 fuch corporations, do not extend farther than to the rc-moval and disfiranchifement of fuch perfons, as (hall be-<4 found guilty of the breach thereof; and fuch rules, orders 44 and direftions, fo to be made as aforefaid, (hall be as ** good and effeftual in law, to aH intents and purpofes, as 44 if the fame had been fpccially and particularly eftabliflN *« ed by authority of this prefent Parliament, artd (hall re- ’

44 main, continue, and abide in Force, for fuch and fo long 1 44 time as in the faid rules, orders, and direction* lhall be ‘4 limitted and appointed; any thing in the faid aft, or *• ptherwife to the contrary thereof in any wife, notwith-l< (landing

1	4	We

Digitized by

*s»

Rul» hr citk*, lie.

FrftwW.

- <Sk tnu^ety-ffth Tear ef CharUt II.

Wc die lord lieutenant and council, in purfnance of the faid a£t, and the authority thereby given unto us, have thought fit to make and eftablifli, and we do hereby make mid eftabliih the rules, orders and directions hereafter men*, turned, for the better regulating of all foch cities, walled towns, and corporations in this kingdom, and the electing of magiftrates and officers there, for which no other particular rules, orders or directions have been, or (hall be made by us before the twenty ninth day of this inftant September.

Ftrft* That no perion or perfons that (hall hereafter be eleded either mayor, bailiff, foveraign, portreef, borgo-mafter, recorder, (heriffs, treafurer, aldermen, town-clerk.

burgefs, or one of the common-council, or any magiftrate, or inch or the like officer within any city walled town, or corporation within this kingdom, or mailer or wardens of any corporation, guild, or fraternity within any city, walled town, or corporation within this kingdom of Ireland, (hall be capable of holding, enjoying, or executing of any the faid offices, places, or employments, until he or they (hau have taken the oath of (upreniacy, eftablUhed by ad of

•	mw Mtk Parliament fecund* Elizabeth* in this kingdom, and the f tinted ty *W. oath of allegiance, befides the 04th* ufualjy ta^en upon the

*	M. s. Eng. admiffion of any perfons into the faid refpeCtive officer

places or employments ; and alfo this epfuing oath, tw.

4 O. I. j. this Mtdtnim •wny.

/ A. B. do dedart and believe. That it is not lawful, open any pretend oubat (sever, to take arms againfi the King; and that 1 do abhor that traitorous fofition of taking earns by his authority agaiafi his ferfont or agairft tboft that are ctonmifi* entd by him•

So hdp tne G Q.D.

The faid oaths to be ta^en before fuch perfon or perfons as (hall admit them to the (aid fcycral offices, places, snd employments (who are hereby impowered, authorized and required to adminifter to them the (aid oaths) ind upon any 3	fuch perfon or perfons refusal to take the faid oaths, the

election of fuch perfon or perfons into'any of the (aid offices, places, or employments is hereby declared to be abiblotely null and void; fuch perfons only excepted, with whofe taking the faid oath of lupremacy, the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of thi* kingdom for the tpne being for fome particular reafons (half dunk fit, by writing under his or their hand, by name to difpenie.

, Utmd role. Secondly, That all foreigners, grangers, and aliens, as igner* Ac. well others as proteftants* who are or lhall be merchants, free, during traders, artisans, artificers, feamen, or otherwife (lulled rtfideaec, Ac.	exejcifed	in	*ny	Inyfiery,	craft,i or trade; or in the

working or making any manufacture, or in the art of ria-

havigaticu.

Digitized by LiOOQle

The	Tear	tf	Charles	{L

vigation, who are at prefent redding and inhabiting within tkss kingdom, or who (hall at any tune hereafter come into my city, walled town, or corporation within this kingdom, with intent and refoiution there to inhabit, refide, and dwell, fhall upon his or their reasonable fait or reqaeft made, and ttpon payment down or tender of twenty (hillings by way ef fine, unto the chief magiftrate or magiftrates and Common-council, or other perfons authorized to admit and snake freemen of fuch city, town, or corporation, where he dr they do intend to inhabit, refide, or dwell be admitted a freeman of any fuch city, walled town or coiporation, within this kingdoirf, and, if he or they (hall dehre it, of all or any guild, brotherhood, fociety, or fellowfcip of any trade, craft or other myftery within all or any of the lame, during his or their refidence for the moft part, and his and their families confctnt inhabiting within this kingdom, and no longer; and (hall hard, exercife, and enjoy all privileges and immunities of tiding, buying, working^ am) felling, in as large and ample manlier as any*free* sfian of any fuch city, walled town, or corporation might have, exercife, or enjoy by virtue of his or their freedom: and that every fuch perfon or perfons, who (hall be admitted tk> be free as aforefaid, (hall from thenceforth be deemed, efteemed, and taken, and be denizen and denizens within* this kingdom; any law, ftatute, charter, ufage or cuftom of this kingdom, or of any city, walled town, or corporation of the fame to the contrary in any wife notwjthftand4 iug.

' 'Provided always. That all fuch ftrangers artificers and Taking Others, to be admitted freemen as aforeiaid, (hall take the ontha, &c. oath of allegiance to our fovereign lord the King, his heirs * dnd'fucc^ifors, and alfo fuch other oaths as are accuftoma-Wy takdn'hy all or any freemen, or members of any fuch riefpedttvie ‘dries, walled towns, or corporations; or by all or any the members of any fuch guild, or brotherhood, fo-cicty, or fcllowfhip of the trade, craft, or other myftery f Which he - or they (hall occupy, or exercife, in cafe he or they (hall defire to be incorporated into any fuch guild, brotherhood, ;focietyi or fellowfhip aforefaid; and (hall pay all fuch and like charges as all freemen his Ma-jefty’s fubjefts of the like trade, craft or myftery, (hall or do ufe to pay, and no' other, or more; and that if any chief magistrate or magiftfates; or other perfons authorized as aforefaid, of any city, town or corporations, or anv matter, warden, or other govemour of any brotherhood, fociety or fellowlhip, or any trade, craft, or myftery within any fuch. city, town or corporation, (hall refufe to admit any fuch ftranger, being a merchant, trader, artificer, ar-' itzait, workman, or Teaman, re Tiding or coming into this

kingdom

Digitized by LjOOQle

The	Y$a*	*f Charles IT.

kipgdom with intent as aforefaid, to be a. freeman of tb» city, town or corporation, where he or they intend to jnba*~ bit, refijc, or dwell, or to be a brother or member of anjr brotherhood, fociety, or fellowship within the fame; every frch chief magiftrate or magi Urates, matter, \rardeos, or fops re-	gpvcmotin	refpeftivety, (hall (upon complaint and

fufir^ (linger* due proof made of fuch refufal before the lord lieutenant dijfriichi^ or other cbiff governour or governors, and council of than S,c.	kingdom) be by their order disfranchifed, and from thenceforth

incapable (without their lfoenco) of heing made a fntoraao' or member of any fuch city, town or corporation: and every fuch ftrangpr being a merchant, trader, artificer, artisan, workman or feaman, upon tender by him made of twenty (hillings by way of fine as aforefaid, and taking the oath of allegiance before any juftioe of the peace of the county, next adjoining to fuch city, town, or corporation, or wherein fuch city, town, or corporation is fitnated (who is hereby authorized and appointed to adminifter the faid oath) (hail thereupon by virtue hereof be deemed, reputed and taken, to all intents and purp6(es, to be » freeman or member of the (aid city* town, corporation, brotherhood, fociety, or fcllowftyp of any trade, craft, or myfUry^ where he or they (hall re fide, or dwcjl, *pd he* daedfld admiffioo f» aforefaid; and fro/n thenceforth have*-eggntife, and enjoy the liberty and priviledga of trad* ipg# working, buying or felling of any conweditiee what-foever, in a* large and amfjje^ manner, as if he had bee* admitted a freeman of fuch city, town or corporation, a brother or member of fuch brotherhood, fociety or feilow-(hip of any trade, craft, or my fiery within the fame, cafe* ing the u(ual oaths of fuch freemen, brothers or members,, (which oaths any one juft ice of peace near adjoining, fall have power to adminifter) and paying all Inch charges as aforefaid; any law, cuftom, charter, or ofcgg to the: contrary in any wife notwithftanding, And in cafe any perfbn or perfons (hall give any interruption or diftur-ttance to any fuch ftranger, being a merchant, trader, artificer, arozan, workman, or feaman as afone&id, to the hindering him in his trading, working, buying or felling as aforefaid, contrary to the intent and meaning hereof; aQ and every fuch perfon and perfons fo offend* ing (haU, upon like complaint and proof made of hi$ or their offence therein, before the lord lieutenant, or other chief governour or governours and council of this king* dom for the time being, be by their order disfranchised, and from thenceforth incapable, without their licence, of heing made a freeman or member of any fuch city, townSi or corporation*

And



Digitized by (^.ooQle

tSb$	Yt*t	ejl Checks II.

And thcfc our rules, orders, and directions, we do here-by older and eitaUiHi for ewer Hereafter, to coiutfroe in force in all the cities, walled towns, and corporations within this kingdom, fcr which no other particular rolesf orders, or directions have been or (hall be made by us be-five'^tweiy ninthday of this infiawt September.

And that the fame ba forthwith iorolled in the rolls of his Majefty’s high-court of Chancery in this king-

Qiyen attkjf eQt}nciJ*ch*mber inDofcln, the &Kcadi df/ ctf September,

J*. Anmfews, Mich- Q«hU«V» Cane. Drogheda, Arran, Conway 6i Kil alt a, Maflcreene, Hen. Midenfis, Fran. Aungier, A$t« Fiorbffs- jo, Byfle, Rob, Byron, Will, Steward, TJujo, Jones, Edward Maflie, Mau, J-Ju(la<;<V A* Chicheftw, Ch#r, Meredyth, Hc&, Ford.



the

Digitized by L^ooQle

The flurth Year of WdlUm and Miry.

The fourth Year of WILLIAM and MARY.

C H A P. I.

An A& of Recognition, of their Majejiies undoubted Right to-the Cro wn of Ireland.

Ireland Unnit- TJ>ORASMUCH as this kingdom of Ireland is annexed* v	X/ anc^ united to the imperial crown of England and by

I #nd» c* the jaws ami ftatntcs of this kingdom is declared to be jull-ly and rightfully depending upon, and belonging, and for ever united to the fame; and the Kings and Queens of England are by undoubted right Kings and Queens of this realm, 4tyd ought, to enjoy the ftile, title, majefty, power, prehe-minence, jurifdi&ion, prerogative and authority of Kings and Queens of the fame : and whereas ohr foveriign liege lord and lady, King William and Queen Mary, fince their happy acceffion to the crown of England, with great expence of blood and treafure, and the extream hazard of his Majefties royal perfoa, have delivered this their Iringdom from the miferies and calamities of an inteftine war, and moft horrid rebellion, raifed up amongft ns by the Info, papifts, and mitigated, abetted and foppofted by the power of the French King; thereby fecuring ot agtuuft the danger of popery ana arbitrary power, with which we were threatnedtn a tnoft eminent maimer, and have moft hapofly reduced this their kingdom to a ftate of peace and oraer, aiid reftored to us oar laws and liberties, and the free and impartial adminiftration of jnftice : we the lords fpiritaal and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament affem-bled, in the name of all the people of this kingdom, do, from the bottom pf oar hearts, with all ppffible thankfol-nefs acknowledge the goodnefs of Almighty God, in raif-ing up their Majefties to deliver us and to reign over us, of whofe goodnefs, wifdom and courage, we nave already found luch happy and blefted effects.

II.	And to the intent and purpofe, that we may publick-ly and unanimoufly own and aflert our faith and true allegiance to their Majefties, and that the lame may remain as a memorial to all pofterity among ft the records of Parlia-Reeegnitkm went in this kingdom : we the lords fpiritaal and temporal •f the title of	and, commons in Parliament afleipbled, as we are in duty

the King and bounded© recognize and acknowledge that the kingdom ^eetu	of Ireland, and all titles, ftiles, royalties, jurifdi&ions,

rights, privileges prerogatives, and prehemmences-royal thereunto belonging, are moft rightfully and lawfully veiled in their Majefties King William ana Queen Mary, and that their moft excellent Majefties were, are, and of right

ought

Digitized by

<the fourth Tear of William and Mary. ought to be King and Queen of England, Ireland, Scotland, and France, and the dominions and territories thereunto belonging; in and to whole princely perfons the royal (late, crown, and dignity of the (aid realms, with all honours, ftiles, titles, regalities, prerogatives, powers, jurifdictipns, and authorities to the fame belonging and appertaining, are more folly, rightfully and iatirely veiled and incorporated, united and annexed,

111.	And we do befeech their mod excellent Majefties to accept of this our humble recognition and fubmiflion, as the fir (I fruits in this prefent Parliament of our faith and duty to their Majefties; and do pray that the fame may be publifhed, declared, and ena&ed in this high coart of Par* liament; and the fame are by their faid Majefties, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in Parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, declared, enacted, and eftablifhed accordingly.

G H A P. II.

Am Afi for Encouragement of Prote ft ant Strangers to fettle in -this Kingdom of Ireland*

TT7HEREAS in the Parliament* held at Dublin the Recital of 14 VV eighth day of May, in the thirteenth year of th* * fS *• *!• reign of our lr.te fovereign lord King Charles the fecond, and by divers prorogations held and continued to the feven-teeath day of April in the fourteenth year of his faid Ma~ jefty’s reign, a certain adt of Parliament was made and palled, [intituled. An AQ for encouraging Protect met /trrneg-ers, and others, to inhabit and plant in the kingdom of Ireland] which (aid adt, as to the naturalizing the Grangers thereby intended to be naturalized, had continuance only for the term of feven years from the end of the (aid Parliament: and forafmuch as the faid adt has been found to be of good advantage to this your Majefties kingdom; may it therefore pleafe year Majefties, that it may be enadted, and be it enadted by the King and Queen's mod excellent Majefties, by und with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual jjf^je ptrpausl ♦and temporal and of the commons in this prefent Parlia* 0VZ9. mem afiembled# and by authority of the fame, That all <1 $• emcmtrmge* and every part of the faid a& [ for encouraging Proteftant "*** cf grangers, .and others, to inhabit and plant in the kingdom ofu**'Prsmitri-Inland 1 which is now expired, (hall be, and is hereby revived, and (hall continue and be in full force and vertue to all -ifttents and purpofes whatfoever for and during the term of ieyen years, from the end of this prefent feffion of Parliament, and no longer,

II.	Provided

Digitized by v^.ooQle

338-	The	fourth	Yehr	if	Wilitaih	had	Atdty.

A. A* II. Provided always, tbit noperfon or petftns’ihaEWve 1691.	the benefit thereof, Until be ibid], intend of the paths of

Chap. 2.	fupfetaacy at»d allegiance which i*6re by the (aid d& tdifc

token, cake the oaths hereafter mentioned* Wfic.

/ A. B. do Jmcnrify frakxfo and/went, that i avAIbe

O.U* to b« faithful d*d Srmr tm nl ibkir % JVW-

'*'* uJZuS&nMarj.

So help hie God.

4O. v 9.	1.	ti, Bi do futtar, Hubert I & from my heart etbhtr, Mip

rtb&v+ih* *P- uekd m^fire, Os itnpious and bititicul, that ddmskabhe eb&rike ST Af L £mf *** Plfi*9* vAOf primes ekc&mmmticated dr deprived by the pope, dr «w authority tf the fie of Rome* may he defied add Murtbered try Hair fubjeSs, tr asty other wbatjbcver. ahd d do declare, Yhht wo fottign frhtie, petfin, prelate, fiat* or pottntdtr, bittbxr baght to Hrve tap jnrifdidioW, power, fnpe-rierity, pre-eminence or authority, ccclt/iaflical or fpiritnA, •within tbit realm.

So help me God.

Declaration And (hall aUe fnake and fobfcribc die dcflartritth Aft-

fubfcribed. lowing, viz.

/ A. B. do fUhhtly and finchrely, in the prkfinii of Cat, frofifs, **flify tend dtthtre, That / do believe, that, m tbk ft-cramekt of the Lord*s-Supper there it wot any trasfubfienteati-' m of the elements of hrekd and wine into the body and hkad of Gbri/t, at or after the cenfecrmion thereof by ary perfon what* fiover; and, that the invocation or adoration of the ftrgm Mary, or any titber faint, and the facrifict of the mkfr, as thy art Wow tfed bt the chore b tf Robot, are Jnperfiitmns eesed idbUtrons. And 1 do frkntwiy in the preface of God, profife, teflify dnd declare 9 that 1 do make this decker onion, and wo) peat thereof in the plain knd ordinary fettft tf the nSsords read Unto me, as thy are tomthordy end&ftthd by prdteftaktc, with-eat dry rvofim, epdhroentioni nr wrtHtalftfirvatiow wbatfi*okr\ mkd without toy dfpenfilim already gtitmtd me for this fotr-fifi by Ate Pope, or dnynthcrtndboHtj or petjbu «ivbatfhvcr, or without dfbrrfation from dny pefon or authority whtafoHnr, or •wfthbla believing that 1 can, nr tan he WtcfnitteB htfirtGodm Wean, Or alfdvtd of this rdecharariow, or My fmri thereof ah though the Pope tr nky Other forfeit br perfonx, or pdoaer wbdjfenkr fbaU difpfift with, br aWWul the •Jhaot, or decide that it Vsas bnHund vtid fiont the beginning.

Which fold oaths ahddtdaration (hdtt befefetfmly and pnfe* Mticlf rfrade 9ad fabfcrifeed in thh'high tcron of Chanrtv^ court of King’s-bench, or in opfcn court in the fdffion tram, bdforc Art* or more ju dices of the peace in any county of

this

Digitized by v^.ooQle

The fees.

Alien Protef*

fye fastrth Tear of William and M4ry. 1 tbift kingdom where fuch perfon or perfons (hall refids, or before any judge, or lafliee of affize m hi* circuit, who are hereby irapowered and authorized to admiuider the fame, and thereupon to certify his or their doing thereof into the high court of Chancery, there to remain on record; and that the fee only of one milling be taken upon admi-nifteridgythe laid oaths, and fubfcribing the faid declaration; one (hilling for certifying the fame, and one (hilling for recording the fame in coancery.

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore -(Said, That all Protedant Grangers and foreigners, who at taut*, any time hereafter (hall come into this kingdom, and (hall take the oaths, and fubferibe the declaration herein above mentioned, (hall have and enjoy the free exercife of their religion, and have liberty of meeting together publickly for the wprfliip of God, and of hearing, divine fervite, jind performing other religions ddties in their own. feveral rites ufed in their own countries; any law or ftatote to the contrary notwithdanding.

CHAP. IV.

Ah A3 far taking Affidavits in the Country, to be made uft of in the Courts of King's. Bench, Common Pleas send Ex* chequer•

FOR the greater eafe and benefit of all perfons whatfo* ever in the taking of affidavits to be made ufe of and read in their Majedies courts of King’s Bench, Common Pleas and Exchequer* at Dublin, as well in matters and things relating to their Majeilies and their rev*ade, as in B cp*or Stall other matters and caufes whatfoever depending or to be chcqt«rf may depending in all or any of the cotirts aforefaid# or any by commllnon ways concerning the proceedings of or in the fount; be jt impower to take snsAcd by the King ai>d Queen** mod exeffienEt Majedtea, affid*vl's *“ by and with the advice ancl confentof the lords Spiritual ,C* and temporal and commons of .this, pcefeoi Parhameu* aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That thO chief-jotftice, or other the juftices Of the laid ctjurt. of	. .. ,

KingVBoneh for the time being, or any two Of the**, whereof the chief judice fbr the time being to. be one fa the faid court of King’s Bench; and the chief juilice of the Common Pleas, and the red of the judices there for the time being, or any two of them, whereof the chief judice of the fame court to be one for the faid court of Common Pleas; and alfo the lord treafurer, chancellor and barons of the court of Exchequer for the time being, or any two or more of them, whereof the lord treafurer, chancellor or lord chief baron for the time being, to be oxtp for the faid court of Exchequer, (hall or may, by one or

more

Digitized by- uooQle

judge* of afluemay take affidavit*, of fame force as if taken iu lUc

Penalty fer fWl£e fwearing.

Day and place in caption.

Said affidavits not to be read till filed.

Tbit fourth Yaar •/ William and Mary, more commlffion or eommiffions under their hand* and the feveral foals of the (aid refpe&ve courts, from time to time, at need (hall require, impower fuch and at many peifont at they, or any two of them as aforefaid, (hall think fit and neceflary, in all and every the fcveral counties of this kingdom, to take and receive all and every fach affidavit and affidavits as any p&lbn or perfons (hall be willing and defiroo* to make before any of the perions fo im-powered, in or concerning any caufe, matter, or thing depending, or any ways concerning any of the proceedings to be in any of the (aid refpe&ite courts $ and that it lhall and may be lawful for any judge of affiie in his circuit, to take and receive any affidavit or affidavits, zs any perfon or perl'ons (hall be willing or defirous to make before him, in or concerning any caufe,. matter or thing depending, or hereafter to be depending, or in anywife concerning any proceedings to be in the faid courts of King's Bench. Common fleas, or Exchequer, or any of them ; and that all and every affidavit and affidavits taken as aforefaid (hall be of the fame force as affidavits taken in the faid refpe&ve courts now are.

II.	Provided, That for the fwearing and taking of fuch affidavit, the perfon or perfons fo im powered, or taking the fame, for fo doing (hall receive only the fum or foe of one (hilling ftcrling% and no more.

III.	Provided further, That all and every perfon or perfons fwearing larfly, or forlwcaring him, her, or themselves in fuch affidavit or affidavits, lhall incur and be liable unto the fame penalties, as if fuch affidavit or affidavits had been made or taken in open court.

IV.	And for the prevention and better difeovery of all frauds and perjury; be it ena&cd by the authority afbrc-faid, That no affidavit, taken by any commiffionera authorized as aforefaid, (hall be read or made ufe of in any of the courts aforefaid, unlefs the commiffioner or perfon that take the fame mention in the caption thereof as well the day when, as alfo the place and county where the fame was fworn.

V.	Provided alfo. That the faid affidavits taken as aforefaid (hall not be read or made nfe of in any of the find courts, before the fame be filed in the refpeftive courts*

The

Digitized by v^.ooQle

The Jhventh Tear of William III. The feventh Year of WILLIAM III. CHAP. II.

241

A. D, 1695.

Ai A.1 for taking a-way the Writ de heretico com-burendo.

BE it enacted bv the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this Parliament afiembled and by authority of the fame. That the writ commonly Writ de heren called breve de heretico tumburendo* with all proceis and i^^mi>ureH^Q proceecfings thereirpon, in order to the executing luch writ, ®away* or following or depending thereupon, and all punifhmeot by death, in purfuance of ecclefiaftical cenfures, be from	r

henceforth utterly taken away and aboliihed; any law, fta-tute, canon, confutation, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary	Saving of ec-

heretofore, or now in force in any wife notwithstanding. clefiaitical jurift II. Provided always. That nothing in this act (hall ex- di&ionin s^the-i tend or be conftrued to take away or abridge the jurifdic- fim* &c* tion of proteftant archbifhops or bilhops or any other judges of any ecclefiaftical courts, in cates of atheifm, blafphemy, herefy, or fchifm, or other damnable do&rines and opinions ) but that they may proceed to punifh the fame according to hi*; Majeity’s ecclefiaftical laws, by excommunication, deprivation, degradatibn, and other ecclefiaftical cenfures, not extending to death, in fach fort, and no other, as they	1

might have done before the making of this aid; any thing in this law contained to the contrary in aoy wife notwith-ftanding.

C H A P. III.

An A3 declaring all Atta'tnders% and all other Afls made in the late pretended Parliament, to be void.

FORASMUCH as fince the happy acceffion of his Ma-	*

jelly King William, aud the late Queen Mary of bleflf- Ireland an- , ei memory, to the imperial crown of England, whereunto ncxed tQ crowi* this kingdom of Ireland is inseparably annexed, united and of Englan“* belonging, no Parliament could or ought to be holden within this kingdom, unlefs by their Majeftie’s authority; yet neverthelefs divers perfons, during the late war and rebellion in this kingdom* did, on or about the feventh day of May, one thoufand fix hundred eighty nine, afierable par1iarn°p, nw? \Uemfelves at or near the city of Dublin, without authority Dublin, i68yT* derived from their Majefties, and in oppofifion thereto;

Vcl. II.	Ct	and.



Digitized by

Rental of t W & M. 9. fcff 2. A**, declaring fafc) pretended Par-ftr reitf a rebel-TtbXii alftrnbiy,

and their a&$

voiji.

No memorial thereof tp remain.

All faid prp-f ended a#*, &c. publickly canceled at Ccfun-drf Chamber.

prrrahrer. an perfons in Wrp’’* cuftndy not producing

The Sin*# Ytm W3Ji*i> ITT.

and being fo aflemblcd, did pretend to be and did call them-(elves by the- name of a Parliament, and a&ing in concurrence with the late Ring James, did make and pafs feveral pretended ads or flatutes, and did caufe the fame to be placed and recorded amMgft the records* and proceedings of Parliament; all which pretended ads were forrard arid defined m matoifotfoppofitfon te tht fovenrignty ct the crown of England, and for the otter deftruebon of the proteflants and the \vhole proteftant intereft rn this kingdom, and rife and were wall and void co all iaietaa aod parpefos whxtfcever: a*d whereas their (aid Majoftiea, oaf pi tfcch pious and princely cate of and for fchuir dutifol and loyj pfoteftaac fabfofU of this hingdom, and for (heir belief w^urity and relief, by at* aft of their Parliament of England, made at Wefturtnfter to the fa& gear of their Majefoea reign, were graeioofly pleafod to ena<$ and d*~ elare, f4 That the faid pretended Park ament, fo as afore^ “ faid a (Tern hied at EfoWfo, was not a PselfofirefK, bat an 44 unkwfoi and rcbebfous sr0bmbly y and that all a&s aod 44 proceedings whatfoever, hod, made, dona, or pafled* 44 or to be had, made, done, or pa (Ted, in tht fold pretcyd-44 ed Parliament, fooold be taken, deemed, adjudged, and f‘ declared to be npll and void to *H imemy, eoniinzttioasy 44 and ppypoies wfcatfoeveir.” For which we the lords fpji, ritual and temporal mad commons, fo this prefont Parliament afiembkdj do re torn our moft hearty and unfeigned thanks to hie mod foe red Majs&y ; and fof the better and further qpieffog and aflVrring the minds of his Majefty’* good fobje&s and ta the intent that no memorial hereeftes may remain awiongft the records of Pariiament ©f uv of the ads or proceedings of the faid unlawful aod rebellious pfTembly, we the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in Parliament atfembled do molt humbly befeech your Ma-jefty that it may be enabled, And be it enacted by the &ng’$ molt excellent Majelty, bv and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons iu this prefent Parliament atfembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all and every the a#s, pr pretended afts, and the rolls whereon the faid afts or pretended afts, and every of them, ktt recorded or cngrofffcd, and all proceeding of' tvhat nature or kind fbeytr had, made, done, or paffod by the faid perfotfs lately fo aflbmbted at bnbjm, pretend-frig to be pt calling ehcmftlves by the name of a Parliament, and alfo all Writs ilfued in order to the calling ef the faid pretended Parliament, and returned into any office in this Kingdom, and there renramiog, and all the journals 6f the faid pretended Parliament, and other hooks or writings in any wife relating thereunto, 6f to the holdfog thereof, (ball, by the officers of perfons in whofe cuftody the fame arc, be bought before the ford deputy, at other chief go-~	rerflpBf

s

i

Digitized by

Google

7$/ feixnth Tear of WUfou» Ilf. vernoar or govemours of this kingdom for the time being, at fiich time as the lord dopupy, or other chief governor or governors for the time being (hall appoint, at the council chamber, in EHibKn,, ajid there (bail be puhljckly and openly cancelled and utterly deftroyed: and in cafe any officer or perfon in whofe hands or cuftody the faid sUSba aud rolls, or proceedings or any, of them* do or (kali remain* dull wilfully negleft on refafe to produce the fomV to the intent that the forqe may becancnUod and defttoy-cd, according to. the true intent of this aft', every foch per (bn and officer (ball be, and is h err by adjudged and declared to be from thenceforth incapable of any office or, employment whatfoever, and (hall forfeit and pay the font of ive luiodrad pounds, one half thereof to his Majefty, Hod the ofosr half to fuch perfon or perions. that (hall foe for the foipe, by ai\y	of	dd#,	biU,	plaint,	or	infetr-

tnatkuot, in any court of record whatfoever.

. XL dpd whereas the (aid unlawful aflembly, calling themfoives a Parliament, did take upon them to pa{s one or more pretended a&s, whereby in the mod cruel and, barbarous m-VBtt foey did* byexpref* name, attaint of high treafon the greats ft past of foe lords fpiritual and temporal, and principal commons of this kingdom * all whieh attainders, as alfo aU other afta and proceedings, or pretended aids or proceedings, of the faid pretended Parliament, are hereby declared and eaafted to have been, from the foil making foereqf, apd now ta he, ahfoluteix nidi and void, ta all intents, coqfttu&ions and purpoCeJ wbatfoevex.

III. Be it further enabled and declared by the author nty aforefaid, That all and every perfon and petfoos, who by expreis name* or otherwife, by any proceedings of the (aid pretended Parliament were attainted of high treafoa, Or any other crime, or fobjefted tq any incapacity, dlf-tbility, or forfeiture, are hereby declared apd enafted to have been, ever fince the making qf the faid pretended aft or acts, and to he perfon* lawful, able, and capable, to all intents and pqrppfes whaifoever, and free and dif-charged of and from all attainders, corruption of blood, diCfonitie*, incapacities, and forfeitures whatsoever, as fully, freely, and entirely, as if the (aid afts, or pretended afts, or any of them, had never been made or palled; and as if they, and every of them, had been particularly named in this aft, and by exprefs name and words had been declared to be reftored in blood, made capable, freed* and difofoirged as aforefaid.

All their proceedings declared void.

And all pretended di tab ill* ties and forfei-turesdifcharged

Q.*	CHAP.

Digitized byCjOO^lC

A. D.

The/event b Tear ^William I IT. -CHAP. V.

An Afl for the better fecuring the Government, by drfsrn- -ing Papijls*

T? OR preferving the publick peace, find quieting the |	JL kingdom from ail dangers of infurredion and rebellion

g 6.	for the future ; be it er.adcd by the King’s moft excellent

Papifls to dc- Mnjedy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords liver up all	fpiritual and temporal and cortimons in this prefent Parlia-

*ra1*’	ment aflembled, and by the authority cf the fame, Tntt

all Papids within this kingdom of Ireland (hall, before the firft day of March next enfuing, dilcover and deliver up ro fome judice orjudiecs cf the peace, or to the mayor, bay-lifF, or head-officer of the county, city, town corporate, or place refpedivelv, where fuch papift (hall dwelt and re-fde, aTl their arms, armour and ammunition, of what kind fo-ever the fame be, which are in hisor their hands or pdfefiicn, or in the hands of any other perfon or perfens in truft f»T them, or at their difpofition, notwithdanding any licence or permiflion for keeping the fame heretofore granted: and that from and after the faid firft day of March one thou-fand fix hundred ninety five, it fhall and may be lawful for $cz may fearch’ two or more juflices of the peace within the limits cf ^	1	9	their jurifdidion and authority, and to all mayors, IherifFs,

and chief officers of cities and towns corporate in their liberties, hy themfelves, or by warrant or warrants under their hands and feals refpeflively, from time to time, to fearch for, feize, or caufe to be fearched for and feized, and take into his or their cudodv all fuch arms, armour and ,	ammuniiion	as	fhall	be	concealed	in	any	houfe,	lodging, or

Other places where they lhall fufped any fuch arms, armour, or ammunition iliall be concealed ; and fuch arm*, armour and ammunition, fo taken or feized, upon fearch and otherwise as aforefaid, fhall by the perfon or perfons fo receiving, taking, and frizing the fame, be preferved for the ufe of his Majedy, his heirs and fucceflors ; and the faid perfons fhall return a true and particular account thereof to the lord deputy, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, for the time being, to the end the fame may be brought into his Majedy’s ftorcs of war, or be difpoled of as he or they dial] think fit.

Search be- II. Provided neverthelefs, That no fuch fearch or feafeh-PreenJunr!' -es (hall be -made in any fuch houfe, houfes or lodgings, except in'citiw* &vc or‘ty between l^c riling and letting of the fun, othet ^ ' * than in cities and their fuburbs, towns corporate* market towns, andhpufesof fuch cities and towns, if it lhall befo thought necedary, and the warrant or warrants for that purpoie do dired and appoint; and in cal'e fuch julliccs of '	the

Examination

on Oath.

Pcrfons net

The fewnth Year of William MI. the peace, mayor, fovereign, bayliff, or other chief magif-trate or officer of any city or town corporate, after l'uch fearch made, (hall find caufe to fufpeft that any arms, armour or ammunition remain concealed, and not feized as aforefaid, they are hereby refpettively impowered and required to caufe fuch perfon or perfons, whom he or they fhall fufp$& to have concealed the fame, to be brought before him or them, and to be examined upon his, her, or their corporal oath, concerning the fame.

III. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, aifcovcring &c. Thai every fuch papift who (hall have or keep any fuch w refilling Ac. arms, armour or ammunition, who fhall not difeover and deliver up the fame by the time aforefaid; and every other

?erfon or perfons, who wittingly or willingly (hall have any uch arms, armour, or ammunition, to the ufe of or in truft for any fuch papift, contrary to the true meaning and intent hereof, and aUo every fuch perfon or pcrfor.s, who, upon demand or fearch made for fuch arms, armour, or ammunition as aforefaid, (hall refufe to declare and mani-feft to the juftice or juftices of the peace, mayors, bayliffs, head-officers, or other pcrfons authorized and impowered for feizing and fearching for all fuch arms, armour, and ammunition in manner as aforefaid, what arms, armour, and ammunition they, or any other to his knowledge, or with his privity, have, or (hall let, hinder or difturb the delivery thereof to any the faid juftices of the peace, or any other perfon or perfons authorized by warrant as aforefaid to fearch for, take, and feize the fame, and every other perfon and perfons, who (halt refufe to make difeo-very upon his, her, or their oath, to be adminiftered by fuch juftices of the peace, mayor, bayliff, or other chief officer of any city, or town corporate, concerning the pre- I miffes, as aforefaid, or being fummoned by warrant under the hands of two or more juftices of the peace, whereof notice in writing to be given to him, or her, or left at his or her ufual place of abode, (hall, without reafonable caufe, refufe or negleft to appear before fuch juftices of the peace, mayors, foverrign s, bay lifts, or other chief magif-trates, as aforefaid., to be examined as afore(a|d; every fuch perfon or perfons fo offending, contrary to. this ftatute in this behalf, (hall forfeit in manner following (that is to	.j.

fay) if fuch perfon or perfons be a peer or peerefs of this peer, k>o1. firft realm, he, (he and they (hall, for the ftrft offence, forfeit offence, the fum of one hundred pounds fterling; and if fuch perfon or perfons (hall offend a fecond time, contrary to the true intent and meaning thereof, then fuch perfon or perfons (hall, for the fecond offence, incur the penalty of a perfon attainted in a premunire, and being thereof con- Premuniro vi&ed, (hall fuffer puniffiment accordingly: and if fuch the kcoDd, perfon or perfons offending herein, contrary to the true x 5 c. t. 6.

intent itbtr jun*Uut%

Digitized by Google

to* fc-Jtntb	WIffiam	ITT.

"A.	t>.	lfltfTlt df fills aft. (hill be Under (he degree of "a. TStferV’

4695.	petrefs, then he, lhe, or they fo offending (hall Ter the fitft

'Chap. 5.	dfFence, being therCdf lawfully corivi&ed upon any indi£L

tnent or inforftiatiOh to be Exhibited at the afTizes or general Others.tcL quarter*fefliors of the peace, to be‘held for the county firft offence, and where fuch flUTchc* Ihall be committed, lofe and forfeit the VT^nfomneut pdjn 0f thirty pounds; and thall falfor imprifonment by order Of the jdftlccs of aflise at (he abifces, or juRi-■ •	ces of the peace in their general quarter-feffirms of the

•	’peace, witfiout ’bail or mainprixe, Tor one year; and

-	from thcncefort^larduritil he, (he, or they Ihall pay the pe-

Premunire	*>hy aforefaid: and if fuch perfon or perfons Ihall cHcad

the fecond.	afeednd time, contrary to the true intent ar.d meaning here-

of, then fuch perfon or perfons fo Offending Ihall Tor fuA Yccond offeree, being convinc’d of'the firft offence, incaf and fdffer'all the bam fcnd penalties of perfom attainted in

•	'z pretn unite; the laid penalties and Turns of moneyTo to he forfeit, Is aforefaid, fey fuch peer or peerefs, to be reco-Verfcd'by arfion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in "tamy of itis'MajtHy’s courts of record ; in which laid a&ia* bf debt, bill, plaint, or kiTormahon, no efloyne, proteSion, tibr 'Wager 6f laW'lhaltbe allowed, nor rftore Than twe imparlance granted ; one moiety thereof to be and-ga :o the

*	life 6fr iris ^Majetly,‘his heirs and focceflorsj and'the ether On what eon- moiety to'fuch perfon or perforis who Ihall fue for the fame.

dltions nnble- IV. Provided always, That this a£t,‘6r any thing there-men nuy^eV ^ contained,'Ihallnot extend, or be conlirue’d to extend yrmf 7 P to hrrrdcror rdlrain any noblemen or gentleman from keeping or uling a livord, and a cafe of prtlols, and a gun fur The defence Of trish’odfe, or Tor fowling; fo as fuch ncBic-*tnan or gentleman'before Yhc faid lirft day olTVlarch, in the 'year of our Lord' one thoufand fix hundred ninety five, fhall make proof, * to The fatisfa&ion of the lord deputy, Or other chief governor or governors, and thepri-vv-conncil of this*kingdom of Ireland, that he, upon ftie • ‘tntfdday of Oftober, in the year of ourTord one thon-fartd fix hundred hinety one, was an inhabitant or reddent of Limerick, Or folne other garriion then in the pbflcfikm of the Irifh, Or was then fume ofbeer or fofeber then in 'arms, under a comifrilBon of the late -King James, or thofc‘authorised under him, to grant the fathe la ike coun-. -	ties of Limerick, Clare,'Kerry, Cork, or'Mayo, or ender

4their 'protection In (he faid counties; or was then a com-tniffioned odicer in his Maje(ly*$ quarters belonging to the Jrtih regiments then in being, which were treated with, not being (lien a priloner of war, nor having before that time taken protection, and that he has fcnee re turned and fubmhted to his Mkjefty’s obedience, £ndIhall alfo prove -as aforefaid, that he was upon the-faid third day of October within this kingdom ; and fo as fuel! nobleman or gentleman hath not any time fince the faid third day of Ofto-

Digitized by

iFke fcutnfb Hear of William JH.	?47

fc>£r, upon tender -to him, refund to take the o*th of al- A. D. iegiaoce, required to be taken'by an ad of Parliament in 1695. England, made in the ifirff year of the reign of his pre-	Chap. 5.

dent Maj-efty, and of the la<* Queen Mary of blefied me-knory;' and (hall take the faid oath when he ihall be thereunto required ; of* (ball -prove as afosefaid, that he was up-«>n the one and twentieth day of July, whr^h was in the year cf oar Lord one thousand fix hundred ninety one, a gentleman of efiate, then belonging to the town and garrifon *>f Gall way ; but that fuch nobleman or gentleman refpcdli ve-ly, fo making proof, and being qualified as aforefaid, may keop and make ufe of a fword, a cafe of pi flols > and a gun, for defence of his hoofe, or for fowling, in fuoh manner as he might have done in cafe this a& had nefcer been made ; tiny thing herein 'Contained to the contrary in any wife notwkhfiaflding.

V.	^Provided always. That an entry Audi be made of Entry of fuch proof, and that 00 gratuity, fee, or reward whatfoever, f dhall be taken by any per fun, other .than the fum of one CCI8> Shilling for the making fuch proof, or for the entry thereof.

VI.	Provided always* That no perfon iftrdl be convicted, Proof of of- 1 or incur any penalty upon this x6t for any offence commit- fences.

ted contrary thereto, upon any confefljoo or difeovery h6 Or (he (hall make, being, examined upon path, unlefs fudh offence (hall be made out by other proof, any thing herein contained to the .contrary notwitbfiandinr.

Vi I. Provided always, That the lord deputy, or other licence to chief governor or governors, and privy-council of this keep arms, -realm for the time being, may, by order of privy-Gouncil, at any time .after the foid.firft day of March one thoufand fix hundred ninety five, licenfe any perfon or perfons, .as he and they (hall think fit, to keep fuch arms as (hall be particularly exprefied in fuch licence, in as full and ample "manner as fuch chief governor or governors heretofore might have done before the palling of this prefent alt; any thing herein costained,to the contrary notwith(landing ; which licence (hall be granted without any gratuity, fee, Fee is. or-reward, other than the Jus of one (hilling for the writing thereof.

VIII.	And be it further enabled by the.authority aforefaid, That from and after the csd of this prefent felhons	Popift ap-

of Parliament, no perfon whatfoever now, or at any time 1*™!1CC8 noUt# whatfoever, .excidfing or ufing the my fiery or art of mak- *“* ing any locks or barrels for guns, mufquets, pifiols, or < ether fire-arms, or of making fwords, bayonets* (keines,

-knives, or oihor weapons* (hall take to prentice, or ufe, receive, or infirud as an apprentice, any perfon of the po- Penalty aoL rrUgion, on pain that every perfon fo offending in tntertdQH^iechpofkhpeirf^^	or	ufing,

receiving.

Digitized by ^ooQle

Indenture fcc. void

The fivenlh Ytzr &f William III. receiving, or intruding him as fuch, fhall for every fu<4i offence forfeit the Tam of twenty pounds, 10 be recovered by bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty's courts of record, wherein no efToyne, protedion, or wager of law is to be allowed, nor mere than one imparlance granted ; the one moiety of all fuch forfeitures to be to his Mnjeity, hi» heirs and lucccHors, and the other moiety «o the informer, or him or them that (hall or will fue for the fame.

IX And moreover, the indenture of aprenticefhip, and all bonds and contrads to be made or entered into, by reafon orocCeficn of any fuch popith perfon being put to be an apprentice as aforefaid, lh ill be void, and are hereby declared to be void ; and every (uch perfon of the popiili religion, who (hail be hereafter put to be an apprentice, intruded contrary to the true meaning of this ad, and who fhall exercife the faid art or myflcry, ihall for every fuch offence in ufing or cxercifing the faid art or myftery, or any part thereof, forfeit the (urn of twenty pounds, to be fued for and recovered as aforefaid to the ufes before-on fuch aypren- mentioned; and the juftices of the peace, mayors, fove-reigns, and other head officers of cities, burroughs, and towns corporate refpedively, are hereby authorized and required to fend for all apprentices of fuch perfons excr-cifing the art and mydery aforefaid, whom they (hall fuf ped, and fhall tender to them the oaths and declaration following, to be by them refpedively taken and fub-».	feribed.

Penalty scl

Oaths 8zc I A. R. do Jincerely tromife andfwear, fiat I avill he tcndci cd to faithful und hear true allegiance to bis MajeJty King Wil-fulpedcd ap- ham.

prentices.	So	help	me	God.

1. A. B. do fwear, That 1 do from my heart abhor, deteft and abjure, as impious and heretical, that damnable dodriue and pojition that princes excommunicated or deprived by the pope, or a iy authority of the fee of Rome, may be depofed and hiurtkcred by their jubjeds, or any other 'ivkatjccver. And / do declare, Hat no foreign prince, perfon, prelate, ft ate or potentate, hath or ought to have any jurifdidion, pov;er,fupe-riertrpreeminence or authority> ecclejiajtical or fpiritual, within this realm.

So help me God.

I A. B. do folemnly and Jtmcerely, in the prefence of God, frefejs, tejlify and duiarc, That 1 do belitve, that, in the Ja• crament ij the Lord*s-Supper there is net any travfubjiantiati-c:z cf the elements of brena and wane into the btdy and blood of Chrif, at or After the conjuration thereof, by any perfon what-•	foever;

Digitized by v^ooQle

Xbc feventh Year of William III.

Jccver; and, that the in vocation or adoration of the Virgin Mary, or any other faint, and the facrifee of the mafi, as they are now ufed in the church of Rome, areJupcifitious and idolatrous. And 1 do Jolemnly in the prefence of God, profefs, tejlify and declare, that 1 do make this declaration, and every part thereof, in the plain and ordinary fenfe of the words read unto me, as they arc commonly underfood hy proteflantf, without any evafion, equivocation, or mentalrrfervation what fever ; and without any difpcvfalien already granted me for this pur-pofe by the Pope, or any other authority or perfon what fever, or without any hope of any fucb difpenfation from any perfon or authority what fever, or without believing that I am, or can be acquitted before God or man, or abflved from this declaration, or ■ any part t her erf, although the Pope or any other perfm or perf ns, or power whatfever fall difpenfe with, or annul the Jame, or declare that it was null and void from the beginning.

And the refufal of fuch perfon or perfons to take the faid oaths, or fubferibe the faid declaration, (hall be and are vision of &p-.hereby declared to be a conviction of fuch perfons f0	^

refuting the fame, of his being guilty, as *«lfo of the maf maitcr> ter of fuch apprentice, unlefs fuch qiafter (ball prove that fuch apprentice, at the time of entering his fervice, was known or reputed to be of the proteftant religion.

XII. And it is hereby declared, that every perfon (hall . be deemed and taken to be a papift, within the meaning ^papifU. of this prefent aft, who (hall refufe to take the oaths; and fubferibe the declaration herein before-mentioned, when the fame lhall be tendred to him by any juftice or juftices of the peace ; which faid oaths and declaration the faid juftices of the peace and chief magiftrates are hereby authorized . and reqaired to adminifter, if any fuch perfon or perfons (hall deny him or themfelves to be a papift within the mean-	t0	ke

. ing of this ad; and if any fuch perfon or perfons (hall take rccordcd*

. the faid oaths, and fubferibe the faid declaration, the faid ju(lice or jullices of the peace lhall certify under his hand his or their taking the faid oaths, and return the faid declaration to the next quarter-feflions to be held for the faid county, there to be recorded as in fuch cafes is ufual.

XI Li. And be it further en?ded by the authority afore-faid. That if any juftice or juftices of the peace, mavors, gic&ingor rc-fovercigns, baylifts, or chief magiftrate*, or officers of any tiding, county or town corporate refpedively, (ball negled or refufe to execute any the powers or authorities which he or they is or are refpedively required by this prefent ad to put in execution, every (uch juftice of the peace, mayor,

. iovereign, baylifF, or chief magi ft rate, or officer, (hall for every luch default or offence lofe and forfeit the fum of fifty pounds, to be recovered in any of his Majcfty’s courts of record, by bill, plaint or information, wherein do effoyne, protedion, or wager of law (ball be allowed

nOff

Refufal con-

Digitized by LjOOq le

Jhvonth Khar of Wjftmm Ilf.

A. ft.	imrmoretb%n	one imparlance granted; the one moiety of

T695. fodh forfeiture to be to his Majefty, his heirs and focccf-fors ; and the other moiety tofoch pcrfon as fhaf! or win foe ^Tliriaumiti for the fame; and the faid offenders fhaH be mpreower m»mpert*tmml and are hereby difablcd and made incapable, from and af-Anov 13 G. a. m	xonvidvd,	to	aft as juftice of ibe peace*

mayor, fovereign, baylifF, or chief -magiftrate, or oftcer in acy county, city, or town corporate in thk fcmgdooi.

CHAP. ¥1.

An AS fir the better Jetthng tsf Inteftotts tftates*

BE it entfted by the King's mod excellent tlfateftr* with the advice and con Cent of the lords fpiritoal and temporal and the commons in this prefent Parliament atiem* oled, .and by the anthority of the fame. That all ordinaries* Ifcfrkfci as well the judge or judges of the prerogative court of the taken by-ordm*- archhifhop of Ardmagh, for the time 'bemg, as all other or-wXSST’ ^mJir'cs *n<* ccclcfia&al judges, and every of them, ha v-^5.	fog	power	to	commit ad mini ft ration of the goods, <hatdes

aim credits of perfons dying intefttte, find and may upon •their refpeftlve granting and committing -of admmifbmd-onsof the goods, chatties, and credits of perfons dying ib-teftate, after the.feaft of the purification of the Jlefied virgin Wary, in this prefent year of our Lord one thousand fix hundred ninety.five, take and required the rr* fpeftive perfbn or perfons, to whom any admmiftmiep is to be committed, foftoient bonds, with two or more able foceties, refpeft 'being had to the vahte of the eftne, in the name of the ordinary, with die condition in manner and form following, mutatis mutandis, we.

Condition of the Tfc# condition of this obligation isfucb, That if the nvithk hoods,	bostnden	A. ,B. adminifirator of all andfingnlar toe goods, char

ties, and credits tf E. D. deeeafed, do make, or canfe to he . made, a true and pcrftQ inventory of all emd fingular the goods and chatties, and credit of the faid K. IX deceafed, which have, or lb all come to the hands, ptfjcjficn or knowledge gf him the /aid A. B. or into the hands or pojfcjjtcn of any other perfon or for* fons for him, and the fame Jo made do exhibit, or casft to he exhibited in the regjtftry of	as,	or	before the	day	of	next	tufting, and

the fame goods, chatties and credits, and all other the goods, chatties, and credits of the/aid deceafed at the time of his death, which.at any time bereajter /hall come to the hands or poffefim of the Jftid A. B. or into the bands or poffcffion of any other jperfon or perfons for him, do well and truly gdminijier or cording to law; and further do make, or caufe to be made, a ■ true and account of his faid adminiftration, at or before . tbt	day rf

Digitized by v^ooQle

*tht ftvmb Year df William TH.	.251

*md all the reft anil refidue of fhe /aid goods, ehqt tie's,, and A. D. credits which Jhall he found remaining upon the faid adminif- 4695. ‘tr/zfvr's account., the fame being fitft examined and allowed Chap. h. •f by the judge or judges for the time being of the faid court*	■**mJ t

Jball deliver Odd pay urn to fuch perfbn or perfons rtfpelthvely, cts the faid judge adjudges, by bis or their decree or /entente, parfuant to the true intent and meaning of Ms all, Jball limit and appoint 5 and if it Jhall hereafter appear, that any 'laft will 'or teftdmerit was made by the /aid deceafed, and ~The txecttor or executors therein named do exhibit the fame into 'the fat'd court, making requeft to have it allowed and approved Accordingly, if the faid A. B. within bounden, being thereunto required, do render and deliver, t1* fetid letters of culnm-niftration, approbation of fuch teftament beitfg frft had Mad tnadc in the faid court,' then this obligation to d* void card ff notie ifteS, or ilfe to remain infullforce and vertue.

^hid\ bunds are hereby declared and enacted to be .good Such bond* •in Ism? to' all intents and purpofes, and pleadable in any pleadable, coofts of juliice; and alto, that the faid ordinaries «nd judges rtfpeaively (hall, and may, and are enabled to.pro-ceea again ft and call fuch adminiftratons to account, for

touching ‘the goods df any petfon dying inteftate, and Adminiftra-opon hearing and due confideration thereof, to *order and to acount» Stake juft ana equal diftriburion of what remaineth clear after all debts, funeral charges, and juft expences of every 'fort firft allowed and deduced, amongft tl>e wife and children, or childrens children, if any fuch be, ©therwife to the next of kindred to the dead perfon in equal degree, or "legally reprefenting their'ftocks, pro fuocuiq ; jure, according to the law in fuch cafes, and the rules and limitations rhereafter fet downr and the fame dillribotion to decree and fettle, and to compel fuch adminiftrators to obferveand '•pay the'fame 'by due courfe of his Majefty’s.ecckiiaftical laws: faring to every one, fuppofipg him or themfcUes aggrieved, their right of appeal# as was always in (uch •" caffes afed.

’ ir ?rovided always, and be itenafted by the tattoo- H . Vity af3r6tdd. That all ordinaries, and every other ,perfon, ^o^the fur-who by this aft is* enabled to make diftribntion of the fur- piul diffributed. plufige of the Cftate of any perfon dyiqg inteftate, Qull diftribute the whole furplufage of fucheftate or eftates in manner and form following (that is to fay) one third part Of the faid furplufage to the wife of the inteftate, and all the refidue by equal portions to and among ft the children of fuch perfous dying inteftate, and fuch perfons as lqgatyy Teprefent fuch Children, in cafe any of the faid children be then dead, other thau fuch child or children (not bring 'heir at taw) Who tha.ll have any eftate by the fettlementof the inteftate, or (hall be advanced by the inteftate in his

life

Digitized by kjOOQle

Tie fe ventb Tear of William OT* life time by portion or portions, equal to the (hare which (hall by fach diftribution be allotted to the other children to whom fuch diftribution is to be made; and in cafe any child (other than the heir at law) who (hall have any eftate by Settlement from the (aid inteftate, or (hall be advanced by the (aid inteftate in his life-time by portion, not equal to the (hare which- fhall be due to the other children by fuch dif-tribution as aforefaid, then fo much of the furplufage of the eftate of fuch inteftate to be diftributed to fuch child or children, as (hall have any land by fettlement from the inteftate, or were advanced in the life-time of the inteftate, as (hall make the eftate of all the faid children to be equal, as near as can be eftimated : but the heir at law, notwitiu (landing any land which he (hall have by defeent or other-wife from the inteftate, is to have an equal part in the dif-tribution with the reft of the children, without any confide-ration of the value of lands which he hath by defeent or

If no children, otherwife from the inteftate. And in cafe there be no chU-*	dren,	nor	any legal teprefentatives of them, then onejmoiety

of the faid eftate to be allotted to the wife of the faid inteftate; the refidue of the faid eftate to be diftributed equally to every of the next of kindred of the inteftate, who were in equal degree, and thofe who legally reprefent them.

III.	Provided that there be no reprefentations admitted amongft collaterals after brothers and fillers chil-

li no wife, drew . and jn cafc there be no wife, then all the eftate to be diftributed equally to, and amongft the children : and in cafe there be no child, then to the next of kindred in equal decree of, or unto the inteftate, and their legal reprekn-tatives as aforefaid, and in no other manner whatfoever.

IV.	Provided alfo, and be it likewlfe enaded by the authority aforefaid, to the end that a due regard be had to

No dilbibiiti- crcc^ltors> that no fuch diftribution of the goods of my on till after one peribn dying inteftate be made till after one year be fully year.	expired	after the inteftate’s dt ath ; and that fuch and every

perfon, to whom anjr diftribution or (hare (hall be allotted. Bonds to be	£*ve bonds with fufficient fureties in the faid courtj

given.	(which	faid bonds (hall be likewife good in law, and pleada-

ble in ary ccurts of jnfticc) that if any debt or debts truelv owing by the inteftate (hall be afterwards fued for and recovered, or otherwife duly made to appear, that then and in every fuch cafe he cr the (hall refpc&ively refund and pay back to the adminiftrator his or her rateable part of fuch debt or debts, and of the cofts of fuite and charges of the adminiftrator bv reafon of fuch debt, out of the part and (hare fo as aforefaid allotted to him or her, thereby to enable the faid adminiftrator to pay and fa-tisfy the faid debt or debts fo diicovexed after the diftri-bution made as aforefaid.

V.	Pro-

Heir at lav

Digitized by LjOOQie

Not to extend

The ftoentb Tear of William TIT.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That in all cafes where the ordinary hath ufed heretofore to grant adminiftration cum t eft ament o aennexot he (hall continue fo to do, and the will of the deceafed in fuch teftament expreffed (hall be performed and obferved tn fuch manner as it (hoold have been if this ad t0 had never been made.	•	“	""

%Q

VI.	Provided always. That neither this aft, nor any thing therein contained, (hall be conftrqed to extend to the

eftates of femes crjert that ihali die inteftate, but that their 0f/gmes^cover^ hujbands may demand and have adminiftration of their J	'	1

rights, credits, and other perfonal eftates, and recover and enjoy the fame, as they might have done before the making of this aft.

VII.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enafted, whemdmi-That no adminiilrator (hall from henceforth be cited into niftrator* may any of the courts in this aft mentioned, to render an ac- bc c*tcd to account of the perfonal eftates of his inteftate, otherwife than count*

by an inventory or-inventories thereof, unlefs it be at the inllance or profecution of fome perfon or perfons in behalf of a minor, or having a demand out of fuch eftate as a creditor, or next of kin, and (hall not be compellable to account before any the ordinaries or judges by this aft empowered and appointed to take the fame, otherwife than as is aforefaid.

VIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore- Brothers and faid. That if after the death of a father, any of his ch»l- fifters.

dren (hall die inteftate without wife or children, in the life time of the mother, every brother and filler, and the reprefentatives of them, (hall have an equal (hare with her; any law, ufage,orcuilom to the contrary notwithftanding.

IX.	And whereas it hath been heietofore ufed. That in cafe any executor or adminiilrator to any perfon deceafed, did obtain any judgment or judgments in law in any of his Majefty’s courts of record within this kingdom of Ireland, in his or their own name or names, for apy debt due unto his or their teftator or inteftate, and did happen to die before any execution fued forth by him or them upon fuch judgment or judgments, the effeft or benefit of* fuch judgment or judgments was wholly loft; and fuch perfon or perfons to whom letters of adminiftration of the goods unadminiftered to fuch firil teftator or inteftate were committed, could not by die rules of law, have any benefit or advantage of fuch judgment or judgments by feire facias, or otherwiie, but were forced for the recovering of fuch debt or duty, to fue forth a new original, to their great expence and delay : for remedy whereof, be it enafted by

the authority aforefaid, that from henceforth in all fuch Adminiftrator cafes it (hall and may be lawful for any adminiilrator or dt honf no*

ora of the goods unadminiftered of fuch fir ft	w/cs./a.

adminiftrators

teftator

Digitized by

2jp|i	Tbt	Ymr* y* William R

A	D-	ttfetor or kwrifeto so Aio forth: toy writ or writs of y?*V.

16^5.	/**». upon any fech judgment or judgments ft> Wei and*

Chap. 6L obtained in the nanm or names of Aids, executor or afe* mWeftratep, and have the benefit and advantage of fnefe judgment or judgments us feUy to all intents Mid puepofe* aft kick executor or eAmniftrator himfelf might bare had, if he or they had been living and fund forth frock writ op writs upon any ftich judgment; any law, ouftout of ofi^e to thn contrary hereof in any wife notwtthfronding.

Juxrtxh) enf- X. And whereas it hae been held, that* there is a certrix* tom nude void, eufeovn- within this kingdom of Ireland to the efreft foliow.

mg, that it. tx> fey, iteit if any perfon cfcy* peffcfted of 00 imkkd to any good** things in astern* or perfenri oftneo whatfoever; and having at the time of his deaths a wife, oe child, or children, that in fuck safe ail the feid cAare is ' to bo divided ’»**♦ throe equal parts, whereof cue third port belongs to the wife, another to the child or child rets pod tfer owe third poet only to ho fobjed to the difpeft* lien of the party deceafed hy h» fed will or erfeatnt, in cafe ho make any, or to go in a courie of admtriftr*-tion itt cafe ho dye fetofrncc; and if be learn a wife orif» nod no child or children, then the feid eft ate to be divided into two parts, whereof the one meiety ter go to the wife, nod the other moiety only ta be fobjeri to hi* difoofitioir tf will as aforefaid, oiherwife to go in a courfe of admriullra* tion Hvcafe ho dye iotefrace; and fo ire like manner if he Audi Wave a child or children, and' no wife t now is is hereby declared, that the feid cu front fealt from hence* forth be abfolutely null and void to alft intents *»d p«f-pofes whatfoever, and ihall not be taken to be in force, or to be binding to any perfon or perfons whatfoever.

Xh And whereas the executors and ad adrift raters of fuch Executors, Ac. perione who haare poflefled themfeives of conftderabfe per* *22* uu* *ona^ fft**c* other dead perfons, and converted the fame * to their own rie, have no reoiody by the rides of the com-saen law, as it now frauds, to pjy the debts of thofe pee-fens whofe effete hath been fe converted by thrir tc Aster or intofrato, which hath been found very nufehiovous, and many creditors defeated of their juft debts, although their debtors left behind them faficknc so fetish# the feme with a treat overplus 1 for. remedy whereof, be k Amber notified by the authority aforefei4, that *U and every the executors and admiriftrators of any perfeo or peridot, who j|s executor or executors in hia or their own wrong, or as. adrairifWtter, fhall, from and after the frfrh day of November, in this prefent year of our Lord one theufrnd fee hundred ninety and five, wafte or convert any goods, chat-.	das,	eftate,	or afTetts of any perfon deceafed, to tMr

pftnoft, (hall be liable aad chargeable to make go«4 the fane otitof tbe aCttt of kwh teft^tor or iafeiate.

CHAT.

Digitized by

Google

5?i fifteenth Toar of Wiliam l|k

A. D.

CHAP. VU,	i**j.

Jfn Aft for ronuvimg t*wo Statutes UttAy expired, and making thorn perpetual i and for avoiding unmctffdry

Suito* and Delays.

WHEREAS In a Pariiamem keld in the (cveatneiuh. Statute* 17 eighteenth years of the reign of Ring Charier * ^ the fecond, the fevgrai ftatuees hereafter mentioned, were ^ J J ena&cd, vise, one aft intituled, An Aft to prevent delaps pcrpattal in extending fiaiutes, judgments, and recegnitumces ; and pne other aft imitated* An Aft to prevent arrofU of judg~ aunts and fuperftdmf executions } both which afts are now expired, but Dy experience have been found u» be good and profitable laws for th>6 kingdom, and fit to be revived and made perpetual: be it therefore eno&ed by the King’*

?»oft excellent Majefly, by and with the advice and coofcnt of the lords fpiriuul and temporal and the coounona in this prefeiK parliament afftmbled, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid fevcral ftatutes, and every of tkcm» and all and every the branches and daufes in them and every ef them contained, are hereby revived, and (hall from henceforth be, repaaki, and continue in force and effeft for ever.

II.	And be it further enaAed by the authority aforefotd. Death of eh That in all aftfons real and ptrfon^l, or mixt, the death of ihcr party oat either> party between the rerdift and the judgment fhall error, pot be hereafter alledged for error, fo as judgment be entered within tvyo terms after fuch verdift.

CHAP. VIII.

An Aft for Redrefi of lncmrvenitndas fir vusmt of Proof of the Dtteafes of Per fins beyond the Sons, or akfinting tbentfotvos, upon vtbofi Lives Efiatos do depend.

WHEREAS divers lords of manors and others have ufed to grant dtektes by Icafe for one or mere life or lives, or eWe for years determinable upon one or more Ufa pr lives; and it hath often happened, that fuck perfon or per-fons, for whofe life or lives fuch effaces have been mated, have gone beyond the teas and ^hfented themfiaves for inany years, that the lefibrs and revertiooers cannot find put whether fuch perfon or perfons be alive or dead, by reafon whereof fuch leffors and revertioners have been held opt of pofTefiion of their tenements for many years after aU the lives upon which fuch eftates depend are dead, in regard that the leflora and foe revertiooers, when they havn brought adhons for the recovery of their tenements, have been put upon it to prove the death of thejr tenants, when it U

ahpoft

Digitized by i^ooQie

Pcrion* ab-fent fcycn year#, deemed drad, if do proof giTtn to the contrary.

"Where juror* upon fuch trial may be challenged.

If fidd perfons return, or proved to have l.ccn living, leffee may re-enter and recover damage*.

Ybe feveatb Year cf William III; almoft Impoffible for them to difeover the fame : for remedy of which mifehief fo frsq-i-miy happening to fuch leflfors or revertioners, be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal and the commons in this prefent Parliament aflfcmblcd, and by the authority of the fame. That if fuch perfon or perfons, for whofe life or lives fuch eftates have been or (hall be granted as aforefaid, (hall remain beyond the feas, or elfewhrre abfent themfelvcs in this realm, by the fpace of feven years together, and no fufficienl and evident proof be made of the lives of fuch perfon or perfons rcfpedively, in any adion commenced for the recovery of fuch tenements by the letforsor revertioners, theirs heirs or affigns y the judges, before whom fuch adion (hall be brought, ihall direct the jury ter give tnetr verdid, as if the perfon fo remafcing beyond the feas, or orherwife abfenting hiinfelf, were dead.

1[. And be it further enaded, That in 2ny fuch adion wherein the life or death of any fuch perfon or perfons ihall come in queftion between the leflor or revertioner and the tehant in poflefllon, it (hall and may be lawful for the leflor Or revertioner to take exception to any of the jurors returned for the trial of that caufe, that the greateft part of the real edits of any fuch juror is held by leaf® for life or lives, who upon proof thereof Ihall be fet afide, as in cafe of other legal challenges.

IH. Provided always, and be it enaded. That if any perfon or perfons (hill be evidrd out of any lands or tenements hy virtue of this ad, aid afterwards, if fuch perfon or perfons, upon whofe life or lives fuch eliate or eftates depend, (hall return again from beyoni the feas, or flull on proof, in any adion to be bro »gnt for the recovery of the lame, be made appear to be living, or to have heen living at the time of the evidion, that then and from thenceforth, the tenant or leflee, who was outed of the fame, his or their executors, adminirtrators, or atfigns, (hall or may re-enter, re-poflfefs, have, hold, and enjoy the faid lands or tenements, as in his or their former eliate, for and during the life or lives, or fo long term as the faid perfon or perfons upon whofe life or lives the faid eftate or eilates depend, (hall be living; and fnall alfo upon adion or actions to be brought by him or them again ft the leflfors, revertioners, or tenants in poflfcllion, or other perfons refpec-tively, which fince the time of the faid evidion received the profits of the faid land* or tenements, recover for damages the foil profits of the faid lands or tenements re-fpe&ively, with lawful intereft, for and from the time that he or they were outed of the faid lands or tenements, and kept and held out of the fame by the faid leflors, revertioners, tenants, or other perfons, who after the daid evidion received

Digitized by LjOOQle

ftventb Year of William III. ceived the profits of the faid lands or tenements, or any of them refpeftively, as well in the cafe where the faid perfon OT“ perfons, upon whofe life or lives loch eftate or eftatei did depend, are or lhall be dead at the time of bringing the (aid action or actions as if the faid pexfon or perfoiu were then living.

C H A P. IX.

c	-

An AQ for the more effeftncd fupprejfing of Profane Cuffing and Swearing

HE RE AS it is found by experience, that an aft of Parliament made in the tenth and eleventh year* of the reign of King Charles the firft, intituled, An A3 to prevent and reform probhane /wearing and citrfing, *'	v*'

hath proved ineffeftual to the fuppreffing of thofe detefta-ble (ins, by reafon of fome deficiency m the faid aft: be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, Forfcitar^ by and with the advice and content 9f the lords fpiritual for	^

and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament af-fembled, and by authority of the fame. That if any per-(on or perfons (hall after the fifth day of November, in this prefent year of our lord one thoufand fix hundred ninety and five, prophanely fwear and curfe in the prefence or hearing of any juftice of peace of the county, divifion, or rc™5iFuJllce. of the mayor, or other head officer or juftice of peace,	juiuc*, -

for any city or town-corporate, where fuch offence is or (hall be committed, or that (hall be thereof conviftcd by the oath of one witnefs, or by the confeflion of the party offending, before any juftice of the peace of the county, or mayor or bayliff, or other chief officer, or juftice of the peace of fuch city or town corporate, where the faid ofifente (hall be committed; that then for every fuch offence, the party fo offending fhall forfeit and pay to the ufe of the poor of the pariih, where fuch offence or of- Forfctafet forces lhall be committed, the refpeftive fums herein after to poor, mentioned : that is to fay, every fervant, day-labourer, • common foldier, and common feaman, one (hilling, and every other perfon two ihillings: and in cafe any of the perfons aforelaid lhall after conviftion offend a fecond time, fuch perfons lhall forfeit and pay double; and if a third time, treble the fum refpcftively by him or her to. be paid for the firft offence.

II. And it is hereby further enafted. That upon negleft . .. or refiifal of payment of the faid forfeiture, any juftice of peace of the county, or mayor, or other head -officer, or juftice of peace of any city or town corporate where the faid offence lhall be committed, lhall and are hereby authorized and required to direft and fend his warrant to th^

\ql- II.	R	ooidhbley

Digitized by LjOoq le

Tbt fivcmb Yutr §f Wiflixrt III* conftable, tythinjf-man, church-warder, or overieef of the poor of the pen lb whert the offence (hall be committed, or where the offender (hall inhabit, thereby commanding them, or fome one or more of them, to levy by diftreit and tele of the goods of the offender, the fum fo forfeited for the ufe of the poor of the parifh as afotefaid ; and in cafe no fuch diftrefs can be had, then every fuch offender, being above the age of fixteen years, fhall by warrant under the hand and teal of the faid juflice of peace, or other Set in docks, officer as aforefaid, be pubhckly fet in the docks for the ifno diftreis and fpace of one hour for every fingle offence, and for any above 16:	number of offences whereof he (hall be convifted at one

and the fame time, then two hoars; and if the party offending be under the age of fixteen years, and fhall not forthwith pay the faid forfeitures, then he or (he (hill, by if under whip- warrant *• aforefaid, be whipt by the conftable, or by the

ped.

rttlalty upon augiffrates.

Sknetal iffue, treble cods.

Psofeciition in ten days.

To he read in churthcs.

parent, guardian, or mailer of fuch offender, in the pre-lence of the conftable.

III.	And be it further enabled. That if any jnftice of the peace or chief magiflrate (hall wilfully and willingly omit the performance of his duty in the execution of this aft, he fhall forfeit the fum of five pounds : the one movecy to the ufe of tho informer, to be recovered by aftion, (oiter bill, or plaint, hi any of his Majefty’s courts, wherein no effoyne, protection, or wager of law (hall be allowed, not any more than one imparlance granted^

IV.	And it is hereby further enafted, That if any afttoa or fuite (hall be commenced or brought againil any juftiee of peace, conftable. Or other officer or perfon whatfoever, for doing or cauling to be done any thing in purfuance of this aft concerning me (aid offences, the defendant in Juch aftioa may plead the general iifae, and give the fpecial matter in evidence; and upon fuch aftion verdift be given for the defendant, or the plaintiff become non-fuite, cr difeondooe his aftion, then the defendant (hall have treble cods.

V.	Provided always, and it is hereby enafted. That no perfon (hail be profecuted or troubled for any offence againil this ftatuce, unlefs the fame be proved or profecuted within ten days next after the offence committed.

VI.	And it is further enafted by the authority aforeteid. That this aft (hall be publickly read four times in the year in all parifh churches and ail publick chappels, by the parfon, vicar, or curate of the refpeftive parities or chap-pels, immediately after morning prayers on four fever al Sundays; that is to fay, the Sunday next after the fifth day of November in this prefent year of onr Lord one thouland fix hundred ninety five; the fifth day of February following ; the fifth day of May which will be in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred ninety fix ; and the fifth day of Auguft following, under the pain of twenty (hillings for every fuch omifiion or negleft*

Digitized by Google

Ybe frventh Year of ‘William III.	359

VII.	And be it further ena&ed by authority afore {aid,	A. D.

That the juftices of peace, mayor, or other head of- 1695. ficer, fhall remitter in a book, to be kept for that purpofc, all the conditions made before him upon this ad, and the Convi£ion» time of making thereof, and for what offence; and fhall regiftcrcJ, &c. certifie the fame to the next general quarter feffions of the peace for the faid county or place where the offences are committed, to be there kept upon record by the refpellive clerks of the peace, to be feen without fee or rewards.

CHAP. X.

An AS to take away Damage clear*	1

WHEREAS the moneys which are taken by prothono* taries of your Majefty’s courts of King’s Bench and Common Pleas, and by the clerk of your Majefty’s court of Exchequer at Dublin, and the clerks and prothonotaries n any other court within this realm, in the name of dam- Demnmcl*-na cUricorum 9 or damage clear, are an unneceflary charge riorum abeli&» and burthen to all your Majefty’t fubje&s, who have good caufe, and put to fue for damage in altions where damages are recoverable: for avoiding of which inconve-fciency for the future, and that your Majefty’s fubje&s may have an cafier means for the recovery of their damages and juft rights, which are unjuftly detained from them, may it pleate your moft excellent Majefty that it may be cnaded, and his moft excellent Majefty, being willing upon all occafions to eafe his fubjeds of all unnecefiary charges and burthens, is gracioufly pleafed that it be ena&ed; and be it enalted by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament a He ra bled, and by the authority of the fame, That no damage clear lhaH, by any title or pretence whatfoever, be due, payable, taken, or received from any perfon or perfons, in any altion whatfoever fued or profecated in any of his Majefty’s courts at Dublin, or elfewhere within the kingdom of Ireland, by any prothonotary, clerk or clerks, or other officer or p1®1**, officers of the faid courts refpedivcly; ^nd that the faid t ’art-fee of damna ckricor, or damage clear, fhall wholly ceafe,	*

and be for ever abolifhed in die faid courts; and that if any prothonotary, clerk or clerks, or other officer in any of the (aid courts,' (hall take or exalt any ium or ferns of money, in the name of damna clericor. or damage clear, or any thing in lieu thereof; or if any of the faia prothonotaries, clerk or clerks, or their depudes, (hall exalt or take any damage dear, or fum of money, bond or fecurity, in lieu thereof, frpm any plaintiff or plaintiffs, demandant or demandants, in any a&ion where damages, have been or R z	hereafter

Digitized by v^ooQle

clergy taken away i’rom him v/ho flaks another.

The frveitth Year of William III.

A. D. hereafter (hall be recovered in any of the faid pourts, or 1695. (hall refufe or delay to fign any judgment until da mage {***~V^+*J clear be hrfc paid by the plaintiff or demandant, he or they fo offending (hall forfeit treble the fum fa taken, exacled, or,demanded, to the party or parties grieved; to be recovered by bill, plaint, or information in any of the faid courts, wherein no effoyn, prote diop, or wager of law (hall be allowed.

C H A P. XL

An A3 to take away the Benefit of Clergy from him that doth flab another, not having a Weapon drawn,

TO the end that dabbing and killing men on the fod-den, done and committed by many inhumane an$ wicked perfons in the time of their rage, drunkenness* In what c*f« hidden difpleafure, or other pallipn of mind* contrary m1 the commandment of Almighty God* and the common peace and tranquility of this replm, may from henceforth be re drained, for fear of due punifament to be iofti&cd on fuch cruel and bloody ipalefa&ors, who heretofore have been thereunto emboldened by presuming on the benefit of the clergy ; be it therefore enaded by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal and the commons in this pne-fent Parliament affembled, and by tlie authority of tbefomr. That every perfon *nd perfons who after the end of this prefent Parliament (hall dab or thru# any perfon or perfons that hath not then any weapon drawn, or that hath not then firft dricken the party which (hall fo dab or thru ft, fo as the perfon or perfons fo dabbed or thrud (hall thereof die within the fpace of fix months then next following, although it cannot be proved that the fame was done of malice fore-thought; yet the party Co offending, and being thereof convicted by verdift of twelve men, con-feinon, or other wife, according to the laws of this realm, (hall be excluded from the benefit of his or their clergy, and fuffer death as in cafe of felony, without benefit o£ clergy.

II. Provided always. That this a&, or any thing therein contained, dial! not extend to any perfon or perfons which (hall kill any perfon fe dtfendendo, or by misfortune, or in any otiver manner than as aforefaid; nor (hall extend to any perfon or perfons, who, in keeping and preferring the peace, 0^11 chance to commit man daughter, foa* the faid man (laughter be not committed wittingly, willingly, and cf purpofe, under pretext and colour of keeping the peace; nor dull extend tq any perfon or perfons, which, in chaftizefog or correcting his child or fervant, (hall, be-iides his or their intent purpofe, chance.ro commit xnaxw daughter.

CHAP

Cafes to which this adfc Hall not extend.

Digitized by

Ybe fiverth Year of William III.

CHAP. XII.

An Ad for Prevention of Frauds and Pe

FOR prevention of many fradulent pra£ttces which are commonly endeavoured to be upheld by perjury, and fubornation of perjury ; be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by aod with the advice and confent of the lords fpintual and temporal and the commons in this present Parliament ailembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the feaft day of the nativity of St. John Baptift, which lhall be in the year of oor Lord one thoufand fix hundred ninety-fix, all leafes, eftates, in-terefts, freeholds or terms of years, or any uncertain inte-reft of, into, or out of any meftuages, mannors, lands, te- OiiH have fbree ncments, or hereditaments made and created by livery of 0f eftateiat witt feiscen only, or by parole, and not put in writing, and fign- only, ed by the parties fo making and creating the fame, or their agents thereunto lawfully authorized by writing, (hall have the force and effect of leafes and eftates at will only; and (hall not either in law or equity be deemed or taken to have any other or greater force and effedl; any confide-ration for making fuch parole leafes or eftates, or any former law or ufage, to the contrary notwithftandiqg; ex- ^ cept neverthelefs all leafes not exceeding the term of three ccPtl0“-years from the making thereof, whereupon the rent referved to the landlord, during fuch term, fhall amount unto two third parts at the lead of the full improved value of the Koeftatc, thing demifed: and moreover, that no eftates, leafes, or (not copy-hold interefts, either of freehold, or term of years, or any un- or cuftomary) certain intereft, not being copy-hold or cuftomary intereft, (hall be afligned, of, into, or out of any meftuages, lands, tenements or he- ?nlc^b7 wiriu reditaments, fhall at any time after the find feaft day of ^ c* the nativity of St. John the Baptift, which fhall be in the faid year of our Lord God one thoufand fix hundred ninety and fix, be affigned, granted, or furrendered, unlefs it be by deed or note in writing, figned by the parties fo aflign-ing, granting or furrendering the fame, or their agents thereunto lawfully authorized by writing, or by aft and operation of law.

II. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

That from and after the faid feaft day of the nativity of St. not to ^ charg-

}ohn the Baptift, which fhall be in the faid year of our ed upon fpecial ,ord one thoufand fix hundred and ninety-fix, no a&ion fhall promife, &c. be brought whereby to charge any executor or adminiftrator hcr.ei.n’ upon any fpecial promife, to anfwer damages out of his own (*™£tin* *** eftate, or whereby to charge the defendant upon any fpecial promife to anfwer for the debt, default, or mifearriage of another perfon, or to charge any perfon upoi* any agree-,

meat

Digitized by UooQle

t6z

A. D. .695-Chap. 1 %■

Devife* of land mnft lie in writing, figned, attefted and fubfcribcd aa herein.

25 G. 2. ir.

How fuch devife revocable.

Detlarationa

or creation* gS trulls of land*,

Explained kj 6 Amu IO.

Hot to extend to truth arifing by implication y ACC.

Tbt feventb Year if William III. ment m*de upon con fi deration of marriage, or upon toy contract or (ale of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any intereft in or concerning them, or upon any agreement that is not to be performed within the fpace of one year from the making thereof, unlefs the agreement apon which fuch action (hall be brought, or fome memorandum or note thereof, (hall be in writing, and figned by the party to be charged therewith, or fome other perfon thereunto by him lawfully authorized.

III. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid feaft day of the nativity of St

John the Baptift, which (hall be in the faid year of our *ord one thoufand fix hundred ninety and fix, all denies and bequefts of any lands, tenements or hereditaments, de-vifable, either by force of the ftatute of wills, or by this flatute, or by force of the cuftom of any burrough, or any other particular cullom, (hall be in writing, and figned by the party fo devifing the fame, or by fome other perfon In his prefence, and by his exprefs directions, and (hall be attefted and fubferibed in the prefence qf the (aid devifor, by three or more credible witnefies, or elfe they (hall be utterly void and of none effe&: and moreover no devtfeia writing of any lands, tenements or hereditaments, that at any time after the /aid fcafl day of the nativity of St. Joha the Baptift, which (hall be in the faid year of our Lord God one thoufand fix hundred ninety and fix, be revocable, otherwife than by fome other will or codicil in writing, or other writing declaring the fame, or by burning, cancelling, tearing, or obliterating the (ame hy the teftatqr himfelf, or in his Drefencei ana by his dirqlaons and con-fent; but all devifes and bequefts of lands and tenements (hall remain and continue ip force until the fartfe be learnt, cancelled, torn,’ or obliterated by the teftator, or fils directions in manner aforefaid ;* or'unlefs the lame be altered by fome other will or codicil in writing, or other writing of the devifors, figned in the prefence of three or more witncfL es declaring the fame; any former law or ufage to the contrary notwithflanding.

IV. And be it’further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid feaft day of the nativity of St. John the Baptift, which (hall be m the faid year of our Lord God one thoufand fix hundred ninety and fix, all declarations or creations of any trulls or confidences of aqy lands, tenements, Qr hereditaments, (hall be manifetted and proved by fome writing figned by the party who is by law enabled to declare fuen triill, or by his laft will in writing, or elfe they /hall be utterly void and of none efFeft.

V. Provided always. That where any conveyance (hall be made of any lands or tenements, by which a truft or confidence (hall or may arife by implication or conftruftion of

hw.

Digitized by v^.ooQle

Ibe Jivtnib Tear ef William lit,	j‘5j

htw, or to be transferred or extinguiffied by a& or opewr- A. D. tkm of law, then, and in every fuch cafe, fuch traitor 1G95. confidence (hall be of the like force and effed as the fame Chap. ia: would have been if this ftatute had not been made ; any %~~*~y***mJ thing herein before contained to the contrary notwitb-Hading.	f

VI.	And be it farther ena&ed. That all grants and af- orauuand fignments of any truft or confidence (hall likewife be in a01gnru^«u uf writing, figned by the party granting or aligning the fame trufts. or by fuch lalt will and devife* or elfe (hall likewife be utterly void and of none effedfc.

Vi I. And be it further enaded by the authority afope-faid. That from and after the faid feaft day of the nativity of St. John the Baptift, which (hall be in the year of our Lord God one thoufand fix hundred and ninety-fix, it (ball and may be lawful for every (heriff, or other officer, hands, life. to whom any precept or writ is or (hall be direded at the j”nr*J fuit of any perfon or perfon of, for, and upon any judg- in execution ment, ftatute or recognizance hereafter to be made, or upon jU(jg. had, to do, make, and deliver execution unto the party in menu, that behalf fueing, of all fuch lands, tenements, rectories, tyths, rents, and hereditaments, as any other perfon or per-(ons be in any manner of wile feized or pofleffed in truft for him, againft whom execution is fo fued, like as the fheriff or other officer might or ought' to have dene, if the faid^ party againft whom execution hereafter (hall be fo fued had been feized of fuch lands, tenements, redories, tyths,

/ rents, or other hereditaments of fuch eftate as they be feiz-rd of in truft for him at the time of the faid execution fued; which lands, tenements, redories, tyths, rents, of other hereditaments, by force and virtue of fuch executions, (hall accordingly be held and enjoyed, freed, and flifchargcd from all incumbrances of fuch perfon or perfons, as (hall be fo fei$?d or pofteffed in truft for the perfon again ft lyhom fuch execution (hall be fued : and if any cejtuy que 1 truft, truft hereafter (hall dye, leaving a twft in fee-fimple to de-feend to his heirs, there and in every fuch cafe, fuch truft (hall be deemed and taken, and is hereby declared to be,

*fiets by defeent, and the heir (hall be lyable to and chargeable with the obligation of his anceilor for or by reaion of fuch affets, as folly and amply as he might aud ought to have been, if the eftate in law had defeended to him in	»

poffeffipn, in like manner as foe truft defeended; any law, cuftom, op ufage to the contrary in any wife notwifoftand- "

fog.

VIII.	Provided always, That no heir who (hall become Hc?rnat chargeable by reafon of any eftate or truft made affetts in tharg«*aMc out his hands by this law, (hall by reafon of any kind of plea, of his own eftate or cqnfcffion of the a&ion, or fuftering judgment by Kient hy reafra of de qfiret or any Qfocr matter, be chargeable to pay the con- W ScZ-

demnaiion	-

Digitized by Google

. Mates pomr rrft. Di/ Aevifc-mhle.

Day of fign-inp judgments fhall without fee be fee down, &e.

h 3 G a. 7. c/i ivbicb hreugbt t$ be entered. Judgment# againftpui-chafers,

and a* againft jpurcinferg (hall be judgments from time of figning only.

From what time writ* of execution (hall bind pfoperty.

ttt feienfi, Tear ? WaUa* III. damnation out of his own eft ate, hot execution Audi be feed of the whole eftate fo made affects in his hands by defetm, jn whole hands toever it fhall come after the writ purchased, in the fame manner as it is to be at and by the common law, where the heir at law pleading a true plea, judgment is prayed againll him thereupon; any thing in this prefen; aft contained to the contrary notwkhfUndir.g.

IX- And for the amendment of the iaw in the particulars following : be it further enafted by the authority afbrcfaid. That from henceforth any eftate pur outer *?e% fhall be de-vifeable by a will in writing figned hy the party (o deviling the fame, or by fome other perfbn in his prefence, and by his exprefe direction attefted and fubferibed in thb presence of the devifor, by three or more witneffes; and if no fuch devife thereof be made, the fame (hall be chargeable in the hands of the heir, if it fhall come to him by reafon of a fpecial occupancy, as aflets by defeem, as in cafe of lands ki fee-fimple ; and in cafe there be no fpecial occupant thereof, it fhall go to the executors or adminiftrators of the party that had the eftate thereof by vertue of the grant, and (hall be aflfetts in their hands.

X* And whereas it hath been found mifehierous, that judgments in the KingV courts at Dubiin do many time* relate to the firft day of the terra whereof they are entred, or to the day of the return of the original, or fileiag the bail, and bind the defendants lands from that lime, although in truth they were acknowledged, or fuftered, or figned iu the vacation-time after the laid term, whereby manv times purchasers And themfelves aggrieved : be it enafted therefore by the authority afbrefaid, That from and after the faid feaft-day of the nativity of St. John the Bap-tift, which fhall be in the faid year of our Lord God one thoufand fix hundred ninety-fix, any judge or officer m his Majefty’s courts at Dublin, that (hall fign any judgment, (hall at the figning of the fame, without fee for fo doing of the fame, fet down the day of the month and year of his fo doing, upon the paper, book, docket, or record, which be fhall fign; which day of the month and year (hall b$ alfo entered upon the margent of the roll of the record where the faid judgment fhall be entered.

XI.	And be it enafted, That fiich judgments as again ft pnrehafers, bona Juie, for valuable confiderations of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to be charged thereby, (hail ir» confider.ition of law, be judgments only from fuch time as they lhail be fo figned, and fhall not relate to the fiefb day oi the term whereof they arc entered, or the day of the return of the original, or filing die bail; any law, or ufoge or coorfe of any court, to the contrary notwithft&ndang.

XU. And be it further enafted by the authority atore-faid. That from and after the faid feaft-day of the nativity of bt. John the Baptfft, which fhall be’ in the faid year of our Lord God one thoufand fix hundred ninety and fix, no

writ

Digitized by v^ooQle

9%e fevtnth Tkar tf William III-'Wlrit 6ffier.fac. or other writ of etecurtlott lhall bind the prO- A. f>.

* perty of the goods of the party againft whom fuch writ of 'execution is iued forth, bat from the timefoch writ fhall be ^bap. la, delivered to the fherifF, under-fhcriff, or coroner to be et-ecuted : and for the better manifeftation of the faid time, the fherifF, under-fherifF, and coroners, their deputies and agents, fhall upon the receipt cf any fuch Writ, without fee for doing the fame, endorfe upon the backfide thereof the day of the month and year whereon he or they received the fame.

XIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- Contra&*foiTale

faid. That from and after the faid feaft^day of the nativity	I°r	lok

of St. John the Baptift, which lhall be in the faid year of°r uI*WAr

our Lord God one thoufand fix hundred and ninety fit, tfa contra# for the fale of any goods, wares, or merchandizes, for the price of ten pounds fieri. or upwards, fhall be allowed to be good, except the buyer fhall accept part of the goods fo Told, and actually receive the fame, or give fowiething in earneft to bind the bargain, or in part of payment, or that fome note or memorandum in writing of the faid bargain be made and figned by the parties to be charged by fuch central, or Other agents thereunto lawfully authorized.

XIV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aford- Day tfia-faid. That the day of the month and year of the inrolmeftt

of the recognizances, fhall be fet down in the ttargent the roll, .where the faid recognizances are mrolled; and that from and after the faid FealLday of St. John the Baptift, which fhall be in the faid year of our Lord God one thoufand fix hundred and ninety-fix, no recognizance# fhall bind any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, in the hands of any purchafer bona fide, and for valuable confideration, but from the time of fuch inrolment; any law, ufage, or courfc of any court, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XV.	And for prevention of fraudulent practices in letting up nuncupative wills, which have been the occaflon of much peijury, be k enadted by the authority aforefaid.

That from and after the faid fcaft-day of St. John the Bap- Nuncupative

tilt, which (hall be in the faid year of out Lord God one Wills.

thoufand fix hundred ninety fix, no nuncupative will fhall be

good, where the eftate thereby bequeathed lhall exceed the

value of thirty pounds, that is not proved by the oaths of

three witneffes (at lead) that were prefent at the makirtg

thereof; nor unlefs it be proved that the teftator, at the

time of pronouncing tne fame, did bid the perfons prefent,

or fbme of them, bear witnefs that fach was his will, or to ExplaUti hj

that effect; nor unlefs fuch nuncupative will were made in $ Aane is.

the time of the laft ficknefs of the deceafed, and in the houfe

of his or their habitations or dwelling, or where he or fhe

hath bee* rchdcnc for the fpace of tea days or more nett

before

Digitized by v^ooQle

TefHmony

thereof.



Ybe fiventb Yoar of WilHlXB Ifl. before the making of fuch will • except where fitch { were furprized or taken fick, being from hU own home, and dyed before he returned to the place of his or her dwell* ing.

XVI.	And be it further enafted, That after fix months paflfed after the fpcaking of the pretended teftamentary words, no teftimony fluff be received to prove any will nuncupative, except the faid teilimony, or the fub&ance thereof, were committed to writing within fix days after the making of the faid will,

XVII.	And be it further eaafted, That no letters tefta*

mentary or probate of any nuncupative	will (hall pafs the

feal of any court, till fourteen days at	the icaft after the

deceafe of the teftator be fully expired ;	nor (hall any nun-

cupative will be received to be proved* unlefs procefs have fir ft iffoed to call in the widovv or next of kindred to the deccafed, to the end they may corned (he fame, if (bey pienfe.

Vo will in	XVIII. And be it further enafted, That no will la writ-

writing altered	ing, concerning any goods or chattels,	or perfotal eftate,

by word of	(hall be repealed ; nor (hall any claufe,	dfvife, or hequeft

■■•“th.	(herein, be altered or changed by words or will* by word rf

mouth only, except the fame be in the life of the (eftator committed to WBftPg ; *nd after the writing thereof read unto the terror, and allowed by him, and proved (a fee *	fo done by three witnefles at the lead.

XfX- Provided always. That notwith(banding this aft, any foldier being in aftual miliury fervice, or any mariner or feaman being at fea, may difpofe of his moveables, wag-ej, and perfonal eftate, as he or they might have done before the nuking of this ad.

XX. And it is hereby declared. That nothing in this aft •fesarts for pro-(hall extend to alter or change the jurifdiftion or rights of hatt* of wills probates of wills concerning perfonal e (bates; but that the wdSatSfinreT PrerogWe court of the archbiiftop of Armagh, and other ‘ eccleiialtical courts, and other courts having right to tho probate of fuch wills, (hall retain the fame right and power as they had before in every refpeft ; fufcyeft nevertheiefs to the rules and directions of this aft.

C H A P. X1U.

An All for the more eajy difobnrging of Sheriffs ufen their* Accounts ; and from being Jufttfes if the Peace.

WHEREAS divers fircriffs pf counties within this kingdom of Ireland have been often troubled and vexed long time after they have refpeftively palled their accounts, and obtained their quietus eji, and charged anew 'with arrearages, debts and fums of money pretended (o

have

Wills by fol-dim and frames excepted.

Jurifdi&ios

Digitized by (^.ooQle

Sheriffs bav*>

72# jevea tb Tear ef WilKaro JS, hare been by them levied or received, *nd not by thflp formerly accounted for, to tb« great difconragement pf others to take upon them the faid office : his mod excellent Majefty is therefore gracioufly pleafed that it may be enacted, and be it enaded by the king's moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament af-

fembled, and by anthority of the fame, That all and every___________________

Iheriff or iberiffs, who already have pafled their accounts fag puffed ac-an<J obtained their quietus, and all and every iheriff or ffie- count* and ob-riffs, who hereafter (hall pafs his or their accounts, and t?*15*1 quietus have his or their quietus eft, that then, and from thence* ^ forth the faid iheriff and (herifFs, his and their heirs, exe- fa f0;£ ycarg> enters, and adminiilratcrs, lands, tenements, goods and chattels are ?nd ihall be abfolutely difcharged of and from ^11 manner gf fum and fums of money, which he or they Ihall have fo levied or received, and pretended not to be accounted for within the faid account, whereupon he or they had his or their quietus eft^ uqlefs fuch iheriff or (heriffs, their executors or admimftrators, have been or ihall be called in qqe&ion for fuph fum or fums of money# to be levied or received, and not accounted for, within the fpace of four years after the time of fuch account palled, and quietus eft obtained : and th?t every officer or miniver that Penalty on of-ihall fend out or caufe to be feet out any writ or procefs* ficers fending or by vyhqfe default any writ or procefs ffiall be lent out writ* contrary contrary to the tenor of this ad, ihall for every fuch offence 10 forfeit and pay to the party grieved by fuch writ or procefs the fum of forty pounds, with his coils and damages; the faid fum of forty pounds and the laid coils and damages to be recovered by adiou of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Dublin, at foe election of the plaintiffs or profecutors, wherein no priviledge, protedion, effoyn, or wager of law, ffiall be allowed to the defendant.

IJ. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,	t

That every fuch offender, being three times lawfully con- 1aa55icc#*r yided of any fuch offence or offences contrary to the true meaning gf fois ad, ibai!, from and after fuch their (aid convidion, be utterly cfifabled to Jpld or execute by him-jTelf, his deputy or deputies, any office Or imployment in any court ot juffice whatfpever.

III.	And whereas divers perfons. being jn cornmiffion of	or

the peace, haye been made iberiffs or lobtheriiTs of foe fub, dot to add fame county where thpy were in Tuch commiffion, or, be- juftice of peace, ing iberiffs or fub-Oieriljii, have been after jifot into foe * pommiffion Of the peace ip toe county where they we^e iberiffs or fub-iheriffs, and have exercifed both the laid offices at once in the fame county, which is found to be inconvenient : for remedy wbjftgf it ena&c^ by the au-/ *	thpritf

Digitized by LjOOQle

548	The	Jhventh	Yedr of Wflliaih III.

A. fa. thority afbrefaid, That no peirfon or perfons having, 1695. ufing, or exercifing the office of (heriff Or fub-lheriff of dr V—-*-v**0 in any ebunty or counties, (hall ufe Or exercife the office of juftice of the pedee in the fame courtty or counties where he or they lhall be ftieriffor fub-fheriff, daring the time that hfe or they lhall ufe or exercife the faid office oflheriff or fub-fheriff ; and that a!! and every att and a&s to be donefiroiii and after the end of this prefent feffion of Parliament, as a jafBceofthe peace, by any fa:h Iheriff or fnb-lheriff, during the time of his being fheriff or fub-fheriff, lhall be void and of none effeft, ana (hall lofe and forfeit for every Tmlty 20J. fuch offence the Aim of twenty pounds; one moiety thereof to be to the ufe of his Majefty, his hears and fucceffots ; the other moiety to him who fhall fue for and recover the fariie by action of debt, bill, plaint, or inforrriation, hi any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Dublin, wherein no ef-foyn, protedion, or wager of law. Hull be allowed.

CHAP XIV.

jfn AS declaring which Day r in the Year Jhedl he obferved as Hity Days.

T7HEREAS many idle perfons refafe to work at their VV lawful calling and labour on fcveral days in the year, on pretence that the fame is dedicated to fome faint, or pretended faint, patron or pretended patron, for whom they have or pretend to have reverence or refped, andchufe rather to fpend lucli dayes iti idlcnefs, drunkennefs, and vic£, to the fcandal of religion, rather than following and working in their lawful calling and ufual imployment, which hath been found by experience to tend very much to the impoverifhing and hindring the improvement of this king-Labourcrs or dom : for remedy whereof, be it ena&ed by the King’s fervantsrefillingmoftexcellent Majefty, by and with the advice and content daysman	lorc^s fplr*tual a^d temporal and commons in this pre-

thofe appointed fent Parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, by this adt, or that if any common labourer, being hired or other fervaftt uponextraordi- retained, lhall refute to work upon any other day than the nary occafions, fevcrai Jays hereafter mentioned, being thereunto required, poor.129 t0t C°Pon the ufual ar.d accuftomed wages, (that is to fay) all Sundays in the year, the day of the feaft of the circumcifi-on of our Lo d Jefus Chriit, of the epiphany, of the con-♦	verfion	of St. Paul, of the purification of the Bleffed Vir-

gin ; cf Saint Matthias the apoftle, of the annunciation cf the Bleffed Virgin, of Saint Mark the Evangelift, of Saiftt Philip and Jaccb theapollles, of Saint Barnabas the apoftle, of the afcenfion of our Lord Jefus Chrift, of the nativity of Saint John the Baptift, of Saint Peter the apoflfBf^of Saiht James the upoftle, of Saint Bartholomew the apoftle, of Saitit Matthew the apoftle, of Saint Michael the Arch-angel, of

Saint

Digitized by C^ooQle

Tbi fiventb Ytqr of William IU.	269

Sfljuat Luke the Evangelift, of Saint Simon and Stint Jude A. D. ti*e apoftlps, of All-faints, 0/ Saint Andrew theapo&C. of 1695. Saint Thomas the apoltle, of the nativity of our Lord, of Chap. 14. SU^nt Stephen the Martyr, of Saint John the Evangelift, of the holy innocents, Monday and Tu^fday in Eafter week,

Monday and Tuefday in Whitfoa week, the twenty-third of October, fifth of November, the thirtieth day of January, and twenty ninth day of May, yearly: and that no other day, except the days aforefaid, and (uch other days af pn fome extraordinary occafions (hall hereafter be let apart by order of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, or the cijief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, ihall be kept, or commanded to be kept holy, or to * abftam from lawful bodily labour; eveiy fuch perfon or perfons fo refufing, being thereof lawfajly convi&ed by his or their own confeflion, or by the teftimony of one or more fufi&cieqt vyitnefs or witoeffes upon oath before any juftice of tfie peace in any county, mayor/or other chief officer of any city, butrough, town, or corporation, who (hall have power by veftue of this ftatute to tnimfter fuch oaths where the offence fhall bf committed, or the party offending apprehended, ftttU forfeit the fumof two ihillings, to be paid at fuch time, or tp fuch perfpn as by the faid juftice of the peace, or other clpsf officer aforefaid, (hall be appointed, to be difpof-ed of to the poor of the parilh where fuch offence (ball be committed ; and if fuch offender or offenders (hall neglect or refufe to pay the fijid fums to be «ffeffed or appointed aforefaid, then the faid juftice of the peace, or other head officer aforefaid, (hall commit all and every On default of fuch offender and offenders to fome conftable, or other in- payment whip-fi^rior officer of the county, city, town, or corporation, Pcd* where the faid offence (hall be committed, or the party apprehended, to be publickly whipped; which puniffiment fha.ll be publickly inffi&ed and executed upon fuch offenders within the fpupe of twenty four hours after fuch or-dfr mi?*

II. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That Penalty on if any conftable or inferior officer aforefaid, do refufe, or Conftable, &c. do not at the commandment of any juftice of the peace, or refufing to exe-offier chief officer of any county, city, town, or corporati- cutepuniffi- „ on, execute by himfelf, or by fome other to be by him pro-cured, the puniffiment aforefaid upon, all fuch offenders, that in that c^fe it (hall, and may be lawful for the feid juf-tipe of the peace, and all and every other juftice or juftlces : of th$ peace, or chief officer of any fuclv county, city, town, or corporation, upon fufficieut information thereof, to bind over inch conftable, or inferior town-officer, to the nf*t general quarter-feffipns of the peace, or general affizes Of goal-delivery, which (hall firft happen, there to be, proceeded againft for fuch bU contempt; and in cafe he (hall; bp fpyfrid guilty thereof, upon examination of one or more

witnefs

Digitized by LjOOQle

a 70

A- D.

No jnftke* fee. to execute for offence to him-fell, or complaint not in ten **Th

fh fioenth Yuar rf William ftl. witnefs or Witnefles, he (hall be fined at the difcretSon of the court, fo at fuch fine for every fuch offence do noc exceed the fum of twenty (hillings.

III. Provided always. That no juftice of the peace, or head officer of any town or corporation, do execute this ftatute for any offence done onto hiihfelf, or whereof complaint was not made within ten days after fuch refbfal to work, as afbrefaid; and all juffket of affize and gaol-delivery are hereby required to give this aft in charge at every affize or gaol-delivery within the feveral counties of their circuits; and to enquire of, hear and determine the negleft of all juffices of the peace, and others, in the due execution of this ftatute.

CHAP. XVH.

F)J

di

Am Aa fir the bttter OhfinmoHeu tf the L*rdys-Deyw

commonly colled Sundry.

)R the better cbfervatkm and keeping hoty die Lord’s-

__ day, commonly called Sunday ; be it enafted by the

King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritoal and temporal and commons in thid prefent Parliament aflcmbled, and by the authority ^ of the lame. That all and every perfon and perfons what-foever fhall on every Lord’s-day apply themfcIves to the ob-LordVday. ferradon of the fame, by excrcinng themfelves thereon is ** the duties of piety and true religion publickly and privately : and that no tradefman, artificer, workman, labourer, or other perfon whatfoever, fhall do or exercife any No worldly worldly labour, bufinefs, or work of their ordinary callings labour or cxlLng upon the Lord’s-ds>, or any part thereof (works of neceffity —1weifed.	and charity only excepted :) and that every perfon, being

of the age of fourteen years, or upwards, offending in the premises, fhall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of Penalty$t. five (hillings; and that no perfon or perfons whatfoever fhall publickly cry, fhew fortn or expofe to (ale any wares, merchandizes, fruit, herbs, goods or chattels whatfoever upon the LordVday, or any part thereof, upon pain that every perfon fo offending mail forfeit the fame goods fo »a cucd. crjccj^ or (bdved forth, or expofed to fale.

No drover, IL And it is further enafted, That no drover, horfe-Vc. to travel on courier, waggoner, carrier, butcher, higler, their or any •anday on pain 0f their fervants, (hall travel, or come into his or their ios or lodging, upon the Lord’s-day, or any pan thereof, upon pain that each and every fuch offender fhall forfeit twenty fhillings for fuch offence.

111.	And for prevention of diforders mid breaches of the peace, which commonly happen in divers parts of the kingdom, by rcafon of tumultuous and difbnkrly meetings.

•f set.

Digitized by Google

The frveuih Tear of William III.	if	I

which have been, and frequently are ufed on the Lord’s- A, P. day, commonly called Sunday, under pretence of hurling, '	1695.

commoning, foot-ball playing, cudgels, wreftling, or other Chap. 17* fports; be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid,

That no perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall play, ufe, or exercife any hurling, commoning, foot-ball playing, cud-gels, wreftling, or any other games, pa (limes, or fports on	***

the Lord’s-day, or any part thereof: and if any perfon or * J perfons (hall offend therein, and be thereof convicted in fuch manner as herein after directed, every fuch perfon and perfons (hall forfeit the fum of twelve pence fieri. for evfcry fuch offencef to be immediately paid to fucn juftice of the peace, officer or officers, before whom fuch conviction (hall he : and that if any perion offending againft this aCl, or any thing therein contained, (hall be thereof convi&ed before any juftice of the peace of the county, or of the chief officer or of- J®"** cers, or any juftice ofthe peace, ofor within any city, burrough, wartMl » or town corporate, where the faid offence (hall be committed, upon his or their view, or cbnfeffion of the party, or proof of any one or more witneffes by oath, which the faid juftices, chief officer or officers, is by this ad authorized to adminifter; the faid juftice, or chief officer or officers (hall give warrant under his or their hands and feats to the con (tables or church-wardens of the parifh or parifhes, where fuch offence (hall be committed, to feize the faid goods cried, (hewed forth or put to fale as aforefaid, and to fell the fame; and to levy the faid other forfeitures or penalties by way of diftrefs and fale of the goods of every t0| hr Of fuch offender diftrained, rendring to the faid offender the trc&/< overplus of the monies raifed thereby: and in default of fuch diftrefs, or in cafe of inefficiency or inability of the faid offender to pay the faid forfeitures and penalties, that then the party offending be fet 'publicicly in the flocks by Offenden&t the (pace of two hours; and all and lingular the forfeitures in docks, or penalties aforefaid (hall be employed and converted to the ufe of the poor of the parifh where the (aid offences (hall be committed,; faving only that it (hall and may be lawful to and for any juftice, mayor, or head officer or officers, out of the faid forfeitures or penalties to reward any perfon or perfons that (hall inform of any offence Informs againil this aft, according to their difcretions; (o as fuch reward exceed not the third part of the forfeitures or penalties : provided that nothing in this aft contained (hall extend to the prohibiting of djeffing meat in families, or dreffing or felling of meat in inns, cooks (hops, orvi&n- Not to extend aJling-houfes, for fuch as otherwise cannot be provided; to mMf&oboK* nor the crying or felling of milk or fifh before ten pf the **• clock in the morning, or after foar of the clock in the afternoon; nor to the u£ng of hackney coaches in or about the city of Dublin.

iv. rr*

✓

Digitized

d by Google

2ft	Tie	fmwtib	Tear af William III.

A. JX	' IV. Provided alfo, That no perfon or perfons (haft be'

169$.	iippeached, ptofccuted, or molefted, for any offence before-

Chap* 17* mentioned in this ad, unlefs he or they be profecuted for the fame within ten days after the offence committed. Profecution V. Provided, and be it further ena&ed by the authority in ten 4ap. aforefoid, That if any perfon or perfons whatfoever, which The hundred travel on the Lord’s-day, (hall be then robbed, that not anfwerablc no hundred, or the inhabitants thereof, (hall be charged for robberies, with or anfwerable for any robbery fo committed; but the perfon or perfons fo robbed (haH be barred from bringing any aftion for the (aid robbery; any law to the contrary notwitb (landing.	„	*

YI. Neverthclefs the inhabitants of the counties, hundreds, or baronies, after notice of any fuch robbery to .	them or fome of them given, or after huy and cry for the

norice<Jf	fame to be brought, (hall make, or caufe to be made, frefli

w foite and purfuite after the offenders, with horfe-men and footmen, according to the ffatute made in the tenth year of the reign of King Charles the fcrft, upon pain of forfeiting to the King’s Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, as much money as might have been recovered againft the faid hundred or barony by the party robbed, as u this lair had not been made.

Service of pro- VII. Provided alfo, and be it ena&ed, That-no perfon ccfs on Sunday, or perfons upon the Lord’s-day^ commonly called Sunday, (hall ferve, or execute, or caufe no be ferved or executed, any writ, procefs, warrant, order, • judgment, or decree (except in cafes of treafon, felony, or breach of the peace) ; but that the fervice of eveiy foch writ, procefe, warrant, order, judgment, or decree, (hail be void to all intents and purpofes whatfoever ; and the perfon and perfons fo ferving or executing the fome (hall be as liable to the fuit of the party grieved, and to anfoer damage to him for doing thereof, as if ho or they had done the fame without any writ, procefs, warrant, order, judgment, or decree at all.

. Penalties on VIII. And for the bener preventing drinking and intem-publicans and p^rance on the LordVday, commonly tailed Sunday, be it eir gueiU. ajfD cna£e<|	authority	aforefaid.	That	no	keeper of

any tavern, ale-houfe, or publick vi&ualling-houfe, (ball receive, entertain, or permit to remain in his houfe, any ptfrfon or perfons during the time of divine fervice, except thofo who are of their own family, or lodgers in the faid houfo: or furmfti them with wine, ale, beer, or other liquor of any fort, upon the penalty of forfaiting of ten (hillings for every fuch offence, to be paid by every fuch keeper of taverns, ale-houfes, or publick vi&aalling-houfes; and alfo of the fum of five (hillings, to be forfeited by ev^ry fuch perfon or perfons, who (hall enter or-remaui in foch taverns, alc-hoofas, or Vi&naHing-houfes, contrary to this a&•

IX.	Pro-

2

Digitized by L^ooQle

tfhe'fcventb Year */■ William ill.	I7J

IX.	And for the better execution thereof, all confta-- A. 1), bles and church-wardfcn9 of parifhes, within the feveral ci-ties and towns corporate within this realm, are command- Chap. 17. •d knd required frequently, and as often as they have rea- ^ 0m*m***mJ) fcmable caufe Fo to do, to enter into all taverns, ale-houfesi	^c#

and vlftualling-houfes, within their parifhes or diftrifts, where they (hall reafonably fufpeft any perfon to be and taverns, remain, contrary to the intent of this prefent a ft ; and to apprehend fuch perfon s as they (hall find, or reafonably fuf-pe6l to be offenders againft the Came ; and alfo the matter or keeper of fuch houfe, where fuch offenders (hall be apprehended, and them in cuttody to carry before the next* < or fome other juttice of peace near the place where fuch	v

perfon {hall be apprehended; which juttice or juftices of the peace are hereby impowered to examine witneffes upon oath, touching the breach of this law* and after examination to proceed to a cdnvlftioq, or acquittal of the per-Tons accufed, which fhall be final to all parties; and if fuch	j	4.

juttice or juftices of the peace fhall, upon proof, convift the perfons accufed to have offended againft this law, the faid juttice of peace fhall forthwith demand from fuch offenders the penalties on them intended to be impofed by Pe^ty, this aft, and to receive the fame; and in default of payment to commit the offender ;o the goal of the faid county* till he (Hall have made payment of the fame; which fum fo paid and received fhall be applyed to the ufe of the poor of the refpeftive parities, where fuch offences have been or fhall be committed.

X.	Provided nothing herein contained fhall extend to Not to extend perfons who have been in any inns before the Lord’s-day, to perfons ia Commonly called Sunday, and defign to abide there on Sun- mns before, day 5 but it fhall and may be lawful for fuch perfons to continue and remain In fuch inns and public-houfes, as if this

aft had never been made.

XI.	Provided alwayes, T'hat this aft fhall commence Comment and take effeft on the firft day of November, in the®^**

year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred ninety-live, and not before.

Vol. II-

c h a r.

Digitized by t^ooQle

Jodges may fatpower com-muGontrs to take recotnt-saoccof bail.

Thtfrvonth Tear of Wilfiftin 111*

C H A P< XVIII.

An Ad for taking /pedal Bails in tb$ Country, upon A&iase* and Suits depending in the Courts of King*r Bonds, Coatomam Pleas, and Exchequer at Dublin.

FO R the greater cafe and benefit of all perfons what-* foever, in taking the recognizances of fpccial baif upon all a&ions and fuits depending or to be depending Is any the courts of King’s Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer at Dublin; be it ena&ed by the King’s xnoft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent. Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the chief juftice, and other the juftice* of the Court of King’s Bench for the tiirie being, or any two of them, whereof the chief juftice for the time being to be one for the laid court of King’s Bench, and the chief juftice of the court of Common Pleas, and other the juftkes tLere for the time being, or any two of them, whereof the chief juftice of the fame court, to be one for the laid court of Common Pleas, and alfo the chief baron and barons of the court of Exchequer for the time being, or any two of -them, whereof the chief baron for the time being to be One tor the laid court of Exchequer, may and are required, by one or more commiffion or comraiffions, according to the lasgenefa of the fevend counties, under the feveral Hals of the laid refpe&ive courts, from time to time as need Audi require, impower fudi and fo many perfons, other than common attorneys and folicitor*, as (hall be fit and neceflary, in all and every the feveral counties within the kingdom of Ireland, to take and receive all and every Inch recognizance or recognizances of bail or bads, as any per-fon or perfons (hall be willing or defirous to aclpMwlolge or make before any of the perlbns fo hnpowered, in any a&ion or fuit depending, or hereafter to be depending in the laid refpe&hre courts, or any of them, in (uch manner and form, and by fuch bail piece, as the juftices and borons of the laid refpe&ive courts have ufed to take the lame; for each of which commiffions there (hall be paid thirteen (hillings and four pence and no more ; which laid recognizance or recognizances of bail or bail piece, fo taken as aforefaad, (hall be tranfmitted to fomc or one of the jufth ces or barons of the faid refpe&ive courts, where fuch Bail piece to	°r fuit (hall be depending; and upon affidavit

be tranfniitfed made of the due taking of the recognizance of. fuch ball la court; an piece, by lome credible perfon prefent at the taking thereof

filch

13s and 4d.

for each com*

Digitized by v^ooQie

Tit fiventb Tear of William III. fuch chief julticc of thief baron, juftice of baton, (hall receive the iame> upon payment of fuch fees as have been bfually received for the taking of fpecial bails by the justices and barons clerks, and other the officers of the (aid Vefpedive courts $ Which recognizance of bail or bail piece, affidavit receiv-!b taked and trtuifmittcd, (hah be of the like effed as if ^	a^CQt

the fame Were taken de htnt eflr, before any of the faid juf-tices and barons $ for the taking of every which recognizance or recognizances of bail or bail piece, the perfon or perfons fo ihopowered, (hall receive only the lum or fee of two (hil- Fee in. lings, and no morcv

II.	And be it further enadedby the authority aforefaid, where judgts *That the juftices add barons refpedively in the feveral may make nnes courts (hall make fuch rules and orders for the junifying for jnftiiying of fuch bad*, and making the fame abfolute, as to themfuc* bai1,

(hall feem fcteet; fo as the cognieor or cognizors of fuch

bail or bails be not compelled to appear in perfon in any of the (aid courts to juftifie him or themfelves* but the fame may and is hereby direded to be determined by affidavit or affidavits duly taken before the (aid commiffioners, who are hereby impowered and required to take the fame, and idfo to examine the fureties upon oath touching the value of their refpe&ivC eftates, unlefs the cognizor or cognizors of fuch bail do live within the city of Dublin, or within ten miles thereof.

III.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore- Judge of af-laid. That any judge of affizc in his circuit (hall and ' ***! •“he may take and receive all and every fuch recognizance and bal1, recognizances of bail or bails, as any perfon (hall be willing

itnd defirotis to make &nd acknowledge before him; which, being transmitted in like manner as aforefaid, (hall without oath be received iti manner as kforefiud, upon payment of the ufual fees*

IV* And be it farther enaded by the authority aforesaid, That any perfon or perfons, who (hall before any perfon or perfons impowered by virtue of this ad as aforefaid,

take bail or bails, represent or perfonate any other per* fon or perfons, whereby the perfon or perfons fo reprefented Felony to per* and perfonated may be lyable to the payment of any fum fonate another Or forts of money for det>t or damages, to be recovered in before commit* the fame filit or adion wherein filch perfon or perfons are ^oncrs* reprefented and perfonated, as if they had really acknowledged and entered into the lame, being lawfully convided thereof, (hall be adjudged, efteemed, and taken to be felons, and ..iuffer the pains of death, and incur fuch forfeitures and penalties, as fclonSMn other cafes convided or attainted do by the law of this realm lofe gad forfeit.

S 2

a p.

inquire c 1 the an ear, \?c.

The /event b Year of William III.

CHAP. XXII.

An Ad for the more fpeedy and effectual proceeding upon Dif-,	trtjjes and A<uc<wries for Rent.

FORASMUCH as the ordinary remedy for arrearage* of rents is by diftrefs iipon the lands chargeable there* with, and yet neverthelefs by reafon of the intricate and dilatory proceedings upon replevin, that remedy is become ineffcdlual : for remedy whereof be it ena&ed by the King’s moll excellent Maiefty, with the advice and confent of the Lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by authority of the fame. That Plaintiff iii whenever any plaintiff in replevin (hall be non-fuit before Tv»*leviiMun*fi» t iffne joined in any fuit in replevin, by plaint or writ law-befbre “‘“V, fully returned, removed, or depending in anv of his Ma-

tim'd, upon .	, ,	, ..	r	©	. t	..

pi aycr of deten- jelty s courts at Dublin, or any courts palatine or other

dant a writ (hall courts of records within this kingdom that the defendant* go to fiurifl to avowant, making a fuggeilion in nature of an avowry or' coiiuzance for fuch rent, to afcertain the court of the caufe of diftrefs, the court upon his prayer (hall award a writ to the (hcrift of the county where the diftrefs was taken, to inquire by the oaths of twelve good and lawful men of the buliwick, touching the fum in arrear at the time of fuch diftrefs taken, and the value of the goods or cattle dif-xi days notice trained; and thereupon notice of fifteen days Audi be to plaintiff, given to the plaintiff, or his. attorney, in court, of the fitting of fuch inquiry : and thereupon the fheriff fhall inquire of the truth of the matter, contained in fuch writ, by the.oaths of twelve good and lawful men of his county;

TT ^	.	and upon the return of fuch inquifition the defendant fhall

Upon return . f .	.	%	.	. .	,

of irquilitiou have judgment to recover againlt the plaintiff the arrear-

defendant to ag»s of fuch rent, in cafe the goods or cattle diftrained have jtidomenr, fjiall amount unto the valued and in cafe they fhall not 411(1 a^°unt to t*ldt ^tiCf then fo much as the value of the laid goods ar.d cattle fo diftrained fhall amount unto, together with his full cofts of fuit, and fhall have execution thereupon by feri facias or eUgi ^ or othenvife as the law *Whcie olain- require; and in cafe fuch plaintiff fhall be non-fuit a£ tiffnonfuiu	ter conuzance or avowry made and iffue joyned-; or if the

the jurors (hall vtrdid fhall be given againft fuch plaintiff, then the jurors

inquire, andthc tjiat arc impanncntd or returned to inquire of fuch iffue, l’Kc judgment, A ,,	«	r	riiri . 1.	.	.

execution Sec. mail at the prayer of the defendant inquire concerning the

fum of the arrears, and fhe jr*Jue/jf the goods or cattle di£*

trained; and thereupon the. avowant, or he that makes

cognizance, fhall have .judgment for fuch arrearages, dr fo

much thereof as the goods, or cattjc diftrained amount on*

to,

. ■ : J: -

Digitized by v^ooQie

Thefeventh Tear of William 11T. to, together with full cofts, and fhall have execution for the fame by jieri facias or elegii^.ox otherwife, as the law fhall require.

II.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore-faid, That if judgment in any of the courts aforefaid, be given upon demurrer for the avowant, or him that makes cognizance for any rent, the court (hall, at the prayer of the defendant, award a writ to inquire of the value of fuch diftrefs, and upon the return thereof judgment fhall be given for the avpwant, or him that makes cognizance asafore-faid, for the arrears alledged to be behind in fuch avowry or cognizance, if the goods or catt’e fo diftrained fhall amount to the value; and in cafe they fhall not amount to that value, then for fo much as the faid goods or cattle fo diftrained amount unto, together with his full cofts of fuit, and fhall have like execution as aforefaid.

III.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That in all cafes aforefaid, where the value of the cattle diftrained as aforefaid fhall not be found to be to the value of the arrears diftrained for, that the party to whom fuch arrears were due, his executors or adminiftrators may from time to time dillrain again for the rdidue of the faid

So if upon demurrer judgment for avowant.

May diftrain from time to time for rehdue.

arrears.

IV.	And whereas no fheaves or cocks of corn, loofe or Corn, &c. in the ftraw or hay in any barn or granary, or in any may be diftrain-hovel,' flack, or rick, can by the law be diftrained, orcd* otherwife fecurcd for rent, whereby landlords are oftentimes deceived by their tenants, who fell their com, grain,

aitd hay to ftrangers, aud remove the fame from the pro-mifles chargeable with fuch rent, and thereby avoid the \	’

payment of the fame : be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, that for remedying the laid pra&ice and deceit, it fhall and may from henceforth be lawful to and for any perfon or perfops, having rent arrear and due upon any demife, lcafe, or contract, to feize and fecure any fheaves or cocks of corn, or com loofe, or in the ftraw, ox hay lying, or being in any barn or granary, or upon any hovel, ftack, or rick, or otherwife, upon any part of the land or ground charged with fuch rent, and to lock up or diftrain the fame in the plaice where the fame fhall be found, for or in the nature of a diftrefs, until the fame fnall be replevied upon good fecurity to be given to the iheriff as aforefaid; and in cafe fuch diftrefs fhall not be replevied or owned within the fpace of eight days next after the taking thereof, then the fame to be appraifed and fold, according to the lawa and, cuftoms of this kingdom. n ,

V.	provided neverthelefs, That fuch com, grain, or Not to be r«-h?.y, fo diftrained as aforefaid, be not removed by the moved till re- •

perfon PlcvicdQrfol<L-

Digitized by v^ooQle

If plaintiff in rfeplcvin faon-fuit, &c. proceeding u before.

Treble damages for pound breach.

The Jwentb Tear of William III.

perfon or perfons diftralning, to the damage of the________

thereof, jout of the place where the fame fhall he found and feized, but be kept there as impounded, until the lame fhall be replevied or fold, as afopefaid j and in cafe any replevin (hall be brought for fuch fheaf or fheavea of corn, or grain, or hay, if the plaintiff ;n fuch replevin fhal{ be non-fuit, either before or after appearance, or a verdift pafs again#: him, qt judgment be given again# him upon demurrer as aforefaid, in all Tuch cafes, fuch pro? ceedings to be by inquifition or finding pf the jury at the bar upon like ftiggeftion to be made in the cpnu, zanee or avowry, and hke execution in fuch cafes to he awarded.

VI.	And be it ftirther ena&ed by the authority afore? laid, That upon any pound-breach, or refeue of goodf and chatties diffrained fop rent, the perfon or perfonf grieved thereby fhall, in a fpecial a&ion upon the cafe for the wrong thereby fufbuned, recover h^ and their treble damages, and cofts of fuit againil the offender or offenders in apy fuch refeue or poundbreach, any or ei? ther of them, or againffc the owriers of the goods diftraiif-pd, in cafe the fame be aftetyrapls found to have fomc tq )iis ufc or poffefliom

CHAP. XXIV.

Am At| for tlft better regulating of Meafwrts out tbu Kingdom.'

intend tbposgb-

By %i G. *.$. TT* O prevention of the many and great inconvenience} oora	Jj and dffcouragcment to traae in this kingdom, which

*’**&*>	proceed from the want of one certain and known meafure

for all forts of grain to meafured and fold by, in, and throughout this kingdom: be it therefore ena&ed by the Ring's mq& excellent Majefty. by and with the advice $nd content of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this pjrefent Parliament aflembled, and by the an? jthority of the fame, That one arid the fame meafure fha# be lifqd in anjd throughout this kingdom, and every part One mtaOirc ^qreof s and that the meafure and meafures, to be henc^* fhall be uied forth ufed in this kingdom, fh*H be and contain as hereu) thro1 the Jiipg- after is mentioned and appointed, and no otherwife ; (that ^Contents V fry) the meafure, cabled the peck? fhall be and coty tain two gallons, and no more; the meafure, called the bufhel, fhall be and contain eight gallons, end no more; the meafure^ called the half barrel, {hill be and contain fixteep gallons, and no more ; and the band fhall be and fho s*l!on u contain tiurty two gallons, and no more ; the faid gallon tq

fgatiia

1

Digitized by

Google

Thefrventh Tt*r	William TIL	*79

contain two hundred feventy two cubical inches! and on* A* D, fourth part of a cubical inch, according to the gallon men- 169$-lioned and appointed in and by one aQ. of Parliament made Chap. 24* and ena&cd in this kingdom in the twelfth year of the feign of the late Queen Elizabeth of bleifed me-	br

mory.	ia	«.	$•

II. And be it alfo ena&ed, that there fhaH be forth- Meaferesprar •with provided at his Majefty’s charge one barrel, one halfvidedsc the barrel, one bufhel/one pecx, and one gallon, according the abovdaid meafure* which (aid barrel, half bamd, peck, and gallon (hall be the ftandards for the meafures in and throughout this kingdom of Ireland ; and that the faid ftandards, being marked with the crown and letters of hif Majcfty’s name, (kail be placed and fafely kept in his Ma-jefty’s Exchequer of this kingdom, in the cuftody of the Jord-treafurer of this realm, or of the vicc-treafurer, hif deputy, or deputies for the time being.

„ III. And be it further enaded. That in every eouftjr, Metffcre* **-town, city, liberty, franchize, and market-town within cording to faid this readm, (hall be placed and kept at the proper eofts and charges of each county, eity, liberty, franchize, and mar-^^ ket-town refpe&ively, [n the cuftody of the (heriff of fucb &c fealed sad county, and of the mayor, bayliff, foveraign, fenefchal, or marked, lleward of any liberty, or mannor, or other chief magif-irate refidfog in fuch city or market-town, one barrel, one half barrel, one bufhel, one peck, and one gallon, accord* fog to the above meafures ; which faid barrel, half barrel, bufhel, peck, and gallon, (hall be firft meafured by the /aid ftandards in the Exchequer, and (hall be feveratiy feaj* ed, branded, or marked on the edge or brim, with the Crown and letters of bis Majefty's name, and with fucb $ther mark as the lord high trea/urer of this kingdom, or the vice-treafurer, his deputy or deputies for the time being, (hall think (it; and that for the meafuriag, branding, and marking of each fucb meafures, the fum of fix-pence ^ and no more (hall be paid to the faid lord bigh-treafurer, ortrcsTufcr, the vice-treafurer, his deputy or deputies for the time befog, by foe perfon or perfbns who (hall bring the faid mea-' fores to be meafured, branded, or marked; which (aid barrels, half barrels, bu(he}s, pecks, and gallons, in the cuftody of the bid (heriffs, mayors, bayliffs, foyeraigns, fene* fchals, or fteward.8 of sny liberty or mannor, or other head* officers, being meafored or marked by the faid lord high treafurer, or the vice-treafurer, his deputy or deputies for the time being, (hall be and remain the ftandards for fuch county, city, liberty, 9V franchise, or market-town refpe&ively,

IVe And

Digitized by v^ooQie

Officers to sneafure and compare therewith all other barrel*, \&c.

«|d mark fame,

tee6d. Meafdret for grain to be com-

fared and raeded.

penalty xol.

Tte feventh Ytar of William III.

IV,	And be it further enadted, that the .laid mayors, bayliffs? fovereigns, fenefchals, or ileward of any liberty or mannor, and other officers, in whofe cuflody fuck Aandards are hereby appointed to remain, (hall have fu^l power to meafure and compare all fuch barrels, half barrels, bufhels, pecks, and gallons, as fball be brought, or offered to them, or any of them, to/be raeafured or marked ; and if upon meafuring the fame, they or any c$ them (hall find the faid meafure, fo brought or offered re-fpedtively, to be agreeable to and to contain equal quantities with the faid meafures marked by the faid lord high treafurer, orvice-treafurer, his faid deputy or deputies for the time being, that then the faid fheriffs, mayors, bayliffs, fovereigns, fenefcal, fleward, or other chief officers, or any ot them, fhall mark or brand the faid meafures fo brought to them on the rim or edge of them rdpettivdv,' with the crown and letters of his Majcfty’s name; and alfq with a mark or brand to be appointed by each county, city, liberty, or franchise, or market town refpedtively ; and that for the meafuring and marking of each fuch meafure fhall be paid, by the peribn or perfons bringing or offering the faid meafure or meafures to be fealed or marked, the fum of fix pence, rind no more.

V.	And be it further enadted by the authority afore-faid, That from and after the twenty fixth day of March, which will be in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred ninety-fix, no meafures fhall be ufed for meafuring any fort of grain in this kingdom, or in any part thereof, but fuch as fhall be firfl meafuredand compared by the faid flandanjs in the Exchequer, or by one of the faid flandards remaining in the cultody of fuch as hereby are appointed to have the cuflody of them jn the respective counties, cities, liberties, franchizes, and market-towns within this kingdom, and fhall be branded and marked as aforefaid : and that whofoevtr, after t!>e faid twenty fixth day of March next, fhall fell or meafure any fort of grain, com, mault, or oatmeal, in any place or places whatfoever within this kingdom, by ^ny meafure or meafures containing any greater or lcfftr quantity than as afore-faid, or by any barrel, half-barrel, bufhel, peck, or gallon, .which hath not been meafure 1 by, and is not of equal content with, the faid llandard in the Exchequer, or by and with the faid flandards remaining in the (aid coufl-. ties, towns, cities, liberties, franchises, 01 market-towns, or fome of them, or that hath not been marked as aforefaid by fome one in whofe cuflody the faid flandards are Hy this act appointed to runaiu,’ lhall forfeit for every fuch offence the fum of ten pounds ; whereof the one moiety

/ha*

Digitized by v^ooQle

. The /eventh Tear of William III.	2I1

(hall be • to the poor of the parifh where fuch offence is or A1 D. Ihall be committed, and the other moiety to the informer; *695. and that upon information given upon oath, or otherwife, Chap. 24.' to any juftice of the peace of any county, mayor, bayliff, foveraign, or other chief magiftrate of any city, liberty, * Anne *7-or franchize, or town corporate, the faid fenefchal, juftice of the peace, franchize, mayors, bayliffs, foveraign, fenefchal afore-	,

ftid, or other chief magiftrate to whom fuch information is given, ihall immediately iffue his warrant, requiring the party or parties complained of to appear before him ; and. Levied by if upon examination it (hail appear by the oath or paths of diftrek. one or more credible witneffes to the faid juftice of peace,, mayor, bayliff, foveraign, fenefchal aforefaid, or other chief magiftrate, that the faid party fo complained of hath fold, delivered, or received any fort of com, grain, mpult, or oat-mail, by any barrel, half-barrel, or other’ meafure not marked, fealed, or branded by the fheriff, mayor, foveraign, fenefchal, or' fome other perfon who hereby have power, ancl are appointed to mark, feal, or brand the fame, that then the faid juftice, mayor, bayliffs, foveraign, or other chief magiftrate within his and their reipe&ive preciu&s, ihall iffue a warrant to* the conftable of the parifh where fuch offender refides, re-' quiring him to levy, by diftrcfs and fale of the goods of' the perfon fo offending, the faid fum of ten pounds ; whereof the one moiety (hall be jriven to the poor of the parifh . as aforefaid, where fuch offender doth refide, and the other moiety to the faid informer.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- Penalty for faid, That if any perfon who hereby hath power to mea- marking* fure and mark any barrel, half-barrel,. or other meafure * brought to him, fhall mark, feal, brand, or allow any barrel, halfebarrel, or any other meafure, which fhall or doth

contain more or lefs refpecHvely than the faid ftandards re- ' maining in his cuftody, the faid perfon fo doing fhall forfeit for every fuch barrel, half-barrel, or other meafure fo fealed, marked, branded, or allowed by him, the fum of fifty pounds; the one moiety to the King, and the other moiety to the ufe of him that will for the fame; to be recovered by a&ion, fuit, bill, or flaint, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Dublin, wherein no effoyn, protection, or wager of law Ihall be allowed, nor any more than one imparlance.

VII.	And be it likewife enabled, That every barrel, half- Alljrrain ffcall barrel, and other meafure whatfoever, of any fort of corn, he iold ftriked grain, mault, or oat-meal, fhall be fold, delivered, and re- onIy* ceived, ftricked, without heaps, and without prefling or fhakingdown, and not in any other manner,.upon pain of v

the forfeiture of five pounds to him that will fue for the Penalty $L * i	feme;

N.

Digitized by

*u

A. D. 1695.

ru fevtntbTtmr ,f WHKam ni.

fmnt; to lie recovered by a&ion, fart, bill, or plaint, in any of bis Majefty** courts at Dublin, wherein no efibyn, pro-tedion, or wager of Jaw (hall be allowed, or any more than 00c imparlance

CHAP. XXV.

Jm 4& fir lbs Provmtion of Fexations and Qffrtfions fy Arrefti; mid of DtUrjt in Suits of Law.

WHEREAS by the laws of this kingdom, in cafe where any perfbn is fued, impleaded, or arrefted by any writ, bill, or procefs, ifliiing out of any of his hfajefty's courts of record at Dublin, in any common plea, at the fuit of any common person, the true caofe of a&ioo ought to he fet forth and exprefied in fuch writ, bill, or fnroeds, whereby the defendant may have certain knowledge of the caufe of tbit fuit 1 and the officer who (hall execute fuch writ, biU, or proceu, may know how to take fecority for the appearance of the defendant to the feme, and the fureties for fuch appearance may rightly underftand for what caufe they become engaged ; and whereas there is a great complaint of the people of this kingdom, that for divers years lift paft very many of his Majefty’p goodfubje&g havf been arre&ed upon general writs pf tvefpafr, fuare clamfum fregitj or other like writs ifluod out of the courts of Riog’tr bench and Qommpp-plea*, not exprdhog any particular or pertain caufe pi a&ion and thereupon k*pt prifonen for s long time for want of bail, bonds with fureties for appear* anccp having been demanded in fo great fum$» that few pr none have dared to be fecurity for the ppyesreoce of faefc perfons (q pirefted and imprifoned, although in truth them had been little or no caufe of a&ion ; and oftentimes them are np fueb perfons who art named plaintiffs, but tho& pry reft* have been many times procured by malicious perfons to vex and opprefs the defendants, and to forpe from them u% rrafonable and unjuft corapofitions for obtaining thefr liberty \ and by fuch evil practices many men have been and pit dpfly' undone and defrayed in their eftates without poffibijity of haring repararioapFtne a&ors employed in fuch practices having been £for the moft pprt) poor and lurking perfons, and their aftings fecjret, that it hath been found very diffi* cult to make true discoveries oq proof thereof; for remedy and prevention of which fo great growing evils and mifehiefiu and alfo for ffifeouraging all frivokrag and uqjuft fpits, and gaufelefs arvefts for the future t be It enaAed by the King*f moft excellent Majcfty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpmtual and temporal g$4 commons in this

prefn#

'A

Digitized by LjOOQle

No perlba s

The Jbvtnib Tiutr rf WiBuun ID* wtfcnt Parliament affemhled, arid by authority of the fiotte,

\Fhat from and after the twelfth day of December next, no perfon or perions, who (hall happen to be arretted by any fheriff, under-fhenff, coroner, lie ward, or bxyliff of any franchize or liberty, or by any other officer^ miaitter, under- . bailiff, or any other perfon or perfon* whatfoever within^hemw^fcof this realm, baying pr pretending to Inure authority or war- ^gimi w ^ rant in that behalf, by force or colour of any writ, bill, pr preged in prp-procefs iffuing or to be iffuing out of his Majesty's laid foprt of King's-bench and Common-pleas, or either of them* or other court of juttice, in which laid writ, b3I? hk by *3 H 6. pr procefs, or at the foot thereof, the certainty or true 9 fall bo paufe of a&ion is not expreffed, marked, or fat down par-	£,TC

iicularjy; and for which the defendant or defendants in fuch writ, bill? or procefs named, is and are bailable by the fta- penalty above ' Jtute in that: Jx&rif made in the three and twentieth year of *aL the reign of the late King Henry the frxth, fhall be forced pr compelled to give fecurity, or to enter into bond with Sureties for the appearances of fuch pafbn or perions fq arrelted, at the day and place in the faid writ, bill, or p«H jpefe, on the foot thereof fpecified or contained, in any penalty or fum of jRoaey, exceeding the fum of forty pounds of lawful money of England, to be conditioned fear fuch appearances; and that all fheriffs, and other officers and minifters aforesaid, fhall {et to bail, and deliver out of fvch prifon, and from their and every of their cuftodies lefpec- fall be tact* lively, all and every perfon or perions whatfoever, by them ojr any of t^em arretted upon any fuch writ, bill, or procefs, wherein the certainty and true caufe of action is not particularly expreffed ai aforefaid, uppo fecurity in the fum of forty pounds, and 129 more, given for appearance of fuch perfon or perions fo arretted, unto thf bud fheriff or pfficer afoyehud, according to the faid fiatute in the laid three and twentieth year of the reign of the faid King' fjenry the fixth in that behalf made and provided*

If. And be it further enacted by the authority afordaU, Upon appear* That upon appearance to be entred in the term wherein mcc cntcr5^^ fuch writ, bill, or procefs is returnable with the refpe^dve officer in that behalf for the faid perfon or perions, by attorney or attorney* itf the faid refpeftive courts from whence the faid writ, bill, or procefs iiiued, unto fuch writ, bil} or procefs, the bond or bonds fo given for appearance thereunto be and are thereby fatisfied and difeharged ; and that after ▼ 09 ajnerce-fuch appearance 19 entred, no amercement be fet or eftreated ^cot b* upon or againit any fheriff, or other officer aforefaid, or ** any other perfon whatfoever concerning the want of fuch appearance; and ualefs th? plaintiff or plaintiffs in any Hoofiiit for &ch writ* hffl* or procefs named, ft^ll pnt into the court want of declare* f	'•	'	from	before	end

Digitized by LjOOQle

of next term,

The fe*venth Tear of William III. frbm whence fnch writ* bill, or procef3 did ifltie, his or their bill or declaration againft the perfon or perfons fo arrefted, in fome perfonal action ejtdione jirrr.f of bnds and tenements before the end of the term next following For appearance, that then a nonfult, for want of a declaration, may be eo-

8	cc	Hm	tred againft the faid plaintiff or plaintiffs in the faid courts

* "£* refpe&ively; and that every defendant in every fuch writ, bill, or procefs named, (hall or may have judgment to recover colls againft every fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs, to be affeffed, taxed, and levied in fuch manner, and according as it is provided by the ftatute for colls, made in the three and twentieth year of the reign of the late King Henry the eighth ; any former or other acl, ftatute, ordinance, law, cuftom, order, courfe, or tifage of either of the laid courts to the contrary thereof heretofore had, made, admitted, or ufed, in any wile notwithstanding.

Arreflsupon HI. Provided always, That this a£fc, nor any claufe or attach-herein before fpecifiedor contained, (Kail not extend, cues* contempt or	or	taken	to	extend,	unto	any arrefts here-

or privilege, ex-after to be made upon, or by vertue of any writ of capias eepted.	utlegat~m>	attachment	upon refeues, or attachment upon

any contempt, or of any attachment of privilege at the fuit of any privileged perfon, or of any other attachment for contempt whatfoever, ifturng or to be iffuing out cf either of the faid courts, although there be no particular certainty of the caufe of action exprefled or contained in dhe faid writs; but that neverthelels no fheriff, or under-(heriff, nor any of the officers or minifters aforefaid, fhall difeharge any perfon or perfons taken upon any writ o£ capias uttegaiurr, out of cuitody, without a lawful fiicas brft had and received for the fame ; and that upon the faid writs of attachment* fuch lawful courfe be taken for iecurity for appe?»*ance therein, as hath been heretofore ufed; any thing herein before exprelfed to the contrary thereof in any wife ndtwith(landing.

IV.	And whereas many perfons, out of ill intent to delay their creditors from-recovering their juft debts, continue pri: foners, wild cannot be proceeded againft in fuch manner as they might be if they were at large: now for the better enabling all and every perfon or perfons to recover their juft debts and demands againft fuch prifoners, be it further Creditors of enabled by the authority aforefaid, That every perfon or caufc^o” P^0118 whatfoevqr, w ho now hath or have, or which at perfonaf^a£Ion	time hereafter (hall have caufe of any perfonal a&ion

ftay fuc an cri- againft any perfon, being a prifoner in prifon, may fue gmal, and have forth any original writ upon his or their caufe of adfion ;

to HHn^ hTmto anc^ ^at a wnt °* - ^r7-r corpus be granted to every fuch K. B or C. P. perfon or perfons .being plaintiff or plaintiffs, defiring the1 ts acfwer, \sfc% - -	fame

Digitized by <^.ooQle

*£be feventh Tear of William Ilf.*	$85

fame to be dire&ed to the goaler, or keeper of the fame A. D. prlfon, to have" the body of fuch prifoners before any his 1695. Majefty’s juftices of the Kingj’s-bench, or Common-pleas, Chap.* 25. at fomc certain day in any term, to anfwer the faid plaintiff or plaintiffs Upon his or their faid caufe of a&ion ; and that if the faid plaintiff or plaintiffs at the laid day put into the faid court his or their declaration, according to the faid original writ againft the faid prifaner, being prefent at • the bar, the f.iid perfon (hall be bound to appear m perfon, dr to put in an attorney to appear for him in the faid action ; and unlefs the faid defendant plead upon a rule given, to be out at the eight days at the leait after fuch appearance, judgment by nihil dicit may be entred againft fuch defendants, as appearing in perfon, which fliall be good and effectual in law ; and fuch charge in court by declarations, fignififd by rule unto the gaoler or keeper, fhall be a good caufe of detenfion of fuch prifoner in his cuftody, from which he fliall not be difeharged without a lawful ju-pcrfedcas, or rule of court: and if the laid goaler or keeper ga0]cr fhall do otherwife, he fhall be refponfible to the court, and fponfible. to the party grieved, for damages, by a£lion upon the cafe, to be brought againft him for difeharging fuch prifoner.

1 V. And whereas very many fuits commenced by original ^ ^afou^f1^ writs have been protra&ed and long delayed from judgment between and execution, by reafori of the neccfllty of having fifteen the tefie and rc-days at the leaft, between the days of the tefie, and the turn of writs slays of the return of writs, now ufed in perfonal actions, ahd alfo in actions of eje?tic?ie firm* for lands and tene- ejeQione nients: for remedy whereof, and for the more eafy expedit-Jirme, irig tryals, and the better and more Speedy executing judg-ntent8 for the time to come, be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That in all aftions of debt, and all other perfonal a&ions whatfoever, and alfo in actions of ejcSfione firms* for lands or tenements now depending, or which at any time hereafter fhall be depending in either of his Majefty’s courts aforefaid, after any iffue therein joined, to be tried by a jury, and alfo after any judgment had or obtained, or to be had or obtained in any the courts afore- want of faid faid in any fuch a&ion as aforefaid,. there fhall not need to 15 day snot error be fifteen days between the tefie and day of return of any in writs herein, writ or writs of venire facias, habeas corpora jurat or, or diftringas jurator, writs of fieri facias, or writs of capias ad . ' fatisfaciendum; and that the want of fifteen day3 between the4 teft-day and the day of the return of any fuch writ, fhall riot be, nor fliall be afligned, taken, or adjudged to be any matter or caufe of error; any law, cuftom, ftatute, courfe, or ufage to the contrary' thereof, in any wife not-withflanding.

‘ VI. Pr<*

Digitized by L^ooQle

maybe ftiyed \tf fm^rpdam or vribol ctror.

♦If JtveaA Ytmr if Wifiiam fff.

VL PrmSdal oeiodieieb, 1W this ad, nor any thrrig dnan contained (ball not extend* or be eonftmed to ex* tend* to arty writ of capim* miJmtiifmcumi. whereon n writ of exigent after jo^p^tt ftto&awankd^ nor	mi

CmfUtfrnu- Jmtufmcicni* agarnft the defendant* in order to nut fc* any5 Z8" . i > f*\ bauUble* bit that the feme continue and be at if thiiad J2*™1 “	bad never been made.

Reandefthc ^IL And whereat by an aft of Parliament made In thii 10 c f 8 fif. kingdom* in the tenth yeat of the reign of ourkte foveragn 3k in what ac- lord King Charles the M, of bldfed memory* a very good law was made for avoiding tmneccflary delays of execution* whereby it it rnnftgd* that “ no exeentiod (haQ be fbjed w or delayed upon or by any writ of error* or fuftrjtiems u thereupon* to be fixed for the reverfion of any judgment

*	to be given in any aftion or bQl of debt upon any fmgfe

*	bond rar debt, or upon any obligation with condition “ for payment of money only* or upon any aftion or bill *" of debt for lent* or upon any contraft fued in any of “ bst Mijeftys courts of record at Dublin* unlds iucb

*	perfon or perfobt* in whole twine or naines fuch writ of u error find! be brought* with two fuffident fureties, foch 44 atthe court* wherein foch judgment is or (hall be given# u (kaflaDowof* (ball firft* before fuch flay made, ot Juftr-44 ftiems to be awarded* be bound to the party* for whom any “ foch judgment was or (hould be given* by recognisance M to be acknowledged in the fame court* in double the fum 44 adjudged to be recovered by the (aid former judgment* to 44 prefccotc the fold writ of error with effeft ; and alfo to “ fothfy and pay (if the fold judgment (hall be affirmed)

44 aB and lingular the debts* damages* and coils adjudged# ** or to be adjudged upon the former judgment* and aB “ coils and damages to be abb awarded for the fome de» 44 hying of execution ;M which hw hath been found by experience to be very good and beneficial to the con* mon vrcahlu

VI1L And forafmoch as divers other cattles* wherein the fome mifchid, by ddays and flaying of execution by writs of error ana Juftrjeiemt thereupon* are not provided for by the flatnte* m the (creral aftions hereafter (pecified t fiddflatamtube it further enafted* That die fold recited aft be of force hdfcwta in fliif kingdom.

IX. And be it further enafted and otdaioed by the author aforefoid* That firom and after the twentieth dar of Westmdioco December next* no execution (hall be flayed in any of his aunwisic- Majefly’s four-courts* or in the county palatine of Tipps* rary* by any writ or writs of error or fuperfedeas thereupon* *	after	any	nodift and judgment thereupon obtained in any

aftion of debt* or in any aftion upon the ode*" upon any

promifc

Digitized by v^-ooQLe

The mwtb teat e/ Watiam flf.	ify

promile for the payment of money, addons far truer* dc- A. D. tions 4>f covenant, detinue and trefpafs, unkfii fnch recqg- 1695. nizanoe, and in fueh manner as by the laid recited former ad is di reded, Ihall be firft acknowledged in the Dud court where fuch judgment is given.

X.	And be it alio enaded by the authority a&tefidd, Pj*hle cofts That if any peribn or perfons, after the laid day, Ihall

fue or profecute any writ or writs of error for the reverfal of any judgment whatfoever given, after any verdid in any the courts aforefaid, and the (aid judgment fhaO afterwards be affirmed; then every fuch peribn or perfons Ihall pay unto the defendant or defendants in the laid writ or writs of error his or their double colts, to be tffcffed by the court where fuch writ of error Ihall be depending, for the delaying of execution.

XI.	Provided neverthekfs that this ad, nor any thing Hot to extend therein contained, Ihall not extend to any adion popular, ^Jn^tcra nor unto any other adion, which is or hereafter Ihall be

brought upon any penal law, or flatute,. nor to any indictment, . presentment, inquifilion, information or appeal; any thing hepefo before expreffedto the-contrary thereof not-withftanding.

The ninth Year of WILLIAM III. CHAP. I,

A. D.

4* Attfor bant firing all Papifis extreifing any Ealeftafiical JurjfdiSiou, and all Regulars of the Popijb Clergy eut of tbit Kingdom.

WHEREAS it is notorioufly known, that the late rebellions in this kingdom have been contrived, promoted, and carried on by popilh arch-bilhops, bilhops, jefuitt, and other ccdefi&fticaf perfons of the Romilh clergy j and fbrafmuch as the peace and publick fafety of this kingdom is in danger, by the great number of laid the arch-bilhops, bilhops, jefuits, friers, and other regular Romilh clergy now refiding here, and fettling in fraternities and focietiet, contrary to law, and to the great impoverilhing of many of his Majefty’s fubjeda of this kingdom, who are forced to maintain and fupport them; which (aid Romilh clergy do not only endeavour to withdraw his Majefty’a fubjedt foam their obedience, but do daily fttr up, and move fedition and rebellion, to the great hazard of foe mine , and defblation of this kingdom : for the prevention of. all which mafehiofe, his Majefty is gradoufly {leafed that

Digitized by v^ooQle

2St	The	ninth	Wear	•/	William	Hi.

A. D.' it be enabled, and be it ena&ed by the King’s moll excellent 1697. . Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords Chap. u fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament ^aflembled, and by authority of the fame, That all popifli 1	““	archbifttops,	hilltops,	vicars-general,	deans,	jefuits, monks,

dcitart'befote	8,1	other reguIar^ popifll clergy, and all papilla

firft of May exercifing any ecclefiaftical jurifdiction, (hall depart out of 1698, orf pain this kiugdom before the firfk day of Miy, which fttaH be ofimpnfonmcnt the year 0f our ford one thoufand fix hundred ninety ti trail porta-	0f	the	ecclefiaftical	perfons (hall be

at any time after the faid firft day of May wkhin this 1 kingdom, they, and every of them, (hall fuffer imprifon-ment, and remain in prifion, without bail or mamprize, til] he or they (hall be tranfported beyond feas, out of his Majefty’s dominions, wherever his. Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, or the chief governor or governors of this king-* dona, for the time being, (hall think fit*; and ^if any perfon fo tranfported (hall return again into this kingdom, they. Returning	and every pf them, (hall be guilty of high treafon ; and

ueafcTar<i8 ^	evel7 P^011 fo offending fliall for his offence be adjudged

°°*	a .traytor, and (hall fuffer, lofe,. and forfeit as in Cafe of

high-treafon.	.	/

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That all and every fuch' popiflf archbifliops, bHhops, deans,

dcrkofcounciL vicare-^eneral, iefuits, friers, and all other popilh regular clergy in this kingdom, (hall, before the faid firft day of May> repair to the city of Dublin, Cork, Kingfale, YoughaJ, Waterford, Wexford, Gallway, or Carrickfergus, and there remain, until there , (hall be conveniericy of (hip- w ping for their tranfportation into fotpe parts beyond feas, and out of his Majefty’s dominions ; every of them, on their firft coming into any of the faid cities and towns, giving in their names to the mayor, or other chief nfia-giftrate, who is’hercby required to regift er the fame, and return an account thereof to the clerk of the council within ' ten days ; and that the faid mayor, or other chief magif-trite of each town, and alfo the collector and furveyor of the port, (hall give their beft aftiilance, in tranfporting every fuch popifli. archbifliopj biffiop, and other.-popifh regular clergyman.

III.	And be it further enadted by the authority afore-faid, That from and after the tvyepty ninth day of Decent- * her, which (hall be in the year of our Lord God one/ thoufand fix hundred and ninety feven, no popilh lard/. bifliop, bi(hop, ylcar-general, dean, nor any other p$guft exercifing any ecclefiaftical jurifdi&ion, not eftahlHhed by

loncd and trap£> the laws of this kingdom, jefuit, or friay (ball -come into VQrtc .	this kingdom from any parts.beyond the feas, on pain* of '

'	'	twelve

turn.

:

Names to be regiftered and returned to

Officers to

affift.

Popilh eede-fuftic* impri-

perted.

Digitized by CjOOQie

The ninth Tear of William Ifl,	289

twelve months imprisonment, and then to be transported A. D. in manner aforufoid; and if any fuch Romifh ecclefiaftical 1697. perfem, fo transported, (hall again return into this kingdom, Chap. 1. he and they So offending (hall be guilty of high treafon, and Suffer accordingly.	Returning

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That any perfon, that lg trcaf<m* (hall from and after the (aid firlt day of May, knowingly

harbour, relieve, conceal, or entertain any fuch popiih	orcon-

archbifhop, biftiop, vicar-general, dean, jefoit, frier, or any cealing fuch po-other papiii exexciiing any ecelefiaftical jurifdi&ion, not clergy, eftablifoed by the laws of this kingdom, or any regular po-pi(h clergy-man, hereby required to depart out of this kingdom in manner aforefaid, or that from and after the faid twenty ninth day of December one thoufand fix hundred ninety (even (hall come into this kingdom, contrary to the tenor of this act, (hall for the firft offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty pounds; for the Second offence double the Said Sum; to be levied in manner herein aSter expref-fed: and iS he (hall offend the third time, to forfeit all his lands and tenements of freehold or inheritance during his life, and alfo all his goods and chatties: one moiety whereof to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, the other moiety, to fuch perfon as (hall inform, So as fuch moiety do not exceed the fum of one hundred pounds, and the Surplus of what (hall remain, to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors ; the (aid forfeiture for fuch third offence, to be recovered by bill, plaint, information, or action for debt, in any his MajeftyS courts of record at Dublin, or at the affixes in the refpc&ive counties.	\

V.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That Juftice* of upon information on oath to any juftice of peace in hisPMce Fcfpcftive county agaroft any perfon or perfons, that (hall ^nceaHng/in^ knowingly entertain, Succour, relieve, or conceal any fuch quire, and levy poptdi archbilhop, bifhop, jefuit, frier, or other ecclcfiaf- forfeitures, tical popifti perfon, contrary to the purport and meaning

of this a&, the faid juftice of the peace (hall immediately iffue a Summons in writing under his hand, thereby requiring the perfon anA perfons. So informed againft, at a certain day and place within the faid county where fuch offence (hall be committed, to appear before him and Some other juftice -of the peace of the faid county, to anfwer the faid matter laid to his or their charge; at which time and place the foid juftices (hall in prefence of the perfon or perfons accufed, or in cafe of his or their negleft to appear, being duly Summoned, proceed to the examination pf the faid matter; and if it (hall appear to them on evidence upon oath, that the perfon or perfons So complained of are guilty, the fold juftices, (hall by warrant under their . Vol. IL.	T	*	handa

Digitized by Google

Tbt ninth Ttar of William Ilf. hands and fcals, lcvy the aforefaid forfeitures of twenty pound3 for the firft offence, and forty pounds for the fe-cond offence, of the goods and chatties of the perfon or perfons offending, by diftref.', fajp, or otherwife, and dif-pofe of one moiety of fuch forfeitures to the informer or informer#, and the other moiety to the treafurer of the county where fuch offence fhall be committed, for the ufe On default of of the county j and for default thereof, to commit the per-pafmtnt to	fon offending to the county goal, there to remain without

commit to	bail or mainprise, until he or they fhall pay the faid forfei-

pnfon.	tures an(j

None (hall VI* And be it further ena&ed, That no perfon what-bury in fu^pref- foever (hall, from and after the faid twenty ninth day of fed monafteric? December, bury any dead in any fuppreft monaftery, ab-

vin^fcrocc	or convcnt> that ls not made ufe of for celebrating di-

YU1 cc‘ vine fervicc, according to the liturgy of the church of Ireland by law eftablifhed, or within the precin&s thereof, upon pain of forfeiting the fum of ten pounds ; which faid fum of ten pounds fhall and may be recovered from any perfon or perfons that fhall be prefent at fuch burial, and offending contrary' to the tenor of this a6t % which faid forfeitures all and every juftices of the peace, in his and their refpe&ive counties, are hereby authorized, to hear and determine in manner as herein before is atentioned and declared ; one moiety of which faid laft for-'fciture for burying contrary to this act fhall be by fuch juf-tice given unto the informer, and the other moiety to the minifter and church wardens of the parifh, where any fuch offences fhall be committed, to be difpofed of for the ufe of Appeal to next the parifh*

sffizes«rquarter VII. Provided always, That if any perfon or per-on#*	fons fhall think him or themfclve6 aggrieved : by the judg-

ment and determination of fuch two juftices of the peace, that the perfon and perfons fo aggrieved may appeal from their judgment and determination to the next judges of aflize, or-to the juftices of peace at the next general quarter-feflions, who are hertby impowered to examine the faid matter, and give fuch relief therein as to them fhall feem Juflicw com- jnect.

TryS?1]?1 CC~ VIII. And it is further enabled. That all and every fuppkisfrierics ju^cc	l^e peace fhall from time to time ifFue their war-

tcc,	* rants for apprehending and committal of all popifh arch-

bifhops, bifhops, jefuits, friers and other popifh eccle-fiaftieal perfons whatfoever, that fhall remain and continue in this kingdom, contrary to the tenor and meaning of this aCf; and for fupprefting all monafleries, frieries. Account re- nunneries, or other popifh fraternities or focicties. rtftcrcdat	IX. And be it further enaCted by the authority afore*

ons*	laid, , That all and every the juftices of the peace in this

^	kingdom



Digitized by LjOoq ie

The ninth Tear of William III. kingdom (hall give an account in writing of their proceedings in execution of this ftatute, at the next general quarter-feffions for the county in which he (hall dwell, which fhall be at fueh quarter-feffions entered and rc-giftered.

X.	And be it farther enabled, That if any jufiice of . Penalty on the peace, mayor, or other officer ffiall negleft doing their duty in execution of this prefent a£t, every fuch juftice of debility. *** the peace, mayor, and other officer, (hall for every fuch negledl forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint or information, wherein no protection, efloyn, or wager of law fhall be allowed of, nor but one imparlance, one moiety thereof to the King’s Majefty, his heirs and fuccefTors, the other moiety to the informer, or perfon that (hall fue for the fame, and be difabled from ferving as a juftice of the peace during his life

CHAP. II.

An A(l for the Confirmation of Articles, made at the Surrcn-*	Her	of	the	City of Limerick.

WHEREAS divers doubts have arifen on the articles made at the treaty for the late furrender of the city of Limerick, the third day of Oftober one thou-fand fix hundred ninety one, and concerning the true intent and meaning of feveral parts thereof: artd whereas your Majefty hath been gracioufly pleafed to recommend to your Parliament: That the faid articles, or fo much of them as may confift with the fafety and welfare of your Majefty’s fubje&s of tjiis kingdom, may be confirmed by authority of this prefent Parliament; we the lords fpiritual and temporal and the commons in this prefent Parliament af-fembled, having due regard to your Majefty’s honour, for declaring the true fenfe and meaning of the faid articles, and taking away all occafions of doubt for the time to come, do molt humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be ena&ed, and be it ena&ed by the King’s moil excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the fecond article, in the aforefaid articles mentioned, be and is hereby confirmed and ratified in the fenfe and intendment following, and no othenvife : (thati3 to fay) that all the inhabitants or reiidents of Limerick, or any other garrifon in the pcfleffion of the Irilh, at the time of mak-T 2	ing

Doubts on the

articles of Limerick third of 0&. 1691.

Confirmation thereof recommended by the King.

Conflrudion and confirmation of the fecond article*

Digitized by

Google

The ninth Tear of William lit. lrig the (aid articles, and all officer* and fofdilYs then ift arms, under all y coifimifBon of the late King James, or thofe authorized by Kim to grant the fame, in the Feveral counties of Lim'erick, Clare, Kerry, Cork and Mayo, and all the commrflioncd officers in the quarters of his Majefty, that belonged to the Irifh regiments then in being, that wrre treated with, and who Were rtOt pfifoners of war, nor had at any time before that time enjoyed tho benefit of protections for the faftty of themfclves, or their goods and families; which faid officers have in purfuanee of the faid articles returned t6 their obedience, and fab-rtitted to his Majefty, and to her late Majefty Queen Mary; fuch inhabitants or refidents of Limerick, cnr any other garrifon, as aforefaid; fuch officers and foldiers re-fpeftively, as aforefaid, and their and every of their beirt, mill hold, poflefs, and enjoy all and every their eftatea of free-hold and inheritance, and all the rights, titles and interefts, priviledges and immunities to the faid eftates of frec-hold and inheritance belonging, which they, and every, or any of them held, enjoyed, or were rightfully and lawfully intituled to, in the reign of King Charles the fecond, or at any time fince, by the laws and ftatutes that were in force in the faid reign of King Charles the &cof»d$ and fuch poffeflion as was given the faid inhabitants, officers, and foldiers, in whofe behalf the faid articles were as aforfe-faid made, of lands then in his Majefty’s hands, or in the hands of his tenants, by order of the then government under his Majefty, is, as to the pofTeflkm only, and no more, confirmed and ratified by the authority of this aft, againft hi* Majefty* his heirs and fucceftbrs ; and all fuch euates of Free-bold and inheritance, fhaJl be freed and (ftfeharged, and by the authority of this prefent aft are declared and enabled to be and ftaod freed and difeharged, of and from all arrears of crown-rents, quit-rents, ami other publick charges incurred, or become due from ahd after the feaft of Saint Michael the Arch-angel, in the year of ©ur lord one thoufimd fix hundred eighty eight, to the day of the date of the fiud articles.

Not to extend II. Provided always, and be it enafted by the autho-to a grant of rity aforefaid, That this aft, or any thing therein con-but u?rdftonf ’ ta*ne^> (haft not extend, or he conftrued to extend to a them as if not gran* °f any new right to the aforefaid perfons, in whofe be-guiky.	IiaJF the aforefaid articles were made, or any of thfem; but that

the fame fhall extend and be conftrued to extend to the re-ftoring the faid perfons, and every of them, to their laid eftates of freehold and inheritance, againll his Majefty, his

heirs

Digitized by CaOOQle

/‘Tb* witok Ytar William III.	.*£3

heirs am) facceflbr#, in a* Urge and ampfe mar^Kr as they	4* P*

faould have enjoyed the feme, had they not been guilty	1697-

of the rcbdlipn aforrfaid, a$d pot otherwise, or fa any Chap. %• other manner; neither fhah this a£t ex^nd* Of b< cog-ftrued to extend to alter pr avoid the pottdjfan of any fuch N°ito a!5"d lands, tenements, or hereditaments, ps have been recovered or	ai-

gfaucd by a«ty Ot*10* of bfe Mafafty's fabjcCks from or ticks, againft the feid ptrfona, in whofe behalf the faid articles were made, or any of them, at any time hope the date of the faid articles ; any thing in this a& to the contrary not-withlfamdiug.

III. And he it farther ena^ed by the authority afore- They (hall (aid. That all and every perfon and perfons comprehended Satteteatthe in the laid fecond article in the faid articles mentioned, (ball £jatc 0f ^ ar-have, hold, and enjoy a}l his apd their goods and chat- tides, tela real and perianal, to them, or any of thena, at the time of nuking the feic} article? belonging, and which then, or at that time regained either in their own hands, or in the hands of any other perfon or perfons whatfocvflr in trull for them, or far the uie of them, or any of them ; and the faid goods and chattels real and perfon?! as afare-laid, feallhave, hold, and enjoy, againft bis Majesty, bis heirs and fuGceflors 5 and as far and concerning all othpr Such a» wtr* the goods and chattels real and perfanah which fonperly before the 4id Wong to, or were the property of, any of tlje faid	“*

perfans comprehended within the faid articles, as aforefeid,	*'

at any time before the datp of the faid articles which faid .goods and chattels real and perfomd had been at apy time is nee the tenth day of April one thoafand ft* hundred . eighty nine., and before the (fete of the faid artfafe*, fata-cd, fequriWed, or by any planner of way taken to tfee ufe of his Majefty and her faid fete Majeily the Queen, by aay fteriff, dchcatpr, couamiifioner, officer ciyil or military, their ipipifiers or frrvaots, or aay other perfau <Jr perfons whatfoever } and all other the goods apd chatties pf the faid perfons, which were not fa uieir own potfaffiopj . or in the puffeffion of any perfon or perfon* as aforefeid in truft far them at th<f day of the making the faid nrricfef, the feme by the authority of this aff fead he deemed,

. veiled, and adjudged to be in the a&;*al and real poflefijon of his	without	any office or faquififcion thereof here-

• after to be ffamd or taken, faving to all and every per-	titfit

fan and pwfanfo bodies politick and corporate, and to ©thorf. their facerfibrs, executors, adminiftratofp 4^4 affign?, and . to the fucceffoFS, executors, adminiflrators, and aifigPS of every of them, other than the faid perfons ip whole behalf tfee feid wrick# were wade, and their executors, adminif-

4	tretou

1	•	*	.

Digitized by v^ooQle

Grants by the crown not hereby avoided.

Perfons not taking the oaths of fidelity, or ont of the kingdom at date of articles, not reftored,

except thofe in fourth article.

U they returned in eight months from the date, &c.

The ninth Tear of William III. trators and afligns, claiming any thing in the faid goocis and chattels real and perfonal, or any part thereof, as executors, adminiftrators, or aifigns of die faid perfons, in whofe behalf the faid articles were made, or any of them, and all and every other perfon or perfons claiming or haring any thing in the faid goods and chattels real or perfonal as aforefaid, feized, fequeftered, or by any manner of way taken to the ufe of his Majefty as aforefaid, to the ufe of the perfons in whofe behalf the faid articles were made, or any of them, or to the ufe of any their executors and adminiftrators, all fuch rights, title, intereft* pofleflion, ufe, aftion, and means to recover the fame whatsoever, which they or any of them had, or ought to have in the premiffes, or any part thereof, againft the faid ptr-foos in whofe behalf the faid articles were made, or any of them, in as large and ample manner, to all intents and purpofes, as if this aft had never been had or made or any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV.	Provided always, That this aft, or any thing therein contained, (hall not extend to avoid any grant or grants at any time heretofore made by his Majefty and the late Queen of blefled memory, or by his Majefty, of any fuch goods and chattels real or perfonal, hereby intended to be vefti i in his Majefty as aforefaid: but that fuch grant and grants refpeftively (hall be and remain in fuch force and effeft as if this aft had not been made.

V.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That no perfon or perfons (hall be conftrued to be reftored within the intent and meaning of the faid articles, or of this aft, who, at the time of their hearing their refpeftive claims to the benefit of the faid articles, (hall negleft or rdFufe to take the oaths of fidelity to his Majefty mentioned in the faid articles ; nor to reftore fuch, who at the time of making of the faid articles, was or were out of the kingdom of Ireland; except fuch perfons as are comprized in the fourth article of the faid articles made for the fate furrender of Limerick; which faid perfons, in the faid fourth article comprized, (hall have the benefit of the faid fecond article, in fuch manner and form as in and by this aft is as aforefaid declared, and no otherwife.

VI.	Provided the faid perfons in the faid fourth article named refpeftively did return hither within the fpace of eight months from the date of the faid articles, an 1 have within that time fubmitted to the government of his Majefty and her late Majefty the late Queen ; and alfo withta that time taken the oath of allegiance to his Majefty and her fate Majefty the Queen, y .

‘	VII.	Be

Digitized by

Google

The ninth	Tear of William III, 295

Vn. Be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, A. D. That all 'merchants, or reputed merchants, inhabitants of.	1697.

the town of Limerick, or of any other garrifon, which Chap. 2. at the time of making the faid articles was pofTefled by the Irifh, or of any town, or place in the counties of ^rch^nts Clare or Kerry, who were abfent beyond the feas, and that ofiecomiartide^ have not been in arms fine* the declaration made by his Majefty, and her late Majefty Queen Mary in February one thoufand fix hundred eighty eight, fhall have the benefit of the fecond article, in manner and form aforefaid declared, in as large and ample manner as if fuch merchants or reputed merchants had been pr^ent at the making of the faid articles: provided fuch merchants, or reputed merchants, did repair into this kingdom within the fpace of eight months from the date of the faid articles, and fub-mitted himfelf, or themfelves to his Majelly and her late.

Majefty’s government.

VIII.	' And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That p^fon* in the all and lingular the perfons already adjudged, or that fhall fecond and thiicj hereafter be adjudged, to have been comprized within thfc articles par-fecond and third articles of the aforefaid articles of Lime- <*onc<L

rick, (hall from henceforth be deemed and taken to be, as to any prosecution in the name and behalf of his Majefty and of her late Majefty, or in the name and behalf of his .Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, fully and abfolutely pai4-doned by the authority of this ad, of all attainders or outlawries in this kingdom had or done, for all treafons, mif-prifions of treafons, premunires, felonies, trefpaftes, and other crimes or mifdemeanors whatfoever by them, or anjr of them, committed qj done fince the beginning of the reign of the late King James, to the third day of O&obcr one thoufand fix hundred ninety one*

IX.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore* Who copipre-faid. That from and after the expiration of two years, hcnicd^ainU. to be commuted from the firft day of September oneclc%* thoufand fix hundred ninety feven no perfon or perfonf whatfoever fhall be adjudged, deemed, or taken to be

in titled to, or have the benefit of the faid articles, who fhall not be adjudged within that time to be comprehended therein*

X.	And whereas fome queftions or doubts have arifeit Time of the for or concerning the time of the beginning of the rebellion rebellion.

or war. in this kingdom; be it eroded bjr the authority aforefaid, That the faid rebellion or war is hereby declared to have begun, upon the tenth, day of April jone thou* fand fix hundred eighty nine, the fame being the day li-mitted to the faid rebels and traitors by his Majefty and her late Majeity's declaration, in February one thoufand, fix

hundred

Digitized by Google

The ninth Year of William III.

A. D. hundred eighty eight, for the (aid rebels and traitors lay* 1697, ing down of their arms, and accepting of their hud Mu-Chap. 2. jetties grace and mercy, on the terms in the faid declare tion propofed : and that no perfon or perfons whatfoever already adjudged, or that (hall be hereafter adjudged, to be comprehended in the foregoing articles, ihall be fued, mo-left ed, or impleaded, at the fuit of any party or parties whatfoever, for any trefpeflea by the faid perfons as aforefaid comprized, committed, or done, at any time fince the faid tenth of April one thoufand fix hundred eighty nine, and before the date of the faid articles, or for any arms, horfes, money, goods, chatties, merchandizes, or provifi-ons whatfoever, by them {sized or taken at any time after the faid tenth day of April one thoufand fix hundred eighty nine, and before the date of the (aid articles; and no perfon or perfons whatfoever, in the fecond or third articles comprized, ihall be fued, impleaded, or made accountable for the rents or mefhe-rates of any lands, tenements,, or houfes by him or them received or enjoyed in this kingdom fince the {aid tenth day of April one thoufand fix hundred eighty nine, to the day of the date of the faid articles, nor for any wafte or trefpaft by him or them committed in any fuch lands, tenements, or houfos, fince the faid tenth day of April one thoufand fix hundred eighty nine, and before the date of the faid articles.

Xt* And whereas it k neceflary that a time be limitted ior the bringing of the find private a&ions for or on account of foch Wrongs, injuries, and trefpafles as aforefaid, committed or done by any perfon or perfons comprehended, or claiming the benefit of the faid articles, fince the {aid fifth day of November one thoufand fix hundred eighty eight, to the faid tenth day of April one thoufand fix hundred eighty nine s be it ’e&aQed by the authority aforefaid. Anions for yhat it Audi and may be lawful to and for fuch per-tnjun«.	fon and perfons as have had any wrongs, injuries, and tref-

Effes committed upon them by any of the perfons afore-d, fince the fold fifth day of November one thoufand £i hundred eighty eight, and before the faid tenth day of April twae thoufmd fix hundred pighty-niac, to commence his or their aHion or anions againft fuch trefpaffer or trefpaffers,

' wr6ng-doet or wrOng-docrt, at any time within the fpace of wne ydar tp.be accounted from the (aid firft day of September one thoufand fix hundred ninety fovea, and at no other time or times after the expiration of the faid year; any law, nr ftatute, to the contrary notwithftanding.

CHAP.



Digitized by

Google ’

■Wf	mutt	Yu*<f William IIL

C H A P. VI.

A»	AO for muling tht	CsRedo	for

Cro-uun Rent,and other Rents due to the	full

and legal Dye Larges for tht fame, and for limiting their Rets thereon.

*07

A. 0. 1697.

T IT y HE REAS the feveral and refpe&ive farmers of the CoHedorst*

W revenue of this kingdom fince the reftauration of his crowm iate M^jefty King Charles the fecond, and the feveral com- rento: „ millioners appointed fince for the management of the faid revenue, have thought lit for feveral weighty confiderati-ons to coile& and levy the quit-rent, crown-rent, compofi-‘ tion, and all other rents due to the crown, by coHecton by them appointed in the feveral dijLritfts cf th:s kingdom ; which was principally intended for the eafe of the fubje6t, by laving tlwin the trouble, danger, and expence of lending their money to Dublin, to be there paid into the tre^-fury ; and whereas feveral lcruples have arifen amongft his Majclly's good fubje£ts, which have made them doubt whether the acquittances given by fuck coUc&crs were ajr ought to be fufiicient discharges to the perfons who harp pHid the faid rents, againft his Majefly in any profecution made in his name, in the court of Exchequer, or cl fc where, for levying and recovering thereof, in cale die faid collectors, who have received the fame, have uot duly accounted for fuch receipts with his Majefty, as in duty they ought: for remedy whereof be it enabled by the King’s tnoft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiriUial and temporal and commons in this prefen£ parliament aflembled, and by authority of the fame*

That the feveral acquittances already given by the col- Acquittances •le&ors or receivers duly authorized and appointed to cob left and receive the (aid quit-rent, crown-rent, composition- chCqo«- ^mere nt, and other-rents, as alfo all acquittances that Jicreaf-ter (hall be given by any fuch coHe£lor or receiver, during the time the faid collegers were, are, or (ball be (b employed, (hail be good and valid in law to all intents and purpofes againft his Majefly, his heirs, and fucceflors; and ihat all fuch acquittances fo given, or hereafter to be given,

(hall be a3 goocf and effe&ual to all intents and piirpoies, as an Exchequer acquittance duly pafled and entered in the feveral offices of the Exchequer,

II. And be it further enabled, That all and every the <5**4 topiit-colle&or and coile&ors of the aforefaid rents, (hall, upon tance in parch-jpayment of the fame, or any part thereof, give and per- m£2j,on Jirft ft) the perfou £b paying the fame a full and clear re- p™c«ar».

ceipt

Digitized by (^ooQle

Colle&or* fees:

6d. for every acquitance between 5#. and *0*.

between aea. and 5l* I*-

between jl. tndi$l. rs.&6d. above 15]. 2*.

one acquitance to perfon in pof-fcilion, for le-V«ral fuxna.

Receipts and acquittances en>

9be ninth Ytar of William III. ceipt or acquittance for what he fhall receive in parchment under his hand, wherein he (hall mention the fain fo by him received, and for what gales, real, and for what land, and on what account the fame is paid to him.

III.	And for the encouragement of the faid colledors to do their duty therein with all due regard and indulgence to the country, and to prevent the extortions and opprefli-ons, which may be committed by their bailiffs or drivers on the tenants liable to pay fuch quit-rent, crown-rent, compofition-rent, or other rent; be it further enatted by the authority aforefaid. That the faid colledors, and every of them, may demand and receive the refpedive fees hereafter mentioned, and no more or other fee: that is to fay, for every acquittance they (hall give for any of the faid rents, for any fum above five (hillings, and not exceeding* twenty (hillings, the fum of fix pence and no more; and for every fum above twenty (hillings, and not exceeding five pounds, the fum of one (hilling and no more; and for every fum above five pounds, and not exceeding fifteen pounds, the fum of one (hilling fix pence and no more; and for every fum above fifteen pounds, the fum or fee of two (hillings ; and in no cafe to receive any more for any one acquittance than two (hillings.

IV.	And whereas feveral perfons (land charged with, or are obliged to pay, feveral rents for feveral parcels of their lands and tenements, the fame being granted under feveral and diflind rents to themfclves or others under whom they claim, for which formerly feveral acquittances ufed to be given, though paid at the fair\e time, and by the fameper-lon, for which faid feveral acquittances diftind fees have been paid, to the great charge of the fubjed : for remedy whereof be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That where one perfon Hands charged with the payment of feveral and diftind fums in refped of feveral parcels of their lands ana tenements, or where the fame is in charge in the name of other perfons, not in poffeflion of fuch lands, the feveral colledors of this kingdom within their rdpec-tive diftrids (hall on receipt of the faid rents, or any part thereof, give to the perfon fo in poffelfion as aforefaid, and fo paying the fame, one acquittance for what he (hall fo pay : which acquittance (hall diflindly mention as well the lands and tenements, as the rent fo paid, and for what gale the fame is fo paid, and by whom; for which one acquittance the faid colledors (hall receive no other or greater fee than as aforefaid.

V.	And whereas the feveral acquittances to be made and given purfuant to this ad may be loll or millaid, to thfc

prejudice





The ninth Year of William III. prejudice of the perfon therein concerned: for prevention A. D. whereof, be it further ena&ed by the authority aforeiaid, *^97-That all and every the colle&or and colle&ore of this king-dom (hall every year prepare a book, wherein they (halltcred in a enter all the receipts or acquittances by them given for all and every the afbnriaid rents, under their hands, and in the prefence of the party paying the fame, which receipt the laid parties, or any other on his behalf, may fet their names 5 for every which entry the laid colle&ors may demand and receive two pence over and above the fees afore-faid 5 which book the faid colle&ors, and every of them re-fpe6fcively, fhall yearly before the flaring of their accounts return under their hands, and on their oaths, into the office of the auditor general, where the fame (hall remain and be * kept, not only as a charge on fuch colle&ors refpe&ively, but alfo as a difeharge to the fubjeft for all fums thereby appearing to be paid as aforefaid.

CHAP. VII.

An Ad for taking away the Benefit of Clergy in fowu 3 wM.

Cafes.	9 **1-

FORASMUCH as divers wicked and fll-difpofed per-

fons are encouraged to commit robberies upon mens ^nrPthofe wj|# perions and in their houfes, and other offences, by the pri- T0^% or ▼ilege as the law now is of demanding the benefit of their nioufly take clergy ; be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s mod excel- *wa7 5°°^ ** lent Majefty, and by and with the advice and confent of	c*

the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this present Parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That all and every perfon or perfons, that (hall at any time from and after the firft day of May in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, rob any ether perfon, or (hall felonioufly take away any goods or chatties being in any dwelling-houfe, the owner or any other perfon being therein, and put in fear, or (hall rob any dwelling-houfe in the day time, any perfon being therein, or (hall comfort and abet, alhft, councel, hire, or or abet or command any perfon or perfons to commit any of the command (lime, faid offences, or to break any dwelling houfe, (hop, or ware- *c‘ houfe thereunto belonging, or therewith ufed m the day time, and felonioufly take away any money, goods, or chatties, of the value of five (hillings or upwards therein being, although no perfon (hall be within fuch dwelling houfe, (hop or ware-houfe, or (hall counfd, hire, or command any perfon to commit any burglary, being thereof tonvi&ed or attainted, or being indicted thereof (hull upon convic-

ftand tion* or atuin*

Digitized by LjOoq Le

Further ex-cluGon from benefit.

. fht ninth Vtar of Willem III.

4Uod mute, or will not dire&ly aafwcr to the indl&mcst, or (half peremptorily challenge above the number of twenty perfona returned to be of the jury, (hah not have the benefit of hit or their clergy, der, or {landing JI. Aad ^ ^ further eea&cd by the authority afore-enTtwly^chal- That if any perfon or perfons whatfoever be iadi&ed Ifnging above of any offence, for which by virtue of any former ftaiutc, twenty. • he or they are excluded from having the benefit of ha or Perfon? hete* their clergy, if he or they had been thereof converted by in deferibed verdick or coofidfton, fuch perfon aud perfoijs, if he or «ilfckr°f bcncfit they ftand mute, or will not anfwer dinc<SUy to the felony, or (had challenge perertipwmly above the number of twen-

•	ty perfons returned to lie of the jury, or (hall be outlawed thereupon, (hah in like manner be oufted cf the benefit of hi* or their deegy, as if he had been convi&ed of fuph of-

*	fence by verdift or confe&oa.

III. And be it further ena&cd by the authority afore-

faid, That if any perfon or perfons hereafter be indi&cd of felony for dealing any goods or chatties in any county within this realm of Ireland, and thereof be convi&cd or attainted, or upon his or their arraignment (hall fUnd mute, or will not directly anfwer to the indictment, or (hall challenge peremptorily above the number of twenty perfons returned to be of the jury, he or they fhaD be totally exchickd from having the benefit of his or their clergy ; if it appear upon evidence or examination before the fufticcs, that the fa id goods or chatties were taken by robbery or burglary, or in any other manner, in any other county, whereof if fuch perfon or perfons had been convicted by a jury of the faid other county, he or they are ‘ excluded by vertue of this or any other a&, from having the benefit of his or their clergy.

__ * IV. And forafmuch as thieves and robbers are much

receiver*,know' encouraged to commit fuch offences, beoaufe a great naming the goods her of perfons make k thchr trade and bufinefs to deal flcsaftextCe^a* *n ^ buying of ftolca gcods; be k therefore enacted by '	• the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons (hall

■ buy or receive any goods or chatties that (hall be feiosd-ouily taken or ftolen from any other perfon, knowing the fame to be ftolen, he or they (hail be taken and deemed an acceffary or acceftaries to the felony after the and (hall incur the fame punifoment as an acceflary or aoctfTaries to the felony after the fickmy committed.

V.	And whereas it is a frequent pra&ice for idle and disorderly perfons to hire lodgings with an intent to have an opportunity to take away, imbczzle, or purloin the goods and foraiture being in fuch lodgings : be k therefore enm&ed and declared by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons

Buyers and

Tmbezzling, &c goods in lolgings, fe-kay.

% Digitized by kjQOQle

Women (hall

The xirtth Ytdr of William TIT, fons (hall take away with an intent to fteal, imbezzle, or purloin, any chat tie, bedding, or furniture, which by contract or agreement he or they are to ufe, or fhall be let to him eft them to ufe in or with fuch lodging; fuch taking, im-bezzling, or purloining, fhall be to all intents and pnr-pofes taken, reputed, and adjudged to be larceny and felony, and the offender fhall fuffer as in cafe of felony.

V I. And whereas by the laws of this realm women convi&ed

felony for Healing of goods and chatties of the value of whoVa^c benc-ten (hillings and upwards, and for other felonies where a clergy, ifian is to have the benefit of his clergy, are to fuffer dtath : be it therefore ena&ed and declared by the authority afotefaid, That where a man, being convi&ed of any felony for which he may demand the benefit of his clergy, if a Wonban be convicted for the fame or like offence, upon her prayer to have the benefit of this ftatute, judgment of death fhall not be given againfl her upon fuch convi&ion, oT execution awarded upon any outlawry for fuch offence, but fhall fuffer the fame punifhment as a man fhould fuffer that has the benefit of his elergy allowed him in the like cafe : that is to fay, fhall be burned in the hand by the goaler ift open court, and further be kept in pri-fem for fuch time as the juftices in their diferetion fhall think fit, fo as the fame do not exceed one yearfs imprisonment.

VII. And forafmuch as fuch men who have once had 9 Anne &• their clergy, and fuch women who fhaH once have the be- ?*onu‘" nJ* nefit of this ftatute, may happen to be indi&ed for an of- ^moie fence committed afterwards in fome other county : be it than once, therefore enabled, That the clerk of the erown, clerk of Men having the peace, or clerk of the aflizes, where fuch man or wo- cJcfo5r *T1^'TO" man (hall be convicted, fhall, at the requeft of the pro-^Tthis ftat/in-fecutor, or arty other in his Majefty’s behalf, certify a disced after tranfeript briefly and in a few words containing the efFe<ft wards in other and tenor of every indi&ment and convi&ion of fuch man cn* woman, of his having the benefit of the clergy, or her ^iaj] re(1uCfi having the benefit of this ftatute, and addition of every of any one on fuch perfon or perfons, and the certainty of the felony behalf of the and conviction, to the judges and juftices in fuch other county where fuch man or woman fhall be indicted; judges there, which certificate, being produced in court, fhall be a which fufficient firfRcleht proof that fuch man hath before had the benefit proof thereof, of his clergy, and fuch woman hath had the benefit of this 9 Anti€ • /felttite.

IX. Provided always, That this aCt fhall continue and be Revived and lb force, as to the dealing of fuch cow or cows, fheep, * ^J^f^***

dr cattle, ger.

for three years next enfuing, and no

ti-bub is rtjpeuitd

CHAP.

in part by g

j£unt 6.

Digitized by

3®i

A. D. 1697.

i

The ninth Year of William IIL CHAP. X.

An Act for the preventing frivolous and vexatious Law-fuits ; and giving Remedy to the Parties grieved to recover their Cofti at Law, in certain Cafes, where heretofore no Cofis wore given.

Defendant acquitted in any ad ion, in trtf-paf, (hall have co(b though others found guilty.

unlefs reafon-alle caufe.



WHEREAS It is found by dally experience in the courts at law, That divers malicious and evil-dif-pofed perfons on purpofe, without any juft caufe of fuit, do make fcveral innocent perfons defendants, jointly with others, againft whom they conceive they have good caufe of a&ion ; and fo, though fucli innocent perfon or perfons fo joined in the faid action (hall be found not guilty, and acquitted of the faid a&ion, yet if any of the other joint-defendants (hall be found guilty, and a verdidf pafs againft them by the common laws of this realm, fuch defendant or defendants fo acouitted, after all his or their trouble and expence ut defending fuch action, is without remedy to recover any cofts of fuit againft fuch plaintiffs, for fuch his or their unjuft vexation, contrary to all reafon and juftice ; for remedy whereof, be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent Ma-jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpi-. ritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament affcmbled, and by authority of the fame, That from and after the firft day of May, which (hall be in the year of our Lord God one thoufand fix hundred and ninety eight, if any perfon or perfons (hall be made defendant or ddendants with others in any a&ion, fuit or plaint, in trcfpafs auare cleirfum fregi!, or trefpafs of affault and battery ; and fuch perfon or periens, fo joined in fuch a&ion, (hall upon tryal of the fame be acquitted by verdict, although the other defendant or defendants in fuch action (hall be found guilty, and a vcrdidl pafs againft him or them therein ; every fuch perfon and perfons fo acquitted (hall have and recover his and their cods of fuit, for fuch his and their unjuft vexatien, as if a vcrdidl had been given againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs, or a vcrdicl had been given for all the defendants in fuch a&ion ; unlefs the judge or judges, before whom fuch caufe (hall be tryed, (hah immediately after the tryal thereof in open court certify upon the record under his hand, that there was a reasonable caufe for the making fuch perfon cr perfons defendant or defendants to fuch, a^Son or plaint.	*

II. And whereas by the law, ns it now (lands, no cods of fuit can be awarded or given to any perfon or perfons in any a&ion, that {hall happen to recover, or have any

judgment’

Digitized by LjOOQie

TU ninth Tear of William III. judgment given for him, upon any- demurrer in law; by reaion whereof many contentious perfons make ufe of fuch manner of delays, on purpofe to keep others from their juft right, or otherwife intending thereby to weary them into fome fmall compofition for what is really due unto them : for remedy whereof, be it further ena&ed. That if, at any time from and after the faid firft day of May, any perfon or perfons, who (hall commence or profecute any a&ion or plaint in any court of record, whereupon any demurrer or demurrers (hall be joined by any plaintiff or defendant, demandant or tenant, in any fuch fuit or fuits, he or they, for whom judgment or judgments (hall be given upon any fuch demurrer or demurrers, (hall have and re- op°demurrer *** cover his and their coft of fuit, to be awarded by the court cofts, u if on in fuch like manner, as if fuch judgment or judgments had verdidfc. been given, or recovery had, by fuch party or parties, upon a&ion tryed by jury, and verdidf paffed for fuch party therein ; and that if any perfon or perfons, from and after the firft day of May, as aforefaid, fhall obtain fuch, or any other, judgment or judgments in any his Majefty’s courts of record in this kingdom, or any the courts of the county palatine of Tipperary, and the perfon or perfons, againft whom fuch judgment or judgments (hall be fo given, (hall in delay of execution thereupon, and with intent to annul fuch judgment or judgments, fue forth any writ, writs or error; and afterwards the faid judgment or judgments fhall be affirmed, or the faid writ or writs of error difeon-tinued, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs therein become non-fuit; that then, and in every fuch cafe, the party or parties, ^ againft whom fuch writ or writs fhall be fo brought, fhall judgment af-recover his and their cofts and damages, at the diferetion firmed, &c. of the juftices, before whom fuch writ or writs fhall be	at

fofued, and to have execution for fuch his or their damages ?‘j^rction °* or cofts fo recovered, by writs of capias ad fatisfaciendumyJ fieri fact as y or elegi y or any of them, at the ele&ion of fuch party or parties, for whom fuch damages and cofts fhall be fo awarded.

III. And whereas, by the laws of this realm, no cofts On judgment

of fuit are recoverable in any a&ion of waft or debt, to be upon verdi& or

brought upon the ftatute for not fetting forth of tythes, dcmumr in •	r •. r r •	^	•.	•	i • / > ro.tjic or deit on

nor in any writ of fare fact as, or prohibition, which hath ftatute for tithes,

been found very mifehievous and prejudicial to the Tutors in in which finite

fuch a&ions, and to fuch perfons as, for the recovering value exceed*

their juft rights, have been forced to fue forth the fame:

for reformation whereof for the future, be it further en-	9

a&ed by the authority ' aforefaid. That from and after the

firft day of May aforefaid, if any perfon or perfons bring

any a&ion of wafte, or a&ion of debt upon the ftatute

for

Digitized by LjOOQle

fit on fci f*. or prohibition.

if m fach a&ion* plaintiff non iuit, cofis for deficn-

Exraition for (aid foils.

In trcfpafs defendant guilty, plaintiff thnH nove damages, and eufo try direction of court

W# ninth Tear ef William fTF. for not fitttaUg forth of tythes: m which faid federal gftiwoi the ingle vnhie or damage, found by the jury or juries in any inch action* fhall pot exceed the fmn of three pounds z the plaintiff nr piaujttffc recovering, aither by judgment upon veidi&, or demurrer, in foch aftion or actions, fhafl likewife hare and recover his and their cofU of foil, at the like dHcretian of the jnAices before whom foch writ or writs (hall be brwtghtl and judgareut and judgments therein given; as abb if any perfon or perfoos hall after the time aforefeid foe forth any writ or writs of fire facias, or commence any foit or inks in prohibition, and recover smd have judgment m the fame, either by verdi& or upon demurrer, every foch plaintiff or plaintiffs fo recovering fhall likewiie have and recover his and their cofts of fuit in fuch. action or aliens, at the flEfcretioa of the jufficcs, before whom foch diXcovcry dull be fo bad : and if k Until happen, in any the foits aforcfsid, that the plaintiff or plaintiffs in foch a&on or aAions (hall become non-fuit, or ver-did ear vetdifrs peds agaioff him or them in foch fort or zftion* er he or they fhall difoontisme fuch his or their fort or a&iun, then in all foch cafes the defendant or defendants in foch a&ion or actions (ball have and recover his and their cofts of fuit, m fuch manner as fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs fbmild have done, if he or they had recovered, and had judgment given for them in foch a&ion or actions as afordaid; any law, cuftom, pra&ice, or ufage to the contrary thereof in any wife not with (landing: and that in all the adiont ttforefaid, where any of die party or parties to the fame (hall fo recover their coffo of foit, it fhaH and may be lawful to and for them, or airy of them, to foe forth execution for foch his or their oofi*> liy writs of capias ad faciendum, pen facias, or tkgif9 ats aforefaid.

IV. And for the preventing wilful and malicious tne£» paflee to be brought for the future, be it further ena&ed* That foom and after the firft day of May aforefard, in all anions of trefpafs, to be commenced ami profecuted in any of his Majcily,s courts of record at Dublin, wherein at the trial of the caufo it fhaH appear, and be certified by the judge or judges, before whom fuch caufe (hall be tryed, under his or their hands on the back of the record, that thc.trefpafo, upon whicfi any defendant (hall be found guiky, was wilfully and malacioidly committed; in every fuch cafe the plaintiff (hall riot only recover his damages affeffed by the jury, but his full coils of fuk, to be tawed for him by the dirc&fon of the court, where fuch action fhall be tryed.

V. Pro-

Digitized by

Google

The ninth Teqr of William III.	5©5

V.	Provided nevprthelefs, That no alteration cf the A. D. fame ihall be mcde in any of the caftrs aforefaid, where 1697. any executor or adminiftrator Ihall be defendant in any the Chap. io. actions or fails atorefaid, fo at any time hereafter to be V—>**?**/ brought againil them ; but that in all fuch cafes they fhall haw a* to txe-iK)t be liable or fubjed to payment of any cods or fait ctherwife, or in any other manner, than as the law now tcr<J<j *

. requires.

VI.	And for the preventing the abatement and difcoo-tinuance of procefs for the future in certain cafes, and the helping the law in the particulars following : be it llkewife enacted by the authority aforefaid. That in all actions, to Death of be commenced or brought in any court of record within plaintiff, after this kingdom from and after the firft day of May aforefaid, interlocutory if it (hall happen that any perfon or perfons, being plaintiff Raiment or plaintiffs in fuch adion or adions, (hall die after he or J • they fhall have obtained any interlocutory judgment or judgments in fuch adion or adions, and before a full and

final judgment or judgments given therein; the death of fuch plaintiff* or plaintiffs fhall not abate fuch adion or adions, or hinder the further proceedings of fuch canfe ; but that, notwith (landing fuch dying of fuch plaintiff or . plaintiff's, his or their executors or adminiftrators may pro^

Ceed to final judgment againft the defendant or defendants in fuch adion or adions, as is hereafter fet forth ; (if fuch . adion or adions (hall happen to be fuch as by !^v may or might have been commenced or maintained oiiginally by any executor or adminiilrator) as fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs aforefaid might have done, if alive : and if it ihaii nappen that in any luch adion or adions the defendant or diifen-	0[

dants in the fame fnall die after fuch interlocutory, and for;,jaat b forc fuch final judgment or judgments obrair.ed as aforefaid, fuch dying ihall not abate luch adion or actions, but that then, notwithllanding the death of fuch defendant or ’defendants, it lliall and may be lawful to and for fuch * plaintiff* or plaintiffs in luch adion or adions, if living, and, if dead, his* executor cr admin; firm or, to pole; ute fuch their adion or aflions againil the executois or adminiftra-tors of fuch defendant or defendants, and proceed againil them to hr.al judgment therein, as is likewife hereafter in that bchaif fee forth and provided, as if the {hid defendant or defendants therofclvcs had been living, if tuch i d en or adions be fuch as may or might by law be oiiginally brought and profecuted againil an executor or adminiftra-tor; and that in cafe of the death of fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs as aforefaid, it fhall and may be lawful to and for his and their executors pr adrainillrators, or any of them, to fue forth and profecute one or more writ or writs of fate Sche facia* facias againil the defendant or defendants in fuch adion ojr may hr brought, fdions, if then living, or, if dead, again# the executors

Vol; II.	U	cr

Digitized by v^ooQie

fo6	*Yht	ninth	Year	of	Williim	ifL

A. D. it sldmlniftrators of fuch defendant or defendants, for re-1697. viving and continuing fuch fate or fates, till judgment final Chap. to. (hall he given therein ; and in cafe of the death of fuch de-ffndant or defendants as aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fnch plaintiff or plaintiffs, if living, and, if dead, his or {heir executors or adminiftratOrs, or any of them, in like manner, to foe forth and profecute one Or more writ or writs of fcire facias againft the executors 6r adminiftrators of fuch defendant or defendants, for reviving and continuing fuch fate or futes, till judgment final fhatl be given therein, as aforefaid; the crfeft of which faid writ or writ s of fcire facias (hall be for the party Or parties againft whom the fame lhall be awarded, to fhew caufe why, notwith Handing fuch the death of any the parties to fuch fute or futes aforefaid, the plaintiff or plaintiffs xtt the faid Writ or writs o f fcire facias, his or their executors or adminfftrators, (hould not proceed to judgment final therein, for the recovery of fuch debt or damage for which fuch aftioh or aftions was at firft brought: and if at the return of fuch tfrit or writs of fcire facias, the defendant Of defendants named therein (hall appear, but not (hew fufll-cient caufe to (lay or arreft the judgment final, or in default of fuch appearance, it (hall be returned that fuch defendant or defendants were duly warned, or, after two fuch writs of fcire facias returned, it be returned that the faM defendarft or defendants could not be found in the bailiwick where fuch fummons iffued, or that they had nothing in the faid bailiwick, by which they, or any of them, could *	be fummoned, that then, in every fuch cafe, one or more

Writer writs of inquiry of damage (hall be awarded for the plaintiff or plaintiffs in fuch writ or writs 0 ffcire facias againft fuch defendant or defendants therein named ; upon return of which faid writ or writs of inquiry, duly executed, judgment final (hall be given for every fuch plaintiffor plaintiffs, againft every fuch* defendant or defendants, in luch writ Or writs of fcire facias as aforefaid.

.	°fj?nc VII. And be lt further enabled for the purpofes afore-

^ftndart1 fcaU	^at ^ at	timc a^ter ^ ^me as	afore-

not'abate. 311	t'Vo or more Fer^ons fhadl be jointly plaintiffs in any

.........* aftion or actions againft two or more perfons, likewite

jointly named defendants therein, the death or deaths of OnC oi more of fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs, or fuch defendant pr defendants, (hall not abate fuch writ or writs in fnch *£ion qr actions ; hat that the fame being fuggefted upon the roll, or record, of fuch attion or actions, it (hall and may be lawful to and for thd forviving plaintiff or plaintiffs ifi fuch action or action*, to proceed to judgment againft the furviving defendant or defendants in the fame, as If fuch death had not been.

yill. And

m

X

• :ed by v^.ooQle

the ninth Tear of VfrlW Ilf.

VIII.	And whereas by the law as If now fttrids, if any A. D. action or fate be commenced or brought upon any bond, or *697. other penal fom, for performance of covenants, or other Chap. tt>. agreement*, in any deed or indenture, the party that u brings the fame can affign only one breach of covenant, although there are in truth federal breaches committed, of which the party plaintiff in fach a&ton can hare no benefit or reparation, notwithftanding that he is really damnified by reafon thereof: for remedy whereof, be it farther feaa&ed by the authority aforefaid. That in .all a&iorts which from and after the {aid firflt day of May (hall be In for commenced or profecuted in any of his Majefty’s courts ance^ofcwe" of record in this kingdom, or any the courts of the county nants^ plaintiff palatine of Tipperary, upon any bond or bonds, or on any may affign a* penial fom, for non-performance of any covenants or agree- many breaches meats in any indenture, deed, or writing contained, the **

irtaintiff or plaintiffs may alfign as many breaches of the aid covenants or agreements, as'he or they (hall think fit;

Kind thereupon it (hall and may be lawful for the jury, upon .	-	r

fach tryal of fuch aCtion or a&ions,, not only to aflefs fuch j-orfuchbrcaches damages and cofts of fate as have been heretofore tifually ^p^ycd; (done in fuch Cafes, but alfo to give damage for fueh of the faid breaches, (b to be affigned, as fuch plaintiff at plaintiffs, upon fuch tryal of the iffaes taken therein, fluff proite to have been broken, and tfett the like judgment or judgments {hall be entred on every fuch yerdi# or verdi&s, Is heretofore have been ufually done in fuch like cafes; and if it (hall happen that fuch defendant ot defendants fhall not plead to the iffue, but judgment Ihall be given againft him Or them f6r fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs upon demurrer, or by nibil die it, non fum inf or mat us, cognovit aflion, or the like ; segment for then and in fuch cafe it {hall and may be lawful to and for plaintiff on do ifuch plaintiff or plaintiffs to fuggeft upon the roll of record, murrer, ««/ </««/, in fuch a&ion or actions, fuch and as many breaches of the ^ plaintiff faid covenants and agreements, as he or they fhall think fit; upon which faid fuggeftion, one or more writ or writs which a writ (hall iffue, directed to the (heriff of that County where to ihcriffto fuch aClioft or aftions {hall be brought, to fummem a jury fummon a jury, to appear before the juftice or juftices of afltse, or nijf- &c-priusy at their next coming into that county, to enquire Of the truth of every one of thofe breaches, and fuch jury to fiffefs the faid damages feverally, which the faid plaintiff or

{ilaintiffs ihatl have fultainecj, for every of the faid breaches o affigned as aforefaid ; in which faid-writ it fhall be like-wife commanded to the faid juftice Or juftices of aflfce, br nifi-priusy before whom fuch damage* ihall be fb given, that	to

he or they ihall make a fell atid certain return of the ^^anlTthcre faid writ oh writs, and the due execution thereof, to the judgment**" C^Urt from Which the fame Ihall fb iffue, aceoftiing^to the entered.

U 2	exigency

Digitized by i^-ooQle

Defendant paying in damages and cofts, ftay of execution (hail be entered.

Whenever plaintiff fatisfied defendant dif-charged, which alfo enured on record.

Proceeding* where the damages amount not to the penalty.

The ninth Tear ef William III. exigency thereof, and the time therein mentioned ; which faid writ or writs fo returned lhall be filed, and thereupon judgment or judgments lhall be entered in the fa'd couit, on fuch return, as in cafes of writs of enquiry of damage of the like nature ; and in cafe the defendant or defendant;, after fuch jndgrr.ent entered and before execution executed, (hall pay into the court where the faid action lhall be brought, to the ufe of the plaintiff or plaintiffs, his or their executors or ad numerators, iuch damages fo alfeffed by the jury by reafon of all or any the breaches of fuch covenants, together with the cods of fute, that then a ftay of execution lhall be entered upon the record of the faid judgment, and made accordingly for that time, as aJfo whenfoever it (hall happen, that by reafon of any execution fued forth and executed upon fuch judgment, the plaintiff or plaintiffs, his or their executors or adminiffra-tors, lhall be fully fatisfied or paid all his or their deb: cr damages fo afieffed, or the penalty of fuch bond, or bill penal, at the eleftion of the defendant, together with his or their cofts of fute, and all reafonable charges ard tx-pences for executing the faid execution ; that then and from thenceforth the body, goods and lands of fuch defendant {hall be difeharged from fuch execution, which faid dif-charge lhall likewife be entered upon the record of the roll of the faid judgment : yet it is hereby declared, that notwithftanding fuch difeharges or flay of fuch executions, and the entry or entries of either cr 2ny of them as afore-faid, upon record where fuch damages do not amount to the penalty of fuch bond or bill penal, fuch judgment or judgments (hall ftill remain, continue, and be in full force, vigour aqd effect to the purpofes hereafter mentioned : (that is to fay) as a further fecurity to anfwer to fuch plaintiff* or plaintiffs, and his or their executors or adminif-trators, all fuch damages as lhall, or piay be at any time afterwards fuftained, for, or by reafon of any further breach of any the covenant or covenants in fuch indenture, deed, or writing contained, if any fuch lhall happcn to be, and no fatisfa&ion be made for the fame as abort faid, as far as the remainder of fuch penalty, after the payment of {he damage formerly recovered out of the fame will reaefi; # upon wh;ch faid breach or breaches, fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs may have and lhall be at liberty to fue forth a writ of fein facias upon the faid judgment againff fuch defendant or defendants, his or their execu ors, or adir.inillratorsi or againlt his heirs or ter-tenants, grounded upon fuggeflion of ether breach or breaches of the laid covenants or agreements upon the roll of the faid judgment as af.rcfaid, ard thereupon to furrmon him or them refpettively, to Ihew caufe why execution ihould not be had or awarded upon

the

. Digitized by v^ooQle

The ninth Tear of William III.	309

the fa id judgment; upon which there (hall be the like pro- A. A. ceedings as was' in the original adtion of debt brought 1697. upon the f.iid bond or obligation, for aflefling of damages C *•«	]

upon trval of iffues joined upon fuch breaches or, in cafe of default, upon a writ of inquiry thereof, to be awarded in manner as aforel.iid.

IX Provided alwavs, That upon payment, or fatisfadlion Qn fatisfa&i-to be made of all fuch future damages, colls, and charges, onof fuch future in manner as aforefaid, or of lo much of fach future da damages, pro-niages as the remaining fum of the penalty of fuch bond or bill penal, after payment and fatisfaclion for the damages	°

formerly recovered, will extend unto, together with colls of futc, all further proceedings on the faid judgment (hall again be ftayed, and fo inties quoties (as occafion (hall re- . quire) upon every new breach, the faid judgment to be made ufe of as far as aforefaid, and no further; and upon fatisfa&ion made in manner aforefaid, the defendant, his body or goods, and lands, to be again freed and difeharged • out of execution as aforefaid.

CHAP. XI.

An Aft to prevent Frauds by. elandefine Mortgages.

WHEREAS great frauds and deceits are too often pradiifed by neceffitous and evil difpofed perfons, in borrowing of money, and giving judgments, {tatutes, and recognizances privately, for-fecuring the repayment of the faid money, and the fame perfons do afterwards borrow money, upon fecuritv of their lands, of other perfons, and do not acquaint the latter lender thereof with the fame, whereby fuch latter lender is very often in danger to lofe his whole money, cr forced to pay off the debts fe-cured by the faid judgments, (tatutes, and recognizances, before they can have any benefit of the faid mortgages : and whereas divers perfons do many times mortgage their lands more than once, without giving notice of their firil mortgage, whereby lenders of money upon fecond or after mortgages do often lofe their money, and are put to great charges in fuits, and otherwife: for remedy whereof, and preventing the fame as much as may be for the future, may it pleal'e your facred Majefty that it maybe enacted. Mortgagor and be jt ena&edby the King’s moll excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and. ^prior judg-temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, ments, «cc. (hall and by the authority of the fame, that if any perfon or perfons, not have equity from and after the fir 11 day of April which (hall be in the year °* red6111?11*®* of our Lord God one thoufand fix hundred and ninety eight, lludl borrow any money, or for any other valuable confideration

for

Digitized by

Google





TTn!ef« in fix months iftcr notice to him in writing by mor-ragee under hand and feal, attcfted by two witneflcs, he diiihargcs, &c.

The ninth Venn pf William HI. for tic payment thereof voluotarily give, acknowledge, permit, or fuffier to be entred againft nim or them one or more judgment or judgments, ftatute or ftatiites, recognizance or recognizances, to any perfon or perfons, creditor or creditors, and if the fame borrower or borrowers, debtor or debtors, (hall afterwards take up or borrow any other fujn or foms of money of any other perfon or perfons, or for other valuable confideration become indebted to fuch perfon pr perfons, and for fecuring the repayment and difcharge thereof (hall mortgage, his, her, or their lands or tenements, or any part thereof, to the (aid feepnd, or other lender or lenders of the ijaid money, creditor or creditors, or to any other perfon or perfons in truft for, or to the life of fiich fecond, or other lender or lenders, creditor or creditors, and ftiaU not give notice to the faid mortgagee or mortgagees of the faid judgment or judgment^, ftatute or ftatutes, recognizance or recognizances, in writing under his, her, or th^ir hand or hands, before the execution of the faid mortgage or mortgages, onlefsfuch mortgager or mortgagers, his, her, or their heirs, upon notice to him, her, or them, given by the mortgagee or mortgagees of the faid lands and tenements, his, her, or their executors, ad-mini ftrator?, or aftigns, in writing -tinder his, her, or their hands and feals, attcfted by two or more fufficient wit-nefles, pf any foch former judgment or judgments, ftatett or ftatutes, recognizance or recognizances, wall within fix months after fuch notice given pay off and difcharge the (hid judgment or judgments, ftatute or ftatutes, recognizance or recognizances, and ail intereft and charges due thereupon, and caufe or procure the fame to be vacated or difeharged by record ; that then the mortgager or mortgagers of the faid lands and tenements, his, her, or their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, (hall have no benefit or remedy againft the faid mortgagee or mortgagees, his* her, or their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, or affigns or any of them* in equity qr e]fewhere, for redemption of the (aid lands -and tenements, or any part thereof; Dpt the (aid mortgagee and mortgagees, his, her, or their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, and aftigns, (hall and may hold and enjoy the faid lands and tenements, for fuch eflate, and term therein, as were or was granted and fettled to the faid mortgagee or mortg^ees, againft the (aid mortgager or mortgagers, and all perfon and perfons lawfully clajmiqg from, by or under him/her or them, freed from equity of redemption, and as fully to all intents and purpofes whfft-foever, as if the fame had been punchafed abfolutely, and, without any powpr or liberty of redeunption.

H. And be it further enabled by the authority afotefaid. That if any perfon or perfon, who have or hath one*

Hiortgageds



Digitized by v^.ooQle

The ninth Tettr. tf Wifliwo UJ.	3If

mortgaged, or from and after the faid fir ft day of April A. D. lhall mortgage, any lands or tenements to any perfon or 1697. perfons, for lecurity of money lent, or otherwise accrued, .Chap. u.

-or become due, or for other valuable confidcjations ; ahd —------------

if the faid mortgager or mortgagers (hall again mortgage Subftquent the fame lands or tenements, or any part thereof, to any mortgagees, other perfon or perfons for valuable confiderations, the faid rivcnof pri^ .former mortgage being in force, and not difcharged, sfd 11 hold free* ihall not difcover to theJaid fecond or other mortgagee or from equity of -mortgagees, or fomeoroneof them, the former mortgage redemption, jpr mortgages, in writing under his or their hands; that .then, nnd m thofe cafes alfo, the faid mortgager or mortgagers* his, her, or their heirs, executors, adminiftrators .or a$gns> lhall have no relief or equity of redemption againft the faid fecond or after mortgagee or mortgagees, his, her, or their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, or aligns, upon the faid after mortgage or.mortgages, but that Such mortgagee or mortgagees, his, her, or their heirs, executors, adminiitrators, and afligua, lhall and may hold apd enjoy fuqh, more than once mortgaged lands and ten^nents, for iiich eftate and term therein, as were or was granted and conveyed by the faid mortgager or mortgager*, again fit .him, her, or them, his, her, or their heirs, executors, or ^dmiaiftrators refpe&ively, freed from equity of redemption, and as fully to all intents and purpoles as if the fame had been an abfolute purchaie, and without any power or liberty of redemption.

ill. Provided always, and be it further enabled by SuMequent the authority a fore (aid, That neverthelefs if it fo happen mortgagees may that there be more than one mortgage at the fame time, redeem the for-made by any perfoo or perfons to any perfon or perfons of mtr’ the fame.lands And tenements, the feveral late or under mortgagees, his, her, or their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, lhall have power to redeem any former mortgage or mortgages, upon payment of the principal debt, interell, and cofts of fate to the prior mortgagee or mortgagees, his, her, or their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, or -aftigns; Any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in.any wife notwithlbndiog

IV.	Provided always. That nothing in this aft con . tained lhall be conftrued, deemed, or extended to bar ]0;n;ng°in mort-any widow of any mortgager of lands or tenements i°age,n©t barred .from her .dower and right in or to the faid lands, who her dower.

,did not legally join with her hulband in fuch mortgage,

,#r ptherwile lawfully bar or exclude herfelf from fuch hex ,dower or right.

C H A P.

Digitized by LiOOQle

The ninth Year of William III. CHAP. XII.

A. D.

An Act for the more eafy obtaining Partition of Lands in Coparcenary , Join tenancy, and Tenancy in Common, bounding and shearing of Lands.

WHEREAS the proceedings upon writs of partition between co-parceners by the common law, or custom, joint-tenants, or tenants in common are found by experience to be tedious, chargeable, and oftentimes ineffectual, by reafon of the difficulty of difeovering the perfons and eftates of the tenants of the feveral manors, roef-fuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments to be divided, anfl the defective and dilatory executing and returning of the procefs of fummons, attachment, and diftrefs, and other difficulties and impediments in making and eftab-lifting of partitions ; by reafon of which, divers perfons having undivided parts, or purparts, are greatly prejudiced and oppreffed, and the premilfes are frequently wafted or lye uncultivated, or not improved, and the profits of the fame thereby totally are in a great meafure loft: for remedy thereof, be it ena&ed by th6 King’s moil excellent Ma-jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpi-ritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament Writ* of par- afl*embled, and by authority of the fame, That from the ^uon o , ^ay 0f November one thoufand fix hundred ninety fe-ven, and after procefs of fummons or attachment upon any writ of partition returned, and affidavit made thereupon by any fufficient and credible perfon, that due notice in writing is or hath been given of the faid writ of partition to the tenant or tenants to the faid writ of action, and a copy thereof left with the occupier, or tenant or tenants in poffefiion of the* faid lands, or if they or any of them cannot be found, then to the wife, fon, or daughter, being of the age of one and twenty years, or upwards, of fuch tenant or tenants to the faid writ or adtions, or tenant in actual poffeffion as afbrelatd, by vertue of any eftate of freehold for years, or at will, or any uncertain inter*ft of or in the faid manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments whereof the faid partition is fo demanded (unlefs the faid tenant in atfual poffefiion be demandant in the faid aftion) at the leaft forty days before the day of the return of the faid fum-mons or attachment; if in fuch cafe the tenant cr tenants to fuch writ, or tenant in pofleffion to the manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments as aiorefaid,. or any of-them, fhall not within the term after retu;n of fuch w rit or fummons or attachment, or the term following the fame, caufe an appearance to be entred in fuch court, where tuch writ of fummons or attachment (hall be returnable, then, and in default of fuch appearance, the demandant having filed



Digitized by L-ooQle

Where te-

The ninth Tear of William III. his declaration, the court may and (ball proceed to examine the title of the laid demandant fet forth in his declaration, and the content or quantity of his part or purpart of the faid lands and premiffes; and according as they (hall find his right part and purpart to be, they (hall for fo much caufe judgment by default to be entred for the faid demandant ; and thereupon order and award a writ to make partition, whereby fuch proportion, part, and purpart may be fet out to him in feveralty ; of which faid writ of execution notice (hall be given to the occupier, tenant or tenants, pf the faid manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, at lead fix days before the execution thereof; and the fame being after fuch notice duly executed and returned, and final judgment thereupon entered, the fame (hall be good, binding, and conclufive to all perfons whatfoever, and to the feveral rights, titles, and intereils which they or any of them have, or (hall at any time claim, or pretend to have, in any of the faid manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments mentioned in the faid judgment and writ of partition fo awarded as aforefaid, although all perfons concerned are not named in the proceedings thereupon, nor the title of the tenants to the faid writ truly fet forth.

II.	Provided always. That if fuch tenant or tenants, or , perfon concerned, or any of them, againft whom, or their nams may (hew right or title, fuch judgment by default is given, (hall matter in bar of within the fpace of one year after the firft judgment en- P^1100-tred, or in cafe of infancy, coverture, non fane me/norie, or abfence out of the kingdom, then within one year after his, her, or their return, or the determination of fuch inability, apply themfelves by motion to the court where fuch judgments are entred, and (hew good and probable matter in bar of fuch partition, or that the demandant hath not title to fo much as he hath fo recovered; then and in fuch cafe the court may fufpend or fet afide fuch judgment, and admit the tenant or tenants to appear and plead, and the caufc (hall proceed according to due courfe of law, as if no fuch judgment had been given : and if the court, upon hearing thereof, (hall adjudge for the firil demandant, then the faid firft judgment (hall (land confirmed, and be good againft all perfons whatfoever, except fuch other perfons as (hail be abient or difabled as aforefaid; and the perfon or perfons fo appealing (hall be awarded thereupon to pay cofts; or if within fuch time or times aforefaid, the tenants or perfons concerned, admitting the demandant’s title, parts, or purparts, (hall yet (hew to the court any inequality in the partition, the court may award a new partition to be made in prefence of all parties concerned, if they will appear, notwithftanding the return and filing upon record of the former; which faid fecond partition returned and filed (hail

be





Digitized^

Goggle

No pica in abatement admitted.

Where high (heriff cannot be prefent, under Sheriff with a jnfticet ma y ex-acute the writ.

Tenants before dirifkm lkmU continue,

and landlords nuke good their parts,

where demandant tenant in adual poffef-(ion to the tenant to the writ.

Sheriffs, Ac. (ball attend execution, imkb ctufe.

otherwise

' coirs, not exceeding $L

ft* maib Fear ef WtWra Ut. valid, apd firm for ever againff all perfons whatsoever, except as before excepted.

iH. And be it enabled by the authority aforefiud. That bo plea in abatement (hall be admitted or received in any lute for partition, nor (hall the fame be abated by reafon oi •the death of any tenant or tenants thereunto.

IV.	And -be it further enafied by the authority aforefaid. That when the high (heriff, by reason of di&anCe, infirmity, or any other hindrance, cannot conveniently be pre-jfcrtt at the execution of any judgment in partition, in fuch /cafe the under (heriff, in prefence of two juffices of the peace of the county, where the lands, .tenements, or hereditaments to he divided-do lie, (hall and may proceed to execution of any writ of partition by -inquifition in due form of law, as if the high (heriff were then perfonally prefent; and the high (heriff thereupon (hall and is hereby enabled and required to make die fame -return as if he were perfonally prefent at fuch execution: and in cafe fuch partition be made, returned, and filed, he or they that were tenant or tenants of any of the faid mcffuhges, land, tenements. Or hereditaments, or any part or purpart thereof, before they were (o divided, (hall conrinbe and be tenant or tenants for fuch parts fet out fevcraUy to the xefpe&ive landlords.or owners thereof, by and under, die fame conditions* rents, .covenants, and refervations, where they are or (ball be (b divided, and the .landlords and owners of the fe-vcral parts and purparts, fo divided and allotted as aforefaid, (hall warrant and .make good unto their refpeftive tenants the (aid federal .parts fevera&y after fuch partition, as they are or mere boond to do by any copy, leafe, or grant of their refpo&ive parts before any partition made; and in cafe any demandant be tenant in a&ual pofleffion to the tenant to the writ or a£Uon for iris part and proportion, or any part thereof, in the meffuages, lands, .tenements, and here-dkstnents, to |be divided by .virtne of a writ of partition as Mbrefud, for any teem of life, lives, or years, or uncertain imeueti, .the (aid tenants (hall Hand and hie poffdfcd of the feid, purparts and proportions for the like term, and under the feme conditions and covenants, when it is fet out in fe-VCeaUy ippiurfiuoGC of this .or any other ad, (lauite, or Uw tPitfipt pnrpafe.

V.	Andbe ^further jcna&ed by the authority aforefaid, Thtffoetiefpcftive flreriffs, .their under Sheriffs, and depu-lies, and, in /cafe of fkknefs or difebilay in the high foe-riff, ollfoftkos -of foe peace .within /their refpc&iye dirifions, AdU* wtr xiflttsenient eat ice, give due attendance to the pxaqHmg foe* writ of partition, .uaJds reafonabLe caofebe Awwiat6foe>ooiKX ap9nmth, and .then allowed of, or other-wife bchahk cxmjj of them .to pay junto the .demandant foch cofts and damages as (hall be awarded by the court, not exceeding five pounds; for which the demandant or plaintiff may bring his afitioo in any of his Majefty’s courts of

record



Digitized by

The ninth Year of W3Kam III.	J45

record at Dublin, wherein no effoyn, prote6Eon, privilege, A. D. or wager of law fhall be allowed, or more than one impar- 1967. lance : and in cafe the demandant do not agree to pay unto Chap. 12. the flieriff or under fheriff, juftices, and jurors, fuch fees as they lhall refpe&ively demand for their pains and atten-	may

dance in the execution of the fame, and returning thereof,	c?to

then the court (hall award what each perfon (hail receive, u 9 c# having refpeA to the diftance of the place from their re-(jpe&ive habitations, and the time they mud neceflarily (pend about the fame, for which they may feverally bring their a&ions as aforefaid.

VI.	Provided chat this a£t lhall continue in force for fe- in force fcven yen veaxs, and from thence to the end of the next feflion

of the next Parliament, and no longer.

VII.	And whereas many inconveniencies and law-fuits Made pt*pe**~ have heretofore arifen, and may hereafter arife, by reafon al 6 A*** 3-the bounds of the feveral proprieties of lands within this

kingdom, are not fufficiently diftinguilhed by certain and known mears : for prevention whereof, and for the better carrying off* the water, and draining the bogs and wet lands, and improving the fame; be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That where the mears of lands between proprie- Mears of ty and propriety, have or fhall hereafter be fet out or parti8tjoQ afcertained by a writ of partition, perambulation, or other- equal charge ?o wife, the fame fhall at equal charge of the proprietors be inclofed. thereof, or their tenants, be inclofed with good ditches, where earth fufEdent may be had to make the fame, and therein one or two rows of quick-fets lhall be planted; and where earth fhall be wanting, fuch other fences fhall be made as the nature of the foil fhall permit.

VIII.	And where lands are leafed for a longterm, it By whom the may feem unequal to lay the charge of fuch ditches and Jargc ofhw fences on the landlords: be it therefore enabled. That ** h^ne.

where lands are held in fee farm, or for lives renewable for ever, or for a term of fixty years, to run from the fixth day of November one thoufand fix hundred ninety feven, there the charge of making the mears or fences as aforefaid, fhall be entirely borne by the tenant; and where lands are leafed for lives, wherein three lives fhall be current, or for years, where twenty one years fhall be unexpired, at or upon the faid fixth day of November one thousand fix hundred ninety feven, there the faid mears fhall be inclofed at the equal charge of landlord and tenant; and where lands are leafed for any lefler time or term, the bounds <hall be inclofed at the foie charge of the landlord.	^	tQ

IX.	Provided, That nothing in this a£t contained, fhall former cove-*

be taken or conftrucd to be taken, to make void any cove- nants between uants heretofore made between landlord and tenant relating landlord and te-to the inclofing of mears.	na£t* .

X.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, not

That whatfoever perfon or perfons chargeable by this adl 5 months aFtex

with partition.





Digitized by

Google

Ditches kept <m .(t at equal charge.

Penalty.

Divers inferi. or courts of re cord, for cafe of the fubje&:

The ninth Year of William Ilf. with the fencing and cloftng of their bounds, as aforefaid, who lhall not have a&ually done the fame within fix months after fuch partition made, (hall forfeit for his or their ncgleft one year's value of the faid land ; one noyety thereof to the ure of the poor of the parifh where fuch land (hall fie ; and the other moycty to him or them that will fue for the fame : and if the perfon or perfons chargeable with the inclolrng his mean as aforefaid, (hall further negleft to do the fame within one year; he or they fo offending again ft this a& fhali forfeit two years value of the faid lands, to be paid and recovered in manner aforefaid.

XT. And it is hereby further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That all mearing, fences, ditches, and drains, made, or hereafter to be made, be and (hall from time to time, and at all times hereafter, at the equal charge of the tenants and occupiers of the faid lands, be kept open, fcoured and cleanfed, that the water may not (land butpafs away; and that whrufoever perfon or perfons (hall refufe or negleft to do the fame (hall forfeit for fuch rcfufal and neg-lett one year's valne of the faid land ; to be recovered m fuch manner, and to fuch ufes, as is herein before ex-prefled:

CHAP. XIII.

An Att for avoiding of vexatious Delay , cat fed by removing Aniens and Safes cut cf inferior Courts.

rHRREAS there now are and long time have been

divers Courts of record in divers cities, liberties.

■w*

towns corporate zrA ellcwhcre, tome of them being far remote from Dublin, which were principally obtained for the eafe and quiet of fuch as lbould have occafion to fue there for debts and wrongs, fo that they might with fmall cyprnces receive je.ftice according to the merits of their car.fes in thnfe inferior courts, without being compelled to travel to Dublin; but cf late divers of his Majefty’s fub-jefls, having for juft end true debts and other good and lawful caufes, commenced fuitrs in fuch inferior courts, and profecuted their actions and fuites many times ready for trya!, and the fame caufcs being for the mod pan of fmall value, have been removed into lorne of his Majefty’s courts at Dublin, and being remanded by procedendo into the fame inferior courts where the a&ion or (utc was firft commenced, the fame having been again oftentimes removed into the fame or other of his Majefty's courts at Dublin, to the intolerable delay of jnftice, and great cypmccs of money and lofs and trouble to thofe who juftly and honeftly by fuch afHons and futes have fought only to recover or get fatbfaclioB for debts, duties, or wrongs, owing, due, or

done

Digitized by ^ooQle

No babe a i cor*

%bc ninth Year of William III. done onto them : for remedy whereof, be it enabled by

the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That no writ or writs of habeas corpus, certiorari, or any other writ or writs, procefs or procefCcs^tr!*efritabfr^oc whatfoever, other than writs of error or attaint, to be fued forth after the twentieth day of November next, which to remove a fuit >v}ll be in this prefent year of our Lord one thoafand fix out of court of hundred ninety feven, by any perfon orperfons, whatfoever, record in any out of or from ar.v of his Maiefty’s courts at Dublin, or

„ C	\	{_	iuriidi6ion	(nail

out of any other court or courts, having or pretending to £ aUowcd in h^ve power to award fuch writs or procefies to flay or re- fuch court, njevc any a&ion, bill, plaint, fu;e, cr caufe brought commenced, Of depending, or hereafter to brought, commenced, or depending, in ar.y coprt or courts of record within any city, liberty, town corporate or elfewhere, which have or fhall have jcrifdi&ion, power, or authority to hold plea in th.n a&ion, bill, plaint, fate, or caufe, the fame caufe of aftion, bill, plain:, or face arifing or growing within the faid city, lifyerty^ town corporate or jurifdi&ion, fhall, after the faid twentieth day of November next, be r* ccivcd or allowed by the fteward, judge or judges, or officer or oncers of the court or courts, wherein or to whom any Inch writ or vyrits (ball be djre&cd and delivered, but that he and they lhall and may proceed in the faid caufe or which may caufes, qs though i\o fuch writ or writ* were fued forth or proceed uoc-dolivcred to him or them, except that \]\c faid writ or writs wijhftaruLu*, be delivered to the fteward or ftewurds, judge or judges,m	rein'

officer or officers of the faid court, befotc iliue or demurrer joyned in the faid caufe or caufes fo depending, or to be depending, in fuch court of record in any city, liberty, town corporate, or elfewhere, having power to hold fuch plea, fo as the faid ift'uc and demurrer be not joined in fix weeks next after the arreft or appearance cf the defendant or defendants to fuch a&icn or fute commenced.

II. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,	yme	fe_

That if any fuch aelipn, bill, plaint, fuite, or caufe, which moved, and rc-is or fhall hereafter be brought, commenced, or depend- manded by pro-ing in any fuch court of record in any city. Lb. rty, town oefemdo, ftnll ne-corporatc, or elfewhere, (h.di after thv f.;il twentieth day of November next, be remoteJ or ft. yed by any fuch writ or writs, procefs or prect ifVs ;o be fued furth out cf any of his Majefty’s courts 2t Dublin, or any other court as afore-faid, that if afterwards t e fame afhon, bill, plaint, fute, or caufe, lha’1 be lemand d or lent bade again by any writ Or writs of / r:ccdjndc, or other writ whatfoever, that then the faid action, bill, plaint, ft;uju>r caule, fhall never afterwards be removed or da yed before judgment by any writ

or writs whatfoever to be fued forth out of any of his Ma-/

’ ................ *• :

Digitized by v^,ooQle

Suita not to be removed.

Such courts

The ninfb Year of William Iff.

Jefty’s faid courts at Dublin, or any other court a4 a/ortf&irf'; any law, ftatute, cuftom, ufage, or reftraint to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithffanding.

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefhid, That if any aftion, bill, plaint, fute, or caufe, not concerting freehold or inheritance. Or title of land, leafe, or rent, which (hall be brought, commenced, or depending in any fuch court of record, or any city, liberty, town corporate, or elfewhere, if it (hall appear, or be laid in the faid declaration, that the debt, damages, things demanded, doth Or fhall not amount to or exceed the fum of five pounds, that (hen fuch aftion, bill, plaint, fute, or caufe, {hall not be ftayed nor be removed into any of his Majefty’s courts tt Dublin, or other court as aforefaid, by any writ or writs whatfoever, to be fued or profecuted forth or out of his Majefty’s faid courts at Dublin, or other courts as aforefaid, other than writs of error or attaint; any law, ftatute, Ufage, cuftom, or reftraint, to the contrary in any wife not-Withftanding.

icn conns	And	be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

msy refnfe writs That if any writ or writs whatfoever (hall be after the (aid fued contrary twentieth day of November next granted Qr fued forth ob$ to this ad. of any of his Majelty’s courts at Dublin, or other coart, contrary to the meaning of this prefent that then it fhall and may be lawful to and for the judge or judges, and officer or officers, to whom fuch writ or writs (hah be delivered, to difallow and refufe the fame, and to proceed as if no fuch writ or writs had been granted or fued out or forth, as aforefaid ; any law, ftatute, ufage, cuftom, 0* reftraint to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

V.	And whereas fome perfons have doubted whether in aft made in the tenth year of the reign of King Charles io C. x. u.feiT. the firfl, intituled. An aft' for expedition of juflice in cafes of demurrers, Ac. and one other aft made in the faid tenth year of the faid King Charles the fir ft, intituled. An aft 10 C. i. xa. for the reformation of jeofailes, &c. extend to inferior courts feff. s.	of record : and whereas an aft made in the thirty third year

Of the reign of Kong Henry the eight, intituled. An aft touching mif-impleading and jeofailes9 and another aft made in the faid tenth year of the faid King Charles the firft* io C. 1.8. foff. intituled. An aft for avoiding unneceffary delays of execution, 3*	and another aft made in the feventeCftth and eighteenth

years of King Charles the fecond, intituled. An aft topre-vent arrefts of Judgment, and fuperfeading executions, are found by experience to be good and beneficial laws, but do not extend to the faid inferior courts: to the end theieof that all his Majefty’s fubjefts may have the full benefit abd advantage of fo good laws, be it enafted by the authority

____________ aforefaid. That all the feveral above mentioned afts (hall,

ferior court. M from the faid twentieth day of Ndvejhber next be, and he • *	conteoed

17 & 18 C. a. xa.

all faid afts e* tended to in-

Digitized by LjOoq le

1

The ninth Tear of William IH.	jij

Cofiftroed to b£, in force in all inferiur courts of record &i A. this kingdom, and fhafl be as effe&ttel and as duly obferved 1697-in all the faid inferior courts, as if the faM inferior courts had been particularly named and ex^rdfed in the feveral above mentioned sifts.

VL And whereas in county courts, manor courts, and Other inferior courts, where fmall aftions of debts and da- Jn mages under forty (hillings are tryed, fufficient encourage- co^Irt*, having nrtnt cannot be given to atfornles or other perfons (killed power to try in the law of this realm to praftice, fo that the pleadings under 40a* and proceedings in the faid courts are not fo formal as by hw they ought to be, for the eafe of the fubjeft : be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That in all the faid inferior courts, which have power to try aftions under forty (hillings, and' no more, that the proceedings and pleadings may be in Englifli, and (hall not for that, or any other defeft in form, be quafhed or vaccuated, if the fame be removed by Writ Of falfe judgment Or otherwife, into any of his Majefty*s courts Of record; any former law, cuftom, ftatute, or ufage, €0 the contrary notwithflanding.

CHAP. XtV.

An Aft for Redrefs of certain Abufes in making Pewter and Brafs.

WHEREAS there is much pewtOr and brafs made, Pewtererslr wrought, and tended within this kingdom, which	10

is not of fuch fine metal and fuch perfeft goodnefs as the fame ought to be, and is made, wrought, and vended often- ** times by very untkifful perfons who underhand not the true making and working of fuch metals, or by other perfons who ufe the faid art deceitfully, all which tends much to the prejudice of his K/fajefty’s fubjefts, who have occafioti to buy and make ufe of pewter and brafs: for remedy whereof be it enafted by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpintual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, nnd by authority of the fame. That from and after the firft day of January next, which will be in the prefent year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred and ninety feven, no person or perfons ufing the craft or trade of pewterers and braziers, or who buy, fell, trade, or deal in the fame within this realm, (hall (ell or change any pewter or brafs, new or old, at any place or places, fave only in open fairs and markets, or in their own publick (hops and dwelling houfes, upon pain that every perfon and perfons, acting contrary hereunto, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit ana lofe the fum of forty (hillings ; the one half to go and be to the gfc of the poor of the pari(h where fiicn offence (hall be

committed.

Digitized by v^-ooQle

be of as good metal as tf^fe caft in London.

oath by magif-tratcs.

The ninth Tear of William III. committed, the other half to the perfon or perfons that (hall feize, find, or profecute for the fame.

IT. And be it furthei cr.a&ed by the authority aforefaid. That no perfon or perfons, from z,nd after the laid firUday New pewter Qf Janus; y next, (hall a* any place or places within this & brafsveflels to	cafL make, or work any new pewter or brafs vcffel,

but fuch as (hall be of as good fine metal as is the pewter and brafs, cad and wrought after the perfed goodnefs required for the fame within the city of London, upon pain of '	forfeiture of all and every fuch pewter and brafs veffel and

veffcls fo cad, made, and wrought contrary thereunto; the one half of fuch forfeiture to be to the ufe of ths poor of the parilh where fuch offence (hall be committed, the other half to the ufe of the finder, difeoverer, and profecutor for the off	k	**ame » which foid offences (hall be examined, heard, and deexam ine^oQ0 **	tcrm^ned all cities and corporate towns, by and before

the mayor, bailiff, fovereign, portreeve, or other head officer of fuch city or town corporate, and in all other places, by and before two judices of the peace of the refpedive counties where fuch goods (hall be fo feized as aforefaid ; who are hereby authorized and required to examine the (aid matters on oath of one or tiiore witnefles, which oath they are hereby authorized to adminiller, and to hear and determine, and give Judgment thereupon, for the forfeiture of fiich goods to the ufes aforefaid, or otherwife for diTcharg-ing and rellorirg the fame, as they (hall (ee caufe; which faid judgment fo given fuch mayor, bailiff, judices of the peace, or other officer, are hereby required to return, and certifie to the indices of the peace at the next quarter ftflions to be held for fuch city, town corporate, or county refpec-tively, to the intent that the fame may be there entered of record.

I1J. Provided always. That no pewter and brafs fhaJI be fo feized or forfeited, fave orly fuch as (hall at the time of fuch feizure be ir. the poffe.ffion of fome pewterer or brafier, or other perfon ufmg the faid trade or mydery, or felling fuch pewter or brafs, or of fome perfon cr perfons in trud fur him or them, and not fuch as (hall be in the poffeilion of any othc r perfon not ufing fuch trade or mydery, as the proper goods of fuch other perfon.

IV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That no manner of perfon or perfons of what degree or condition foever he or they be, from and after the laid fird day of January next, (hall make any holiow wares, that is to fay, falts and pots, cr the like, of pewter called lay-metal, which (hall be of coarfer or worfe metal than according to the affize of lay-metal wrought within the city of London; and that the makers of fuch wares (hall make the fame wares with feveral and particular marks of their own, to the intent that the makers of fuch wares (hall avow the fame, and iuch

wares

Where pewter and brafs may be feized.

Hollow wares

•f lay metal.

Digitized by

The mnfJy Tear of William til.	jit	*

wares may appear to be made by them ; and that aH afid aY D. every fuch wares not fo fufhciently made, wrought, or mark-	1697.

ed in form aforefaid, found in the poffcffion of the fame mak- thap. 14. er or feller, lhall be fei7ed as forfeited; and if the fame : ware be fold before fueh feizure, then the faid maker lball Makers 19 forfeit the value of the fame ware fo unlawfully wrought and have particular fold, the one half of fuch forfeiture to be to the ufe of the raarks» poor of the parifh where fuch offence (hall be committed, • and the other half to the ufe of the finder or finders, fcarch-er, and profecutor for the fame; fuch offences to be exa* mined, heard, and determined as aforefaid.

V.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,	fa^e

That if any perfon or perfons after the faid firft day of Ja- bcaflH or nuary next, ufmg, buying, and felling of peWter and braft, weights, penal-fhall have or make ufe of any deceitful or falfe beams or 5h weights, fuch perfon or perfons fhall for every fuch offence

forfeit the fum of five pounds; the one half to the poor of the parifh where fuch offence fhall be committed, the other half to the perfon or perfons finding, difeovering, and pro-fecuting for the fame; fuch profecution to be before fuch refpeftrve perfons, and in like manner, as for the other offences againft this aft before mentioned, and fuch perfons are hereby refpeftively authorized and required to aft therein as in cafes of fuch other offences ; and if the faid offender or offenders fhall not be fofficient to pay the faid fuih	If not able to

or fums, fo by him or them forfeited, that then it fhall and PaY» . may be lawful to and for fuch perfon or perigns refpeftively, ?°ck8* before whom fuch offences fhall be tryed, to put fuch offery-4ory’ der in the flocks for the fpace of two hours, and after to continue him in cuftody until the next market-day for the place where fuch offente fhall be committed, and then in the open market-place, during the chief time of fuch market* to pat and continue him with his head in the pillory for the fpace of one hour.

VI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid* Matter and That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the matter and warden*, &c. to Wardens of the faid crafts of pewterers and brafiers, with- a^rehend of-in every city and borough1 within this realm, where fuch f^den. matter and wardens are, and where fuch matter and wardens .

are not, then to and for the head officer, and magiftrates of the faid city and borough, to appoint certain perfons mott expert in knowing of the fame, to make fearch in cities and boroughs, where they dwell, for and after fuch offenders, and him or them to apprehend, orcaafe to be apprehended ; and alfo to* feiae fuch goods as they fhaH juftly fufpeft to bo made' contrary to this aft, and lyabte to be foiled by virtue thereof, and forthwith to bring fuck offenders and goods, fo apprehended and ieized, before the refpeftive perfons hereby required to hear and determine fuCh offences, in order 10 their further procedure thereupon according to the direc-Vol. II,	X	tions

Digitized by v^.ooQle

The ninth Tear of William III. tkrns of this a&; and the juftices of the peace within every (hire or county of this kingdom arc hereby authorized and required at the general fernons of the peace, to be held for their rtfpe&ive counties at Michaelmas in every year, to affign and appoint two certain perfons, having experience in fuch goods, to make fearch in the premises in every part of the faid (hire or county, as well within franchifes as without, except in cities or boroughs, where perfons are appointed for that purpofe by the head officers or governor of the fame, and to feize fuch offenders and goods, and bring the fame before fuch juftices of the peace, who is hereby required to hear and determine fuch offences, in order to their further procedure thereon as aforefaid ; and that in default of the mailer and wardens, or other the perfons to be appointed according to this aft, of feaiching in manner aforefaid, it fhall and may be lawful to and for any other perfon or perfons, having cunning and knowledge in the faid occupation, by overiight of the mayor, bailiff, and head officers of the faid cities and buroughs, to fearch all the aforefaid places for any of the aforefaid unlawful metals and unlawful weights, in order to the putting of this prefent ad in due execution.

CHAP. XV.

An Aft for the more eajy and fpetdy feeuring and Recovery of fmall Debts.

WHEREAS nothing would conduce more to the advancement of trade, commerce, and induftry in this kingdom, than that an eafy and fummary way for the recovery and feeuring of fmall debts might be found, whereby an univerfal credit might be eftabliihed among the trad-ing people of this realm, without the neceffity of tedious and coftly futes of law : may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enaded, and be it enaded by the King’s mofl excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent A regifter to Qf ior<is fpintual and temporal and commons in this pre-thc^msr*tC&c ^cnt P|Lr^ament affembled, and by authority of the fame, in every county. That in every county, and every county of % city, and county of a town, in this kingdom of Ireland, fomc perfon before the firft day of February in this prefent year of our Lord one thoufaifd fix hundred ninety feven, be appointed by his Majefty, or by the lord lieutenant, lord deputy, lord juftice or lords juftices, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, to be regifter in each county, or county of a city, or county of a town; which faid perfon fo appointed fhall be a re fide nt or inhabitant for the moll part in fuch county refpedively wherein he (hall be as herein after employed, and fhall enter into recognizance of five hundred pounds jlerling, before fome one

322

A. D.

Two perfons to be for like purpofe appointed every Mi*

Others may . fearch, on default.

Digitized by LjOoq le

The ninth Tear of William HI.	323

of the judges of either bench, or barons of his Majefty’s A. D. court of Exchequer, or before the juftices of the peace at	1697.

the next quarter-feffions to be holden for the {aid county. Chap. 13. for the due execution of his office; which faid recogni- C--— zance fhall be filed of record in his Majefty’s court of Exchequer in this kingdom, fome time before the laft day of the enfuing term after fuch recognizance fhall be acknow- He may ap~ ledged ; and that every fuch regifter of any fuch county as point deputies, aforefaid, fhall and may, by the authority of this aft, have power to appoint one or more deputy or deputies to officiate under him in fuch county refpeftively.

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. Oath to be That every fuch regifter and deputy or deputies, before firft by he or they (hall take upon him or them refpeftively the exe- xc£lftc,» cution of the faid office, fhall take the following oath before fome one or more of the juftices of the peace of the faid county, or county of a city, or county of a town, or before the chief magiftrate of fuch town or corporation, or his deputy, where iuch regifter fhall keep his office, vise,

I A. B. do fwear, that I -will according to the befi of try jkill and cunning, duly and faithfully execute the office of re-regifter or deputy regiftor tn this county, according to an ad of Parliament, intituled. An aft for the more eafy and fpeedy fecuring and recovery of fmall debts; and that 1 will not diredly nor iniiredly demand, take, or receive, any manner of fee, reward, or gratuity, by rcafon or colour of my office> other than fuch fees as are allowed by the faid ad.

So help me COD.

And fhall then likewife take the oaths and fubf:ribe the de- . ajfo and claration mentioned and contained in an aft of Parliament declaration in made in England in the third year of the reign of his pre- Eng ftat. 3 Mr. fent Majefty and the late Queen Mary, intituled, An ad & Af. 2, for the abrogating the oath of fupremacy in Ireland, and appointing other oaths; which faid oath of office, and other oaths and declaiation, the faid juftice or juftices of the peace, or other chief magiftrate of fuch town or corporation, or his deputy, are hereby authorized, impowered, and required to adminifter: and further, that every fuch regifter, deputy, or deputies aforefaid, upon the pain, penalty, and forfeiture of his or their refpeftive office or offices, fhall take the aforefaid oath of office, and the aforefaid oaths, and fnbfcribe the declaration, at the next quarterTeffiont, or and take faid the next affizes to be holden for the faid county, or coun- oat*'8 at 9™1 ty of a city, or county of a town, which fhall fir ft hap- <luartcr* 0 'ons‘ pen, in open court, between the hours of nine and twelve in the morning; which faid oaths refpeftively, and declaration, the laid judges of affize, or juftices of the peace at X 2	their

Digitized by L^ooQle

Bonds and bills not exceeding to/. under hand and feal, acknowledged before ana certified by ijuUicei

iw rccorera-ile.

. Printed and

d^pedwith

^mg'sarm^

font*. :

The ninth Year of William III. their refJ>e£Hve feflions, arc hereby authorized, i id powered, and required to adminifter.

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore-faid, That from and after the faid firft day of February next, every perfon and perfons having any bond or bill' under hand and feal, for any fum or fums of money, not exceeding ten pounds principal money, which laid bond or bill being acknowledged before any perfon who is a juftice of the peace in this kingdom, or before the chief magif-tratc of any town corporate, and fuch juftice of the peace or chief magiftrate or his deputy, certifying fuch acknowledgment, which acknowledgment every juftice of the peace of this kingdom, and every chief magiftrate of any town corporate, or his deputy, are by the authority of this ad, impowered and required to take, and certificate under their respective hands and ieals to make and deliver to the party and parties interefted in fuch bond or bonds, bill or bills, which certificate and bond or bill being brought to the regifter or his deputy of fuch county, county of a city, or county of a town, wherein fuch perfon is a juftice of the peace, pr chjgC ^agiftrate of a town corporate, or his deputy, fu^h regifter, or hi$ deputy or deputies, or one of them, ihajl in a book to be kept, for that pur pole, nuke an entry of the faid bond or bill, and acknowledgment at large, as alfo th$ receipts and transfers thereon endorfed, if any be; and from and after fuch entry, the perfon or perfons who perfected the fame, his and their goods and chatties perfonal fhall be thereby bound and liable to the faid debt and intcreft from the day of payment, in like manner, ns if the fame had been a judgment at law.

IV.	And to the end there may be no miftakes or contro-▼erfies for or concerning the faid bonds or bills in relation to the wording thereof; be it further ena&ed by the authority a fore faid. That all fuch bonds or bills as ihall be regiftred in purfuance of this art, (hall be printed and . ftamped with hi? Majefty’s arms, and be in the form foliowing : that is to fay,

KNOfV all men by theft prejents, that	of

in the county of	do	acknowledge

myfelf to Jland jujlly indebted unto	of

in tbt county (f	in	tbt

foil and juft fum of	pounds,	fterliog, to he paid

fo tbt faid	his	executors,	adnuniftreitors	,	or

aligns, at or before the	day of

to the which payment I bind myfelf\ my beitL, executors and adminiftrators; and in default of payment thereof, I do Ctnftnt that execution jhall ijfue againft my body* goods and utiles perfonal; witncfs my hand and feal this day of

And in cafe there; be twp or more pejfians bound in the

Gm4

Digitized by

Google

I	I /

STbe ninth Year of William III.	32$

faid bond, the faid printed bond fhall be printed and made	A. D.

foas to comprehend them, and to bind them jointly and	1697,

feverally.	Chap.	15.

V.	And to the end forged and counterfeit bonds or bills may be prevented, and the fnbje&s of this land fufHciently Regifter* to provided with the faid bonds or bills, fo printed and provide bonds, ftamped, at eafy and moderate rates : be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That every regifter of any county, or county of a city, or county of a town, (hall provide, in every market town within their refpe&ive limits and preempts, a fufficient quantity of fach blank bonds or bills for fale, ftamped with the King’s arms, and the name of the county whereof fuch perfon (hall be regifter ; and that no fseitfon or perfons whatfnever (hall expole to fale in any fuch market-town as aforefaid any ftamped, printed bonds or Bonds damp* bills, other than fuch as (hall be ftamped by the faid regifter or his deputy or deputies, upon the penalty of forfeiting ten

rnds for each offence to fuch regifter; to be Recovered fuch regifter, thereby injured bv a&ion of debt, bill, jjlarat, or information, wherein no effoin (hall be allowed, or more than one imparlance.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enabled and declared by the authority aforefaid, That no perfon <or perfons ^ ^

(hall be obliged to pay more than one penny for each of fuch bonds or bills.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-laid, That the words ofed by the party or parties transferring of the faid bonds or bill, (hall be thefe or to the like efFe& following : that is to fayj

I A. B. do transfer (his till to C. D. as fjuitnefs my hand this	day of	anno	domini	Transfer#

And in cafe there be two or more obligees* then the , faid transferrer (hall be in their names, with proper words to the effeft and purport aforefaid, mntatis mutandis.

VIII.	And be it further ena£led#by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons (land indebted by fuch When war* bond or bill, acknowledged and entred as aforefaid, and fhall refufe to pay fuch debt or debts at the time the fame fhall become due and payable, or at any time afterwards, fuch creditor or creditors, making oath that the money due thereon hath been demanded, and the bond or bill tendred to the party or parties indebted, his or their executors or adminiftrators, at his or their phice or places of abode or rcfidence, the (aid oath to be made before the juftices of the peace at the quarter feftions to be holden for the county, county of a city, or county of & town where the faid bond or bill is entred, in open court, between the hours of nine and twelve in tfie morning (which oath the faid juftices of the peace are hereby impowered and required to ad mini ft er, and which oath the faid regifter, oriiif

de4 uty.

Digitized by LjOOQle

Payment to be endorfed.

The ninth Year of William III. deputy, are required to receive and enter) then the faid regifler, or his deputy, at the fame quarter feffions of the peace, or at any other quarter-feflions to be holden for the faid county at any time within one year after the faid money (hall become due and payable, upon the delivery to him the faid regifter or his deputy of the faid bond or bill, (hall iflue a warrant of execution under his hand and feal of office, direfted to all and every the high (heriffs, coroners, bailiffs, fenefchals, ftewards, and highconfta-bles of this kingdom, againft the perfon or perfons, his or their executors or adminiftrators, owing the faid money,’ or his and their goods aud chatties perfonal, for the re* covery and levying of the faid money, together with the intered which (hall then be due, as alfo the cods and fees for entering of the faid bond or bill, and for the warrant of execution, and other fees, according to the dire&ions and limitations Herein after mentioned and expreffed.

IX.	And to the end all difpntes and tontroverfies for and concerning the payment and discharge of fuch debt or debts, for or on account of fuch bonds or bills, may be prevented ; be it further cnafted by the authority aforefaid. That no payment or payments (hall be edeemed valid, for or on account of fuch bonds or bills, unlefs the fame be entred on the back of the faid bond or bill by the party or parties interefted herein at the time of entering of fuch payment or payments.

X.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. Sheriffs, &c. That foerifi*> coroners, bailiffs, fenefchals, ftewards,

and high conftablcs, who (hall have the execution of the faid warrants in their refpe&ive counties, county of a city, or county of a town, precintts and liberties, (hall have full power and authority, upon the delivery of fuch warrant or wai rants to them refpedively, and are accordingly hereby required to arreft and take the body or bodies, of the perfon or perfons, aeainft whom the laid warrants of execution (hall iflue, if fo be the party or parties plaintiff or plaintiffs, his or their fervant or agent, (hall defire the lame : and in cafe any perfon or perfons at fuch defire (hall be fo arrefted or taken by any of the aforefaid offi-r-iled by offi- cerg appointeo by this aft, who have not the cuftody or •'Mftody^prf? keeping of prifoners upon execution out of his Majefty*s < oner son esrcu- Four-courts, that then the perfon or perfons fo taken (hall u«»n mit*f four be delivered to the plaintiff*, or his fervant or agent, to be couits, &c- carried and conveyed to the (heriff or other officer having the cuftody of the gaol of the faid county where the faid perfon or perfons (hall be fo taken, at the charge and peril of the plaintiff, who is hereby required to receive and keep him or them in fafe cuftody ; which faid (heriff, or other officer having the cuftodp of the faid gaol, (hall be chargeable with the find debtor or debtors, in like manner as if luch sheriff, Ac. debtor or debtors had been taken upon a capias ad fails• hdi liable with faciendum upon a judgment at common law. v	XI.	And

(hall arreft the party

Perfons ar-

Digitized by v^ooQle

The ninth Tear, of William III.	327

XI.	And be it further enafted by the authority. afore- A* D. faid, That the faid feveral ftierifFs, coroners, bailiffs, fe- 1697. nefchals, ftewards, and high-conftables in their refpeftive Chap. 15. limits and precinfts, (hall by the authority of this aft have full power and authority upon foch warrant of execution whenSheriff againft any perfon or perfons goods, at the defire of the on fuch * party or parties plaintiff or plaintiffs, his or \heir agent or warrant may fervant, to feize and take the faid perfon or perfons goods fcde and ap-and chatties perfonal in execution, and the fame to ap-praife by the appraifers of the parith or barony where the*0, fame (hall be 10 taken or feized, and (hall give the debtor or debtors, if fo be he or they may be found, the firft refufal of the faid goods and chattels petfonal at the ap-praifed rate; which if the faid debtor or debtors fhall re-fufe or negleft to pay within ten days after fuch ap-praifement, then the faid goods and chatties perfonal fhall be fold and delivered to the plaintiff, his fervant or agent, he or they paying, according to the appraifed values to the party or parties interefted, whatfoever fum or fums of money the fame fhall amount unto, over and above the faid principal debt, interefi, and cofis, according to the true intent and meaning of this aft, and for which the faid warrant of execution fhall be a Sufficient authority to the faid fheriff, coroner, bailiff, fenefchal, fteward, and high conftable, and to every or any of them ; and that the faid Sheriff, &c. fheriff, coroner, bailiff, fenefchal, fteward, or high conftable,to makc a iC“ fhall make return thereon, in what manner the faid war-turn* rant was executed, to the regifter of the county, or his deputy or deputies from whence the faid warrant of execution iffue, at or before the next quarter-feffions of the peace to be holden for the faid county, after fuch execution executed; which warrant of execution, with the return thereof, fhall be read in the open court, and there filed and kept by the faid regifter or his deputy : and in cafe the fheriff, or any other officer as aforefaid appointed by this aft, fhall on any fuch warrant of execution take any perfon or perfons, or his or their goods or chatties perfonal, in purfuance or by colour of this aft, and fhall refufe or negleft to execute or make return of fuch warrant of execution in reafonable time after the delivery thereof, and according to the direftion of this aft, upon reafonable demand made by the plaintiff or plaintiffs, his or their fervant or agent, that then fuch fheriff, or other officer as	&c

aforefaid, refufing or neglefting fo to do, fhall be liable refuting or ne-to an aftion on the cafe at the Tute of the faid plaintiff orglr^njr, liable plaintiffs, his or their executors or adminiftrators, in like to aftion. manner as if the fame had been an execution executed on any judgment at Jaw, either upon the body or goods, and ihall pay treble cofts, in cafe judgment fhall pafs for fuch plaintiff or plaintiff, his or their executors or adnnmiirators.

XU- l'ru-

Digitized by LjOOQle

Elocution afHrtff body or goods:

Sheriff, &e. to purfuc direction of plaintiff:

No execution on goods during imi>rifonmcnt, lee.

Aflijrnee of bond niall nave foie right.

not prejudiced by difenarge alter wards.

Warrant in bu own name.

Thf ninth Yi*r of WilKam III.

. XII. Provided always, and be it further enabled and declared by the authority aforefaid, That all and every perfon or perfons plaintiff or plaintiff's in every fuch warrant of execution frail from time to time, apd at all times befors fuch execution made and executed, be at'full power and liberty to make his e left ion or choice, whether he will have the body or bodies, or goods perfonal, taken in execution, of the party or parties aefendant Qn fuch warrant of execution as aforefaid ; and that the faid fhcriiF, coroner, bailiff, fe* nefchal. He ward, and high conftajble, and every of them, frail purfoe the direction of the plaintiff or plaintiffs, his or ’ tfaeir fervant or agent, therein : and in cafe the plaintiff or plaintiffs, his or their fervant or agent, frail procure the laid defendants body to be taken in execution, then no further execution on the defendants goods frail be during the continuance of the faid defendants imprisonment; or in Cafe the plaintiff or plaintiffs, his or their fervant or agent, frail procure fuch defendants goods and chatties perfonal to be taken in execution, which on appraifement frail appear to be fpfficient to anfwer the faid complainants debt, principal, ifrtcrcit, and the cods herein after allowed, that then Ho execution frail be made on the faid defendants perfon ; any tping herein contained to the contrary in any wife uctr wit nth tiding.

Xill. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That it ihrtll and may be lawful to and for fuch perfon or perfons, to wnom any money frail be due or owing by fuch bond, or bill, upon the back of fuch bond or bill, in mar-ner as is aforefaid dire&ed, to transfer or aflign the money io due and owing, together with theintereft then accrued or to ac. rue, and the colls paid in purfuance or accordingto the direction of this to any other peifon or perfons whatlbever; and the lame fo afiigr.ed or transferred, fuch aflignee or af-fignees, his or tneir executors or adminiftrators, frail have tno entire and foie, right, intentft, and property in the laid bond or bill, together with the money, principal, intereff, and colts due thereon, cxclufively of any right, property, or intereff of any other perfon or perfons, his or their executors or adminiftrators, to whom the fame was formerly entred into, or transferred, or afligned ; and that no relcafe or dif-charge of any fuch former proprietor, after fuch a&gnment or transferring an aforefaid; (hall any way operate to the prejudice or damage of the party or parties to whom the fame frail be as aforefaid afligned o* transferred ; but that the aflignee or tran$ferrce, afrgnees or transferrees, bis or their executors, admiiuilrators or aflignes, who have or hath the right or intereft ifl the faid bond or bill, (hall have the warrant of execution in his or their own name or names, in as large, ample, and beneficial manner, as if the faid bond or bill had been at firft made to him or them; any law or cuftoQi to the contrary notwithstanding,

XIV, Provided

Digitized by

The ninth Tear of William III*	Jip

XIV.	Provided always, That the transferring or aflign- A. D. ing of fuch bond or bill (hall not any way extend, or be 1697. conftrued to extend, to oblige the perfon or perfons, or goods Chap. 15. and chatties, of the party or parties fo transferring; any

thing in this ad, or any other cuftom or law, to the contra- Transfer not ry hereof in any wife notwithllanding.	to oblige perfon

XV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,	°*	**"

That in cafe any perfon or perfons (hall prefume to forge or .*p0fging'&t. counterfeit any juftice of the peace’s hand or fed to any fuch felony:, bond or bill, cr the hand and feal of office of any fuch regif-

ter, or his deputy or deputies, to any fuch warrant of execution, or to any indorfements by fuch regifter, or his deputy or deputies, made, certifying that fuch bond or bill was regiftered according to or in pursuance of this ad; fuch perfon or perfons fo offending, and thereof duly convid, (hall fuffer fuch pains, penalties, and forfeitures as a felon without benefit of clergy.

XVI.	And for the better preventing of all partial and unfair pra&ices by any Iheriff, coroner, bdBff, fenefchal, fteward, or high conftablc in the execution of this ad, or any part thereof; be it enaded by the authority aforefaid,

That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the juftices of af*

fifce in their feveral circuits and ridings, at their general af- dided. fizes, and to and for the juftices of the peace at their general quarter-feffions in their refpedive counties where fuch partial or unfair pradices fhall be by them or any of them committed or done, and they are refpedively hereby required, upon complaint thereof, to caufe the party or parties offending as aforefaid to be thereof indided : and in cafe the party offending (hall not fubmit, he (hall be with all refonable freed tried ; and if verdid (hall pals againft him, or in cafe he (hall fubmit, that then the judge or judges of affize, or juftices of the peace, or major part of them,

(hall and may by the authority of this ad, and are hereby required to lay fuch fine, as to them refpedively (hall feem meet and reafonable, not exceeding ten pounds; the fame 10I. levied to be levied within thirty days after fuch fine impofed, by days, warrant of thefaid court relpedively where the (aid complaint (haji be made, upon the goods of the perfon fo offending and convid as aforefaid, without further appeal, or futc in law or equity,

XVII.	Provided always, That in cafe the perfon fo offending (hall within the-laid, thirty days make latisfadion to

the party or parties grieved, and (hall procure his or their In what ^ certificate under his or their hands and feals to that effed warrant may b« and purpofe, to the clerk of the crown, or clerk erf the ftaid. peace, refpedively direded, who is to iffue fuch warrant as aforefaid; that then and in fuch cafe, the faid" clerk of the crown, or clerk of the peace refpedively, are hereby required to make (lay of fuch warrants till the next afiizcs or next quarter feffions refpet-3	tively;

Digitized by v^ooQle

Debt not dif charged by

Fees to rcgif-ter.

The ninth Year of William III. tively; at which time it (hall and may be lawful to and for the judge or judges of affixe, or jufhces of the peace, or major part of them* upon application to them refpedively at their general affixes, or general quarter-feffions in open court, the party or parties injured being firft fatisfied as aforcfaid, to reduce fuch fine or fines according to his or . their refpe&ive difcretion or difcretions.

XVIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore-faid, That in cafe any perfon or perfons as aforefaid, taken in execution by anv fuch warrant of execution in purfuance of this ad, £hall dye in execution, the debt (hall not be discharged thereby, but be lyable to be levied and raifed in manner as aforefaid, by warrant of execution upon his or their goods and chatties perfonal, wherever they maybe found in this kingdom.

XIX.	And to the end exadion or extortion of fees for or concerning the execution of this ad may be prevented ; be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the re-gifter’s fees for entring the faid bond or bill, and certifying the fame, (hall be fix pence, and no more; and for iffuing a warrant of execution one (hilling, and no more; and for entring of a difcharge of the faid bond or bill three pence, and no more; and for entring each transfer, if defired,

feeuo ffienff, tWQ pCDCe9 and no morc . anj that the fees of the faid fhe-riff, coroner bailiff, fenefchal, fleward, or high conftable, for the taking of the faid obligor, or for taking of his goods and chatties on the faid warrant of execution, (hall be one (hilling, and no more; and to the appraifer or appraifers of toappmfcr* fuch goods and chatties perfonal, fix pence in the pound, • and no more; and to fuch officer or officers, to whom the to officers 64 cuftody of the faid perfon in execution (hall be committed, per pound. fix pence in the pound, and no more.

XX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe any perfon or perfons (hall corruptly take or make any falfe oath, or fuborn or procure any perfon or

______ perfons corruptly to make fuch falfe oath, for any matter

as by	i. or thing relating to this ad, fuch perfon or perfons corrupt-

ly making fuch falfe oath, or pocurine fuch falfe oath corruptly to be made, being thereof lawfully convid, (hall for every fuch offence incur and fuffer fuch and the like pains and penalties, as are mentioned and prescribed to be inflid-ed on perfons offending in cafes of perjury and fubornation, by one ad made in this kingdom in the eighteenth year of the reign of the late Queen Elizabeth of ever glorious memory, intituled. An at} concerning wilful perjury. f . XXI. And for preventing of the abufes or irregular pro-r at quarter " ccec^ngs> which may be otherwife committed or done by re-gifters or their deputies in the execution of this adt; be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That every regifter, or Jiis deputy or deputies, of any county, or county of a city.

Jtc. is.

Parfous taking or procuring fallc oath, to oe punifhed

ter at quarter feffions.

or

Digitized by LjOOQle

The mntb Tear of William III. or county of a town within this kingdom, (hall and are hereby required to deliver to the clerk of the peace at every quarter-feffions, and to the juftice of the peace, who it chairman at fuch quarter-fcflions, and to each of them,* book fairly drawn; and figned by fuch regifter or his deputy, which thall be a true copy of all entries made fince the former feflions; in which books the faid clerk of the peace and juftice of the peace (hall enter refpe&ively fuch rules, orders, and proceedings as (hall be made at that quarter-fefiions, and in open court (hall caufe the faid re* gifter to read over his book, comparing it with the faid clerk of the peace’s book and the faid juftice’s book, and making them all to agree ; which being done, the faid juftice of the peace, regifter, or his deputy, and the clerk of the peace, (hall all of them in open court, in the prefence of the juftices compoling the faid court, fign their refpeftive. Names to be names in each book, and then the faid juftices of the peace figned to each ia (hall keep one of them, the regifter another, and the clerk ce“rt \ of the peace the third : which faid books, or two of them jJ ^e#the at lead, (hall be from feflion to feffion brought into court regifter the ad, by the refpe&ive perfons afotefaid.	and clerk 3d,

dec.

CHAP. XVI.

qj An Aft for di*videing the Parijh of St. Micbans, within the City and Suburbs of Dubliny into three diftinft Pa-rifhes.

WHEREAS that part of the city and fuburbs of Dublin lying northward of the River Liify, commonly called Oxmantowne, confifts only of one pari(h, called the parifh of St. Michans, and by the late increafe of buildings and inhabitants there is become a cure too great to bedif-charged by one (ingle minifter, and the parochiall church there is not large enough for the convenient accommodation of the parifhioners there to hear divine fervice, and perform religious duties in, as alfb for that fome part of the fame pariih lyeth at too great a diftance from the parochiall church : for remedye therefore of the faid inconveniencies, and to the end that the cure of the fouls of the inhabitants of the faid circuit of ground may be better attended, then the fame can be by one (ingle perfon, and the faid inhabitants beincouraged by the accommodation they will have for the worfhip of God in publique, frequently and con-ftantly to refort to their feveral pari(h church for the due performing their religious duties there : be it enabled by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in thi* prefent Parliament aifembled, and by the authority of the fame, that the faid pariih of St. Michaos lhail from the

twentieth.

Digitized by LjOOQLe

II*

A. X>.

1697. Chip. 16.

fli mnib Yntr rf Wfllialai III, twemiothday of November next, which will be in this pre** /ent year of oar Lord one thotfand fix hundred ninety fever:, be divided iits three firveral parifees, and die (aid pre* cin& or compare of ground, of which the fame doth-now conn ft, (hall from the laid twentieth day of November next ibr ever herca&t r be three feverai panfees, to be divided, /operated, and chftirguiihed as is hereinafter mentioned, and be callad by she names of the new pa rife of St. Michans, the parife of St. Mary, and the parife Of St. Paul, according to fiich their diviiion and description after mentioned, each of which feall be feperate end independent from the ether, and (hall each of them by them/eWes have aU paro-chiall rights and privileges as ioperate ar»ddiftfo& parifees, and that there (hall be for each of them a feverai parochial church, and a rfc&or or m'miftor fevoral at>d -indrependartt from the other, and conftant and :rerpetuall fvcocedirvg rectors or imnifters there for ever, who fnall each of them re-fpeflfivejy have cure of fools an the faid rfcfpedtive parifees, and have, enjoy, and receive from the ni.cabisams of their /aid refpe&tve parilhes, all fuchtyfihes^obfetions, obvenrioiuS, minifters money, mortuaries, Eatfter books, and other duties, rates, afieffments, or taxations as arife. grow, or renew within the (aid refpe&ive parffeef*, ardare doe and of right ought to be paid to the redors or minifters of fuch parifees, and that there tiall be for each of the find parifees churchwardens, a parife clerke, and other ufuai parife officers in fucceffion for ever who feall perform the fcvcral and refpec-tive parife duties belonging to their refpe&ive offices, and have and receive the feverai and rcfpe&ive profits, benefits, privileges, and ad vantages, ufuatty enjoyed with and ofrigkt belonging to luch refpe&ive offices and parifees.

II.	And be it farther enacted by the authority aforefwd, That that part of theoldparife of St. Michans herem alter particularly deferibed, and containing the particular Greets, lanes, places, and houfes herein after ment’cned, fhtrll from the twentieth day of November next, be the parife of St. Paul, and fo for ever hereafter be called, deemed, -and taken: (that is to fay) all thofc the houfes ar.d lands-on the well fide of Smithfield, audalfoao alley there, called Peter's alley, on both fides, and eretfe Cbannell row the breadth of the faid Peter's alley to the counters dowager of Droghe-dagfi’s houfe, excluding the faid houfe, and from the faid countcfle of Droghedagh’s houfe westward, and northward as far as the anrient bounds of the parife of St. Michans do extend, and from the laid well fide of SmitHficM fouth-wards by the gjafie-houfe, including the faid glafie*houfe, as alfo the back fhbles and Arrans key to Mr. Thornton's houfe exclufively as far as the river LifFey, and thence alfo wefiward as far as the bousMls of the old parife reach.

HI. And

Digitized by

The nbtth Year cf William TIT.	3JJ*

III.	And be it further ena&ed, That *11 that p4*p$l pf A. D. ground within thq parifh of St. Paule hereinafter deifcribed 1697. (that is to fay) all that part of the ground pr green, called Chap* 16. Oxijiantowne-green, lying at the touth end thereof a# the. fa pie is now Baked and fet.out, containing, from eaft to weft one hundred and twenty foote, and from (path to north two hand red and fifty foote, (hall be fet a Dart and applied to, and for ever, after the faid twentieth day of November next,, he*d and enjoyed for the ufes following : (viz.) fuch parte thereof, as by the chiefe governor or governors and conned of this kingdom for the time being, (hall be appointed for that purpoie to be for the building of a parifli church, vcftry-houfe, and other room* and conveniences oecej&ry for a church for the ufe of. the minifter and parifinoners of the faid parifh to ferve God there, and therefcdue thereof to be for a church yard, cemetery, or burial place for the ufe of the faid parithioners of the faid parifh 9 which faid church, as foon as the fame fhall be built, (hall be dedicated to the fervice of God, and be a feperate parifh church did in «ft fVom the old parifh church of old St. Michans aforefaid* and be called the parifh church of the parifh of St.. Paul; and that Ezekiel Rurridge, derke, mailer, of arts, (hall be the pte-fent and immediate re&or or minifler of the (aid church after the laid twentieth day of November next, fubje$ ne* vertheleft to the vifitation and power of the ordinary of the, dioceffe, in fuch manner as the re&or of the old parifh was, and no otherwise, and to fuch other cannons, rules* and laws ecclefiaflicalas mini fie rs or re&ors of churches are nfually and of right ought to be fubjedt or lyable unto, and that Edward Corcker and Henry Weflenra, efquires, fhall be the preferit and immediate church-wardens for the faid church* to continue in their faid office until the feaft of Eafter, which fhall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred, and ninety nine, at which time, and fo for ever hereafter, at every Gafler in each year, two others (hall be chqfen iq Che veftry of the faid parifh, according to the ufuall conrfe for choofeing fuch officers.

fV. And it is hereby further enaflbed, That all that part of the faid parifh of old St. Michans hereinafter particularly deferibed, and containing the particular flrecbs, lanes, places, and houfes hereinafter mentioned, (hall after the feld twentieth day of November next be the parifh of St*

Mary, and fo fpr ever hereafter be called, deemed, and taken : (that is to fay) all that flreet called Capell llreet, from EfTex-bridge, all. Strand-flreet to the corner of white lyoo <ohrt including the faid court,. St. Mary-abby, on borf*

4d$s to Boote-lane exclqfively of the faid lane, St. Mary-ftreet on both (ides to Roote-lane, $xfilu£ively of the (aid Bqote-lane, the houfes of Edmond Reynell and Richard Ifhompfon, efquire*, and thence up Drumcondra lane as

Digitized by LjOOQle

The ninth Tear of William III; far as the old p&rilh of St. Michans reacheth ; and all that part of the faid old parifti as lyes eaftward of the faid bounds of the parifti of St. Mary already defcribed.

V.	And be it fnrther ena&ed, That all that parcell of ground within the faid pariih of St. Mary hereinafter defcribed (that is to fay) that part of ground on Piphoes park fronting northward to the pavement on the fouth fide of St-Mary’s ftreet, over againft Sir Arthur Cole’s houfe, where the lord chancellor now dwelleth, containing from eaft to weft one hundred and thirty foote, and from north to fouth to Abbey-ftreet two hundred foote, and bounded on the eaft and weft with the ground intended for two new ftreets not yet named, (hall be fet apart and applied to, and for ever after the faid twentieth day of November next, be held and enjoyed for the ufes following: (viK.J fuch part thereof as by the chief governor or governors, and council of this kingdom for the time being, lhali be appointed for that pur-pofe, to be for the building a parifti church, veftry houfe, and other rooms and conveniewcies neceffary for a church, for the ufe of the minifter and parilhioners of the faid pariih of St Mary to ferve God there, and the refidue thereof to be for a church-yard, cemetry, or burying place for the ufe of the pariftuoners of the faid parifti; and the faid church, as foon as the fame (hall be built, (hall be dedicated to the fervice of God, and be a feperate pariih church diftin& from the old parifti church of St. Michans aforefaid, and be called the pari(h church of the parifhof St. Mary, and that Peter Browne, clerke, batchelor of divinity, (hall be the prefent and immediate re&or or minifter of the faid church after the faid twentieth day of November next, fobjedt ne-verthelefs to the vifitation and power of the ordinary of the diocefie in fuch manner as the re&or of the (aid old pariih of St. Michans was, and no otherwife, and to fuch can« nons, rules, and laws ecclefiaftical, as minifters and re&ors of churches are ufually and of right ought to be fubjed or lyable unto; and that Robert Rochfort, efq; his Majefty’s attorney general, and Allen Brodericke, efq; his Majelly’s folicitor general, (hall be the prefent and immediate churchwardens for the faid church, to continue in their faid office until the faid feaft of Eafter, in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred ninety nine, at which time, and fo for ever hereafter at every feaft of Eafter in each year, two others (hall be chofen in the veftry of the faid pariih, according to the ufual courfe for chofing fuch officers.

VI. And it is hereby further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That all the reft and refulue of the faid pariih oT old Saint Michans, not herein before taken out or appointed for the faid parilhesof Saint Pauleand Saint Mary, or either of them, (hall be the new pariih of Saint Michans, and fo for ever after the faid twentieth day of November next, be

called.

Digitized by Google

The ninth Year of William III.

335

called, deemed and taken; and that the now pariih church A. D#| in the old pariih of Saint Michans, and the redory thereof, 1697. fhall be, and be called, the prebend of Saint Michans be- Chap. 16. longing to the cathedral of Chrift Church, Dublin, as the re€tory of the old pariih of Saint Michans was, and the fame church, with the church-yard, cemetery, vaults, veftry-houfe, rooms and buildings,’ and burying places belonging to the faid old pariih of Saint Michans, ihall for ever after the faid twentieth day of November next be for the ufe of the minifter and pariihioners of the faid new pariih of Saint Michans, for and in order to the fervice of God there, and for a cemetery, church-yard, or burying place for the parishioners of the faid pariih; and that John Clayton, cleric, ' mailer of arts, ihall be the prefent and immediate re&or or mini tier of the faid pariih, after the faid twentieth day of November next, and be a prebendary of the cathedral of Chrift Church in Dublin, as the reftor of the faid old pariih was, fubjedl neverthelefs to the vifitadon and power of the ordinary of the dioceiTe, in fuch manner as the reftor of the faid old pariih of Saint Michans was, and no otherwife, and to fuch other cannons, rules, and laws ecclefiaftical, as minifters and re&ors of churches are ufually and of right ought to be fubjeft and lyable unto: and that Sir Patrick Dunn, knight, doctor in phyfick, and Charles Ward, efquire, ihall be the prefent and immediate church-wardens for the faid church, to continue in their office until the feaft of Eaf-ter, which ihall be in the year of our Lord one*thoufand iix hundred ninety nine, at which time, and fo for ever hereafter, two other ihall be chofen in the veftry of the faid pariih, according to the ufual courfe for choofing fuch officers.

VIf. And be it further enabled by the authority afore-faid. That the feveral rates and taxations, already made and fettled for the feveral houfes and lands within the faid feveral pariihes before the divifion thereof, while the precin&s thereof were part of the pariih of old Saint Michans, and which were payable or intended to be payable to the minif-ter or rettor of the faid old pariih, ihall be the rates and taxations payable and to be paid in each of the faid new pariihes to the refpe&ive rettors or minifters hereby appointed for fuch new pariih, and other fucceeding reftors or minifters of the fame for ever, for the feveral houfes and lands in each of the faid new pariihes refpedftvely.

VIII. And be it further enabled by the authority afore-faid. That the chief governor or governors and council of this kingdom ihall, with all convenient fpeed after the faid twentieth day of November next, conftitute and appoint a certain number, not exceeding feven, of difcreet perfons inhabiting in tfre faid old pariih of Saint Michans, according to the extent of the faid pariih before the making of this aft.

/

336  A.  1697. Chap. 16-	*fbe ninth Tear of William III. to be commiffioners for erecting the faid new churches, in-clofing the church-yards, ere&ing galleries, pulpits, defks, pews, and other neceflfary ornaments of the faid churches ; / and alfo for repairing the faid old parilh church of St. Mi-chans, who are hereby required, within one month after they (hall be fo nominated and appointed, to give in an ef-timate in writing to the faid chief governors and council for the time being, under the hands of five or more of them, of the charges neceffary for building, finrfhing, and repairing the faid feveral churches, and providing fuch ornaments, after which eftimate fo returned in, the chief governor or governors and council of this kingdom (hall nominate and appoint fuch perfon or per Tons, as to them (hall feem meet, to take and receive the fubferiptions and contributions of fuch perfon and perfons, bodies politick and corporate, as (hall be willing to contiibute any thing towards the building the faid churches, and other conveniencies, and to colled and receive the money fo fubferibed, of which fubferiptions and colle&ions fuch perfon or perfons fo to be appointed (hall within three months after their being fo appointed, make true return to fuch chief governor or governors and council, and pay the fame according to their dire&ion; and for the levying and raifing fo much as (hall remain to be railed of the laid fum required in fuch eftimate, it (hall and may be iawfiil to and for the chief governor or governors ana council of this kingdom, for the time being, to appoint thirty difereet perfons inhabiting within the faid parilh of old Saint Michans, as the fame was before the making this prefent ad, to be aflefiors and applotters to applet and apportion fuch fum fo remaining to be raifed, or fo much thereof as (hall be thought neceffary and approved of by the faid chief governor or governors and council of this Kingdom, on the feverai inhabitants, owners and occupiers of the fe-verai noufes, lands and tenements within the faid old parilh of Saint Michans, as the fame was before the making of this ad rcfpcdivciy, by an equal pound rate, according to the yearly value of fuch houies, lands and tenements, and to fettle what portion (hall be paid thereof by the landlord, and how much thereof by the tenants, and to make a trde return of fuch affeflinent and applotment under their hands, or the hands of feventeen or more of them, to the faid chief governor or governors and council of this kingdom, within two months after they (hall be fo appointed afteftors in manner aforefaid, and fuch afleffors fo to be appointed arc hereby required to make fuch applotment, and to retard the (ame accordingly.  IX. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That the fum and fums fo applotted: on the inhabitants, owners, and occupiers of fuch houfes, lands, tmd tenements, ^cording to fuch pound rate, (hall be paid'by eight quarterly

The ninth Tear of William III.	337

terly payments in two yeare next enfuing fuch applotment, A. D. the firft quarterly payment to commence on the twenty ninth 1697. day of September, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one Chap. 16* thoufand fix hundred ninety eight; which return, being ap-proved of by fuch chief governor or governors and council for the time being, (hall be as good and effeftual a charge on every particular inhabitant, owner, or occupier of any houfe or houfes, lands or tenements there, as if the very fame fum or (urns had been particularly expref-fed and enafted to be charged upon fuch inhabitant, owner, or occupier of fuch houfe or houfes, lands and tenements* and (hall be paid by fuch perfon or perfons, on whom they (hall be fo charged refpeftively.

X* Provided always. That no perfon or perfons (hall aft as commifiioner or affeffor in manner aforefeid, before he or they (hall have taken an oath before the lord mayor or recorder of the city of Dublin for the time being, who are hereby authorized to adminifter the fame truely to af-fefs each inhabitant, owner or occupier of any houfe or -houfes, lands or tenements, within the faid parfihes, and every of them, according to the beft of his or their fkill or knowledge, without eafing any perfon or perfons for favour or afieftion, or charging any perfon through hatred or prejudice; which faid affeffors (hall each of them be taxed and affeffed by themfelves, by the majority of the parifhioners of the laid old parrfh of Saint Mkhans, at an affembly of them to be had for that purpofe, in the nature and according to the courfe of their holding a vef-try, and each of the (aid affeflors (hall withdraw during the time of their refpeftivc afieffinents, and not be prefent at the making of the fame.

XI.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid chiefie. governor and governors and council of this kingdom, for the time being, to re; move any fuch commifiioner or afiefior as they (hall fee caufe, and to appoint one or more other perfon or perfons of the faid panfh in the room of fuch as (hall be fo removed ; and alfo, on the death of any fuch commifiioner or afiefior, to oppoint others of the (aid parilh in their room from time to time.

XII.	And be it enafted by . the authority aforefidd.

That it (hall and may be lawful to tod for the (aid commif-fioners and affeffors, or the major part of them, and they are hereby required, to appoint and return to ^the (aid chieffe governour or governours and council, under their hands, or the hands of feventecn or more of them, the names of nine perfons to be ■ fupervifors for repairing the (aid church of Saint Michans, and bftildiqg and providing

Vol. II.	Y	the

Digitized by v^ooQie

flS	m ninth Tear rf WiUiain III.

A. D. t)fe faid two hcW churches; and other fcorivttocmiei be-

1^97.* longing thereunto* and far difburfing and laying. out tfcfc Chap. 16. fnm find Toma of money to bfe bc^ehd^d in find abhUt did VU^V-^u {one, as klio for tikidg and receiving iM iccodnts rebdn£ thereunto; which they and each of theta toe hereby requital \o exdeste accordingly, the hud dceomta beveAhfc-left to be fubjc& tov the fcfbe&idn and comp tied of the dommiifiondrs and afieflbrt aferefeid* any fbveriteen d£ them*

. XtH. And it is hereby fufd^er enadked, That the filid fiipervifon or any five or moke of theta, {hall hud may from timb to time* and ah often at they fhall think fit, appoint two or more perfons to be collectors for the find parirties, dr filch pact of them; or cither of theta; ah they Hull think fit; to cotied and gather the lever*! fnm ind fosot, fb to b« fet and charged on die fevexil peifdnft Within the ItflkitB of fufch their ftfpeftrre cole&iofrt, who toe hereby ftguned to called and gither in the 'lame accordiri^iy^ ami to |toy what 'they lhati lo eolk& from time to time, to they fhati be thereto required* to fach pCrfbn dr pfcrfofe aft by the faid fu^drvifbrrf, dr any five or more of them; Anil be appointed treafnrer or fcocifer for the fame; to ii hetairi after mentioned, whofc rfeceipt for the lame ihaA be a fufficieHt d&felfeuge to fufch cofiefiors; add fodi cottec-toto Aati from time to t«to, wWn thWtorto lvqifcned by the find fc^fcrvifota, br toiy fito or more 6f them, rfcmfct a juk and true atcdnnt to thdra df fiich thiir feterai col-tefkions and phynWata; ah which account they Stall be allowed for their p&yrfes in Inch c6lk&ah fdch Aim and funs of moheyv hot exceeding twelve pence in the pound, as fuch lupervifors fhaQ agree with theta fbr, or think fit | and that raeTaid Cotieftofo (hall and ai* hereby re^uirtd, in cafe of negtaft or refufid of any peifon br perforis to pay the film jtaar^ed oh him or them; to levy tlih faitae by war-raht* Under die hands and feals of the faifl fbpervifors, or any fiye or more of them, by diftrefe arid fade of the goods, ■of fuch inhh&kririty otatar or occupier fo reftrfihg to phy the firm or fums fo affefled at apphrtted on him or theta, gendering the ftnphis bo the oWner of fufch goods; and that the faid fupervifors, or any five or more of theta JtedL within twelve months afteb the faid rwefttitlli 'day -#F NovediWr hext, told fb ohee evbry year Until die feld chilrdbes Anil be bttilt, name one or more perftm or per-'fobs tb be tieafucer or receiver for the enftung year, of ail fuch moqey as fhafll be coMe&ed or raifed fbr the laid : Work, filch- treafurer to be appfoVed 6f by the faid coni-taUfionm or affiflbrs* or any fevtoteen of them ; and the Aid trcafditr fhatialfo p*y fuch futa or fonts fbr the ufe*

afbrdfiud.

\

Digitized by

Google

9lt ninth Year of William III. rforefaid, as by the (aid fupervikrs, or any fire or more A. J>%

©f them, fhall be dhrefted; .and that the Cud treafurer (hail >697. for big paines aad trouble therein receive fuch fallary as by Chap. i£. the laid fupervifors, or any five or more pf then), fhall be	)

-deemed reasonable, net exceeding three f#n#e in the pound $

•and the fhid fupcryifors fhall alfo out of the money to be -collc&ed as aforefatd have aad receive fuch reward, as by the laid commiffionets, or any Seventeen of them, fhall be deemed reafonable, and fhaU alfo from time to titoe mafc*

'fuch rules, orders And direftions for aad tpwards the carrying on of the aforefaid buildings and works as to them, or the major part of them, fhall feem meet and rea-fo liable.

p XIV. Provided always That if any perfen or petfopa iball think him or therafelves aggrieved or injured by the /aid comnd(Turners afieffors or iupervifors, it (ball and may he iawful to and for inch perfpn and jporfons to make hi#

•and their complaint to the ehieffe governor pr governor# and council of this kingdom for the time, who are hereby empowered to give fuch redrefs and reliefs to the perfpn ana perfons fo complaining, 4# to them (hall feem juft and new* fonablr.

XV.	And be it further enacted by the authority afore* laid. That from and after ibt bid two churches fhall be '' buih and finifhed as aforefaid, and the faid old phuroh of St. Michans once repaired, the minifter or rector, and parishioners of each of the fafd parifhos (ball and may hold veftries, and make by-lawet, rules and orders for the regth datioa and ordering of their refpeftive parishes, reparations of the laid parifb churches from time to time, and all other matters incident to parifhes according to courfe, and a# any other parishes of and id the city of Dublin, or dfe* where, may or can do. Which fhall haye the fame aad op greater force and effeti ip kw, as by-lawes, rules, and orders made in fuch othet paHfbes have, or ought to have.

XVI.	Provided always, That nothung in th« ad contained fhall extend to fearr or hinder the reverend doctor John Pooley, dean of Kilkenny, and late incumbent of the •faid old church of St. Michans, Hi chard Tighe, Robert Conftantine, and Andrew Rock, late church-wardens for the (aid church or either of them* their or either of t^tir executors or admmtfters, from recovering all fpoh fum* as have been ordered to or far them, or either of them, by virtue of any decree, aft of veflry, or otherwife by.them heretofore obtained againlt the parifhlohers and inhabitants thereof.

Y 2	XVII.	And

Digitized by

Google

34°	? ht ninth Year of William LIf.

A. 1). XVTI. And it is hereby further enaded. That thq right of 1^97* patronage of the faid redories, and of prefentation to the Chap. 16. faid three churches on the avoidance of each of them re* W" '“*"**"^ fpedively, by the death, feffion, or removal of the refpeo tive incumbents hereby appointed for the fame, (hall belong unto the dean and chapter of Chrift-church in Dublin, and their fucceflors for ever, in fuch maimer as the nomination or prefentation to the redory of the old parifh of St. Michans did belong to them, and no otherwife.

XVIII.	And whereas there are feveral fums of money due and in arrear from feveral of the parifhioners of the faid old parifh of St. Michans to the reverend doctor John Pooly deane of Kilkenny, and late redor or minifter of the faid old parifh, for the taxacion or aflefiinent of the faid parifhioners towards the fupport of the minifler thereof 'for their refpeci ive hotifes or lands wgbta the faid pariih 5 be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, that the faid deaa of Kilkenny, his executors or adminiftrators notwithstanding his removal from the (aid parifh by his promotion to the bifhoprick of Cloyne, or by this prefcnt ad, (hall *and may have and maintaine fuch remedy for recovery of fuch arrears, as before fuch his removal he might have had or maintained, or in cafe he the (aid dean of Kilkenny (hall ^choofe rather to bring his adion of debt for fuch his arrears in any of his Majefty’s courts of Dublin, he (hall or may have and maintain fuch adion for fuch arrears againft the refpedive perfons, from whom the fame are fo due, his or their executors or adminiftrators.

XIX.	And it is hereby further enaded, That the fum

'of twelve pounds eleven (hillings, being payable to his Ma-jefty for the firft fruits of the (aid old parifh of St. Michans, (hall be paid and borne by all the faid parifhes in manner and According to the proportions following : vit. the fum of three pounds, part thereof by the minifter or redor of the faid parifh of St. PauPs for the time being; the fum of four pounds more thereof, by the redor or minifter of the faid parifh of St. Mary for the time being ; and the fum of five pounds eleven (hillings, refidue of the (aid dum of twelve pounds eleven (hillings, by the minifter or redor of the faid new parifh of St. Michans for the time being, an & that the twentieth part, alfo due to his Majtfty for the faid old parifh (hall be paid and borne by the minifters of the faid feveral parifhes refpedively, according to the fame proportions as the faid firlt fruits are herein before appointed to be paid.	...

CHAP.

'	1

Digitized by uooQle

Tie tenth Tear of William III.

The Tenth Year of WILLIAM III.

CHAP. II.

An A& far reforming Abufes in making of Butter Cajks, and preventing of falfe Packing if Butter.	*

FORASMUCH as butter is one of the principal com- Butter *

modi ties of the produ& of this kingdom, and is not principal com-only of an univerfal ufe and expence at home, but very modity. great quantities thereof are tranfported beyond the Teas; and whereas by cuftom, every barrel of butter ought to weigh two hundred fixty four pounds grofs at the leaft, that is to fay, two hundred twentv-four pounds of neat butter, and the calk not to exceed in weight foity pounds; every three quarter barrel ought to weigh one hundred ninety eight pounds grofs, (viz.) one hundred fixty eight height by cuf* pounds of good and merchantable butter neat, and tbq tom. calk not to exceed in weight thirty pounds ; every half barrel of butter ought to weigh one hundred thirty two pounds (viz.) one hundred and twelve pounds of good and merchantable butter neat, and the calk not to exceed in weight twenty pounds; and every firkin of butter ought to weigh fixty fix pounds, (viz.) fifty fix pounds of good and merchantable butter neat, and the calk not to exceed ten pounds: and whereas great complaint hath been made by the merchants and traders in butter, that by the frau-dulent dealing and pra&ices of coopers in making the calk for package of butter of unfeafoned timber, and of fevera) farmers, owners, and packers of butter, who by their irregular manner of weighing with Hones, and other unwar* rantable weights, and packing their butter in calks weighing more than they ought to do, not only being a great dilhonour to this nation in the parts beyond the feas, but alfo the faid commodity is brought in great difirepute abroad, whereby it yields not that price, nor is vended there in fuch quantities as otherwfle it would; for prevention	.

whereof may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be ena&ed, ® ° and be it ena&ed by the King’s molt excellent MajeHy* by	^

and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament afTein-	V	.

bled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the twenty fifth day of March, which will be in the year of our Lord God one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, no cooper, nor other perfon whatfoever, in this kingdom of Ireland lhall hereafter at any time prefume tQ make, or caufe to be made, any butter calk whatfoever for fale, but fuch only as lhall be made of found, dry, and well l’eafoned timber, according to the feveral gages and weights

herein

1

Digitized by LjOOQ ie

Content* of firkin.

half barrel,

three Quarter barrel.

barrel.

Hoop*, &e.

Cooper*, fire, milmarkqik*.

Farmer*, &e.

pack in dry f^fks (o marked.

Vh Untb Yiar #/ William ft L herein after mentioned, and known by the feveral name* following: (that h to (ay) the firkin, half barrel, three quarter barrel, and barrel; and that every firkin do and (hall contain two quarters of an hundred, at five fcorce and twelve pounds to the hundred neat, befidea the tare of the calk, and not lefe, of good and merchantable butter, and that calk not to weigh above ten pounds, and to contain khd gold feven gallons 5 and ey^y half barrel do and (hall contain one hundred weight"' neat, at five fcore and twelve pounds to the hundred, and not lefsf* of good and fiierehahtable butter, befides the weight of the calk, and the cafk not to weigh above twenty pounds, and to mea* fore fourteen gallons; every three quarter barrel do and (hall contain one hundred and two quarters neat, at five fcore and twelve pounds to the hundred, befides the weight 6f the calk, and not lefs, of good and merchantable butter, and the calk not to weigh above thirty pounds, and to ineafore twenty one gallons 5 and every barrel do and (hall fcontain two hundred weight neat, at five fcore and twelve pounds to the hundred, befides the weight of the cafk, and hot lefs, of good and merchantable butter, and the calk toot to weigh above forty pounds, and to meafure twenty right gallons; and that every fuch cafk, hereafter to be made, fhall be made with three hoops on each quarter, to be fct on with twigs, or fufficiently notched, and have two heads to be put into riggles and made tightj lb as to pickle, and that no cap-heads be hereafi ter made for feny fuch calk to be expofed to (ale as a-forefaid.

II. And for the better difeovery of all frauds or abufes which (hall be committed againft this aft, be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That every cooper or bther perfon making calk for putting butter in as afore-(kid, (hall fist upon ever firkin, half barrel, three quarter barrel, and barrel fo made of fcafooed timber as aforefaid, k mark with the firft letter of his and their chriftian name, *nd hi3 and their fir-name at length, with an iron brand, with a mark for the city, town, village or parifh wherein he Hves; and that every farmer and other perfon or per-fons hereafter at any time packing up butter, or exponng the (kmc to f^k, and (hall from and after the faid twenty fifth day of March one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, pack up his butter in fuch fofficient cafk made of found, dry, and well feafbned timber, and marked as aforefaid, and m none other, and (hall fet upon every fuch firkin and pa/k, when the fame is folly and thoroughly feafoned by filling fuch calk with water, and not to be put founding in totter, and when the fame is filled with butter, the firft

letter

Digitized by LjOOQle

TJh truth Yi*r of William III. letter of hig and their cfiriftian name, and hjs and (heir fir-name at length with an irpn brand \ and if the faid cooper, or fanner, or other perfon or perfons whatfoever, making cade or packing up butter, or expofing the fame to foie as afore/aid, fhallat any time from and after the faid twenty and branded, fifth day of March one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight offend, by omitting to do what he or they are requited by this a& to do and perform, he or they fo offending, and being convicted upon oath of the faid offepce before one or more of bis Majefty’s juftices of the peace, or chidf ma-giftrate of any corporation, by one or more witnefsor wit-neffes, (which oath the faid juftice or jpftices, or chief ma-gift rate are hereby im powered and ye required to adnu-nliter) or upon confeliioii of the offender or offenders before fuch joffice or juftices, or chief magiftrate, the faid party or parties fo offending (hall forfeit for every fuch offenee, to the ufe of the poor of the parifh, where fuch offence (hall be committed, the fum of ten (hillings far Penalty ioa. per every hundred weight of butter, and fo proportidnably hundred* for every greater or leffer quantity, that (hall be in every fufh cafk, to be levied by diffrefs and fal? of tli£ offenders^ goods and chatties, the overplus to be reftored, after w* alarges of the fed diffrefs defrayed ; and every conftafele oF the parifh, or chief conftable of the barony, where fticfy offence (hall be committed, are hereby authorized and required to levy the fame accordingly, by warrant under the hand and fed of fuph juftice or juftices, or ohief magif* For want of dif-trate, fo to do; and in cafe fuch offender or offenders trefs, fet in fhall not have gopds and chatties fufUcient for the levy-ing the fed penalty, that then jt (hail and may be la^r ful for the juftice or juftices or chief magiftrate, before whom fuch conviction fhafl be made, by'warrant Under thejr hand and feal to appoint fuch offender or often* ders to be publiekly fefc in the ftocks for the fpaoe of two hours*

IIL And be it further enafted by-tbe authority afore- Quods ftiaH be laid, That aU goods and merchandizes of the growth and bought and fold manufacture or this kingdom, ufuafly fold by the hundred f* f”l^ totbe Weight, fhall from and after the faid twenty fifth day of Mafch ope thoufand ffx hundred ninety pght, he bought and fold at five (core and twelve pounds* to the Hundred weight, and no more, upon pom of forfeiture of the fuin of ten (hillings for buying and felling any goods yid merchandizes contrary to the true intentf and meaning of this aft.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore- Oensral iffnc, fed. That if any aft ion or fuite ffiaH be commenced or CSV. brought againft any juftice or juftice* of the peace, or *	^	chief

Digitized by Google

Yhe tenth Year of William III. chief magiftrate, conftable or other perfon whatfoever, for doing or cauiing to be done, any thing in purfuance of this a& concerning the {aid offences, the defendant or defendants in fuch ad ion (hall and may plead the general iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence 5 and if upon fuch a&ion verdid be given for the defendant or defendants, or if the plaintiff become non fute, or difeontinue his adion, then the defendant or defendants (hall have treble cofts.

V.	Provided always, and it is hereby enaded by the in three month*, authority aforefaid. That no perfon (hall be ptofecuted or troubled for any offence done again (I this ftatute, unlefs the (amc be proved or profecuted within the fpace of three months next after the offence committed.

Profecntion

CHAP. VI.

An A *? to encourage building of Honjes, and making other Improvements on Church Lands, and to prevent Dilapidations.

4||T,ORASMUCH as the manfion-houfes of ievcral arch-V bifhops, bifhops, and pther ecclefiaftical perfons, have been ruined and deitroyed by the frequent wars and rebellions, that have happened in this kingdom, whereby refi-dence is become very difficult, and is like to continue fo, unlefs due encouragement be given them to rebuild and repair the former houfes, and to ered new houfes, where it fhall be convenient, and to keep them in good repair after they are built: be it therefore enaded by the King’s mod excellent Majelly, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent parliament affembled, and by authority of the fame, That every arc{ibi(hop, bifhop, or other ecclefiaftical perfon whatfoever, that heretofore did fince the year one thoufand iix hundred and ninety, or (hall hereafter at any time, make, build, ered, add to, or repair any houfc, out-houfe, garden, orchard, or any other neceffary improvement on his demefne, glebe, or menfal land, or in any other lands in his poffcflion belonging to his fee or church, that (hail be certified in the manner hereafter mentioned in like cafes to be fit and convenient, for the refidence and ha-% Ecclefiaftical bitatioa of him and his fucceffors, which from thenceforth perfon* building (hall be deemed and taken to be part of the deraeafne, Ccltbry improve- or menial land of fuch fee, dignity or benefit, (halj ruen:/cn church have and receive from his next and immediate fucceffor, his land? (ball have executors or adminiftrators refpcdively, two thirds of the from fuc- fum or fums really and truly expended agdjaid out in fucl\

* building^

Digitized by v^ooQle

*The tenth Tear of William III.	34?

buildings, additions, repairs, and improvements, (neceffa-	A. D.

ry annual reparations only excepted) which fuin or fums	1698.

ftiail be finally fettled and ascertained by certificate under the Chap. 6. -hand and Seal of the chief governor or governors for the v— time being, in the cafe of an archbifnop, and of the arch- *wo bifhop of the province in the cafe of a bifhop, and by rCpat« except-like certificate of the bifhop of the refpedlive diocefs in all cd ) other cafes ; and fuch fucceffor as aforelaid, having paid Altered6y the two thirds of the fum or fums certified as aforelaid,12 G* *• IO* ***“ fhall and may receive one moiety thereof; that is, one third Succeffor pay-1 of his firfl difburfement from his next fucceffor; which tvro faid fums (hall be paid in all cafes of removal or tranflation by four equal half yearly payments, to be accounted from next fiicceffor. fuch removal or tranflation ; and in cafe of death, by two How faid fums equal half yearly payments, to be accounted from the day to Repaid, of fuch death, and fhall and. may be recovered by the party who ought to receive the fame, his executors or administrators, either by diflrefs on any of the lands or tenements of fuch archbifhoprick, bifhoprick, living, or benefice be-longing to the fucceffor hereby obliged'to pay the fame, or by fequeftration of one moiety of the rents and profits of fuch fee or benefice, which fequeftration is to be made and granted by the chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, in cafe of an archbifhop, and by the archbifhop of the province in cafe of a bifhop, and by the bifhop of the diocefs in all other cafes, who are hereby refpe&ively required to make and grant the fame, or by a&ion of debt in any of his Majefty’s courts of record in this kingdom, at the ele&ion of the party who fues for the fame.

II* And becaufe it may happen that more convenient v houfes, or more commodious fituations, may be found for the refidence of forae archbifhops, bifhops, and other eccle-fiaftical perfons, than do yet belong to them 5 be it further	cccIefi-

ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may fng^pj^hafe. be lawful to and for any archbifhop, by and with the approbation of the chief governor or governors of this king* dom for the time being, and for any bifhop, by and with the approbation of the archbifhop of his province, and for any other ecclefiaftical perfon, by and with the confent of the bifhop of his diocefs, certified in writing under their refpe&ive hands and feals, to purchafe to them and their fucceffor8 refpe&ively, within their refpedtive diocefs, houfes already built, with conveniencies thereunto belonging, or lands and tenements fit for filch buildings and conveniencies, for the habitation and refidence of them and their fucceffors for ever, thenceforth to be part of tfieir demeafne, glebe, or menfal land refpe&ively, unalienable,

and

Digitized by LjOOQle

the tenth rear ef William III.

JL, D-	not	to	be	let	or	difpofcd	of	to any other uf« whatfo-

1698.	€9€r 9 and that the purchase money for the hiae, and the

Chap* fi-	charges and expence of buildings, additions, and repairs as

I——>**■■■ i mJ aforefaid, being ascertained and certified as afbrefiud, (hall be repaid, as to two thirds thereof, by the next immedi-r ate fucceftor, who (hall have and receive from his next fuc-ccffor one moiety or half qf what he pays in like manner, and with like remedy as aforefaid.

%ifhop at Li* III. And that it (hall and may be lawful, to, and for SPfrick msy Thomas lord bifhop of Limerick, to convey his dwelling *****!'	houfe in Limerick with the appurtenances, to the uie of

him and his fucceffors, bifhops of Limerick } and that in fiieh cafe he (hall be paid for his dtfburfements, in purchasing, building, improving and repairing the fame, being firft codified and afcertaijiea as aforefaid, a« to two thirds thereof, by his next immediate fucceflbr, who (had like-wife have one moiety, or half of his payment from his next fuccefTor in like manner, and with like remedy as afbrdaid.

Biftop of El* pbin may remove timber.

Bid opriek of Diomore.

IV.	Provided newthelcfs, and be it farther enacted by the authority aforefaid, Tfiat it (hall and may be lawful to and for the lord bifhop of Elphin, for the time being, to remove the timber and other materials from £lphtn, to any other parts of the lands belonging to that (be within his dioceifs and in his pofieffion, Where he or they with the approbation of the archbifhop of the province, certified in writing under his hand and &al (ball thrnk fit, to build a manfe houie for the bifhop of that fee, purfuant to this a&.

V.	And that part of the lands of Magherilin, KiHogkn, Ballymagin, and Carrick Mac Gingan,’lying and being in the county of Down, and diocefs of Drompre, containing about fifty five Iriih acres belonging to the faid See, ana now in pofMion of Tobias lord bifhop thereof, and by him pnrehafed from the former lefiecs, and the houfe built thereon by him, with the out-houfes and appurtenances, be ever hereafter added to the demcafnes of the faid bifhop, rick of Dromore, and be for ever deemed, reputed, and taken to be the manfe houfe, and part of the menfe} lands of that fee ; and that the faid Tobias lord bifhop of Dro-more, his executors and adminiftrators, (had be repaid two third parts of the charge of purchafing the faid leafes, and making and ere&ing the buildings, plantations, and improvements thereon, the fame being firft ascertained by certificate of the archbifhop of the province under bis hand and feal as aforefaid, by his next and immediate fuccefior, who (hall iikewife receive one moiety thereof

3

Digitized by v^ooQle

rhi ten* Yvx ./WiUiwn HI.

from his neat foceeffor, fo like jvuiwv «id with Ifcramr dy» *» nforefaid.

VI.	And lor preventing dilapidation* for the fawr; Wit tnafted by the authority aforefaid ,Tb*t if My Mcbfafap, b*0i©p> or other ecclefiaftical perfhn whitfoevor, Ml fitfp Saftering mater or permit fa or their maafaa-hgufa or any or either of them, er say of the bfoldfogs, out-hamfos, garde**, ^7^ orchards, or other improvement* that #w are or hereafter (haU be bfok, made, or eroded go their refpedive de? paeafaet, glebes, or menial land* to decay, go to ruin, or be out of repair, that then his port and immediate fucr' ccffor or fucceffors Ml and m*y commence fa or their fute in the ecclefiaftical court, agafoft fucb archbifoop, fa (hop, or other ecclefiaftical perfpu, his or their executors or adminiftrators, and h*ve the fuU benefit of th? ecclffi? aftical laws aow in force in this kingdom in that behalf t or at his or their ele&fon may recover by aftiou of debt again#: inch aicbbilhop, biftop, or other (gclefiaftietl par-fon, his or their executors or adminiftrators, in any of hit Majefty’s court® of record at Dublin, fuch fan or fuse* as IbaU be fufficieut to put fuch beufcs and iropnovampats m fuch good repair a« they were in at any time during the incumbency of bk or their predeceflbr, fo fnffenng or per* snittieg the fame to go to ruin apd decay; which fum or films of money, fo recovered, leyied, and paid to fucb fuc-ccffor or fucceflors, (hall forthwith be laid out and expend? od in the amendment and reparation of the refipcdUve boufes and improvements, for the which the fane 4all bf recovered as aforefaid, and in default thereof by the fp*©f Sum rceerrtfj of fix months after recovery and payment as tforefoid, the tobce*pen<kJ archbifhoprick, bifhoprick, or other ecclefiaftical Uving, ct m m2nth** benefice of fuch ecclefiaftical perfon, ibaU be fequeftqrpd in fuch maimer and by fuch perfbns as is before herein ex-prefied, until fuch ecclefiaftical perfon Ml expend and lay out tall fucb fums, fo recovered and paid as aforefaid, in the reparation and amendment qf their refpe&fre boufof and improvements as afonefaid : and if the arch Whop, hi- jf thc perfbn fo foop, or other ecclefiaftical perfbn, fo recovering aa afare- recovering foid. Ml happen to dye before the fan recouped and J**01* th^um paid to him be laid out fo reparation and amendment as Uld out* ** aforefoid, that then his next and immediate fuecefifor or fucceffors IbaU and may recover from tfa executors and adminiftrators of the perfon fo dyfog double the fum, fo recovered and paid as aforefoid, by action of debt in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Dublin ; mjkfe fuch executors or adminifbatom Mb and do voluntarily and without fute pay the fane to foob faeflfifar or faxsffors, yrho is to expend and by out the fame fo npumcr afojpefohh

and

Digitized by

(google

Conveyance* of*, perfboal clVate to ddraud fuc-ccffor of faid remedy, void.

Leafc*, alien-Stions, fcV. of gibbet for more tkan one year,

*oi<L

Certificate* entered in regif-try of diocefe.

Exemplification thereof evi-evidcacc.

Church of Kiltohotkc in Leitrim.

The ttntb Year of William III. and under the like penalties and forfeitures as aforefaid: and if any archbifhop, bifhop, or other ecclcfiaftical perfon, that already Hath or hereafter /hall fuffer dilapidations or decay in his manfe houfe or improvements contrary to this aft, (hall hereafter make any deed, devife, conveyance, grant, leafe, bequeft, colourable fale, or gift (without full confidcration) of his perfonal dtate, or any part thereof, with interit to defraud his fucce/Tor of the remedy intended him by this aft; that all fuch deeds, devifes, conveys ances, grants, leafes, bequefts, fales, and gifts, (hall be null and void, and of none eflfeft, againft fuch fucceffor or fucceffors; any former aft," law, matter or thing, to the contrary notwithftanding.	-

VII.	Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby further en* afted by the authority aforefaid. That from and aftbr the firft day of January one thoufand fix hundred ninety and 1 eight, it lhall not be lawful for any reftor, vicar, curate, or incumbent, or other eeclefiaftic^l perfon wThatfoever, having a glebe fit and convenient to be built and improved upon for the habitation and refidence of him and his fuo ceflors, or whereon a manfe houfe is already built, or (hall hereafter be built, or which lhall lye fo near or contiguous to fuch houfe fo built or to be built, as to be conveniently made ufe of for the fame, to alien, fet, let, or demife fuck glebe, or any part thereof, to any perfon or perfons what-loevcf, for any longer term or time than one year from the making thereof, in poffeflion, and not in reverfion ; but that all alienations and leafes, or contrafts, or agreements for leafes of fuch glebes, or any part thereof, for more than one year as aforeiaid, /hall be null and void to all intents and purpofes whatfoever.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That all and fmgular the certificate and certificates, by this aft required to be made in the fevcral cafes before mentioned, /hall be entered at large io the publick regiftry of fuch diocefs, to which the fame relate, before any benefit or advantage to be made thereof; and that the exemplification of fuch certificate or certificates, fo regiftered and entered as aforefaid, under the hand and feal of the archbi/hop or bi/hop cf the faid diocefe, /hall be as good and effeftual in the law to all the intents and purpofes of this aft, to be produced at any tryal at law or otherwife, as the original wrould have been, in cafe the /aid original (hall at any time happen to be loft or mi/laid, or fo detained, that the party concerned cannot have the fame to produce and make ufe of as aforefaid.

IX.	And whereas the ancient pari/h church of the parifti of Kiltohorke, in the barony of Leitrim, in the county of

Leitrim%

Digitized by v^ooQle

The tenth Tear of William III,

Leitrim, is fituated in the moil uninhabited part of the faid parifh, remote from any of the proteftant'inhabitants of the faid parifh: and whereas Carrick-Drumrufke in the Laid parilh and barony is an Englifh corporation, and wholly inhabited by Proteftants, and is therefore convenient for the fituation of the faid parifh church: be it therefore further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, -That the faid •parifh church fhall and may be built at the charges of the faid parifh, in the town of Carrick-Drumrufke aforefaid, in Lome convenient place in the faid town to be fet apart for that purpofe by Sir George St. George of Hedford, baronet ; and that the faid church fo to be built, and no other, fhall, from the time of its being fo built, be and be deemed to be the parifh church of the faid parifh of Kilto-horke to all intents and purpofes; and the land, to be fet apart for the faid church and church-yard thereof, fhall belong and appertain for ever to the faid church, freed and difeharged of and from all claims, demands, and eftates of the faid Sir George St. George, and of any perfon or per-fons whatfoever claiming or deriving from, by, or under .him the faid Sir George St. George, or under Sir Oliver St. George late of Hedford, baronet, deceafed.

CHAP. VII.

An AS for confirming Efiates and Pojj'ejfiorts held and enjoyed

under the Acts of Settlement and Explanation.

v /

HEREAS by an a& of Parliament made in this 10 WUl 3. kingdom in the feventeenth year of the reigi the late King Charles the fecond, intituled. An AS for explaining of fome doubts arifing upon an aS, intituled,

AS for the better execution 0/ bis Majtfiy*s gracious declar7 2 ^ ^

at ion for the fettlemcnt of bis kingdom of Ireland, and fatis-

faSicn of the federal interefis of adventurers, fouldiers, and	j

other bis fubjcSs there. And for making fome alterations °fzn(± ^ ^

and additions unto the faid uS, for the more fpeedy and 2 fCCt ,^3.

ejfeftnal fettlemcnt of the faid kingdom ; it is among other

tilings ena&ed in thefe words following: 44 and be it fur-

M ther ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That the fifty

44 four perfons herein after named: (that is to fay) the

44 earl of Weflmeath, the lord vifeount Ikerin, the lord

44 baron of Dunboyne, the lord baron of Trembleflown,

4t the lord baron of Upper-OfTory, the lord Bermingham 4i baron of Athenree, colonel Richard Butler, Sir Richard 44 Barnwall baronet, Sir Redjnond Everard baronet, Sir 44 Dermott O ShaghnefTey knight, mafler Edmond Fitz-44 Gerald of Ballymalo, mailer Thomas Butler of Kilcon-/	“	nell.

I of 10. nji/ vf ifo ecclefiajlualp*r-

349 A. D. 1698.

Digitized by LjOOQ le

;#	7bt	(tmtb that if William tfl.

A. D. M b4U» mafter	Macnerttara	df Crdvafh, Mftfr

MtyS. M David £bwtt «f Killbolane, mafter Dooo^ O Cat

Chap. 7-	“	lagtufflfc of Qohcmeue, matter Bernard Talbott of

44 Rarthdcwne, Oonly Gebqhtgiii of Dundee, who ait 44 ffltBlamd mnongft the thirty eight perfons in fcia Ma-w jetty*! kite gracious declaration* and Were rc&oicd after ** teprifali fcfc dot, mftd for whom no proviso* hath yet 44 been made ; and alfo the heirs of Sir Luca* Ditto* 44 knight, the heirs fef Sir Valentine Blake basinet. Sir 44 Robert Talbott knight. Sir Richard Blake knight,

*	dbftor Gerraki Fennel, Gettry Browne, John Browne 44 of the Neale, John Wulfh, Thomas Tirrefl* Edmund 44 Ditto n, Francis Coghlan of KOcolgan ia the King's 44 bounty, Robert Nugent of GriftlanftoWne, Sir John

Bdurke t>f Derrymaclagfoncy, Thomas Arthur efiqinre, 44 do&br ia phyfick ; perald Meming of Ca4Ue~Ffemingt u arid Bartholomew Stickpole, enquires, who Were a& u mentioned in the hud former aft to be reflored to thdr 44 fbtaner effcates as cforrfind, and for whom no prorifioi 44 hath yet been made * and alfo the lord baron of Brittai, m mdfter Ttdte, fon to Andrew Boy Tuitoe of Cuttafcnnore, 4i in the Comity of Wdbneath, efquire * maker ■ ■ m 44 Walfb, heir of David Walfti of Ballybeaghan in the 44 county of Tipperary, tfquire; Sir Edmond Bourke, 44 baronet, fon to Sir Ulicke Bourke of Glin/ke in the 1C bounty of Rofeommon baronet, deceafed ; Sir Thomas 44 Efmcrnd baronet, Sir Lucas Dowdall knight, fon of 44 Lawrence Dowdall of Athlunney in the county of

*	hfeath, fftjtttre ; mafter Wallb, heir of Walter Walh 44 bF CaftWhoy th the comity of KiSterttty, ityiire $ Edr 44 ward WaH of Battynakfil in the county of tinttotioght 44 efjuirt ; tnafter ——-— Butkr, fon of Theobald Batlef, u fob of Janies Buder of Berry Wean in the county of rt Tippetar,, efquire ; Philip Purcell of Ballyfbyle in the M courtly 6f Kilkenny, efquire ; Sir Edmund Fitz-Gerald 44 of Clanlifh in the COUnty of Limerick, baronet; Pierct “ Walfhe of AbbeyoWnty in the county of Limerick, John u PoWtar of Donile ih the county of Waterford, efquire ;

44 Pierce Power of Moncylargy in the county df Water-4* Ford, eTquire ; William Brubazon, the heir df Anthony ** Bmbazon of Ballynaflow in the county of Rofcomifton,

44 efquive ; Daniel O Bryen of Duogh in the ebunty of 44 Clare, dCquire ; lord v if count Ive&gh, Sir‘EtlVard Fitz-44 'Harris of Cloghnotefoy in the dduhty of Limerick, u baronrt; John Cantwell 6f Mokefky in tht county of 44 Tipperary, efquue, and their heirs and aft^rts, /hall by 44 Ae comnulDoners for execution of this aft be reftored 44 unto their Teveral and refpeftive principal feats : (that is

*	to fay) unto their feveral and refpeftive principal mef-

44 fuages,

Digitized by Google

lb* ttkfb 7 tar •/ Wititam III. foages, hotifes, or cattles (Krihfifedan arid fhfc kri<& “ thereuntO belonging excepttd) or in crift they hAVife le-M vfcral nrfefluagesj hoofed, or caftlfcs, to fd£h of their fe-“ veral mefftiages, hbufes, or Caftlef (Kilrifedah Arid th?> “ lands therehnto btlorigiiig excej/ted) as they fhall ftfpec-tively choofe, within two months after the firft fitting oT “ the commiAoners for execution of this aft, and unto tw6 ** thdufand Acres of land thereuntd Adjdinihg, If they or “ toy of them* their or any of their Aricefturi, o¥ Any 4i othhr m truft for them, or any of thfcrii, or to thtfr cfr “ any of their life, were frized dr poffefied of fd itrnch ** fcpdn the two and twentieth of Odobfer Oftfe fhoufeiril fix “ huhdfod forty and one, iuid wtfre t3fr»eantO UWfotiy Arid “ rightfully hrtitfcd; and ih cafe they or Ahy of them, 14 their or Any of thehr ariceftors, or Any ©thd ih trrift fot 44 them or any of them, or to their ofe, Wfcre htrt feized 44 or poflefied upon the two ahd twentieth of October one 44 thdufend fix hundred forty one df tvfo tfrou&nd &crefc as 44 aforefaid* thch tnrto fo milch thereof, as they Were (cried or pofteffed 6f an aforefhid, ahd Which lyes con-44 tenons to thrir it ip entire principal feats : Ahd if hriy 44 of thfc fold* arid fifty perfons herein before haflhed fhAfl 4m he found to be in poflefiion of ahy meflhigfc And fends “ thfcrchntd Adjoining, which to them Or any of tfeefii did ** rightfully belong upon the fadd two and twentieth day “ of October one thoufend fix hundred forty one* and the “ lands fo pofiefied fhaH be found to exceed the tjdfchrity of <( two thoufend acres; h fhall and may be lawful to and 44 for the lord ttetitenant, Or other chief governor or goVe¥-Aon of Ireland, and council there for the time brihg, to 44 caofe fo much thereof, as fhall exceed the tpiahtfty df 44 two thoufend acres* to be retrenched ahd cut of in fo£h way ahd maimer as they fhall think fit j Arid the lAhd fo u retrenched fhall rrtnam and be vetted in his Majefty, 44 to the end that the feme may be further difpofed to the M ufcg of this ad :

A. A

%»■ CMP■

“ And for the better fupport of fttch df the fottr arid 44 fifty perfohs herein before named, Who fthdl hot *havfe 44 two tbcmfehd acres near adjoining and tying cOntigrioiis 44 utito his and their rAfptedive feats, to Which they are to “ be reftored, or having two 'thoufend tferies (hail riot be 44 thought to be thereby fufficifentty provided for : it is “ further dbekred and enaded, that it fhall arid fnay be ** lawful to and for the lord fieutbtiant, Ok- other ehfef g<5-M vernor or governors of Ireland and council there for tffe a timfc bring, upon due cotifideration had of the fovd%l<ari& * tefpe&ive cafes and merits of the perfons afinofaid, lb 44 dhred and appoint the commilfioners for execution of

« this

Digitized by

The tenth	William.	III.

2 ,

^ D*	u	&1>s to fet ouf and allot, or caufe to be fet out and

1698*	c<	allotted, unto any of the perfons aforefaid, or their

Chap. 7•	“	heirs, fo much of their forfeited lands, which fhall re-

44 main undifpofed after the feveral Proteflant interefU 44 herein before provided for (hall be Satisfied, as the faid 44 lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors and 44 council fhall, think fit

And whereas Nicholas late lord vifcoynt NetterviHe of 17 Sc 18 C. Lowth, Edmund late lord vifcount of Mount-Garret, Sit %. See. 97. Luke Bath, and feveral other perfons, their or any of their heir8 or afligns, are and may be reftorable after previous re-prizals by force or colour of fome claufes in the faid afts, Sec. 193. or onc °f them : and whereas by one other* claufe in the laid a cl of explanation, it is likewife enabled in the words following : 44 and bccaufe feveral perfons have been decreed 44 innocent, but neverthelefs have not been rdlored to the 44 lands, which they claimed before the commiffioners for See. 70.	“ execution of the faid former aft, but have been left to

44 the courfe of law for the recovery of their poffeflions, 44 by trying their titles, grounded upon the validity of 44 thofe evidences by which they pretended to claim : be it 44 therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid, -That all 44 and every perfon and perfons who were defemlant dr 44 defendants in the fute or claim, upon which- fuch decree 44 was made as aforefaid, and thofe claiming by, from, ot 44 under them, (hall within three months next after the 44 fitting of the commifiioners for execution of this aft, 44 declare and make his and their eleftion by writing under 44 his and their hands and feals, or under the hands and 44 feals of his and their attorneys or agents thereunto law*-44 fully authorized, whether they will immediately deliver 44 up and relinquifh the poflcfiion of the lands in contro-44 verfy unto the King’s Majefty, and refort to their propor-44 tionable fatisfaftion out of other forfeited lands ; which 44 if they do eleft, they are to be admitted accordingly, 44 and fhall be fatisfied his and their full two third parts, 44 and fo much more as may be equivalent to his and their 44 buildings and improvements, and then fhall part with the 44 faid lands, or whether they will rather abide the tryal at 44 law, which if they do eleft, and the Irifh claimants fhould 44 fail to profecute their title, cr a verdift or judgment 44 fhall be given againfl fuch Iriih cNroant, or the perfon 44 or perfons who fhall derive under fuch Iriih claimants ; 44 then fhall fuch adventurer or fol ier, or other perfon or 44 perfons, his or their heirs, executors, or afiigns, who 44 fhall be concerned in that fute, for ever and finally hold 44 the faid lands in queftion, and every part thereof to him

44 and

Digitized by Google

The tenth Tear of William III.	353

44 and his heirs; but in cafe verdid or judgment be given A. D.

“ for the title of the Irifh claimant, or no fuch eledion 1698.

44 be made as aforefai.1, the adventurer or foldicr, or other Chap. 7.

44 perfon, his or their heirs, executors, or afligna, fhali be M excluded from demanding or having his two third 44 parts, or any other fatisfadion, which otherwife he 44 might have had in refped of fuch lands fo recovered as 44 aforefaid.

44 Neverthelefs it is hereby declared, that no other title * fhali be admitted to be aUedged or given in evidence 44 by fuch Irifh claimants, or any claiming under them,

44 but fuch title as was alledged in the claim, exhibited 44 before the commifiioners for the execution of the (aid 44 former ad :

44 Provided, That if any fecret agreement be made be-44 tween the Irifh claimant and the party concerned as afore-44 faid diredly or indiredly, and the perfons fo agreeing 44 fhali obtain any fatisfa&ion for or in refped of the land 44 fo agreed |br, that then and in fuch cafe the party fo of-44 fending fhali forfeit double the value of the land fo ob-44 tained, a moiety to the King’s Majefty, the other moiety 44 to the informer, to be recovered in like manner as other 44 forfeitures are herein appointed to be recovered:” by both which claufes there being no time Kmitted in them, either for the fetting out the laid reprisals, or for bringing the title of fuch Irifh claimant to a tryal, the eftates of fuch adventurers, foldiers, forty nine officers, and Froteftant purchafers in Conaught and Clare, and all perfonr claiming by, from, or under them, which were principally intended to be fecured by the faid ad, who have any houfes, lands, tenements, or hereditaments formerly the eftateof a nominee, dr of any innocent left to law, have hitherto been and ftfll are fubjed to be difquieted, and drawn in queftion by the perfons aforefaid; winch pretences being a great difeour-agement to improvements, and very prejudicial to the edates and pofleffions of the fereral Proteflants, who have paffed patents of any houfes, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, fubjed thereunto, ought in all reafon and juflice, after fo long a trad of time as is elapfed fince the palling the faid ad, to be foreclosed and barred, and the feveral adventurers and foldiers, and other perfon or perfons, their refpedive heirs and affign8, who have any houfes, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, for which any of the faid nominees, or the laid other perfons referable after previous reprizals, might have procured reprizals to be fet up, or for which any innocent left to law might have brought his adion as aforefaid, be for the future eftablilhed in the quiet and peaceablepofleffion of their feveral houfes, lands, tenements,

Vol. IL	Z	and



The ninth Year of Wiliir.m I IT. and hereditaments, which have been puffed onto them or any of them hy patent and certificate, purfuant to the £mi acf of explanation, freed and for e,\r difeharged of and fvom all actions and lutes, to be at any time hereafter brought by any perfon, who in his decree of imioceacy wa3 left to law fertile recovery c»f fuch houfes, lands, tenements, and hereditaments,,and alfu from all claim, right, or title that any nominee, or ether the pa-ions, fa reitorable as aforefa*d after previous repri/ndr, erm have or pretend to have by virtue of the faid ac\, to any houm?, land*;, tenements, or-hereditaments, on his giving or ofiaiugto give the patentee, his h.irs cr	a..v other houhs, lands, tene-

ments, or hereditaments in reprisal f;;r the lame ; whe»vhy the faiil patentees, their Whs and afiigr.;, and all and ic-veral their houfis, lands, tenements, and heredirament-, granted to them in purlaaiicc of the laid act, ought f r the future to be fiec from ail fuch demands of the faid nominees, or other the petfoim fi» rctlorable as afore fa id after previous reprizah, and tlieir heirs and aifign;-;, and from all futes to.be brought by. innocents left to law, and their heirs, as if no fuch claufe cr claufeB had ever been ir.iejrted for them or either of them in the laid explanatory act; by both .which elauies, the lands, tenements, and hereditaments gran-led by certificate and patent purfuant to the faid act, are difeharged from all rights, titles, and in-terefis, 'which were- col decreed by the cominiffioners for executing the act, intituled, An AJ fir the setter execution of hi >	griuious	n	]•)>	t	*.>•' ft element oj this kingdom cj it«./***;;«, a*A	a. .to,: j ihi jhi-md l*ntrejis f

tidcei.h'rn'j%/;.lu\r;t ^. , uhrr /../* '/vx ti\r, : aud which were not particularly mentioned and referred in the letters patents, or were not the proper act of the party to whom fu«*h letters patents woe grruncj, or thofe under whom he dt rived ; yet to. the great prejudice and disturbance of uis laid pater, lees, tlieir heirs and alligns, lcver^L.pcrfou* not decreed irm-ccr:t, cr, if they have been decreed ^ inr.occr.t_, not having claimed an) incumbrance or de'ot uu.the lahd fo granted in patent, nor having any fu\ing .for llie. fame in the letters patents granted thereof, ncr baling obtained any judgment or decree in the late court or pretended court for adjudication of claims, or in the court of Exchequer, or any the four courts fitting at'Dublin, before the twenty fevond day of Augud one thoufai.d fix hundred and fixty three, have ar.d do let up federal ancient incumbrances, as' well by judgment, flatutc 1 tuples, recognizances, and other-wife, not being the titbu or incumbrances of the party to whom fuch letters patents arc granted, apd commence and caiiy on fcvciul futes both fn law; andvquityyor any other

perfon

Digitized by

• The tenth Year of William III. perfon whatfoever, other than the patentee, his heirs or alii g us, on the faid lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the poffeflion of the faid patentees, their heirs or afligns ; by which unjuft futes and actions, the patentees, their liters and afligns, are pat to very great trouble and charge : for the remedy of all which, and for the eflablifliing and confirming the faid patentees, their heirs and aiiign3 for ever, in the quiet pofleflion of the feveral houfes, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, fo granted them by letters patents putfuant to the faid aft, again ft all pretences of reprisals to be made by them the faid nominees, or any of them, or their refpeftive heirs ; and againit all future futes or actions, to be brought by any perfon or perfons, or their heirs, who was or were innocent and left to law as aforefaid ; and againit all futes or aftior.s in law or equity, grounded on any fuch ancient dormier.t incumbrance, to which the party claiming the fame, or thofe under whom	,

he claimed, were not decreed, or for which there is no faving in the letters patents of the party, whofe lands are pretended to be liable to the fame, and againli all other titles and pretences whatfoever, whereby the right and pofieffion of tiie faid patentees, their heirs or afligns, to the faid lands, tenements, and hereditaments, fo granted in letters patents purfuant to the faid aft of explanation, may any way be called in queftion ; be it enafted by the King’s .moll ex- EnaSing part, cedent Majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by authority of the fame, Xhat from and after the twenty ninth day of Oftobei^ w: ther year After 29 0£. one thoufand lix hundred ninety eight, no pei£an or.perfons	perfon

whatfoever having, holding, or enjoying any houfes,^glands, ^°Vslu-rein** tenements, or hereditaments, by virtue of any^ ^ertmq^tes Habit to be ro and letters patents purfuant. to the faid aftsgpf JetUeuient moved, and explanation, or either of them, Audi beolipble to be removed from thence, or be obliged to relinquiflv hi^or their interftl, eftate, or poflefiion therein, on any reprisals given, or offered to be given by any perfon or perfons intituled or pretended to be intituled to the fame, as a nominee, letteree, enfig-n-man, provifoe-man, or by any other way or means whatfoever, by vertue of the faid afts of fettlement and explanation, or either of them; but that every fuch patentee, his heirs and afligns, (hall and may for ever have, hold, and enjoy the faid lands, tenements, and hereditaments, accord- Said lands, in;r to the eftate granted to him or them, freed and dif-charged from the feveral claufes and provifoes in the faid p^tcJtce. afts, or either of them, whereby he was made liable tor accept of reprizals for the fame, and fliall have, hold, and enjoy the faid lands, tenements, and hereditaments for the Z 2	future,

Digitized by ^.ooQle

Perfons decreed innocent, and left to law, not having actually recovered, debarred.

Ancient incumbrances barred, and patentee* dii-ch urged.

rbt tenth Ytar of William III, future, confirmed unto him, his heirs and affigns, according to the eftate limitted in the (aid letters patents, againil all and every perfbn and perfons claiming the fame as a nominee, letteree, enfign-man, provifoe-man, or by any other wayi or means as aforefaid, to all intents and purpofes, as any other patentee by vertue of the faid ad does or ought to enjoy the lands, tenements, or hereditaments granted unto him : and alfo that no perfon or perfons decreed innocent, and by his decree left to law, who hath not hitherto brought any action for and actually recovered the hoafes, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, for which he was fo left to law, fhall at any time after the palling this ad be admitted to bring any a&ion or fute whatfoever for the recovery thereof, but fhall be debarred from fo doing, and his pretended right be for ever determined, annulled, and cxtinguifhedl

II.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, for the effe&ual Quieting and eftablifhing the eftates and pofleffions of all and every perfon and perfons, claiming the fame by or under any letters patents pafled purfuant to or by virtue of the faid a£b, or either of them ; and for preventing their being fued or impleaded on pretence of any fuch ancient incumbrances, be they judgments, recognizances, dilutes merchant, or of the flaplc, acknowledged or entred into on or before the twenty third day of October, in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred and forty one $ which faid incumbrances are not decreed to the party claiming the fame* nor to thofe perfons he claims under by the laid commifliooers for executing the a& of fettlemcnt, nor laved in the letters patents granted of the lands, tenements, and hereditaments pretended to be liable thereunto, that are not now depending, or if depending have not been profecuted fince the third day of O&ober one thoufand fix hundred and ninety one, that from and after the twenty ninth day of Odober one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, no a&ion fhall lye, nor fute be admitted or profecuted, or any fuch antient incumbrance for the charging any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, fo granted in patent as aforefaid, in any court either in law or equity, but that the lands fo granted in patent fhall be difeharged thereof, and that no procefsfeire jaeia or execution whatfoever fhall ever tffue at any time hereafter on any fuch antient incumbrance or incumbrances, but that the fame as to the patentee, his heirs and affigns, and the lands, tenements and hereditaments, fo granted in patent to him, fhall be taken and judged to be null and void to all intents and purpofes whatfoever.

III.	Pm-

Digitized by t^ooQle

The tenth Tear of William III.

357

III. Provided always, That nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued tp extend in any wife to prejudice any debt, right, title, intereft, or eftate, of, in, out of, or unto any lands, tenements, and hereditaments contained or mentioned in any judgment or decree obtained by . String for any proteftant or proteftants in the late court or pretended	oi

court for adjudication of claims, or in the court of exchequer, or any the four courts fitting at Dublin, before the two and twentieth day of Auguft one thoufand fix hundred fixty three, nor to any chiefry or other incumbrance, whereof or whereon any intereft, film of money, or other confider-ation hath been received fince the palling the letters patents of fuch forfeited lands, tenements, and hereditaments claimed

to be liable thereunto.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforelaid. Letters pat. That all and every letters patents at any time palled to any t0 deficient ad-deficient adventurer or foldicr reprizable by the fsud a&s, foSi^VepriiCa-or either of them, his or their heirs or alligns, or to any ble confirmed, perfon or perfons in trull for fuch deficient fol lier or adventurer refpc&ively, his heirs or alligns, of any lands, tenements, and hereditaments, which have been or were at any time before the palling fuch letters patents feized, fe-queftered, let out, or fet apart on account of the faid rebellion, which began and broke forth in this kingdom on the twenty third of 06lober one thoufand fix hundred and forty one, or otheiwife veiled in the late King Charles the firft and Charles the fecond, or either of them, byvertueof the faid a&s or either of them, for, as, or toward a reprizal to fuch deficient foldier or adventurer, fuch letters patents and all and lingular the lands, tenements, and hereditaments fo paffed in patent as a reprizal as aforefiud, on the twenty ninth day of O&ober one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, in the a&ual poffeflion of fuch patentee or patentees rc-fpe&ively, his or their heirs, or in trull to and to the ufe of them or any of them, or the heirs or alligns of any of them, or in the poffeflion of any deriving by, from, or under him, them, or any of them, (hall be and by vertue of this a& are ena&ed to be and are confirmed as to fuch lands fo paffed in reprize to fuch perfon and perfons refpe&ively, his and their refpe&ive heirs, executors, and adminiflralors, leffee and leffees, according to the tenor of the faid feveral letters patents, and the refpe&ive eftates, titles, terms, and interefts of any perfon or perfons claiming or deriving any thing of, into, or out of the faid lands, tenements and hereditaments in fuch feveral letters patents contained by vertue of fuch letters patents, in as full, ample, and beneficial manner to all intents and purpofes whatsoever, as if fuch letters patents had been paffed on certificates purfuant to and

W

Digitized by Google

35*

A. D. 16 .8.

All relief* to the Km- remitted;

and all lands dilclrirged thereof

Not to p JTI dice John Ver non'- ri^ht to Clanuffc,' &c

Saving the King'.* riehf *o lands pa fled late loid Antrim ;

and to Irilli- * town in Weft-meath.

fhc fevth Year of William IH.

In* 'Trtuc cf the faid acta, or either of them, and freed and difeharged from ail fuch incumbrances, and in fuch manner as the lands, eflates, and interefls of adventurers and fol-diers who have puffed patent on certificates are by this ad.

V.	And for the future quieting and fettling the eflates and poffcflioi'S of the adventurers, foldiers, forty nine officer*, and ail other protdlants, whofe eflates are confirmed to them by the hard former ads of fettlcment and explanation, or by this prelent ad; am! whereas his Majefty is gracioufly plerrfi-u to rtmit*And difehafgc h’sloyal fubjeds of and from till relief as well arrears how due and incurred, as alio all ■Rowing and future payments thereof ; be it enaded by the authority aforcfiid. That all reliefs already due to his Majefly or any of his predeceffors, or which hereafter may be claimed as due to his Majefly, his heirs or A ccefTors, fhail be and : re for ever remitted, forgiven, and difcharged ; and that all the feveral lands, tenements, and hereditaments in this kingdom, out of >vhich any relief or reliefs, or fum or films of money as reliefs have been, are, or hereafter may be claimed or demanded, as due to his Majefly, his heirs or fuccefTbrs, fhail be, and by this ad are, for ever difeharged of the fame : and that no perfon or performs whatsoever fhail or may be fued, proceffed, or otherwife impleaded in any court or courts \vhatfoever for any fuch relief or reliefs, or any Ann or Aims of money due as reliefs to his Majefly, his heirs or fucceffovs, or for any arrears of the fame.

VI.	Provided always,'That this ad, or any thing thereto contained, fhail not extend to prejudice the right, title, interefl, claim, and demand in law or equity of John Vernon merchant, fon, heir, and adminiftrator of John Vernon enquire, deceased, to the manner, caflle, towns, and lands of Clr.ntaffe, and Koly-Brookes, with the illands and appurtenances thereto belonging, lying and being in the county of Dublin, and couftty of the city of Dublin ; any thing in this prefent ad contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

VII.	Saving and referving to, his Majefty, his heirs an fuccefTors, all fuch eftate, right, title, and interefl to a?! or any the houfes, lan<Js, tenements, and hereditaments what-foever, which have been paffed in certificate and patent, by Randle late lord mrquefs of Antrim, his heirs or affigns, or any perfon deriving by, from, or under him or them, or any of them in the fame manner, as if this ad had never been made. Saving alfo unto his Majefly hi3 heirs, and fuccefTors, all fuch eftate, right, title, and interefl, either in law or equity, which his Majefty had before paffing this ad to the lands of Irifh-town, in the barony of Rathconra, and county of Welhneath.

VIII. Pro-

The tenth Tear of William III.

VIII.	Provided always, That this aft or any thing therein contained (hall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to confirm to Richard Coote, efquire, or to the heirs or affigns of his father Charles late earl of Montrath, his or Not to confirm their dlate or poffeffion of any mannors, lands, tenements, j^hard^Coote or hereditaments, which were the eftate of Jenico late lord \jCm ^ the land* vifcount Gormanftown, or of Nicholas late lord vifcount of lord Gor-Gormanftown, his father; or to debar, hinder, deprive or manfiowm prejudice any perfon or perfons deriving by, from or under the faid late lords vifcounts, or any gf them, from having and recovering all or any of the mannois, lands, tenements or hereditaments, that were held,pofTefTed, or enjoyed by the laid late lord vifcount Gormanftown in his life time, or to have or recover any rent-charge or incumbrance ifluing thereout or charged thereupon, in fuch manner and form as they might have done if this aft had never been made; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary notwith-Handing.

CHAP. VIII.

An Ad for the Prefervation of the Game, and the more cajy Convidton of fuch as Jhall defray the fame,

WHE&EAS divers good and neceffary laws have Amended by been heretofore made for the better prcfervation a7 3-	I5«

of the game, and of the fifh in the rivers of this kingdom; notwithstanding which laws, or for want of the due execution thereof, the game of this kingdom, and fifh in fuch rivers, have been very much deftroyed by many idle perfons, who afterwards betake themfelves to robberies, burglaries, or other like offences, and negleft their lawful rtnploymenta : for remedy whereof, and for the more effectual prefervation of the faid game and fifh; be it enafted by the King’s moll excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament affeiqbled, and by the authority of the fame, That all and every law and ftatute now in force for the better prefervation of the game, and of the fifh in, the feveral rivers, loughs, and ponds of this kingdom, and every article and thing in them contained, and not herein and hereby altered or repealed,

(hall be duly put in execution, according to the tenor of the faid laws, and under the penalties therein contained, to be raifed, levied and difpofed of as in and by the faid laws is direfted.

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore-(aid, That from and after the twentieth day of Oftober. ont

thoufand

Jbo

A. D.

1693. Chap. 8.

4

Tee tenth Tear nf William III. thcfcfand fix h indred ninety eight, no perfon or perfons whatfoever, net having an ell ate of free-hold in his own or his wife’s right of the yearly value of forty pounds at lealt or a perfonal eftate of the value of one thoufaud pounds at leal I, over and above all debts by him owing, f either for himfelf or 113 Lrvant to any other, unlcfs he be fuch Lrvant ns hath no other way of livelihood for his wages from fuch perfon, have or keep any hound, beagle, greyhound, or land-fpaniel within this kingdom, other than and except whelps und^r the age of twelve months, which fnall be kept at nurfe for perforis qualified within this acl for the having the fame, on pain that fuch hound, beagle, grey-hound, or fpauicl fo kept contrary hereunto, Oiali cr may be Li zed an * taken away by any juilice of the peace of the refpe&ive counties, where the fame fliall be fo kept, or by any perfon or perfoiis authorized thereunto by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch juflice of the peace, or by any perfon having a freehold of the yearly value of forty pounds or upwards within fuch county, which juilice of the peace and freeholder refpe&ively feiz-ing fuch hound, beagle, grey-hound, or fpaniel, may detain the fame to his and their own ufes, or otlierwife dif-pofe of the fame as they (hall think fit ; and all and every perfon or perfons fo keeping fuch hound, beagle, greyhound, or fpaniel contrary hereunto, and being thereof convict before fome juflice of the peace of the county, where fuch offence fliall be committed, on the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, which oath fuch juflice of the peace is hereby authorized to adminiiler, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit and lofe the fum of five pounds, to be levied by warrant of fuch juflice of the peace before whom fuch offender (hail be convidl, by diflreisand (ale of the goods of fuch offender, returning the overplus (if any be) to the party diftrained on; the one moiety thereof to the informer who {hall profecutc for the fame; the other moiety to be iffued for the ufe of the poor of the parilh, where fuch offence (hall be committed.

III.	And it is hereby further ena&ed, That no freeholder or other perfon qualified within the meaning of this a& to have or keep any fuch hound, beagle, grey-hound, or fpaniel (hall fhelter, conceal, or cover any fuch hound, beagle, grey-hound, or fpaniel for any perfon or perfons not qualified to have or keep the fame as aforefaid; on pain that fuch free-bolder, or other perfon offending contrary hereunto, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit and lofe the fum of forty pounds; to be recovered by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefly’s t	courts

Digitized by LjOOQle

The tenth Tear William III.	'	•	3^*

couits of record in Dublin, in which no efToyn, protec-	A. D.

tion, or wager of law fhall he allowed, or more than one	1698.

imparlance; the one moycty of fuch forfeiture to be Chap. 8. to the King’s Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, the other moyety thereof to him or them that will fue for the fame.

IV.	And whereas divers papifts, not qualified by the laws and ftatutes of this realm to have and keep guns or other fire-arms, do notwithftanding ufe and keep the fame, under pretence of being fervants to fome proteilant or pro-teftants in the nature of his or their fowler, or the like: for remedy thereof for the future be it enadted. That from and after the twentieth day of O&ober one thoufand fix hundred ninety-eight, no papift or papifts, or reputed pa-pift or papifts, fhall be employed as fowler for any pro-teftant or proteftants, or under colour of pretence thereof fhall have, keep, carry, or ufe any fuch gun or fire-arms; qnd if any fuch gun or other fire arms (hall from and after the twentieth day of Oftober one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight be found in the poffefiion or keeping of any fuch papift or papifts, or reputed papift or papifts, not qualified to have or keep the fame by the laws now in force in this realm, the fame fhall or may be feized and taken by warrant of any juftice of the peace of the county where the fame fhall be found, which warrant fuch juftice of the peace, on information to him given, is hereby required to grant; and fuch gun or other fire-arms, as fhall be fo leized by virtue thereof, fhall immediately after fuch feizure belong unto or become the property of the perfon or per-fons giving information touching the fame, notwithfland-ing that fuch gun or other fire-arms, at the time when the fame were fo feized and taken in the pofTeflion of fuch papift or papifts, or reputed papift or papifts, did really belong unto or was the property of fome proteftant or proteftants, or other perfon qualified to keep fire-arms.

V.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforc-faid. That from and after the twentieth day of November one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, no perfon or per-fons whatfoever fhall (hoot any deer at any feafon of the year, except on his own ground only, or on the ground of fuch perfon or perfons to whom the perfon fhooting fuch deer, being a proteftant, fhall be a menial family fer-▼ant at the time of fhooting the fame, and that by warrant only under the hand of fuch his mafter, and no other-wife, on pain that every perfon fo often ing contrary hereunto, being thereof convift before one or more juftice or jullices of the peace of the county, where fuch offence fhall be committed, on oath of one or more credible witneffes,

which

\z *	The	tenth	Year cj William III.

A. D.	which oath fuch juftice or juftices arc hereby authorized to

1698.	adminifler, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit and lofe the

Chap. 8. fum of five pounds; the one moiety thereof to be to the ufe of the poor of the parifh where fuch offence fhall be committed, the other moiety thereof to him or them who fhall give information and make proof of fuch offence before fuch jufticc or juftices of the peace ; the fame to be levied on the goods and chatties of the offender by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch juftice or juftices, who are hereby required to grant fuch warrant, and to pay or order payment of the money levied thereby accordingly.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-faid. That no perfon or perfons whatfoever fhall, in any year after the twentieth day of O&ober one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, hunt, courfe, or kill any male deer before the tenth day of June in fuch year, unlefs it be in the park or proper ground of the perfon hunting, courf-ing, or killing the fame, nor fhall courfe, burnt, or kill any male fallow deer after michaelmas in any year, unlefs in the proper ground of the perfon hunting, courfing, or killing the fame ; on pain that all and every perfon and perfons offending contrary hereunto fhall for every fuch offence forfeit and lofe the fum of five pounds; fuch offence to be heard, examined, and determined by and before fuch juftices of the peace as aforefaid, and the forfeiture for the fame levied, divided, and paid to fuch perfon or perfons, and in fuch manner, as is herein before appointed for the other offence 6f (hooting deer contrary to this ad.

VII.	And for the preforvation of hares, groufe, and other game being in mountains, bills, moors, bogs, or heaths in this kingdom : be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That no perfon or perfons fhall after the twentieth day of Odobcr one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight burn on any mountain, hill, moor, bog, heath, or Wafte ground, any grig, ling, furs, heath, gofs, or fern, at any other feafon of the year, fave only between the fourteenth day of June and the focond day of February in every year : on pain that every perfon and perfons offending contrary hereunto, fhall for every fuch offence forfeit and lofe the fum of five pounds ; fuch offence to be likewife heard, examined, and determined by and before fuch juftices of the peace as aforefaid, and the forfeiture for the fame levied, diftributed, divided, and paid to fuch perfon and perfons, and ip fuch manner as is herein before appointed for the faid other offence of fhooting deer contrary to this ad.

VIII.	And it is hereby further enaded, That no per-foil or perfons (hall trace any hares or other game whatfoever

Digitized by. Gc	- $Ie

<lhe tenth Tear .of William III* ever in the fuow, nor (hall deftroy the eggs or neft of any partridge, pheafant, groufe, quail, duck or other wild fowl; nor mall any perfon or perfons, not having fuch free- Chap. 8. hold eftate of forty pounds per anuum> or personal eftate to the value of one thoufand pounds as aforclaid, (hoot at, kill, take or deftroy any hare or hares, partridge, pheafant, groufe, or quail, or any perfon whatfoever (hoot at, take, kill, or deftroy any houfe-dovc or pidgeon, other than fuch as (hall be in or belonging unto the dovc-houfe or pidgeon-houfe of the perfon or perfons fo (hooting at, killing, or deftroying the fame; on pain that every perfon offending contrary hereunto in any of the particulars aforefaid, fhall for every fuch offence, being thereof convict before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace of the county, where the fame (hall be committed or the offendor apprehended, forfeit and lofe the fum of ten (hillings; the one moiety thereof to the ufe of the poor of the parifh where fuch offence (hall be committed, to be paid to the church-wardens of fuch parifti for fuch ufe ; the other moiety to him or them, who (hall inform and profecute for the lame as aforefaid ; or otherwife (hall be publickly whipt at the difere-tion of the juftice or juftices of the peace, before whom he or they (hall be convi&.

IX.	Provided always. That nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to reftrain or hinder any tenant or tenants to any perfon or perfons, not reftrained by this act from having and keeping any hound, beagle, fpaniel, or grey-hound for the ufe of ftich their landlord, fo as fuch tenant (hall not hunt, courfe, or other-wife make ufe of fuch hound, beagle, or grey-hound, but in the company-- and attendance of his landlord only.

X.	And it is further ena&ed by the authority afore-

faid, That no perfon or perfons after the twentieth day of Odlober one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, not having an eftate of free-bold of the yearly value of one hundred pounds or upwards, or a perfonal eftate of the value of one thoufand pounds, (hall have or keep any fetting-dog or bitch, other than fuch perfon or perfons as (hall be allowed and licenfed thereunto by the juftices of peace of the county where he (hall live, at the general quarter-feftions of the peace to be held for fuch county next after Chriftmas in every year, in order to the making and training up fet-ting dogs or bitches, and that under fuch regulations only, and no otherwife, as (hall be allowed and fpecified in fuch licenfe ; and fuch perfon or perfons, fo to be licenfed, (haU	.

aHo alid are hereby required, every two years during the continuance of fuch their liccafe,' to train up, teach, and

make,

3*3 A. D. 1698.

Digitized by kjOOQle

The tenth Year cf William III. make, fome one or more hound or hounds to hunt on dry foot, and in default thereof^that fuch licenfe fo obtained fhall be and become of no force and effe&, and (ball be reputed and deemed fo to have been, from the granting Ihe lame 5 and the perfon or perfons, to whom the fame was granted, (hall be liable to the fame penalties as if he or they had a&ed without fuch licenfe.

XI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-faid, That no perfon or perfons keeping or uiing a gun to fowl with, as fervant to any perfon not retrained by this a& from keeping the fame, fhall fell or difpofe of any fowl or game he or they fhall kill to any perfon whatfoever, but fhall bring all fuch fowl or game to his or their matter's Koufe for the ufe of his or their faid matter; on pain that every perfon, offending contrary hereunto, fhall for every fuch offence forfeit twenty (hillings ; the faid offence to be heard, examined, and determined by and before fuch perfons, and the forfeiture levied, and diftributed, and divided in fuch manner, as is herein before appointed for the offence of (hooting deer contrary to this aft.

XII.	And it is hereby further enabled, That no non-commiffioned officer or private foldier belonging to any regiment, troop, or company, which is or fhall be within this kingdom, fhall, from and after the twentieth day of Ofto-ber one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, be permitted to go out of his garrifon or other quarters with any gun or other fire-arms, unlefs the fame be on a march, or a commanded party, by command of the officer in chief then prefent and commanding in fuch refpeftive garrifon or quarters; on pain that fuch non-commiffioned officer and private foldier, being thereof convift before fome one or more juftice or jufliccs of the peace for the county where fuch offence fhall be committed, fhall for every fuch offence forfeit and lofe the fum of five fhillings 5 to be paid to fuch perfon or perfons, as fhall give information cf and makfe out fuch offence before fuch juttice of the peace, and to be levied on the warrant of fuch juftice of the peace, by diftrefs and fale of goods of the perfon offending, rend-ring the overplus to the party diftrained on ; and in cafe no fumcient diftrefs (hall be found, the perfon or perfons fo offending fhall by warrant of fuch juftice of the peace be fent to the common gaol for fuch county, there to be kept, in clofe cuftody without bail or mainprize for ten days. And for the better putting this aft in execution, the officer in chief in fuch garrifon or quarters, to which fuch offender fhall then belong, (hall on demand render the body of the offender into the hand of the juftice of peace or other civil raagiftrate, to be dealt with according to

law 1

Digitized by v^ooQie

The tenth Tear of William III.	.	365

law : and in cafe fuch officer (hall negle& or refufe to de- A. D. liver up fuch offender, fuch officer, being thereof convi& 1698. before one or more juftice or juft ices of the peace of the Chap. 8. county where fuch garrifon or quarters (hall be, (hall for fuch offence forfeit and lofe the fum of five pounds, to be levied on the warrant of fuch jufticc or juft ices, by diftrefs and fale of the goods of fuch officer, rendering the overplus (if any bel one moiety whereof (hall be to the ufe of the poor 01 the parifti, where fuch offence (hall be committed, the other moiety to him and them that (hall inform of and make out fuch offence before fuch juftice or juft ices.	f

XIII.	And it* is hereby further enabled. That no com-mifiioned officer of any regiment, troop, or company within this kingdom, or any perfon employed by or under him,

(hall (hoot or courfe with greyhounds any deer, hare, or other game whatfoever, except on his own ground, or

♦ otherwife by the free permiffion and leave firft had anti obtained of the owner of the ground or foil, where he or they (hall fo hunt or courfe, on pain of forfeiture by fuch ccmmiffioned officer of the fum of five pounds for every fuch offence 5 which offences (hall alfo be heard and determined before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for fhe county where the fame (hall be committed ; and the fa id forfeiture to be levied, diftributed, and divided in the fame manner a3 the faid forfeiture for (hooting of deer contrary to this a<ft is herein before appointed to be levied, diftributed, and divided.

XIV.	And fer the more eafy difeovery and convi&ion of fuch offenders, as by this or any other laws of force in this kingdom are prohibited to kill or deftroy the game; be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That every con-ftabic, headborough, and tything man, or other perfon whatfoever, being thereunto authorized by warrant of one or more juftice or juftices of the peace, under his or their hands and feals, (hail hare full power and authority, and is hereby required, to enter into and fearch in fuch manner, and with fuch power, as in cafe where goods are ftolen or fufpe&ed to be ftolen, the houfe or houfes, out-houfes, or other places belonging to fuch houfes of fufpe&ed perfons not qualified as aforefaid; and in cafe any venifon, hare, partridge, pheafant, pidgeon, fi(h, fowl, or other game,

(hall upon fuch fearch or otherwife be found, the offender fhall be carried before fome juftice of the peace of the fame county; and if fuch perfon do not give a good account how he came by fuch venifon, hare, partridge, pheafant, pidgeon, fiffi, fowl, or other game, as fhall fatisfic the find juftice that the fame was not taken,

killed,

Digitized by Google

36$	Vie tenth Tear of William III.

A. D.# killed, or gotten contrary to this a&; or elfe/hall not

1698. in fome convenient time, to be fet by the faid juftice, not Chap. 8. exceeding fix days, produce the party, of whom he bought the fame, or fome other credible perfon, to depofe upon oath fuch fale thereof, that then fuch perfon not giving fuch good account, nor producing fuch witnefs as afore* faid, /hall be convi&ed by the faid juftice or juftices of fuch offence ; and upon fuch convi&ion /hall forfeit for every hare, partridge, pheafant, pidgeon, fifh, fowl, or other game, or venifon, any ium not under five, and not exceeding the fum of twenty /hillings, to be afeertained by the faid juilice; one moyety thereof to be paid to the informer, and the other moyety to the poor of the pari/h where fuch offender /hall live ; the faid forfeiture to be levied by di/lrefs an4 fale of the offenders goods, by warrant under the hand and feal of the juftice, before whom the offender /hall be convi6led, rendring the overplus (if any be) and for want of di/lrefs, the offender and offenders (hall be committed to the houfe of corre&ion for any time not exceeding one month, and not lefs than ten days, there to be whipped and kept to hard labour; and in cafe any perfon or perfons, fo produced and charged with the faid offence, /hall not before the fame juftice give fuch evidence of his innocence as aforefaid, he /hall be convid-ed thereof in the fame manner as the perfon or perfons, firft charged therewith, is hereby dirc&ed to be; and fo from perfon to perfons till the firft offender fhall be dif-covercd.

XV.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore* faid. That all lords of mannors or other royalties, not under the degree of an efquirc, may from henceforth, by writing under their hands and feals, authorize oue or more game-keeper or game-keepers within their r^pedive man-nors or royalties; wbof, being thereunto fo authorized, may take and feize all fuch guns, hounds, greyhounds, beagles, land-fpaniels, or fetting-dogs, as within the precinds of fuch relpedrve mannors or royalties (hall be ufed by fuch perfon or perfons who, by this ad are prohibited to keep, or ufe the fame ; and moreover, that the faid game-keeper or game-keepers, or any other perfon or perfons, being thereunto authorized by warrant under the hand and feal of any juftice of the peace of the fame county, may in the day-time fearch the houfes, out-houfea, or other places of any fuch perfon or perfons by this ad prohibited to keep or ufe the fame, as upon good ground /hall be fufpe&ed to have or keep in his or their cuftody any guns, hounds, grey-hounds, beagles, land-fpanicls, or fetting-dogs, and the fame, and every or any bf them

to

Digitized by Google

Tbf Utah Te*r of William ITT.	36	/

to feize, detain, and keep to and for the ufe of the lord	A. D.

of the mannor or royalty where the fame (hall be fo found	1698.

or taken.	Chap.	8.

XVI.	And to the end all keepers of parks and game-keepers, duly authorized as aforefaid, may be indempnified in the execution of their office; be it ena&ed, That all lords of mannors or other royalties, not under the degree of an efquire, or any perfon or perfons, fo authorized by them as aforefaid, (hall and may within their refpc&ive mannors or royalties oppofe and refill fuch offenders in killing or deftroying the game contrary to this ad in the nighttime, in the fame manner, and be equally indempnified for fo doing, as if fuch fad had been committed within any ancient chafe, park, or warren whatfoever.

XVII.	And to the end that no perfons, convi&ed of any of the offences as aforefaid, may efcape punilhment by their flight or ether removal after luch convidlon ; be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for, and hereby authority is given,, after fuch convidion as aforefaid, to the conllable or other officer or perfon or perfons profecuting, to detain in cuftody

fuch offender or offenders) in cafe he or they (hall not pre-	^

fently pay the moneys due by fuch convidion) during luch rcafonable time as a return may be conveniently had and made to the warrant for the didrefs upon fuch convidion, fo as fuch detainer do not exceed two days : provided that where any offender (hall be punilhed by force of this a61, that he (hall not be profeduted upon, nor incur the penalty of any other law or flatute for the fame offence.

XVIII.	Provided alfo, and b« it enaded by the authority aforefai^, That if any perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall be fued or profecuted for or by reafon of any matter or think, which he or they (hall do in purfuance of this ad, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the pqjfon or perfons fo fued or profecuted to plead the general iffue, and give the fpedal matter in evidence ; and if the verdiA lhall pafs with the defendant or defendants in fuch a A ion, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become non-fuit, or fuffer any difcontinuance thereof, that in fuch cafe fuch defendant or defendants lhall have his or their treble cods which he or they (hall have fuilained in fuch adion or fute; for which the faid defendant or defendants (hall have the like remedy as in other cafes, where cods by the laws of this realm arc given to the defendants.

XIX.	And whereas great mifehiefs do enfue by inferior tradefmen, apprentices, and other diffolute perfons ne-gleding their trades and employments, who follow hunting

Digitized by kjOOQie

368

A. D.

7*he ttntb Tear of William III. ' ing, fifliing, and other game, to the ruin of themfelvc** and damage of their neighbours : for remedy whereof, be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That if any fuch per-fon as aforefaid, /hall prefume to hunt, hawk, fiih, or fowl, unlefs in company with the mailer of fuch apprentice duly qualified by law, fuch perfon or perfons (hall be liable to the fame penalties as the perfons on whom fuch game fhall be found as aforefaid are liable unto by virtue of this a6i ; and (hall or may alfo be fued and profecutcd for their wilful trefpafs in fuch their coming on any perfon’s land ; and if found guilty thereof, the plaintiff (hall not only recover hi* damages, but his full cods of futc; any former law to the contrary notwithftanding.

XX.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained (hall reftrain any perfon within any manner from keeping hounds, beagles, grey-hounds, fpaniels, or fetting-dogs within the fame, to hunt, courfe, fet with, or otherwife ufe in fuch manner only, fo as the fame be allowed of and kept with the confent and free permiflion of the lord ofjtheman-nor for the time being, in which the fame (hall be fo kept, appearing by licenfe under the hand and feal of fuch lord of the mannor.

CHAP. IX.

An ASl for regulating the Fees of the Marjbal of the Four-courts, andfor fettling the Fares of Lodging, and Redrefs of' ether A'ntjes in the faid Marjbatfey, and in the Marjbal fey of the City of Dublin.

Hardlliips fuAVred by prifoners.

WHEREAS there hath been hitherto no certain or eftablifhed rule what fees are due aqd ought of right to be paid by prifoners committed to the maiihalfey of the Four-courts to the faid marfhal, by reafon whereof the prifoners committed to the faid marihalfey have been many times very much opprefTed, and compelled to pay fuch fees as the marihal hath thought fit to demand ; and whereas the prifoners in the faid marihalfey have lain under great hardfhips by reafon of the great inconvenicncies of their lodgings, and the exceflive rates they have been charged therewith for the fame : for remedy of all which, be it enacled by the King’s mod excellent Majcfty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent parliament affembled, and by authority of the fame, That from and after the twentieth day of O&ober one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, the marfhal of the four courts in Dublin (ball take, demand, and receive the feveral fees following, and no

more,

Digitized by

Fees to the

The tenth Tear of William III. more, *viz. that every prifoner (hall pay to the marfhal for the committal fee fix (hillings and eight pence, and to the turn-key fix pence ; for a discharge or difmiffion fee to the mar(hal fix (hillings and eight pence; upon every habeas corpus directed to the marfhal the perfon in cuftody, who obtained or procured the fame, (hall pay to the faid mar-	1114

fhal two (hillings and fix pence: that every prifoner brought into court by habeas corpus ad fatisfaciendum, and thereupon committed to the marfhal in execution, (hall pay to the laid marihal the fees following, -viz. fix pence in the pound, where the execution is or (hall be for any fum of or under one hundred pounds; and where the execution is or (hall be for more than one hundred pounds, then the laid perfon or perfons, fo committed in execution, (hall pay to the faid marfhal for each pound, over and above the fum of one hundred pounds, three pence per pound, and no more.

II.	Provided alfo, That no perfon or perfons, fo com- Fees by permitted in execution, (hall be charged with or liable to pay any I?0* ’m execu-more of the faid poundage or execution fees, than for the Uon*

debt or damages and cofts, as he, (he, or they really owe, and which the plaintiff or plaintiffs on fuch execution really and bona fide do or (hall receive.

III.	Provided alfo, That if any perfon be or (hall be taken perfon taken by the (heriff of any county, and brought up in cuftody, and by a fhcriff. committed to the marfhal of the Four-courts in execution,

that the faid poundage or execution fees, payable as afore-laid, (hall be paid to the faid (heriff that executed the writ, and not to the marfhal.

IV.	And it is hereby alfo ena&ed, That upon the plead-ing of any pardon at the bar for any perfon in the marfhal’g p cuftody, the faid perfon, from whom fuch pardon is pleaded,

(hall pay to the faid marfhal for his fee thereon feven (hillings, and no more.

V.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Rules to be That from and after the twentieth dav of October one thou- obferved by the fand fix hundred ninety eight, the following rules (hall b« marflwh obferved by the faid marfhal of dhe Four-courts in the faid marlhalfey; and that the faid marfhal (hall not charge any

prifoner committed to his cuftody with other or greater rates for lodging than is hereafter by this adt limitted and appointed, viz. every perfon being prifoner in the faid marlhalfey, (hall have free liberty *o bring in, or caufe to be brought in, his own bed, meat, and drinks-and cloathiug, at feafonable hours, without being hindered by the marfhal, his deputy, or any employed under him; and that no room in the faid marlhalfey (hall contain more than four beds, and that there (hall be a chimney in every fuch room:

Vol. II.	A	a	and

Digitized by LjOOQle

2s. and 6d per week for bed, eke.

where two lie together a*, each.

i penny per night in the hall.

Priloner may agree for a <VoMber.

Penalty for exa#ing higher fees, or not ob-Wvingfaid rules.

ftrft offence.

fecond offence,

The tenth Year of William III. and that in every fuch room that contains four or three beds* each perfon, that brings in his own bed, (hall pay for the finding of the faid bed fifteen pence per week, and no more ; and if two prifoners agree to lye together, and find their own bed, then they fhall pay twelve pence each of them for the Handing of the faid bed, and no more; and that no more than two perform fhall lye in each bed; and alfo that the faid beds fhall Hand at leaf! tour foot afunder at the fides, but may join together at the heads or feet.

VI. And it is hereby further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe the marfhal fhall provide and find the prifoner or prifoners a bed or beds with neceffaries in fuch rooms, then each prifoner fhall pay the faid marfhal two (hillings and fix pence per week for the faid bed, fuch prifoner having a bed to himfelf; but in cafe two prifoners (hall agree to lye together in one bed, then they fhall pay each of them two fhillings per week for the faid bed.

VIL And be it further enafted, That every prifoner lying in the Common-hall fhall pay one penny per night to the marihal, and no more, for his faid lodging.

VIII.	Provided alfo, That if any prifoner fhall defire to liav'e a chamber &nd bed to himfelf, that then he fhall or may agree with the faid marfhal at fuch rates as he can folr the faid lodging and bed.

IX.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforesaid, that in cafe the laid marfhal of the Four-courts, or his deputy, or other perfon or perfons employed under Him, fhall at any time after the twentieth day of O&aber <5ne thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, demand, exaft, take, or receive, from any perfon committed unto his cuf-tody, any other or greater fees, reward, or gratuity, then are appointed and limitted by this aft; or fhall not duly obferve fuch rules for the eafe and conveniency of his prifoners as are hy this aft prescribed ; or fhall exaft any other or greater rates for the lodging of prifoners, than is by this aft allowed and appointed, that then the faid marfhal for the time being, or his deputy, which of them fhall offend herein, fhall forfeit for the firfl offence committed iagainft this aft the fum of twenty pounds ; the one half thereof to the King’s Majefty his heirs and. fucceflbrs, the other moiety to the party aggrieved, who may fue for and recover the fame by any aftion,‘fute, bill, or plaint, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Dublin, wherein no efToyne, proteftion, or wager of law fhall be allowed, nOr any more than one imparlance ; and for the fecund offence to forfeit the fum of forty pounds, to be recovered by

.the

Digitized by t^ooQle

third.

MaWhalfea af

The tenth Year of William III. the party aggrieved in manner as aforefaid; the one moiety to the King’s Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, the - other moiety to the laid party 5 and for the third offence the faid marfhal (hall forfeit his office, and be from thenceforth incapable of holding or exercifmg the faid office of marfhal of the Four-courts, or of being deputy marfhal of the fame for ever after; any patent, charter, ufage, or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

X.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That for the future the marfhalfey of the Four-courts fhaH be kept feparate and diftlnft as formerly it hath been) P in a houfe by itfelf, under the care of the marfhal of the Four-courts, appointed or to be appointed by his Ma- Marihal ap-jetty’s letters patents under the broad feal of this king-Pomtcd lct* dom, or the chief governor or governors of this kingdomtCrs Patcm> for the time being.

XI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Marthalfea of That the marfhalfey of the city of Dublin fhall be likewifethccit^ cParatc* kept feparate and diftinft in another houfe by itfelf, und«r

the care of fuch perfon or perfons as fhall be duly authorized and appointed to keep the fame.

XII.	And for the better regulating and afeertaining the Fees to mar-fees of the marfhal of the city of Dublin for the time be- &al of *h« city. ing, and the lodgings in the faid marfhalfey of the faid city 5

be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the firft day of January, which will be in the year of our Lord God one thoufand fix hundred and ninety eight, the following fees, and no other, fhall be taken by the marfhal of the city of Dublin for the time being, viz* for every prifoner, committed to his cuflody upon an action out of the Tholfel court, two fhillings fix pence; for every prifoner, committed by the lord mayor for petty debts, one fhilling j for every writ of venire facias or fieri facias, iffued out of the city court to the faid marfhal, one fhilling and fix pence ; for all executions out of the city court, direfted to the faid maifhal, fix pence in the pound for every fum of or under one hundred pounds ; and where the execution is for more than one hundred pounds, then to receive only three pence per pound for each pound over and above the fum of one hundred pounds; and in duch manner, and under fuch reftri&ions, as are appointed by this a£l for the marihal of the Four-courts.

XIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore- Same rules faid, That the faid marfhal of the city of Dublin mall ob- obferved and ferve and keep the fame rules, and take the fame rates, and ^der^mc ^ no greater or other rates, for the lodging and accommoda- pCnaiCy, as by tion of prifoners, in fuch fort, and' in fuck manner as is marfhal of four likewife appointed by this a & for the marfhal of the Four- courts.

A a 2	courts	:

Digitized by ^ooQle

1ji	The tenth Tear of William III.

A. D.	courts : and in cafe the marihal of the city of Dublin far

1698.	the time being, his deputy, or any other perfon or

perfons employed under lrim, (hall take, receive, or exa& any other or greater fees than as aforefaid, or any gratuity or reward.from any perfon whatfoever committed as a pri-foner to his cuftody, or (hall not obferve and perform the fa id rules and rates in every refpe& as is appointed by this a& to be obferved by the marihal of the Four-courts in relation to the accommodation and lodgings of his prifon-ers; that then the faid marfhal of the city of Dublin for the time being, or his deputy, which of them fhall offend herein, fhall forfeit for the firll offence the fum of twenty pounds, and for the (econd offence the fum of forty pounds to be recovered by the parties aggrieved, in fuch manuer as the other penalties in this a& mentioned are appointed ; and for the third offence the faid marfhal fhall forfeit his office, and fhall be from thenceforth incapable of *	holding	or	exercifing	the faid office of marfhal, or bong de-

puty marfhal for ever after.

CHAP. X.

An A3 fir trawrfing Iuquifitions.

No remedy TTTHEREAS feveral perfons holding or that have VV holden lands, tenements, or hereditaments in this tereft* not found kingdom, feme for term of years, and fome by copy of in inquilitions court-roll, have been cxpulfed and put out of their feveral or oftce, dunng terms anJ holdings, by reafon of inquifitions or offices King s inieieft, foUn(j before efeheators, commiflioners, or others, upon attainders of treafon, felony, or otherwife, bccaufe that fuch itafes for term of years or interefl by copy of court-roll of fuch perfons have not been found in fuch in-quifitions or offices, after which expulfion or putting out the faid perfons have hitherto been without remedy for obtaining cf the faid terms and holds during the King’s pof-fcffion therein, and can have no	k.hjhuis de

t rji! or other remedy for the fame, their faid intereft being but a chattle in the law, or cuftomary hold or farm^ nor for rent and no cflate of freehold; and alfo where any perfea

cdiive'ciiar1	Ptr^ciis	that	hath any rent, common, office, fee,

ce ve iarg«. ^	profit	apprtndre	of	any eftate of freehold, or

for years, or otherwife, out of any of the lands, tenements, or hereditaments, contained in fuch offices or inqulfitionf where the King, his heirs or fucceflors, is or ffiall be intituled to fuch lands, tenements, or hereditaments, the faid rent, common, office, fee, or profit apprenti ce not found in the fame office or offices, fuch perfons are In like manner

Digitized by

Google

The tenth Tear of William III. ner without remedy tp obtain or have the faidrent, common, office, fee, or profit apprrn«rry by any traverfe, or other fpeedy mean or way, without great and exceflive charges during the King's Intereft therein, by force of fuch inquifi-tion or office; for remedy whereof, be it ena&ed by the King's moil excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by authority of the fame, That where any fuch office or inquifition is Such intereft or (hall be found, omitting fuch titles, intereft, or matters on?*ttcd (hall be as aforefaid, that in all and every fuch cafes, every leaffee,	*

tenant for term of years, or copyholder, and every fuch ’ perfon or perfons, who have or (hall have any intereft to any rent, common, office, fee, or other profit apprrnd r, for term of years, life, or othenvife, out of any of the lands, tenements, or hereditaments contained in fuch office or inquifition, where the King, his heirs or fucccf-fors, is or mall be intituled as aforeiaid to any fuch lands, tenements, or hereditaments, (hall have, hold, enjoy and perceive, ^11 and every their leafes and interefts for term of years, or by copy of court-roH, rents, commons, office, fe^s, and profits apprendrey in fuch manner, form, ftate, and'condition, as they and every of them fhould or might have done, in cafe there had been no fuch office or incpiifitien found, and as they fhould or lawfully might or ought to have done in cafe fuch leafe, intereft by copy of court-roll, rent, common, office, fee, or profit apprendrt, had been found in fuch office or inquifition ; any law, cuf- * tom, or ufage to the contrary, heretofore ufed in fuch cafes, in any wife notwithftanding,

II. And be it further enabled by the authority afore- Traverfe or (aid, That where it is or fhall be hereafter untruly found by monflrant d*drnt> office or inquifition, that any perfon or perfons attainted,	^

or that fhall be attainted, of treafon, felony, or premunire, ?ound°without is or fhall be feized of any lands, tenements, or heredita- being driven t* merits, at the time of fuch'treafon, felony, or offence com- petition of mitted or done, or any time after, whereunto any other nSht x perfon or perfons hath or (hall have any juft title or intereft of any eftate of freehold j that then and in fuch cafe every perfon and perfons grieved thereby fhall have his or their traverfe, or monjtrans de droit to the fame, without being driven to any petition of right, and like remedy and reftitution upon his or their title found or judged for andieftita-him or them therein, as hath been accuftomcdand ufedintion, See. the cafes of traverfe, although the King's Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, be or fhall be in fuch cafe intituled to any fuch lands, tenements, or hereditaments, by double matter of record j any law, cuftonj, or ufage to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

IH. Pro

Digitized by v^ooQle

not to extend to office or inquifition before *9 Sept. 1698.

On traverfe

fclrt facias (hall be fued agamft King'* patentees, &c.

ind two writ* •f fcarch granted, as on petition to King.

After judgment on tra-verfe, the King’s former title appearing by reJprdlaved.

the tenth Year of William III.

III. Provided always, and be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That this aft, or any thing therein contained, (hall not in any wife extend to any inquifition or office taken or found, or which (hail be taken or found, before the twenty ninth day of September in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred and ninety eight, nor to hinder, prejudice, or take away the titles, intereil, or pofTeffion of our fovereign Lord the King, or of any other perfon or perfons, grown or come by vertu:, mean, or occafion of any inquifition or office taken or found before the fame day ; but that as well our faid fovereign JLord the King, as aU other perfon or perfons having any title, intereil, or pofTeffion, or vertue, mean, or occafion of any inquifition or office found before the twenty ninth day of September one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, (hall and may have, hold, and enjoy the fame, in like manner and form as though this ad had never been made ; any thing in the fame contained to the contrary in any wife notwith-flanding.

VI.	Provided alfo, and be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That in all fuch q^fes, where any perfon or perfons (hall be enabled by this ad to have any traverfc, and (hall purfue his or their traverfe, that then he or they, that (ball purfue fuch traverfe, fhall fue on writ or feveral writs of fire j aiias (as the cafe fhall require) againft all and lingular fuch perfon or perfons as (ball have intereil by the King or by his patent or patents, in like manner and form as is requifite upon traverfes or petitions heretofore purfued ; and that in every fuch jcirt facias the patentees, or other defendants, (hall have like pleas and advantage a* they had in apy Jcire facias before this time awarded againil any patentee in any cafe of petition: and alfo that upon every traverfe that (hall be purfued by virtue or mean of this ad, in fuch cafe, as the party or parties, that (hall purfue any fuch traverfe, (hould by the order of the common laws of this realm have been'put to fue by petition to the King, there (hall be two writs of fearch granted in manner knd form as like writs have been granted upon .petition made to the King.

V. Provided alfo, and it is further enaded hy the au-» thority aforefaid. That if after any judgment (hall be given upon any traverfe, that (1?all be tendered or fued by virtue or mean of this ad, it (hall appear by any matter of record, that the King hath any other former title, right, or intereil, to the mannors, lands, tenements, or other hereditaments mentioned in the fame traverfe, that the fiime title, right and intereil, (hall be laved to the King; the {aid tpvjerfe and jqdgment thereupon given iA any wife potwithllanding,

CHAP.

Digitized by LjOOQle

Tbt tenth Tear of William III.

CHAP. XI.

dft againft deceitful, diforderly, and excejfi've Gaming,

WHEREAS all lawful games and exercifes fhould Mifchicfsby not be otherwife ufcd than as innocent and mo-gaming, derate recreations, and not as conftant trades and callings to gain a living and make unlawful advantages thereby : and whereas by the immoderate ufe of them many mifchief6 and inconveniencies do arife, and are daily found to the maintaining and encouraging of fundry idle, loofe, and diforderly perfons in their difhonefl, lewd, and diflblute courfe of life, and to the circumventing, deceiving, couzening, and debauching many of the younger fort, both of the nobility and gentry and others, to the lofs of their time, and the utter ruin pf their eftates and fortunes, and withdrawing them from’noble and laudable imployments and exercifes: be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s mofl excellent Majefly, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal and the commons in this prefent Parliament afTembled, and by the authority of the fame, That if any Perfon* wuh perfon or perfons of any degree or quality whatfoever, at ping or (haring any time or times after the twenty fifth day of December,	forfeit

which fhall be in the year of our Lord God one thousand fix hundred ninety eight, do or fhall by any fraud, fhift* couzenage, circumvention, deceit or unlawful device, or ill pra&ice whatfoever, in playing at, or with cards, dice,. tables, tennis, bowls, kittles, (hovel-board, or in or by cock-fighting, horfe-races, dog-matches, or foot-races, or other paftimes, game or games whatfoever; or in or by bearing a {hare or part in the flakes, wagers, or adventures ; or in or by betting on the (ides or hands of fuch as do or fhall play at, ride, or run as aforefaid, win, obtain, or acquire to him or thetnfelves, or to any other or others, any fum or fums of money, or other valuable thing or things whatfoever ; that then every perfon and perfons fa offending as aforefaid fhall ipfo facto forfeit and lofe treble the fum or value of money, or other thing or things fo won, gained, obtained, or acquired ; the one moiety thereof to our fovereign lord the King, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety thereof unto the perfon or perfons half to lofer grieved, or who fhall lofe the money or other thing or things m months* (o gained j fo as every fuch lofer and perfon grieved in that °r t0.any otJlcr behalf do or fhall profecute and fue for the fame within fix calendar months next after fuch plea j and in default of fuch profecution, the fame other moiety to fuch other perfon ox perfons as fhall pr will profecute or fue for the fame within

one

half to King,

Digitized by L^OOQle

Offender to pay treble cofts.

Perfons lofing on credit, not compellable to pay.

The tenth Tear */William III. one year next after the faid fix months are expired ; and that the faid forfeitures (hall or may be fued for or recovered by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of his Majefty’s courts at Dublin, wherein no effoyn, protection, or wager of law fhall be allowed : and that all and every fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs, informer or informers, fhall in every fuch fute and profecution have and recover his and their treble coils againil the pcrfon offending and forfeiting as aforefaid ; any law, ftatutc, cuftom, or uiagc to the contrary in any wife notwithllanding.

II. And for the better avoiding and preventing of all exceffive and immoderate playing and ganging for the time to come; be it further ordained and ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons lhali, at any time or times after the faid twenty fifth day of December one thoufand fix hundred ninety eight, play at any of the faid games, or any other pad me, game, or games whatfo-cvcr (other than with and for ready money,} of fhall bett on the fides or hands of fuch as do or (hall play thereat, and fhall lofe any fuiq or fums of m»ney, or other thing or. things, fo played for, at any time or times whatsoever upon ticket or credit, or otherwife, and fhall nqt pay down the fame at the time when he or they fhall lqfe tl^e fame, the party or parties who lofeth or fhall lofe the faid moneys, or othei; thing or things fo played or to be played for, (hall not in that cafe be bound, or compelled, or compellable to pay or make good the lame ; but the contraCl and contrails for the fame, and for every part thereof, and all and fingular. judgments, flatutes, recognizances, mortgages, conveyances, affurances, bonds, bills, fpecialties, promifes, covenants, agreements, and other alls, deeds, and fecurities whatfio-ever, which fhall be obtained, made, given, acknowledged^ or entered into for fecurity or fatisfa&ion of or for the fame, qr any part thereof, fhall be utterly void and of none effeCl; and that the perfon or perfons fo winning the faid moneys or other things fhall forfeit and lofe treble the value of all fuch fum and fums of moneys, or other thing and things, which he fhall fo win, game, obtain, or acquire upon tick or credit as aforefaid ; the one moiety thereof to our fove-reign lord the King, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other ipoiety thereof to fuch perfon or perfons, as fhall profecute or fue for the fame wHhjn one year next after the time of fuch offence committed; and to be fued for by a&iqn of debt, bill, pi tint, or information in any of his Majelly’s courts of record at Dublin, wherein no effoyn, protection, and treble ceffa. or vrager of law fhall be allowed ; and that every iuch plaintiff and plaintiffs, informer or informers, fhall in every fuch fute and profecution have and receive his treble cofls

againil

It A,unt%.

Winner to forfeit treble,

fcV.

Digitized by

. The tenth Tear of yVilliam IJT.	377

ajainft the person and perfons offending and forfeiting as A, D. aforeiaid 5 any law, cui|om, or ufage to the contrary no{- 1698. withffanding.

CHAP. XIV.

J!n Ait for determining Differences by Arbitration.

WHEREAS it hath been found by experience, that references made by rule of court hath contribute^ much to the cafe of the fubjeft, in determining controverfies, becaufe the parties become thereby obliged to perform the award of arbitrators chofen by themfelves, under the penalty of imprisonment for their contempt, fn cafe thev refufe to perform the fame : now for promoting trade, ana rendering the awards of arbitrators the more effe&ual in all cafes, for the final determination of controverfies re-	,

ferred to them by merchant * and traders, or others, con- Merchants, taining matters of account or trade, or other matters ; be it enatted by the King’s moft excellent Majefly, by and witji umpirage u the advice and confent of the lords Spiritual and temporal herein be made and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by *	°*	“y

authority of the fame. That from and after the firft day of March which Shall be in the year of our Lord one thqufand agreement in fix hundred ninety eight, it may be lawful for all merchants, theirfubmiflfion, traders and others, defiring to end by arbitration any con- *c-troverfy, fute, or^ quarrel, controverfies, futes, or quarrels, for which there 13 no other remedy but by perfonal a&ion or fute in equity, to agree that their fubmilfion of the matter to the award or umpirage of any perfon or perfons fhould be made a rule of any of his Majefty’s courts of record, which the parties (hall chufe, and to infert fuch their agreement, in their fubmiffion, or the condition of the bond or promife, whereby they oblige themfelves refpe&ively to fub-mit to the award or umpirage of any perfon or perfons ; which agreement being fo made, and inferted in their fub- Agreement, miffion or promife, or condition of their refpe&ive bonds, i^all hc <\mcr*? fhall or may, upon producing an affidavit thereof made by ® r^madteThat the witnefles thereunto, or any one of them, in the court of thc parties be which the fame is agreed to be made a rule, and reading finally con-and filing the (aid affidavit in court, be entered of record in duded. fuch court; and a rule fhall be thereupon made by the (aid court, that the parties fhall fubmit to, and finally be concluded by, the arbitration or umpirage, which fhall be made by the arbitrators or umpire putfuant to fuch fubmiffion: and in cafe of difobedience to fuch Arbitration or umpirage, Penalties o* the party neglc&ing or refufing to perform or execute the party difobey-farae, or any part thereof, (hall be fubjeft to all thc pe-

nalties,

s

Google ,

The tenth Year cf William III. nalties, by the courfe and praftice of fuch court ufuaUy inflicted on fuch as contemn a rule of the fa id court, made in a caufe depending therein, and the court on motion (hall iffue procefs accordingly; which procefs (hall not be (lopped or delayed in its execution by any order, rule, command, or procefs of any other court, either of law or equity, unkfs it (hall be made appear on oath to fuch court, that the arbitrators or umpire milb^haved themfelves, and that fuch award, arbitration, or umpirage, was procured by corruption or other undue mean;*.

,	II.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefdd,

»oid° complaint Tha* any arbitration or umpirage, procured by corruption being made be- or undue means, (hall be adjudged and efleemed void and fore Uft day of of none effe6l, and accordingly be fet afide by any court of next term.	or	£qU;ty . f0 as complaint of fuch corruption or undue

pra&ice be made in the court, where the rule is made for fubmiflion to fuch arbitration or umpirage, before the laft day of the next term after fuch arbitration or umpirage made and publilhed to the parties; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithflanding.

Arbitration

CHAP. XV.

An Alt for the better Management and Difpifal of the Lands fet apart for the Support of the Fort of Dun, anno),.

Recital of 14 T XT HEREAS in an by one a& intituled, An Aft & 15 C. a. 2.	> V for ihe better execution of his MajeJty's grucious dec I a-

fee. aoa. veiled ratf0n> jor the fit dement cf his Mcjrjiy's kingdom of Ireland, his heirs	<**dfat tsfaction cf the jenjeral inter rjts if adventurers, foidiers,

43 & 24 G. 3.J or other bis fuhjeds there. It is amongft other things enabled c.51 /. 1. and provided to the effe£l following: ** that the cornmif-" fioncrs for execution of the faid a& (hould fet out, or “ caufe to be let out, fo much of the forfeited lands as do “ amount unto the clear yearly value of three hundred “ pounds per annum, and are ncareft adjacent, and lye u mod contiguous, unto the fort of Duncannon ; which •	“ lands fo as aforei'aid to be fet out (hall be referred unto

“ his Majefty, his heirs and fuccelfors, to the intent that “ the rents iffues, and profits thereof may for ever be im-“ ployed for and towards the better fupport and raainte-€i nance of the fort aforefaid; and all and every the advenT “ turns and foidiers, and other reprizable perfons, to whom “ any of the faid lands fo as aforefaid to be fet out have “ been heretofore allotted or difpofed, (hall be forthwith “ reprized out of fome other forfeited lands of an eftate of €€ equal value, worth, and purchafe; any thing in the u laid a£l contained to the contrary notwithfianding

Digitized by LjOOQle

The tenth Year of William HI.	3^

and 'whereas in purfuance and execution of the laid claufe in A* D. the faid aft; the faid commiffioners have fet out the feveral 1638-forfeited lands hereafter mentioned : that is to fay, the Chap. 15. lands of Knockroe, and PafTage containing one hundred v—■ fifty nine acres ; Crooke, two hundred feventy five acres ;

New-town, containing two hundred fixty fix acres 5 Knock-ncgaple, containing eighty two acres; Rahin, containing ninety four acres; and in Fatlegg, which were retrenched l>y captain Bolton, two hundred feventy two acres in the barony of Gualtire, in the county of Waterford, or county of the city of Waterford, and referved the fame unto his late Majefty King Charles the fecond, for the fulfilling and anfwering the intents and purpofes aforefaid. And his find late Majcfly hath by letters patents, bearing date the one arid twentieth day of May in the one and twentieth year of his faid late Majefty’s reign, granted the fame unto Richard earl of Arran, Marcus lord vifeount Dungannon,

Sir John Temple knight, then matter of the rolls of this kingdom. Sir Robert Byrone, and Sir Theophilus Jones, and the heirs of the furvivor of them in trull for, and to anfwer the ufes, intents, and purpofes aforefaid ; and not any way for the qfe, benefit or behoof of the faid patentees, or any of them, or any of their heirs: and whereas the right honourable Richar^ late earl of Arran, one of the faid patentees, furvived all and every the faid other patentees, and became feizedof all and every the faid lands by furvivoT-fhip, to the ufes, intents, and purpofes aforefaid; and the fame after the deceafe of the faid earl, are defeended upon the honourable the lady Charlote Butler, only daughter and heirefs of the faid earl, through whofe minority and ufual refidence and abode in England, the faid trutts and purpofes cannot be performed, executed, or difeharged, as the pub-lick fervice requires; and thereby the faid fort cannot be fo fupported and repaired, nor the faid eftate managed to the bell advantage, to anfwer the ends aforefaid: be it therefore enabled by the King’s ipoft excellent Majetty, by and ( with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in Parliament aflembled, and by authority of the fame, That the faid lands and all the eftate, right, title, and intereft in and to the faid towns and lands above mentioned, which came and defeended to the faid lady Charlote Butler, daughter and heirefs to the faid Richard earl of Arran, Ihall be and hereby is and are vetted and adjudged to be vetted in Philip Savage, efquire, Thomas Brodrick efquire, colonel William Ponfonby, Sir John Mafon, and Allan Brodrick efquire, their heirs and afiigns, in the fame manner to all intents, as the fame before palling t£is a& were in thf laid lady .Charlote Butler; and that the

Digitized by CjOOQle

3 So	The tenth Fear of William III.

A. D. faid FhOip Savage, Thomas Brodrick, William Ponfonby, 1698. Sir John Mafon, and Allan Brodrick, their heirs and af-figns, fhall Hand and be feized thereof to the fame trulls, intents, and purpofes, as the faid Charlote Butler ftood feized thereof, by, from and after the deceafe of her (aid father, and to no other ufe, truft or purpofe whatfoever : faring to all perfons whatfoever, and to all bodies politick and corporate, all fuch pofleflion, eflate, right, title, chum, demand, entry aftion, or oaufe of aftion whatfoever in law or equity, as the faid perfons hadj pr might have had, if tips prefent aft h^d not been made,

CHAP. XVI,

An Ad for explaining fome Doubts that may arife on the Expojiticn of an Act pafj'ed this ScJJicn of Parliament, /*-fuled. An Aft for confirming Eflates and Poflefliops held and enjoyed under the Afts of Settlement and Explanation. A»d alfo for amending fome Hrords in an Act poped she loft Sc firm of this prefent Parliament, intituled\ An Aft tQ hinder the Reverial of feveral outlawries and attainders : and to prevent the return of Subjefts of this Kingdom, who have gone into the Dominions of the French King in Europe.

Recital of ioT7T7HEREAS by an aft of Parliament lately enafted JP. 3- 7*	\ V in this kingdom, intituled. An Ad for confirming

efiates and prfj'ejfions held and enjoyed under the ads of fettlement Doubt whe- and explanation; a doubt hath girifen whether the eftate, ther right of right, title, chiefry, or interefl whatfoever of any arch-barred °nabilhop, bifhop, dean, dean and chapter, prebendary, col-ledge, parfbn, vicar, or other- fpiritual perfon is or may be barred or prejudiced by the faid aft : for clearing of which doubt, be it enafted and declared by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Right of fuch par]iamcnt aflembled, and by authority of the fame, That not barred, nothing in the faid a£t fhall be taken, conftrued, or intended to bar the right, title, or interefl of any archbifhop, bifhop, dean, dean and chapter, coliedge, prebendary, or other ecclefiaftical dignitary, parfon, vicar, or other incumbent, or any of their fucceffors, to any lands, tenements, chiefries, pjiviledges, royalties, or hereditaments whatfoever they or any of them were intituled unto at th® time of pafilng of the faid aft ; but that they and every of them, and their refpeftive fucceffors, fhall have fuch right and title as they may be pro- or anT t^iein ^ad at or before the making the faid aft, fecutedaiif	may be at liberty to profeente any aftion, commence

aft not made.	any

Digitized by v^ooQle

Recital of 9

*Ibt tenth Tear of William III. any fute, diftrain, or purfue fuch methods for recovery of fuch their right and title to any lands* tenements, chiefnes, rent-charges, royalties, or privileges as they or any of them might have done at or upon the firft day of Odober one 1 thoufand fix hundred ninety eight; anything in the faid recited ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

II.	And whereas in one ad patted in thus Parliament, intituled, An Ail to hinder the rev erfal of fevered outlawries Wil. 3. 5. and attainderst and to pre vent the return of fubjeils of this kingdom, who have gone into the dominions of the French '■ King in Europe ; there is contained one claufc in the words following: 44 And be it further declared and enaded by the 44 authority aforefaid, That all and every the eftates, rights,

44 titles, and interefts, either in law or equity, in or to any 44 lands, tenements, or hereditaments of any perfon or-44 perfons being of the Proteftant religion, or profeffing to 44 be of the Proteftant religion, on or before the twenty 44 feventh day of July one theuifand ftx hundred ninety feven,

44 and hath continued fo from that time hitherto, or till 44 the time of his or their death, fhall be and remain of 44 fuch force and effed in law or equity refpedively, and 44 no other, than if this ad had not been made) any thing m in this ad contained to the contrary notwithftanding.0 In which claufe, the words following : that is to fay, (the raiftske in a twenty feventh day of July one thoufand fix hundred ninety riaiife thereof, feven) were by miftake inferted inftead of the words following : that is to fay, (the twenty feventh day of July one thoufand fix hundred eighty nine) which miftake will in great meafure fruftrate and elude the intention of that claufe in the laid ad : be it therefore declared and enaded by the authority aforefaid, that the faid claufe in the faid which inftead former ad fhall alway hereafter be conftrued and underftood in the fame manner, as if the faid words in the faid former ed*7july 1689. ad had been the twenty feventh day of July one thoufand fix hundred eighty nine, inftead of the twenty feventh day of July one thoufand fix hundred ninety feven: and that the faid claufe in the laid former ad fhall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to fave or confirm any eftate, right, title, or intereft, either in law or equity, of any perfon or perfons of the Proteftant religion, or that proofed them-felves to be of the’ Proteftant religion, in or to any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, that did not profefs themfelves to be of the Proteftant religion on or before the twenty feventh day of July one thoufknd fix hundred eighty nine, and have alfo continued fo from that time hitherto, or tiU the time of his or their death. *

The

Digitized by

Google

Yhcfetond	Year of Anne.

A. t. *7°3-

The fscond Year of ANNE.

CHAP. III.

An AS	to pTtvcnr Pepijh	P from coming into tbit

Kingdom.

WHJEREAS great numbers of Popifh bifhops, deans, fryers, jefoits, and other regulars of the popifh clergy, do daily come into this kingdom from France, Spain, and other foreign parts, under the difguife or pretence 9f being popifh fecular priefts, with intent to ftir up her M*-Jefty’a Popifh fubje&s to rebellion 5 and for that fufficient ' proof to convift them cannot be had, they have hitherto remained in this kingdom contrary to the ftatiite made in the feventh year of the rei£n of his late Majefty King William the third of glorious memory, intituled. An Act for tanijbing ali Paf'tfts execcijjng any eccleJiajlUal jur if diction, and ail regulars of the ropijb clergy, out of this kingdom: to the great prejudice of her Majefty*s Proteftant fnbje&s, and to the hazard of the public! peace : for re-

Pnfiffi cfefjy- medy whertof be it ena&ed by the Queen’s moll excellent men coming	Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords

into this king-	fpu-itual and temporal and commons in this prefent Par-

penllties in 9	li*11*®* affeniMed, and by authority of the fame. That

W.	3. 1.	every clergyman of the Popifh religion, that (hall come

8 Ammo 3.	info this kingdom at any time after the firft day of Janu-

ary, in this prefent year of our Lord one thoufand feveu hundred and three, fhall be and is hereby declared to be liable to fuch penalties, forfeitures, and punifhments, as by the (aid a& is impofedon Popifh arcWbiftiops, bifhops, vicars-general, deans, jeiuits, fryers, or any other Papift exercifmg any ecclefiaftical jtmfdi&ron, who. (hall come into this kingdom contrary to the faid a&.

As alfoperfons	■^Ln^	** ^art^CT enabled, That any perfon, who

relieving or con- fHadl knowingly harbour, relieve, conceal, or entertain anjr scaling them, fuch clergyman of the Popifh religion as aforefaid, io

coming into this kingdom as aforefaid, fhall be liable to Aieh penalties and forfeit ores* as by the faid a<fr is impofed 1	*’	1	1	ipifh

regular Popifh clergyman ; and to be levycd on them, and every of them, in the fame manner as by the faid a&

diligence in is dire&ed : and all her Majcfty’s juftices of the peace, fhe-

ivvuig u»u|tv.i« tut lititujr ic^uuvu i<j uic uicu uuuuuu

diligence

or

Digitized by Google

The ftctmd Year of Anne.	g8j

diligence in apprehending all fuch regular or other Popifh A. D. prieft, who (hall come into this kingdom ooatntfy to this	170$.

III. And be it further enafted, That if any mayor, Mawftrate* juftice of the peace, or other officer fhadl negleft doing his neglefling. or their duty in execution of this aft, every fuch mayor,

juftice of the peace and other officer (hall fdr every fuch neglect forfeit the fiun of one hundred pounds, to be recovered by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no proteftion, effoigne, or wager of law (hall be allowed, nor more than one imparlanee 5 one moyety thereof to the Queen's Majefty, her heirs and fucceffors; the dther moyety to the informer, Or perfon thafc fhafl fue for the fame: and be difebled from ferving as a juftice of the peace during his life.

IV.	And forafmueh as fome doubt hath arifen, where -where offen-perfons returning or coming, and offending contrary to the' dersindi&ed aforementioned aft, (hall be indifted and tryed : be it en- “d tried, afted by the authority aforefaid, That all and every perfon

and perfons* who have returned, or come, and offended contrary to the kid ftatute, or who (hall at any time hereafter return or come into this kingdom contrary to the true intent and meaning of the aforementioned ftatute, or fhall % come into this kingdom contrary to this prefent aft, ffiafl and may be indifted and tryed for the fame in fuch county of this kingdom, wherein he or they (hall be found and taken ; or in any county where her Majefty, her heirs or fucceffors, by commiffion under the great feal of this kingdom, (hall direft and appoint.

V.	PrQvided, and be it enafted, That this aft (haB conti- g

nue andbe in force for fourteen years, and to the end of the madeperpetual. next feffion of Parliament after the expiration of the faid fourteen years, and no longer.

CHAP. V.

Jbt Ad to make it High Treafon in this Kingdom to impeach the Succejfion of the CrO' jjn, as limited by federal Ads qf Parliament.

FORASMUCH as the future fecority of your Ma* jelly’s proteftant fubjefts of this kingdom doth (next under God) depend upon thefafety of your Majeftyk royal perfon (whom God long preferve to reign over us) and upon the fucceffion in the proteftant line* as the fame it limited by an aft of Parliament palled in England, intituled, An Ad declaring the rights and liberties of the fttb* jlQ, and fitting the f*W]fi0V	crown	\	and	by	oad

other

Digitized by

Google

SuccdEon to the cfowabr

laMsds.

High treafon to endeavour to dtfappointfcme.

The fecond Year ef Anne, other ad made in England in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majefty King William the third of blefled memory, intituled, An A Cl for the further limit alien of the cronvm, and better fecuring the rights and liberties of the JubjtCl; by which it is enabled, 44 That the imperial crown and go-44 vernment of the kingdoms of England, France, and 44 Ireland, and of the dominions thereunto belonging, 44 with the royal date and dignity of the faid realms, and 44 all honours, ftyles, titles, regalities, prerogatives, powers, “ jurifdi&ions and authorities to the fame belonging and 44 appertaining, (hould, after the deceafes of his (aid Ma-44 jefty, and of her then royal highnefs the princcfs Anne 44 of Denmaik (our now mod gracious foveieign lady 44 Queen Anne) without ifTue of her body, and for do-44 fault of iffue of her faid Majedy and of his faid Majefty 44 tefpedively, be, remain, and continue to the mod ex-44 cellent princefs Sbphia eledorefs and dutchefs dowager 44 of Hanover, daughter of the mod excellent princefs Eli-44 zabeth, late Queen of Bohemia, daughter of our late 44 fovereign lord King James the fird of happy memory, 44 and the heirs of her body, being protedantsand for-afmuch as it mod manifedly appears that the papids of this kingdom, and other difaffeded perfons, do dill entertain hopes of difappointing the faid fuccellion, as the fame dands limited : for prevention whereof be it enaded by the Queen’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by authority of the flame, That if any perfon or perfons at any time from and after the fird day of February in the year of our lord God one thoufand feven hundred and three, fhall endeavour to deprive or hinder any perfon, who fhall be the next in fuccellion to the crown for the time being, accord* ing to the limitations in the before recited ads mentioned, from fucceeding after the dcceafe of her Maiefty (whom God long preferve) to the imperial crown of the realm of England, and the dominions and territories thereunto belonging, according to the limitations in the beforementi-oned ads : (that is to fay) fuch iffue of her Majefty’s body as fhall from time to time be next in fuccefdon to the crown, if it fhalljpleaie God to blefs her Majefty with iffue; and during the time her facred Majedy fhall have no iffue, the princefs Sophia, eledorefs and dutchefs dowager of Hanover, and the heirs males of her body, being proteft-ants; and after the deceafe of the faid princefs Sophia, the next in fucceffion to the crown for the time being, accord* ing to the limitation of the faid ads \ and the fame ma~ lictoufly, advifedly, and diredly fhall attempt by any oven

ad

Digitized by UooQle

f*

The fecnd Year of Anue.	385

a& or deed, every fuch offence (ball be adjudged high trea- A. D. fon and the offender or offenders therein, their abettors, 1703. procurers and comforters, knowing the faid offence to be L—J done, being thereof convi&ed or attainted, according to the laws and, flatutes of this realm, fhall be deemed and adjudged tray tors, and fhall fuffer pains of death, and all Ioffes, and forfeitures, as in cafes of high treafon.

II. And be it further enabled by the authority afore- where offen-faid, That if any perfon or perfons, being a native of this der» beyond fea realm, fhall offend contrary to this a& in any parts be-or on fcat yond the feas, or on the high fea, that every fuch offen- maI be der fhall and may be tried in fuch county in this kingdom, as her Majefty, her heirs and fucceffors, fhall by her or their commiffion under the great feal of this kingdom nominate, limit and appoint.

/

CHAP. VI.

An A% to prevent the further Gronvth of Popery•

WHEREAS divers emiffaries of the church of i„ * great Rome, popifh priefts, and other perfons of that meafare done perfwafion, taking advantage of the weaknefs and igno- awa7 hy 3* ranee of fome of her Majefty’s fubje&s, or the extream c ficknefs and decay of their reafon and fenfes, in the ab- '	**

fence of friends and fpiritual guides, do daily endeavour to perfwade and pervert them from the proteftant religion, to the great difhonour of Almighty God, the weakening of the true religion, by his blefling fo happily eflablifhed in this realm, to the difquieting the peace and fettlement, and difeomfort of many particular families thereof : and in further manifeftation of their hatred and averfion to the laid true religion, many of the faid perfons, fo profefhng the popifh religion in this kingdom, have refufed to make pro-vifion for their own children for no other reafon but their being of the proteftant religion; and alfo have by cunning devices and contrivances found out ways to avoid and elude the intents of an a& of Parliament, made in the ninth year of the reign of the late King William the third for preventing proteftants inter-marrying with papifts; and of feveral other laws made for the fecurity of the Proteftant religion : and whereas many perfons fo pro felling the popifh religion have it in their power to raife divifions among proteftants, by voting in ele&ions for members of Parliament, and alfo have it in their power to ufe other ways and means tending to the deftru&ion of the proteftant intereft in this kingdom ; for remedy of which great mifehiefs, and to prevent file like evil pra&ices for the future, be it enabled by the Queers moft excellent Ma-Vol. IL	B	b	jefty.

Digitized by LjOOQle

j96	Anne,

A. D. j^fty, by and with the advice and confent of the lord* fpr* 1703. ritual and temporal and commons in this prcfent Parliament Ghap. 6. affcmbkd. and by authority of the feme, That if any per*

' fon or perfona from and after the twenty fourth day of March, m this prcfent year of our Lord one thoufend fe* ven hundred and three, fhall feduce, perfwade, or pcnrert any perfon or perfona profdfing, or that fhall profefs, the protcftant religion, to renounce, forfeke, or abjure the feme, and to profefs the popifh religion, or reconcile him or them to the church of Rome, then and in fuch cafe every fuch perfon and perfons fo fedlicing, as alfo every foch proteftant and proteilants, who fhall be fo fcduced, perverted, and reconciled to popery, fhall for the faid offences, being thereof lawfully convifted, incur the danger and penalty of premunire, mentioned in the ftatute of pre-munire made in England in the fixteenth year of the reign of King Richard the fecond; and if any perfon or perfona being a papift, or profefling the popifh religion, fhall from and after the faid twenty-fourth day of March fend, or caufe, or willingly fuffer, to be fent or conveyed any child under the age of one and twenty years, except failure, Ihip-boys, or the apprentice or fa&or of fome merchant in trade of merchandize, into France, or any other ‘	parts	beyond	the feas, out of her Majefty's dominions,

without the fpecial licence of her Majefty, her heirs or foc-ceflore, or of her or their chief governor or governors of this kingdom, and four or more of her or their privy council of this realm, Under their hands in that behalf firft bad and obtained, he, {he, and they, fo fending or conveying, or caufing to be fent or conveyed away, fuch child, fhall incur the pains, penalties, and forfeitures mentioned in an a& made in the feventh year of his kfce Majefty King William, intituled, An A v to ryir(On foreignei/Wmim* II. Acd forafmuch as by the faid a& to reftrain foreign education, jnflices of the peace are required, upon oath to them made of the withdrawing of any child beyond the leas, to proceed further, as by the faid a& they are dirtied ; whidi oath it is mat probable can be made by any pn>. teftant or proteftants, who are flrangers to fuch private traufatfions in popifh families, when yet by the abfence of foch child there may be reafonable ground of fufpicion of his or her having been fent away into parts beyond the foas; be it fufther enafted by the authority aforefaid. That where nay of the judges of her Majefly’s courts of QuecnVbench, Common pleas, or barons of the Exchequer, o? any two of the juftkes of the peace of any county of this kingdom, fhall have reafonable cauie to fufped that any fuch child, except before excepted, and alfo except foch child or children at fhall be fent abroad with fuch licence

Digitized by

The fecond Year of Anne, cence as aforefaid, has been fent abroad into foreign parts, he and they are hereby required and direfted to convene the lather or mother, or fuch other relation, guardian, or other perfon or perfons, as had the tuition, education, or care of the faid child, and fhall require him, her, or them, to produce or bring before him or them the faid child within two months from and after fuch convening ; and if fuch perfon or perfons (hall n6t produce and bring before the faid judge or juftices of the peace fuch child within the faid time, or (hew reafonable caufe for the obtaining further time for the fame till the next following quarter-leffions of the county, wherein fuch perfon or perfons (hall refide, or ihall not give good proof that the faid child is relident fome ^rhere within this kingdom, or within the kingdom of England or Scotland, and not in parts beyond the feas, that then fuch child fhall be deemed and taken to be then educated in foreign parts contrary to the aforefaid aft,' and (hall incur all the penalties and difabilities in and by the fai$ aft: mentioned and preferibed.

' III. And to the end that no child or children of popifh parent or parents, who have profefTed or embraced, or who (hall profefs or embrace, the proteftant religion, or are or (hall be defirous or willing to be inftrufted and educated therein, may in the life time of fuch popifh parent or parents, for fear of beirig call off or difinherited by them, or for want of a fitting maintenance or future provifion, be compelled and neceflitated to embrace the popifh religion, or be deterred or withheld from owning or profefling the proteftant religion : be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of March one thoufand feveh hundred and three, upon complaint in the high court of Chancery by bill founded on this aft againft fuch popifh parent, it fhall and may be lawful for the faid court to make fuch order for the maintenance of eveiy ftich proteftant child, not maintained by fuch popifh parent fuitable to the degree and ability of fqcJu patent, and to the age of fuch child, and alfo for the portion of every fuch proteftant child, to be paid at the deceafe of fuch popifh parent, as that court fhall adjudge fit, fuitable, to the degree and ability of fuch parent; and in cafe the eldeft Ion and heir of fuch popifh parent fhall be a proteftant, that then from the time of the inrolment in the high court of Chancery of a certificate of the bifhop of the diocefs, in which he fhall inhabit, teftifying his being a proteftant, and conforming himfelf to the church of Ireland as by liw eftabiifhed, fuch popifh parent fhall become, and fhall be, only tenant for life of all the real eftate, whereof fuch popifh parent fhall be then feized in fee-tail or fee-fimple, and tlie reverfion in fee fhall be veiled in fuch eldeft B b 2	foy

A.

387

D.

1703-Chap. 6.

/

The fecond Year ef Anne, fon being a proteftant; fubjetft nevertheTefe to all fuck debts and real incumbrances at the time of the inrolmeat of fuch certificate charging fuch eftate, and fubje& alfo to fuch maintenances and portions for the other children, as well proteflants as papifts cf fuch popifh parent then born, or after to be bom, as the faid court of Chancery in manner aforefaid fhall order for them refpe&ively; fuch portions not to exceed the,value of one third part of the inheritance of fuch eftate, which fhall be held and enjoyed accordingly, difcharged of aH Voluntary fettlements made by fuch parent, and alfo of all fales and incumbrance! made by him after fuch inrolment of fuch certificate : and the faid court of Chancery is hereby required to take care that diftinft rolls be kept for inrolment of fuch certificates, which fhall publickly nang up or lie in fome publick office or place belonging to the faid court, for that pur-pofe by the faid court to be appointed, where all per-ions may at all feafonable times refort to and perufe the fame without fee or reward ; and for the inrolment of each and every fuch certificate the fum of fix pence, and no more, fhall be paid.

IV. And that care may be taken for the education of children in the communion of the church of Ireland as by law eftablifhed ; be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, that no perfon of the popifh religion fhall or may he guardian unto, or have the tuition or cuftody of, any orphan, child or children, under the age of twenty one years; but that the fame, where the perfon having or intituled to the guardian {hip of fuch orphan, child or children, is or (hall be a papift, fhall be difpofed of by the high court of Chancery to fome near relation of fuch orphan, child or children, being a proteftant, and conforming himfelf to the church of Ireland as by law eftablifhed, to whom the eftate cannot defeend, in cafe there fhall be any fuch proteftant relation fit to have the education of fuch child 5 otherwise to fome other proteftant conforming himfelf as aforefaid, who is hereby required to ule his utmoft cane to educate and bring up fuch child or minor in the protef* tant religion until die age of twenty one years : and the faid court of Chancery is hereby impow'ered and required, and by virtue of this a6t it fhall and may be lawful for the faid court, to make fuch order for the educating in the proteftant religion the child and children of any papift, where either the father or the mother of fuch child or children is or fliall be a proteftant till the age of eighteen years of every fuch child, as to that court fhall feem meet; and in order thereto to limit and appoint where, and in what manner, and by wdiom, fuch child or children fhall be educated j and the father of fuch child or children fhall

P*X

Digitized by w x ?le

7%: fccond Tear of Ann*, pay the charges of fuch education as {hall be direfted by the faid court; and fuch child or children fhal! and may be taken from fuch popifh parent for education according to fuch order: and if any perfon or perfons, being a papift or profelling the popifh religion, (hall take upon him or them the guardianfhip or tuition of any orphan, child or children, contrary hereunto, he and they, fo taking upon him or them the guardianfhip or tuition of any fuch child, fhall forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds to 'pc recovered by aftion of debt, bill, plaint pr information, wherein no proteftion, effoigne, or wager of law fhall be allowed, or but one imparlance ; the whole benefit of the faid forfeitures to be, and is hereby, given to the Blue-coat hofpital in the city of Dublin.

v V. And be it further enafted by the authority afore-faid, That if any proteftant or proteftants, haying any ef-tate or intereft real or perfonal within this kingdom, fhall, at any time from and after the twenty fourth day of March next, intermarry with any papift or perfon profefling the popifh religion, either within this kingdom, or in any parts out of this kingdom, fuch perfon or perfons, being thereof convift by indiftment or information, fhall be lia-able to and incur all the pertalties and difabilities in an aft made in the ninth year of his faid late Afajefty9* reign, in-i tituled, An Aft to prevent proteftants intermarrying <witb papift s, as if fuch proteftant or proteftants had aftually intermarried with fuch papift or papifts in any part of this kingdom 5 and the faid offence fhall be tryed in any county within this kingdom, wherein the offender hath any eftate or chatties real, or in the city of Dublin : provided, that the certificate of a proteftant minifter, by whom any perfon fhall be married oqt of this kingdom, attefted by a publick notary, containing the matter to be certified by the faid former aft by the perfons therein mentioned, fhall be fufficient and iq lieu of the certificate required by tht faid former aft.

VI.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore-faid, That every papift, or perfon profefling the popifh religion, fhall from and after the faid twenty fourth day of March be difabled, and is hereby made incapable, to buy and purchafe either in his or their owi^ name, or in the name of any other perfoq or perfons to his or her ufe, or in truft for him or her, any mannors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, or any rents or profits out of the fame, or any leafes or terms thereof, other than any term of year* not exceeding thirty* oqe years,' whereon a rent not lefs than two thirds of the improved yearly value, at the time of the making fuch leafes of the tenements leafed, fhall be/ referved and made payable during fwjh Urm i and that all

and

A.

3*9

D.

•7C3-Chap. 0i

Digitized by

Google

The feeond Year of Anne, and Angular eftates, terms, or any other interefts or profits whatfoever, otlier than fuch leafes, not exceeding thirty one years as afortfaid, of, in, or out of fuch lands, tenements, or hereditaments, from and after the faid twenty fourth day of March, to be bought ar.d pur-chafed by or for the ufe or behoof of any fuch pppift, or perfon or perfons pro ft fling the popifh religion, or upon any trufl or confidence mediately or immediately to or for the benefit, ufe, or advantage of any fuch perfon or perfons profefiing the popilh religion, fhall be utterly void and of none effefi to all intents, conflruftions, and purpofes whatfoever.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-faid, That from and after the firft day of February, in thia prefent year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and three, no papift, or perfon profefling the popifh religion, #ho fhall not within fix months after he or fhc (hall become intituled to enter, or to take, or have the profits by defeent, of by vertue of any devife or gift, or of any remainder already limited, or at any time hereafter to be limited, or by vertue of any trufl of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, whereof any proteflant now is, or here-Sftef- fhall be, feized in fee firnple abfolute, or fee-tail, or in fuch manner that after his death, or the death of him and his wife, the freehold is to come immediately to his fon 61 fons, or iflue in tail, if then of the age of eighteen years, or if under, within fix months after he fhall attain that age, until which time from hft being fo intituled he fhalll>e under the care of fueh proteflant relation or perfon Conforming himfelf as aforefaid, as fhall for that purpofe be appointed by the high court of Chancery, for his being educated in the proteflant religion, become a proteflant, and conform himfelf to the church now eflablifhcd in this kingdom, fhall take any benefit by reafon of fuch defeent, devife, gift, remainder, or trufl, but from thenceforth during the life of fuch perfon, or until he or fhe do become a proteflant, and conform as aforefaid, the nearefl proteflant relation or relations, or other proteflant or pro-teflants, and his and their heirs, being and continuing pro-tellant6, who fhall or would be intituled to the fame in Cafe fuch perfon profefling the popifh religion, and not conforming as aforefaid, and all and other intermediate popifh relations and popifh perfons were actually dead ; and his find their heirs fhall have and enjoy the faid lands, tenement si and hereditaments, w ithout being accountable for the profits to be received during fuch enjoyment thereof; fubjc<fl neverthclefs to fuch charges, other than fuch as fliall be made by futh difabled perfon, and in fuch condition afc the difabled perfon would hav£ held and enjoyed

Digitized by CjOOQle

The fecond Year of Anne.	39

the fame ; the children of papilla being to be taken to be A. D. pap ill s, till they fhall by their conformity to the eflablifhed 1703. church appear to be protellants ; and alfo fubjedl to fuoh Chap. 6. maintenance as the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or com-	J

mlflioners of the great feal of Ireland for the time being (hall think fit to allow to the children of fuch pa-pill, until fuch children attain their refpe&ive ages of eighteen years.

VIII.	Provided always. That if any papift or papifts, that would be entituled to the fame by vertue of this a& on

the difability incurred by any other papift, lhall after be-	*

come proteftant, and conform as aforefaid, from fuch his conformity fuch conforming perfon and his heirs, being and continuing protellants, lhall be intituled as he would have been if he had been a proteftant when the difability fell on fuch c ther papift ; and the perfon or perfons fo en-joying the fame by virtue of this adl lhall and may lawfully demife and leafe the fame, or any part thereof, for twenty one years or lefs without fine, referving the bell improved rent, that can be got for the fame at the time of leafing thereof, or otherwife make or renew leafes of the fame, in fuch manner as the difabled perfon might or ought to do by vertue of any power, ortly enabling him fo to do 5 and that fuch leafes lhall be good and effe&ual againft the difabled perfon, and all others to claim after him ; any law or ulage to the contrary thereof notwithftanding : and in cafe any wilful wall lhall be committed on the laid lands, tenements, and hereditaments by the perfon fo having and enjoying the fame, or any other by his or her licence or authority, the party difabled, his or her executors or admi-niftrators, lhall and may recover full damages for the fame againft the perfon committing fuch waft, his or her executors or adminiftrators, by adlion of debt in any of her Ma-jefty’s courts of record in Dublin.

IX.	Provided neverthelefs, That the wife of fuqh perfon fo difabled, being a proteftant, lhall have and be intituled to her dower and thirds at the common law, as Ihe would have been if this a& had not been made.

X.	And be it fut ther ena6led by the authority aforefaid, That all lands, tenements* or hereditaments, whereof any papift now is, or hereafter lhall be, feized in fee-fim-ple or fee-tail, lhall from henceforth, fo long as any papift lhall be feized of or intituled to the fame in fee-fimple or fee-tail, be of the nature of gavelkind; and if not fold, aliened, or difpofed of by fuch papift in his life time for good and valuable confideration of money really and bona Jide paid, lhall for fuch eftate from fuch papift defeend to, and be inherited by, all and every the fons of fuch papift

any

Digitized by LjOOQie

J9*  D.  »7°3-Chap. 6.	The fecond Tear of Anne, any way inheritable to fuch eftate, fhare and (hare alike* and not defcend on or come to the eldeft of fuch fons only* being a papift, as heir at law; and (hall in like manner from fuch refpe&ive fons, being papifts, defcend to and be inherited by all and every the fons of fuch fons, (hare and fhare alike, and not defcend to the eldeft of fuch fons, being a papift, as heir at law only; and that for want of iffue male of fuch papift, the fame fhail defcend to all his daughters any way inheritable to fuch eftate in equal proportions ; and for want of fuch iffue, among the collateral kindred of fuch papift, of the kin of his father, any way inheritable to fuch eftate in equal degree ; and for want of fuch kindred, to the collateral kindred of fuch papift of the kin of his mother, any way inheritable to fuch eftate, and not otherwife; notwithftanding any grant, fetdement, or difpofition by will or otherwife, that fhail be made by fuch papift, otherwife than fuch fale, alienation, or difpofition, to be made by fuch papift as a-forefaid ; fubjeft ncverthelefs to all fuch debts and real incumbrances at the time of the deceafe of fuch papift charging fuch eftate.  XI.	Provided neverthelefs, it fhail and may be law-ful to and for fuch papift to charge fuch his eftate with reafonable maintenances and portions for his daughters, to be raifed and paid in * fuch manner as he fhail di-re£f.  XII.	provided always, That if the eldeft fon or heir at law of fifth papift (hall be a proteftant at the time of the deceafe of fuch papift, whofe heir he fhail be, fuch certificate of fuch eldeft fon, being a proteftant, not having been enrolled in the life of fuch papift, the lands, whereof fuch papift fhail be fo feized, fhail defcend to fuch eldeft fon or heir at law according to the rules of the common law of this realm, fo as fuch certificate of the bifhop’s as aforefaid, be inrollcd within three months after the deceafe of fuch papift in the faid court of Chancery ; fubjc& neverthelefs to fuch debts and real incumbrances at the time of the deceafe of fu$h papift charging fuch eftate: and if the eldeft fon or heir at law of any fuch papift, who fhail at the time of the deceafe of fuch papift, whofe heir he is, be of the age of one and twenty years, (hall become a proteftant and conform himfelf to the church of Ireland, as by law eftablifhed, within one year after fuch deceafe of fuch papift, or being then under the age of one and twenty years, fhail within one year after he fhail attain that age become a proteftant, and conform himfelf as aforefaid, that then from the time oftheinrol-ment in the court of Chancery of the certificate of the bifhop of the dioccfs, in which he fhail inhabit, teftifying his being  a pro-

	Digitized byCjOO^lc

The fecond Tear of Anne.	35

a proteftant, and conforming as aforefaid, in manner afor^- A. D. laid, fuch inrolment being made within fuch year, he 1703. (hall be intituled to, and (hall have, and enjoy from thence- Chap, 6, forth the whole real eftate of fuch papift, as he might	-*“y-**<•**

have done if he had been a proteftant at the time of the deceafe of fuch papift, wh'ofe heir he is 5 notwithftanding any grant, fetdement, or difpofition by will or otherwife, that (hall be made by fuch papift, other than fuch fale, alienation, or difpofition, to be made by fuch papift as aforefaid ; fubjeft nevcrthelefs to fuch debts and real incumbrances at the deceafe of fuch papift charging fuch eftate : and in every cafe where fuch eldeft fon (hall be intituled as aforefaid by reafon of his being a proteftant, fuch^real eftate (hall be chargeable and charged with fuch fum and fum8 of money for the maintenance and portions of the daughters and younger fons of fuch papift, as the court of Chancery fhall dire& and appoint to be raifed for them, and (hall be raifed and paid according to fuch direction ; fuch portion^ not to exceed the value of one third part of fuch eftate.

XIII.	Provided always. That fuch lands, tenements, and hereditaments, when and during fuch time as any proteftant (hall be feized thereof in fee-limple or fee-tail, (hall from fuch proteftant be defcendable according to the rules of the common law of this realm, and not ptherwife.

XIV.	And be it further ena&ed, That all debts and other real incumbrances, that do, may, or (hall, before the fir ft day of February one thoufand feven hundred and three, charge or incumber any real eftate of any papift within this kingdom, (hall on or before the firft day of June, that will be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and four, be inrolled in the court of Exchequer in rolls for that purpofe to be appointed by the faid court; which rolls (hall be kept in fome publick office or place belonging to the faid court, to be appointed by the (aid court for that purpofe, where all perfons may at all feafonable times refort to and have the perufal of the fame 5 and in default of fuch inrolment of fuch debts and incumbrances, the fame (hall not charge any lands of fuch papift, when and during fuch time as the (ame (hall belong to a proteftant; and alfo that all debts and incumbrances to be Contra&ed and made after the faid firft day of February one thoufand feven hundred and three, that fhall or may charge or incumber any real eftate of any papift, fhall within fix months next after the making thereof be inrolled In the faid court of Exchequer in rolls in like manner to be appointed and to be kept, reforted to, and perufed as afoi^-faid ; and in default of fuch inrolment of fuch incumbrance

Digitized by v^ooQie

The ficojid Tear of Anne. brance, the fame ihall not charge the lands of any pa-pift, .when and during fuch time as they /hall belong to a protdlant.

XV.	Provided always, that no perfon (hall take benefit by this a£t as a proteitant within the intent and meaning hereof, that mall not conform to the church of Ireland as by law eftabli/hed, and fubferibe the declaration, and alfo take and fubferibe the oath of abjuration following, viz.

8 Am*e	/ A. B. do folennly and fncerely, in the prefence of God,

furtkJTqudfsa- trcfefs> teftfS an^ declare, That I do believe, that, ir. the fa-l/wt.	ct ament tj the Lord’s-Supper there is not any tranfulfi anti ali-

en of the elements of bread and wine into the bedy and blood of Chrijl, at or after the confecratioh thereof, by any perfen what-fever', and, that the invocation or adoration of the Virgin Mary, or any other faint, and the fieri fee of the maji, as they are novo ufed in the church of Rome, are Juperftitious and idolatrous. And 1 do folcmnly in the prefence of God, prefefs, teftify and declare, that I do make this declaration, and every part thereof, in the plain and ordinary fenfc of the words read unto me, as they arc commonly underflood hy protefiants, without any evafion, equivocation, or menial rejervation wkatfever ; and without any difpenfation already granted me for this pur-pofe by the Pope, or any other authority or perfon wkatjoever, or without any hope of difpenfation from any perfon or authority what fever, or without believing that 1 am, or can be acquitted before God or man, or abfolvea of this declaration, or any part thereof although the Pope or any other perfon or perfns, or power whatfoever fould difpenfe with, or annul the jame, or declare that it was null and void from the beginning.

I A. B. do truly andfncerely acknowledge, profefs, teftify, and declare in my conference, before God and the world, That our Sovereign Lady Queen Anne is lawful and rightful Queen of this realm, and of all other her Majefiie’s dominions and countries thereunto belonging.	And I	do flemnly and fncerely

declare, that 1 do believe in my confcience, that ihe perfon pretended to be prince of H ales, during the life of the late King James, andfince his deceaje, pretending to be, and taking upon hi,'itfe!f the jtyle and title of. King of England, by the name of James the third, hath not any right or title what fever to the crown of this realm, or any other the dominions thereto belonging : and I do renounce, refufe, and abjure, any allegiance or obedience to him. And 1 do Jwear, that I will bear faith and true allegiance to her Majefty queen Anne, and her will defend to the utmoft cf my power againft all traiterous conspiracies and attempts whatfiever, which fall be made againft her perfon, crown, or dignity. And I will do my beft endeavour to difclofe and make known to her Majefty, and her fucctjfm.

X

Digitized by LjOOq le

i be fecond Year of Anne, fill treafons and traiterous confpiracies, which 1 JbaR know H be againji her or any of them. And / do faithfully promife At the utmojl of my power to fupport, maintain, and defend the limitation andfuccejfion of the crown again]} him the faid James, and all other per Jons whatfoever, as the fame is andJlands limited by an aft, intituled, An aft declaring the rights and liberties of the fubjeft, and fettling the lucceflion of the crown, to her prefent Majejly, and the heirs of her body being p ret ejl ants ; and as the Jame by one other aJ, intituled, An aft for the farther limitation of the crown, and better Securing the rights and liberties of the fubjeft, is and Jlands limited, after the deceafe of her Majejly, and. for default tf ijjite of her Majejly, to the princefs Sophia, ele torefs and dutchtfs dowager of Hanover, and the heirs of her body being pret eft ants. And all thefe things I do plainly andfincerey acknowledge andfuoear, according to thefe exprefs words by me fpoken, and according to the plain and common fenfe and under-jlanding of the fame words, without any equivocation, menial evajion, or fecret refrvation wbatfoever. And I do make this recognition, acknowledgment, abjuration, renunciation, and promtje, heartily, willingly, and truly*, upon the true faith of a Chrijlian.

So help me God•

395

A. D.

47*3. Chap. 6.

XVI.	And be it further enafted, That all and every perfon and perfons, whatfoever, as well peers as commoners of this kingdom, who (hall bear any office or offices civil or military, or (hall receive any pay, falary, fee, or wages belonging to, or by reafon of, any office or place of truft by reafon of any patent or grant from her Majefty, or any of her Majefty’s predeceffors, or (hall have command or place of truft from 01 under her Majefty, or any of her predeceflbrs, or by her or their authority, or by authority derived from her or them, within the realm of Ireland, on the firft day of Eafter-term, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and four, every fuch perfon or perfons (hall perfonally appear before the end of the faid term, or in Trinity term then next following, in her Majefty’s high court of Chancery, or in her Majefty’s court of QueenVbench, court of Common-pleas, or court of Exchequer, and then in publick and open court, between the hours of nine of the clock and twelve in the forenoon, take the Several oaths, and publickly make and repeat the declaration, appointed or required to be taken, made, or fubferibed within this kingdom, in and by an aft of Parliament made in England in the third year of the feign of their late Majefties King William and Queen Mary, intituled. An Aft for the abrogating the oath of fu-premacy in Ireland, and appointing other oaths ; and alfo (haU at the lame time take the oath of abjuration appointed to

Digitized by C^ooQle

The fecond Tear of Anne, be taken by an aft of Parliament made in England in the firll year of her prefent Majefly’s reign, intituled, Am Ail to declare the alterations tn the oath appointed to be taken by the ail, intituled, \An Ail for the further Jecurtly of her Majejly’s perfon, and the fucceffon of the cro*um in the protejlant line and for extingui. bivg the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and all other pretenders. and their open and feerti abettors ; and for declaring the ajjoci alien to be determined: ] unto which oaths and declaration, fo taken, every perfon fo taking the fame fhall fubferibe his name of make his mark ; and during the tiipe of taking thereof by the (aid perfon and perfons all pleas and proceedings in the laid refpe&ive courts fhall ceafe ; and that all and every of the faid refpeftive perfons and officers, not having taken the faid oaths in one of the faid refpeo tive courts, and fubferibed the fame and the (aid declaration as aforefaid, /hall on or before the firfl day of Augufl one thoufand feven hundred and four, at the general quarter-frflions for the county, barony or place ^here he or they (hall he> inhabit, or refide, the twentieth day of May one thoufand feven hundred and four, take the faid oaths, and make and repeat the faid declaration, and fubferibe his name, or make his mark under the faid oaths and declaration in open court, between the faid hours of nine and twelve of the clock in the forenoon : and the faid re-fpe&ive officers aforefaid fhall alfo receive the facrament of the ^Lord’s fupper, according to the ufage of the church of Ireland, \>efore the firfl day of Augufl in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and four, in fome parifh church upon fome Lord’s day, commonly called Sunday, immediately after divine fervice and fermon.

XVII.	And be it further enadted by the authority afore-laid, That all and every perfon and perfons, that fhall be admitted, entered, placed, or taken into any office or offices, civil or military, or (hall receive any pay, falary, fee, or wages belonging to or by reafon of any office or place of trull, by reafon of any patent or grant from her Ma-jefty, or fhall have command or place of trull from or under her Majefly, or any of her predecefTors or fuccefTors, or by her or their authority, or by authority derived from her or them, within this realm of Ireland, after the firfl day of Eafler-term aforefaid, fhall take the faid oaths and repeat the faid declaration, and fubferibe the laid oaths and declaration, in one of the faid refpe&ive court? in the next term, or at the general quarter-felfions for that county, barony, or place, where he or they fhall refide, next after his or their refpe&ive admittance or admittances into any fuch office or offices as aforefaid, after fuch his or their admittance

Digitized by t^ooQle

Tbi fecondYear of Anne* *	397

mittance or admittances into the faid office or offices, im- A. D. ployment or imployments aforefaid, between, the hours !7°3* aforefaid, and no other; during which time all proceedings Chap. 6. {hall ceafe as aforefaid: and that all and every fuch perfon or perfons, to be admitted after the faid firft day or Ea(-tcr-term as aforefaid* not having taken the faid oaths in one of the faid courts, and fubfcribed the fame and the faid declaration as aforefaid, (hall in the next term, or at the general quarter-feffions for that county, barony, or place, where he or they (hall refide, next after fuch his or their refpe&ive admittance or admittances into any of the faid refpe&ive offices or imployments aforefaid, after fuch his or their admittance or admittances into the (aid office or offices, imployment or imployments aforefaid, .take the faid feveral and refpe&ive oaths, and make and repeat the faid declaration, and fubfcribe his name, or make his mark, under the faid oaths and declaration, in one of the faid refpe&ive courts as aforefaid, between the hours aforefaid, and no other; during which time all proceedings {hall ceafe as aforefaid : and all and every fuch perfon and perfons, fo to be admitted as aforefaid, (hall aifo receive the facrament of the Lord’s fupper according to the ulage of the church of Ireland, within three months after his or their admittance in or receiving the faid authority and imployments in fome publick church, upon the Lord’s- , day commonly called Sunday, immediately after divine fer-vice and fermon: and every of the faid refpe&ive perfons, touching whom the faid feveral provifions are here before made, in the refpe&ive court, where he or (he takes the faid oaths, (hall firft; deliver a certificate of fuch his or her receiving the faid facrament as aforefaid, under the hands of the refpe&ive miniiler and church-wardens; and {hall then make proof of the truth thereof by two credible witnedes at the lead, upon oath : all which (hall be inquired of and put upon record in their refpe&ivc courts.

XVIII.	And be it further enabled, that all and every the perfon or perfons aforefaid, who do or (hall refufe or negle& to take the (aid oaths and facrament, and to deliver fuch a certificate of his receiving the facrament as aforefaid, or to fubfcribe the faid declaration as aforefaid, in one of the faid courts and places, and at the refpe&ive times aforefaid, (hall be ipfo facto adjudged incapable and difabled in law to all intents and purpofes whatfoever to have, occupy, or enjoy the faid office or offices, imployment or imployments, or any part of them, or any matter or tiling aforefaid, or any profit or advantage appertaining to them, or any of them ; and every fuch office and place, imployment and imployments (hall be void, and is hereby

adjudged '

Digitized by v^ooQle

398 A. £>. 1703. Cbap. 6.	7be fecond Tear of Anne, adjudged toid ; and that all and every fuch perfon or perfons, that (hall negle& or refufe to take the faid oaths or the facrament as aforefaid, and make and fubfcribe fuch declaration, and deliver fuch certificate of his receiving the facrament as aforefaid, within the times and in the places aforefaid, and in the manner aforefaid, and yet after fuch negle& or refufal (hall execute any of the faid offices or fmployments after the faid times expired, wherein he or they Ought to have taken the faid oaths, and made and fubfcribed the faid declaration, and being thereupon lawfully convi&ed in or upon any information, presentment, or indi&ment in any of her Majefty's courts in Dublin, or at the affixes, every fuch perfon and perfons (hall be dif-abled from thenceforth to fue or ufe any a&ion, bill, plaint, or information, in courfe of law, or to profecute in any fute in any court of equity, or to be guardian of any child, or executor or admin iftrator of any perfon, or capable of any legacy or deed of gift, or to be^r any office within this realm, and (hall forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds, to be recovered by him or them that (hall fue for the lame; to be ptofecutco by any a&ion of debt, fute, bill, plaint, or information in any of her Majefty’s faid courts in Dublin, wherein no efloign, protcdlion, or wager of law (hall lye.  XIX.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-laid, That the names of all and fingular fuch perfons and officers aforefaid, that do or (hall take the oaths, and make and fubfcribe fuch declaration as aforefaid, (hall be in the refpc&ive courts of Chancery, Queen’s-bench, Common-pleas, and Exchequer, and the quarter-feffions, inrolled, with the day and year of their taking the faid oaths, and making and fubferibing the faid declaration, in rolls made tand kept only for that intent and purpofc, and for no other, to the inrolment whereof every perfon may refort and look on without fee or reward ; and none of the perfon or perfons aforefaid (hall give or pay any fee or reward to any of the officers belonging to any of the courts aforefaid, above the fum of fix pence for his or their entry, or his or their taking the oaths aforefaid.  XX.	And be it further enafted. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the refpe&ive courts aforefaid to give and adminifter the oaths, and tender the declaration aforefaid, to the faid perfon and perfons ; and on due tender of any perfon or perfons to take the faid oaths, the faid courts are hereby enjoyned and required to adminifter the fame.  XXI.	Provided always. That any perfon, who by any negie& or refufal (hall lofe or forfeit any office, may be capable of a new grant of the laid office or of any other, and  - • have

*

The ficond Year of An Ac. ha*e and hold the fame again, fuch perfcm taking the faid oaths and fubfcribing the fame, and the faid declaration, m fuch manner as aforefaid, and producing fuch certificate as aforefaid, and proving the fame at the time of taking the faid oaths as aforefaid, of his having received the facrament according to the ufage of the church of Ireland withih three months then lail paft ; fo as fuch office be not granted to and a&ually enjoyed by fortie other perfon at the time of the re-granting thereof.

XXII.	Provided alfo, That no fuch negleft to take the faid oaths, and fubfcribe the fame and the faid declaration, or receive the facrament, fhall affeft any perfon that now is or at any time hereafter fhall be in England, who by virtue of this ad ought to take the faid oaths, and make and fubfcribe the faid declaration, and receive the facrament of the Lord's fupper as aforefaid, fo that he take the faid oaths, and make and fubfcribe the faid declaration in one of her Majefty's courts at Weftmmfter, or at the general quarter-feffions for the county or place, where he fhall re-fide, inhabit, or be, and receive the facrament of the Lord's fupper according to the ufage of the church of England, and produce fuch certificate thereof at the time of his taking the faid oaths and fubfcnbing the faid declaration, within the (Said refpedive times hereby appointed for performing the fame in this kingdom, or any perfon that now is, or at any time hereafter during the time, or any part thereof, appointed for taking the laid oaths and receiving the fa*-crament, fhall be beyond the feas out of England and Ire-land, or in her fylajefty's fervice on board the fleet, fo as fuch perfon do the next term, or at the next general quar-ier-feflions for the county, barony, or place where he (hall icfide after his return into England or Ireland, take the fin'd oaths, and repeat and fubfcribe the faid declaration, and icceive the facrament within four months after fuch his return, according to the ufage of the church of England ot Ireland, and mall deliver iuch certificate thereof, and make fitch proof thereof at the time of his taking the faid oaths and repeating and fubfcribing the faid declaration as afore-fud, either in England or Ireland ; or any perfon or perfons under the age of eighteen, or found by an in-quifition to be non compos mentis, fo as fuch perfon or nerfons within four months next after their coming to the (aid age of eighteen, or becoming of found mind, take the faid oaths and fubfcribe the fame and the faid declaration* and receive the facrament of the Lord's fupper, according to the ufage of the church of Ireland, and produce fucn certificate thereof as aforefaid, at the time of the taking the faid oaths, in like manner as other perfons admitted or to be admitted into any office or imployment- are herein before

A. D. 170$. fChap. 6.

399

Digitized by L^ooQle

The fecond Year of Anne, fore appointed to do ; nor (hall be conftrued to make void the grant of any office or offices of inheritance, or any fee, klary, or reward for executing fuch office or offices, fo as fuch perfon or perfons, having or enjoying any fuch office or offices of inheritance, do and (hall fubftitute fome proteftant or proteftants, being duly qualified to execute the faid office or offices, to be his or their deputy or deputies, which fuch officer or officers refpe&ively are hereby impowered from time to time to make or change, to ex-ercife the find office or offices, until fuch time as the perfon or perfons having fuch office or offices (hall voluntarily in one of the courts aforefaid take the faid oaths, and fub* feribe the fame and the (aid declaration, and receive the facrament of the Lord’s fupper according to the ufage of the church of Ireland, and produce a certificate thereof at the time of his taking the laid oaths ; and fo as all and every fuch deputy and deputies take the (aid oaths, and fubferibe the fame and the faid declaration, in one of the courts or places aforefaid, and receive the facrament of the Lord’s fupper, and produce a certificate thereof at the time of his taking and fubferibing the faid oath and declaration, in fuch manner as fuch officers, whofe deputies they are, are hereby appointed to do ; fo as fuch deputy or deputies be from time to time approved of by the Queen’s moft excellent Majefty, or the chief governor or governors of this realm; or to extend to the office of any high con-ftable, petty conftable, tything-man, head-borough, overfecr of the poor, church-wardens, furveyors of the high-ways, or any like inferior civil office in the kingdom of Ireland, or any office of forrefter or keeper of any park, chafe, warren, or game, or bayliff of any mannor or lands, or any like private offices.

XXIII.	And whereas by an a£t made in the reign of the late King Charles the fecond, intituled. An Ad fir the explaining Jbme doubts arfitig upon an art, intituled, [An Art for the better execution of bis Majefifs gracious declaration for the fettltment of this kingdom of Ireland, and JaU. ~ faftion of the frveral interefts of the federal adventurers, Joh diets, and other bis fubjefts there : and fir making joint alteration of and additions unto the faid oil, fir the more fpeedy and effectual fe*tlemrvt of the faid kingdom ;] it is among other things provided, u That no perfon or per-u fons fhould purchase any houfes therein mentioned with-“ in any corporation in this kingdom, nor take any leafe M thereof, but fuch as fhould take the oaths of allegiance u and fupremacy, without the licenfe of the chief gover-“ nor or governors of this kingdom and privy council which law, if it had been duly obferved, would in great meafure have prevented the late rebellion in this kingdom :

and

Digitized by LjOOQ Le

The fecond Year of Anne.	4.01

fend whereas the peace and Safety of this kingdom, and A. D. the welfare of your Majefty’s proteftant fubjcds, will	*703.

much depend on the feturity of the city of Limerick, and	Chap. 6.

town of Galway, and on their being in pofl'eflion of your 1 Majefty’s proteftant fubjeds, being confiderable garrifons in this your Majefty’s kingdom : be it e.taded by the authority aforefaid, That no perfon or perfcns, that are or ihali be papifts, or profefs the popifti religion, lha!l or may, after the twenty fourth day of March in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and three, take or pur-chafe any houfe or tenement, or come to dwell or inhabit within the faid city of Limerick, or fuburbs thereof, or within the town of Galway, or fuburbs thereof: and that every perfon of the Popilh religion now inhabiting within the (aid city or fuburbs of Limerick, or within the faid town or fuburbs of Galway, (hall, before the faid twenty fourth day of March next enfuing, before the chief magiftrate of the faid refpeftive city or town become bound to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors^with two Sufficient fureties, in' a reafonable penal fum, to be ascertained by the chief magiftrate, recorder, and fheriffs of the faid city and town refpe&ively, or any two of them, with condition for his or her faithfully bearing therafelves towards her Majefty, her heirs and fucceffors; or in default of giving Such fecurity, fuch perfons (hall depart out of the faid city, fuburbs, and town aforefaid, on or before the twenty fifth day of March, in the year of our Loid one thoufand feven hundred and five.

XXIV.	And for the preventing Papifts having it in their power to breed diffention amongft Proteftants by voting at elections of members of Parliament; be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and three, no freeholder, burgefs, freeman, or inhabitant of this kingdom, being a Papift or profeffing tht Popifti religion, (hail at any time hereafter be capable of giving his or their vote • for the eleding of knights of any (h.re§ or counties within this kingdom, or citizens or burgefles to Serve in any Succeeding Parliament, without firft repairing to the general quarter (Vffions of the peace to be holden for the counties, cities, or boroughs wherein fuch Papift do inhabit and dwre]l, and there voluntarily take the oath of allegiance in the words following, *viz»

I A. B. do Jtnccrely promife and f 'wear, that I will It faithful, and hear true allegiance to her Majefty Qiccn Anne.

So hJp me God, See,

Yol. II.	C	c	And



Digitized by LjOOQle

402	The fecond Year of Anne.

A. D.	And alfo	the oath of abjuration aforefaid: and after the

•703.	taking	of	the faid feveral oaths	aforefaid, the clerk of the

Chap. 6.	peace,	officiating in the felTions,	fiiall and is by this a& di-

reded	to	enter the fame upon	record in the rolls of the

faid felTions; r.rd is hereby impowered and required to give and, deliver to fuch perfon or perfons, fo taking the faid oaths, a certificate of fuch perfons fo taking and fubferibing the fame, for which certificate the fum cf one (hilling, and no more, (hall be paid ; which faid certificate being produced to the high (lieriff of the faid county, or any of his deputies at any fuch elections for knights of the (hire, and to the refpcdLve chief* officer cr officers of any city, town corporate, or borough in this kingdom, to whom the return of any citizen or burgefs to ferve in Parliament doth or (hall refpe&ively belong, he or they (hall be permitted to vote as amply and fully as any protellanc freeholder, burgefs, or freeman, or inhabitant of the faid county, city, or borough : but in cafe any freeholder, burgefs, freeman, or inhabitant, being a pa pi ft, fhall appear at any fuch eledion as aforefaid, and tender himfelf to be polled for any candidate, who (hall (land for knight of the (hire, citizen, or burgefs to ferve in any en-fuing Parliament, without producing luch certificate as aforefaid to the faid (heriff or other officer or officers as aforefaid, the faid (heriff or other officer or officers, to whom fuch return doth or (hail refpedively belong, (hall rcjt£fc fuch perfon, and abfolutely refufe to enter his vote, as if he were no freeholder of the faid county, or burgefs, freeman, or inhabitant of the faid city or borough ; any former law, ftatute, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That where any Papifts or perfons profefling the po-pi(h religion, do or iliall claim, enjoy, or po fiefs any ad-\owfon or advowfons of churches, right cf patronage or prefentation to any ecclefiaftical benefice, or where any Proteftant or Proteftants do or (hall hold, claim, enjoy, or poffefs any advowfon or advowfons of churches, right of patronage, or prefentation to any ecclefiaftical benefice or benefices in truft or for the ufe and benefit of any Papift or Papifts whatfoever; that every fuch advowfon and right of patronage or prefentation (hall be hereby if Jo fado veiled in her Majcfty, her heirs and fucceffors, according to fuch eftates as fuch Papift had in the fame, until fuch time as fuch Papift, or the heir or heirs of fuch papift, (hall take the faid oath, and fubferibe the faid declaration and abjuration, and conform as afurefaid.

XXVI.	And whereas the fuperftitions of Popery are greatly increafed and upheld by the pretended fanctiry of places, efpecially of a place called Saint Patrick’s purg:.tory in the county of Donegal, and of wells, to which pilgi images are

made

Digitized by

Google

The Jtcond Tear of Anne.	403

ina.de by vaft numbers at certain feafons; by which not A. D. only the peace of the publick is greatly difturbed, but the 1703. fafety of the government alfo hazarded, by the riotous and Chap. 6. unlawful affemoling together of many thoufands of papills to the faid wells and "other places : be it further enaded.

That all fuch meetings and affemblies (hail be deemed and adjudged riots and unlawful affemblies, and punifhable. as fuch in all or any perfons meeting at fuch places as afore-faici ; and all fheriffs, juftices of the peace, and other magi Urates are hereby required to be diligent in putting the laws in force againft all offenders in the above particulars in due execution.

XXVII.	And for the more effedual preventing and fup-preffing all fuch fuperflitious, dangerous, and unlawful af-fe mb lies; be it further enabled, Tnat all and every perfon and perfons meeting or affembling at Saint Patrick’s purgatory aforefaid, or at any fuch well or place contrary to this adfc, and who (hall be thereof convided by his or their Own confeilion, or by theteftimony of one ormorefuffici-ent witnefs or witneffes, upon oath before any juflice of the peace in any county, or mayor, or other chief magiftrate of any city, borough* town or corporation, who {hall have power by virtue of this ad to minifter fuch oaths, where the offence fhall be committed, or the party offending ap-	,

prehended, fhall forfeit the fum of ten (hillings, to be paid at fuch time as by the faid juftice of the peace, or other chief magiftrate, fhall be appointed ; the one moiety thereof to fuch perfon or perfons, who fhall give information of the faid offence, and procure fuch offender or offen • ders to be convided, the other moiety to be difpofed of co the poor of the^pariffi, where fuch offender fhall be convided : and if fuch offender or offenders lhall negled or re-fufe to pay the faid lams, to be affeffed or appointed as aforefaid, then the faid jullicesof the peace, or other chief magi Urate* fhall commit all and every fuch offender and offenders to fome conftabie or other inferior officer of the county, city, town, or corporation, where the faid offence fhall be committed, or the party apprehended, to be pup-lickly whipped 5 which punifhment the faid conftabie or other inferior officer is hereby required pubiickly to inflid and execute upon fuch offender purfuant to the order of the /aid juftice of the peace, or other chief magiftrate, within the ipace of twenty four hours after fuch order received : and that all and every perfon and perfons, who at fuch affemblies build booths, fell ale, viduals, or other commodities, and fhall be thereof lawfully convided by the view of any juftice of the peace of the fame county, or of any chief magiftrate within fuch town, wherein the fame lhall or may be, or by confeffion of the party, or by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, before fuch juf-C c 2	tice

1

Digitized by v^.ooQle

The Jectnd Tear tf Anne, tice of the peace, or other chief magidrate $Cs aforefiid, (hall forfeit and pay the fum of twenty (hillings ; to be forthwith levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods of fuch offeo-der, and in default of diftrefs, by the iroprifonment of the faid offender till payment thereof; all and every the (aid penalties of twenty (hillings to be applyed to the u(e and fervice of the publick, in (uch manner as the jaftices of the peace for the faid county at their general quarter-feffiow fliall appoint: and all and every the faid tnagiftrates are hereby required to dcmoli(h all crofles, p&ares, and in-feriptions that are any where publickly fet up, and are the cccafions of any popiih fuperditions.

XXVIII.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained (hall be conftrued to hinder feamcn, fi(hermen, or day labourers, from holding or dwelling in houfes worth forty (hillings the vear, o» under, within the fuburbs of the city of Limerick., or of the town of Galway.

CHAP. VIIL

An Ail for quieting PcfeJJtons, and difyofing tf the unAifpofed and plus Acres.

WHEREAS it will very much tend to the profperi-ty of this kingdom, which hath been almoft ruin-fons in pedefli- ed by the frequent rebellions of lrifh papifts, and to the in-on firft Odo- creafe of your Majedy's revenue, that your good fubje&s her 170a. be quieted in their pofleflions, and incouraged to plant and improve the country ; her Majelly at the humble fate of herfubjefb is graciouily p eaftd that it may be enabled, be it enaded by the Queen’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Pariiament a fife m bled, and by the authority of the fame. That the lands called plus kinds or plus acres, which are parcels of denominations of lands undifpofed of, where the refidue of fuch denominations have been granted to one or more by patent, (hall be veiled in fuch perfon or perfons, who on the fird day of October one thoufand feven- hundred and two were in pof-feflion of fuch plus acres by themfelvcs, their tenants or under tenants, or thofe deriving by, from, or under them, in their right, or under pretence or colour thcreef, which faid perfon or perfons fhall and may hold and erjoy fuch plus I :abl« to acres to them and their heirs for ever ; liable nevenhelefs quit r«.nt only, to fuch quit-rent, from the faid fird day of G&ober for the /to t(us. * fame, pro rata, as is payable out of the other part of fuch denominations, and to no other rent whatfot ver : and to the end the fame may the better be put in charge, and that all - controverfies and difputes about the podeli on of fuch plus acusmay be prevented, or foon determined, the chief governor

\

Plus acres vefted in rer-

Digitized by CjOOQle

The fecond Tear of Anne, vemor or governors of this kingdom for the time being* and fix or more of the privy council, are hereby impower-ed and authorized within three years fummarily to hear and determine the refpeftive claims of the feveral pretenders to Chief govcr-tiie pofieflion of the faid plus acres on the faid firft day of n£raarjd fix of Odlober onj thoufand feven hundred and two, and to fwear h«randdeter-and examiue witnefles to afcertain the fees in all offices re- minc claims, lating to fuch claims, and the inrolment thereof, and to do whatever elfe (hall be neceflary to a judicial determination their decree of fuch pofieflion ; and their decree, which (hall always af- (which (hall afcertain the quit-rent, and be entered and inrolled in the au- certain the qurit-ditor general’s office, fhall be final and conclufive to all rcnt) parties, and fhall be as good and fufficient in all courts and places, as if the faid lands had been granted by Jetterr patents.	'

IT. And whereas there are feveral denominations of lands Lands entire-cntirely undilpofed, which, as alfo fome of the aforefaid ly undifpofed plus acres, are fo courfe and barren, that they are not Worth of» ani* b*rrtC the quit rent they are liable unto, and therefore remain de- acres may be al-folate and not inhabited, but are a receptacle for thieves, f0 dcmlfcd to robbers, and tones, to the great detriment of the country, proteftants. and the decay of her Majefty’s revenue: be it therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid. That it fhall and may be lawful for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this , kingdom for the time being, and fix or more of the privy council, to demife, fet, or grant the fame, to fuch perfon or perfons, being proteftants, and for fuch term of years as they (hall think fit, at fuch a refonable rent as may encourage fuch perfon and perfons to plant and inhabit the fame.

Ill, Provided always. That nothing herein contained All right and (hall extend qr be conftrued to avoid any right, title, eftate, titles, except of fettlement, leafe, charge, or other conveyance, or incum- ^ ^£orcrcmai* bra nee whatfoever in law or equity, made, done, or executed by the perfons, whofe eftates or pofleflions are hereby confirmed, or by the perfon or perfons, under whom he or they derive : but that the fame, and all other right and titles, except the right and titles of her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, to the faid lands, ffiali be and remain of the fame force and efred between the parties, againfl them and every of them, as if this ad had never been made.

CHAP. IX.

An A3 for guiding ecckfiaflical Perfons in their Pejfejjtons.

WHEREAS by an ad made in the tenth year of the t>ec:tar 0r reign of his late Majefty King William the third ,0 of glorious memory, intituled. An Ad for confirming ejlates	•

fnd pofirjjions held and enjoyed under the ads of fettlement and

explanation,

I

Digitized by CjOOQle

The fecond Tear of Aooe. explanation, it is enafted, •* That from and after the nine rad “ twentieth day of Oftober one thoufand fix hundred ninety ** eight, no perfon or perfons whatfoever having, holding, or 44 enjoying, any houfes, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, 44 by virtue of any certificates and letters patents, purfuant 44 to the faid afts of fettlement and explanation, or either 44 of them, (hall be liable to be removed from thence, or 44 be obliged to relinquilh his or their intereft, eftate, or 44 pofleflion therein, on any reprizals given or offered to be “ given, by any perfon or perfons intituled or pretended 44 to be intituled to the fame as a nominee, letteree, en-44 fign-man, provifoe-man, or by any other ways or means 44 whatfoever, Jby virtue of the faid aft of (ettlement and 44 explanation, or either of them; but that every fuch pa-“ tentee, his heirs and afligns, (hall and may for ever 44 have, hold, and enjoy, the faid lands, tenements, and 44 hereditaments, according to the eftate granted to him or 44 them, freed and discharged from the feveral claufes and 44 provifoes in the faid afts, or cither of them, whereby 44 he was made liable to accept of reprizals for the fame, 44 and (hall have, hold, and enjoy the faid lands, tenements, “ and hereditaments for the future confirmed unto him, his 44 heirs and afligns, according to the eftate limited in the faid 44 letters patents, againft all and every perfon and perfons 44 claiming the fame as a nominee, letteree, enfign-man, “ provifoe-man, or by any other ways or means as afore-44 faid, to all intents and purpofes, as any other patentee by 44 virtue of the faid aft does or ought to enjoy, the lands, 44 tenements, or hereditaments granted unto him ; and al-44 fo, that no perfon or perfons decreed innocent, and by 44 his of her decree left to law, who hath not hitherto “ broughtany aftion for, and aftually recovered, the houfes,

44 lands, tenements, and hereditaments, for which he 44 was fo left to law, (hall at any time after the palling the " faid aft, be admitted to bring any aftion orfute whatfo-“ ever for the recovery thereof, but (hall be debarred from “ fo doing, and his pretended right be for ever determined,

•* annulled and extinguilhedand forafmuch as it feems rcafonable that all archbilhops, biftiops, deans and chapter, minifters, and all other ecclefiaftical perfons, many of whofe writings and other evidences have been loll during the late war in this kingdom, (hall be quieted and eftablilh-ed in their pofleflions, and freed from all ancient incumbrances : be it therefore enafted by the Queen’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefenc Parliament aflembled, and by authority of the fame, That peifom^JhcU cn- ajj amj evcry archbilhop, bilhop, dean and chapter, parfon, mince^ &c *a s” vicar, and all and every other ecclefiaftical perfon or per-any patentee by fons whatfoever, and his and their fuccefior and fucceffors, faid might. .	(hall

Fcclcfiaftital

Digitized by

Perfons innocent not having

The fecond Tear Anne.

{hall from henceforth have, hold, £>o(Tefs, and enjoy, all and lingular their mannors, lands, tenements and hereditaments, againfl all and every perfon and perfons claiming the fame as nominee, letteree, enfign-man, or provifoe-xnan, in fuch manner as any patentee, provided for by the

f^id ad, might hold and enjoy the fame; and that no per- __________________

ion or perfons decreed innocent, and by his decree left to brought a&ion law, who hath not hitherto brought any adion for, and ac- barred, t Dally recovered, the houfes, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, for which he was fo left to law, fhall at any time aftgr the palling this ad be admitted to bring any aciion or fuit whatfoever for recovery thereof againll fuch archbilhop, bifhop, or other perfon whatfoever, but fhall J>e debarred from io doing, and nis pretended right for ever determined, annulled, and extinguifhed.

II. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, ,	ec*

for the effedual eltablifhing the elteteand poflcfiions of fuch ^Vlfcbarged archbifhops, hiihcps, deans and chapter, and other ecclcfr- of antient in-altical perfons, and for preventing their being fued or im- cumbrancc*. pleaded on pretence of any antient incumbrances, be they judgments, recognisances, ftatutes merchant or of the ilaple, acknowledged or entred into on or before the twenty third day of October in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred forty one, that are not now depending, or, if depending, have not been profecuted fince the twenty third day of Odober one thoufand fix hundred ninety one, that frojn henceforth no adion (hall lie, nor fuit be admitted or profecuted on any fuch antient incumbrance for charging any lands, tenements, or hereditaments of any fuch archbilhop, bilhop, or other ccclefiaftical perfon in any court either in law or equity ; but that the lauds, tene-n\ents, and hereditaments of fuch archbilhop, bilhop, or other ecclefiaftical perfons, (hall be difeharged thereof; and that no procefs, Jcire facias, or execution whatfoever, (hall ever iflue at ^ny time hereafter on any fuch ancient incumbrance, but that the fame, as to the (aid archbifhops, bifh-ops, and other e c de Gallic a 1 perfons, and their lands, tenements, and hereditaments, (hall be taken and adjudged to be null and void.

HI. Provided always. That nothing herein contained fhall

extend, or be couftrued to extend, in any wile to prejudice ,	,

ii . .	. ,	-	*	I	.	K.	J	crec by protel-

any debt, right, title, lntcrclt, or eftate of, in, out of, or un- unt in coultof

to, any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, contained or chums, Uq. mentioned in any judgment or decree, obtained by anv pro-tellant or protcilants m the late court, or pretended court, for adjudication of the claims of innocent?, or in the court of Exchequer, or any the Four courts fitting at Dublin, before the two and twentieth day of Auguft one thouland fix hundred fixty three, nor to any chiefry or other incumbrances, whereof or whereon any intereii, fum of money,

or

Not to prejudice right in dc-

Digitized by

j )ogle

»*i

4o3

A. D.

The fecond Year of Anne*.

Or other confideration, hath been received fince the paiSng the letters patents of fuch forfeited lands, tenements, and hereditaments, claimed to be liable thereunto.

CHAP. X.

An /fl for the Exchange of Glebes belonging to Churches in this Kingdom.

K

H

i

Re&or% &c. may exchange glcocs, or part, at a diiUnce for c ntiguous lands.

with approbation of bifhop, or patron.

Sheriff* at re-queli of bifhop, Ac. to call a jury*

Return and deeds ot exchange recorded in Exchequer.

WHEREAS feveral glebes in this kingdom lie at a great diftance from the churches, to which they belong, and fome in other parilhes, whereby the fefidencc of the incumbents on the faid glebes is become either impracticable or lefs ufefu! than is fitting : for remedy whereof be it enabled by the Queen’s mod excellent Majefty, anti by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by authority of the fame, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the feveral re&ors, vicars^ and other perfons, having any cure of fouls in this kingdom, by deed or deeds to exchange fuch glebes, as lie at a didance from the parifh-church, or any part of fuch glebes, with any archbilliop, bifnop, or other perfon, for lands of equal value, worth, and purchafc, lying near and convenient to the faid church; provided the bifhop of the dioccfs, with his dean and chapter, under his and their common* feals, and the patron of fuch church, or his lawful attorney, where the patronage is in any other than the bilnop, under his hand and feal to fuch deed or deeds of exchange, approve thereof; and where the patronage is in the crown, the chief governor cr governors of the kingdom for the time being {hall be and are hereby impowered to give confent to fuch deed or deeds of exchange in writing under his or their hands and feals.

II. And to avoid all fraud, covin, or miflake in fuch exchange ; be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That before the feeding and perfecting fuch deeds of exchange, the fneriif of the county, where both or either of the lands to be exchanged as aforefaid (hall be, at the requeft of the bifhop, patron, and parties concerned, may call a jury of twelve good and indifferent free-holders, whereof notice fhnII be given at fome preceding county-court, and likewise of the time and place where and when the faid jury is to meet; and, the faid jury fhall inquire of the true value and quantity of the lands and convcnicncy of th* exchange of the faid lands to be fo exchanged, by the oaths of good knowing and fubftantial witneffes ; and the faid value and conveniency fo found, together with the mean and bounds thereof, fhall return to the bifhop, where both or cither of the faid lands fo to be exchanged are ; who

fhall



Digitized by Google

7Tyeficond Tear of Anne.

(hall procare the faid return and deeds of exchange to be recorded in the court of Exchequer in the firft remembrancer’s office, for which inqueft the (heriff (hall receive by way of fees ten (hillings ; and the faid remembrancer (hall put the fame on record, and for the recording the fame, and the faid deeds, (hall receive fix (hillings and eight pence, and no more.

III. And be it cnadled, That the faid lands fo given in exchange for fuch glebes, or any part thereof fo exchanged, (hall be held and enjoyed by fuch re&ors or vicars, and their fucceflbrs for ever, as glebe, notwith-ftanding the fame did formerly belong to any archbifhop, bifhop, tenant for life, or in tail, with the confent of the perfon immediately next in remainder; in all which cafes fuch old glebe, or the part of the faid glebe, fo given in exchange, (hall remain and be to fuch ufes as the land given for the fame was formerly limited.

IV.	And be it further ena&cd, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for every archbiftiop and bilhop, dean, dignitary or prebendary, having land belonging to their bifhop’-icks, dcanry, dignity, or prebend, near any church, and convenient for a glebe for the faid church, not already indowed with twenty acres of glebe, by and with the advice and confent of his refpe&ive dean and chapter, to grant any quantity thereof not exceeding twenty acres plantation-meafure, to the reflor or vicar, or other ecclc-(iallical perfoft having the adlual cure of fouls, and their fucceflors, at the moiety of the prefent yeaily rent per annum, or for any greater fum ; which rent (hall be paid by fuch reftors or vicars, and other ecclefiaftical perfons having the a&ual cure of fouls and their fuccefiors, to the (aid bifliop, dean, dignitary or prebendary, and their re-fpeilive fucceflors for ever, by four equal portions (that is to fay) at the fend of the annunciation of the bleffed virgin Mary, the feud of St. John baptid, the fead of St. Michael the archangel, and of the nativity of our blelTed Lord and Saviour j and in cafe of non-payment that it fhrdl be lawful for the faid b’lhop, dean, dignitary, or prebendary, his or their fuccefibrs, to diftrain or fue for the fame, and all arrears thereof.

V.	And be it crafted. That the faid twenty acres, or 1 (Tor quantity of land fo granted as aforefaid, (hall be reputed and taken as the glebe of the parilh, to whofe incumbent and fucctfLrs it is granted : this aft to be in force for one and twenty years, and no longer.

Sheriffs fees, tos. Remem-braacer\6s, 8d.

Lands exchanged enjoyed as glebe for

Bifbop, dignitary, Sec. may grant 20 acres ' tor a glebe with confent, &c.

Rent psyable by four portions.

Liberty todif-traia or fue.

In force 21 years.	,

Further by ry and 18 G. 3. C. 36 for years.

C H A P.

Digitized by CjOO^Ic

The fecond Tear of Anne.

CHAP. XI.

An A SI for building feveral Parijh-Churches in more cam~ •venieut Places.

Fankb^a.^ "YTCTHEREAS the parifh-church of the parifh of Fag-VV lobbus, in the diocefs of Cork, is in a ruinous condition, and inconveniently fituate, remote from the proteftant inhabitants of the faid parifh : be it therefore enabled by the Queen’s moil excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpirkual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by authority of the fame. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the bifhop of Cork, and the rettor, vicar, or other incumbent of the faid parifh for the time being, with the confent of the major part of the proteflant A mew church habitants thereof in writing under their hands and feals, may bc^uUu11110 build a new church in fuch more convenient place in the faid parifh, as they (hall think fit; the land for the church Proprietor ©f an<^ church-yard being firft conveyed by the proprietor of land firft con- fuch place to the church wardens of the faid parifh and ▼tying to church their fucceffors for ever, who are hereby enabled to take and *r*rden#- receive a grant of the fame to them and their fucceffors, in truft for and to the ufe of the faid parifh ; and that fuch new church, when built and confecratcd, be reputed and remain the parifh-church of the faid parifh for ever. And that the parifh-church of the parifh of Kilmacomoge in the county of Cork, being alfo ruinous and inconveniently Church of Kil- f,tuatc> may *n hke manner* and upon the fame term, and macomogc to be whh the like confent as aforefaid, be removed, and new alfo new built, built in fome more convenient place in the faid parifh ; and that fuch new church, when built and confecrated as aforefaid, fhall for ever be reputed and remain chc only parifhrchurch of the faid parifh of Kilmacomoge for ever.

II. And whereas the parifh-church of Drumaul, lying in the diocefs of Connor, and county of Antrim, is now ruinous, and the fituation of it very incommodious for the parilhioners to refort unto: and whereas the earl of Done-gall, the patron of the faid church, and Edward lord bifhep of Down and Connor, the prefent bifhop of the faid diocefs, the incumbent, and the parilhioners of the faid parilh, by an aft of vefhy have chofen and presented the corporate town of Randalftovvn, lying within the faid parifh, to be a more convenient fituation for the faid parifh-church: be it enabled hy the authority aforefaid. That the faid parifn-church fhall be built in fome convenient part of that piece, parcel, or plot of ground in the town-

land .

Drumaul church to be jew built in

Dtuuu ore.

Digitized by CjOOQle

^fhe ftconi Tear of Anne. land of Dunmore, near the faid town of Randalftown j?v:thin the faid parilh, now and formerly ufed for a buryal-place ; and that the church, to be built on the faid plot of ground, fo foon as it (hall be finiihed and confecrated, lb all be deemed and reputed the true and only parilh-church of the faid parilh of Drumauj, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever.

HI. And whereas the parifh-church of Finvoy, withio the faid diocefs of Connor and county of Antrim, is alio ruinous, and the old fituation of it is very incommodious for the parilhioner^ to refort unto: and whereas the f^d on Edward lord bithop of Down and Connor, who in right of jamin GalUod. bis faid fee of Connor is patron of the faid parilh, and4

FinToy church to be new built

doftor Anthony Cope the prefent incumbent thereof, and alfo the parifhioners of the faid parilh, by an ad of veftry have chofen and reprefented another place upon the eftate of Benjamin Galland efquire within the faid parilh, and have accordingly laid the foundation of a new church in the faid place ; be it enafted, That the faid new churchy when finiihed and confccratcd, (hall be deemed and reputed the true and only parilh-church of the faid parilh of Finvoy to all intents and purpofes whatsoever : provided that the ground, whereon the faid church ftandeth, lhall, with a convenient church yard, be firft conveyed by Benjamin Galland efquire, proprietor thereof and his heirs, to the church-wardens of the faid parilh and their fucceffors, in truft and for the ufe of the laid parilh, who arc hereby enabled, notwithHanding the aft of mortmaine, to take the fame.

IV. And whereas the parilh of Kilead, in the faid dicccfs of Connor and county of Antrim, though very Kjjcad church targe and well inhabited, wants a parilh-church, and that to ^ buijt whci| the lituation of the old parilh-church Cannot be now afeer- ground obtained, tained : and whereas the lord vifeount Maffarecn, the patron of the faid church, and the faid Edward bilhop of Down and Connor, aad the prefent incumbent and parilhi-onets. by an aft of veftry have determined to build a church for the faid parilh, and that a lum of money is laid on and applotted by the fame aft of veftry for building the find church, but that the ground, on which the faid church fh.ill be built, is not yet fixed and determined : and whereas application is now making for a convenient piece of ground near the centre of the laid parilh: be it enafted. That when fuch ground (hail be obtained, and a church (hall be built, finiihed, and ccnfccrated upon it, that the faid church fha.ll be deemed and reputed the true and only parilh-church of Kilead, to all intents and purpofes whatsoever : provided that the ground on which the faid church (hall be built, ihall, with a convenient church-yard, be firft

conveyed

Digitized by CjOoq le

Kilcommon, Robeen, and

Money and land for building a church,

Re.

The Jeeond Tear of Anne, conveyed by the proprietor of fach ground to the chnrch-r ■ wardens of the faid parilh and their facceffors, in trail and for the ufe of the faid parilh, who are hereby enabled, notwithflanding- the ad of mortmaine, to take the,fame.

V. And whereas the three parilhes of Kilcommon, Ro-been, and Tokeen, in the diocefs of Toam, and in the Tokeen united, collation of the archbilhop of Tuam, in right of his fee, are held in title with other livings by one incumbent, from which it is fit they fhould be divided after his incumbency, and are fit to be perpetually united in themfelvci : and whereas the parilh-churches of the faid three livings are all utterly ruined, and alfo inconveniently fituate for the pa-rilhioners: and whereas the fum of feventy pounds was aifigned out of the impropriate tythes, lately forfeited in this kingdom, to build a church in the parilh of Kilcommon, which fum will not be fufficient to do the fame, the archbilhop is willing to bellow one hundred pounds more> of his own, and to convey one plot of ground of his own inheritance for a church-vard, wherein the faid church may be eredled and built, anJ alfo one other plot for a houfe* {head, and garden, where the minifter may dwell, near the faid church, and in fuch place as may be mofl convenient for the inhabitants of the faid three parifhes to refort unto for divine fervice : be it therefore enadted by the authority Said pariftiet aforefaid. That the faid three parifhes {hall be and are here-•onfolidated by by united and confolidated for ever, by the name of the 4	parilh	of	Kilcommon,	alias	Hollymoath, and (ball be deem-

ed and held under one title as one parilh intire in itfelf, and dillinguilhed from any other ; and that it (hall and may be lawful for the prefent archbilhop and his heirs to convey without licence of mortmaine to the church-wardens of the faid parilh, and their fuccefiors for ever, fuch plots of ground, as fball be neceflary for the ufes aforefaid; provided that the church, to be built on a new foundation, fhall be placed as near the centre of the faid united pari Ores as may be, and that the confent of the major part of the protellant inhabitants of the faid parifhes be firft had thereunto under their hands and feals; which church, when built and confecrated, fhall be reputed the pariih-church of the faid united parilhes to all intents and purpofes whatfoever. Saving to the Queen’s MajeOy, her heirs and fucceflbrs, and to the archbilhop of Tuam, and his fuccelTors, and to. the prefent incumbent only during his incumbency, all fuch right and intereft as they or any of them had in the faid Aglifh, Ilanc- parilhes before they were thus united, dm, and^Drum- yj And wherea5 the parilhes of Aglilh and Tlanedin* cd^itl^Brwgh- anc* c^e re&or>r of Drumrany, lying intermixt with the pa-wyandTur- riihes of Breagwy and Turlogh in the diocefs of the faid logh, in Tuam, archbilhop of Tuam, and in the collation of the faid arch-umtcdk by name biOiop in right of his laid fee, are contiguous, and fit to be ©f (Jaklcbar.	perpetually

name of Kil -* common or Hollymoath.

Bilhpp may convey.

8cite of new •hurch.

Digitized by L^ooQle

*the fecond Year of Anne, perpetually united : and whereas the inhabitants of the faid parilhes have built and almoft finilhed a church upon a new foundation in the town of Caftlebar and parilh of Aglilh, near the centre of the afbrefaid parilhes, all the old churches of the faid parilhes being utterly ruined and inconveniently fituated for the proteftant* inhabitants of the faid parilhes: *#be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid parilhes lhall be and are here-by for ever united, and made one entire parilh, by the name of the parilh of Aglilh alias Caftlebar; and that when the ground, whereon the faid church ftandeth, with a convenient church-yard, lhall be conveyed by Sir Henry Bingham baronet, proprietor thereof, or his heirs, to the church-wardens of the faid parilh, and their fuccelTors, who are hereby enabled, notwithHanding the new church con-ftatuteof mortmain, to take the fame, the faid church be- 7|Tcdky sf ing duly finilhed and confecrated, lhall thenceforth be deem- cmy ,ns anu ed and reputed the only parilh-church of the faid united parilhes to all intents and purpofes whatfoever: laving to the Queen’s moft excellent Majefty, her heirs and fucccf-fors, and to the archbilhopXof Tuam and his fuccelTors, and to the prefent incumbents during their incumbency, all fuch right, title, and intereft, as they or any of them had before the palling of this aft; any thing herein contained to the cohtrary notwithHanding.

VII.	And whereas the aforefaid Edward lord Bilhop of Ballvwalter Down and Connor, and Sir Hans Hamilton baronet, pa- Ballyhabhert * tron, and Robert Hamilton and Hans Montgomery vicars and Innilhargy, of the parilhes of Bally water, Ballyhabbert and Inilbargy hi Down united, in the diocefs of Down, have confented to the perpetual union of the faid parilhes from and after the dehth of either of the faid incumbents, and that the furviver lhall have the faid three parilhes; and that one parilh-church lhall be erefted in one of the town-lands of the parilh of Inif-hargy, which is conveniently lituate near the centre of the faid three parilhes: be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid three parilhes lhall be for ever united from and after the death of either of the faid incumbents, and that the furvivor of the faid incumbents lhall have the vicarage of the faid three parilhes during his life ; and after his death the faid Sir Hans Hamilton, his heirs or afiigns, prefentation the undoubted patrons of the faid three parilhes lhall have in Sir Hans Ha-and continue his and their right of prefentation to the faid milton and hit union, as if the faid parilhes had continued diftinft as here- heirs, tofore; and that a church lhall be built and erefted in one of the town* lands of the parilh of Inilhargy in fuch place,	A church in

as lhall be appointed by the bilhop of the laid diocefs, with inhhargy. • the confent of the owner of the land; the fame, with a convenient church yard, being firft conveyed to the churchwardens of the faid united parilhes and their fucceirors for .

ever,	•	-

4*3

A. D.

17°3* Chap. m.

Gronnd for

Digitized by CjOOQle

4*4

A.

».

1703-Chap. 11.

fcew church to be built at Ring V hod near Dublin.

A publickadb.

Archbiihop of Dublin, with oonfent may cied; the abbey of Arklow into a parifli church; pariih to repair lame.

The fecund Yeiur Anirte. ever, at the expence of the faid united .parilhes, to be af (efled and apportioned by the veftry, in the fame manner as the church of each pariih if diftind, ought to have been built and repaired, it this ad had never been made ; and the laid church, when built and confecrated, (hall forever remain and be deemed ~aad reputed the true and only parilh-chnrch of the faid three parilhes to all intents and purpof* es whadoever.

VIII.	And whereas the inhabitants of RingV£n4 near t)ublin, being numerous, are at a distance from Donebrook their parifh-church, which is fo inconveniently htuated that the bud inhabitants often, cannot come to attend divine fer-vice in the (aid church, by jreafon of floods and overflowing of the high-way by tides and waters; many of the Queen's officers belonging to the port of Dublin, many Grangers and Teamen do frequent the faid Ring’s-End, and are detained there on the Lord's day, all which are deprived of the fervice of God for want of a church or chap-pel for poblick worlhip near the faid Ring’s End: and whereas the archbiihop of Dublin, in whofe diocefs the faid Ring’s-End lies, as alfo doctor Enoch Reader archdeacon of Dublin, prefent incumbent of the pariih of Donebrook, wherein the faid Ring’s-End is, are humble fuiters to her mod excellent Majcfty, that a church or chappie may be erected in fome convenient place at Ring’s-End aforefaid: and whereas the land near and convenient for the e reding fuch a church or chappel, belongs to Thomas lord vii-count Merion, who is willing to grant and convey a fuffici-ent parcel of land to the ufe aforefaid: be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That it lhall and may be lawful to and for the faid right honourable Thomas lord vifeount Merion to fet out and convey to the lord archbiihop of Dublin, and his fuccelfors, for a place for the erecting a church or chappel, and for a church-yard and other conveniencies for the laid church or chappel for the ufe of the laid inhabitants of Rings-End, any quantity of land not exceeding two acres plantation meafure, notwithHanding any fettlemcnt of the faid two acres\ and that it may and (hall be lawful for the faid archbiihop and his fuccef-fors to apply one hundred pounds out of the forfeited tythes, appointed for the building the ruined churches of Ireland, to the building the faid church or chappel.

IX.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That this a£t (hall be taken and clteemed a pubiick and general aft by all judges in all courts in this kingdom.

X.	And whereas the pariih church of the pariih of Ark-low in the diocefs of Dublin is ruinous and inconveniently feated: and whereas Sir Lawrence Efmond and Benjamin Mountney efq; have conveyed the feite of the abby of

Arcidow

Digitized by

Tbe Jecond Tear of Anne.

Arcklow for the place of a parifti church, being convenient for the fame purpofe: be it enaded by the authority afore-faid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the arch-bilhop of Dublin, with the confent of the prefent incumbent i and of the veftry of the faid parilh, to conftitute and ered the faid abby into a pari(h church; and that after the eredion of the faid abby into a parifh church, the pariftiioners of the faid parilh (hall be obliged to repair the fame from time to time, and no other church.

CHAP. XIII.

An Ad for continuing tivo Ads again]} Tories, Robbers, and Rapparees.

WHEREA$ in a Parliament held in the feventh f_________________^

year of the reign of his late Majefty King William andy	\ *9!

of glorious memory, an ad was made intituled. An Ad continued feven for the better fupprejjtng tories, robbers, and rapparees, and far preventing robberies, burglaries, and other heinous crimes ; to fupply the defeds of which, another ad was made in the ninth year of the reign of his faid late Majefty, intituled, An AcI to fupply tbe defeds, and for tbe better ex-	_

ecution of an Ad pajfed this prefent fejfion of Parliament, in-tituled, f An ad for tbe better fuptrejjing tories, and rapparees, isfe.ij 29©?*! and for preventing robberies, burglaries, and other heinous crimes,] both which ads by experience are found to be good and profitable laws for this kingdom, and fit to be further continued:	be	it therefore enaded by the

Queen’s molt excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and the commons in this prefent Parliament aftcmbled, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid ads be and are hereby continued, and (hall remain and continue in force and efted for feven years from the end of this prefent Parliament and to the end of the next feflion of Parliament after the expiration of the faid feven years, and no longer.

CHAP. XIV.

An Ad for Naturalizing of all P rot eft ant Strangers in this Kingdom.

WHEREAS in the Parliament held at Dublin the

eighth day of May, in the thirteenth year of the *4*“* }5 C. reign of our late fovereign lord King Charles the fecond, ^fcf ******&• and by divers prorogations held and continued to the fe-venteenth day of April, in the fourteenth year of his faid Majeftie’s reign, a certain ad of Parliament \vas made and palled, intituled, An Ad for encouraging Proteftant Jlran*

gers

*1 WU. «. ir.

*

Digitized by CjOOQie

41*	The	fecond	Year	of Annfc.

A. D. gers and others to inhabit and plant in the kingdom rf Ire-1703.	land\ which faid aft, as to the naturalizing the Granger*

Chap. 14.	thereby intended to be naturalized,' had continuance only

for the term of feven years from the end of the faid P?.r-•»«£> ptrpetmml liament: and whereas the faid aft has been found to be be-h 4 G. 1.9. neficial to this kingdom; be it enafted by the Queen’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and tetnpoial and commons in Parliament aflcmbled, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid aft, and all and every claufe, article, and provifoe therein contained, to far forth as the fame concerns or relates to the incouraging of Proteftant Grangers, is hereby revived, and (hall be in full forte to all intents and purpofes, faving fuch alterations as herein after is mentioned and exprefled, for and during the term of five years from the twenty fifth day of March, which (hall be in the »	year of oar lord God one thoufand feven hundred and four,

and (hall continue to the end of the next feffions of Parliament which (hall be held in this kingdom after the determination of the faid five years.

Oaths 3 w & II. Provided always. That no perfon or perfons (hall have M. 2.	t’0	the benefit of the faid aft until he, (he, or they (hall, in dead

he taken. of the oaths of allegiance and fopremacy mentioned in the faid aft, take the feveral oaths mentioned and appointed to be taken in Ireland, by an att of Parliament made in England in the third year of the reign of the late King William and Queen Mary, intituled. An ad fer the abrogating the oath of fnpremacy in Irelandand appointing other oaths ; being in the lame form herein after mentioned, (viz.)

1 A. B. do fincerely promtfe and fwear, that 1 will he faithful and bear true allegiance to her Majefly Queen Anne.

So help my God.

/A* B. do fwear, that I do from my hearty abhor, detefly and abjure, at impious and heretical, that damnable doctrine and position, that princes excommunicated, or deprived by the Pope, or any authority of the fee of Pome, may be dtp fed or murdered by their fubjeds, or any other vubatfsever. And 1 do declare that no foreign prince, perfon, prelate., flare, or potentate, hath or ought to have any jurij:i:iion,power, juperio-rity, preeminence, or authority ecclefiaflzcal or Spiritual, within this realm.

So help me God.

And (hall alfo make and fubferibe the declaration following, (viz..)

1 A. B.

Digitized by v^ooQle

„ The fec<m4 Year of Anne.	417

/, A- B. do folemnly and fincerely, in the prefence of Godf A. ‘D. profefs, Jeftify and decidre, That I do believe, that, in the fa- 1jo$, cramenl 0} the Lord’s-Supper there is not any tranfubftantiati- Chap; 14. on of the elements of bread and wine into the body and bldod of*\***~>T*"■

C2 hr if, at or after the Cbnfe&dt ion thereofby anfperfon what-foCver; an ft, that the in vocation or adoration of the Virgin Mary, ~or any other faint. And the facrlfiee of the mafs, as they are now ufed in the church of Rome, are fuperftitious and • idolatrous. And 1 do foleninly in the prefence of God, profefs, teftify and declare, that I do make this declaration, and every part thereof, in the plain dnd'ordinary fenfe of the words read unto me', as they Are Commonly underftood by prbteftants, with-out any evafion, equivocation,’dr mental refervathn whatfcever ; and without etny difpenfation already granted me for this pur-pofe by the Pope, or any other authority or perfon whatjbever, and without any hope of difpenfation from any pefon or authority whatfoever, or without believing that 1 am, or can be acquitted before God or man, or abfolved of this declaration, or any part thereof, although the Pope or any other perfon or perfons, -or power whatfoever Jhoulddlfpenfe with> or annul the fame, or declare that it was nidi and void from the beginning.

And (hall alfo take the oath following.

I A. B; do truly andfincerely acknowledge, prcfefs, teftify, and declare in my confcience, before God and the world, That our Sovereign Lady Queen Anne is lawful and rightful Queen of this realm, and of all other her Majeftie’s dominions and countries thereunto belonging. And 1 do folemnly and fincerely declare, that 1 do believe in my confcience, that the perfon pretended to he prime of Wales, during the life of the late King James, and fence his deceaje, pretending to he, and taking upon himfef theftyle and title of, King of England, by the name of James the third, hath not any right or title whatfoever to the crown cf this realm, or any other the dominions thereunto belonging : and I do renounce, refufe, and abjure, any allegiance or obedience to him. And I do J'wear, 4 hat 1 will hear faith and true allegiance to her Majefty queen Anne, and het will defend to the utmoft of my power againft all traiterous confpiracies and attempts whatfoever, which jhall be made againft her perfon, crown, or dignity. And 1 will do my heft endeavour to djfclofe and make known to her Majefty, and her fuccejfors, all treafens and traiterous confpiracies, which I Jhall know to be againft her or any <f them. And I do faithfully promife to the utmojl of my power to fuppori, maintain, and defend the limitation and fucce/fion of the crown againft him the faid James, and all other perjons whatfoever, as the fame is arid /lands limited by an ah, intituled. An. aft declaring the rights and liberties of the fjbjcft,'and fettling the lucceflion of the ^rown, to'her prefent Majefty, atid the heirs of her body being VoL. Uf.	d	w	w ‘frotejhsnts s

Digitized by v^ooQle

4«8

A. D.

7he fecond Tear of Aloe. protcflants : and as the fame by an other aft, intituled, Att ail for the further limitation of the crown, and better fe-curing the rights and liberties of the fubjeft, is and ftands limited, after the dectafe of her Majefty, and for default of iJJ'ue of her Majefty, to the princej's Sophia, eleftorefs aid dutchefs dowager of Hano-ver, and the heirs of her body being prated ants. And all theje things 1 do plainly and fine erety acknowledge andJwear, according to thefe exprefs words by me Jpokcn, and according to the pi cun and common fenfe and under -funding of the fame words, without any equivocation, mental e vafeon, or fecret reft rnation whatfoever. And I do make this recognition, ackno'wledgment, abjuration, renunciation, and promife, heartily, willingly, and truly, upon the true faith of a Chriftian.

So help me God.

No freedom IV. Provided always, That fuch freedom in any city,

• Unger tl au re* borough, or town corporate, (hall not be of any ufe to tidence.	any	fuch alien, ftrangcr, or foreigner, nor continue longer

than while he, li e, or they (hall dwell or refide in fuch city, borough, or town corporate ; any thing in the faid aft, or this prefcr.t aft to the contrary notwichilanding.

V’. And for the greater encouragement of Protcftant Fret d from Grangers to come and refide in this kingdom: be it enaft-

cj-jporation tax-ed by t|le authority afore laid, that all nieh ftrangers, who «*« and onues n „ *	.	•	.

lor feven years *aah come and icttle in any corporation in this kingdom, Hull be freed from all manner of corporation taxes, and from being obliged to undergo any corporation olhees, that (1m!1 bring an expence along with them, for the term of fc; en years alter the is* coming into this kingdom.

CHAP. XV.

An Aft to pr:hih:t Butchers font being Graziers, and to re-dtC/s fiveral Abufis in buying and Je'ling of Cattle ; and in the f aughtering and pactung of Beef, Tallow, and Hides.

W'

HERE AS great inconveniencies happen to thiskirg-dom by butchers following the trade or occupation of graziers, and by their er.grofling cattle into their hands to fell again to ether butchers, and by buying of cattle in fairs, markets, and felling them again in the lame fair and market: for remedy whereof for the future, be it enafted by the Queen’s moll excellent Majefty, by and with the ad-vice and confcnt of the lords lpiritual and temporal and com-acrc* for cattle, mons in this prefttu Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That no perfon or perfons whatfoever from and after the firll day of May, which Ihall be in the year of our Lord God one thoufand feven hundred and ‘	’	~	four.

No butcher (halt be a grazier, or keep above twenty

Digitized by Google

Tbs fccond Tear of Anne.	'	419

Tour, being a,burcher, or ufing or exercifing the craft or A. D. my fiery of a batcher within this kingdom, (hall at the fame 1703. time ufe* follow, or exercife the trade or occupation of a Chap. i£. grazier, or fhali hold or keep any land in his or their pof-feffion, or in the poffeffion of any other to his ufe, or in truft for him, for the grazing, fatting, or keeping of any manner of oxen, fleers, ronts, cows, heifers, calves, fheep, or lambs, above the quantity of twenty acres, on pain that ns well the butcher and butchers, and fuch perfon or per- » 1 Tons fo pofTefTed, as aforefaid, fhali feverally forfeit, for every month that he or they fhali offend therein, the fum of twenty pounds fterling 5 the one moiety of which forfeiture P^ky td be to the Queen’s Majefty, her heirs and fuccefTors, the CTCry m,on * other moiety to him or them that will fue for the fame in any of her Majefly’s courts of record in Dublin by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint or information; in which no effoign, protection, or wager of law fhali be allowed, cr more than one imparlance.

II. And it is hereby further cna&ed and provided. That ™tch*f

^	•	j	r	wiMun 5 tnties

no perfon or perfons, ufing or exercifmg the trade, craft, 0f Dublin (bail

or myflery of a butcher within the city of Dublin, or with - fell fat oxen, in five miles thereof, lhall from and after the firll day of&c- to another. May next enfuing fell any fot oxen, fleers, cows, fheep, calves, or lambs, either alive or dead, to any other perfon or perfons ufmg or exercifmg the fame trade or mydery of a butcher, on pain of forfeiting double the value of all fuch oxen, fleers, cows, fheep, calves, or lambs, fo fold by him cr 15 them to any other butcher contrary to the true intent and Amended ** meaning of this flatute ; the one moiety of which forfeiture to be to the Queen’s Majefty, her heirs and fuccefTors ; the other moiety to him that will fue for the fame.

Ilf. And it is hereby further enabled and provided. That Nor feed no perfon or perfons, ufing or exercifmg the trade of a	al,OYC

butcher, fhali from and after the firft day of May, in the tcn year of our Lord God one thoufand feven hundred and four, keep at hay, or fhali feed, any oxen, fleers, cowj, or heifers above the fpace of ten dnys, on pain of forfeit-

ing aH fuch oxen, fleers, cows, or heifers, fb kept at hay, or fhali feed, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this flatute.

IV. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, anN^.**P°rc That no perfon or perfons, ufmg or exercifcng the trade of^J. a lVC ° a butchsr, fhali from and after the firft day of May next enfuing, fell, offer or expofe to fale in any market, or elfe-whcrc, either by himfelf or any fervant or agent whatfo-ever, any oxeni cows, fleers, heifers, calves, fheep, or lambs alive, to any butcher or other perfon whatever within twenty miles of the place where he or they fhali buy the laid fat oxen, fleers, cows, heifers, calves, fheep, or Iambs on pain of forfeiting the full value of all fuch oxen, fleers^'

D d 2	cowi.

Digitized by v^ooQle

No cattle

■ 9%e feccml Year of Anne.

Co\frs, heifers, calves, (heep, or lambs To fold,- offeredr6r expofed to fsde contrary to the true intent and meaning o*

*	this" ftattfte;1 the one'moiety - of “which forfeiture to be to the Queen** Majedy, her heirs and fucceffers * the other

*	moiety to him or them who will fue for the fame as afore-

faid,	...........

,	,	V.	And	it	is hereby further ena&ed by the authority

ketorfa'r eT^" a fore faid, That no per fon or perfons whatfoev^r, who fhJ poled to iaie on buy atiy manner1 of'cattle dr fheep whatfoever, io any roar-lame day. ' ket or fair in this kingdom, (hall Or may fell or expofe the " fame cattle or theep wfele again in the fame market or fair on the fahieday, on pain of forfeiting the full value of ' all fuchcattfo or‘fheep, fo fold or ex puled to fale.contrary r to the true! intent and meaning of it his» (Vatu te ; the ooe moiety of which'’forfeiture to* bo-to the Qaeen’s Ma jelly, her heiTs. and 'focdcffoTs $ the other moiety to him or them .	who will fue for the fame as aforefaid.

Offering cat-- vi- And be'it Amherena&ed by the authority afbrelaid, tlC	That if any butcher, or other perfon or perfons-whatfoever,

eAia * in any market, or fair* or elfewhere inf this kingdom,. go give or flfike ^ earrieft for any beafl or bealls, or parcel of cattle or fheep, if the perfbn that offers to (ale the faid cattle, do not after the ffriking and receiving the fcid ' earned declare that it is a bargain, and that he is content to receive and keep the faid earned, that itiha.il and may be lawful for every fuch perfon to fell the fame cattle, beaft, or fheep, to any other perfon whatfoever, that lhall afeerwards bargain with him and buy the fame, notwith-ftandingH fuch earneft remaining in his hands ; and that no matter 01* wardens of arty corporation or fraterni.y of butchers in this kingdom (hall by virtue of any bye-law,

> or pretended by-law? of their corporation or fraternity * pnniih or" fine any freeman or other perfon for buying or felling any fuch beaft, cattle, or fheep, where -earned. was laid down, and was declared to be agreed to-and accepted as earned as~ aforefaid ; and that no other magiftrate or judice of the peace whatfoever fhaU order or adjudge the feller of any fuch cattle to dand to or perform any-bargain, to which he did not declare fuch his alien: after carnetl V. ftruck or ’KricV in his halide as- aforefaid, on pain to forfeit five pounds fieri for every fuch his offence > the .one half, of this penalty lobe tofcer Majetty, her heirs and fucccl-fors, the other half to him or them that lhall fue for the fame as aforefaid.	'	*	r •

VII.	Be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That no merchant or merchants, nor any ot^er perfon cr perfons Whatfodverj ftiall from and after, ihu tweaty^fifth day of March, in the year of our i.ord one-thouiand feven hundred and four, kill or .daughter any oxen) cows, fleer*, or heifers to be ialtcd, packed, or barrelled for and by way

of

Now to kill oxen, he. for exportation wv tier live year*

•io-

Digitized by L^ooQle

Such beef la-

Each barrel to contain % cwt.

The fecond Tear of Anne, of merchandize, to be tranfported beyond the Teas, under *H<ft'age of five-years, on pain of forfeiting ofk the, fame, or the value thereof;, the ©nemoicty of which :for/eiture to be'to her Majefty, hen heirs-and fucceflTofs, the .other moiety to hkn thafc will fun for the fame as aforehid. ,.

-VH1. And be ‘it farther ena&ed by the authority afore-faid. That if any perfon or perfbnawhatfopver from and after dcn under five thm twenty fifth day of March aforefifid fit all Chip or convey.	^

or- caufe or procure to be Shipped or conveyed* in or to, any further penalty flrip, boat, or veflel, in or upon the,{lea* or in or upqn any % g. i. tfi. haven, river, creek, or place within this kingdom, any nfamver of beef falted, packed* or barrelled, that at the time of lolling; or flaugbtering thereof, -was not of the, age of five year*, knowing the fame to be under that age„ at -the* time of the killing thereof,; to the intent to .tranf-; port Or carry the fume into -any the parti beyond the leas,, there to be uttered, bartered, or fold by way of meechan-dvze'or otherwise; every fuch perfon or perfons (hall,forfeit eirapj fuch barrel of beef fo laden, thippcd,tor transported contrary to the tenor and true meaning of this a&, or the var> joe thereof; the faid forfeiture to be .repoyeped in manner and fbrrn aforefaidk

And whereas the falfe packing of beef for exportation’ is very prejudicial to the trade of this kingdom : be it therefore ensued by the authority aforefaid, That every barrel of beef, that from and after the twenty fifth of March in the year of our Lord one thousand feveji hundred, and four, which (hall be falted and packed up by any perfoni orperfons whatsoever by way of merchandize, to be tranf. ported beyond the Teas; (hall contain at the lead two hundred * Weight of neat beef, at one hundred and twelve pounds to the hundred, upon pain of forfeiture of every barrel of beef, that (hail he found packed up and ready for exportation that doth not contain, two hundred weight of neat beef, at one hundred and twelve pounds to the hundred as aforefaid, in whofe hand foever the fame is found, whether in the hands of the perfons, that falted and made up faid beef> or in the hands of the mutant,. °r any other perfon, that* fhould or might export the fame : the faid forfeiture to be recovered as -aforefaid.

3$. And he it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid,

That no butcher by himfeif or any other perjon, ihali un- begafoed. neceflarily gafh or cut any hide of any ax, ball, lleer, or cow,1 in killing or flaying thereof or , otherwife, whereby the fame ffrall be impaired- or hu^t, upon.pain of forfeiture for every hide fo gafhed ©r cut the fum of twenty pence.

XL And be it, further enatted by the authority afore-faid, That all-and every tailow-chandle^, or other pejion, to be bnaidea that melts or‘ renders ta4low for fiile, (hall from and. after 0 e r ai c *. the faid twenty-fifth day of Marph one thoufand feven hun-

..........■. dred	x

1

Hides not to

Digitized by v^ooQle

horns after ear

Heft.

Tbt fccond Year of Anne, dred and four brand every calk of tallow with the letter of his name on each cafk, and (hall alfo mark the tare of each calk upon the calk ; and if upon tryal the tare prove more than is marked on the cafk, that then the feller (ball allow and abate the buyer fix pence ter pound for each pound the tare (hall weigh'more than the fame is marked, cattle in market	And where it is very ufual for butchers in Smith-

or fair obliged	market, and the feveral other markets of this kiog-

to wait for buy- dom, to agree for cattle, and give earned for the fame to er above two the feller, and then go away and keep the feller waiting the whole day, and many times to the next day, before they come to pay the money for the faid cattle, and take them away to the great damage of the feller : for remedy whereof be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That no perfon or perfons whatfoever, that fells any beads, (heep, lambs, hogs, or any other fort of cattle whatfoever in Smith field market, or in any other market or fair in this kingdom, (hall be obliged to wait for or attend the buyer of fucb cattle above the fpace of two hours after fuch earned given as aforefaid ; and that in cafe the buyer does not come and pay down the full price agreed for, and receive the cattle fold him within the fpace of two hours after fuch bargain made and earned given as aforefaid, that then the (aid buyer (hall lofe and forfeit the earned he fo gave, and that then it (hall and may be lawful to and for the feller of fuch cattle to expofe the fame to fale again, and to fell -the faid beads and cattle to any other perfon whatfoever, and to If not fold bt kccP aforefaid earned ; and where the feller of fuch j-eafon thereof,	or cattle	(hall not, by reafon of	the earned given	and

damages and *	bargain made	as aforefaid, fell	fuch	bead or cattle to	any

full cods by aAi- other perfon in the faid market, and every fuch perfon tQ cn-	contra&ing to fell, (hall and may by a&ion on the cafe re-

cover his damages for the lofs of his market, and fuch other lofs as he (hall fuftain thereby, with his full cods of fuit.

. xrn. And for the more fpcedy and effe&ual putting this peace to^nquire *n execution in and through this whole kingdom, be it at feffions, and further cna&ed by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall on convi&ion	and may be	lawful to and	for	the judices of	the

peace of the	feveral counties	of this kingdqm refpec-

tively at and in their refpe&ive quarter feffions to inquire into, hear, and determine all and every the offences aforefaid, and upon the convi&ion or convidlipns of fuch offen* der* before them, to make extracts of the one moyety of ^	forfeitures into her Majefty's court of Exchequer,

donfortIwoAcr in order to levy the fame to her Majefty’s ufe, in fuch to jnformer by manner as had been ufed to be done in cafe of other fines, iflues, and amercements grown due and forfeited to her Ma-jedy in the feffions of the peace, and to award and iiJue forth execution for the other moyety due by this a A to the

informer

6

edreat, &c.

and iiTue execu-

capiat or Juri

Digitized by v^ooQle

Ybe fecond Year of Anne.	423

informer or profecutor, by writs of capias or fieri facias out A. D. of the faid court of feflions, in fuch fort as the couft of 1703. Queen’s Bench at Dublin can, may, or have in fuch cafes Chap. 1 tiled to do.	v——

XIV.	Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby declared, Profecution in That no perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall at any time fix months, hereafter be fued, troubled, or molefted for any offence or

offences done or committed, or fuppofed to be done or committed, againft this aft, unlefs luch profecution (hall be begun within fix kalendar months next after the faid offence or offences committed.

XV.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore-

laid, for the preventing of vexatious informations and pio- Treble cofts locutions by colour of this aft. That if upon any in forma- on Yc*at.,ou# tion, or other profecution grounded upon this aft, it (hall P,oecutwm* appear to the judges or ju dices of the peace, before whom fuch information (hall be prefented, that fuch information or profecution was promoted only for vexation, and without any reafonable caufe, the faid judges or juftices of the peace (nail and are hereby required by virtue of this aft to award the party, fo unjuftly acculcd or profecuted, treble coils occafioned by fuch vexatious profecution ; the fame to be recovered and levied by capias or fierifacias.

XVI.	And be it further enafted hy the authority afore-

faid, "That if any Englilh information or bill mall be Anfwcrson

brought againft any perfon or perfons offending contrary to oath »

the tenor of this aft, that then every fuch perfon or

perfons againft whom fuch bill or information (hall be

exhibited, (hall put in his or their anfwer or anfwcrs

to fuch information or bill, fo exhibited againft him or

them, on his and their corporal oath and oaths;

and that no plea or demurrer unto fuch information (hall

in any wife be allowed in refpeft of the penalty of this aft,	,

which fuch anfwer or anfwers may fubjeft fuch perfon or to^enaky!^

perfons unto.	•

XVII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforc-

faid. That if any aftion. fute, plaint, or information (hall	*

be commenced or profecuted againft any perfon or perfons for whatever he or they (hall do in purfuance or in execution of this aft, fuch parfon or perfons fo fued in any . court whatfoever, (hall and may plead the general ifl’ue, ^nera * U° not guilty; and upon any i/Tue joined, may give this aft and the Ipecial matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff or profecutor (hall become nonfuit, or forbear further profecution, or fuffer a difcontinuance, or if a verdift fhall pafs againft him, the faid defendant or defendants (had recover his or their treble cods ; for which he and tncy (hall have the like remedy, as in cafe where cofts by law are given to the defendants,

XVIII.

I

Digitized by

424	^	The	fecond	Year df Anne. ^

A. D, XVIII. Provided always, X^at thi$ ad ih3f Ve^aoc!

1703. cornmiie. in force for the fpace of fevea, years from the . K^**~v~***J firft day of February one thoufand feven hundred amt 9 Amn* 7. m*U three ; and from .thence tQ the end of the rifext fcffibns of ' fcrpctual. Parliament, and no longer.

C H A P. xvn.

An A3 to fupply the Defers of an Aft pafi in the Seventh Year of the late King William, intituled, An Ad for the better regulating of Meafures in and throu^oqt this’ Kingdom.

Recital of T VVhE R E A S in the feventh year of the late King* 7 W, 3. 24. \y William the third, an ,ad of Parliament was pal in this kingdom for regulating the meafures of grain, intituled, An A3 for the better regulating'of meafures in and throughout this kingdom; which faid ad has not met with that good effed as by the fqme was intended ; for that the penalty mentioned in the fame is equal upon the feller as x on the buyer,. fo that none can inform without apparent prejudice to himfelf, and that bakers, malfters, and other* dealers in corn, do imploy indigent and infolvent perfohsj to buy and meafure corn and grain by other meafures contrary to the laid ftatute, who are not able to. anfwer the penalty of the faid ad : for remedy whereof, be it enaded*1 by the Queen’s moil excellent Majefty, by and with the ad-infllded^nly* v*ca ^ confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and" on the buyer, commons in this prefent Parliament affembled , and by the authority of the fame. That the penalty mentioned in the. If perfons not aforefaid ad (hall in no cafe be in Aided on the feller, bqt on emDlo° ed^tluT l*ic buyer; and that in cafe any baker, malftef, or dealer employer liable. m corD» Andl imploy any fuch indigent and infolvent perfon or perfons, who (hall not be able as aforefaid to anfwer the penalty of the faid ad, to buy, receive or meafure any corn 2 G	or grain for them, by any other pieafure than as is expreff-

©W by whit 2	*>y	t^ie	a&	*	that ^en Party or parties imploy-

Miy. * ing fuch receiver, buyer, or meafurer, (hall be liable to the penalty mentioned in the aforefaid ad.

The

"V.

Digitized by i^.ooQle

f%t -footth- Tear’of-Anne. •

The Fourth'Year of ANNE;-J	CHAP.	II.

AH' A3- tv explicit and -amend en Aft, intituled, Act A3 '

for rcgijifing the popifb Clergy.

\TjHfikEA9 twb a&s'1 lately toade forhaniihuigtall re^	.

W1 gulart of the poprfh clergy out *of this kingdom, | ^ j l and* to’pfe^ent pobifh priefts from toming4nto the fame, as a 7’ al fd 6n£'other aft*, intituled, j/* aft for regiftfring tbr pofiflo not extending clergy;, may ‘be *whdly tdiidedi and by means thereof future pridb or-rebdlioni Triay be -endouraged and promoted, by the1 great ®nce* ndiirbers bf *p6jfrifH>prieifts, that already have bfeen, or here* after may bej ordimed' iri this* kingdom by the authority of :the chtitbhM of'Rbihe,- in regard the aforefaid a6U do not' extend1 to fiich^ptfrfdhs, as have been or may * be Orel itoed pOpifh pripfts fihcc the expiFattenof 'thfc* time ap* pointed by* thfe* fd?d°aflr'for regiftring the popiih clergy at afotefiid \ fir reihedy whereof* be it ena&fed by the Queen’s * excellent Majefty; by* and with the advice and coie fent of thiioVds fpfritua! and- temporal and* comment in this prefent Parliament aiTeipbled, and by the authority of the fame. That if any popiih priefTorpriefts, or perfon what- fWftpridU foevpr exercifing the office or function of a popiih prieft, not regiftered tealh after thfe* four atuF twentieth day of J Une in the year liable to penal-of our Lord one thoufand fev’en hundred and five be found tiet in 9 W. 3. in this kingdom, other than fuch priefts who have a&ually regiftfcrbd their' nafches in puriuance of tho aforefaid aft, ptedfe1 for regiftrirrg the popiih clergy at aforefaid, fhjilbo, and afe hereby declared* to be, liable to fuch penalties, forfeitures, and pimiffin^etttsi as by the aforefaid a&, made fbr bariHhhig: allpataftr etfercifini* any ecelefiafU(»d; jurifdic-tiotl arid all1 regularr of {He pdplw clergy out bf this kingdom, are impofed' ort popiih archb’dhope, hi (hops, vkars general, dOams, jefuits, fryers, or any other papifh exercifing any ecclefialHcul jarifdi&fon, who fkall come into this kingddm* contrary to the feid a£L

II And bfe it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid.

That arty perfon or perfons, who fhail after the faid four ac^fabktTDe-artd twentieth day of Jimfe knowingly harbour, relieve, con- naltie* ” ce'al, or entertain any fueftr clergyman of the popiih religion, or orher perfon or perfons exercifing the office or fua&km of i popiih prieft as aforefiridl, and hot regiftered at aforefaid, fhail be liable to fach penalties and forfeitures, as by the faid afts-are impofed on the harbourers, reUevtrs, and con. ceiled of any popiih archbi&opj bifoop, vicar general,

dean.

c* I •

Digitized by v^-ooQle

^ 26	The fourth Tear of Anne.

A. D. dean, jefult, fryer, or regular popifh clergyman, to be, 1705.	levied on them,* and every of them, in the fame manner

V #•—as by the faici adl is dire&ed: and all judices of the peace, Jufticcs, and (heriffs, high and petty conftables, and all other her Majef-fubieds, to ap- ty’s loving fubjedts, are hereby required to ufe their utxnoffc prcbrad^urhas diligence jn apprehending all fuch popifh priefts, and other *“*,ep r ’ perlon or pcrfons exercifing the office or fun&ion of a popifh Penalty on	as	aforefaid, and not regiflered as aforefaid.

officert r.cgicd-	IV. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

ing, job That if any mayor, juftice of the peace, or other officer, knowingly and voluntarily {hall negledt his or their duty in execution of this a cl, every fuch mayor, juftice of the peace, and other officer (hall for every fuch neglect forfeit the fum of fifty pounds; to be recovered by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no protedlion, effoin, or wager of law, fhall be allowed, nor more than one imparlance; one moiety thereof to the Queen’s Majeity, her heirs and fucceflfors, and the other moiety to the informer, or perfon that fhall fue for S Anne 3. the fame : this a& to continue in force to the one and twen-vtad* perfutual. tieth day of September which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and eight, and to the end of the then next fefiions of Parliament, and no longer.

CHAP. V.

An Ad for Relief of Creditors againjl fraudulent Devices.

WHEREAS it is not reafonable or juft, that by the . pradlice or contrivance of any debtors their creditors fhould be defrauded of their juft debts ; and neverthe-lefs it hath often fo happened, that where feveral per-fons, having by bonds or other fpecialties bound themfelves and their heirs, and have afteiwards died feized in fee-Ample of and in mannors, mefluages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, or had power or authority to difpofe of or charge the fame by their wills or teftaments, have (to the defrauding of fuch their creditors by their laft will or tef-tament) devifed the fame, or difpofed thereof in fuch manner as fuch creditors have loft their faid debts: for remedy Wills, difpo- 0f which, and for the maintenance of juft and upright deal-fltions and ap- j fo. jt €nafted anj declared by the Queen’s moft ex-iands,mt5 cN of cellent Majefty, by and with the advice a[nd confentof the which divifor lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent lazed in fee, parliament afTembled, and by authority of the fame. That void as again ft aj| Wjlls and teftaments, limitations, difpofitions, or apppint-bond^rVpcci- mcms or concerning any mannors, roeffuages, lands, leaky,	nements,

Digitized by CjOOQle

. The fourth Ytar of Anne. fitments, or hereditaments, or of any rent, profit, term, or charge out of the fame, whereof any perfon or pcr-fons at the time of his, her, or their deceafe (hall be feized in fee-fimple, in poffcfiion, reversion, or remainder, or have power to difpofe of the fame by his, her, or their la ft wills or teftaments, to be made after the firft day of Auguft in the year of our Lord one thoufapd feven hundred and five,

111 all be deemed and taken (only as againft fuch creditor or creditors as aforefaid, his, her, and their heirs, fucceflors, executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, and every of them) to be fradplenr, and clearly, abfolutcly, and utterly void* frullrate, and of none effect ; any pretence, colour, feigned or prefumed confideration, or any other matter or thing, to the contrary notwithftanding.

. II. And for the means that fuch creditors may be enabled to recover their faid debts; be it further enabled by tort may have the authority aforefaid. That in the cafes before mentioned Debt againft every fuch creditor (hall and may have and maintain his, J?c*rf <****• hjer, and their a&ion and attions of debt upon his, her, and lets# their faid bonds and fpecialties, againft the heir and heirs ax law of fuch obligor or obligors, and fuch devifee or de-vifees jointly, by virtue of this afl; and fuch devifee or de-vifees (hall be liable and chargeable for a falfe plea, by him op them pleaded, in the fame manner as any heir ihould have been for any falfe plea by him pleaded, or for not confcffing the lands pr tenements to him defeended.

III.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed by the autho- Devife* for r»ty aforefaid. That where there hath been or (hall be any payment of j*ft limitation or appointment, devife, or difpofition of or con- debt* or chil-cerning any manors, mefiuages, lands, tenements or he- dren’» portions, reditaments, for the raifing or payment of any real or

juft debt or debts, or any portion or portions, fum or fums of money, for any child or children cf any perfon, other than the heir at law, according to or in purluance cf any marriage contrail, or agreement in writing, bona fde made before fuch marriage, the fame, and eve ly of them, (hall |>e in full force; and the fame mannors, mrfluages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments (hall and may be holden and enjoyed by every fuch perfon or perfons, his, her, and their heirs, executors, adminiilrators, and aftigns, for whom the faid limitation, appointment, devife, ar difpofition was made; and by his, her, and the«r iruitee or tiufti.es, his, her, and their heirs, executors, adininiilr. u rs, andafiigus, for fuch eftate or intcrcft as (hall be fo limited or appointed, deviled, or difpofed, untill fuch debt or debts, portion or portions (hall be raifed, paid, and fatisfied ; any thing in this a£t contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV.	And whereas feveral perfons, being heirs at law, to

?vcid the payment of fuch juft debts, as in the regard of l)ep,^c^a^ion,1,^ jhe lands, tenements, or hereditaments defeending to them, anfwerake to

ti»ey value.

A. D.

*7<>S-Chap. $.

Such credi-

Digitized by LjOOQle

AH creditors preferred as in a&ions againft

SatiagMt

aliened before idioo.

Ifoo ru

iifent pl< judgment for plaintiff, jury (Kali inquire the yalne.

Derifce chargeable, as the heir.

Ybe fourth Year of Anne, they, h^ve by law been liable to pay^, have fold, aliened, or made over fuch lands, tenements, or h'ereditimentt, before any procefs was or could be iffued oat againft them ;* belt further enadedby the authority aforefaid. That in all cafes, where any heir at law (hall be liable to pay the debt of his anccftor, in regard of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments descending to him, and (hall fell, alien, or make over the fame befbre any adion brought/ or procefs fued out againft him; that fuch heir at law (hall be anfwerable for fuch debt or debts, in any adlion or acr tions of debt, to the value of the faid land fo by him fold, aliened, or made over; in which cafes all creditors (hall be preferred, as in a&ions again (I executors and adminiftra- * tors : and fuch execution (halt be taken out upon any judgment or judgments, fo obtained againft fuch heir to the value of jthe faid land, as if the fame were his own proper debt Or debts; faring that the lands, tenements, and hereditaments," bona fide aliened before the aftion brought, (hall not be liable to fuch execution.	'	'	'

V. Provided always, and be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That where any a&ion of debt Upon' any#fpecialty is brought againft any heir, he may plead* riots per difeent at the time of the origihal writ brought/ or the tall, (fled againft him 5 any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftahdtiig: and the plaintiff in fuch' action may reply, that he had lands, tenerf^ehts, br hereditaments, from his anceftors before the* original writ brought, or bill filed; and if uporfiffue joined thereupon it be found, for the plaintiff the jilry ftiall inquire bf the value of the lands, tenements, or hereditaments fb defbend^ ^d, and thereupon judgment ftjall be given/ and execution (hall be awarded, as aforefaid; but if judgment be given againft fuch heir by confeffion of the action, without confeflW the affets defeended, or up6n demurrer, or mbit die it, it (hall be for the debt and damage? without any Writ to inquire of the lands, tenements, cor hereditaments id defeended. '*	1

VI- Provided alfo, and be it further enafted. That all and every devifee and devifees, made liable by this aft, fhall be liable and chargeable in the' fame mannet as the heir at law by force of this aft, notwithftanding the lands; tenements, and hereditaments to him or them deviled ftial^ he aliened before t^e addon brought.'

CHAP,

Digitized by CjOoq le

The fourth Year of Anne,

CHAP. VJI.

An Aft for lejfening the Duty of Rape-feed to he exported.

WHEREAS it is found by experience, that the planting of rape-feed contributes very much to the improvement of the unprofitable * and boggy parts of this kingdom ; and that the great duty laid on rape-feed exported is a great difeouragement to the planting or foxing the fame : for remedy thereof, be it enabled by the'Queen’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpirituaf and temporal and commons in this prefept Parliament affembled, ^nd by the authority of the lame, That from and after the firft day of June in the year of our Lord God qne thoufand feven hundred and five, thei;e (hall be paid to her Majefty, her h^irs and fucceffors, for rape-feed to be exported the duties following, and no other; (tfiat is to fay} for every quarter of rape-feed containing eight bufhels in the quarter, to be exported out of Only 6d. mf-this kingdom from and after the faid firft day of Jurfe ip tom to he paid the year of our Lord God one thoufand feven hundred and five, the fum of fix pence for cuftom, and no more ; arid fo^1*0* proportionably for a greater or leffer quantity,

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That no more duty be Fom. taken for any rape-oyle made in this kingdom, which ihall ^ tun fa after the faid firft day of June be exported out of this oil, kingdom, than four Shillings per tun ; and fo pro rata.

111.	And be it further enacted. That all and fmgulaf the duties $md fpm$, by this ad direded to be paid and taken*	14

ihall be paid, colleded* levied* and received by the Tamea	**

, perfons, and by fuch ways and means, and in the fame manner, and under fufrh penalties, provifoes, reftridSons, and Regulations, as in and by one ad made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of his late Majefty King Charles the fecond, entitled, An Aft for fMing the fubfiHy of poundage, and granting a fubfedy of tunnage and other films of money unto his royal Majefty, bis heirs and fucceffors ; the^ fame to be paid upon merchandizes imported and exported into or out of this king dory, according to a book of rates hereunto annexed, are direded apd appointed for the paying, colleding, levy-’ ing, and receiving the duties fettled and granted by the , faid ad.

IV.	Provided always. That this ad (hall continue and 6 a*o*\i remain in force for three years, to commence and b^ madt'perpetual. computed from the faid firft day of June one thoufand feven hundred and five, and until the end of the nexfTeffion of Parliament next after thd expiration of the faid three years, and no longer,

CHAP.

‘4*9 A. to.

tyoj.

Digitized by CjOOQle

The fourth Tear of Anne.

CHAP. VIIL

An A3 to regulate the taking and txaft'.ng Tolls throughout this Kingdom ; and to prevent engroffing Coals in 'the City of Dublin*

No toll for cattle or merchandizes car-ii.d into any pht e where not Ibid, cr>n-fun.ed or Hau^h* uicJ.

But where carried over any bridge where toll may Ictaken.

Cattle unfold may be carried away without toll.

Penalty for demanding toll contrary to this aA.

WHEREAS the exa&ing and recemag toll for any fort of goods or cattle droven or carried thcoagii a >y city, corporation, market-town, or other place, within this realm, where iuch city, corporate or market-town »r their own coils and charges do not keep op and repair fome publick bridge cr bridges, over which fuch goods or catde (hall be droven or carried, w greatly prejudicial to the fubjeeb of this realm, and a difeouragement to trade in general : for remedy whereof, be it enaded by the Queer:’* moft excellent Majedy, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prcfc. t Parliament alTcmbled, and by the authority of the farn*\ That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and five, no tel! thall be demanded or received by any body politick or corporate, or other perfon or perfons, tor any cattle, goods, or merchandizes whatfoever, that fhall be droven or curried into or through any city, borough, market town, or other place where the fame fhall not be fold, confumcd, or flaughtered.

II.	Provided always. That where any perfon cr perfrns. Or bodies politick, heretofore lawfully could demand ur take any toll for any cattle or other goods driven or carried over any bridge or bridges for or in refpedt of fuch perfon or perfons, or body politick being obliged at his or their own cods and charges, and not at the colb and charges of any county, county of a city, or county of a town, to keep fuch bridge or bridges in repair; that in fuch cafe fuch perfon or perfons, or body politick, may receive and take fuch reafonable toll for fuch cattle or goods driven or carried over fuch bridges, as he or they might have done by law before the palling this aft, and not other&ife.

111.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That in all cafes where any cattle (hall remain unfold at any fair or market, that it fhall be lawful for the owner* or drivers thereof to cany away fuch cattle a* fhall remain unfold, without paying any toll whatfoever for the fame.

IV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe any body politick or corporate, or other perfon or cerfons whatfoever, fhall prefumc to take, demand, or colledl any toll contrary to this a& ; that every fuch offender fhall forfeit for the firlt offence the fum of ten (hillings, to

be

Digitized by Google

Penalty on

7he fourth Year of Anne, be demanded before a juftice of the peace within fix days after fuch offence committed, and for the fecond and every other offence, after con vision, the fum of five pounds, to be demanded alfo within the time aforefaid ; one ipoiety thereof to the party injured, and the other moiety to the ufe of the poor of the parilh, wherein fuch offence (hall be committed; to be recovered by diftrefs and fale of the offenders goods, on convidlion before any one or more juftice of the peace of the county, wherein fuch offence (hall be committed, by confeflion of the party offending, or by oath of two credible witneffes to be taken before fuch juftice of the peace, who is hereby impowered and required to ad-minifter fuch oath, and to heir and determine fuch complaint : and in cafe any juftice of the peace, who is hereby impowered and required to adminifter fuch oath, and to hear and determiue fuch complaint: and in cafe any juftice of the peace, to whom fuch complaints fhall be made as juftice ncglcdt-aforefaid, fhali refufe or wilfully negledt to put this ad in »ng, zcl. execution according to the rrue intent and meaning thereof, everjf fuch juftice of the peace (hull for every fuch neglcd or refufal forfeit the fum of twenty pounds; the one moiety thereof to be to her Majefty, her heirs and fuccelfors, and the other moiety to the party grieved ; to be recovered by bill, plaint, or information, in any of her Majefty’s courts of record; in which no efloign, privilege, or protpdion, nor any more than one imparlance lhall be allowed.

V.	And for preventing all frauds and deceits that may be committed by fuch peribns, who lhall drive or carry away cattle, goods, or merchandize into any city, borough, or town corporate, and fhall there refufe to pay the accuf-tomed toll, under pretence that fuch cattle, goods, or merchandizes are only to be droven through fuch city, borough, or town corporate, and lhall after fell or difpol'e of all or any part 6f fuch cattle, goods, or merchandizes in fuch city, borough, or town corporate ; be it eha&ed by the authority aforefaid. That every fuch perfon or perfons, who (hall offend therein, lhall for the firft offence forfeit ten (hillings, being duly convidted thereof before any one juftice of the peace or chief migiftrateof fuch city, town, or borough, wherein fur.hoffence ihall be committed ; and for every fecond and other offence, that lhall be committed after fiich convidtion as aforefaid, the party fo offending (hall forfeit the fum of five pounds, to be recovered and levied as aforefaid.

VI.	And whereas the prices of coals have hitherto been anreafonably inhanced, not only by a fraudulent pradticc ufed by the owners of gabbarts and lighters, who by combination with the mailers of coal Ihips keep and detain

great

Penalty on refuting toll on pretence.

Price of coals.

Digitized by t^ooQle

CmI gabbards.

Coal yards and cellars.

Penalty on refufing ci- * trance, or not' obeying dire&i-ona, $1

*fb* fomttb Tear of Anne.

Sent quantities of coals in inch gabhart# and .lighter^ till t prices of fuch coals ate; advanced ; batalfo. by ky^ral perfons buying op and engrofimg great quantities of ^oals, and afterwards felting the fame afc'eaecffivc..rates, to. the great prejudice of the .poor in. the .laid city ; for remedy whereof, and for the better preventing ,the foroe or .the Tike evil pradice* for the future^ be itena&ed bythe authority aforefaid, That no owner ok beeper, of any .gab-bart or lighter within the port of Dublin fhall	on

board his or their gabbarts or/lighters any coals for pnf longer rime than right days at fenhefo; and .that every focb owner ormafter of fach gabbarts *r< lighters fhaU hire out the lame by the day, and not by, the month, or in (any other manner /than as aforefaid, tinder, the penalty of forfeiting for every fuck offiucethe fum* of forty foUJingi, to be recovered before: the lord mayor of the, city of Dublin for the time being, on oonvi&ion of the party offending by the oath of one or more credible witnefies j one rackety thereof to the informer, the other moiety to the poor oft hi pariih, where fooh offence {hall be committed; the fame to be levied by fale and diftrris of the offender’s goods, by, the warrant of the lord mayor of the fakL city for the. time bring.

VII,	And for the more effe&aal fuppreffing the fraudulent pra&ices afordaid; be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the lord mayor of the faid city to caufe all dr any of the gabbarts, that foal) be laden with coals, to be opened .and brought up to the public quay, there to be fold at the faired price that can be had for fuch coals. f VII I. 'And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That it* (hall and may be lawful to and for the Jord mayor, recorder, "and fix fenior aldermen of the city of Dublin, and the minifter and church-wardens of the parifh where the faid cooh are, or any foar of them, whereof the lord mayor, recorder, or one of the faid aldermen to be one, at any rime of the day as► they lhall think convenient, to enter and go into the cellars, fierce-houfes, yards, or other places, whore- any perfociior perfons have bought or laid up, or (half at ary time hereafter buy or lay up, any quantities of coals, in-order to be pdt to fale by, retailor otherwife, and to-view the fame; and to order and dire& the fame to be oxpofed to fitlc at fuch rates and prices, as they or the major part of them (half think fit and convenient.

IX. And fer the - more effectual, execution«thereof, be it enfi&ad by the*authority aforefaid# That if ajiy perfon or perfotls What foe ver {hall refufe-esxtfance, ior not .obey the orders and directions of the faid lord mayor, and recorder# and aldermen, minlftcr, and church-wardens, or ary fuch

four

Digitized by

The fourth Tear of Anne.	43$

fcmr of them, in and about the premises as afore Paid, foch A. D, perfon or perfons lhali forfeit for every fuch offence the fum 17051.

®f five pounds; the one moiety to the poor of the pariih, where the offence fhall be committed, the other moiety to the pvofectttor ; to be recovered before the faid lord mayor, recorder, or any two junices of the peace of the faid city, m the prefence of the party, or in his abfence, he being1 firft duiy fonmioned to appear: and in cafe any perfon or perfons (hail refute to ieH fuch coals at the rates thereon for by the lord mayor, recorder, and judices of the peace, op the major part of them, then fuch coals fhall be fold at the food rates by fuch perfon or perfons as the lord mayor,	*

recorder, and joftices, or the major part of them, fhall appoint ; the money to be paid to the owner of fuch coals, or in his abfeace to thofe impowered by him; which fale fhall5 be good and efFeftual in the law to all intents and purposes whartfoever.	*

X. Provided neverthelefs. That if any perfon or perfons Appeal.

Stall think him or themfelves aggrieved by the price of coals to be fet as aforefaid, he or they may appeal to the chief governor or governors and council of tins kingdom	i*

fbr the time being, who are hereby impowered fully and effeftually to redrefs the fame as they fhall think fit. This	X^Lt

aft to continue in force for five years, and from thence to ***? the end of the then next fefioa of Parliament and no longer.

CHAP. X.

An Aft to prevent Fees being taken in certain Cafes•

T X 7HEREA& divers of her Majefty’s fobjefts are fre- ^

VV quently vexed and opprefied by rich, powerful and bills of indiX malicious perfons, who to compafs their own private ends ment returned ' and deftgoa, and more for the fake of revenge than jufUce, do ufuaily prefer bills of indiftment agahtft poor and inno- *	2‘**	,

cent perfons; and. although fuch profocutions are mahcioo*‘'*,P crHt-sorc • and groundless, and fuch bills of indiftment returned ignoramus by the refpe&ive grand juries, yet neverthelefs great ires have been and are ofually taken from the perfons in-difted, to the utter ruin of fome of them, and the im-povenfhment of others: for remedy whereof, be it enafted by the Queen’s mod excellent Majcfty, by and wkh the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and the commons in this prefect Parliament aflerablcd, and by the authority of the fame. That after the firft day of June ia the year of our Lord one thoufead feven hundred and five, no fee oar fees, font or fums of money, fhaU be demanded or received from, any perfon or perfons, againfo whom any bill of indiftment fhall be preferred and returned Vol. il.	E e	ignoramus

Digitized by f^ooQle

43*

A. D.

Penalty aoj.

Exception.

The fourth Tear of Anne. ignoramus by the grand jury, for drawing or ingrofling of fuch bill of indictment, or for the juries verdiCt of igno~ ramus thereon; and if any fheriff, fub-ftieriff, clerk of the crown or peace, judges clerk, or any other perfon whatfoever, (hall after the firft day of June demand, receive, or take from any perfon, againd whom any bill or bills of indiClment (hall be preferred, on which an ignoramus (hall be found, or from any other on his or her behalf, any fum or fums of money, or other reward, for the drawing or ingroffing fuch indiCiment, or for fuch verdiCt of ignoramus, every fuch perfon fo offending fhall for every fuch Offence forfeit the fum of twenty pounds; the one moiety thereof to be to our fovereign Lady the Queen’s Majeftv,’ her heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him or them that fhall or will fue for the fyme in any of her Ma-jefty’s Four courts in Dublin, or other of her Majeffy’s courts of record within their refpe&ive limits, by bill* plaint, or information, in which no effoign, wager of law, or protection, or any more than one imparlance, ihail bo allowed.

II.	Provided neverthelefs. That nothing herein con-, tained fhall extend to any indictments of or for any treafon, mifprifion of treafon, felony, or premuiure.

CHAP. XL

' An A8 againft Horfe-ftealing, and to prevent the buying and felling of ftoleu' Horfet: and for punijbing all Ac-cejfaries to Felons.

Place and TT^OR Preventing horfe dealing, which is now grown fo tpanncr in which 1? common, as neither in padures or clofures, nor hardly horfcsfold or	in dables, the fame are fafe from dealing; which is ecca-

exchangcd,	fioned by the ready buying of the fame by feveral perfons

in open fairs or markets far didant from the owner, and with fuch fpeed, as the owner cannot by purfuit poffibly help the fame: for remedy whereof be it enaCted by the Queen’s mod excellent Majedy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the proprietor, farmer/ or chief keeper of every fair $nd market overt within this realm, (hall before the twenty fifth day of December one thoufand (even hundred and five, and fo yearly appoint and limit out a particular and certain open place wdthin the town, place, field, or circuit, where horfcs, mares, geldings, colts and filleys have been or ihail be ufed to be fold in any fair or market overt, in which faid particular and certain open place aforefaid there fhall be by the proprietor, farmer, or

Digitized by v^ooQle

Penalty 20a. All parties

Horfe produ*

The fourth Tear of Anne, keeper of the faid fair or market, put in and appointed one fufficient perfon or perfons to takes toll, and keep the fame place from ten of the clock before noon until fun-fet every day of the aforefaid fair and market, to enter the fale, gift, or exchange 6f every horfe, mare, gelding, cold, or alley fold, exchanged, or pad away in every of the faid fairs or markets, upon pain to loofe and forfeit for every default the fum of twenty (hillings; and that on the bargain, exchange, gift, contra#, or putting away of every fuch horfe, mare, prefent. gelding, colt or filley fo fold, exchanged, or put away in any fair or market as aforefaid within this realm, all the parties making the bargain, exchange, gift, contra#, or putting away of every fuch horfe, mare, gelding, colt or fillev, (hall be prefent; and alfo the fame horfe, mare, gelaing, colt, or filley, fo fold, exchanged, given, or put ccd* away, (hall be produced before fuch perfon, fo deputed and appointed as aforefaid ; and when they are all prefent, and not before, fuch book-keeper, toll-keeper, or other perfon. Toll-keeper fhall write, or caufe to be written in a book, to be kept for to enter in a that purpofe, the names, fir-names, and dwelling-places of thcir all the faid parties, and the colour, with one fpecial mark namc> *c# at lead, of every fuch horfe, mare, gelding, colt, or filley, on pain to forfeit at and for every default contrary to the tenor hereof twenty (hillings; and that the faid perfon or perfons, fo deputed or appointed to be keeper of the faid book, fhall, within one aay next after every fuch fair or market, bring and deliver his faid book to the proprietor, farmer, or chief keeper of the faid fair or market,	acuver-

who fhall then caufe a note to be made of the true num- cdt^roprirtor ber of all horfes, mares, geldings, colts and filleys, fold, &€.	*

exchanged, given, or put away at the faid market or fair, and fhall there fubferibe his name, or fet his mark thereunto, on pain on every default therein to forfeit twenty (hillings.

II. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, . Sale »t market That the fale, gift, exchange, or putting away, after the overt of a horfe twenty fifth day of December one thoufand feven hundred f*°kn. and five, in any fair or market overt, of any horfe, mare, gelding, colt, or filley, that is or (hall be ffolen or felonioufly taken away from' any perfon or perfons, fhall not alter, take away, or Change the property of any-perfon or perfons to or in any fuch horfe, mare, gelding, colt, or filley fhall be in the time of the faid fair or market, wherein the fame

Penalty 20s.

Book deliver-

Penalty 20s.

(hall be fo fold, given, exchanged, or put away, openly ridden, led, walked, driven, or kept (landing by the fpace of one hour together at the lead, betwixt ten of the clock in the morning and the fun-fetting, in the open place of the fairor market, wherein horfes are commonly ufed to be (old and not within any houfe, yard, back-fide, or other <	£	c	2	private

\

Digitized by LjOOQle

4S$	The	forth	Teem	of	Apne*

A. D. private Qr fecret place ; and unlefs aH the parties making 1705. the contract, bargain, gift,, or exchange in the faid fair Of Chap. 11. market, (ball alfo come together before fueh book-keeper, and alfo bring the ho;fe, mare, gelding, colt, or filley fi> fold, exchanged, given, or put away, at the fame time before fuch book-keeper as aforefaid, to the open place appointed for the book-keeper, and there enter or caufa to be entered their chriftian names, fir-names, dwelling-places, in manner aforefaid; with the colour or colours, and one fpecial mark at the lead, of every the fame borfes, mares, geldings, colts, or filleys, in the keeper’s book for that purpofe, as is aforefaid : and that no perfon after the faid Horfa* not to twenty-fifth day of December one thoufand feven hundred ^vc> in any ^ ox m^r^ct give, exchange, or market1 trua °r Put away borfe^ mare, gelding, colt, or fil]ey, on-mi herein.’ lefs l^e book-keeper, or chief officer of the fame market ot fair, (hall and will take upon him perfect knowledge of the perfon that fo (hall fell or offer to fall, give, or exchange any horfa, mare, gelding, colt, or filley., and of his trne chriftian name, fir-name, and place of dwelling or refi-dence; and (hall enter all the fame his knowledge m a book there kept for fale of horfas ; or elfa, that he fo falling or offering to fall, give, exchange, or put away any horfe, mare, gelding, colt,, or. filley, (hall bring to the book^ keeper one fqfficient and credible perfon that can, thali and will teftify and declare unto.and Wore fuch book-keeper, that he kpoweth the party that fo falletk, givetb, er-changetb, or putfetb away inch horfa, mare, gelding, colt, or filley 1 and his true name, fin-name, my fiery, and dwelling-place; and there enter, or caufa to be entered in fuch book as well the true chrifiian name, fir-name myftery, and place of abode, dwelling, or rcfidence of him, who fo. fellcth, jjveth, exchangeth, or putteth away fuch horfa, mare, gelding, colt, or filley, as of him wfip. fo (ball teftify or avouch his knowledge of the fame perfon; and (hall alfo enter the very true price or value, that he (hall have for the fame horfa* mare, gelding, colt, or filley; and that no book-keeper, or other Book-keeper perfon employed in that farvice, (hall enter any fale, gift, 10 enter no .ale, exchange,, or putting away of any horfa, mare, gelding, nnlei* he know* colt, or filley, unlcfs he knoweth the party who fb falleth, feller or Toucher, gjvet}^ exchangeth, ox putteth away fuch horfa, mare, c*	gelding, colt, or filley, and his true chriftian name, fir-

name, myftery, or'place of his dwelling or refidence, or the pariy, who (hall fo juftifie and avouch, as is. herein before ena&ed: and fuch boot* keeper or other perfon (hall giv e to the perfon fo having or taking by gift or exchange luch horfa, marc, gelding, colt, or Tilley, requiring and paying three pence for the fiune, a trne and perfea note in writing of all the full contents of the fame, fubferibed

with

Digitized by v^ooQle

¥be fourth Tear of Anne.

Twrith bis hand, upon pain that the perfon making any un-trrtie testimony tor avouchment in the behalf aforefaid, and tsvery perfon To felling, giving, exchanging, or putting away any horfe, mare, geldmg, colt, or filley, without being known to the book-keeper or other officer aforefaid, or without bringing fuch a voucher or witnefs, caufmg the "fame to be etftered as aforefaid ; and every book-keepdr, fcolbkeeper, or other officer of fair or market neglecting to do his duty, fhafl feverally forfeit for every fuch default the fum of twenty (hillings ; and alfo every fale, gift, exchange, or other putting away of any horfe, mare, gelding, colt, or filley, in fair or market, not ufed in all points according to the true meaning of this aft, fhall be void; the faid feveral penalties to be recovered before the juftice and juf- fcfl^0Q^UCt °r tices of affize in the feveral place* where they fit; and where they do not fit, then before the jufticfesof the peace at their fevetal quarter-feffions, and levied by their refpec-live warrants "by diftrefs on the goods of every perfon mak- c*	‘

mg default, and fale of fuch good*, lttaming the overplus, if any, to the party fo diftrained. r

III.	And be if further etiafted by the authority afore- Tried at af-faid, That the judge and judges of allizes in their feveral fife* or feffions. and refpeftive circuits, and the jullices of the peace of every other place and county, where the judge or judges of af-

fizc do not fit, (hall refpeftivcly have authority in their re-ipe&ive affixes and feffions within the limits of their authority and commiffion to inquire, hear, and determine all offences againft this (latute.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore- pCnak*e, ° faid. That all the penalties in this aft (hall be the otoep

half to the poor of the parifh where the offence is committed, or other publick work, as the faid judge or judges of aflize and jullices of the peace in their faid feffions (hall refpeftively order; and the other moiety to the perfon, who will fue for the fame before fuch judge or judges of affize, or jullices oT the peace at their feffions aforefaid.

V.	And forafmuch as buyers and receivers of (lolCn Receiver of

goods and chattels dp oftentimes harbour, convey away, ^kjrJf>0^,aor and conceal the principal felons, fo that they cannot be ^ pr®fCcUted convift of fuch principal felonies, and thereby fuch buyers for mifdemea-and receivers, and other acceflaries to fuch felonies, have nor, tho*>rin-cfcaped all manner of puniffiment, which hath greatly en- vided °&c°n" couraged the buying and receiving fuch ilolcn goods and *	‘

chattels: for remedy whereof be it therefore enafted by

the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid twenty fifth day of December pne thoufand 1‘even hundred and five, it (hall and may be'lawful toprofecute amt puuilh

Penalty sot. Balmain void,

.a

every

Digitized by v^,ooQle

The fourth Tear of Anne, e*ery fuch perfon and perfons buying or receiving any ftolen goods or chattels, knowing the fame to be ftolen, or that (hall otherwife be acceflary to fuch felony before or after the fa&, as for a mifdemeanor, to be punilhed by fine and imprifonment, although the principal felon be not beforr convi&ed of the faid felony, which (hall exempt the offender from being punifhed as acceflary, if the principal (hall be after convi&eiL	'

VI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-fclon, profecut- faid, That if any harbourer of any felon (hall difeover to con vie- and profecute any two or more fuch harbourer*, fo as they (hall be taken, and (hall be convift of harbouring as aforefaid at the profecution of fuch difeoverer, that then mch harbourer, fo difeovering and profecuting, (hall by virtue of this a& be pardoned and acquitted for his former crimes of harbouring only; any thing in this a & to the contrary notwithftanding. This a & to continue in force for five years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of Parliament, and no longer.

Harbourer of

tion, pardoned.

6 Arm* 11. perpetual.

CHAP. XII.

An A cl to repeal the Statute made in tie fifth of Henry the fourth, againjl multiplying Cold and Silver; aid to prevent Di/putes and Contrcv:rJies concerning Royal Mines.

WHEREAS by a ftatute made and ena&ed in the Parliament held in England in the firft year of the reign of King Henry the fourth, late King of England, it * was amongft other things ena&ed in thefe words, or to this Recital 5 H. effed, namely : 44 That none from henceforth (hould ufe f	mA “ to mufriply gold or filver, or ufe the crafts of multi-

enadUd in*Ire-'“ plication ; and if any of the fame do, they (hall incur loud by io H. “ ‘the penalty of felony i” which ftatute by an aft made in 'J* 22.	the Parliament held in this realm in the tenth year of the

*	reign of the late King Henry the feventh, was enadled to

be ufed and executed in this land of Ireland : And whereas fince the making the faid ftatute divers perfons have by their ftudy, induftry, and learning arrived to great (kill and peife£tion in the art of melting and irnning of metals, and otherwife improving them and thcii ores, which very much abound within this realm, and extracting gold and filver out of the fame, but dare not exercife their (kill within this realm for fear of falling under the penalty of the faid ftatute ; but exercife the (aid art in foreign parts, to the * great lofs and detriment bf‘this realm: l>e it ena<fted by the Queen’s mod excellent Jftajefty, by and with the advice j	and

Digitized by CjOOQle

The fourth Year of Anne.	439

and confent of the lord’s fpiritual and temporal and com- A. D. mons in this prefent Parliament afTembled, and by the au-	17°5.

thority of the fame, That from henceforth the aforefaid Chap. 11. branch, article, or fentence contained in the faid a& made v—' in England, or any word, matter, and thing contained in Mifchief, the faid branch or fentence, {hall not be of force, or ufed repeal thereof, or executed within this realm of Ireland ; any thing in the faid a&s, or either of them, to the contrary in any - wife ■whatfoever notwithftanding.

II.	Provided alfo, and be it further enabled by the au- Mines not ad-thority aforefaid, That no mines of copper, tin, iron, or lead, judged Royal, fhall hereafter be adjudged, reputed, or taken to be a royal

mine, although gold or filver may be extracted out of the fame.

III.	And be it alfo enabled by the authority aforefaid, Qwners Df That aLand every perfon or perfons, being fubje&s of the fUch mines {hall crown of England, bodies politick or corporate, that now enjoy fame, are or he^after {hall be the owner or owners, proprietor

or proprietors, of any mine or mines within the kingdom of Ireland, wherein any ore now is or hereafter {hall be dif-covered, opened, found, or wrought, and in which there is copper, tin, iron, or lead, fhall and may hold and enjoy the fame mhe or mines and ore, and continue in the pof--feffion thereof, and dig and work the faid mine and mines or ore, notwithftanding that fuch mine or mines or ore fhall be pretmded or claimed to be a royal mine or royal mines; any law, ufoge, or cuftom to the contrary not-withftanding.

IV.	Proviced always, and be it ena&ed and declared, Queen may

That her Maxelly, her heirs and fucceffors, fhall and may have ore, paying have the ore of any fuch mine or mines in any part of the^^rte™a^ifed laid kngdom of Ireland, paying to the proprietors or '	*

owners of the faid mine or mines, wherein fuch ore is or

(hall be found, within thirty days after the faid ore is or

fhall fc raifed and laid upon the banks of the faid mine or

mines and before the fame be removed from thence, the

rates ollowing : (that is to fay) for all ore walhed, made for COppCr

clean,and merchantable, wherein is copper, at the rate of waihcd-rndmer-

fixtee: pounds per tun ; and for all ore walhed, made clean chautable i61.

and nerchantable, wherein there is tin, at the rate of forty ^*

fliilliiip per tun ; and for all ore wafhed, made clean, and

merchntable, wherein there is iron,* at the rate of forty iron, 40s.

{billing per tun; and for all ore walhed, made clean, and

merchntable, wherein there is lead, at the rate of nine Lead, 9I.

pound prr tun ; and in default df payment of fuch refpec-

tive fim9 as aforefaid, it fhall and may be lawful for the

owner and proprietors df the faid mine oj* mines, therein

fuch ol* is or fhall be found, to fell and difpofe of the faid-

/	ore

Digitized by v^ooQle

Grant	4.

ef mines, &c. to lord Aiiber-corse.

Said Grant a difcouiagcmcat,

fourth Ytat	Anft*,

ore to his and their :own ufe ; any law, JUiiftc, oit ealtam to the contrary notwithftanding.

V.	And whereas his late Majefty King James the £eoo»d by letters patents bearing date the feventeenth day of January, in the fecond year of his reign, for the coufidere-tion in the faid letters patents mentioned, did demife, giant# fet, and to farm let, unto the right honourable James ead of Abberoorne, then James Hamilton of Donalong in the county of Tyrone, efquire, all and every the minerals, mines, metals, or ores, holding gold or filver, or miaed, with gold or filver ; and alfoall other minerals, mines, ores, or metals, to his MajeJty, his heirs and fuccefibrs, Wong* ing, as well not holding gold and filver as holding god and filver, within the province of Munfter ; and alfo al fuch mines, minerals, and ores within all the 'provinces in the kingdom of Ireland, and all and every port there^, whether then difeovered or opened or not; and all his Ma-jefty’s fmelting-honfcs, forges, cole-yards, ftore-hmfes, and other buildings, and the feites and foil of fum houfei, forges, cole-yards, ftore-houfes, and buildings, .ti Ireland, feveral of which are particularly earned ‘in the faid letters patents; TO HAVE AND TO HOLD tie fame for me term of fixty one years, to commence fron the day of the date of the faid letters patents ; yielding and paying therefore, during the faid term, to his late Majefty, ha heirs and fucceftbrs, at the receipt of hi3 Majffty's Exchequer in Ireland, or to the vicc-treafurer or receiver-gen end of the rents and revenues of that kingdom, tie yearly rent of ten pounds fterlin^^ to be paid at the fall of the annunciation of the blefled Virgin Mary and Saint Michael the archangel* by equal portions; tip which letters patents are alfo contained feveral other beneficial grants tod daufes, as by the fame, relation bring thereunto had, which are duly inrolled in the Rolls Office of this kingdom, mar fully appear: and whereas feveral persons have been difeoaraged from fearching and digging for mines in feveral pats of this kingdom, being apprehtnftve that after much kbour and expence it might often fo fall out that the mine dif-corered and opened might prove of that fort and ntture, to which the crown or the faid carle of Abbercont by virtue bf the faid letters patents might have or dim a right, by means whereof feveral niines remain withii this kingdom unopened, to the pubiick prejudice thereof: for the removing therefore of tire faid impediments, and t) the end the pubiick may reap the greater'benefit and aLvan-tage hereby, and tliat the faid James earl of Abberome may have and receive an equivalent for the fajd gratf; be ip enaried by the authority aforefaid, That the hud letters

pstentt,

Digitized by

Google



. fbe fourth Tekr df Anne.	*

. patents, and nfl and every the grants and *dalifts therein A. D. contained, fhaU he and are hereby revoked, annulled, aad *7^5. made void ; and that in lieu thereof, and as an equivalent Chap. 1*. for the faid grant, the firm of four thoufand pounds per- s 1	«J

ling fhall be paid unto the faid James earl of Abbercome, Revocation, his executors, adminiftrators and affigns, an full fatiafaftien t0 tor^i° Abbcr° and difcharge of all his demands or preteniions to all or corne u an -any the mines opened or unopened, difcovcrei or utidrico- equivalent, vered within this realm : and the treafurer or vice-tnsstfurer •of tliia kingdom for the time being is hereby required and commanded to pay the faid fum of four thoafand pounds unto the laid James earl of Abbercome, his executors, ad-miriifthitors, and affigns, in the manner following : (<viz.) two thoufand pounds, part of the laid four thoufand pounds, ton or before the twerfty fifth day of December, which will he in the year of our Lord God one thoufand feven hun-•dred and five ; and the remaining two thoufand pounds on w before the twenty fifth day of December, which will he tn the year of our .Lord one thoufand ‘feven hundred and fix.

VII.	And whereas the faid earl of Abbercome hath contra&cd with feveral perfons for his interefl in feveral .mines in this kingdom j purfuant to which contrails, and •by and with the confent and licence of the proprietors of the foil, feveral contractors have laid out great furqs of money, and have been at confide rable expence already by ereft-ing fmelting-houfes, and digging for and opening minds, which are now at work, to the great benefit of the kingdom : he it therefore enacted by the authority aforefeid, Thdt Not to avoid nothing in this prefent act contained {hall extend to conti ads by avoid the faid leafes or contra6ts, made by the faid earl of him, where Abbercome to or with any petfon or perfons, .who by vir- mincs already tue of fitch leafe or contracts, and by the content and It- c pence of the owner of the foil have already opened or wrought any mine or mines within this kingdom 5 but that it (ball and may be lawful to and for fuch perfon ©r persons, his and their executors, adminiflrators, or afligne, to Parties may make his or their election before the twenty-fifth day Of fur render before December, which will be in the year of our Lord God one Dcc- 1 thoufand feven hundred and five, either to wave and iurren-der the benefit of fuch leafes and contrafts to the owner or proprietor of the foil, or elfe to infill on the benefit thereof: and in cafe fuch perfon or perfons fhaU fail to make hk or their election within the time aforefaid, or (hall cleft to wave and forrender the fame as afore faid, that theft and from thenceforth, as well, the faid leafes and contrafts made between fuch perfon and perfons and the faid earl, «s aO leafes aftd coutrafts made between the owner and proproprietor

Digitized by (^.ooQle

442	Tir	fourth	Teur	§f	Anne.

A. D. prictdr of the foil and the faid earl, (hall be null and void;

1705.	and as well the laid earl of Abbercomc, as the faid perfon

Chap. 12.	and perfons aforefaid, (hall be from thenceforth difcharged

t •*mYm**‘*J from all covenants, claufes, payments, and agreements made concerning the fame : but in cafe the faid perfon or peribns, his or their executors, adminiflrators, or aifigns, do or (hall within the time aforefaid make his or their election to iniift on the benefit of fuch leafes, contra&s, or agreements, then he or they (hall from thenceforth pay, or caufe to be paid and performed unto the refpc&ive owners and proprietors of the foil, all fuch fum and fums of money and other confiderations, covenants, and agreements, at fuch times, and in fuch manner, as the lame were re-ferved, and are now payable or to be performed in and by fuch leafes or contra&s unto the laid earl of Abbercomc : and that the (aid owner and proprietor of the foil (hall have fuch remedy for the fame, as the faid carl of Abbercorne would have had in cafe this a& had not been made : and that all fuch leafes and contra&s as (hall not by the laft day of Michaelmas term, in the year of our Lord God one thouland feven hundred and five, be produced or proved by affidavit or other wife, to the fatisfa&ion of the barons of her Majelly’s court of Exchequer in Ireland, (hall be counted null and void to all intents and purpofes whatfoever.

VIII.	Provided always. That nothing herein contained (hall bar the (aid earl of Abbercorne, his executors and ad-minifhrators, from demanding, filing for, and recovering all fuch rents and fums of money, which on or before the firfi day of November one thouland feven hundred and four were due and payable to him.

IX.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. Such leafes or That all leafes, contra&s, and agreements made by the

coutra&t,where faid earl of Abbercomc, his agents or attorneys, of any ed	m*nC8	aD<^ minerals in other men’s foils, wherein as yet no

*	mine	has been opened in purfuance of fuch agreement,

(hall for ever hereafter be null and void to all intents and purpofes : and the (aid earl of Abbercome, his heirs, executors and adroini(lratoT8, (hall pay back to all fuch perfons all fines and other confiderations by them refpe&ively paid as fines for obtaining fuch leafe or contrad; which faid fines (hall, before the lad day of Michaelmas term one thoufand (even hundred and five, be made appear to have been fo paid for the fame, by producing fuch contrad, or making due proof thereof by affidavit, or otherwife to the fatisfodion pf the barons of her Majefiy’s court of Exchequer as aforefaid.

CHAP.



Digitized by





Google



The fourth Tear of Anne*

CHAP. XIV.

jin A3 for regulating the Weights ufed in this Kingdom : and that Salt and Meal Jhall he fold by Weight,

WHEREAS there are great diverfities of weights One weight in this kingdom, and in many parts thereof no^ro tllc“8* true nor certain ballance nor weights are to be had to weigh dom* merchandizes between buyer and feller; whereby great frauds are ufed, and great inconveniencies happen to the prejudice of the trade and traffique of this kingdom : for remedy whereof, be it ena&ed by the Queen’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame,

*That there (hall be one weight throughout this kingdom for the weighing of all forts of merchandizes between buyer and feller y and that the fame fhall be according to the except for pound of' averdupoize weight, except the weighing °ffiiver’ o^dr bread, gold, filver, and druggifts and apothecaries wares: gift^aues. and that all manner of merchandizes fhall be weighed by ballance, fo that the tongue of the faid ballance be even without bowing to one fide or the other, or by putting hand or foot, or touch or diforder the fame.

II. And to the eiid there may be one certain weight to Standard be for ever hereafter ufed in this kingdom as aforefaid, be wci£hts at it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, that on or before the	8

firft day of Auguft, which fhall be in the year one thou-	^	’

fand feven hundred and five, there fhall be provided at her Majefty’s charge a fett of juft and true weights : (that is to fay) one ounce weight, one pound weight, one four pound weight, one feven pound weight, one fourteen pound weight, one twenty eight pound weight, and one half hundred weight or fifty fix pounds: all which weights are to be made and fized according to the true and juft averdupoize weight, and fhall be made of brafs, and fhall be marked with the letters A. R. with the crown over them: and the faid weights fo made, aflized, adjured, and prepared, fhall be lodged in her Majefty’s Exchequer, in the cuftody of the lord treafurer of this realm, or of the vice-treafurer, hia deputy or deputies, for the time being; there to be and remain as the ftandard weights for this kingdom of* I reland: that there fhall alfo provided in the like in every city and town in this kingdom, that are counties of every county, themfelves, at the charge of the faid cities and towns, and alfo in every county within this kingdom at the charge of the laid counties, before the firft day of November one thoufand' feven hundred and five, a fet of juft and true

weights :

Digitized by t^ooQle

a. r>.

Chap* 14.

for trying 2nd fealing each weight id.

to /enxain in fnch iowni as nerctn named.

.	The	fourth Tzar of A fine,

weight#: (that Is to lay) one ounce weight, one pound weight, one four pound weight, one Teven pound weight, one fourteen pound weight, one twenty-eight pound ■weight, and one half hundred weight of fifty fix poOhds : all which (aid fevera! weights fhafl be made of brafs, and (hall be tried, fized* and made equal and juft with the weights aforefaid remaining in her Majefty*a court of Ex-chequer; and being fo tried, fi^ed, and made juft and equal, (hall be fealed by the officer, in whofe cuftody the laid ftandard weights do remain, with the fame feal wherewith the faid ftandard weights are fealed: for the fealing and trying each weight mere fhall be paid to the faid officer the fum of one penny, and no more : which faid feve-rai weights (hall be and remain in the cullody of the mayor for the time being in each city and town, that are counties by themfelves, to be the ftandard weights in the (aid cities and towns that are counties of themfelves; bv which afl the weights in the faid cities and towns are to be tried, fixed, and regulated: and in counties at large the faid weights are to he and remain in fuch town in each county* as hereafter named and appointed: (that is to fay)

In die town of Dundalk for the county of LoWth.

In the town of Trim for the county of Meath.

In the town of Mullingar for the county of Weft* meath.

In the town of Cavan for the County of Cavan.

In the town of Ardmagh for the county of Ard* ffiagh.

in the town of Monaghan for the county of Monaghan.

In the town of Down-Patrick for the county of Down.

In the town of Cattkkfergus for the county of Antrim.

In the town of Omagh for the county of Tyrone.

In the city of Londonderry for the city and county of Londonderry.

In the town of Lifford for the county of Donnegal.

In the tbwn of Innifkillen for the county of Ferma*

rragn.

In the town of Carloe for the county of Catherlogh. In the town of Ennis for the county of Clare.

In the town of Cork for the city and county of Cork.	*	/

In the city of Dublin foi die city and county of Dublin.

In the town of Gaflaway for the county of the town of Callaway, and county of Gallaway.

In the town of Tralee for the county of Kerry.

In the town of Naas for the county of Kildare.

In

Digitized by

Google

Tiu fourth fiat Anne.	MS

la tbs city of Kilkenny for the city aad county of Kit- A. D* * keuny.	»7°*

In the town of Pbilipftwwa for the King’s-co&aty.	Chap* *4"

In the town of Ksurickdranvoft for the county ©fL/rV*"\-/ Leitrim.

In the city of Luuccfek for the city and county of Limerick.

In the town of Longford for tht county of Long* ford*

In the town of Ifolliorohe for the oouBty of Mayo.

In the town gf Marybowagh for the QueenV

county.

In the town of ELofcomiuau for the county of Rof-coJtunQn.

In the town of Sligoe for the county of Sbgo*

In the town of ClgnmelJ for the county of Tipperary.

In the city of Waterford for the. city and county of

Waterford.

In the town of Wex&xd for the county of Wexford.

In the town of Wfokfow for the county of Wick-law.

In the cgftgdy of the chief mngp&rate of the bid In cuftody of town# refpe<3ively for the time being* to be the fltan&rd chiefnugiftrate, weights in the faid counties- refoe&ively, by which all the M ^ ftan weight# in. the foid counties are tq be txfod» fiaeck and regulated.

IIL And be it further cna&sd by the authority afore* Appointment foid*Th#t before the firft day of November one thoufondfeven of weigh-maf-huadred and five,, there (hall be appointed in every eity, *cr#* •ndtheir bgPQi^i and market town within this kingdom by the ehadrcc,# magifoate of the feme* except in places where the toll and • cufiooia belong to any other perfon* and in foch cafe by the perfon or perfona to. whom the toll and eufteme of fuck city, borough, or market town doth belong, one ho* nefi difereet perfon who (hall be weigb-raaftcr m the laid city, borough, or market tqwn $ who fhaU be fwom jufh ly, truly and indifferently to weigh ah goods* ware* and merchandizes, as (hall be brought unto hu» between buyer and feller: for the doing whereof he foail and may take and receiye for every draught weighing; under a hundred weight a half penny* and for every diaught weighing qae hundred pound# qr. upward# one penny.

IV.	And be itr further ena&ed by the authority afore- Ai beam, foid, That there fhall be alfo provided before the fisft day fc*hv“d-of November one thoufond feven.hundred: and five, at the rcm*jTwkh •barge o£ eaqh city, bungugjb* or market terwu, within thi*

kingdom,

Digitized by ^ooQle

446

A. D.

1705. Chap. 14.

fealeda* afore-laid.

The fourth'Tear of A«mew kingdom, or by the perfon or perfons to whom the toll and cuftoms of the fame do belong in manner as afore* faid, one good, juft, and true bailance or iron beam with feales and weights fufficient and convenient for the weighing of all manner of goods, wares, and merchandizes between buyer and feller, or between party and party; which (aid beams, feales, and weights are to be and remain under the care and cuftody of the weigh-mafters appointed as aforefaid in each city, borough, or market town in this kingdom : and that all fuch weights, as (hall be fo provided and made ufe of as aforefaid for weighing of goods, wares, and merchandizes, fhall be tried, fifced, and made juft and equal with the brafs ftandard weights aforefaid, in every fuch city and town that are counties of themfelves, and in every county at large within this kingdom ; and (hall be fealed with the letters A. R. and the crown as afore-

Mayorofaoy town, county of itfelf, not providing at a-forefaid.

penalty 40s.

County at large not providing may be fined 5I.

Chief magif. trateor perfon to whom cuf-toma belong, ncglc&ing to provide.

laid.

V. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe the mayor for the time being of any city and town, that is a county of itfelf within this kingdom, fhall negle& to provide a fet of brafs ftandard weights in manner aforefaid, or (hall negle& to appoint and lwear a weigb-mafter in manner aforefaid ; or (hall negle£t to provide a good, juft, and true bailance or beam, with feales and weights fufficient and convenient for the weighing of all manner of goods, wares, and merchandizes between buyer and feller at or before the days or times before limited for the doing of the fame; that then and in fuch cafe every fuch mayor for the time being of fuch city or town, being a county of itfelf, or other perfon as aforefaid, (hall forfeit for every month, that all or any of the particulars aforefaid (hall be wanting, the fum of forty (hillings; the one half to be to the poor of the parifh of the city or town, where fuch forfeiture (hall happen; the other half to fuch perfon as (hall inform- and profecute for the fame in manner as herein after dire&ed: and in cafe there (hall not be a fet of brafs ftandard weights provided in each county at large in this kingdom in manner aforefaid, and by the time limited as aforefaid, that the juftices of affize at every affizes to be held in this kingdom, and the juftices of the peace at their quarter-feffions, (hall enquire thereof, and (hall fine the faid county in any fum not exceeding five pounds, and eftreatthe fame into her Majefty's court of Exchequer: and fo continue every affizes and feflions, until the faid weights (hall be provided as aforefaid : and that in cafe the chief magiftrate of any borough or market town in this kingdom, or the perfon or perfons to whom the toll and cuftoms of any market town, not being a corporation, doth belong, fhall neglect to appoint and ’

fwsar

Digitized by Google

The fiwrth Year of Anne* fwear a weigh-mafter, or (hall negle& to provide a good, A. D. juft, and true ballance or beam, with fcales and weights *7°5* neceflary and fufficient for the weighing of all goods, wares. Chap. 14. and merchandizes as aforefaid, for the fpace of a month after the days or times before limitted : that then and in fuch cafe every fuch chief magiftrate of any borough or market town, being a corporation, or the perfon or per- penalty 40*. fons to whom the toll or cuftoms of any market town, be-Acr month» ing or not being a corporation of itfelf, doth belong, (hall forfeit the fum of forty (hillings for every month that all 1 or any of the particulars aforefaid (hall be wanting; the one half to be to the poor of the parifh, and the other half to the perfon or perfons that (hall inform of and pro^ fecute the fame in manner as is hereafter dire&ed : that the mayor for the time being of every city or town in this on death m kingdom, being counties of themfelves, and the chief ma-	of

giftrate for the time being of every borough and market	fwonJ

town, or the perfon or perfons that receives the tolls and	*

cuftoms of every or any market town as aforefaid, (hall on the death or removal of any weigh-mailer appoint and fwear another in the place ; and (hall from time to time for ever beam and hereafter maintain and preferve a common ballance or beam, weights pre-and weights fufficient and neceflary in manner aforefaid, ^vcd* on on pain of forfeiting forty (hillings for every month ^ month. ^ or any of the faid particulars (hall be wanting; which forfeiture (hall bp difpofed in manner as hereafter is dire&ed.

v VI. And be it farther ena&ed by the authority afore-

fold, That no merchants, weigh-mailer, trader, or dealer fuchastried^c. whatfoever, (hall keep or ufe any manner of weights for weighing of any manner of goods, wares, or merchandizes bought or fold, but ilich as (hall be jultly fized, tried, and equal with the ftandard weights aforefoid, and fealed by the proper officer, in whofe cultody the ftandard weights Penalty 40s. of each county Ihall be and remain, on pain of forfeiting forty (1 lillings for every fuch offence.

VII.	Provided always, That nothing in thisa& contain- Dealer* may

ed Ihall be conftmed to hinder any merchant, trader, or	1 htl^ IT*1

dealer, from weiging all fuch goods, wares, and merchan- fealed, &c. dizes as he (hall buy or fell, with his own weights, the

ballance being juft and true, and the weights being juftly fized and true, and equal with the ftaudard aforefoid, and fealed with the feal aforefoid by the proper officer, in whofe cutlody the ftandard weights in eadi county remain.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- Offences de-

faid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the jutlices of the terminable at aflizein their circuits, and the jullices of the peace in their	•

quarter feflions in this kingdom, to. inquire after all of- *

fences



Digitized by v^ooQle

penalties to

ctb€ fourth Year of Amr. tenet* againft this aft, and hear and determine the (sqm j and to iifue their rtfpeftive warrants for levying tlje forfeitures and penalties in this aft mentioned, to be difpofed of $ the one moiety to the poor of the pariih, and the other nfioiety to foch perfon as (hall inform or profecute for the poor ittd prole- fhm€.

cutor'	IX* Provided always, That no perfon or perfons what-

Wa'gh-maflaafoever (hall aft as vreigforaa tiers, or at any time execute Ac	inath#fr	^ ^K^)re he doth take the oaths and fubforibe

$cM%'iE*g. fhr declaration mentioned in the aft of Parliament made in, England in the third year of the reign of his late Ma-jelly Ring William and the late Queen Mary of biefTcd memory, intituled. An ASt for th* abrogating tbt oath of Jupro-macy in Jrtland, and appointing otbor oaths : which oaths the refpeftive magiftrates of every city, borough, or market town in th® kingdom; or where there is no magistrate, the next judice of the peace is hereby authorifed to adminifter.

X.	And he it further enafted by the authority aforefoid.

White fait by weight.

That no retailer, or other perfon or perfons whatsoever, making or dealing in white fak, or buying white fok to fell again, (ball from and after the hrft day of November, in the year one thoufond fovea hundred and five, foil or put to fak?, exchange, or otherwife difpofe of any fuch fait to any perfon or perfons, or in any county, city, or place whatfoever within this kingdom, otherwifo than by weight, and not by meafure, or in any other ner.

to the XL And if the fak fo fold be of the quantity of a buihcl.	bufhd	or more, that then it be at the rate of fix and fifty

Meal, flour, pounds weight to the buihcl; and fo in proportion for a Ac. fold by greater quantity: aifo that every miller, meal man, or other perfon whatfoever foiling dour, meal, cuttlings, or any other fort of ground corn by retail, fhall foil the feme by weight, and not by meafore, or in any other manner whatfoever.

Penalty 5s. XXL And th** ^*7	offending	therein	fhaH for

•r fot in flocks, every Such offence forfeit any fom, not exceeding five (hillings, to him or her who (hall profecute for the fame, to be recovered by diftrefs or (ale of the goods of the offender by warrant of a judice of the peace or other chief magiftrate; and for want of goods fufficient to pay the fome, to be fet in the ftokes for the fpace of two hours*

Offences in XIII. And be it further enafted by the authority afore-felling ftk and feid, Then the forfeitures and offences, made and commit-mealdeten&in- ted againft this aft as to the felling of fait and meal, (hall able by one	heard aaddeteermined by any one juftice of the peace of

ju ice.	fhid county, or by the chief riiagiftrate of the town,

6	where

The fourth Tear of Anne.	4^9

where fuch forfeiture (hall be made or offence committed ; A. D. who are hereby required to hear, adjudge, and determine 170;. the fame, upon the confeflion of the party accufed, or by	}

the oath or oaths of one or more credible witnefs or wit-nefTea ; arid if the party finds him or herfelf aggrieved by the judgment given by fuch juftice of the peace or magif* trate, the faid party (hall and may appeal to the juftices of appeal to the peace at the next quarter-feflions, wfiofe determination fdEou*. therein fhall be conclufive.

XIV. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- White fait laid. That all white fait, imported into this kingdom for impoi ted to pay the future, (hall pay her Majefty’s duties by weight, and **>’ wci£ht* not by meafure : (that is to fay) fifty fix pounds of white 561b. a bufhel. fait fhall be accounted a bulhel; and that the fame duty fhall be paid for every fifty fix pounds weight of white fait as is now payable for a bufhel; and that fixty five Rock fait pounds of rock fait (hall be accounted a bufhel; and ^ * 1 u that the fame duty (hall be paid for every fixty five pounds of rock fait as is now payable for a bufhel of rock fait.

XV. This a ft, as to fo much thereof as relates to the Continuance buying and felling of fait and meal by weight; and as to as to fait an* fo much thereof as relates to the making her Mijelty’s ™cal,by weight, duties on white and rock fait payable by weight; as alfo an duty* that fixty five pounds of rock fait (haU be accounted a bufhel, and fifty fix pounds of white felt (hall be efteemed a bufhel; and the duties to be paid for fuch refpeclive weights thereof as aforefeid, fora buihel of the faid feveral falts, to 5	12

continue until the end of the next fefGons of Parliament and made Actual, no longer.

The Sixth Year of ANNE.

CHAP. II.

An A3 for the Publiek Regifering of all Deeds, Conveyances, and wills that Jhall be made of any Honors, Manors, Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments,

FOR fecuring purchafers, preventing forgeries and frau-7 Amended by dulent gifts and conveyances of lands, tenements, and 25 G‘ *' c‘ 47 * hereditaments, which have been frequently pra&ifed in this kingdom, efpecially by papifts, to the great prejudice of the proteftant intereft thereof, and for fettling and eftab-lifhing a certain method, with proper rules and dire&ions for regiilering a memorial of all deeds and conveyances, which from and after the twenty fifth day of March ia Vol. II.	F	f	the

A. D. < «7®7-

Digitized by

y Google

A puMick office for re^if-tnn£ memorial* of deed* and will*kept in Dublin,

Regifter.

Doccafe of regifter.

Memorial of llll deeds and will* may be re-qriftercd as herein.

Deed or conveyance effectual accord inc; to priority vl time of regif-tring.

The, fixtb Year of Anne. ' the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and eight fhall be made and executed, and of all wills and devices in writing made, or to be made, and publifhed, where the devifor or teftatrix fhall die after the faid twenty fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and eight, for or concerning any honors, manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments in this kingdom. We pray that it may be enabled, and be it enabled by the Queen’s mod excellent Majeity, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That one publick office for regi firing memorials of deeds and conveyances, wills and devifes, fhall be eflablifhed and kept in the city of Dublin, to be managed and executed by a fit and able perfon, or his fufficient deputy, fuch perfon to be from time to time nominated and appointed by the} Queen’s Majefly* her heirs and fuccef-fors, and to continue in the faid office for fo long time as he (hall faithfully and honefty demean himfdf therein.

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That upon the death of any fuch regifter, and until another perfon be nominated and appointed in manner afore-faid, the executors or adminiflrators of the regifier dcceaf-ed, together with the fureties for the faid regilter, or their executors or adminiflrators, fhall appoint a proper perfon to execute the office of regilter; for whofe demeanor in the execution of the faid office, the fecurity given for fuch re-gill er deceafed fhall be anfwerable.

III.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That a memorial of all deeds and conveyances, which from and after the twenty fifth day of March, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and eight, fhall be made and executed, and of all wills and devifes in writing, made or to be made and publifhed, where the devifor or teflatrix fhall dye after the faid twenty -fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and eight, for, or concerning, and whereby any honours, manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments within this kingdom may be any ways affected, may, at the ele&ion of the party or parties concerned, be regiflercd in fuch manner as i& herein after directed.

IV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That every fuch deed or conveyance, a memorial whereof fhall be duly regiftered according to the rules and diredlions in this a dl preferibed, fhall, from and after the £riid twenty fifth day of March, in the year of our Lord quc thoufand feven hundred and eight, be deemed and taken as good and effectual both in, lg)? and equity, accord-

mi

Digitized by Google

Deeds not re-

• The Jlxtb Tear- of Anne, ing to the priority of time of regiftring fuch memorial for and concerning the honors, manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments in fuch a deed or conveyance mentioned or contained, according to the right, title, and intereft of the perfon or perfons fo conveying fuch honours manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, againft all and every other deed, conveyance, or difpofition of the honors, manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, or any part thereof comprized or contained in any fuch memorial as aforefaid.

, V. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, _______________

That every deed or conveyance not regiftered, which (hall be giftered void a-

made and executed from and after the twenty fifth day of deed* re-

March in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hun- g red*

dred and eight,. of all or-any of the honors, manors, lands,

tenements, or hereditaments comprized or contained in

fuch a deed or conveyance, a memorial whereof fhall be

regiftered in purfuance of this a&, fhall be deemed and

adjudged as fraudulent and void, not only againft fuch a

deed or conveyance regiftered as aforefaid, but likewife

againft all and every creditor and creditors by judgment,	<

recognizance, ftatute-merchant, or of the ftaple, confefTed,

acknowledged, or entered into from and after the twenty

fifth day of March aforefaid, at for and concerning all

or any of the honors, manors, kinds, tenements, or here*

ditaments, contained or expreffed In fuch memorial regiftred

as aforefaid.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- Memorial*©® faid, That all and every memorial, fo to be entered or re- parchment digift ered, fhall be put into writing in vellum or parchment, rc&ed to and direfted to the regifter of the faid office ; and in cafe re* of deeds and conveyances, (hall be under the hand and feal of fome or one of the grantors, or fbme or one of the grantees, his, her, or their guardians or truftees attell-ed by two witnefles, one whereof to be one of the wit- Deeds and oefTes to the execution of fuch deed or conveyance; which conveyance* witnefs fhall by affidavit to be made before the faid re-how regiftered.' gifter or his deputy, who is hereby impowered and required to adminifter fuch oath, prove the figning and fealing t of fuch memorial, and the execution of the deed or conveyance mentioned in fuch memorial, and the day and time of the delivery of fuch memorial, to the regifter or his deputy : and in cafe of wills, the memorial fhall be under the Memo rial* hand and feal of fome or one of the devifees, his, her, or in cafe of wil!* their guardians or truftees, attefted by two witnefTes, one *	*5-

whereof fhall by affidavit, to be made before the faid rc gifter or his deputy, prove the figning and fealing of fucp * memorial; which refpe&ive affidavit, the faid regifter or his deputy, is hereby impowered to take, and is here-5* f 2	by

Digitized by

The fxth Tear of Anne.

By directed to file and enter in a book to be kept for that purpofe.

2. VII. And be it further enabled by the authority afore-firid, That every memorial of any deed, conveyance, or What memo- (hall contain the day of the month and the year *ia <hail C°D" when fuch deed; conveyance, or will bears date, and wal perfe&ed, and the names and additions of all the parties to ruch deed or conveyance, and of the devifor or teftratrix of fuch will, and of all the witnefTes to fuch deed, conveyance, or will, and (hall exprefs or mention the honors, manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments contained in fuch deed, conveyance, or will, and the names of all the counties, baronies, cities, towns corporate, parifhes, townfhips, ham* lets, villages, precin&s, within this kingdom, where any fuch honors, manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments are lying and being, that are given, granted, conveyed, deviled, or any way affe&ed or charged by any deed, conveyance, or will, in fuch manner as the feme are exprefied or mentioned in fuch deed, conveyance, or will, or to the Deed, ke. to fame cffe<^ . and that every fuch deed, conveyance, or will, epro uct . probate of the fame, of which fuch memorial is to be regillered as aforefaid, (hall be produced to the faid regifter, or his deputy, at the time of entering fuch memorial, Regifter to who (liaH endorfe a certificate on every fuch deed, conveyance, indorie and fign and will, or probate thereof, and therein mention the certain day and time, on which fuch memorial is fo entered and regiiltred, cxprdling alio in what book, page and number the fame is entered, and that the faid regifter or his deputy (hall fign the faid certificate when fo endorfed : which certificate (hall be taken and allowed as evidence of fuch refpe&ive regillries in all courts of record vvhatfoever 5 and that every page of fuch regifter books, and every me-

1 he page And morjal, that (hall be entered therein, (hall be numbered, memorial nurn- , ,	,	.	r	,	-	, .,	,	c	1

icriiiicate.

Certitkate evidence of vegiftiy.

bered, See.

Regiftrr to keep alphabet!.

and the day of the month and the year when every fuch memorial is regillered (hall be entered in the margins of the faid regiller-books, and of the faid memorial ; and that every Inch regifter (hall keep an alphabetical kalendaf .	.	of	all counties, baronies, cities, towns corporate, parilhes,

calkaicndaTj&c. an(j town-fhips within this realm, with reference* to the number of every memorial, that concerns the honors, ma- ' nors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments in every fuch county, barony, city, town corporate, j-arilh or townlhip refpcdively, and of the names of the parties mentioned in fuch memorial, and that fuch regifter, or his deputy, (hall duly file every luch memorial in order of time, as the fame fhall be brought to the faid office, and enter or regifter the faid memorials in the fame oxder that they (hall relpe&ively come to *is hands.

VIII. And

Digitized by

Google

The fixth Year of Anne.	4^3

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afort-	j>#

laid. That every fuch regiller, before he enter upon the 1707. execution of the (aid office, (hall be fworn before the lord Chap. 2. chief baron, or fome other of the barons of her Majefty’s court of Exchequer, who are hereby required to adminif- Rcgifter to

ter fuch oath in thefe words s	oath	in

Exchequer,

You Jhall truly and faithfully perform and execute the office mnd duty, that is direded and required by ad of Parliament, in regiftering memorials of deeds, conveyances, and wills within this kingdom, fo long as you Jhall continue in the faid office.

So help you God,

And that when and as often as the faid regiller (hall ap- Ajfo jlig ^ point any deputy to execute the faid office, fuch deputy pUty.

(hall before he enter on the execution thereof take the faid oath before the lord chief baron, or fome other of the barons of her Majefty's court of Exchequer, who are hereby required to adminifter the fame ; and that every	alfo

fuch regiller, at the time of his being fworn	into the faid to	give	fecuritf

, office, (hall alfo enter into a recognizance with	two or more	*°oool.

fufficient fureties, to be approved of by the lotd chief baron, or fome other of the barons of her Majefty’s court of Exchequer, of the penalty of twenty thoufand pounds unto her Majelty, her heirs and (ucceffors, to	be taken by

the (aid lord chief baron, or fome other of	the faid ba-

rons, conditioned for his true and faithful performance of his duty in the execution of his faid office ; the fame to be kept and to remain in the office of her Majefty’s remembrancer of the Exchequer amongft the records of the laid court.

IX.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it further ena&ed by When reglf. the authority aforefaid, That when any regiller Ihall dye,tcr s

pr furrender his office, and that within the fpace of three	c

years from and after fuch death or furrender no milbcha-viour appear to have been committed by fuch regiller in the execution of his faid office; then, and in fuch cafe, at the end of the faid three years after his death or furrender, the laid recognizance fo entered into by him,

(hall become void and of no e(Fe6l to all intents and pur-pofes whatfoever,

X.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore- Times of faid, That every fuch regiller, or his fufficient deputy, attendance, (hall give due attendance at nis office every day in the week,

except Sundays and holidays, between the hours of nine and twelve in the forenoon, and between the hours of three and fix in the afternoon, for the difpatch of all bufinefies belonging to the faid office : and that every' regiller or his

1	deputy,

Digitized by LjOOQle

fcarch and

forfeiture of office, and treble damages.

7'he jixtb Tear of Anne, deputy, as often as required, (hall make fearches concerning all memorials that are required as aforefaid, and give certificates concerning the fame under his hand, if required by any perfon.

XI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-ff rc uired ****	That	every	fuch regifter -lb all be allowed for the eni

8 G. i. 15. try of every fuch memorial, as is by this adl directed, the negative cerh/U fum of fix pence and no more, in cafe the fame do not ex-ceed one hundred words ; but if fuch memorial fhall exceed CC4,	one hundred words, then after the rate or proportion of

three pence a hundred for all the words contained in fuch memorial over and above the firft one hundred words, and the like fees for the like number of words contained in every certificate or copy given put of the faid office, and ho more; and for every fearch in the faid office fix pence and no more.

Fornevteiftor XII. And be it further enacted by the authority afoTe-jnal-practice	faid, That if any fuch regifter or his deputy, fhall negledl

to perform his or their duty in the execution of the faid office, according to the rules and directions in this adt mentioned, or commit or fuffer to be committed any undue or fraudulent pradtice in the execution of the faid office, and be thereof lawfully convidted, that then fuch re^if-ter fhaTl forfeit his faid office, and pay treble damages, with the full cofls of fuit, to every fuch perfon or perfons as fhaH be injured thereby ; to be recovered by action of debt, bifl, plaint, or information in any of her Majefty’s courts of record at Dublin, wherein no efToign, protection, privilege of Parliament, or wager of law ihall be allowed, nor any more than cue imparlance.

Perfon%named XIII. And be it further enadted by the authority during vacancy, aforefaid, That the perfon to be nominated as aforefaid up-■ ' " ’on the death of any regifter to execute the faid office, during the time the fame (hall be vacant as aforefaid, fhaH before he enter on the execution thereof take the oath, herein before appointed to be taken by fuch regifter or his deputy, before the lord chief baron, or Tome other of the barons of her Majefty’s court of Exchequer, who are hereby required to adminifter fuch oath : and that if fuch '	perfon fo nominated fhall be lawfully convidted of any

neglect, mifdemeanor, fraudulent pradfice in the execution of the faid office during fuch vacancy, he fhall be lia-able to pay treble damages, with full cofts of fuit to every perfon that fhall be injured thereby, to be recovered as aforefaid.

Ket to exterd XIV. Provided alfo, and be it further enadled by the to leaks for zi authority aforefaid, That this adl fhall not extend to any

Fdfiun ^

or leafes for years not exceeding twenty one years, ‘	°	’	where the adtual poffeffion goeth along with the faid leafe ;

• . ’	.	*	any

to take fame oath, &c.

Digitized by LjOOQle

The fixtb Tear of Anne, any tiling in this aft contained to the contrary' thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enafted by the

authority aforefaid, That where there are more writings

than one for making and perfefting any conveyance or VTiatrufficient r	°	•	rrn w memorial

iccurity, which do name, mention, or any ways ail eft or wj)cre morc

concern the fame honors, manors, lands, tenements, or he- wiitings than reditaments, it fhall be a fufficicnt memorial and regifter one for perfr^-thereof, if all the faid honors, manors, lands, tenements, inK a conveyor hereditaments, and the counties, baronies, cities, towns ancc‘ corporate, parifhes, town-fhips, hamlets, villages, where the fame lye, be only once named or mentioned in the memorial, regifter, and certificate, of any of the deeds or writings nude for the perfefting of fuch conveyance or fecu-rity ; a*d that the dates of the reft of the faid deeds or writings relating to the faid conveyance or fecurity, with the namet and additions of the parties, and witneffes, and the places of their abode, be only fet down in the memorials, regif ers, and certificates of the fame, with a reference to thedted or writing, wdiereof the memorial is fo re-giftered, tha Contains or expreffes the parcels mentioned in all the faid (eeds, and direftions how to find the regiftering the fame.	•	•

XVI.	Andbe it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Memorial of That a memcial of fuch deeds, conveyances, and willsy as deeds, \£c. fhall be made, and executed, and publifhed in anyplace not ™a(*c a*?ov5 within fixty mles of the city of Dublin, (hall be entered Dublin!C5 r°m or regiftered b) the aforefaid regifter or his deputy, in cafe

an affidavit fwon before any one of the judges at the afil-zes, or before tie juftices of the peace in open court at the general quarterieflions, or before a perfon commiffioncd^ purfuant to a lat aft of Parliament for taking affidavits in the country in th prefence of two or more juftices of the peace of the famtcounty, who are hereby required to fub-	!

feribe their nametas witnefles to the taking of fuch affida-	,

vit, be brought wffi the faid memorial to the faid regifter, or his deputy ; wlerein one of the witneffes to the execution of fuch deedsand conveyances fhall fwear he or fhe /aw the fame erecued, and the memorial figned and fealed as abovefaid, or whrein one of the witneffes to the memorial of any will fh«l fwear he or fhe faw fuch memorial figned and fealed asibovefaid ; and the fame fhall be a fuf-ficient authority to \e faid regifter or his deputy to give the party, who briirs fuch memorial and affidavit to be filed and entered as ibrefaid, a certificate of the regiftering fuch memorial; vvhiq certificate, figned by the faid re-gifler or . his deputy.fhall be taken and allowed as evidence of the regiftriejof the fame memorials in all courts

of

Digitized by t^ooQle

456	The	Jixtb Tear of Anne*

A. D. of record whatfoever; any thing in this a£t contained to 1707. the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

Chap. 2. XVII. And be it further enabled by the authority afore-* t±*^>f****J laid, That if any perfon or perfons (hall at any time forge Forging me- or counterfeit any fuch memorial or certificate, as are here-tificatc TiahlVto 111 before mentioned and dire&cd, and be thereof lawfully penalty, 28	convi&ed, fuch perfon or perfons (hail incur and be liable

Eli%. 3.	to fuch pains and penalties, as in and by an a& of Parli-

ament made in tne twenty eighth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth of blefied memory, intituled. An id agai if forging evidences, are impofed upon offenders thrre-Perjury. in mentioned; and that if any perfon or perfons fhaT at any time forfwear himfelf before the faid regide* or his deputy, in any of the cafes aforefaid, and be tiercof lawfully convicted, fuch perfon or perfons (hall incur and be liable to the fame penalties, as if the fame o-*th had been made in any of the courts of record at Dullitu What deemed XVIII. Provided always, that in cafe the d<vifee, or fufiicient rc- perfon or perfons interred in the honors, maners, lands, jtWlfr when tenements, or hereditaments devifed by any fuih will as aforefaid, by reafon of the con telling fuch wil, or other dilabled^tocx- inevitable difficulty, without his, her, or thei* wilful ne-bibit memorial. gle£l or default, (hall be difabled to exhibit a nemorial for the regtflering thereof within the refpe&ive nines herein before limitted; then, and in fuch cafe the r.giftnr of the memorial within the (pace of fix months nextifter his, her, or their attainment of fuch will or probate Hereof, or removal of the impediment, whereby, he, be, or they, are difabled or hindered to exhibit fuch nemorial, (hall be a fufficient regiilry within the meaning a this a£l; any thing herein contained to the contrary uereof notwith-(landing.

Regifter not XIX. And be it further enafted by tbj authority afore-to be oat of thf faid, That all perfons, that (hall be regners, and alfo all kingdom above perfons, in trull for w hom fuch office ball be granted, three mont *.	refi^nt	in	this	kingdom	at	leal/	nine months in

every year: and if fuch regifters or pdfons, in trull for whom fuch office fhkU be granted, $all abfent him or themfelves out of this kingdom for morj than three months in any one year, except in cafe of ficfnelf requiring lus going or (laying beyond the fea for pe recovery of his health, the faid office to be void ; any pjcccdcnt grant there-, of to the contrary notwit hdanding.

1

CHAP,

gitizfd Google

The fixtb Year of Anne.

CHAP. HI.

An Aft for continuing an At7 made in the ninth Year of tbe reign of the late King William, intituled, An Aft for the more eafic obtaining Partitions of Lands in coparcenary, joint-tenancy, and Tenancy in common, and bounding and mearing of Lands.

WHEREAS in a Parliament held, in the ninth year 9 W, 3.1*.

of the reign of the late King William, of glo- ®*dc perpetual, rlous memory, a ftatute was made, intituled, An Ad for the more eajie obtaining partitions of lands in coparcenary,

Joy nt-tenancy, and tenancy in common, and hounding and mearing of lands ; which aft is now expired, bijt by experience hath been found to be a good and profitable law for this kingdom, and fit to be continued and made perpetual: be it therefore enafted by the Queen’s moil excellent Ma-jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpi-ritual and temporal and commons }n this prefent Parliament afiembled, and by authority of the fame. That the fa id ftatute, and all and every the branches and claufes in the fame contained, are hereby continued, and (hall from henceforth be, remain y and cQntinue in force and effeft for ever.

II.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority Joint tenant aforefaid, That notwithftanding any thing in this or the or tenant in former aft mentioned or contained to the contrary, eveiy of the faid joint-tenants, or tenants in common, apd their Jjj ^ heir3, after fuch partition made, (hall and may have aid of the other, or of their heirs, to the intent to deraigne the warranty paramount, and to recover for the rate, as is ufed between coparcenors after partition, made by the order of the common law; any thing in this or the faid former aft contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

C II A P. IV.	,

An Adi to prevent the defraying and murtbering of Baft curd Children•

WHEREAS many lewd women, who have been delivered of baftard children, to avoid their (hame, and to efcape punifhment, do fecretly bury or conceal the death of their children, and after if the child be found dead, the faid women do alledge that the faid child was born dead ; whereas it falleth out fometimes (although hardly it is to be proved) that the laid child or children

were

Digitized by L,ooQle

458	fixth Year of Anne.

A. D.	were murthered by the laid women, their lewd mothers,

1707.	or by their affent or procurement; for the prevention there-

fore of this	great mifehief, be	it enafted by the Queen’s

Mother endea- rjioft excellent Majefty, by and	with the advice and con- ‘

'tounng to	fent 0£ |jjc	iordg fpiritual and	temporal and commons in

dNier bafUrd. this prefent Parliament affembled, and by authority of the fame. That if any woman after the firft day of November, which (hall be in this prefent year one thouiand feven hundred and feven, be delivered of any iffue of her body* male or female, which being bom alive, (hould by the laws of this realm be a baftard, and that (he endeavour privately, either by drowning or fecret burying thereof* or any other way, either	by herfelf, or the	procuring of others, fo to

conceal the	death thereof as	that it may not cpme to

light, whether it were bom alive or not, but be con-coded; in every fuch cafe the mother fo offending (hall fuffer death, as in cafe of murther, except fuch mother can make proof by one witnefs at the lead, that the faid child, whofe death was by her fo intended to be concealed,

, was bom dead.

CHAP. VI.

An A3 to explain and amend an ASI, intituled. An A61 to prevent Papifts being Sollicitors.

Altered by "TTTHEREAS by an aft of Parliament made in this 31 G. 3. c.*ai. VV kingdom in the tenth year of the reign of his & 33 G. 3.	late Majefty King William, of ever hlefled memory, inti-

c- 21 m	tilled, An A3 to prevent papifts being fell/c:tors, it is enafted

“ That from and after the firft day of March, in the year u of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred and ninety eight, “ no perfon or perfons (hall praftice or aft as follicitor in “ any court of law or equity, or as agent or manager in “ any caufe or fuit in law or equity, or as fenefchal or “ follicitor in all or any of the courts or offices in this “ kingdom, not having firft taken the oaths and fubferib-u cd the declaration in the faid aft mentioned; and that “ any perfon, who (hall praftife as aforefaid before he ** flail have taken the faid oaths and fubferibed the (aid “ declaration, contrary to the purport and meaning of the “ faid aft, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of “ one hundred pounds, and be uncapable to be executor or “ adminiftrator, or to take any benefit by any legacy, gift, “ or grant of any lands, tenements, hereditaments, goods, " or chattels what foe verand whereas fince the making the faid aft feveral known papifts of this kingdom have frequently and openly praftifed and afted as follicitors an4 agents in feveral fuxts and caufcs in law and equity, contrary

Digitized by UooQle

The fixth Tear of Anne. (	459

trary to and in contempt of the faid aft, the penalty of A. D. one hundred pounds being too fmall, in refpeft of the 1707*. great gains they make by their praftice, and the difficul- Chap. 6. ties attending the profecution thereof are fuch, that the mifehief intended to be remedied by the faid aft, remains unredrefled : for remedy whereof, be it enafted by the Queen’s mod excellent Majeily, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by authority of the fame. That no papift, or reputed papift, be permitted, Offered, or allowed to praftife or aft as follicitor, agent, or manager in any fuit of law or equity, in any of her Ma-jefty’s four-courts in Dublin, the county palatine of Tipperary, or in any court- of record tn thi* kingdom, or in any eccldiaftical court, or court of admiralty, or as clerk in any ffieriffs office, or on any commiffions iffiied out of any court of equity, before he fhall have taken the oaths, and fubferibed the declaration in the faid aft mentioned, as alfo the oath of abjuration following, in one of her Majefty’f four-courts in Dublin,

I A. B. do truly andftneerely acknowledge, profefs, teflify, and declare in my confcience, before God and the world, shat our Sovereign Lady Queen Anne is la wful and rightful Queen of this realm, and of all other her Majefiids dominions and countries thereunto belonging. And 1 do fojemnly and fincerely declare, that / do believe in my confcience, that the perfon pretended to be prince of Wales, during the life cf the late King James, and fence his deceaje, pretending to be, and taking upon himfelf theftyle and title of. King of England, by the name of James the third, hath not any right or title whatfoevtr to the * crontjn of this realm, or any other the dominions thereto belonging ; and I do renounce, refufc, and abjure, any allegiance or obedience to him. And I do fwear, that 1 will bear faith and true allegiance to her Majefey queen Anne, and her will defend to the utmoft of my power againft all traiterous confpiracies and attempts whatfoever, which Jhall be made againft her perfon, crown, or dignity. And 1 will do my heft endeavour to difclofe and make known to her Majefey, and her fuccejjori, all treafons and traiterous confpiracies, which 1 fball know to be againft her or any of them. And I do, faithfully promife to the utmoft of my power to fupport, maintain, and defend the limitation andfucceffton of the crown againft him the faid James, and all other perjons whatfoever, as the fame is andftands limited by an ah, intituled. An aft declaring the rights and liberties of the fubjeft, and fettling the iucceflion of the crown to her prefent Majefty, and the heirs of her body,, being Proteftants : and as the fame by one other ad, intituled.

An aft for the further limitation of the crown, and better fe-

curing

r

Digitized by

Google



The Jixth Year of Anne. curing the rights and liberties of the fubje£t, is andft andj limited, after the deceafe of her Majefty, and for default of ijjue of her Majefty, to the princefs Sophia, eledorefs and dutchefs dowager of Hanover, and the heirs of her body being proteftamts. And all thefe things I do plainly andftncerefy acknowledge and/wear, according to thefe exprefs words by nu Jpoken, and according to the plain and common fenfe and under-ft an ding of the fame words, without assy equivocation, menial evafion, or fecret reftrvation whatfoever. And I do make this recognition, acknowledgment, abjuration, renunciation, and fromife, heartily, willingly, and truly, upon the true faith of a Ckriftian.

So help me God1

II.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-laid, That if any papift or reputed papift, (hall after the firft day of Michaelmas term next, prefume to pra&ice or w£t as follicitor agent, or clerk, contrary to the purport and meaning of this or the (aid former aft, every perfon fo offending (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds, to be recovered in fuch manner as in and by the faid former a& is dire&ed, and alfo incur and fuf-fer the other penalties and difabdities in the (Said former aEt mentioned.

III.	And for the greater eafe of fuch perfon or perfons as are minded to fue for the recovery of the faid fum jof two hundred pounds, be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid firft day of Michaelmas term next, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons whatfoever, who (hall fee or know any papift or reputed papift to pra&ife or a£t as follicitor,

rt, manager, or clerk, openly in any of the courts laid, to demand and deiire that the oaths and declaration herein before mentioned be forthwith tendred to him by the court; and in cafe the perfon or perfons, fo charged with pra&ifing or a&ing as aforefaid, (hall thee refine to take the faid oaths, and fubferibe the faid declaration, and proof be made by the teftimony of two or more credible witneffes upon oath, to the fatisfa&ion of the lord chancellor, or other judge or judges, before whom fuch caufe depends, that the perfon fo charged hath a&ed as follicitor, agent, clerk, or manager, openly in the faid court before him, then, and in fuch cafe, or upon the con-feffion of the party accufed, the lord chancellor, or fuch other judge or judges, (hall order the perfon fo refiifing to take the laid oaths, and fubferibe the faid declaration, to be recorded as a popifh follicitor convi& of the faid offence; and every fuch perfon fo recorded (hall from thenceforth be taken, deemed and adjudged a popifh follicitor convift

Digitized by Google

The fixth Yiar of Anne.	461

of the (aid offence, and (hall forfeit to the perfon or per- A* D. ions, at whofe inftance the (aid oaths and declaration were	170•f,

fo tendred to him, the (aid fum of two hundred potmds. Chap. 6. and (hall be committed in execution until he pay the fame j and (hall alfo incur and fuffer the other penalties and difabr-lities-in the faid a& mentioned.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- ' faid, That no barrifter, attorney, officer, or other pra&ifer

in law or equity, (hall be allowed to infift upon any privilege, fo as to exempt, excufe, or hinder them, or any of them, from giving their evidence or teftimony, and anfwer-ing on oath, as to their knowledge, in any matter that (hall or may come in queftioft on any fuit brought upon this or v the faid former a&.

V.	And forafmuch as the fafety and profpecity of this * kingdom very much depends on the due execution of fueh

laws, as have been made for the fecurity of the Proteftant intereft thereof; and that the fame are in a great meafure fruitrated and rendred ineffectual by Papifts being returned to ferve on grand juries in the feveral counties of this kingdom, as alfo on petty juries for tryals of feveral offences committed by papifts, in breach and violation of fuch laws : for remedy whereof be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid firft day of Michaelmas term next, no papift (hall ferve on, or be returned to ferve on any grand jury in her Majefty’s court of Queen’s-bench, or in any court before juftices of affize, oyer and terminer, or goal-delivery, or quarter-feffion«, or in any court in the county Palatine of Tipperary, unlefs it (hall appear to the juftice or juftices of fuch court, that a fufficient number of Proteftants cannot be then had fbr that fervice 5 and that in all tryals of iffues on any pre-ientment, indi&ment, or information, or a&ion on any of ' the faid ffatutes, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the profecutor or plaintiff to challenge any Papift returned as juror to try the fame, and affign for caufe that the perfon fo returned to ferve is a Papift ; which challenge the juftice, judge, or judges, before whom the fame (nail be try-ed, (nail allow and adjudge the fame to be a good and a loyal challenge.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That no attorney, fix-clerk, follicitor, officer, or deputy-officer, in any of the courts aforefaid, (hall after the (aid firft day of Michaelmas term next prefume to take, keep, or have any papift, or reputed Papift, to be his apprentice or clerk ; and that no officer or deputy-officer (hall willingly and knowingly permit, fuffer, or allow any fuch popifh follicitor, agent, or manager as aforefaid to view, fearch, or infpea any of the records, pleadings,

s	rules,	,

Digitized by v^ooQle

sf6z	The	fixtb Year of Anne.

A. J).	rules, orders, or entries, in hib or their office or offices, or

1707.	otherwife to praftife or aft as follicitor or agent there, up>

on pain and forfeiture for every fuch offence fifty pounds, to be recovered by fuch perfon or perfons as will fue for the fame, by writ, bill, plaint, or information, in any of her Msycfty’s courts of Dublin ; in which no effoin, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance (hall be allowed.

VII.	And for the better encouragement of thofe, who (hall profixute fuch as (hall offend againft this or the (aid former aft; be it further enafted by the authority afore-fiud. That all and every perfon or perfons, who (hall be fued or profecuted for any offence done againff this or the (aid former aft, (hall be kept and held by the court, in which he or they (hall be fued or profecuted to fpecial bail.

VIII.	Provided always, That nothing in this aft contained (hall be taken to extend to hinder any perfon or perfons, that was or were known as profeffed common folli-citors, managers, or agents, in any caufe or caufes, fiiit or Xuits, in any of the courts of this kingdom, in the reign of King Charles the fecond, and that hath been adjudged to be comprehended within the articles of Limerick, made upon the furrender theieof, and hath taken the oath of abjuration before the firll day of July one thoufand feven hundred and feven ; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

IX.	Provided always. That nothing in this aft contained (hall be taken to extend to prohibit any perfon or perfons, plaintiff or defendants, in his or their own fuit or fiuts only, or to any menial fervant, afting as fuch for his mailer in his fuit or fuits only, in any of her Majefty's courts of this kingdom, and for no other perfon whatfoever.

CHAP. VI I.

An A3 for !ejcning Sheriff’s Fees on Executions.

No fees for executions for more than due.

WHEREAS on executions by elegitsy fieri facias, capias tu{ faiisj agendum, and on literati>, writs of pofieffion, and other executions, the fheriffs and other officers, having execution of writs, ufually demand gtfeat, excdlive, and unlawful fees : for prevention whereof, be it enafted by the Queen's moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confcnt of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by authority of the fame. That no (heriff or other officer having execution of writs (hall, frdm and after the fixth day of

November

Digitized by LjOOQle

Fee I id.

The fixtb Tear of Anne. *

November m the year of our Lord one thoufand fevco hundred and feven, receive or demand fees for executions either on judgments, ftatutes, or otherwise, for more than tvhat the party, at whofe fuit the execution iffues, or his, or her, or their attorney or a^ent (hall under his or her hand, certify to be jullly due to him or her thereon; and that at the tiifie any writ of execution fhall be demanded or called for in any office in this kingdom, whence fuch execution is to iffue, the party demanding the fame (hall lodge with Parties de-the officer a writing, or certificate, under the hand of the party or parties, for whom fuch execution is demanded, [mificlec oF or of his attorney, containing fuch fum as the party, at fondue, whofe fuit fuch execution (hall iffue, demands and infills on to be in good confcience due to him, after all equitable deductions that ought to be made out of the fum, for which the faid judgment is given ; which certificate (hall be filed Certificate filed, in the faid office, and the fum therein contained (hall be cn- fam cntcr” tered in the book, where the executions are entered, and alfo on the foot of the writ of execution that (hall iffue; for all which the fee of twelve pence, and no more, (hall be demanded or taken; and that no fheriff or other officer having execution of writs fhall, from and after the faid dixth day of November in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and feven, levy any other or greater fum, or demand or receive more fees on fuch executions. No more fees than for fuch fum as fhall be fo entred on the foot of fuch on executions execution, notwithftanding fuch execution fhall contain a	fum

greater fum, than is fo entered on the foot thereof; and that no execution fhall be executed, at the foot of which fuch entry fhall not be made as is aforefaid.

II. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That in cafe on any fuch execution the fheriff, or any other

officer, having executions of writs as aforefaid, fhall, after

the faid fixth day of November in the year of our Lord

one thoufand feven hundred and feven, demand or receive Penalty on

fees for more than appears to be due by fuch certificate, officer demand-

that fuch fheriff or under officer fhall be liable to the a&ion

or fuit of the party againft whom fuch execution iffues,	•

and fhall forfeit and anAver to the faid party, his, her, or

their double damages: and that if the party or parties, at pm at

whofe fuit fuch execution fhall iffue, or his, her, or their whofe fuit not

attorney or agent, fhall negledl or omit to deliver an at- delivering at-

tefled copy as aforefaid of fuch certificate, together with coP7.

fuch writs of execution, or fhall appear wilfully, fraudu- ccr cmtc* c*

lently, and malicioufly to have over-charged the party,

againft whom fuch execution iffues, in fuch certificate given

in or made by them, that the party, at whqfe fuit fuefi

execution iffues, fhall afe aforefaid forfeit- a^d anfwer tq

Digitized by L^ooQle

Tbe fixth Year tf Anne, the ptrtf grieved, his, her, or their treble damages? which fold execution fhafl be marked with the fum contained in the bud certificate by the proper officer ifTuing filch execution;

IIL And be it likewife declared and ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That front and after the faid fixth day of No* vcfflber hi the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and feven, on all executions by capias ad fatisfacien-Fees to officer dum, fieri facias, or elegit, where body, goo<!s, or chattels

Penalty.

Execution marked with fum in certificate.

on cap. fat. fier. /a*, or eUgit.

Where goods in execution amount not to demand, feet only for fo msych.

are taken in execution, the fberiff or other officer aforefaid ftiafl and may, after fuch execution executed, demand and take for his fees for fuch execution the fum or poundage of twelve pence per pound for the firft hundred pounds, and fix pence per pound for every other hundred pounds, and fo proportionably for any greater or lefier fum of what fhall appear to be due to the party plaintiff by fuch certificate, and no more, except only in cafe where goods and chatties only are taken in execution, which do not amount to the value of the plaintiffs debt or demand; and that in fuch cafe the fhcriff, or other officer as aforefaid, fhall or may take foes or poundage, according to the above-mentioned rate, for fo much only as the goods or chattel taken in execution fhall be valued at or amount unto, and as he fhall levy and pay over to the plaintiff.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afort-fiud, That from and after the faid fixth day of November in th^e year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and feven, on executions by writs of eiegit, extendi facias, capias

On execution *tlagatum, liberate, and all other executions againfl lands, again# lands, tenements, or hereditaments, where the fame only fhall be where pofleffion feized into the Queen’s hands for the benefit of the fubjed, frf *iL	pofleffion only fhall be delivered, that the fberiff

or other officer aforefaid fhall and may demand and take the fum of one pound fix fhillings and eight pence for executing the fame; and no more or other fees of poundage, or otnerwifc: and that on executions by writ of eiegit, hccruit, and in aU other cafes where a&ual pofTeffion of lands, tenements, or hereditaments fhall be delivered, the fheriff or other officer aforefaid fhall and may demand and receive x uu uuc twe*vc	in	the	pound, fo as the (aid fees upon any

■oTto exceed si onc execution do not exceed tbe fum of five pounds; and and on bob ip cafes of babete facias pojjejfionem the fum of two pounds fief, al 109. $cc. ten fhillings, and no more; which fees, and no more or other gratifications or reward, lie fhall and may receive, but fhall not demand or receive tbe fome, until the faid writ or writs are duly and fully executed.

V.	And Whereas through the great corruption and partiality of fub-fheriffo and their bailiffs it is now become very difficult to have any meafne procefs or executions dnly

executed,

where a&ntl pofleffion, izd.

per I

Fees on one

Digitized by

Google

The fixtb Tear of Anne. cxeentecf, but returns are made, that the party, againf! A. P. tvhom fuch procefs or execution iffues, is not to he found, 1707. or that he hath no lands or goods, although the contrary Chap. 7. he true: be it therefore ena&rd by the authority afore-fait!. That from and after the faid fixth day of November in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and feven, where any fheriff fhall on any meafne procefs or on OteriffN re-exectrtkm return, that the perfon, againil whom fuchcurn f* „

r	r	• Kr	°	.	1	r	t invtnttu Of m*lU

meaine procefs or execution limes, cannot be Found,	thc	plaii;-

that he hath not any goods or lands, that in fuch cafe tiff may take the party plaintiff may take out the fame, or any otherout	or

meafne procefs or execution, dire&ed to all or any	to

coroners of the faid county, who fhall and may execute the	’

fame without any further direction or regard to the faid fheriffs; any former law, ftatute, or ufage to the contrary notwithflanding : and that thereupon the faid coro- wj1Q may tier or coroners is and are hereby authorized and impow- bail, ered to take bail for the appearance of fuch perfon or perfon s taken by him or them on meafne procefs, as the fheriff may or might have done, and fhall be liable to an action, liable cm in cafe of any efcape of any perfon in his or their cuflody efcape, on fuch meafne procefs or execution, as the fheriff fhould have been, if the faid writ had been executed by him; and that the faid coroner or coroners fhall and may take fuch fees, and no other or more, for execution of the faid fe- \fcc fee*, veral writs, than as is by this a£ appointed : and in cafe the faid coroner or coroners fhall commit any peifon or perfons, fo taken by them, to the county goal, the goaler is hereby directed and required to receive and detain goaler to re-them.	ccivc Prif°ncr*-

VI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore* penalty on faid, That from and after the faid fixth day of November officer not doing in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and his duty as feven, where any fheriff or other officer or officers * as herein, aforefaid lhall wilfully negleft, delay, or refufe to execute any fuch executions, or to do any part of his office therein, or fhall demand or receive any other fee, gratification, or reward, than as above-mentioned; or fhall not hold tin enquiry on fuch writ of elegit, extendi facias, or capias mlagatum within ten days after fuch e legit, extendi facias, or capias utlagaium delivered or tendered to him or them, or fhall hold luch enquiry at any place fave the chief town in the county, or fuch other place as fhall be agreed on between him and the party delivering fuch writ to him, or without giving notice in writing eight days before the execution thereof to the faid paity of the time and place of holding fuch inquiry, that fuch fheriff or other officer in every fuch cafe fhall forfeit and anfwcr to the party grieved the fum of twenty pounds, or treble damages, at * Vol. II.	-	Gg	the



Digitized by

Google

The Jixth Tear of Anne.

A. D theefo&ion of the plaintiff, to be recovered in any of her *7°7% Majefly’s courts of record ; and that \yhere any money is or (haU be received by fuch fheriff or other officer on any execution, the fame (hall be paid on demand, or within c' fix days after, to the party, at whofc fuitthe (aid execution iffues, or to bis or her attorney or affigns, after the return Penalty, of the faid execution be out; and in cafe he or they delay double the fum or refufe to do the fame, that he or they fo delaying or to plaintiff. refuting (hall anfwer and pay to the plaintiff, or any per-fon by him, her, or them lawfully authorized, double the fum fo levied and received : and if upon any fucb enquiry any leafe for years (hall be found, that before the fale thereof, the fherifF or other officer aforefaid, before whom fuch enquiry (hall be fo held, (hall after fuch enquiry give notice in writing under his hand, that fuch leafe has been found, and therein name the parties, both plaintiff and de-If leafe for fondant; and the debt, intereft, and coils demanded, and yew* found. the lands or tenements found thereby, and affix the (aid notice in the nyofl publick place in the (hire-town of the county, town, or city, wherein fuch leafe-hold lands and 1 tenements lie, by the fpace of eight days before any fale fhall be made by fuch fheriff or other officer of fuch How much jcafe . provided always, that no more fhall be recovered Scaped00	any	fheriff,	coroner,	or	marfhal of the Four*

* *	courts in any allion of efcape to be brought againfl

him or them, than the fum or fums fo certified to be due, with colls of court, and damages for non-payment.

CHAP. VIII.

Afl A,:i for explaining and limiting the Privileges of Par-Lament.

Recital of 5. XT THEREAS by a flat ute made in this kingdom in £.4.1.	y V ^ie year of Edward the fourth, late King

of England, and France, and lord of Ireland, intituled. An act whereby the lords and commons of the Par Lament hath pfivihd^e for certain days before and after the faid Pari ament, it is declared, “ That no minifter of the faid Parliament! coming or going to the faid Parliament, dur-u ing forty days before and forty days after the faid Parli-“ ament finifhed, fhould not be impleaded, vexed, nor and of 10 b* u troubled by no mean 2” and whereas by one other a& U C. 1. a. made in the tenth year of Charles the firfl, late King of England, Scotland, France, and Ireland, entituled, An Aft for new executions to he J'ued againjl any which hereof ter Jhall be\tcLvered out of execution by priviledge of Parliament ; it is recited, “ That doubt had been made, if *ny

u perfon

Digitized by C^ooQle

'The fixtb Tear nf. Anne.	4.67

*f perfon being am (led in execution, and by priviledge of A. D.

“ eitlier of the houfes of Parliament fet at liberty, whe- 1707.

ther the party, at whofe fuit fuch execution was pur- Chap. 8.

“ fued, be for ever after barred and difabled to fue forth “ a new execution in that cafe ; therefore it is hereby en-** acted. That from/thenceforth the party, at or by whofe “ fuit fuch writ of execution was purfued, his executors M or adminiitrators, after fuch time as the priviledge of “ that fefTiou of Parliament, in which fuch priviledge “ (hall be fo granted, (hall ceafe, may fue forth and ex-“ ecute a new writ or writs of execution in fuch manner “ and form as by the laws of this realm he might have 1 O. a. 8.

“ done, if no fuch former execution had been taken forth dtereJ.

“ or fervednotwithftanding which latter llatute, great doubts have arifen upon the words in the laid firft recited Doubu. adl, what (hall be underwood and meant by the faid words, viz* After the jaut Parliament Jmijhea; for explanation whereof, he it ena&ed by the Queen's mod excellent Ma* jelly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpi* ritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That for ever hereafter the priviledge of Parliament (hall begin Privilege 4 forty days before the beginning or meeting of every Parli* da78 bcforc ament, and (hall continue during the fetting or adjourn* ^fdays after ment of this or any other Parliament, and forty days after prorogation or the prorogation or diifolution of this prefent and every pther diflblution. Parliament.

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That where any plain- Plaintiff ftop-tiff (hall by reafon of priviledge of Parliament be llayed or ^ barred prevented from profecuting any fuit by him commenced, fot. 0t lim. fuch plaintiff (hall not be barred by any llatute of limitation, nor (hall his fuit be difeontinued for want of profe-

cution, but ey^ry fuch plaintiff (hall be at liberty from time to time, immediately after the rifing of the Parliament, to proceed to judgment and execution, as if fuch plaintiff had not been hindered from profecuting his refpeftive fuit by reafon of priviledge of Parliament.

III.	And be it further ena&ed, That from and after the end of this prefent feffion of Parliament, it (hall and may be lawful to and for all and every perfon and perfons, durr ing the continuance of priviledge of Parliament, as the fame is hereby before declared, to dillrain the goods and chatties of any peer, lord of Parliament, or member of the houfe of commons, for the arrears of any rent, duty, or fervice now owing, or which (hall hereafter become due to any fuch perfon or perfons, and to difpofe of fuch

diftrefs or diftrefles in like manner, as if the goods and Diftrefs for chattels fo dill rained did not belong to any member of fcnt» dur-either houfe of Parliament; any priviledge of Parliament, in£ Privlltg«-G g z	,	or

Digitized by

Google

Trainee, guardian, executor, or admin ift/ator, not privilcdged.

Qneen's debtm or ac-compt^t> .not privilcdged.

fcithis ptpfbn {lot, tohe ?rxeu-cdor impri Toned during privilege.

^The Jixth Tear if Anne, or any former law, ftatute, or ufage, to the contrary hot-with (landing.	i

. IV. And be it further eha&ed and declattd by the authority afbrefaid, That no peer, lord of Parliament,' or member of the hoiife 6f commons, who is or ftiall be a truftce, guardian, executor, or adminiftrator, hath of fhaH have any benefit of priviledge of Parliament In ahy action or luit, which (hall be commenced or profecutec! againft him or them as trurtee, guardian; executor, of adminiftrator, in any court Of law or equity, Or lri any ecdefiiflical of other coiirt whatsoever; any ftatute, law, cuftdm, of ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

V.	And be it further ena&ed; That no a&iori, fUft; cefs, order, judgment, decree, or proceeding in law of equity againft any original and immediate debtor to thfc Queen’s Majefty, her heirs of iucccflbrs, for the retoverf or obtaining of any debt or duty originally atid Immediately due Or payable to her Majefty, fief heirs or fhcccf-fors, or againft any. accomptaht or perfon ari(werable of liable to render any account unto her Majefty; hfr heirs oi fucceftors, for any part or branch of her or tHeif revehtifcs; or for any Other original br immediate dbbt of duty, dof the execution gf any filch procefs, ofaef, judgmeiit, decree, or proceeding ftiall be impeached, ftopped, or delayed by or under colour or pretence of any priviledge oT Parliament ; yet fo neverthclcfs that the perfott of any filch debtor or accomptant, or perfon anfwerable or liable to account, being a peer of this realm; or lohi bf Pafliament, fhall got be liable to be arfefted or imprifooed by of hpon any fuch adlion, fuit, procefs, order, jbd^rtient; deertfe, or proceedings in law or equily ; of, being i irtbihbef of the houfe of commons, ftiall iiot during thfc cohti-nuance of the priviledge of Parlfaitieiit, is the feme ft herein before limited, be arrefted or imprifoned Bj' or upon any fuch adtion, fliit, procefs, order; judgment, decree, or proceedings.

CHAP. X.

An Aft for the Amendment of the Lera;, ar. 'd fbe Setter Ad~

•jancemcnt rf 'Jrjltce.

On demurrer j'^OR. the amendment of the law in fcvcral particulars* judgment Ih.ill	and for the eafier, fpcedief, and better advancement

accmdm^ to	ju^ced be it enacted by the Queen’s moft excellent

\viy ri^ht, &c. Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lordl fpi ritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament aflemblcd, and by the authority of the fertie, ‘ That from and after the fii ft day of Michaelmas term, which (hall

be

Digitized by O-ooQle

io C. r. rr.

2.

The fixth Tear of Anne, be in the year of our Lord one thouland fevcn hundred and feyen, where any demurrer (hall be joyned and entered in any a&ion or fuit in any court of record within* this realm, the judges proceed and give judgment according as the very right of the caufe and matter in Jaw fhall appear unto them; without regarding any impeyfed-tion, bmiftiori, or defeat' in any writ, return, plaint* declaration, or other pleading, procefs, or courfe of proceeding whatfoeyer, except thofe only whiqh the party*demurring fhall fpecially and particularly fet down and exprefs, together with his demurrer, as caufes of the fame, nhtwhh-(landing thalYifch impeHe^fon, omiflidh or dcfeA, might have heretofore been taken to be matter of iubftarice, fend not aided* by * the ftptute made in the tenth /ear of J£ing Charles 'the firft, intituled,"' An Atffor expedition of juftict in cafes of demurerS) &c/foas fuffiqient matter appear in	,

the faid pleadings. Upon which the court may give judg-ment according to the very right of the caufe: 'and there- terial traverfe, fore from and after the faid firft day of Michaelmas term no &c-advantage or exception (haU be taken qf or for any immaterial trfeverJe,' or* of or for the default of entring pledges upon any bill'dr declaration, or of or for the default of alledging the bringing into court apy bond*, .bill, indenture? of mfeer deed Wnatioever, mentioned in the declaration or Other pleading; or o3F of for the default qf alledging of fhe bringing mtfo court letters teftamentpry, or letters of adminiftration, or of or for the omifiion of <ui armis,

GJ contra pace m> or either of them; or of or for.tjie want of avennent of Roc paralus eft <verificare, or hoc par at us eft *vtrifle are per recordum ; or of or for not alledging prout pater per retorflum; but the court (hall give judgment according to the very righ\ of the caufe as aforeTaid, without regarding any ipclf imperfections, omiifions, and defeats, * or feny oy&er matter of the like nature, except.the fame (hajl be fpecially and particularly fetT down, and (hewn .for caufe q£ demurrer.' ' •

II. And be it further enadled by the authority afoyq- Statutes of

faJd, That from and after {he faid firfT day of Michaelmas jco.fad5 extended

term all the ftatutes \ot jeofaileslhajl be extended to judg- coSc^^nil

ments, which (hall at ahy time afterwards be entered upon Jidt, &c. \*d

confeffion, nihil die it, or non Jam infor mat us, in any court 19 Ga. fa. to

of record ; and no fuch judgment (hall be reverfed, nor any mandamns *r . _	'	•	•	?	•	r	j	j	quo warranto

judgment, upon any writ of enquiry Qt damages executed

thiereori, be flayed or reveried for or ,by reafori of any im-

perfedlion, omillion, defedl, matter, or thing whatfoever,

which would have"been aided or cured by any of the faid

ftatutes of jeofades, in cafe a verdjdt of twelve jmen had

been given in the faid a&ion or fuit, fo as there be an ori-

Digitized by

Google

by attorn ie* for plaintiffs and defendants.

Defendant, or plaiutiff iu re-

Cods.

*fhe Jtjtth Year 6/ Anne 4 ifinai writ, bill, or declaration, and warrants of attorney du" ly filed according to the law as is now ufed.

III.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed by the authoi^ty aforefaid, That the attorney for the plaintiff or demandant

Warrants filed any a&ion or fuit fhall file his warrant of attorney with .r	prope,-	officer	of	the	courts	where	the caufe is depend*1

iug, the fame term he declares, and the attorney for the defendant or tenant fhall file his warrant of attorney as afore-faid the fame term he appears, under the penalties in Aided on attorneys by any former law for default of filing their warrants of attorney*

IV.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore-faid, That from and after the faid firft day of Michaelmas

//rw* may plead, term, it fhall and may be lawful for any defendant or tenant in any a&ion or fuit, or for any plaintiff in replevin,

/	in any court of record, with the leave of the fame court, te

plead as many feveral matters thereto, as he fhall think ne-ceffary for his defence.

V.	Provided neverthclefs, That if any fuch matter fhall upon a demurrer joyned be judged infufficient, cofts fhall be given at the diferetion of the court, or if a verdid fhall be found upon any iffue in the faid caufe for the plaintiff or demandant, cods fhall be alfo given in like manner, unlefs the judge, who tryed the faid iffue, fhall certifie that the faid defendant or tenant, or plaintiff in replevin, had a probable caufe to plead fuch matter, upon which the (aid iffue fhall be found againft him.

VI.	And whereas great delap do frequently happen in tryals by reafon of challenges to the arrays of pannels of jurors, and to the polls, for default of hundredors : for prevention thereof for the future, be it enatted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid firft day of Michaelmas term every ventre facias for the tryal of any iffue in any a&ion or fuit in her Majefty’s court of Queen’s bench, Common pleas, or Exchequer at Dublin, fhall be awarded of the body of the proper county, where fuch iffue is tryable.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That nothing in this ad before ,

h.njr or murder, contained fhall extend to any writ, declaration, or fuit

°cna?rftTrutc ^ aPPca^ W°ny or murther, or to any indictment P ru arutc Qr prefentment of treafon, felony, or murther, or other

matter, or to any procefs upon any of them, or to any Writ, bill, declaration, adion, or information upon any penal ftatute*

VIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid firft day of Michaelmas term, in any adion brought in any of her Majefty’s Four courts at Dublin, or in the county palatine of Tipperary,

where

yer.ite factatt awarded o the body of the county.

. Wot to extend td appeal of fe-

Dic by v^ooQle

The Jixth Year of Anne, where it (hall appear to the court, in which fuch adions are depending, that it will be proper and neceflary, that the jurors, who are to trie the iflues in any (uch adions, fliould liave the view of the meffuages, lands, or place in queftion, in order to their better underftanding the evidence, that will be given upon the trials of fuch iffues ; in every fuch cafe the refpedive courts, in which fuch adions (hall be depending, may order fpecial writs of diftringas or habeas corpora to iffue, by which the dieoff, or fuch other officer, to whom the faid writs (hall be direded, (hail be commanded to have fix out of the firft twelve of the jurors named in fuch writs, or feme greater number of them, at the place in queftion, iome convenient time before the trial, who then and there fhall have the matters in queftion fhewn to them by two perfons in the faid writs named, to be appointed by the court; and the faid (heriff, or other officer, who is to execute the faid writs, (hall by a fpecial return upon the fame certifie that the view hath been had according to the command of the faid writs.

IX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid firft day of Michaelmas term, all grants or conveyances thereafter to be made by fine or otherwife, of any mannors, or rents, or of the reverfion or remainder of any meffuages or lands, (hall be good and effedual to all intents and purpofes, without any attornment of the tenants of any fuch manors, or of the land, out of which the rent (hall be iffuing, or of the particular tenants, upon whofe particular eftates any fuch reverfion or remainder (hall or may be expedant or depending, as if their attornment had been had and made.

X.	Provided neverthelefs. That no fuch tenant (hall be prejudiced or damaged by payment of any rent to any fuch grantor or conufor, or by breach of any condition for non-payment of rent, before notice (hall be given to hint of fuch grant bjr the conufee or grantee.

XI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid firft day of Michaelmas term, no dilatory plea (hall be received in any court of record, unlefs the party offering fuch plea do by affidavit prove the truth thereof, or (hew fome probable matter to the court, to induce them to believe that the fad of fuch dilatory plea is true.

XII.	And be it further enaded by th* authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid firft day of Michaelmas term, where any adion of debt (hall be brought upon any fingle bill, or where any adion of debt or feire facias (hall be Drought upon judgment, if the defendant hath paid the money due upon fuch bill or judgment, fuch payment (hall and may be pleaded in bar of any fuch adion or fuit; and where an adion of debt is brought upon any bond, which hath a condition or defeazance to make void the fame upon

payment

47*

A. D.

1707. Chap. 10.

Where view neceflary, fpecial writs of difiringas- &6.

to iffue.

two perfons to (hew matters in queftion to jur-befere triad.

Certificate of view.

Conveyances good without attornment.

Tenant not prejudiced by payment before notice*

No dilatory received, an left on affidavit, let.

Payment pleaded in bar.

Digitized by

V7v fixth Year cf Anne.

A. D.	payment of a letler Aim at a day or place gertaiu, if the

i joy-	obligor, his heirs, executors, or adminWl raters, have b: -

Chap. 40. fere the action brought paid to the obligee, his-executor* or adminiftrators, the principal and intereft doe by the defeazance or condition of fcich bond, ifreugh fitch payment wa* not made (tritely according to the conditictti or defeazance, yet it (hall and may neventihelofs be pleaded in bar of Aich a&ion, and (hall be as effeftual bar thereof, as if the money bad been paid at the day and place according 40 the condition or defeazance, and had been do pleaded.

XH1. And be at further enofted hy the authority sSore-<?**n**nt__ faid, That if at any time pending an a&jonupon any fucb bringmg riwnqr fofo a penally the defendant {hall bring into the court, In^adioa on where the a&ion frail be depending, all the principal *mo-boud, &c. nay and intardl due «on foch bend, and atfo ftU ifuchtfQfts a# have been expended in any frit or (hits inlaw or equity upon /neb bond, -the /aid money, fo brought iiu, »fra)l be - deemed and taken to be in full fatisfa&iQO and discharge iof the/aidbond ; aad the-goiirt (haU and may give judgment t	to b/charge every fuch defendant of and from -the feme-

accordingly.

Recital 7 Wil ^JV. A°d wheseas by an a& of Parliament:made in the, y l2,	feverish	year of King William ihc .third, jndtukd, An Ad

Jor frem tuition of frauds -and perjuries, it -is -ena&cd, “ That “ no-nuncupate wilbfrall be good, where.theiedate there-, “ by bequeathed-d^U exceed the value of thirty fpopnjis “ that is notpravtu by the oaths of frxjee witn^fibs at the “ lead, that^vore profent at the making thereof be it.

"Wit cfTcs to cna^ec* an^ declared by the authority .afbrefaid. That *U pr<t^ ma«Lpa- frch witnoffes, f^ase rand ought to be allowed to be good witue/es .upon rtryais at law by the laws and cutfomsof this realm, .frail be .deemed good wituefies to prove aqy nuncupative will, or any thing relating thejeunto.

XV. And whereas dtbath been doubted, -whether, finoe the making *the do id bril .mentioned ad of Parliament, the declarations ot creations of ufcs, trulU, or confidence of any 1	hoes	or common -recoveries, maoifefted fry deed made

after .the levying >or fuffering of froh foes pr recoveries, are good and effectual in law : be it further .ona&cd and declared by the authority aforesaid, That all declarations or creations of ufes, trufts, or confidences , of any

DccJ|^on* fiues or common recoveries of any lands, tenements, or nftrer	hereditaments, manifeHed .and proved, pr which h**e-

fnes or recove after frail be manil'died and proved, by any deed d-ric% Ac. roadv marie, or hereafter to be made, by the parties, who is by law enabled to declare kich ufes orAmfts, after >the levviug or fuheriog of any fuch lines or recoveries, aae and flwll be-as .good and effectual m the law as if the (aid Laft-mentioned a& had not been unde.

XVI. And

Digitized by Google

the fatk Tfar tf Apnp. ,	473

XV7. bp it Oirtb.V ,eojAe<3 Ijy .fa	p-	A.	D.

faid. That fto® apd ,ft*r #hp frid Jp;ft day <ff Micbj.^W?	• 797-

tew. Jio ,dwa> °f envy tp&e jnade flf <?/ aoy JI^S, Chap- >9-

tenements, or hereditawaV. #>aU .be Pf jW»y h>r.9e O'- <#<:.& v---y—

to Avoid any Aw Uwc4» Pr to b.e .levied wjith prycljimapops, No olaim ,?r

according tp the fata.of the <l?tute jin that <*(e ffade aM 'n'7

provided in	fa Queen’s.cowV of	Ciorpn^an Pleas a,c E>.uJMw, c[^ti(^s p&c

or in th.e .caur.t ,c$ thewuuty palA9A.e of Tipper^ry^ pf jujiy but a» herein.

lauds,	AT	Jicr^rt^mepts, or frail be a fufrefrnt

ei\try\ar .claim within fre frit^e m*de infre tejifr year .pf

King .Chad^s freftrfrfrtfruled, A»,43 for .limitat/gns of qc-

tiflw, wdfor mfitting frits jp J#np ; imfrftuoon fuefr entry <pr

cfrbpa .*o aftfrn frail Jb»e ,copunenced wkfr.U oqe y,e*r ,ne$c

after the making fuch .entry qr .efrim, ,a.n.4 jprqfecuted .with

effeft.

XVIT. Aud.be it further enfrfted ty.the autheu^y *fo.OB-frid, IfhRt if apy .j^rXqp .qr ^erfan?, ngafrft whoqi there	*fcioni

frail he.any,caA(e ,pf jiftiopor trefrafs,	tipver or maT **

replevin, Jar taking j^vay gQods ,qr (frattels, pr of aftion ^h^haye b£U pf ^pcQapt, .pr ,uppn the cafe, pr of Aebt, grounded ppqn beyond fca. any	qr	.cqntrftft	without	.fpeeialty,	‘.of	debt	for	.fcr-

x^arage^ .of rent, pr affrult, n\W,ce, :battenr, .wounding, and jmprifonmnut, .qr any of .them, be qr frail hc 3VW tirne of apy frch.caufe of frit or aftion ,given or aqcrewefr fallen, or come, beyond the Teas, that then fuch perfqn and peefons, who is.prfrfdl be^eftfctkd JP^tny ,fr<;h frit or aftion, frail ibe at liberty.to bring the f4d,afti°P* ^gjifrft fuch per-fon.and peifrns after tb.eir r.eturnfrom beyond the feas,/o

as they ufre the Gupe after their return from beYot?d tha

feas .within .frch times, as are refreftively liraitted fprfrye bringing of the laid anions.by the lall (nenfioned aft.

XV1LI. And be .it further enafted by the authority aforetaid. That if any perfon or perfops (hall be arrellcfl Bail-bond or from and after the faid firlt day of Michaelmas term by ^her fccurity any writ, bill, pr.procefs, ifriing out qf any of Jier IVlajei-ty's^our courts at .Dublin at the frit of any commpn ip^r-pi^5jC"’° fan, ,and the frerilF ,or other officer taketh bail fromlfuch perfon, againftwhorp frfti writ, bill, or procefs is taken put, the freruf or other offtqer, ac the requell and coll of ,fre plaintiff in fuch aftion or fuit, or his lawful attorney,

. % aHign to the plaintiff.in fuch aftion the bail-bond, or ofrqr £equrit;y taken from fuch bail, by indotfing the tam^» .at\d attelling it under his hand and feal.fr the prefence qf two or more credible jwitneffes; .and if the faid bail-bond «r tUngnment, or other Security t^ken for baii, be forfeited, the pLaintift in.frch aftipn^fter fuch,a(lisnment made, may bring an aftion .and fuit thereupon in /ns Q\vn name ; and 1/ forfeited, the court, .where theaftiodhs frought,;may by rule or rules plaintiff, n^ay of^he frme.cqurt give, frch cejief to the plaintiff and defen- uc' dant in the original aftion, %and ;o ttye Jj^il .upqn the f4d

>nd

\

Digitized by

474

A. D.

^ I707‘ Chap. 10.

Warranties by tenant for life, void as to him in reverlion and collateral warranties by an-ceftor having no inheritance void.

Proce&out of equity.

This and all ftatutes of jeofail, to extend to fuita in Four Courts, tcc.

On quafhing writ of error, defendant to recover cofts.

At fount may e againft exe-utors, &c. of uardian, bailiff r receiver, nd by one joint mant, (*V.

The firth Tear ef Anne, bond or other fecurity taken from fuch ball, as is agreeable tojuftice and reafon; and that fuch rule or rules of the faid court fhall have the nature and effect of a defeazance to fuch bail bond, or other fecurity for bail.

XIX.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore-faid. That all warranties, which (hall be made after the lirft day of Michaelmas term by any tenant for life of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, the fame defeending or coming to any perfon in reverfion or remainder, (hail be, void, and of none effeft ; and likewife all collateral warranties, which (hall be made after the faid firft day of Michaelmas term, of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, by any anceftor who has no eftate of inheritance in poffefiion in the fame, (hall be void againft his heir.

XX.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That no fubpeena, or any other procefs for appearance, do iffue out of any court of equity till after the bill is filed with the proper officer in the refpe&ive courts of equity, except in cafes of bills for injun&ions to quiet poffeffion-, to ftay wafts, or ftay fuits at law commenced, and a certificate thereof brought to the proper officer, who ufually makes out fubpee-naVor other procefs in the feveral courts of equity, under the hand of the officer refpe&ively for each refpe&ive court, who ufually files bills in equity, for which certificate he, fhall receive no fee.

XXL And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid firft day of Michaelmas term, this a£t, and all the ftatutes of jeofailes, fhall extend to all fuits, in any of her Majefty’s Four courts of Dublin for recovery of any debt immediately owing, or any revenue belonging, to her Majefty, her heirs or fucceftors, and (hall alfo extend to all courts of record in the county palatine of Tipperary, and to all other courts of record within this kingdom.

XXII. And for preventing great vexation from fuing out defe£tive writs of error; be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That upon the quafhing any writ of error, to be fued out after the laid firft day of Michaelmas term, for variance from the original record, or other defeat, the defendants in fuch error ihall recover againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs iffuing out fuch writs, his cofts, as he fhould have had if the judgment h\d been affirmed, and to be recovered in the fame manner.

XXfll. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That from and aft,er the faid firft day of Michaelmas term, actions of account (hail and may be brought and maintained againft. the executors and adrmniftrators of every guardian, bail iff, and receiver, and alfo by one joint tenant and tenant in common, his executors and adrmniftrators, againft the other as bailiff, for receiving more than comes to his juft (hare and proportion, and againft the executors

and

Digitized by Google

Auditor* may

Tbe firth Tear of A one. and adminiftrators of fuch joint tenant or tenant in common ; and the auditors, appointed by the coort where fuch action (hall be depending, (hall be and are hereby impowered to adminifter an oath, and to examine the par-ties touching the matters in queftion ; and for their pains ^mmiiter oath, and trouble in auditing and taking fuch account, have fuch ** allowance as the court (hall adjudge to be reafonable, to be paid by the party, on whofe fide the ballance of the account (hall appear to be.

CHAP. XI.

An Aft for explaining and amending tnvo fevered Afts againfi Tories, Robbers, and Rapparees.

FOR the more effectual fupptefling tones, robbers, and

rapparees, and for preventing perfons becoming to- Perpetuated nes, or reforting to them ; be it enadted by the Queen's g^tiScofand mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and co. of city of confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and com- Dublin, 31G. 3. mens in this prefent Parliament aftembled, and by the au> c- 44* £ a. thority of the fame. That from and after the 29th day of September in this prefent year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and feven, all loofe, idle vagrants, and fuch A Vagrants, Ac. as pretend to be Irifh gentlemen, and will not work nor be- ment^/foi^to take them l ei ves to any honeft trade or livelihood, but wan- gaol, tdl fent on <Jer about demanding victuals, and colhering from houfe to board, unlefs fe-houfe among ft their fofterers, followers and others, and alfo for beha-loofe perfons of infamous lives and chara&ers, (hall, upon VI0U^ ^ the prefentmer.ts of the grand juries at the affizes, and at Ul^»ower the general quarter-feflions of the peace of the refpe&ive 0f counties, where fuch perfons keep or frequent, and upon the warrants from the juftices of aflize, or judices of the peace at their refpedlive quarter fefiions, be fent to gaol, and there remain without bail or mainprize, until they (hall be fent on board her Majefty's fleet, or to fome of her Majefty’s plantations in America, whither fuch judice or juftices of the aflize, and juftices of the peace at their general quar- * ter-feflions refpedlively are authorized to fend fuch perfons, unlefs they give fuflicient fecurity to be of the good behaviour

11.	And whereas feveral perfons have made a trade of obtaining robbery-money from the country, pretending to have been robbed, whereas they never were robbed, or were not robbed of near the value and fum they alledge, Notice of rob-and fo get money on that account, which they never loft, benenoaneigh.. to be levied on the country : for prevention whereof be it bouriDg juftfee, further enacted by tbe authority aforefaid. That all per- a# 7 /PSA 3« fons pretending to be robbed (ball not only give notice	j!vc

thereof to fome neighbouring juftice of the peace, a* » couftlble’L. already provided for by a former act, but (hall likewifo, on all robberies, within five days after the fadt give notice

to

Digitized by LiOOQle

f9 V a«Wu-'WWIP-JP.VV w»-

,C<mws“

pay

fl*?‘ fo«W£

lent.

Party committed to gaol.

Harbonrer dete&ing two others, pardoned*

fit J?xtk Ffdr fif'Anpe. t9 the high £Qpft*bJ/5 of tfifi parwy* rbtre foci robbery fhjdl be hedged to he committed; and in .cafe fuch robbery be ^committed jji the djyjfipn pf nqy Jwq baronies, then to tbe high cpnSable* .of both *bp fa# b^onips, who arc hereby rofpe&ivdy required forthwith tp publiih the fame jo *11 the jpwtet-tQWfls of the baipsw where fucb robberies *rp faid Xofre commuted*

| If. And whereas Ah®	inhabitants

of each parifti take upon them, pr *rp fyjcpipoRed .to ap-plot on the inhabitants within their refpedtive parities the money ordered at the ft|Tizps tp he leyied off the county for the re-imburfwg the perfons that are robbed, and do ufual* if fay fhe whole ;burthcn qjp the poorer fort, that arp lea# able to bew it, QX tkte tp jefijl or puffue .tfep Rories, and thereby they pay little or nothing themfelves, who ought Jto ,bp charged according tp their ability : ;fbr xejtifdy vMhoreof be it soared by the authority ftforc/*id> That tj*e party grieved by fuch appprtipqpieot may appeal tp the ne*t gqipg judges qf alfae, who* upon examination upon oa&inq^n.coutfof \he m£tt.crt complained of, (hall determine the fame, and make fuch prd£r, and award fuqh CPUs dierqofi, as itc or they \n *heir difcrqtiqn (hall fo; jfach £oft* to be levied and recovered a* coft? in civil bills are enabled to be recpyqred : and in cafe aqy of die faid perform fMl make qyej or difppfp qf any qf his cy their fpba^nce, in order X9 ey*de vie payment of his or *beir proportions, then.fqeh eopypyance ftmlitb? jpolced on as fraudulent; and upon the.cppipiaint of the rjefpc&iye high cqndahle fo.pneor.more of the neighbouring j prices of the peape, (hall Jfend his or the^r warrants /or fpeh perfon or perfons, and commit ,theW to .gaol, there to yemain without ivul until.they .pay qr give fepu^ty fpr t^e payment of the money fo appjotted on them* fyhj*5# neyertfcelcfs to fwph appeal as Wqrefaid.

J.v. And heit/prdxer.onafled.by thp.authority aforpfaid, That if any harbonrer pf todies or rpbbers £h*U dete& any .other two the like Jwbpwers, fo as fuch tjy° harbourers Aalf be .taken and CQn.yk^ed ,by bis means, then the /aid jharbourer/o detecting the other two shall be difebarged and pardoned .for all his former crimes pf harbouring only.

y. And wheras the papUls of this kingdom.po freq^nt-Jy Jceep private intelligence yvuh tfye French, and other enemies to her Majefty and her kingdoms ; by meaPs whereof /eyeral pans of the fea coafts, arc infefted and often incited hy.French pu<ateers, chiefly rqapned by;Iri(h papijb, a^ho have robbed.feveral of her/VlajeAy's faithful lubjedls of #1 their fubftance, by the contrivance and encourage-jxicnt cf other their popilh friends in this -kingdom: for f rcvepiing jvhere°f* be it further enabled by the authority ^fpre&id. That jdl/uch robberies fo be committed during

this

Digitized by t^.ooQle

The jiklh fear of Ahne. tliis prefent war, arid Ioffes fuAaifiAd ffeerefey by any perfoh or performs, (hall be br^fented at (he next £erife'ral aflizes for the county wherfe fiJch ftifebefy (hall fee committed, fey the grand jufy of fdcH fcodnty. aftef dufc notice jjiven thereof* to the high conftdble of cdnftafeles of* the t6\frns or feirbhies, according t6 the dirfe£t!ori in this adf concerning other robberies ; and After fucK pf-fefentihfeht ritade futli order fiiati be made at fuch aflizes for ihfe FAlifcf of fdcfe periods fo tobbed as dforefald, Add for re-lifibtirfiilg them iuch lofles as thfey fliall refpeflivtly fiiftain thereby, and for appjottihg and levying the fame dri the ldnds, teheihehts, and hereditaments, goods ahd chittlcs, ofdli the popifti inhabitants of thb country where Tiich rdbbery fliali fee committed, in the fadie manner as hiohey I* td fee levied fob robberies by papilis by the Aforfcfaid Adt, idtlluleil, An <LS? fir the jfufi prejftng tor id, robbers, and rfiparces.

Vi. Arid be it futtfter eha&eddhd dfeclired, That every p^feritmefit ^refeiitment for any robbbry, lo be hereafter made fey vir- it fcext ajfiZet, toe of this or the faid former d£t, jftiatl be at Ihe next aflizes urilefs notice^ after fuch fobbery fcomftiltied, ana jidt at ahy other affixes carihotbegifcfa. AFteBvards, Qnlels fucli robbery Ihall fee committed fo near to the time of holding fuck aflizes, thdt 09 due notice can be given bf fbch tbbber^ before the firft day of iuch next Aflizes, According to the direction of this and the faid former afti, in Which cafe it Ihill and iriay be lAwFul for the > pe'rfon rdbb&d to prefer his petition, phd to obtain fuch pre-fehtment At the neit aflizes After fuch due notice fliall be givieii As afdrefaid.

VII.	This ad to continue For feven years From th£ fcnd of this preffent Parliament, and from thence to the end of the he3ct feflioh of Parliament, after the expiration of the faid Teveh }ear$, arid no longer.

tfeAP. XII.

An A 7 fir 'the continuing and perpetuating of di vers L&vus anil Statutes heretofore temporary, andfir amending of the 'La w in relation to Butler Cafes.

WHfek fe A S feveral a&’s And flatutes made and enabled in this Parliament begun at Dublin the twenty firft day* of September, in the year of our Lord one thou-Vand feveh hundred and three, in the fecond year of the Veigfi of our moft gracious foveraign lady Queen Anne, and from thence continued by feveral adjournments and prorogations to the tenth day of February one thoufand feven hundred and four, being the fccond feflion of this present Parliament, were only temporary laws, which by experience are found to be good and profitable laws For this kingdom, and fit to be continued and made perpetoal j be

it

Digitized by t^-ooQle

Recital of xo IVU. j. a. a G. i. 16. A G. i. ia.

8 G. I. 7 10G. i. 9. ia G x. 5 13 G. a. 1a. ai u. a. 7. a9 G. a. 8. Tare of butter to be marked.

at which buyer to take it, unlcf* he ob-j«ds at the time, when he may ftrip calks fufpe&ed:

In what cafes butter forfeited.

Tie fixtb Year of Anne, it therefore enaded by the Queen’s mod excellent Majeflr* by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritoai and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament aftetn-bled, and by the authority of the fame. That one a d intiT tuled, An alt for lejj'ening the duty cn rape-feed to be export-ed\ and alfo one other ad intituled. An alt to regulate the taking and ex ailing tolls throughout this kingaeps, and to prevent the engrojjing of coals in the city of Dublin ; and alfo one other ad intituled, At all againjl borfe feeding, and to prevent the buying and felling of flolen borfes, and for pa-nijhing all accejjarits to felons; and alfo one other ad intituled, An all for regulating the weights ufed in this kingdom ; and that fait and meal jhall he fold by weight; and all claufes, provifions, and articles, in them and every of them contained, (hall continue and endure in force for ever.

II. And whereas by an ad intituled, An all for reforming abufes in making of butter-cajks, and preventing of falfe packing of butter : amongft divers other, things in the faid ad enaded, the tare of all calks for butter is ascertained ; notwithflanding which many undue pradices are ufed and abufes committed in relation to the tare of butter-calks, to the manifell difeouragement of thofe who deal therein : for remedy whereof be it enaded by the Queen's molt excellent Majeily, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament alTembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the firlt day of May, which lhall be in the year of our lord one thoufand feven hundred and eight, no perfon or perfons whatfoever lhall fell or expofe to fale any calk of butter, whereon the tare of fuch calk lhall not be fairly cut or imprinted with a marking-iron on the lide of fuch calk, at which tare the merchant or buyer thereof (haft be obliged to take the fame, unlels fuch buyer lhall at the time of the fale in the prefence of the feller objed againft the faid tare ; in which cafe it lhall and may be lawful to and for the buyer to ftrip any one or more of fuch calk or calks, as he (hall fufped to be above the tare fo marked; which ftripping lhall be at the proper cofts and charges of the buyer thereof; and if after flapping of fuch calk or calks, they or any of them lhall be found to have more than one pound and a half in the half hundred calk, or more than three pounds in the gieater calks, of what tare is marked on the ndes of the refpedive calks fo flapped as aforelaid, the butter which was contained in the faid deceitful calks (hall in fuch cafes be forfeited to the buyer thereof, due proof thereof being lirrt made before the next juftice of the peace of the county, or county of the city or town, where the faid butter wa* expofed to fale, by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes,

other

\

Digitized by Google

The fixtb Tear of Anne.	479

other than the party or parties concerned in ^thc buying of A. D. the faid butter; which oath the faid juftice is hereby tm- 1707. powered to adminifter, and finally to hear and determine accordingly : and if any buyer (hall refufe to accept the tare Buyer refuf-of the caffe marked as aforefaid direfted and appointed, or to ““P1 for his own lucre and gain (hall in a fmifter manner endea- (e^cepTin'^fe vour to oblige the perfon, who expofes the faid butter to aforefaid) lhall fale, to allow any greater tare than what is marked on the upoa conviftion faid cafk, except it be in fuch cafes aforefaid where the calk forfeit to feller fhall be flripped as aforefaid, and the batter forfeited ac- *c-cording to the tenor of this aft, fuch buyer or buyers being thereof convifted before the next juftice of the peace of the county, city, or town, where fuch butter fhall be ex-pofed to fale, by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witnefs or witnelfes, other than the party or parties concerned in the fale of ftich butter (which oath or oaths the faid juftice of peace is hereby impowered to adminifter) fuch buyer or buyers fo refufing lhall for each offence forfeit to the feller, or perfon expofing the fame to fale, the fum of five pounds, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods of the party offending by the warrant of fuch juftice, before whom the party was convifted, over and above the price of the butter, which the faid buyer fhall caufe to be ftripped; both which fums of money the juftice of the p?ace aforefaid, before whom the conviftion aforefaid was, is hereby enabled and required to caufe to be forthwith levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods of the offender, by warrant under his hand and feal, unlefs the party or parties offending fhall pay, or caufe the fame to be paid, to the party aggrieved without fraud or delay.

CHAP. XIV.

An A% to prevent the D if orders that may happen by the marching of Soldiers, and for providing Carriages for the Baggage of Soldiers in their March.

WHEREAS great diforders and abufes have been committed by foldiers in their marches through this kingdom, to the damage of divers of her Majefty’s fubjefts : for remedy whereof be it enafted by the Queen’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by authority of the fame. That from and after the firft day of November one thoufand feven hundred and feven, no detachment of fo!- No diers above fifteen in number fhall march through any part ”Cm^i■ch^th-, of this kingdom without one commilTioned officer at leaft; out an officer:* which faid officer lhall, under pain of forfeiting his com-miflion, constantly march with the faid foldiers or troops,

and

Digitized by

^$6	$%i	fixth	VtAr	<tf	Anme.

A. TT.	*fi<J keep them together affd eMife, and rfialf be atffWeraM#

1707.	tot all tre/jftffes and Offences, which the foldiers under his

Chap.. 14. comiridftd, of dfiy of them, (hall1 refpe&ivefy Commit ill thrir marches, ind thill give fatisfa&ion for the fame rtf infvrerafcle Atattnef as hereafter !$ mentioned : (that r$ to fay) If afty for crdjilltt: filch foidier or fetdterS, trooper Or tfoopefs, dfcVrOg their tWafch, fhdll commit dny trefpafs Or other offence, t6 the dairi2i££ df Atiy df her htfajefty^s ftfbje#s, that thert and ift fufch cafe tftd dtttCr cofnmaitding fuch foidier or trooper, iipoh Corrtplalftt Of fife party injured or of afiy other oft his behalf, is hereby feqfiired 10 cStlfe immediate reparation or on complaint, reftltutloA tbb£ m^He t0 fdch petfdn Of perfons, who ihafl to caufe repara- make tfctfiplUftt, Of bfi Whofe behalf Complaint fhall be tl0°*	made to fuch officer, of any trefpafs err Other injury dooe

to hi hi Or them by ar.y fotdler or trooper under the command Of ftifch officer as aforefaid; ana in default thereof maeiftrite^all ^ Party ihjufed, or fotnC other bn His behalf, is hereby a i cert am da- ith powered tb fepdlt t6 the tf£*t juftice of the peace for the mage.	tduiity, of tb the mayor, fovtt&lgn, dr other chief magis-

trate of the thy, borough. Or town-corporate, where fuch ofrefltt (hall be committed, and by oath of the party injured, Or oF any Other credible perfon, to prove and make appear before fuch juftice of the peace, mayor, fovereigd, Or other chief inagiftrate, the particulars of the damage dbhe to fiith peHbd or perlbns by any fuch foidier or trooper, whereupon the faid juftice of the peace, mayor, fove-ifelgh. Or other chief magiftfate, h hereby required to af-cfehajhlhe damage fuftalned by the party complaining, by certififeate uttder his hand and lHl; fbr whith no fee Of reward is to be paid br taken : and in Cafe foth officer or officers, upon producing and tendering to him fuch certificate. Officer to pay do not pay luch daitihge, (6 certified, within fix hours to in 6 horns, on the party complaining or producing fuch certificate, every pam of 5I. fitch officer lhall Forfeit the fumof five pounds, toie paid by the paymaftfer-generah or his deputy fbr the time bring, without delay, fee, or reward, to the party producing fuch certificate ; and the faid penalty or forfeiture is by the faid paymafter-general to bfe deducted ou«^>f the pay of luch officer fo offending.

Serjeant or Jl; And be it further Shafted by the authority aforefaid, corporal with That no detachment of foldiers uhder fifteen in number fhaii detachment un- riterch through any pan of this kingpin without a ferjeant dt* 13.	ortorp&ral, which laid ferj'caitt br corporal is conllamly to

march with ftfch detechment, and keep them ititire, uhder pain of being cAftiiend, Or of fofiering corporal putiilh-ment, at the ele&foh of the officer commanding fuch detachment : and in cafe any fuch foidier or trooper fhall hi thrir fidd march commit any trefpafs or other offence, to beforcaraUOn ” t^!^ainaCe °f atoy of her Majefty’s fubjefte, upon com-orc’	plaint thereof to fuch fcijcaiit or corporal, immediate rtftt-

tutioa

9	fa jfxtb Ytmr tf Anne, ttstion or rbparition (hall be madfe to the party coffiplaihing A. D. by fuch ferjeant or corporal; ahd in default thereof the par-	1707.

ty injured is 4icreby im powered to prove his damage, and Chap. 14. to procure a certificate thereof in manner before-mentioned 5 aoi npon producing filch certificate to the officer, to whdfe company or troop luch foldicr or trooper (hall belbng, fnch officer is hereby required immediately to pay the fum cer- h* default, lifted, not exceeding forty (hillings* to the party complain- to *** ing or producing fuch certificate ; of which fum fo paid the laid officer is to dedudl one moiety out of the pay of the a moiety from ferjeant or corporal, that marched with fuch detachment, efficer, the other and the other moiety but of the pay of the foldier or foldiers *rom foldierf. cool (hitking fuch trefpafs; but in cafe fuch officer ihall neg-le£l to pay the fum certified as aforefaid within twelve hours after producing to him fuch cfeMifitate, fuch officer For evfery p^nl]j* ^ fuch negle&and refufal (hall forfeit the fuih of five pounds, officer 5?. to be phtd and flopped in manner as is above-mentioned.

III.	Repealed by 13 k 44 G. 3. c. 8./ 37.

IV.	And be it further en&fed, That if any military of- rv. Rtp. splicer or officers, for the ufe of whofe troop, compdny, of and 24. C. 3, detachment, foch carriages Ihall be provided, Ihall force c« *• f 37* arid conftrain the owner or driver oh ahy car or carriage to

travel with his car or carriage more than onfe day’s march, atcording to the rout, or fhall nbt dHfchatge the fame within two hours after they come to the end of fuch days march, or Ihall fuffer any ioloier or tervant or any Woman, to ride in any -car or carriage fo provided, of (hall force ariy con-liable or petty conftable by toehate, or otherwifb, to provide faddle horfes for luch offiter Or officers, his Or their fervhnt*, or fhall take of caufe to be takfch, by force* any horfe or horfes from the rfcfp£6tive owrier or owners thereof, every fuch officer Ihall for every fuch offeftce forfeit the fum of fbrty fhiHings, probf thereof being firft made upon oath before one of her Majefty’s jullices of the peace for the fiffie county, nr before the chief magilltaie of the place, where fuch offence Ihall be committed ; Who are to make certificate thereof to the pay mailer-general of her majefly’A fortes in this kingdom ; who is hereby required, upon the receipt of ftich certificate, to pay the aforelaid fum of forty (hillings to the party injured ; and the faid paymafter is hereby impowered to deduct the fame out of fuch officers

pay.

V. And be it farther loafed, That no fuch wheel-car y Rcp or carriage (hall beloaden with above four hundred pounds and 24 G. 3. *' weight, nor any flide-car with above two hundred pounds c. 8. f. 37. weight; and that no owner of foch carriages fhall be Compelled to take any loading, or be forced to proceed ih the fnarch with his rtfpeftive carriage, till fuch time as the officer, of other perion, who (hall require fuch carriage, do pay down in hand to the owner of fuch carriage, or his (errant, tnl futns herein after mentioned, for every mile or

V6l. IT.	H	ii	reputed

Digitized by L^ooQle

4?2

A. D.

.707. Chap. 14.

3 G. a. 10.

mtn e*'ar$ed n paid to of* ficer.

Where quartet* Hull be allowed.

Penalties on dtrtroyiug game, poultry, llill.

The fixtb Year of Anne, reputed mile they are to march : (that is to fay) two pence per mile for every wheel-car, and one peny per mile for every Hide car ; which fum or fums, to to be advanced and paid by fuch officer or officers for fuch car as aforefaid, ihail be repaid to fuchcjficer or officers, by the paymalttrr-general, or vice trealurer of tins kingdom for the time be-ug, on oath made by fuch olfijcr or olficers before one of her Majefty’s juftices of the peace, or chief magiibrate of any city, or corpor/te town, of his or their payment of fuch fum or fums for carriages as aforefaid.

VI.	Repealed 25 G. 3. c. 2b.

VII.	Repealed 23 & 24 G. 3 r. 8./ 37.

VJ11. And be it further enacted, that no officer, foidier, or tropper in her Majeily's army, nor the iervant of any officer, nor any attendant on the train of artil.ery, nor any ycorr.an of the guard, or battle-axes, nor any officer commanding the faid yeomen, nor any fervant of any fuch officer, (hail at any time hereafter have, receive, or be allowed, any quarters in any pari of this kingdom, fave only during fuch time or times as lie or they lhall be on then* march as aforefaid, or during fuch time as he or they lhall be and remain in fome feaport town, or other placet* the neighbourhood of a fea-port town, in order to be tranfport-ed, or during fuch time as there (hall be any commotion in any part of this kingdom, by reafon of which emergency her Majefty’s army,or any confiderable part thereof, (hall be commanded to march from one part of this kingdom to another.

IX.	Repealed 4 G. I. r. 7.f 6.

X.	And be it further enaded, That from and after the firit day of November one thoufand feven hundred and fe* ven, if any officer or foidier (hall without leave of the refpedive lord or lords of the manor, under his or their hands and foals firft had and obtained, take, kill, or deftroy any hare, coney, patridge, pheafant, pidgeon, or any other fort of fowl or poultry ; or if any officer or fol dier (hall deftroy any fi(h, or her Majeily’s game within the kingdom of Ireland, and (hall be thereof convi&ed upon the oath or oaths of one or more credible witnefles, before any juilice or juftices of the peace, who is and are hereby impowered and authorized to hear and determine the lame; every officer fo offending, and being fo convifled, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of five pounds, to be diliributed by the faid juftice or juftices of the peace amongft the poor of the p;ace, where fuch offence lhall be committed; and every ouicer commanding in chief upon the place, for every fuch offence committed by any foidier under his command, and of which fuch foidier (hall be fo convicted, lhall forfeit the fum of ten (hillings, to be paid and diftributed in manner aforefaid ; and if upon fuch con-viClibn and demand made of fuch respective penalties by the conftable, or overfcer of the poof of the parilh, where fuch

offence

Digitized by Google

The Jixth Year of Anne.	483

rtffence toll be committed, fuch officer (hall refufe, or (hall A. D. by the (pace of ten days neglect to pay the faid refpedive 1707* penalties, fuch officer(q refuting or neglecting (hall forfeit, and is hereby declared to have forfeited his commiffion, and his commiffion is hereby declared null and void.	Biller*	to

XI.	Provided always, That no civil magiftrate or confta- thofe •nly ble be obliged to find quarters for, or give billets to, more whofenaxnts or other foldicrs than thofe only, whole tn*e chriilian and delivered in far names (hail be delivered to him in writing under the writing» hand of the officer defiling quarters or billets fee fuch foldiers, at the time fuch quarters or billets are defired $ all which names (hall be written together, and delivered in one piece of paper figned as is aforefaid, and theebriftian and fir* names of every foldier to be quartered or billetted, together with the name of the perfon, on whom he or they* fh ill billetted or quartered, (hall be given in writing by* the con fh ble or civil officer billetting or quartering fuch fol-dicr, and be contained in the billet given by fuch civil officer.

CHAP. XV.

At Aft to ftp fly the Defefts, ami for the bitter Execution of an Aft, ent it tiled, An Ad for the avoiding of privy and fe*

Ciei Outlawries of his Majefty’s Subjects in Perfonal Actions.

WHEREAS by an ad of Parliament made in this . .

kingdom in the reign of King James the firft, en- Jf tituled. An aft for the avoiding of privy and fecret outlaw- y\^c ^ and if ries of his Majejiy’s Jubjift, in ferjonal eft ions ; it is amongft G. 3. c. 45. other things therein contained enaded in thefe words: (viz.)

“ That from and after the end of the term next enfuing •• the end of this prefect feffion of Parliament, in every 44 adion perfouai, wherein any Writ of exigent (hall be awarded cut of any court, one writ or proclamation (hall " be awarded and made out of the fame court, having day “ of tejte and return as the faid writ of exigent lhall have “ direded, and delivered of record unto the (heriff of the “ county wliere ihe defendant at the time of the exigent fo “ awarded (hall be dwelling, which writ or proclamation (hall contain theeffedof the fame adion; and that the “ (he riff of the county, unto whom any fuch writ or pro-“ claniation (hall be direded, lhall make three proclamati-**- ons in this form following, and qot otherwife, (that is €t to fay) one of the faid poclamatiotis in the open court,

“ ar.d another of the fame proclamations to be made at the “ general quarter ic(lions ol the peace in thofe parts, where “ the party defendant at tne time of the exigent awarded " (hall be dwelling, and one other of the faid proclamati-fi ons to be made one month at the lead before the q:tin:o H n 2	*' ml.

Digitized by LjOOQle

4 H	Yhe	fixth	Year	of	Antic.

A* D. t( exaflus, by virtue of the faid writ of exigent, at or near 1707.	‘f to the nx>ft ufual door of the church or chapel, or in

Chap. 15.	*• cafe there be no church or chapel, in the church yard of

“ that town or parifb where the defendant (hall be dwelling <r ac the time of the faid exigent fo awarded ; and if the “ defendant (hall be dwelling out of any parifh, then in ** fucb place as aforefaid of the parifh in the faid county, 44 and next adjoining to the place of the defendants dvvell-44 ing, and upon a Sunday ; and that all outlawries had and “ pronounced after the end of the term next enfuing the “ end of this prefent feffion of Parliament, and no writ of 44 proclamation awarded and returned according to the form " of the ftatute, (hall be utterly void and of none effeft : “ and that the officer, in whofe office the faid writs of txi-44 g ats and proclamation ffiall be made, lhall take no more “ for the making of any fech writs of proclamation, or the ^ entering of the fame of record, but fix pence fieri, and 44 that the fherififs for making of the faid proclamation at 44 or near to the church or chapel-door as aforefaid, (haH 44 have twelve pence fieri. and no mere which faid law, though very good and whelfome, hath been very much perverted and abufed by the evil praftice of many perfons omrrttd on and afed contrary to the tenor of the faid aft, and hath not obtained the good ends intended thereby : fur remedy whereof, and for prevention of the like abufes and evil practices for the future, and for a fur-No quint* ex- ther fupplement to the faid law, be it enafted by the Queen’s returned moft tKdknt Majefty, by and with "the advice and confent °*1*^’*/ J. of the lords fpivitual and temporal and commons in this tin	P**fe** Parliament affembkd, and by authority of die fame,

of two wh- That an<* a^t0F twenty eighth day of November, neficf of procla- io *hi« prtfont year of our Lord one thoufend feven hon-mation*. Sec. <frtd a«*d feven, no quinto exodus (hall be returned by any coroner in this' kingdom upon the exigent in any perfonal aftion, until affidavit to be made by two or more credible wkneflfcs, it (haH and may appear to fuch coroner, that feck proclamations, as in- and by the faid recited ad are acquired, are and have been made.

IL And be it further enafted by the authority afbrefaid. Affidavit with That&eh affidavit fe tnadu Avail, together with the exigent, extent returned ^ ^turned by the coroner to the dfcrk of the outlawries, to derkof out- there to be hied amkrenwi* w his-caftody ; and that from lawries.	and after the fesdt wenty t*ghch* da y of November one thou

fend feven hundred and feven, no clerk of the outlawries (ball i&u* or make out any copras ut lag arum upon any exigent fo returned, tilffoeh affidavit beftrft filed with, him as aforefaid, upon a forfeiting to the party grieved, for every . capias utlagatum iflued contrary to this aft, the fum of t«.lrn&«£ forty pounds, to be recovered fcy«^on of debt i» any of till affidavit fib her Majeiry’a court* of record m Dublin, in which no elfbm, c<j.	protefbon.







Sheriff! to et* ecute writs of

The fixth Year of Anne, protection, or wager of law (hall be allowed, nor more than one imparlance.

111.	And for preventing delays of (heriifs in returning fnch writ or writs of proclamations as (hall be directed and delivered to them, be it farther enafted by the authority aforefaid. That all and every the (heriff of any county or procU^atlu.. city in this kingdom, to whom any fuch writ or writs of truere-

8reclamations from and after the faid twenty eighth day of turns. &c.

fovemberone thoufand feven hundred and feven be directed and delivered, (hall duly execute the fame, and thereof make true return at the day of the fame writ or writs appointed, together with fuch affidavit as aforefaid, open pain to forfeit fuch fine or am-rciament unto the Qgecn’s	-*

Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, as by the diferetion of the judges or juftices, befoffc whom fuch exigent (hall be returned, fhall fet.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Declaration That every declaration or declaration?, to be liied from and in fuch^utlaw-after the faid twenty eighth day of November one thou- ^ after rever-fand feven hundred and ieven by any plaintiff in fuch out- fa£ &c. lawry again It the defendant or defendants therein, al ter re-verlal thereof, and entring bail, as by the faid recited aft is preferibed, (half be for the fame catife or fum contained in fuch writ or writs of proclamations to be directed and dtJ livered as aforefaid, and for no other caufe or fum; any	'

law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary in any wife notwith-flanding. And if any plaintiff or plaintiffs in fnch parfonai action, his or their attorney or attorneys, (hall from and af-rer fuch reverfal as aforefaid file a declaration or declarations againft fuch defendant Or defendants as aforefaid for any caufe or fum, other than what is contained in fuch writ of proclamation as aforefaid, then every fuch defendant or defendants fhall and may plead this law in bar to every fuch other caufe or fum contained in fuch declarati^ oo contrary to this law.

V.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,	^.j	flot	an_

That from and after the twenty eighth day of November fwcrabic *ny one thoufand feven hundred and feven, where any bail (hall other Cult, be given in aftron or fuit in any of the four courts in Dublin, that fuch bail (hall not be anfwerable, or charged, by rcafon of becoming bail as aforefaid, in any other aftion or fuit, or for any other matter or caufe wiiatfoever, but the particular aftion or fuit, in which fuch perfon or perfons (halt become bail, and no other; any practice or ufage of any of the faid courts to the contrary thereof notwithitanding.

VI.	And be it further enacted. That if any outlawry be outlawry, had or pronounced from and after the twenty eighth day of and no writ of November one thoufand feven hundred and feven, againft proclamation, any perfon or perfons in any aftion perfonal, and no writ void • or proclamation is awarded and returned as is aforefaid,

(hat then every fuch outlawry to be utterly void, and of no

effeft

Digitized by L^ooQle

The fixtb Year of Anne, effeft or force in law; and that all outlawries had after the faid twenty eighth day of November one thoufand feven hundred and (even contrary to this aft, be avoided by aver-Outlaries ton- ment or plea, without fuing any writ of error, tnuy to th;e ad

MoWtd-	CHAP. XVI.

An Aft for the more effeftualpreventing ik' taking away and marrying children againfi the fVills of their Parents er Guardians.

WHEREAS by a (latute made in this kingdom in the tenth year of Kin* Charles the firft, intituled, C. i. il-ftf- 3. An Aft for the punijbvtent cf fuch as pall take away maidens that be inheritors, being within the age of fixtecn years, or marry them without the cogent of th:ir parents ; every perfon or perfons above the age of fourteen years are thereby pu-nifhed with fine and imprifonip?nt, who Pnall take or convey away, or caufe to be taken and conveyed away, any maid or woman-child unmarried, being within the age of fixteen years, out of or from the pofleflion, cuftody, or governance, and ogainft the will of the father of ftich maid or woman-child or of f»ich perfon or perfons to whom the father of fuch maid or woman-child by his lad will, or by any other aft in his life time, hath or (hall appoint, and order the education and governance of fuch maid or woman-child, and (hall contraft matrimony with the faid maid or woman-child, as by the faid aft more at large appearcth ; which faid puniftiment is not fufficient to deter wicked and covetous men from committing fuch heinous offences, but the fame are daily perpetrated, to the great difple afore of Almighty God, and the great heaviness and grief of the relations and friends of fuch perfons who are fo unlawfully mbov/il take ta^en awa7 : ^or reformation whereof, be it enafted by the away anheirefs,	moil	excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and

under 18, from confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in parent or guar- this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of dian, and with the famCj That if any perfon or perfons above the age of t/aft matrimo11" f°urtcen years, from and after the firft day of November By.	one thoufand feven hundred and feven, by fraud, flattery,

fair promifes, or other indireft means, (hail fecretly allure, take, and convey away, or caufe or procure to be taken or conveyed away, any maid or woman-child, having fubftance in lands, tenements, or goods, or being heirefs to her an-ceftor, and within the age of eighteen years, out of or from the pofpflion, cuftody, or governance of the father or mother of fuch maid or woman-child, or out of the cuftody or power of the guardian or guardians of fuch maid or woman-child, againft the will of the father or mother of fuch maid or woman child or of fuch perfon or

perfon*

Digitized by v^ooQle

The fixth Year of Anne.	487

perforis who fhall then have the guardianlhrp of fnch maid A. D. or wcman-chiid, or of fuch othe- perfon or perfons as fhall	1707.

then lawfully have the order, keeping, education or go-	C tap. 16.

vernment, of any fuch maid or woman-child, and (hall con- v— tra£l matrimony with fuch maid or woman-child, by and with the confent of fuch maid or woman-child, the laid perfon or perfons, fo taking away or procuring to be taken away* and marrying the faid maid or woman child without the confent of the parent or guardian, and in cnfe there be no parent or guardian appointed, then and in fuch cafe of the lord chancellor, lord-keeper, or commiflionors of the great feal for the time be ng, and be thereof lawfully convi&ed, fhall fufferimpriiunment for the foace of three years without penalty three bailor mainprize, and fhall be adjudged and taken to be for years imprifon-ever incapable and difibled to have, recei- e, or take any ment, anJdii** manner of ufe, profit, or benefit whatsoever, in law or	ter

equity, of all or any part of the ellate real or perfonal, ° to which fuch m «id or woman-child, or any perfon or perfons in trull for fuch maid or woman-child at the time of fuch marriage, or at any time thereafter, are or (ball be feizedof, interelied in, or intituled unto

11. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Hereflate That the eilate real or perfonal, which fuch maid or woman- veiled by chan-child, or any otr.er perfon or perfons in trull for her^ (hall j? tru^cc* be interelled in, or intituled unto, at the time of fuch mar-riage, or at any time afterwards, (hall upon the convi&ion of luch perlon or perfons, fo taking away and marrying fuch maid or woman-child, be from the time of fuch marriage veiled in fuch trullees as the faid lord chancellor, lord keeper, or the commiflioners of the great feal, IhaTf thii k fit to nominate and appoint; fubjeffc nevertheltfs to fuch payments, charges, and demands, as the fame wr.s liable to at the time of fuch marriage : and upon this further trull and confidence that fuch truftees, and the fiirvivor and furvi\ors of them, fhall and may receive the rents, if-iues, and profits, of the faid real and perfonal eftate, ancf manage tne fame to the bell profit and advantage during the joint-lives of the perfon fo marrying : and in cafe fuch woman happen to furvive her faid hulband, then to the if (he funfives, a intent and purpofe that the faid trullees, and the furvivor of proportion for them, fhall pay unto fuch woman out of the rents, i/Tues, *icr maiutc-and profits of the premiles, fuch proportion thereof for and	an

during her natural life for her maintenance, as the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or the lords commiilioners of the great feal fhall direct and appoint; and alfo fuch fum and iurns of money for the maintenance and education of the children of fuch woman, as (h^ll be appointed as aforefaid and upon this further trull, and to the intent and purpofe, that the faid eflate real and perfonal, and all the profits and produce thereof, other than what fhall be difpofed of as aforefaid, or in payment of fuch debts as the fame was liable to before the laid marriage, and other than what (hall

. '	be

Digitized by Google

Remainder upon her death

%1* fixth far Anue, bf ttcptfyily expended by tfet find truffota in mcud«B of the fad trim, (hajl from or after the death of fuch woman <b manned as atorefaid defcend, go, aivd remain to fach perfon and perfons, as the fame would have dope in cafit ^is aft had never been made.

Ilf. And be it farther enafted by the authority afore-.

to |erfon» inti- (aid, That if any perfon or periods (hail at any time after

Perfuading fon of a perfon

the faid firft day of November one thoufaud (even hundred and feven, by any fubtile means, or fecret inhnuauans and having" 50V* ftr delufions, threats or menaces perfwade or procure the fcua annum y or soel. and heir apparent, or other Ton, of any perfon or perfbna perfonal, or of having lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of the yearly eoAAtomarry v^uc fifty pounds, or perfcmal ellate of the value of five hdfew *1, with- hundred pounds, or (hall in manner aforefaid perfwade or mu confect, procure the elded fon or any other foo, of any period, or pe#^ (bps deceafedto contraft matrimony without the privity or confent of the parents or guardians of fuch elded or ocher fon, a,nd fuch matrimony be had as aforefeid before fuck fcp attain the age of twenty one years, every fuch pesfoa pr perfons contrafting matriipony without the privity and confent of fuch parent or guardian, and in cafe there be no parent or guardian appointed, then and; in fuck cafe of the lord chancellor and lord; keeper, or coromifiioners of the

Sreat feal for the time being, (hall be and is hereby petered incapable and for ever difabled to fue for, recover. Or demand any dower, thirds, or any other part of the real, or peifoual eftate of fuch (bn or (bns, or claim or demand any jointure or other provisos out 0/ the real or perfonal eftate of fuch fon or ions, made to or in troll for her, by any will, deed, or fettlement whatfoever.

IV, And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Xhat all perfons who (hall be acceflSaries, aiders, abettors,

. .f or procurers, before the (aft committed, in all and fingolar ynr^impntoa- ^ feveral offences hereinbefore mentioned, being lawfully convifted thereof, (hall fader three yeajrs imprifon-ment.

difabled to demand dower,

Ac.

Aeceflariea fuffer three

V. And be it further enafted by the authority afbrofaid, Beneficcd That if any perfon (hall after the foil day of November, clergyman c©- 'm the year of our Lord one thoufand fovea hundred and manSaf d^ ^ven* embrace, or take upon him* to, celebrate, any marri-pnvedf jU. i age of any fuch perfons as afbrefaid* without fuch coufent as aforefaid, and be thereof lawfully convifted, every fuck perfon, being a bene feed clergyman within thi* kingdoor, lhaij be immediately from and after fach conviftiop ipjbfctflx deprived of all ids fpiriiuai livings and ecclcfiaftical preferments, the fame are hereby doctored to be. from thenceforth void; neverthetefs no. lafjk Quit incus on. any fuch avoidance* until the end. of fa months after notice riven tQ the rcfpeclave petfood 9$ fach coaviftiaa as. afore-laid ; and. fuch clergyman fo convifted (ball from and afar fuch ccnyiftipn be ^capable. of any* fpiskual preferment oc

poocootioa

t

Digitized by L300Q le

Other ©ff*n-

*Tbe fixth Ttar of A^inc. promotion » this kingdom, or of receiving*'any beneft thereby; and every other perfon fo offending and convi&ed as afbrefaid lhall be tranfponed out of th]s kingdom in fuch manner and form as perfons exercifing foreign juril-di&ion, and popilh regulars, are by law appointed to be tranfported : and if fach porfon fhall after fuch tranfporcation	trwifpvtr

return into this kingdom, he (hall fuffer all fueh pains and cd* penalties as perfous exercifing foreign jbrifdi&ion, and popilh regulars iranfported, and after returning into this kingdom, ate by the laws of this realm fubjeft unto.

Vi. And be it further caa&ed by the authority aforefald.

That if aaiy popilh prieft (hall, after the firft day of No-.

Ycsnber one thousand fovea hundred and feven, prefamc to Penalties on ce/ebrau* the marriage of any the perfons aforefaid, con-	Pncft£c*

uary to the true meaning ef this a&, or fhall celebrate	UC

matrimony between any perfons, knowing that at the time of fuch marriage they, or either of then\, is of the protef-tant religion, every fuch popilh pried fo offendiivg, and be-iug thereof lawfully convi&ed, IhaM be deemed, judged* ,

?nd reputed so bo a popilh reguhr, and (hall fuffer ajl the paias, penalties, and forfeitares of a popilh regular; any thing contained in an aft, intituled, An Ad Jor the regifr toning tbk popish cisrgy in this kingdom, tg the contrary in any wife netwkhftanding.

VLI. And W it farther ehafted by the, authority afore* feid, That if arty maid or woman be taken or carried away by force againft he? copfent, and after be married or * woman dWiled bw/uch perfon or perfon? who carried her away, or and marry or * by any other perfon, by his or their affent or procurement, defile her felony whether foch marriage or defilement be, with or without the in principals wxd Qoofimt of foch maid or woman, fo carried away by force	^c*

vd again!* her will as aforefoid, every foch perfon fo mar- orc’ rying or defiling fuch matd or woman, and the aiders and prQ-04/cvn of foch forcible taking away of fuch maid or wq* man, and all, as w«U principals as accefthries before fuch feci eaaunUwd, fhall k>fe the benefit of clergy, and (half be deemed and adjudged to be felons, and foall fqffer pain* of death without benefit of clergy ; any former law to the contrary thereof not with ftaadir.g.

V Hi. And if any perfon or perfons, being principal or offenders aeoftffery before ftjeh offences committed as aforetud, fhall mute, or chal-bfi indited and arraigned for the taking away of any fuch lenging perem-maid or woman by force, again# her confent, and marrying Ptorily a°ove or decking foch maid* or woman as aforefaid, and upon.his,twcnt7’feiony; or uhdus refpodbve try ala fltatt ifond mute, or make no dij*<S asiwer, ov challenge peremptorily above the number of twenty> he, op they, in every foch cafe (halt fuffer the paiaa of death wtthou* the benefit of the clergy.

IX.	And whereas John. O Bryan, who was bred a papift, A cUufe a-W* is a. perfon of no fortune, hath forcibly taken away gainft John O Margaret Mac Namara, an infant of the age of thirteen Bryan for fore-

years.

Digitized by LiOOQle

i ig away Margaret Mac Na-mara, veiling her eft ate in trufteca.

The fixtb Year •/ Anne, years, out of the potfeJIion and cuftody of her mother Margaret Mac Namara, with, intent to force the faid minor to marry him the faid John O Bryan, and to that end hath by force detained the faid minor forCome months pa ft in his cuftody : be it further ena&ed by the authbritv afbre-faid. That if the faid Margaret Mac Namara junior, hath fince the eighteenth day of April, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and feven, (on which day (he was forced away, as afore laid) inter married with the faid* John O Bryan, in fuch manner as that the faid marriage may not be diflolved or declared void by the ecclefiaftical laws of this kingdom, then the fortune, to which the (aid Margaret Mac Namara junior was intitled before ftich marriage by her father’s will, or otherwife, being upwards cf two thoufand pounds fterL (hall be and is hereby vetted in the faid Margaret Mac Namara the mother, and Simon Purdon, efquire, "»ho were appointed guardians of the faid minor by her faid father’s will, upon the following trotts ; (that is to fay) That they the faid Margaret Mac Namara the mother, and Simon Purdon, and the furvivor of them, and the executors and adminiftrators of fuch furvivors, (hall out cf the annual intcreft or produce of the faid fortune pay for and towards the feparate provilion and maintenance of the faid Margaret Mac Namara junior the annual fum of fifty pounds fieri, to be received by her to and for her own ft parate ufe, and to be difpofed of by any tiire&ion under her hand, without the intermedling of the laid John O Bryan , during the joint-lives cf the faid John O Bryan and Margaret Mac Namara junior ; and in cafe the faid Margaret Mac Namara junior ihall out-live the faid John O Bryan, then in trutt and to the intent that the faid Margaret (hall receive the full ufe and produce of the faid fortune during her natural life, as well what (hall become due above the faid fum of fifty pounds per annum, appointed for her feparat? maintenance during the joint lives of the faid John O Bryan and Margaret Mac Namara junior, as whit (hall become due after nis death, in cafe llie furvivehim; and after her death, in truft as well the faid principal fom as the intereft thereof, to and for the ufe of fuch child or children, being proteftants, as (hall be begotten on the body of the faid Margaret Mac Namara junior by the (aid John O Bryan, or any other hufband (he (hall happen to marry ; but if the (aid Margaret Mac Namara junior (hall dye in the life time of the faid J6hn O Bryan, leaving one or more child or children, begotten on her body by the faid John O Bryan, then in truft and to the ufe of fuch child or children if they be bred proteftants : but if the faid Margaret Mac Namara junior happen to dye in the life-time of the faid John O Bryan, leaving no? child or children by him begotten on her body, or if (uch child or children (hall doc

Digitized by LjOoq le

Tbt fixtb Year of Anne, be bred prote Hants, or if all fuch children fhall dye before their ages of one and twenty years, and unmarried, then in trull and to the ufe of the (aid Margaret Mac Nam^ra fenior, her executors, adminitlrators, or afligns.

491 A. D.

CHAP. XVII.

A1 A cl for Jipprejiag Lotteries, a*id Gaming-Tables.

WHEREAS an a<5l paffed in this kingdom in the tenth year of his late Majclly King William of glorious memory ngainft deceitful, diforderjy, and exceflive giniing; which law has not had the intended good efFed, and feveral evil difpefed perfons for divers years lalt pad have let up many mifehievous and unlawful games called lotteries, and have thereby mod unjuftly and fradulently got to themfelves great fums of money from the children and Tenants of fevcr.il gentlemen, merchants, and traders. Recital of and from other unwary perfons; and likewife other evil* 10 ^ 3- lf-difpofed perfons do keep publick and open gaming-tables, where young gentlemen, and other unwary perfons, play at dice and cards for great fums of money, to the corruption of youth, the utter ruin and impoverilhment of many families, and to the reproach of the laws and government of this realm : for remedy whereof be it declared and enabled by the Queen’s mod excellent Majcfty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by authority of the lame. That all publick lotteries, ajj lo^ic* and gamin?-tnb!es, and ail other lotteries and gaming-ta- andgami»gta-bles that mall be kept in any pHblick houfes in any city, hies (except at town corporate, or place within this kingdom (other than chief governor's the Groom porter’s table, to be kept within the walls of |.cr^ her Mnj city’s cadlc of Dublin, or other houfe in which the	*

chief governor or governors for the time being (hall refide, during the time fuch chief governor or governors (hall actually refide .herein, and no longer) are and (hall be deemed, taken, and adjudged to be common and publiclc nu-fances ; and that all grants, patents, and licences for fuch licence*void, lotteries and gaming-tables are void and againft law, and fiia.ll be fo deemed, taken, and adjudged.

11. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid.

That from and after the firil day of November, which (hall be in the year of our Lord God one thoufand feven hundred and feven, no perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall publickly exercife, keep op' n, (hew, or expofe to be playedat, drawn at or thrown at, or (hall publickly draw, play, or throw at any lottery or game of fortune, either by or with dice,lotts,

cards.

Digitized by Google

49*

A. D.

,?°7* Chap. 17.

Penalty on offenders, not above 40s.

for want of diftrefs. whipped.

The fixib Year of Anne, cards, balls* or any other numbers or figures whatfoever; and that no perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall publickly exercife, keep open, (hew, or expofe any gaming table or tables, device, or place, where any perfon or perfons fhall play at dice or cards for money or goods, or (hall bett or lay any wager or wagers on the Tides or hands of fuch who play only for fport and paftime : and that if any perfon or perfons mall after the faid firft day of November exercife, expofe, open, or (hew, to be plaid, thrown, or drawn at, any lottery, play, or device; or (hall publickly exercife, keep open, (hew, or expofe any gaming-table or tables, device, or place, where any perfon or perfons (hall play at dice or cards for money or goods, or (hall bett or lay any wager or wagers on the fides or hands of fuch who play for any money or wager, or only for fport and paftime, every fuch perfon or perfons (hall forfeit fuch fum of money for every fuch offence, as any two juftices of the peace, or chich magiffrate of any city or town corporate, where the offence lhall be committed, (hall adjudge fit and reafonabk, upon proof of the matter before nim upon the oaths of two credible witneffes, fo as that fuch fum for any fuch offence doth not exceed the fum of forty (hillings fieri. which juftices of the peace, or chief magiffrate, is hereby impowered and required to fummon the party complained of, and to hear and determine fuch offences, and by warrant under his hand and feal, to caufe the faid money to be levyed hy diftrefs and fale of the goods of the perfon or perfons fo offending; a moiety of the faid money and penalty to be to the ufe of the party, who (hall inform the (aid juftices of the peace, or chief magiffrate, of the faid offence ; and the other moiety to the ufe of the poor of the parHh where fuch offence (hall be committed: and if no fufficient diftrefs can be found, the party or parties offending (haft by order of the faid juftices of the peace or chief magiffrate be publickly whipt on feme market day in the open market of the faid city, town corporate, or next chief town of the county where the offence (hall be committed.

HI. Provided, That every information concerning of-.	fences	mentioned in this a£t, be within ten days after the

m tea ys, c. 0flrence committed, and the profecution and warrant for levying fuch penalties as aforefaid be had thereon within one month after fuch warrant had.

C H

A P.

Digitized by LjOOQle

The Jtxth Tear of Anne.

493

CHAP. XIX.

A. D.

,7°7*

An A SI for fettling and firtferving a public k Library for every in the Houfe for that Purpofe built by bis Craci Narciffus, nO'tv Lord Arcbbijhop of Armagh, on Part of the Ground belonging to the Arcbbijhop of Dublin's Palace, near the City of Dublin.

HERE AS the mod reverend father In God Nar-

ciflus, lord archbifliop of Armagh, primate and metropolitan of all Ireland, in the time that he was arch-bilhop of Dublin, did, out of his generous inclinations to the publick jjood 6f this kingdom, for the propagation of the true Chnilian religion as by law eitablimed, and for the encouragement of learning, at his own great colls and charges cre& and build a fair large houfe upon part of the garden or ground belonging to the houfe of Saint Sepub-chers, which is the ancient feat or palace of the archbi-fhops of Dublin, near to the city of Dublin : and has alfo by the confent of his grace William, lord archbilhop of Dublin, fitted, prepared, defigned, and appointed, the fecond llory, or floor of the faid houfe for a publick library for ever, for the ufe of all perfons who (hall refort thereto, at the hours appointed for the library keeper’s attendance; and (hall conform themfelves to the rules, orders, and dire£li-ons of the governors thereof for the time being: and has alfo provided all things convenient for the better order, ufe, and (landing of the books therein, intended to be kept; and hath Ukewife fitted and prepared the ground-rooms of the faid houfe for the accommodation of the reverend Mr. Elias Bohereau, the prefent library-keeper, and his fucceflors, keepers of the (aid library for ever; and hath alfo laid out a piece of ground for a court or garden to the faid houfe, and another piece of ground for the enlargement of the laid houfe, and making a convenient paf-fage thereinto for the lord archbifhop of Dublin from his faid palace, when it (hail be thought fit fo to do; and, to avoid any inconveniences that might attend the archbilhops of Dublin by means of a puUick paffage through their faid palace, hath made a convenient way or paffage to the faid houfe from Saint Patrick’s Clofe, with the confent of the dean and chapter of the cathedral church of Saint Patrick’s Dublin, and has inclofed the fame with a done-wail, and placed agate at the entrance thereof; the faid way or paflage containing eighty four feet in length, and nine feet fix inches in breadth, the faid ground, whereon the f.iid houfe is built, together with that which is laid out for making an addition to the faid houfe, and for a court or garden, thereto, containing twenty perches and one hundred lixteen

feet

6

Digitized by Google

^ The Jixtb Year of Anne.

A* D ^cct P^antat^00 meafure, be the fame more or left, bcund-*70- * ed on the North by a parcel gf ground belonging to the Chap. 19. treafurer of Saint Patrick’s Dublin, ninety nine ft et and ^fix inches ; on the Eaft, by a garden belonging to the arch-’ bilhop of Dublin’s palace, fifty four feet, and by par of the laid palace fifty feet and fix inches; on the South, by the back-way or pafihge leading to the archbilhop of Dublin’s palace, fixty one feet fix inches, and by part of the faid palace, thirty five feet; and on the Welt, by the church* yard of Saint Patrick’s Dublin, and by part of the paflage to the fiiid library from Saint Patrick’s Clofe, being together one hundred and two fret : and whereas the find Nar-ciflus, lord archbilhop of Armagh, hath alfo bought that very valuable colleftion of choice ard excellent bocks, . which was made by the learned doftor Edward Stillingflrcet, late lord bilhop of Worcefter, deceafad, confining two thoufand five hundred feventy and four books in folio, or there-abouts ; fix thoufand nine hundred thirty and eight in quarto, oda^vo, and letter volumes, befides many pamphlets; and hath provided iron-chains, rods, and clafps, for the better prefervation of the larger books; and clofe lattices, with locks, for the fafe keeping of the books of the fmallcr fize ; all which faid bocks, together with the faid rods, clafps, lattices, and locks, are declared by the faid Narciflus, lord archbilhop of Armagh, from and immediately after pa fling this prefent aft, to be by him bellowed on the pubHck, and defigned to be lodged in the faid rooms, by him built, prepared, and defigned, for a publick library: and whereas the faid- Elias Bohereau, in confederation of his being made keeper of the faid library, hath lodged a confiderable number of books in the faid houfe, built by the faid Narcilfus, lord archbilhop of Armagh, (<vix.) three hundred feventy and three volumes in folio, three hundred eighty and three in quarto, one thoufand thiee hundred and twenty two in fmaller volumes, befides feme unbound books, to the intent that the fame lhall, from the time of the patting this aft, fi»r ever lemain and be kept in the faid library, as his gilt, ard as an addition to the laid library or colleftion of books fo bought and given by the faid Narciflus, lord archbilhop of Armagh, for the fame ufe and purpofe, and nc. other : be it enacted by the Queen’s molt excellent Majefty, by and with the ad-Thc publick vice and confcnt of the lords fpiritual and temporal and library built by commons in Parliament aflembled, at the humble fun of the archbilhop of	Narciflus, lord archbilhop of Armagh, William lord

‘Viuki.rc** * archbilhop of Dublin, the dean and chapter of Saint Pa-lJufiiin! the trick’s Dublin, and the faid Mr. Elias Bohereau, that the ground', garden, houfe before mentioned to be built by the faid Narciflus, &c veiled in lord archbilhop cf Armagh, the ground on which it Hands,

m ft-cs and the gar(jcn 0r court thereto belonging, and the ether par-;bcir *ucccfTors 6	6	*	rccj

foi ever.

The fixth Year of Anne.	495

cel of ground herein before mentioned, to be laid out for . A. 6. the enlargement of the faid houfe, and for a way thereto 1707. from the archbiftiop of Dublin’s faid palace, and the faid Chap. 19. ground laid out for a way to the (aid houfe from St. Pa-, trick’s Clofe; and alfo all and every the before mentioned books, chains, rods, clafps, locks, and keys, and alfo all the dalles, (helves, delks, tables, and all other appurtenances to the faid houfe and library belonging, (hall be and are hereby aftually fettled and vefted in the faid archbiftiop of Armagh for the time being, the lord chancellor of Ireland for the time being, the lord archbiftiop of Dublin for the time bein£, the lord chief juftice of her Majefty’s court of Chief-place in Ireland for the time being, the lord chief juftice of her Majefty’s court of Common-pleas in Jreland* for the time being, the lord chief baron of her Majefty’s court of Exchequer in Ireland for the time being, the dean of the cathedral church of 'the Holy Trinity, Dublin, for the time being, the' dean of the cathedral church of St.

Patrick’s, Dublin, for the time being, and the provoft of Trinity college, near Dublin, for the time being, and their fucceftors for ever; in truft, and to and for the refpeftive ufes, intents, and purpofes, in this ad before mentioned, to be intended concerning the fame refpeftivcly : and that the fame (hall remain, continue, and be in the faid truftces and their fucceflors for ever unalienable, and’without their unalienable, being capable of forfeiting, felling, or otherwife difpofing of the fame, otherwife than as in this ad is hereafter mentioned; and alfo freed, and for ever difeharged, of and from all judgments, ftatutes, executions, extents, elegies, and of and from all other incumbrances of what kind or nature foever; and alfo of and from all right, title, intereft, claim, or demand of him the faid Narciflus, lord archbiftiop frec from of Ajmagh, his executors, or adminiftrators; and of thec“unf’ faid William lord archbiftiop of Dublin, and his fucceftors; and the faid dean and chapter of St. Patrick’s, Dublin, and their fucceftors for ever ; and of the faid Mr. Bohereau,

His execators or adminiftrators : and alfo freed, and for 1 ever difeharged, of and from all mariner of taxes, and of and from all chimney-money, hearth-money, and lamp-money, and of and from all manner of taxes or charges here- and taxes, after to be impofed by aft of Parliament, unlefs the fame unlefs heieafter (hall be charged' exprefly, and by name, in and by fuch fu-”Pr lsly char*“ ture aft or afts of Parliament; any law, ufage, or cuftom c * to the contrary thereof in any wife notwiihftandinjg.

11.	And for the better prefervation of all the fatd bocks, and of the faid houfe and library, with their and eveiy of their appurtenances, and for making the laid library more ufeful to the publick, be it further enafted. That the lord archbiftiop of Armagh for the time being, the lord chancellor of Ireland for the time being ; the lord arch-

biihop

Digitized by Google

faid truftees a corporation; governors and guardians, to meet rules.

Tbt fixth Year of Anne, bifhop of Dublin for the time being, the lord chief jtafEce of hdr Mkjefty’s court of Chief-place, in Ireland, for the dine being ; the lord chief juftice of her Majcfty’s court of CptafflonPleas, in Ireland, for the tittie being, the lord Chief barott of her Majefty\court of Exchequer, in Ireland, for the time being, the dean of the cathedral church of the Holy Trinity, Dublin, for the time being, the dean 6f the C&fhedf&l church of St. Patrick’s, Dublin, for the time being, and the provoftdf Trinity-college, near Dublin for the tittle bcihg, (h?fl be and are hereby created a corporation dr body politick for the purpofes in this ad contained only, flfld appointed governors and guardians of the faid hottfe and library, built andfcretled by Narcifliis lord arch-bifttop of Armagh for ever ; and that they the faid gettr* hots ahd gttkrdians, or any three of more of them, the iians tQ archbifhOp Of Dublin being preTent and of'that number* and make But	archbilhop of Dublin be out of this kingdotn

Of Ireland, Of be fick, or during the vacancy of the faid fee Of Dublin, that then any live or more of the faid verhof $ and guardians {hall have power and authority, and are hereby authorized to meet together from time to time; and as often as there (hall be occafion, to confider Of and to make lath reafonable ruks and orders for the better fco-venlifleflt and management of the faid houfc and libfary; as they fhall think neceffary and convenient: to which rdlea and orders, by the faid governpors and guardians, made as aforefaid, the library-keeper fof the time being (hall for Rules obferv- **** be fubjtfl, and fhall from time to time obferte, oh cd by the libra- pain of btlrtg fufpended from the faid office or imployment, riao, on paia of and from the intotae, profits, lodgings, and pertpiimes there-fufpenfion, &c. w belonging, at and during the pleafore of tivtfctd governors and gOafdians.

Librarian da- ^ be it further enaded. That in ca£ t)* faM prived if ohfti- fibratfy-keeper fhall continue obflinate (even days after nate fevtn days, being fdfpdrided as aforefiaid, and will not obferve the orders,;

roles, and dfrc&iPns of the faid governors and guardians* that then and in fuchcafe the faid governors and guardtaai* dr arty five 6r mote of them, the archbifkop of ArMagb, or the archbilhop of Dublin for the time being, being pfre* font, and of the faid number, (haU have power, and are hereby authorized to meet together, and to deprive a*d remove the faid library-keeper, of and from the laid ofbet or imploy mefit; and to take from him the income, profits; lodging, and pdfquififes to the faid office belonging, ftame the time of his Continuing and being, declared obfkaate as -aforefaid ; and alfo that another library-keeper be no (hi* nated and appointed in like manner, as if the library* keeper fp deprived or removed were naturally dead. _ .

Elias Bohe- .And be if further enabled by the authority afifted rcau librarian faid, That the faid mailer Elias Bohereaa be, and. be is duiiiij life.	hereby

Digitized by ^ooQle

fii fixtb Tear of Anne, hereby declared, keeper of the faid library, for and during his life, fubje# neverthelefs to and under the rules, conditions, provifoes, and regulations herein expreffed, touching and concerning the faid library-keeper, for the time being.

V.	And that for his fupport'and maintenance and for the fupport andjmaintenance of the fucceeding keepers of the faid library, your Majefty’s moil lcyal and dutiful fubjefls, the faid NarciiTus lord archbiihop of Armagh, and the faid William lord archbiihop of Dublin, humbly befeech your mod facred Majefty, that it may be enaaed, and be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That whenfoeirer either

the chanterfhip or the treafurerihip of the cathedral church LiWariah tu' of St. Patrick’s, Dublin, ihall become void, that fuch of®* >PPototcj^ the faid dignities, as ihall firft become void, ihall be ty foro ^ your Majefty, vour heirs oa fucceifors, or by the archbiihop thtririL of Dublin or nis fucceflors, in whofe gift the fame {hall happen, to be conferred on the faid mafter Elias Bohereau, or the keeper of the faid library for the time being, who fhall enjoy the fame during his continuance in the faid employment, fubjett neverthelefs, as a dignitary of the faid cathedral church, to all juriftli&ions, viiitations, duties, and -penalties, to which the chantor and treafurfer of the faid cathedral church, or either of them, are fubjed; and in like manner as the faid chantor and treafurer, or either of them, are or were fubjed at the time of making this prC-fent ad; any thing in this ad contained to the contrary notwithftanding : and if it (hall happen that the flid library-keeper ihall be legally deprived of his faid dignity conferred on him as aforefaid, that then, upon certificate to the guardians and governors of the faia library of fuch deprivation, the faid library-keeper ihall be by the faid guardians and governors, or any three or more of them, dignity, deprir-alfo deprived of his office of keeper of the faid library, and ed of laid offic*. another perfon ihall be put in his place, as is before in this ad mentioned.

VI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That the nomination and appointment of a library-keeper Dublin toi2-for the faid library after the death or removal of the faid point l&rama, mailer Elias Bohereau ihall be and is hereby veiled in the archbifhop of Dublin for the time being ; and that it ihall and may be lawful for the faid archbiihop of Dublin for the time being, as often as there Audi be occafion, upon the death or preferment of the library-keeper for the time being, or upon tha furrender, forfeiture, or other avoidance of the faid office, to nominate and appoint a library-keeper for the faid library ; and thnt the perfon fo nominated and appointed, and none other, ihall be the library-keeper for the time being, and be intitled to the lodgings or apartments under ttt« faid library, or fuch part thereof as the (kid

Vol. II.	1	i	governors

Digitized by L^ooQle

who mud be a prefbyter ©f church eftabli(h> ed, and mailer of art*.

Security for 500I

Oath to be taken.

Gifu to the library to ufe« appointed by * donor;

(a!d governors may fuc for the

The fixth Tear of Anne.

fovemora and guardians (hall think (it, and the (aid gar-en or court thereto allotted, and to the (alary and other perquifites to the faid office belonging: provided the per-fon (0 nominated and apr minted library*keeper be a prclby-ter of the church of England or Ireland as by law e.'ta-biiihed, and that he has taken his mailer of arts degree in fome of the univerfities or colleges of that part of Great-Britain formerly and commonly called England, or in Ireland ; and that before his admiilion to the office of library-keeper, he (hall give to the faid guardians and governors fecurity to the value of five hundred pounds fieri. by recognizance with fufficient fureties that none of the faid , books (hall be loll or otherwife embezzled, and (hall aifo take the oath followings viz.

/. A. B. do/•wear, that 1 will ufe my utmoft care and endeavour to prtferve all the books and other things, that are or Jhall he committed to my charge by the governors or guard: ar.s of the publick library built and erected by NarciJ/its lord arch-bijhop cf Armagh, at or near to faint Sepulchres Dublin ; and that I will not wittingly or willingly fiffer any of the faid books, during my continuance in the office of library -keeper, to be lent abroad, given away, or imbezzleJ, or to be any wife damnified through my default ; and that I willy to the utmoft of' my power, obfervt all ftatutesy rules, and confutations already made, or hereafter to be made% concerning the office cf thefaij, library keeper, while the fame Jhall continue in force, and I Jhall continue in the Jaid Office.

So help me GO D.

Which faid oath the archbifhop of Dublin for the time being, or, in cafe of his abfence from Dublin, ficknefs, or vacancy of the faid fee, any two or more of the faid governors and guardians, are hereby authorized and itnpow-ered to ad mini fter and to tender the fame.

VII.	And be it further enabled. That all lands, tenements, fum or funis of money, books printed and manu-feripts, and all other things of what kind or nature foever which (hall at any time after the paffing this ad be given or difpofed of, whether perfonalfy, or by deed or will, to the ufe of the aforefaid library, or office of library-keeper, (hall be veiled in the faid governors and guardians of the faid library for the time oeing, to the ufe of the faid library or library-keeper for ever, and to fuch other ufes, iutents, and purpofes, as (hall be declared or appointed by the perfon or perfons giving, granting, or deviling the fame, and to no other ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoever, unalienable, and without their being capable of forfeiting, fell, ing, or otherwife difpofing of the fame, otherwife Sian as ia this ad hereafter mentioned: and that the faid governors

Digitized by uooQle

If *$ol. per

The fixtb Tear of Anne, fiofs and guardians for? the time being, in their own riatnes, as by the title of the governors and guardians of the library ere fled by Nan if us lord archbi/bop of Armagh, at or near to faint Sepulchres Dublin, (hall have power, and are hereby authorized and impowered and enabled to accept, take, and receive, all fuch gifts, grants, and legacies,* and to (land and be feized and poflfefled thereof for ever, to the ufes and under the trails"aforefaid, and be capable to fue for the fame in any court of law or equity ; the ftatute of mortmain, and all other laws, ftatutes, ufages, or cuftoms to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That

if any perfon or perfons (hall at any time or times hereafter beftow for the fupport of the faid library-keeper, and the Kbraria^foT ** fucceeding library-keepers, the fum of One hundred and ever, faid digni-fifty pounds per annum, or more, for ever : that then the ty (ball on next aforementioned dignity, conferred on the faid library-keeper, avoidance be fhall immediately upon the next avoidance of the faid of-	**	**

fice, be difpofed of by fuch perfons, to whom the difpo- aot

fal thereof (hall of right belong, in fuch manner as if this ad had never been made : and when any fuch yearly fum as afbrefaid (hall be given for the fupport of the faid library-keeper, that then and in that cafe the nomination of the library-keeper, when the faid Office (hall become vacant after the faid gift, (hall be in fuch manner as the laid governors and guardians, and fuch perfon or perfons who gives fuch annual Turns, (hall dlred and appoint; and that then minatjoa 0f and in that cafe the faid perfons, hereby required and im- brarian (ballon powered to nominate a library-keeper, (hall not be obliged vacancy be at to choofc a pre(byter, but, from and after the time of the thj?ovcrnor* faid dignities being feparated and taken away from the faid office, (hall be and are hereby impowered to choofe any per- neceffity to fon otherwife qualified as aforelaid for the faid office ; any chuie a piciby* thing in this ad contained to the contrary thereof in any ***• wife notwithftanding.

IX.	Provided always, that it may be lawful for the faid gaid _over-guardians and governors, or any three or more of 'hern> norsmaychanga to change any book or books, which (hall hereafter be given books, See.

to the faid library, and whereof there are duplicates in the fame, for other books to be put into the faid library, or to fell fuch duplicates, and with the money anting by the fale thereof to buy fuch other books, as they (hall think propei to be put into the faid library ; any thing in this ad contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

X.	And to perpetuate the memories of all fuch as (hall 'hereafter be benefadors to the faid library, and to the intent that all, who are defirous to know, may be informed how all legacies, fum or fums of money, lands, tenements, or other the premifles, which hereafter (hall be given to the ufe of the laid library, are applied and di^ofed of by

I i a	the

Digitized by Google

joo	Yht Jixtk Tier of Anne.

A. D. the guardians and governors thereof; be it further eoa&ed 1707. by the authority aforefaid, That the library-keeper for tke Chap. 19. time being (hall in a large vellum or parchment book, pre-pared and given by Na.cifTus lord archbiihop of Armagh Librarian to for that purpofe, enter and keep an exa& account of all enter in a ▼el^ gifts, grants, fum or fums of money, books, and of ait u.re	ift	"°^ier‘* thing* which (hall be hereafter given for the nfe of

nefaAon " the Cud library, together with the names of the benefe&ors, : am.8, &c. the place of his, her, or their abode, and to what ufes the fame were given, and how the fame have been and are applied and difpofed of by the governors and guardians of the foid library ; and that the fold book toall be hgned by the library keeper for the time being, and by him (haH hie exposed to view in the raoft publick place of the faid library. Tbi**d	XI.	And be ifcjfurthcr enaded by the authority aforefud,

r nv4P of the That the library, keeper for the time being, or fome other rround, aod	per (on to be appointed by the governors and guardians of

u:d orders the faid library, or any three or more of them, from time to t*fnc 13 ^erc	Cull	in	a fair veilam or

um parement bock, prepared for that purpofe by the faid Nardf-fus lord archbifhop of Armagh, enter, or canfe to be fairly written and drawn, this prefent ad of Parliament, toge* ther with a map or plan of the ground hereby vefted in the faid guardians and governors, and all fuch rules and orders as mall be made by the faid governors and guardians from time to time purfuant to this ad; and that the laid book containing the faid ad of Parliament, map, or plan of ground, and rules and orders, after they are figned by the (aid governors and guardians, (hall be expofod to view in the mo ft publick place of the (aid library.

XII.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore-fbftl gever- faid. That the faid guardians or governors, or any three or roorc t^cm> whereof the arcnbiftiop of Dublin (unlefs ‘•^thc then Cck or out of this kingdom, or that the faid foe (haH ' l urM*? in happen to be then vacant) (hall always be one, and in cafe October, ic, of luch abfence cr ficknefs that one of the governors afore-faid, whom the ftid archbiihop ihall under his hand and ar-chi-pifcopal feal appoint to be prefent and of that number, (hall on the fecond Thurfday in the month of O&oberm every year perfonally viht the faid library, and irifped the (late and condition of the fame, and of every thing therein contained, and at fuch their vi&tation make fuch orders and rules, and give fuch dire&ions concerning the fome, as to them, or the major part of them, (hall feem neceflary and convenient; and that the foid guardians and governors may adjourn their faid violations to fuch further time or times as * they, or the major part of them, (hall think 6t.

. XIU. And be it further enaded by the authority afore-fold, That the library-keeper for the time being (hall pre-patt> on or before the foil vihution of the foid library,

three

Digitized by C^ooQle

Tht fiacth Yutr Anne, three fair catalogues of all the books and other particular* in the faid library contained, which catalogues (hall be figned by the faid library-keeper, together with the names and titles thereof, one of which (ball be conftantly kept m the faid library, another (hall be delivered by the faid U- Three catu-brary-keeper to the faid guardians and governors, who (hall laguekof the depohte the fame with the archbifhop of Dublin, to he kept by his grace and hit fucceffors for their life, and the third J wra“ 0aa.ll be lodged in the regiftry of the arebifhop of Dublin : but In cafe it appears to the faid guardians and governors, that the (kid library-keeper cannot prepare the f*id catalogues within the time above mentioned, limited, and expreffed,. that then the faid guardians and governors (hall allow the (aid library-keeper fuch further time for the preparing the and as often as fame, as to them (hall feem convenient.	occahon flui*

XIV.	And, if it (hall happen that at any time hereafter

the faid library (hall be enlarged or augmented, be it further therc#^11* ena&ed, That the (aid library keeper for the time being (hall from time to time, as often as occafion (hall require, make three fair catalogues of all fuch books and other particulars, wherewith the faid library (hall be (o enlarged or	r

augmented, and the fame figned by him (hall deliver to the (aid guardians and governors at their next vifttatioe of the faid library after fuch augmentation or enlargemeat; one whereof (hall be by them depofited in the faid library, another left in the cuftody of the archbifhop of Dublin for the time being for the ufe of the faid guardians and governors, and the third (hall be lodged in the regiftry of the arch-' Due notice bilhop of Dublin.	of meeting

XV.	And whereas it is neceftary that the faid governors be given, and guardians (hould have due notice of the time and place

for their meeting, to execute the truft repofed in them by this aft; be it further enabled. That the archbilhop of Dublin for the time being, or in cafe of his abfence or	*#

negled, that then any two of the faid governors and guardians are hereby dire&ed to give due notice, or fend lum-mons to each of the faid governors and guardians of the time and place intended for the meeting of the faid governors and guardians for the purpofes aforefaid, twenty four Librarian t* hours at leaft he fore the time of fuch meeting.	keep the feuiui-

XVI.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That mgsinrepau. the faid Elias Bohereau, and all and every his fucceftors,

keepers of the faid library, (hall from time to time, and at all times hereafter, as often as need (hail require, keep, fupport, and maintain the faid library and the buildings thereof in good and fufheient repair at his and their own proper coits and charges; and in cafe jbe or they (hall negleft the fame, the archbifhop of Dublin for the time being, and his fucceftors, (hall and may receive fo much of the revenue of the faid library keeper hereby granted, as (boll be ntccffary for fuch reparations, and to apply the

fame

\

Digitized by v^ooQle

joi	'Tbt fixth Year of Anne.

A. IE). fame accordingly ? and that from and after the faid chan-1707. terfhip (hall fall, and be enjoyed by fuch keeper of the faid Chap. 19. library, the faid archbifhop and his fucceflors (hall and may \m**~V~**-J fafpetod fuch keeper of the library as aforefaid, neg’efting '	to keep the fame in reparation, ah officio et beriefeio, until

f the fame (hall be fufficiently repaired as aforefaid.

X'/fL And whereas the reftory of Burgage, alias Ble-cient fupport fington, is part and parcel of the corps of the faid chan-incumbent, terfhip of St. Patrick’s, and the vicaridge of the faid parifh archbiftiop with Qf Burgage is very fmall, and inefficient to fupport the confent of chan- incumbcnt that has cur* 0f fouls Jn the faid parifh: be it augment time, ena&ed, Vhat it (hall be lawful to and for the lord archbifhop of Dublin for the time beipg, with the affent and confent of the chantor for the time being, and of the dean and chapter of St. Patrick’s Dublin, out of the tithes belonging to the faid chanter in the faid parifh, to augment the faid vicaridge to the value of any fum not exceeding Union be- fifty pounds per annum. tween that and XVIII. And whereas there hath been a union of the faid uce to*bT^- parifh to the parifh of Ballymore-Euftace, which is found lolved. " very inconvenient: be it enabled. That the faid augmentation (hall not take effeft in pofleffion, until the incumbent of the (aid vicaridge (hall confent that the faid union be difTolved; and from and after fuch confent of the prefent incumbent, in cafe he (hall confent thereufnto, and from ^nd after avoidance of the faid vicaridge by death or ceflion of the prefent incumbent thereof, the faid union of the faid parifhes (hall be aft ually difTolved, and the faid united parifh of Burgage and Ballymore-Euftace fhall from thenceforth be and become two diflinft and feparate parifhes, as they were before the faid union; any ftatute, law, aft, or thing, to the contrary notwithffanding.

Saving right XIX. Saving nevcrthelefs to her Majcfty, her heirs and •f others. fucceflors, and faring to all other perfon and perfbns, bodie* politick and corporate, their heirs, executors, adminiflrators, and fucceflors, other than the faid Narciflus lord farch-bifhop of Armagh and his executors and adminiflrators, and the faid William lord archbifhop of Dublin, and his fucceflors, and the faid dean and chapter of the cathedral church of St. Patrick’s Dublin, and their fucceflors, and the faid Elias Bohereau, bis executors and adminiltrators, all fuch right, title, or interefl, as they or any of them had* Or may, or might have, to the faid houfe, ground, books, and any other the premifles herein mentioned, and intended to be veiled in the aforefaid truflees for the refpeftive ufes, intents, and purpofes before tyentipned* as if this aft had never been made..

C H A Pf

The fxtb Year of Anne, CHAP. XXI.

5°J J*. D:

An A5! for dividing the feveral Parijhes of Saint Andrew's,

Saint Nicholas without th$ Walls, and the united Parijhes of Saint Katherine's, Saint James, and Saint John's of Kiltnairtham, and for making or erecting a new Parijh, hy the na we of the Parijh of Saint Anne, on the Ground lying between Grafton freet and Merrion-freet, allfituate, lying, and being in or jicere the Suburbs of the City of Dublin.

WHEREAS the vicaridge or parifh of Saint An* drews is too large for the parifh church thereof: Be it enacted by the Queen’s mod excellent Majefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That immediately frem and after the faid vic.iridge or parilh of Saint Andrew’s (hall become vacant by the death, ceffion, promotion or furrender of the prefent vicar, miniltcr, and incumbent thereof, John Traverfe dodlor in divinity, and not before, the faid vicaridge or parilh of Saint Andrew’s fhall be divided into two lcveral and didinft parifhes, and that the precindl or compafs of ground of which the fame doth now confift be and is hereby conftitutea and made two feveral vicarages or parifhes, divided and diilinguifhed as is herein after mentioned; and from and after the time	,

aforefaid, (hail be called by the names of the parifh of St. *Andrew’s Saint Andrew’s, and the parifh of Saint Markfs, accord-’ ding to fuen their diyifion and del'cripticn as is herein after- Andrew’* m»4 mentioned, each of which from the time aforefaid, (hall $c Mark ** be and hereby is made feparate and independant of the other, and fhall each of them by itfelf have aU parochial rights and priviledges as a feparate and didinft vicarage or fqpafate and i*r parifh, and that there (hall be for each of them a feveral dependant, f c. parochial church, and a vicar or miqifter feveral and independant from the other, andconrtant and perpetual fuccced-mg vicars or miniders there for ever, who (hall each of them have the cure of fouls in the faid refpc&ivc pari(he9, and have, enjoy and receive from the inhabitants of their refpedtive parifhes, all fuch ecclefiaftical duties as are now of right or by cuftom belonging to the vicar or minifter of Saint Andrew’s aforefaid, and alfo all fuch fums of money as arc already allotted, afeertained, fet forth and charged or hereafter (hall be allotted, afcertained, fet forth and charged for the vicar or miniller on the feveral houfes iif the (aid parifhes rcfpedtively, purfuant to an adfc of Parliament lately paffed in this kingdom, for provifion for mi? *7* *• & #. pifters in cities and corporate towns, fubjedt nevertheless to c‘ 7’ the vifitation and power of the ordinary of the diocefs, and to fuch other cannons and laws ecclefiaftical as vicars and

mini ft era



Digitized by ^ ooQie

Boundaries of Bt. Marks

Wthdarieaof

9*. Andrew's

vf mi if C. %.

€.J.

Firft vicar in one month to fummons inha-bitantsto a vef-try to eled officers, 4c.

Tkf fi*tk Ytar of Anne, minifters are ufually and of right ought to be fubjed to, and that there (hall be for ench of the faid parifnes two church-wardens, a pari(h clerk, and other ufual pariih oncers in (ucceflkm for ever, who (hall feverally perforin the feveral and refpeciive parifh duties belonging to their re-fpedive offices, and feverally have and receive the feveral and refpe&ive profits, benefits, priviledges, advantages, and authorities ufually enjoyed with and of right belonging to fiich refpe&ive offices in parishes.

IL And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That all that part of the faid vicarage or parifh of Saint Andrew’s, fituatc, lying and being eaftward of College* lane, including the call fide of the faid College-lane, and fo on eastward of Fleet-lane, including the eaft-fide of Fleet-lane, and fo on eailward of Fleet-alley, or the uar-f row Lane leading from Fleet-houfe to the River Liffiee, alias Anna-LifFee, including the eaft fide of the faid Fleet-idley, and all the particular ftreets, lanes, places, houfes,

(grounds, ftrands and lanes on the eaft-fide thereof, now bc-oaging to the faid vicarage or pariih of Saint Andrew’s, ftafi be the pariih of Saint Mark’s, and fo for ever after the time aforefaid, be called, deemed and taken. And it i< hereby declared and enabled by the authority aforefaid, that all the reft and refidue of the faid parifh of Saint Andrew’s, pot hereby before taken out or appointed for the parifh of Saint Mark’s, fhall remain and be the pariih of Saint Andrew’s, and fo for ever hereafter be called, deemed and taken, and it fhall be prefentative as the vicarage of Saint Andrew’s now is, and fhall enjoy the fame rignts and priviledges which it has at prefent; and the faid part of thq parifh of $amt Andrew’s which fhall be taken out aocj made the pariih of Saint Mark’s aforefaid, from the time of its being fo taken out and made a diflinft pariih, by the name of the pariih of Saint Mark’s, fhall be prefentative by the perfons named in the faid recited ad, and as in and by the faid recited ad is appointed and direded, and fhall from thence forward have and enjoy all the rights, privi-ledues and advantages which the prefent parifh of Saint Andrew’s has or of right ought to have,

JU. And be it further ena&ed by tile authority aforefaid. That the next and firft vicar, minifter or incumbent of the faid pariih of Saint Mark, within one month after he is fnftituted into the faid vicarage or parifh, is hereby authorized, impowered and required to call together the inhabit tants of die faid parifh to a veftry for choofing church-wardens, fynodfmen or fidefmen, and other church-officers, is by law or cuftom are annually chofen in other parifhes, and that Jie the faid vicar, minifter or incumbent, or his lycenfed afliftant in the cure of the faid parifh, and the faid inhabitants who fhall then meet, fhall choofe two fit perfons for thurch-war4enfc who when fo chofen, fhall be caurch-war:

dens

Digitized by v^.ooQle

f'btfixib Tutr of A one. dent of the £ud vicarage or parifh of Saint Mark’s for one year after,, and till next Eafter after their being fo chofen, and then and for ever after yearly, two church wardens, two fynodfmen, alias fidefmea and overfcere of the poor (hall <

\fc chofen as ufual in other vicarages or parishes, and that and yearly after, inch churcn-wardens £> chofen as aforefaid, and their fuccef-fors church-wardens of the vicarage or parifh of Saint Mark’s, (hall he a body corporate in fuch manner as the and be a body <hurch-wardens of St. Andrew9! now are, and (hall be and corporate as St. ore hereby impowered to rate and affefs the feveral houfes Andrew’s, and within the faid parifh of Saint Mark’s, other than the dwel- *£tcand ling-houfe of John Hanfard of Lazy-Hilb JEfqoire, in fuch houfes,* John manner as they (hall think fit, with the confedt of the vicar or Hanfard’s ex-ainifter, and the inhabitants of tbe faid parifh, or the major tepted. part of them, at fuch meetings as (hall be appointed to that purpofe for and towards building or ere&ing a church within towards bu’”,d/ the (aid parifh, to be conftituted as aforefaid, under the name fog a church* and title of the church of Saint Mark, if the voluntary con-if voluntary tributions that (hall be made towards the laid building (hall contf‘hut*0119 fall (hort and not be fufficient to do k, and to levy the fame, ^ kSTb^dif • together with the neceffary charges in levying thereof by ^ ^ ^ J diitrefs and (ale of the goods fo diftrayned, the overplus, if goods, any, to be reftored to the owner or owners of the (aid goods,

IV.	And whereas the faid John tfaafard ofLazy-Hill,

Efquirl, having a field or park all walled in with a brick wait, Grand fouate and lying backwards on the fouth fide of the faid Sivcn by J«b» Lazy.HiU, between the Glafs-houfe and his the faid JohnHanford, c(q; {laniard’s garden, hath given the weft part of the faid field or park towards the eaft, two hundrea and fifty feet, and the full breadth of the faid field or park from north to fouth, containing in the eaft end of the (aid ground thus given one hundred and fixty feet or thereabouts, for a church and church-yard, vicarage houfe and garden for the faid parifh of Saint Mark’s: be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid.

That the faid weft part of the faid field or park fo fet out, ... . and deferibed as aforefaid, be and is hereby veiled in the archbiftsp of archbifhop of Dublin for the time being, and his fuecefTors Dublin in trull for ever, upon truft neverthelefs, and to the intent and pur- to build a pofe that a parilb church, veftry houfe, and other roomj and church, Ac. conveniences neceflary for a church may be built upon the fame for the u(e of the vicar or minifter and the parifhioners of the faid.parilh of Saint Mark’s for the publick worihip of God, and a church-yard, caemetry or burying placd for the ufo of the faid parifhioners of the faid parifh may be walled in and fet out, as alfo that a vicarage houfe, and plott of ground for a garden, may be fet out and appointed as . lord archbifhop of Dublin for the time being, when fuch di-vifion and appointment (hall be made, (ball lay out and ap-point the fame, the (aid ground, thus veiled as aforefaid, to be free from all debts, judgments, mortgages, and incumbrances of what, kind foever.

V. And

Difpofrlof

faUi

Not to exonerate vicars of J>t. Andrew's from payment $f iol yearly to prefentor of church of St. Patrick.

Dmfionof the parifh of St. Nicholas by names of St. Nicholas without the walls, and St Luke's.

The fixth Ytar of Anne.

V.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afofcfirid. That all and every the faid inhabitants within the faid parish of Saint Mark's, after there lhall be a new church built and finilhfd in the parifh of Saint Mark's, are hereby authorized and impowered to fell and difpofe of fuch feats as they have or refpe&ively lhall then have in the aforefaid church of Saint Andrew’s to the churchwardens thereof, and in cafe they refufe to nurchafe the fame for the ufe of the parifh, to any perfon or perfons whatfoever, being inhabitants of the faid parifh of St. Andrew’s to be by them held and enjoyed during their continuance in the faid parifh. Prodded always, fuch purchafers of the feats aforefaid, be of the proteftant religion as by law eftablifhed

VI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aferefaid. That nothing in this aft fhall be conftraed to exonerate or free the vicar of St. Andrew's from the yearly payment of ten pounds to the prefentor of the cathedral church of Saint Patrick's Dublin, but that the vicar of Saint Andrew^ for the time being, as well after as before the aforefaiddivifion, fhall pay as formerly, to the prefehtOr of the aforefaid cathedral church of Saint Patrick's Dublin, the faid fum often pounds yearly for ever, by two equal portions at Chriftmas and Midfummer day.

VII.	And whereas the parifh of Saint Nicholas without the walls, is too large for the parifh church thereof: be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That immediately from and after the faid parith lhall become vacant by the death, ceffi on, or furrender of the prefent curate thereof, doftor John Stern, dean of the cathedral church of Saint Patrick’s Dublin, and not before, the faid parifh of Saint Nicholas without the walls, fhall be and is hereby divided into two feveral and diftinft parifhes, and that precinft or compafs of ground of which the fame doth now con Aft, be and is hereby conftituted and made two feveral parifhes, divided and dif-tinguifhed as is herein after mentioned, and from and after the time aforefaid, fhall be called by the names of the pari Ih of Saint Nicholas without the walls, and of the parifh of Saint Luke's, according to fuch their divifion and description as is herein after mentioned, each of which .fhall lie feparate and independant from the other, and fhall by itfelf, have all parochial rights and priviledges, and that there lhall be for each of them a feveral parochial church, and a curate or mi-nifter, feveral and independant from the other, and conftant and perpetual fucceeding curates or minifters there for ever, who lhall each of them have the cure of fouls in their faid refpe&ive parifhes, and have and enjoy, and receive from the inhabitants of their refpe&ive parifhes, all fuch ccclefi-aftical dues as are now of right or by cuftom belonging to the curate or minifter of Saint Nicholas without aforefaid, ,and alfo all fuch fums of money as are already allotted, afeer-taiued, fet forth/and charged, or hereafter (ball be allotted,

after tained,

"x

Digitized by LjOOQle

The fixth Year of Anne, sfcertained, fct forth, and charged, for the curate, minifter, or incumbent, on the feveral houfes in the faid pari flies re-fpeftively, purfuant to an aft of Parliament lately paffed in this kingdom, for the provifion for minifters itf cities and corporate towns, fubjeft neverthelefs to the vifitation of the archbilhop of Dublin, and fuch laws and cannons ccclefiaftical as any curate, minifter or incumbent of any parifti now is, or of right ought to be fubjeft to: Saving always to the dean of the cathedral church of Saint Patrick’s Dublin, and his fuc-ceffors deans of the faid cathedral for ever, the fame jurif-diftion over the curates or minifters of the faid parifties of Saint Nicholas without the walls, and of Saint Luke’s, which he the faid dean now hath, or of right ought to have over the curate or minifter of Saint Nicholas without the walls.

VIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That there (hall be for each of the faid two parities, two	in

Church-wardens, a parifti clerk, and other ufual parifti officers jn	far

in fucceffion for ever, who (hall feverally perform the feveral ever, and refpeftive parifti duties belonging to their refpeftive offices, and feverally have and receive the feveral and refpec-tive profits, benefits, priviledges, advantages, and authorities ufually enjoyed with and of right belonging to fuch refpeftive offices in parifties.

IX.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,	.

That all that part of the parifti of St. Nicholas without, com-

monly called or known by the name cf Donore ward, within Luke, thn faid parifti, fituate, lying, and being on the weft fide of the brook or water which runs from Harold’s-crofs down through the Black-pits, and fo to the Poddle; as alfo that part of the faid parilh of Saint Nicholas without the walls.

Which is and lyeth on the loath of the water or brook which runs from Crooked-ft aft down the Coombs, and fo to the faid poddle, where the faid two brocks or waters meet, and all particular ftreets, lanes, places, houfes, grounds, lands, and every of them that are on the weft fide of the water running through the Black-pits aforefaid, and that are on the fouth fide of the water running through the Coombs aforefaid, and now belonging to the faid parilh of Saint Nicholas without the walls, ftiall be and is hereby declared to be from the next yacancy or avoidance of the faid parilh of Saint Nicholas without the walls, the parifti of Saint Luke’s, and fo for ever after, lhall be called, deemed and taken.

X.	And it is hereby declared and enafted by the authority

aforefaid. That all the reft and reiidue of The faid parilh of Boundaries of Saint Nicholas without, not herein before taken out and ap-pointed for the faid parilh of Saint Luke’s, (hall remain and Nicholas, be the parifti of Saint Nicholas without the walls, and fo for ever hereafter be called, deemed and taken; and that the faid parilh of Saint Nicholas without the walls, and parifli pf St. Luke’s as before deferibed and divided, (hall fiom the j}ext and firit avoidance of the faid parilh of Saint Nicholas

without



_ Digitized by

Google

joS

A. D.

1707. Chap, a 1.

right of Bomi-natinr a curate to each parifh Teftcd in dean and chap, ter of St. Patrick's Dublin.

Tit fixtb Temr 9/ A®oe. without the walls, he two diftin& parifhes: Saving nevetthe-lefs, and referving now and at all times hereafter, to the dean and chapter of the cathedral church of Saint Patrick’s Duhlin, the right of electing and nominating a curate or miniver to each and either of the faid pari dies of Saint Luke and Saint Nicholas without the walls, for and during the life of foch curate or minifter, as often as they or either of them (hall happen to be void and deftitute of a curate or minifter, which the faid dean and chapter now have, or of right ought to have of eledline and nominating a curate or minifter for the (aid parifh of Saint Nicholas without the walls, before its divifioa by this ad, the faid curates or curate, minifters or minifter to be lycenfed by the archbifhop of Dublin, as the curate or minifter of Saint Nicholas without the walls have always heretofore been.

XL And be it further cnaded by the aothority aforefaid, ifter°curate no- That the next and firft curate, minifter or incumbent of the mituted to fum- parifti of Saint Luke, within one month after he is nominated mon inhabitant* as aforefaid, and lycenfed by the ordinary to the cure of the to veftry to raid pariih, is hereby authorized, impowered and required to choufe officers, cajj together the inhabitants of the parifh to a veftry for choofing church-wardens, fynodtmen or fidefmen, and other church officers, as are ufed to be annually chofen in other parifhes, and that he the faid curate or minifter, or in his ab-fence, his lycenfed affiant in the cure of the (kid pariJh, and the inhabitants of the faid parifh, who fhall then meet, (hall choofe two fit perfons for church-wardens, who when fo chofen, (hall be church wardens of the faid parifh of Saint Luke for one year after, and till next Rafter after their being fo chofen, and that for ever hereafter two church-wardens, fynodfmen or fidefmen and overfeers of the poor fhall be yearly chofen at the times and in the manner as is ufual in ether parifhes, and thatfuch church-wardens of the parifh of Saint Luke fo chofen, and their fucceffors, church-wardens of the faid pa-church warden* rifh, (hall be a body corporate, and have power to fuc, or be impowered to fued by tfyc name of the church-wardens of the parifh of purchafe land* Saint Luke, and by that name to purchafe or take lands, te-luccS^ioolnements* hereditaments, of the yearly value of one hon-iia£.	dred pounds fierling, to the ufe of the faid parifh, the ftatote

of mortmain, or any other law or ftatote to the contrary not-withftanding. Ana the faid firft church-wardens of the (aid parifh of Saint Luke, and their fucceffors, be and hereby are impowered to rate and aiTefs the feveral houfes within the faid parifh of Saint Lake in foch manner as they fhall think fit, with the confent of the curate or minifter, and the inhabitants of the faid parifh* or the major part of them, at foch meetings as (hall be appointed to. that pnrpofe for and towards the building or ere&ing a church within the faid to be conftituted as aforefaid, under the name and title of the church of Saint Luke, if the voluntaiy contributions that fluril be oiade towards the faid buildings fhall (all (host and not be 6	fuffickat



Digitized by

the Jtxih tear of Anne, fttfecierit to do it, and to levy the fame with the ne^ffarV charges of fuch levying by dittrefs and fale of the goods fo dHbrained, the overplus, if any, to be reftored to the owner or owners of the faid goods. And that the church-wardens of the parifh of Saint Nicholas without the walls, for the time being, (hall, from and after the divifion of the faid pariih, remain and continue church-wardens of the diftinlt parifh of Saint Nicholas without the walls, as divided as aforefaid, for one year, and till the next Eafter after; and for ever after two church-wardens (hall be yearly chofen for that diftind parifh as nfual in other parifhes, and fuch church-wardens fo thofen for that parifh and their fucccffors church-wardens of the fame, fhall likewife be a body corporate, and have power to fue or be fued by the name of the church-wardens of the parifh of Saint Nicholas without the walls, and by that name to purchafe or take lands, tenements, or hereditaments of the yearly value of one hundred pounds fterling, to the ufe of the fiud parifh, the ftalute of mortmaine, or any other law or ttatute to the contrary notwith (landing.

XII.	And whereas the prefent curate, minifter, or in- Lan(Jf oQt Cumbent of the parifh of Saint Nicholas without the for manfc houfe walls, and the prefent church-wardens and parifhioners of &c, to St. ’ the faid parifh affembled in vefhy, have unanimoufly. Luke’s parifh. agreed, cbnfented, and appointed that all thofe tenements, grounds, and lands lying and being within Do-nore warn aforefaid, and belonging to the parifh of Saint Nicholas without the walls, being in leafe to the late lord chief baron Byfs, and matter Michael Atkmfon, (hall from 1 and after the expiration of the faid leafes, go along with the new parifh of Saint Lake’s as aforefaid, and be for ever the glebe or mans of the curates or minif-ters of Saint Luke’s, and his fncceffors curates or minifters of Saint Luke’s : To the end neverchelefs, that the dean and chapter of the cathedral of Saint Patrick’s Dublin, or any other perfon or perfons with the confent of bis grace the lord archbifhop of Dublin for the time being, may if they think convenient, receive, buy or purchafe the prefent tenants intereft in any part of the faid ground, and lay out, appoint, and feparate as much of the laid land for a church and church-yard, as to them fhall feem neceffary :

Be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, that the aforefaid lands, tenements, and grounds being within Do-nore ward, now belonging to the parifh of Saint Nicholas without, and fet by the laid parifh as aforefaid, to the late lord chief baron Byfs, and matter Michael Atkinfon, fhall from the expiration or fooner determination of the faid leafes, be called, deemed, and taken to be the glebe or mans of the curate or minitter of Saint Luke, and his fuc-cefTors curates or minitter* of Saint Luke’s for ever; re-fcrving neverthclefs, and hereby giving to the archbilhop Of Dublin for the'time bring, a power of receiving, buying,

or

;

Dhrifion «f the pariihes of St. Kathcrint'ft, St. James's, and St John's into diund pariihes.

by the names

of St. Katherine's, and St. James's,

Ibt jtxtb Tear tf Arme. or porchafing die prefent tenants in ter eft, am) of letting out, appointing and feparadng with the confent of the dean and chapter of the cathedral church of Saint Patrick’s Dublin for the time being, fuch part and portion of the faid ground fo received, bought cr purch a fed for a church and church-yard, as to them {ball feem convenient; the reft and refidne of the {aid ground and tenements fo received, bought or porchafed, to be immediately from and after fuch gift, baying or parckifing, the manfe and glebe of the curate or minifter of Saint Lake’s, and his fucceffors curates or minifters of Saint Luke for ever ; and in cafe the laid tenants incereft in the faid leafes cannot be bought or gurchaied, fo as that a chinch may be ere&cd, and a churchyard or exmitry let out thereon, or if fome other ground within the parifh of Saint Luke’s (hall be thought 6uer whereon to build a church, and make a church-yard : Be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the dean hnd chapter of the cathedral church of Saint Patrick’s Dublin, with the confent and approbation of the archbifhop of Dublin for the time being, at any time hereafter to buy, purchafe, or take a grant of any piece of ground within the limits of the faid parifli of Saint Luke’s Herein before expreffed, for a church and church-yard tor the faid parifli, the ftatute of mortmain, or any other law or ftatute to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

XIII.	And whereas the united vicarages or pariihes of Saint Katherine’s, and Saint James's Dublin, and Saint John’s of Kiilmainham are grown too large to be and continue as one parifli; be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the faid united parifhes or vicarages of Saint Katherine’s, Saint James’s and Saint John's of Kill-mainham, from the twenty fifth day of December next, which will be in the prefent year of our Lord God one thoufand ftven hundred and (even, be and hereby are divided into two feveral and diflind vicarages or parifhes, and that the precind or compafs of ground of which the fame doth now confift, be and hereby is conflituted and mane two feveral vicarages or pariihes, divided, feparated, and dif-t:nguifhed as is herein after mentioned, and from and after the time aforefaid, ihail be called by the names of the pa> rifh or vicarage of Saint Katherine’s, and the parifh or vicarage of Saint Janus's, according to fuch their divifion and defeription as is hereiti after mentioned, each of which {hall be feparate from and independant of the other, and {hall each of them by itfelf, have ail parochial rights and privileges as a feparate and diftintt vicarage or panfli, and that after the death, cefiion, furrender or promotion of the prefent incumbent of the faid vicarages or pariihes^ do&or Sacnuel Synge, dean of Kildare, and not before, there {ball be for each of the faid vicarages or pariihes

4.	a	vjc*

s

Digitized by L^ooQle

The Jixth Tear of Anne.	51I

a vicar or minifter feveral and independent from the other* A. D. and conftant and perpetual fucceeding vicars or minifters *707* there for ever, who (hall each of them feverally have the Chap. 21. cure of fouls in the faid refpe&ive parities, and have, en- v*—■—y joy and receive from the inhabitants of their faid refpe&ive parilhes all fuch tithes, oblations, obventions, minifters money, mortuaric, Eafterdues, and other duties, rates, afTefT-ments or taxations as will grow or renew, or (hall hereafter atife, grow or renew within the faid refpe&ive parilhes, and are or fhall be due, and of right ought to be paid to the vicars or minifters of fuch vicarages or parifhes : fubjeft nevertheless to the vifitation and power of the ordinary of the diocefs. and to all fuch cannons and laws ecclefiafticd fuhje*a to the as fuch minifters and vicars are ufually and of right ougnt P°Jrcr*tj1* to be fubje^t to, and that there ihall be for each of the (aid 5iocc&7 C parilhes, two church-wardens, a parilh clerk, and other ufual pariili officers in fuccelfion for ever, who fhall feverally perform the feveral and reipe&ive parilh duties begging to their refpe&ive offices, and feverally have aod receive the ieveral and refpe&ive profits, benefits, privi-ledges and advantages, and authorities ufually enjoyed with and of right belonging to fuch refpedive offices in parilhes.

XIV.	And be it Further enatted by the authority aforefaid, That all that part of the now united parilhes or vicar- Boundaries ages of Saint Katherine’s, Saint James’s, and St. John’s of of St. James's Kill main ham aforefaid, which lies on the weft-fide of the Pariftl» water-courfe which parts Dolpin’s-barn and the earl of

Meath’s liberty, and runs to the Pipes at Saint Jame’s-gate, and on the weft fide of that gate to the river Liffy, alias Anna Liffy, in a ftraight line over againft the weft fide of the Bowling-green houfe, and all the particular llrcets, lanes, places, houfes, grounds and lanas on the fitid weft fide of the laid water and ftraight line, now belonging to the faid united vicarages or parilhes of Saint Katherine’s, Saint James’s, and Saint John’s of Kilmair.-ham aforefaid, fhall be the parilh of Saint James’s, and fo for ever after the time aforefaid, fhall be called, deemed and taken. And it is hereby declared and ena&ed by the . f K authority aforefaid, that all the reft and refidue of the faid	I"

united parilhes of Saint Katherine’s, Saint James’s, and St.

John’s of Kilmainham, pot herein before taken out, or appointed for the faid parilh of Saint James’s, (hall remain, and be the parilh of Saint Katherine’s, and fo for ever be called, deemed and taken.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enabled by the

authority aforefaid. That the right of patronage or prefen- Right of ps-taiion unto the faid feveral and diftinft vicarages of Saint trooage as U-Katherine’s and Saint James’s, and each of them, fhall be f«r* Svifiea. and remain in the fame perfbn or perfons, and in the fame manner to all intents and purpofes as the right of patronage or prefemation to the united vicarages of Saint

Katherine’s*

Digitized by L^ooQle

5i*	The fiscth Year tf A*ne.

A. D.	Katherine’*, Sant Janet’s, and Saint Jbhn’s of Kflhrom-

1707	ham now is, and ftands veiled at the time of making this

Chap. 21. prefent a£t.

— XVI. And be it further enaAed by the authority afore-Incumbent of {aid, That the laid prefent incumbent, vicar, or minifter inone month*’ l^c k*d now un*tC(^ parkhes of Saint Katherine’*, Saint to call a vt ftry James’*, and St. John’* of Kilmainham, within ooe month to dmfe church- after the (aid twenty fifth day of December next, is warden*, Ac. hereby authorifed, impowered and required to call a vef-try of the inhabitant* of the laid vicarage or pariih of Saint James, a* the fame by this aft is divided, for choof-ing church-wardens of the (aid vicarage or parifh of Saint James for one year, and till the neat Eafler after, and then and for ever after, two church wardens (hall be yearly chofen for the (aid vicarage or parifh, ai ufual in other ricaragea or parifhes, and that fuch church-wardens fo chofen as aforefaid, for the fad parifh of Saint James, and their fuccefibr* church-wardens of that parifh, fhall be a body corporate, and have power to foe or be fued by the name of the church-waidens of the parifh of Saint Janie*, and by that name to purchafe or take lands, tenements, or hereditaments of the yearly value of one ^ hundred pounds fitrhng■, to the trie of the faid parifh, the ftatute of mortmaine, or any other law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding. And that the prefent church-wardens of the faid parifh of Saint Katherine’s, and Saint James, and Saint John’s of KHknainham, from and after the faid twenty fifth day of December next, fbaU continue in that office of church-wardens for the faid diftinft parifh of Saint Katherine’s as divided as aforefaid, till the next Eafler, and for ever after two diurch-wardens (hall be yearly chofen for the faid dif-tinft parifh or vicarage of Saint Katherine’s, as ufual in other vicarages or parifhes, and fuch church-wardens fo chofen for that panfh or vicarage as aforefaid, and their fuccefTora church-wardens of the fame, (hall likewife be a body corporate, and have power to fue and be fued by t e names of the church-wardens of the parifh of Saint Katherine’s*

XVII.	And whereas his late Majefty King Chaike the ran oiu » fccond, by letters patents under the great feal of Ireland, grannng certain bearing date at Dublin, the eleventh day of September ia •rcmiiTcs to J. the one and twentieth year of his reign, did give and ’ ;*>*■	grant unto John Rigby Clarke, batchelor of divinity, and

minifter of Saint Katherine’s parifh aforefaid* and to his fuccefTors minifters of the (aid parifh for ever, one timber houfe dated, with a bach-ftde, liable, and garden, formerly the propriety or reputed propriety of William Plunkett of

Bculyi

Letters patent of C. a.

prci

Rigl

Digitized by t^-OOQle

now in pof-' feffion of S.

Tbg fixtb Tear *f Anne.

Beuly* fituate and being in the ffreet commonly called Saint Thomaa-ftreet, in the faid city of Dublin, which faid houfo, backfide, liable and garden, are now in the quiet and actual pofleflion of Samuel Synge Clerke, do&or of divinity, and vicar of the laid parilh. And whereas the faid houie, back-fide, liable and garden, and the improvements which ■were formerly thereupon, are now and have been ever lince 7 the late troubles, much out of repair, fo that neither the (aid Samuel Synge, nor his fucceflors, can or will be able to make any reasonable profit or advantage of the fame in the condition they now are in, nor is the place by reafon of its fituation, found to be commodious or convenient for the ;nc0nve-Jiabitation of the faid Samuel Synge, or his fucceflors mi- meat and out pinifters of the faid parilh, fo as to encourage him or them **?***“» to rebuild or repair the fame, neither can or will any tenant without the fecurity of a leafe be had or procured, build pr make any improvements upon the premifes, fo as to bring in any reafonable rent to the faid Samuel Synge, or bis laid fucceflors, fo that the charitable defign of his lat*

Majefty, in fo giving and granting the premifles as is above-faid, is in danger of being frullrated or rendered of fmaU cffed. Be it therefore ena&ed by tfie authority aforefaid*

That it lhall and may be lawful to and for the laid Samuel power to S. {Synge and hit fucceflors, for the better encouragement of syn&c t0 mak# fuch tenant or tenants as arc or lhall be willing to build or	***&*•“

jnake any other proper or profitable improvements upon the ^ f premifles, or any part of the fame, to fet or fifeke one or more leafe or leafes of the premifles, either whole and entire, or in feveral parts and parcels, for the term of fixty and one years from the twenty fifth day of March, which (hall be in the year one thopfand feven hundred and eight, at fuch yearly rent or rents as the lord archbilhop of Dublin for the time being, and the dean and chapter of the cathc* dral church of Saint Patrick’s Dublin, (hall judge convenient and reafonable, which faid rent and rents lhall be referved pnd made payable unto him the faid Samuel Synge, and hi* fucceflors vicars of the (aid parilh, and alfo that it lhall and may be lawful to and for the faid Samuel Synge, and hi* faid fucceflors for ever, at any time hereafter, to fet, make; or renew all or any of the faid leafe or leafes of the pre- and renew, mifles for the fpace and term of forty years, from the day of the date of each refpe&ive leafe fo to be fet, made, or renewed* fo as that the firlt referved yearly yept or rents fo Referved and payable as abovefaid, lhall not in whole, or in any part be any way impaired or lcflencd* Provided alfo, fuch leafes tm that all and every fuch leafe and leafes fo to be fet, made or regtftcrpd. renewed, Audi be entered and regiflered within one year after the perfe&ing thereof, and the regjftrary of the con-fiftorial court of the diocefs'of Dublin, is hereby required Vol. lit	Kk	to

Digitized by v^ooQle

The fixth Year of Anne, to regifter the faid leafe or leafes for the benefit of pofterity, in the regiftry of the lord archbifiiop of Dublin for the time being, for the fo entering or regiftering of each which Icafes the ium of fix (hillings and no more, (hall be paid to the regiftrary or other officer, whofe office or bufinefs it is or (hall be fo to enter or regifter the fame : Provided alfo. That at the time of malting, fetting or renewing any fuch leafe as is above mentioned, no other fuch leafe of fo much of the premifles, as by fuch leafe is to be demifed, or of any part thereof, (hall then be in being, and not to determine within the fpace of one year.	\

XVIII.	Whereas a confiderable fcope of ground lying mund in pof- between the road which leads to Saint Patrick's Well and Dawfon to be	north	fide	of Saint Stephen’s-green, at prefent part

the parifh of St. and parcel of the parifhes of Saint Peter's and Saint Kevan's, Anne's,	being	now	in the poffeffion of Jofhua Dawfon, efquire, is

now fet, or (hortly to be fet out for buildings, which buildings when finiihed, will contain more inhabitants than can be well accommodated in the parifii church of Saint Peter's: Be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the fcope of ground aforefaid, (hall be, and is conftituted immediately from and after the paffing of this prefent a£f, the parifh of Saint Anne's, feparate and diftin& and indc-pendant of the parifii of Saint Peter's and Saint Kevan's and enjoy all aforefaid, and (hall have by itfelf all parochial rights and parochial right*, priviledges as a feparate and diftinft vicarage or pari(h, and that there (hall be for it a feveral parochial church, and a vicar or minifter, feveral and independant from the other, and conftant and perpetual fucceeding vicars or minifters, who (hall have cure of fouls within the faid vicarage or parifii, and (hall have, receive, and enjoy from the inhabitants of the faid parifii of Saint Anne, afi fuch ecclefiaftical dues as are now of right or by cuflom payable to the vicar or minifter of Saint Peter's, and alfo all fuch fums of money as are or (hall be allotted, ascertained, fet forth, and charged for tho vicar or minifter, on the feveral houfes that are or (hall be built within the faid parifii qf Saint Anne, purfuant to an a6t of Parliament lately pafled in this kingdom, for provifion for minifters in cities and corporate towns, and fiibjedl ncverthelefs, to the vifitation of the ordinary, and all laws, cuftoms and cannons ecclefiaftical to which vicars arc ufually and of right ought to be fiibjeft, and that there ftiall be for the faid parifh two church-wardens, a parifii clerk, and fuch other parifii officers as are ufual in other vicarages or parifhes in fucceffion for ever, who (hall fe-verally perform the feveral and refpe<5tive parifii duties be-longing to their refpe&ive offices, and feverally have and receive the feveral and refpeftive profits, benefits, priviledges,

advantage^

A fcope of

Digitized by LiOoq le

The fixtb Tear of Anne, ...	51	j

advantages and autarkies ufuajly enj9yed with, *nd of A. D. right belonging to fuch refpe&ive offices in parifhes.	1707.

XI3y, And be it further cna&ed by the authority afore- Chap. 21. £iid. That whenever the curacy or parifh of Saint Bridget fhall become vacant by th? de^th, peffion, promotion or lur- ©f the render of thc*prcfent curate or minifter of the faid parifh, ^ Stat,^ James Duncan, Clerke, that then and from thenceforth and apa*cof the not before, all that part of the parifh of Saint Bridget's parilh of St. hereafter named, namely the eaft tide of William-ftr$et, that Anne’*, part of Chequer-lane which lea^s from the north-eaft end of William-ftreet to Grafton-ftreet, all Qrafton-flreet, part of Xifig-fbcd., Clarendon-market, the Square, and back parf thereof, and all Qlarendon-iircet Jyiqg remote from the church of Saint Bridget, and jncoqyenient for the inhabitants, (hall be taken from the parify of Saint Bridget’s, and (hall be m^de and becqme a part pf the parilh of Saint Anne’s*

XX.	And be it further ena&ed by tl>e authority afore- purt 0f st. (hid, That whensoever the vicarages or pttrjfhes of Saint PetcrV and ^ Peter and Saint Kevin’s Ojall become vicant by the death, Kev n’s added . ceffion, promotion or furrender of the prefent vicar or tQ" k‘ Ai*ntf ** minifter thereof John Kernes, Clerke, then and from thenceforth, and not before, all that part or tra& of the faid parifhes of Saint Peter’s and Saint Kevin’s herein after named, namely the north fide of King-ftreet, and all that part of the parifh which lycth northward of it, and fo on northward of §aint StephenVgreen, including the north fide of the faid Saint Stephen’s-green, and fo on northward of the ward leading from Saint Stephcn’s-green as tar as -Menyon-ftreet, and fo down Merryun-fircel, including the weft fide of the faid Merryon-ftrcet 10 ttye roajl leading to Saint Patrick’s Well, lying remote from the parifh church of Saint Peter’s, is inconvenient Jo the parifhioners, (hall be for ever fepar^cd from the fait} parifhes of Saint Peter’s and Saint Kevip’c? and fhall from thence forward, and not before, be made and bepoiqe a part and parcel of the pari in of Saint Anne, and under the cure cf the vicar of Saint Anne, wbq fliall from the inhabitants of the houfes th;it are, or fliall be built upon the ground thus taken od* from the parifh of §aint Bridget’s, and from the vicarage of Saint Peter’s and Saint Kevin’s, and	parts	01	the

parifh of Saint Anne, receive from thence forward, and not before, all ecclefiaftical dues as afprefaid, and all inch fums of money as are or fhall be allotted, ascertained, fet forth and charged on the rcfpe&ive houfes which arc or fliall be built thereon, purfuant to an n& lately pafitd in this kingdom for proviiion for minillers in cities and corporate towns*

K k *	XXI*	And

Digitized by C^ooQLe

5!§

A. D. 1707. Chap. 21.

Vicar of St. Arne'* to call a ▼tftry, to choofe churchwardens, Ac.

mho are im-powered to pur-chafe land* of tool, a year.

and toaffef* the inhabitant* toward* build* ing a church, Ac.

A plet of ground gi\en hy J. Dawlon.

The fixtb Teaf Anne* •

XXI- And be it further ena&ed by the authority afpr&-faid, That the next and firft vicar or miniver of the laid parifh of Saint Anne, within one month after he is inftitutcd into the faid vicarage or parifh, is hereby authorized, im-pbwered, and required to call together the inhabitants of the faid parifh to a veftry for choonng church-wardens, and that the vicar or minifter, or in his abfence, his lycenfcd affiftant in the cure of the faid vicarage, and the inhabitants who {hail then meet, or the major part of them, (hall choofe two fit perfonB for churchwardens, and two fynodfmcp, alias fydefmcn, who when fo chofen, {hall be church-warden# and fynodfmen of the faid parifh for one year, and till the next Eafter after, and for ever after two church-wardens, • two fynodfmen, and other parifh officers {hall be yearly chofen as is ufual in other parifhes, and that fuch churchwardens fo chofen as aforefaid, and their fuccefibrs church-* wardens of the vicarage or parifh of Saint Anne, (hall be a body corporate, and nave power to fue or be fued by the name of the church-wardens of the parifh of Saint Anne, and by that name to purchafe or take lands, tenements, and hereditaments of the yearly value of one hundred pound# Jferltng; to the ufe of the faid parifh, the flatute of mort-maine, or any other law or ftatute to the contrary notwith-ftanding, And the faid firft church-wardcns of the parifh of Saint Anne, and their fuccefibrs, fhall be and hereby are im powered to rate and alfeis the lcverai tiouies within the faid parifh of Saint Anne, in fuch manner as they fhall think fit, with the confent of t}ie vicar and inhabitants of the faid parifh, or the major part of them, at fuch meetings as fhall be appointed for that purpofe, for and towards the building or eredling a church within the faid parifh, he conftituted as aforefaid, under the name and' title of the church of Saint Anne, if the voluntary contribution# that fhall be ma- e towards the faid building fhall faD fhort and not be fufficient to do it, and to levy the fame with the ne-ccflary charges thereof by diftrefs and fale of the goods fo diftraincd, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner or owners of them.

XXII.	And whereas Jofhua Dawfon of the city of Dublin, Efquirc, hath given a plot or piece of ground containing two hundred feet in length or depth, and one hundred feet in breadth, mearing ana bounding eaftward to Dawfon-ftreet, well ward to a lane leading from AnneV ftreet to Duke’s-flreet, and northward by AnneVftrcet, for a church and church-yard, vicarage houfe and garden,* for the faid vicar and inhabitants of the faid parifh of Saint Anne: Be>5t further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That the fajd plot or piece of ground fo given, and appointed anq aeferibed as afoicef#id, be and is hereby veiled

Digitized by Google

The fixth Tear bjf Arihe.

in Marmaduke Coghill and Saifiudl Chopping, Efijuires, and their heirs for ever, upon truft hev -fthelefs, dtid to the intent and purpofe that a parifh church, Veftry houfe, and other rooms and conveniences neceffory for a church, ma^	_

be built thereon for the ufe of the vicar, miniver and pa- veiled in Mar-rifhioners of the faid parifh, and that a church and ctemitry or burying place may be taken out of the faid ground, and ^ inclofed for the ufe of the faid parifh, as alfo that a houfe truft to build a iind garden may be erected and made for the ufe of the p*rifh ctiftrcn, vicar of the faid parifh for the time being, as tlic lord &fc-apchbiftiop of Dublin for the time being fhaU lay out and Appoint the faid ground for each of them.

XXIII.	And in confideratiori that the faid piece or plot Firil prefen-

of ground given by the faid Jofhua Dawfon, Efquire, to Amic’s in the ufe of the faid parifh of Saint Anne as aforefaid, and j	his

in regard that moll of the houfes that will be in that faid executors, &c. parifh will be built or caufed to be built by him : Be it

therefore eoa&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the faid Jofhua Dawfon, his executors, adminiftrators, dr affigns,

{hall have and enjoy the firft ajid next prefentation of a vicar or a minifter to and for trie faid church and parifh of Saint Anne’s. Provided he or they, or any of therfi, do prefent Duoiinand to the fame a perfon fit and qualified according to the fucccfTort. £cclefiaftical laws of this kingdom, within fix months after either the j^arifhes of Saint Bridget’s, or the vicarages of Saint Peter's and Saint Kevin’s mail be voiil by the death, ceflion, promotion, or furrender of their or either of their tfefpe&ive minifters or incumbents, and that for all time to* come, after the faid firft prefentation, the right of patronage of the faid vicarage, and of collation and prefentation td‘ the fame fhall belorig to the archbilhop of Dublin, and his fucccfTors archbifhops of Dublin for ever.	’

XXIV.	And whereas feveral of thofe perfon* who upon the next and firft vacancy of the cure of Saint Bridget's, of upon the next and firft vacancy of the vicarage of Saint Petef’s and Saint Kevin's, will according to this prefent a<ft be parifhioners and inhabitants of the laid parifh of Saint

Anne, have feats at prefent in the parifh' churches to which Difpofal of they now belong refpe&ively, and have contributed towards feat*, the building or erecting their prefent refpe&ive parifh churches: Be it therefore ena&ed by the authority afore-fiid, That they who have feats in their refpe&ive parifh churches, fhaU be and are hereby impowered to fell and cKfpofe of fuch feats a$ they have, or mall have in either of tfiofe parifh churches l-efpe&ively, to the church-wardens of fo’ch refpfc&ive parifh fbr. the ufe of the laid parifh, or if the laid church-wardens wilf nbt purchafe the fame as afere-faid, for the ufe of the (aid parifh, then to any other inhabitant of tht faid pariftr, provided he be of the protdfWmf

religion

Digitized by Google

5*8

A. D.

«7°7-Chap. 21.

Vicar of St. A fine's impow-ered to call vcftrici, Ac.

Nothing in this ad to injure John Travers, Ac:

Tbi fixth Year ef Amte. religion as now by law eftablifhed* and alfo that. no fuels peiion as aforefaid, who was afterfed and paid towards the building of the pari/h church of Saint Bride’s, or toward* the building of the parifh church of Saint Peter’s# (hall be afTeffed or compelled to pay towards the building of the pariih church of Saint Anne’s upon their becoming nardh-toners of the faid pariih of Saint Anne’s, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithHanding.

XXV.	And be it further enacted by the authority afbre-faid, That from and after the building and fin idling the faid church of Saint Artne, the vicar or minifter, church-warden* and parishioners (hall and may hold veflries, and make byelaws, rules, and orders for the regulation and ordering of the faid pariih, reparation of the faid pariih church from time to time, and all other matters incident to a pariih according to cuflom, and as any other pariihes of and in the city of Dublin, or el few he re may do or can do, which (ball have the fame and no greater force and effe& in law, at byi-laws, rules, and orders made in fuch other pariihes h. ve or ought to have.

XXVI.	Provided, and be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That neither this ad, nor any thing therein contained, (hall extend or be conilrued to extend to take away, extir.guifh, bar or hinder the faid do&or John Travers, vicar of Saint Andrew’s, doftor John Stem, curate of Saint Nicholas pariih without the walk, do&or Samuel Synge, vicar of the united vicarages or parities of Saiut Katheriue’s, Saint James’s, and Saint John’s of Killmaui-haih, James Duncan Clerk, curate of the parifh of Saint Bridget’s, or John Keames, vicar of Saint Peter’s and Saint Kevin’s, as aforefaid, or any or either of them re-fpe&ively, or their feveral and rrfpe&ive executors, aclmi-niilrators, or aligns, from having, colle&ing, or receiving and taking all fuch tythes, oblations, obventions, miimlerx money, morturays, Eafter dues, and other duties, rates, affeflments, or taxations as may arife, grow, or renew, or (hall hereafter arife, grow or renew within their refpec-tive p.irifhes, and are due, and of right ought to be paid, or (hall become due to them refpe&ively, during their re-fpe&ive incumbencies, but that they (hall be intitled to and receive the fame refpe&ively, as if the. faid feveral and re-fpe&ive parifhes were undivided, and this a A had not been made, and that the church-wardens which (hall be in office in any of the aforefaid pariihes of Saint Andrew’s, Saint Nicholas without the \Valls, the united pariihes of Saint Katherine's, Saint James’s, and Saint John’s of Killmain-ham, Saint Bridget’s, Saint Peter’s, and Saint Kevin’s, at the time when each refpe&ive parifh (hall become void as aforefaid, by the death, cefiion, promotion, or furrendcr of

the

x

Digitized by CjOOQle

Com million*

The JixtbYtar of Anne. r the prefeat incumbent* thereof refpe&ively as afordaid, fhall have power and authority, and are hereby enjoyned and required to colle& whatever money fhall be then due out of their refpe&ive parifhes, to the refpe&ive incumbents, or to their refpe&ive executors, or adminiftrators, according to the prefent bounds of their refpe&ive parifhes, and fhall pay the money fo qolle&ed to the prefent incumbents of their refpe&ive parifhes, their executors, adminiftrators, or afligns refpe&ively.

XXVII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority . aforefaid. That the chief governour, or governours and to iflue from"

council of this kingdom for the time being, fhall iffue their C. governor for

diflinCf commillions or orders, one for the parifh of Saint *h®fcver»l P®-

Mark, another for the faid parifh of Saint Luke, and a poising ao

third for the parifh of Saint Anne, each of them conftitut- commiitoncr*

mg and appointing twenty or more difcreet perfonsfor each for each to ere &

parifh, to be commiffioners for cre&ing the faid three new riiurchc*, *c,

churches, inclofing the faid church-yards, ere Cling gallaries,

pulpits, defks, pews, and other neceffary ornaments of the

laid churches, who are hereby required within three months

after they fhall be fo nominated and appointed, to give in

an eftimate in writing, under the hands of twelve or mpre

of them, of the charges neceffary for building and finifhing

the faid refpedive churches, and providing fuch ornaments,

after which eftimate fo returned, in the faid chief governour

or governours and council of this kingdom, fhall nominate

and appoint fuch perfon or perfons as to them fhall feem

meet, to take and receive the fubferiptions and contributions

of fuch perfon or perfons, bodies politick and corporate,

as fhall be willing to contribute any thing towards the

building the faid refpc&ive churches and other conveniences,

and to colleCl and receive the money fo fubferibed, of which

fubferiptions and cohesions fuch perfon fo to be appointed,

(hall from time to time make true returns to fuch chief governour, or governours and council, and pay the fame according to their directions.

XXVIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority Church builc aforefaid. That a church now building at Ballymenagh, at Ballymenagh which is a confiderable market town in the parifh of Kil- churcS^fVil-conriola, in the diocefs of Connor and county of Antrim, conrj0ia for fhall be deemed and reputed the only parifh church of the ever.

faid parifh of Kilconriola for ever, fo foon as the ground on which the faid church is built, with a convenient churchyard, fhall be mortified for the (aid ufes, by Sir Robert Adairc, the prefent proprietor of it, and the faid church fhall be confecrated ; laving to her Majefty, her heirs and fucceffors, and to all and every other perfon or perfons what-foever, ail fuch right, title, and interelt as they or any of them haw: in or to any advowfon, presentation, or donation of any the faid parifhes or vicarages.	.

4	XXIX. Afti

I

Digitized by CjOOQle

5*®	f %i ftxtb Ytar tf Afme.

A. D. XJtt And be it further declared And etra&ed by A 1707. authority aforefkid, That this ad be, and it hereby declared and ena&ed to be in aO courts and places a publick nGt «rf pafclnk Parliament.-----------—> • . — -------

The Eighth Year of ANNE.

CHAP. III.

A. D.

An A3 for explaining end amending an A3 intituled. An A3 to prevent the further Growth of Popery.

Repc*l«4 u "T TTHE REAS an aft made in this kingdom in the to papifti V V fecond year of the reign of her Majefty, intituled, apprentices.	a:f t0 pre<vent the further Growth of Popen, has been

eluded by making of fettlements on papifts, by granting annuities for lives, in tail, and fee-fimple, and by perfecting collateral fecurities, as judgments, recognizances, and ftatutes defeazanced, for performing the covenants in fuch deed of annuity, and for anfwering private trufts for the benefit of fuch papilla, under colour and pretence that annuities, being only perfonal and not real inheritances, are not comprehended within that daufe of the faid aft, whereby papifts are difabled from purchaling lands and tenements: for remedy whereof, and for avoiding all disputes that may arife thereon, be it drafted by the Queen’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and con-font of the lords fpiritual amd temporal and commons in Annuities to, this prefont Parliament affembled, and by authority of the •r in trull for fame, That no papift, nor any other perfon or perfons in

ma* aff d** tru^ an^ P3P*^9 from an<* a^er Ac tcnt^ ^7 Unds and May onc Aoufand feven hundred and nine, be capable to judgments, Ac. take, have, or receive, any annuity for Kfe, or term of to feture the years determinable on any life or lives, or for any greater fcmefo far void. or kflfe,, effete any ways chaigeable on, or that may affeft, any fends, tenements, or hereditaments; and that all judgments*, ftactttUeff of the ilapie* or merchant, recognizances, and all and every other lecurity and fecurities what5* forever, which at any time hereafter lhall be entered into, acknowledged, made, or perfected to any papift cfr papifts, or to any other perfon or perfons in Cruft for, and to the ufe of, Inch papift or papiftB, for the fecuring of any Inch annuity or annuities, or performance of any luch truft, and every judgment or judgments obtained, had, or to be had, err fuch annuity, as far only as fuch judgment or judgments may aflfeft any lands, tenements, or hereditaments of fuchpapift or papifts, lhall be and are hereby Execution declared* to be* null and void ta all intents and purpofes. may be againft II. Provided neverthdefs; that airy papift, to whom fuel* grantor. annuity /hall or may be granted; may upbtf judgment ob* •tamed; take-out* execution agaiflft the perfon or perfomd effete of fuch grantor.	HI*	And



Digitized by LjOOQle

5 « A. D.

•709-Chap. 3.

Children of popifh parents

*t%4 eighth Tear Artrtd*

HI. Arid be it further ena£!ed by the authority i/ore-- faid, That where and as often as arty child Or children of any popifh parent or parents hath ot have heretofore pt6-

*	fefled of conformed him, her, or themfelves unto, or fhall hereafter conform him, her, or themfelves to, the pro-feftant religion as by law eftablHhed, and enrol in the high court of Chancery a certificate of the bifhop of the dio- ^ ccfs in which he, (he, or they (hall inhabit or refide, tef- certificate tifymg his, her, or their being a proteftant or proteftants, thereof, on a

*	and conforming him, her, or themfelves to the church of Ml the pare®* Ireland as by law aftablifhed, it fhall and may be lawful for

the high court of Chancery, upon a bill founded upon this of real and per-a€t, to oblige the faid popifh parent or parents, to difeover foo*! dUto, upon oath the full value of all his, her, or their eftate, as weH perfonal as real, clear over and above all real incumbrances and bebts contracted bona fide for valuable confider-

*	afion before the enrolment of fiich certificate, and thereupon to make fuch order for the fupport and maintenance and an order of ftfch proteftant child or children, by the diftribution ma^c for

*	of the faid real and perfonal eftate to and among fuch pro- *£*inunADCC' teflant child or children, for the prefent fupport of luch 2 ^ proteftant child or childreri, and alfo to and for the portion

or portions, arid future maintenance or maintenances, of fuch proteftant child or children, after1 the deceafe of fuch popifh parent or parents, as the faid court findl judge fit; by tvhich* order the real and perfonal eftate of fuch popifh parent fhall be charged with fuch portion and portions, future maintenance and maintenances, and fupport, from the time of the enrolment of fuch certificate as aforefaid, notwithftanding NotwiA-tny fraudulent gift or fale, or voluntary difpofition, or any voluntary charge or incumbrance by ftatute ftaple, judg- nr^|f ment, bond, devife, or otherwife made, entered into, acknowledged, foffered or done, after the enrolment in the high court of Chancery of the certificate aforefaid : provided that fuch order and diftribution among the proteftant Such order children of fuch popifh parent fhall not exceed one third not part of the perfonal and real eftate, for the maintenance parent* life and fupport of fuch proteftant child or children during the life of fuch popifh parent.

IV.	And whereas fuch popifh parents do frequently fet If fraudulent sip fuch fraudulent fettlements and incumbrances, and l*afc*» V?*- made make fraudulent leafes at low and inconfiderable rents, to	*	*

make their eftate real and perfonal appear fmall and of little value, in order to deprive fuch of their children, as fhaft become proteftanta, of a reasonable fupport and maintenance, and fuch devices are earned on and concealed with fo much fubtility, that it is difficult to difeover the fame, fo that the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or coirttniffioners of the great feai, not htfvfngf the truth of tfre matter laid before him or them, may often decree lets I	portio*

Digitized by

Google

or if thedbtc improved.

Aieh portion*

and maipfe-’ nancc» mar on new bill* oe augmrotrd by Chancery, &c.

Or fnchnew bills, if vexatious, dilmiffcd with cofts.

% 6,

Fines, recoveries, and con* vcyanccs fince iftjan 1703, by papift, *c. to bar protof-

7li eighth Ytmr ef Anne, portion and maintenances, than he or they othenrife would have done, if the true circumftances of fuch popifh parent, or parents had truly and fairly appeared to him or them ; and whereas the eftate of fuch popifh parent or parents may encreafe and become better after fuch portions and allowances made by the court of Chancery, and yet after fuch decree is made up and enrolled, it may be doubted whether the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or commiffioners of the great feal, can encreafe fuch portion or maintenances, notwithftanding it fhould be difeovered and made appear to him or them, that the eftate real or perfonal of fuch popiftt parent or parents was much greater, than at the time of the decree it appeared to be, or that fuch popifh parent or parents had enenrafed or improved his, her, or their eftate: for remedy whereof be it further ena&ed by the authority afbre-faid. That notwithftanding any fuch decree made up or enrolled, it (hall and may be lawful for the high court of Chancery from time to time, upon a new bill or bills founded upon this a£t, to encreafe or augment fuch portion or portions, maintenance or maintenances, formerly decreed or allowed to fuch proteftant child or children of fuch popifh parent or parents, according to the value of the eftate real or perfonal of fuch parent or parents at the time of fuch new bill or bills preferred.

V.	Provided always. That if it (hall appear to the (aid court, that fuch new bill or bills are groundlefs and vexatious, that then the laid court (hall difmifs the fame, and award full cofts to the defendant, to be levied as cofts in other cafes are ufually levied.

VI.	And forafmuch as many Irifh papifts of this kingdom, in order to defeat and elude the (aid a& of Parliament to prevent the farther growth of popery, did, between the firft day of January one thoufand feven hundred and three and the twenty fourth cf March following, levy and fuffer fines and recoveries of their feveral edates, whereof they were feized in tail, in order to bar all remainders that were then veiled, or afterwards might veft, in any protef-tants, and likewife did make fuch difpofitions and voluntary conveyances of the fame and other their eftates, whereof they were feized in fee-fimple, as that the faid eftates might never come to any Englifh-man or proteftant, or any that fhould turn proteftant, and qualify themfelves according to the intent, purport, and encouragement of the hud a£t to ire vent tbe fittber growth of popery: for remedy whereof, and for further explanation of the faid ad, be k declared and ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That ail and every fcttlement and fettlements, fine and fines, common recovery and recoveries, end other conveyances, had or made fince the faid firft day of January one thoufand

feven



Digitized by f^ooQle

The eighth Tear of Anne.	523

feven hundred and three, of any lands, tenements^ or here-	A. D.

ditaments, in this kingdom by fuch papift or papifts, or by	I 709.

any proteftant or proteftants who turned papift at any Chap. 3. time fmce the faid firft day of January one thoufand feven hundred and three, or by any fuch papift, together with tamsinreverfioa hi8 then proteftant wife, who hath turned papift as aforefaid, ^id aTto fiJi whereby any proteftant or proteftants are barred of any proteftant*. eftate in reverfion or remainder, whereunto fuch proteftant or proteftants was or were intitled at the time of levying fuch line or fines, or fuffering fuch recovery or recoveries, or making fuch conveyances, /hall, as to fuch proteftant or proteftants, be null and void ; and that fuch proteftant or proteftants (hall become intitled unto, and feized of, fuch lands or tenements according to fuch eftate as he, (he, or they had in fuch lands, tenements, or hereditaments, at the time of perfe&ing fuch conveyances, or levying fuch fines, and fuffering fuch recoveries, as if fuch fine or fines, recovery'** recoveries, conveyance or conveyances, had not been levied,* differed, or made.	•

VII.	Provided always, that nothing herein contained

dhall extend to impeach or avoid any purchafe or mortgage, ^ftateor eftate, or Incumbrance, really and bona Jide made for full incumbrace, kc. and valuable confideration to any proteftant or proteftants +& t O. j. whatfoever; fubje& neverthelefs to all fuch debts and real incumbrances at the time of the deceafe of fuch papift, ^ *Mrm chaiging fuch eftate, as the fame would have been fub- SobjeA to je& to upon the defeent thereof, according to the true and real intent and meaning of the faid act, and this prefent act. incumbrances,

VIII.	Provided neverthelefs. That every fuch proteftant protcftants

in remainder or reverfion as aforefaid (hall have the right, remain**- or condition, or equity of redemption of all and every luch reverfion to ha*# mortgages or incumbrances.	.	equity of re-

IX.	And whereas by the aforefaid a£t to prevent the m*>UOn’ further growth of popery, among other things it is enacted

in thefe words; (that is to fay) 44 And be it further en- Recital of the 44 a£ted by the authbrit^ aforefaid. That all lands, tene- gavel-kind 44 ments, or hereditaments, whereof any papift now is, or claufe a Aw 6. 44 hereafter (hall be, feized in fee-fimple^ or fee-tail, (hall-^;/°

44 from thenceforth fo Jong as any papift (hall be feized u±e 44 of or intituled to the fame in fee-fimple or fee-tail, be 44 of the' nature of gavel-kind ; and if not fold, aliened,

44 or difpofed of by fuch papift in his life-time for good 44 and valuable confideration of money really and bona pde 44 paid, (hall for fuch eftate from fuch papift defeend to 44 and be inherited by all and every the ions of fuch papift 44 an j way inheritable to fuch eftate, (hare and (hare alike y 44 and not defeend on or come to the eldeft of fuch fons 44 only, being £ papift, as heir at law; and (hall in like.

44 manner from fuch refpcCtiye fgns, being papilU, defeend

“ t#:

Digitized by

Said claufe to take effect from iff day of fellion.

And all convey* an<Jes, fince to prevent defeent ifi gavel-kind, or to eldeft fon piotcft-

Not to extend tobCoOveyancea after aift Sept* 1705, and before 25 th March 1704, for confiderati-onsof marriage or money.

Tht iigBlb TeUr 6jT Anne.

" id m W ifihffrttd hf m and <FVcrv iBf font 6f fncH 44 fetas, ffutrt jtnd fhare alike, and hot acfctild to fhc eldeft 44 Of fuch fobs being k p&pift a* heiV at law Only. And 44 that for Winf of iffhe-male 6f fucfl papift, tfie fame fhafl 44 defeeftd to all hiS daughters, any way inheritable to 44 fach eftate, in eqmfl proportion^ : dnd fof want of fuefi 44 iffoe, aihong tlii coHateral kindred of fuch papift, of 44 the kin Of hii father, any way inheritable' to fuch eftate, 44 in equal degree: and for vhlnt of fuch kindred, to tfid 44 collateral kindred of fuch £dpift of the kiu of his mo* 44 ther, any Way inheritable to fuch eftdte, find not other-44 wife; notwitlinanding any grant, fettkfnent, or difpofition 44 by will or otherwife, that raiffl Be made by filch papill, 44 other than fuch fale, aKendtion, of difpofition, to be made by 44 fuch papift as aforefaid: fubjeff nevertheless to all fuch 44 debts and real incumbrances, at the time of the dcceafe of 44 fuch papift charging fu£h effete:” and whereas fome doubts have firifen upon the firft words of the faid claufe, that is to fay, from what time that claufe,' oir part of the faid st6fc, wsfc to take efffc6l, Whether from the firft day of the fellion of that Parliament wherein the faid af& was made, or from any find what othef day 6r time; be if therefore declared arid tnafted by the authority aforefaid,' That the aforefaid recited claufe, c/r pfirt of the faid a&, (hall be deemed, confirmed, find fudged to take effeci from the firft day of that fcflionf Of Parliament : and that all fuch fef dements, and all ftreli bargains find fales, releafes, feoffments, and other conveyances whatfotver, and all finefi and recoveries made, eluted, levied, Or fuffihred by any papill, of any lands, tenements, oi* hereditaments, fince the laid firft day of that feffiou of Parliament to elude the faid a6l, or which may any way prevent or hinder fuch lands,-tenements, or hereditaments, fr6m defcending or going in gavel-kind, or to the eHeff fon of any papill, turning pro-teilant, according to the true intent and meaning of the faid a&, be null, void, and of tt‘of(i€ effe6f.

X.	Provided ffiat Uoffirn# fetflh dontained Iball extend, or fee eonftrued to extend^ (6 any lands, tenements, or berCditaiberrtS, fold, aliened, efifoofed of, of fettled, after the twenty foil of Sdpteftber 6he thortfand feven hundred find three, and before the fWenty fifth of March one thonfaiTd feveri hundred find ftrfcr, f&r good and valuable confidentronS of m’arria^d, oT of nionry bend Jidt paid, or for fuch reasonable rhaintdirdiices find portions for daughters rfnd youftger dbflrfren; as fach fends, tenements, or he-fieditamentarfire, of ffraff bt? dfcrgetf with, according tfcrthd fitfd aft 5 bfit efc&ffucft felefcj dttjpblftmiri, or fettle* lfdnts; fhafl flandamf rffirriaiftdf tctirot for'tlft benefit of the* fi?hrraf purchaferb of fsAftfr lfirit^'	of sheTedita-

xttnfs, and of the perfont parties to the faid marriage or

nyurriag

Digitized by LjOOQle

f h figbth Tear of Anpe.	5*£

piarnagt-afticjes, ?nd of fuch womap af (hall spy A* D, jointure fettlafi pn b<nr jn cpofidp^atjon of fuch marriage?	1709*

apd of the iflup of fpcfi marriage, acponjjpg to ttye fcppc	Chap.- |t

apd intent of fuch mpfriage^tlement, and fqr the benefit of no other perfpp wh^tfoevqr; auy thing in this 5>r feid recited a& to thp contrary not^ithilapping.

XI.	ProviJed ajway^, apd be it further ena$C{l by thp No convert authority aforefcud, That no perfon of pcrfops, who hath deemed protcft-or have turned, pr (hall turn, from the popifh to tl*e pro-	Unle&

tfftant religion a$ by Ipyr eftabiiflied, Ih^ll be deemed or ke receives the taken to be a proteftant lyithip the intention qf this ad, faenuneat, fnk-pr the former a&, or (ha)l take benefit thereby, notwith- ^hesthedb-ftandiqg fuch perfon, fo profefling hppfelf a proteftapt, (hall 6> ^dtokeoatk purfuant to this or the faid former a& to preiunt the further ©f abjuration, growth of popery, procure the certificate of the biffiop of «pd we certifL the diocefs, as is herein pud hereby or by the faid fprmer f41* thereof. a& dire&ed, iqilefs fpcb perfon apd perfons (hall within the fpace of fix months then ne$t after fuch perfon ojr perfons declaring himfelf or theqiftjyef a protpft^pt qp proteilpnts, o\ within fix mpntbs fuch perfon or perfons (hay attain the pgp of eightpep years, or thpfe who have already beep converted, dq brfory the twenty fifth oif December one thoufaqd feven hundred an4 pine, of within three months after he or they (hall return ipto this kingdom, in cafe he or they be now Alt of the kingdom, take and receive the holy facrament of the Lord’s Supper, according to the order and ufage of the faid church of Ireland* and make anfi fubfefibe the declaration, purfuant tp an a& intituled. An a% to prevent the further growth of popery • and (hall alfo t^ke the oath of abjuration, apd (hall file in the high court of Chancery, or fomc other of her Majefiy’s Four courts at Dublin, a certififatf of certificates thereof, ip like manner as the bifoop’s certificate is to be filed, for which certificate no greater fee (hall be taken than fix Fee for certi-pence ; any thing herein, or pi fhe (aid former a& againft ficate, W. the further growth of popery, contained to the contrary ip ^ny wife pot with (landing.

^XII. And be it further eqa&ed by the apthority afore-. Converts ia faid. That every perfon, that now is or hereafter (hall be employment, converted f om the popifh to the proteftant religion, and *haH educate gor.form himfelf to the church of Ireland by law eftab- x^^thneof*^ lifhed, and (hall have, hold, or enjoy apy imployment, converfion office, or place of profit, or truft, by virtue of any com- proteftants million, grant, or authority from her Majefty, her heirs or fucceffors, or be a member pf either hopfp of Parliament, * or pra&ice as barrifter at law4 pttorney, or follicitor, or 1 G. a. ao. officiate as officer in any of her Majefty’s courts of law*, or any other court whatsoever, (hall qiufe all his tfuldrep

Digitized by CjOOQle

to

to cooftsblei, or Inferior civil officers.

fopiffi wife of a papift haw inr power to make jointure, conform iag.

Sec. (hall, it (he Junrives, have fuch provifion as upon a biU adjudged in Chancery, not exceeding the power 5

The eighth Tear of Anne, under the age of fourteen years at the time of the couverfiou of fuch parent, to be educated ip the pro-teflapt region as by hew eftahliflied, and for default thereof fuch imploymcnt, office, or ptfeoa of profit or truft, is hereby declared null and void, and fech member of Parliament fhall be incapable to fit or votr in either houfe of Parliament, and the party offending for ever incapable to have, holjl, and enjoy any im-r plovment, office, or place of profit or truft under her Majefty, her heirs or fucceffors 5 and that every fuch barrifter, attorney, folicitor, and officer, fhall be incapable of pra&ifmg as barrifter, attorney, of folicitor, privately or publickly, or officiating in apy of the courts aforefaid.

XIII.	Provided that nothing herein contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to the office of high con-ftable, petty conftable, tything-man, headborough, overfeer, of the poor, church-wardens, furveyors of the high wavs, or any like inferior civil office in the kingdom.

XIII.	And whereas feveral perfons of the popifh religion in this kingdom m the fettlements of their' feveral eftates have power referved or given to make and fettle in jointure on any wife either particular lands of tenements therein mentioned, or by wzy of rent charge out of the lands, tenements, or hereditaments, in fuch fettlement or out of fome part thereef, or by fome other way; and after fuch fettle-ment fuch perfon, to whom fuch power is given or irferv-ed, hath married or may marry fome woman of the popifh religion, which woman after fuch marriage may, during the continuance thereof, be inclined to renounce the errors and fuperftitions of the church of Rome, and become of the proteftant religion as by law eftablifhed, but tray be dif-couraged or deterred from the doing thereof, by reafen that her popifh hufband hath not executed fuch power to appoint a jointure, nor will likely do the fame after fuch wife is become a proteftant as aforefaid; be it further enabled by* the authority aforefaid, That if any woman, who was a pnpifi at the time of her marriage with a popifh huTr band, who hath any power referved to him on any fettlc-inent, making him tenant for Hfc^ to limit or appoint any jointure on fuch wife, and yet hath not or fhall net execute fuch power in his life time ; if fuch ^vornan fhall become a protdlant, and enrol a certificate thereof from the bifhop of the diocefs, and alfo receive the faemment according to the ufage and order of the church of Ireland as by law eftablifhed, if fuch woman furvive her faid popifh hufband, fhe fhall have and enjoy fuch provifion as the lord chancellor, or lord keeper, or commifii oners of the great feai for the time bring, upon a bill grounded upon this ad,

(hall

Digitized by L^OOQle

The eighth Tear tf Anne.	517

(hall think reafonable and fit to adjudge, not exceeding the A. D.

power referved in fuch fettlement.	1709.

* XV. And for the further encouragement of fuch popifh Chap. 3.

wife to become a proteftant aa aforefaid in the life time of -----v

her popifh hufband 5 be it enabled by the' authority afore- a®d» not bung-faid, That fuch popifh wife or wives of fuch popifh	fcSl

band or hufbands, who is or are now become a proteftant or have g propor-proteftant8,or (hall hereafter becomea proteftant or proteftanta don, as herein, in the life of fuch popifii hufband or hufbands, (hall have and receive fuch proportion or (hare, not being otherwife ^ontary °* provided for by vertue of any agreement before marriage, difpofition, and or by reafon of dower or jointure, or other eftate, charge, the ft At, 7 or intereft, out of the freehold and inheritance, of fuch ^-3* k hufband before or after #fuch marriage, of the chatties real and perfonal of her or their popifh hufband or huf-bands, whereof he or they (hall dye poffeffed of or intituled unto, as the high court of Chancery (hall on a bill, to be preferred by fuch widow or widows, grounded on this a&, think reafonable, not exceeding one third part after" debts and funeral charges notwithftanding any will or voluntary alienation or difpofition to be made by any. fuch popifh hufband or hufbands to the contrary, and notwithftanding an a& made in the feventh year of the late King William the third of glorious memory, intituled. An aft for the better fettling inteflate ejlatesy to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XVI.	And whereas by an aft made in the feventh year 7 JPJfr 3. ; of King William the third of glorious memory, it is en- 4* /*&• 9-a£ted, “ That no perfon whatsoever of the popilh religion ** (hall publickly or in private houfes teach fchool, or in-f ftru& youth in learning within this realm, upon the pain u of twenty pounds, and alfo of being committed tp pri-	,

** fon without bail or mainprize, for the fpace of three ** months for every fuch offence which law hath proved ineffectual; and that notwithftanding the fame, many perfon s of the popifh religion do continue to keep publicly fchools for the inftrudlion of youth, and, when profecuted by prefentment of the grand jury for fo doing, do abfeond or repair to other counties to keep publick fchools, and thereby evade and efcape the pains andpunhhnjents impoft*} by the faid a&: and whereas feveral proteftant fchool-mafters, to encreafe the numbers of their fchotars, do chiife to combine with fuch papifts, rather than profecute fuch popifh fchool-mafters, qnd to * elude the fidd a£t do entertain fuch perfons proTeffing the popifh religion to be ufhers, under-mailers or affiftqats, to teach and inftruft youth in learning under fuch propellant fchool-mafters, who frequently thereby become negligeut of their faid fchoolfe and leqve the inftru^ion of the	as	well	the	protefi

taat

/

Digitized by i^ooQle

ji8	The	eighth	Tear of Ann*,

A. p. taut as popifh fcholars, to the care and inftruAioa of (Vick 1709.	popifh under fchool-mafter, ufher, or affiftant*. fo bjthoa

Chap. 3,	eptertained and allowed, whereby popery doth continue to

grow and is propagated in this kingdom: for remedy where* PapUt leaching of, be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That whatfo-tchool, or ufeer crer perfon of the popifh religion {hall publicity teach Saned and ** kb00** or (hah inftrud youth m learning in any private profeemedas houfe within this realm, or (hall be entertained to wftru§ popift regular, youth in learning as ufher, under-mafter, or affiftant, by any proteftant fchool-mafter, he (hall be efteemed and ta]teu to be a popifh regular clergyman, and to be profecuted at fuch, and incur fuch pains, penalties, and forfeitures as any popifh regular convift is liable unto by the laws and flatutei Hone qualified this realm • and that no perfon whatsoever after thf anlefa at next firft day of November one tnoufand feven hundred *n4 dfifca he take nine (hall be qualified to teach or keep fchoo) pnblickly, the oaths. ^ tcach and mftru& youth in learning in any priyait houfe, or as ufher, or aflSftant to any proteftant fchooh mafter, who (hall not firft, or at the next general affixes or general quarter-feflions of the peace, to be held for the cquxv? ty where fuch perfon (hall inhabit or refide, after fuch perfon is fo entertained, take the oath of allegiance, and make and fubferibe the declaration, and take a&4 fubferibe the oath of abjuration, as in the faid a& agasnft ihe further growth f pop-vj is dire&ed and exprefledi and if any perfon after the faid firft day of November one thoyfand fevei^ hundred and nine (ball offend herein, he fhall forfeit the Fenaky tol. fum of ten pounds for every fuch offence: and if any per-P«fons en- fon fhall entertain any one, not qualified as aforefaid, •TnoTmulificd, tutol> under-mafter, ufher, or afliftant, he (hall forfeit th* penalty, 10I. ’ fum of ten pounds for every fuch offence : the one moiety Said penalties,, of which (aid feveral forfeitures fhall go to the informer, as herein. the other moiety (the cxpence of the profecution being firft deduced) to the ufe of the poor of the parifh where fuch offence (hall be committed, to be recovered in a fummary way by civil bill before the judge or judges of aflize in court; and for the county and county of the city of Dublin fuch forfeitures to be recovered before the juftices of the peace at their general quarter-feffions. a Amu 3 and XVII. And whereas in the fecond year of bet prefent 4 Anne %. made1 Majefty’s reign a good law paffed in this prefent Parliatnenh pcipetnal. intituled. An aft to prevent popijh priefts from coding uttt this kingdom, which was to continue and be in force fo* fourteen years, and to the end of the next feffion of Parliament after the expiration of the (aid fourteen y9Hb wA no longer, which a & is fit to be made perpetual; and whereas one other good a A pafled in the fecond feffion of Shis prefent Parliament, intituled, An aft to expiain and afnend an aft for regiftering the pqjfijb olergpj which tfc •	-	continue

Digitized by LjOOQle

The eighth Year of Anne,	529

continue in force to the twenty firft of September, which A. D. wm in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred 1709. and eight, and to the end of the then next feffion of Par- Chap. 3. liament, and no longer, which laft mentioned aft is alfo fit to be continued and made perpetual; be it therefore en-a&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the faid firft mentioned aft to prevent popijh priefis coming into this kingdom, and alfo the laid laft mentioned a&, intituled. An ad to explain and amend an ad for regijiering the popijh clergy, be, and they and each of them is, and are hereby made perpetual,

XVIII. And to the end that every popifh prieft, who p0pl(h prieft* at any time before the making of the faid a& for regi Iter-converted in ifig the popifh clergy did turn protellant, and all fuch	froln

popifh prieiU who have been regiltered purfuant to the txQ revive130^ laid a6t, and have fince or fhall at any time become pro-yearly till pro-te It ant 8, and (hall be approved of as converts, and received vided for. into the church by the archbifhop or bilhop of the diocefs wherein he or they lived or relided, and conforming him or thfeqdelves to the church of Ireland as by law ellablilhr ed, and having taken the oaths, and made and fubferibed the declaration, in fuch manner as the conformable clergy to the faid church of Ireland are obliged to do, at any quarter-(eilions in any county or city as aforefaid; be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That every fucli converted prieft or y G 2. 9 prieft8, or who fhall be converted within the term of feven 11 & years, to be accounted from and after the /aid firft day^1^ 3 *c* of September one thoufand feven hundred and nine, fhall have and receive the fum of thirty pounds Jlerling yearly, cmtinucJtUvtn and every year, and no more, by virtue of this or any for-.7Mr/> &c-mer a&, during their rcfidence in fuch county for their maintenance, and until he or they are otherwife provided for by fome ecclefiaftical beqefice or curacy of the like or greater value; fubjedl neverthelefs to fufpenfion or depri- Subject to fuf-vation of the archbifhop or bifhop of the diocefs wherein Pc.nfio? °f d*. he or they fhall dwell or refide, in like manner as any of the Privatl011, inferior clergy of this kingdom are fubjeft to: the laid fum of thirty pounds to be levied on the inhabitants of fuch' Saidjol t* county, or counties of cities or towns, where fuch convert- be levied as cd prieft or priefis did laft refide, in like manner as money herci#. is levied^ that is charged by grand-juries, upon the faid counties, or counties of cities or towns, and to be paid hint or them by equal parts; that is to fay, one moiety at the feaft of the annunciation of the blefled virgin Mary, and the other moiety at the feall of St. Michael the archangel ;u every year ; and every fuch convert or converts fhall,, sucj, converts and he and they are hereby required, under penalty of for- torcadpublicklv feiting his or their allowance or allowances as aforefaid,the htyigy, and publickly to read the common prayer or liturgy of t* * ^re dTcd*^^

Vol, IL	L	1	church	* C

Digitized by

Popift pricft keeping porift curate or aflift-ant, both pro'c-cuted as popifh regulars.



Tbttyhtf, Kifr of Attn*. dltttfh* of te&md, afcd ptafclf c*W<* a1 J# tfe KejgBflf otr Prilh tdngtie; frf fiich rilabtff, and' af futh trtAc% tf* th¥ faid aVchbifliopfe or BflmofW flfcftl5 difoft or apftofeftt.

XIX.	Attd bb Hf fotfhdr eifaSfet! by the authority

fa&7, TKtfP ifer £bjfWh	prifeft* ftftfll fcdep of1 lUfoe inyf

p^|Wb tfrfof*,* afRffarff,- 6r (foiMJtifot, arte* difcf pcfriftf pri(*ff that Hraff l&efcp «frty futh popiflf cdtafif,- ££&-* tfnf, of coflfcfoitb?,- (hfff Idffc tflte betoefif of havklg li?Ai gift fried,- arm! ftfcdl 'inc\jf and foffor ill fHfe jraiits aiftf penfek fieS of a?	reefer# aiffl (half be* pftfecoted a* fiicb?

and that every fuch popifh curate, afliftant, o¥ c6&SfrH foiS fhaTf Ke cfeVftrd arid fcrfcerir ah a po^ifli fcgtkhtr, and ffiaril. Be prpfecbted arrid proceeded ag^inlt accbn^rigfy.

XX.	Arid whdrras nY a Pafliarhfcnt HoMett m tH^ ninth

yeah- of tftb feign of bur Sovereign lord Kmg WftSaffl tJW third of gftfrious irtdrtlory, the ftatnte hereafter AiehtfoAerf wrls einfted ; that fa to fry. An ati for bcntijbirtg allfafijh exercifing t^tleju jlicirt jtrifji&ioi, and all tegular s of thi fmpjjb clergy* out of this khtgd&ni\ which && for Wtfa't 0# erictyurjgcment to drfeorerery, hath proved fo a great me** fore iriciTechml; arid therefore for the btittf putting th* fefrff, and this ^ttfertt a6t, and thb afcftfcrtientloneft- ftatute Reward for hi execution, Be it farther ehdfted by thb authority afoftf-difeovering and faid, That rf ariy perfori after the firft d&f of S*pieaibtf COniS^clcr (^re tifoufand feten htmdfed ririd nine fftofi difcoWr a»y F0^1	^87*	^rcbbifhojy,	bi:hop,	vicaf-gCrienll,	dean,	jefait,	monk, ftytrf

or any other regular popifn clergyman, or iny papift eiev* cifiiig any eccleitafltcal jurifdibtion, or any fccul^ £o$ifc clefgyrhrm wl»o hath not been legally h gifttred^ 6r t&f pbpifb fcHdcft-ibaftef, or any papill, teaching or iiiftfd&ift^ youth in private houfes as tutor or as ufher, dr effirtslnt to any protellant fchool-maftcr, fo zi the tla4 i^gtilar or fteuBir clcrg}”Tian or popilh fchooinnaflef, W-tor, Or uilier, under-maitcr, or aHiftant to any ^inoleftM fchooi-thafter, be apprehended rind legally contib&df et^ fy pdrfdri making fncii uilco^ery ihell receive a& A reward for the fame the feVcrsl films foUowing: that is to fcy, id. for every the fum of fifty pounds fterl. for every arehbifhop, bifhof, archbidiop, &c v?caf-gcher^l, or other {Jfffori, cxercifiilg any foreign eerf^-•mKeuilar^ig^ ^ia^ca^ jtirifdibtion in this kingdom; and the fuih of regiAcred :	twenty pounds fieri, for each regular clergyman and each

feenfar rfergyfnkn, not regiftered purfnant fo the faid for-id. for fchool- rfier aA ; knd thb fnm of ten pounds fieri, for each popifh afterf> ** lc^bol-maftcr, tutbr, ufher, under-rhafter, or affiftant, to be Jt-tycd on the popifh inhabitants of the county, or county of the city or town, where fuch regular err feeular popilh clergyman did refpecftively exercife fuch foreign jurifdidtion, or officiate a$ a popifh prieft, and where fuch popifh fchool-faafter, tiitor, ufher, rnider-foafttr, or afSftant, taught of

* inftrwftui

Digitized by v^ooQle

The eighth Tear of Anne.	531

inftru&ed youth, or did moil commonly refidc, and (hall A. D. be convidted thereof as aforefaid; the faftie to be Tcvyed in 1709. fuch manner, and on iuch perfons, as money for robberies Chap. '3. by a late againft tones, robbers, and rapparees, is to be levyed, where the robbery or burglary is firefented by Levied on po-the grand-jury to be committed by papifts only ; and to be levyed in the county of Dublin, and county of the	money for	rob«»

city of Dublin, in fuch manner, and on fuch popifh per-	bery	by	9	JKtf.

fons, as other publick money is levyed, at the general	3-9.	T	*

Suarter-fcffions of the peace in the faid county or county f the faid city.

XXI. Repealed hy 21 & 22 G. 3. r. 24./ It.

XXII.	And be it further enadked by the authority Rc j^crc<j aforefaid, That all and every popifh pried and ^jriefts, who pricfts to take have been regiftered in purfuance of the faid former adf for oath of abjura-v regiftering the popifh clergy, fhall take the oath of abju- n°n before ration before the twenty filth day of March one thoufand — rc^ *7*1? feven hundred and ten in one of the Four-courts at Dublin, or at fome quarter-feffions to be held for the refpedfcivc counties, cities, or towns where fuch popifh pried or priefts have been rfgiftered ; and upon neglect or refufal, and or^ officiating after the faid twenty-fifth day of March celebrating mafs, or afterwards, in-officiating as a popifh pried, fuch popifh pried mail incur cur penalties of and fuffer fuch pains, penalties, and forfeitures, as a popifh ^ulan regular clergyman cofivift by the laws and datqtes of this * realm is liable unto.

XXIII.	And for afmuch as many Irifh papids in this kingdom at the time when the pretended Fridce of Wales, taking upon himfelf the dile and title of king of England by the name of James the third, did attempt to invade her Majedy’s dominions in the north 0art of Great Britain with a French power, did refufe to give their excellencies the then lords judices and chief governors of this kingdom tedimony and aduranee of their fidelity and loyalty to her Majedy, and of their affedlion to her government and the protedant fucceffion as by law edablifhed, by taking and fubferibing the oath of abjuration as the fame is appointed to be taken by an adt of Parliament in England,' intituled, An ait to declare the alterations in the oath r jfmne 22. appointed to be taken by an ait, intituled, An aft for the JUt. 1. Eng. further Jecurity of her Majcfty's perjon, and the fucceffion of the crown in the proteftant line, and for extinguijhing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and all other pretenders and tbeir open and fecret abettors, and for declaring the ajfociation to he determined: be it further enadted by the Tvrojufttces authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful to and may fummon

for any two or moie judices of the peace within any coun- Jri)'man . J ^ r v	rr	fixteen to appear

ty, or county 01 a city, or county of a town in this king- ana take the oa&

dom, by warrant or warrants under their and every of of abjuration

J-l 3	their

Digitized by

Tkt eighth Tear of Anne, their hand* and feals dire&ed to any flierifF, con f! able, or other officer, to fummon any man of the age of fixteen years or upwards to appear before fuch juftices, and take and fubfcribe the oafh of abjuration before mentioned; On refilling to and if the faid perfon fo furarooned (hall negle& or refufe JKidoath, *° aPP«ar ("f havinS We lawful impediment) or appear to he committed mg ffiall refute to take and fubfcribe the fatd oath, being three month?,	tendered to him by the faid juftices, then it (hall and may be

Sic or pay.not	lawful for fuch juftices of the peace to commit fuch perfon

aove 4cs. tot *c t^e cominoa gaol or hpufe of corre&ion for the *	9	fyacc of three months, or until he (hall tajtc the faid oath,

there to remain without bail or mainprize, unlefs the faid offender (hall pay down to the juftices a fum not exceeding forty (hillings jt:rl:r.;r, as the faid juftices (hall require (which money (hall be paid to the church-wardens or over* feers of the poor of fuch parifh or place where fuch offen-•nd incapable der (hall inhabit or refide; and (ball be for ever incapable to have arms,	pf obtaining or having any Ucenfe to carry, have, or keep

licence void:	any anTls> and fuch licenfe (if obtained) is hereby declar-

ed to be pull and void to all intents and purposes; and .	from and after the fpace of three months after fuch de-

fault or refufal it (hall and may be lawful for two or more fuch juftices as aforefaid to dire& their warrant or warrants as aforefaid to fummon fuch offender to appear before thcip on refufal after to t?)ce fubfcribe the faiji oath 5 and if the (aid offen-fjirther fum- der (hall negiedf of refufe to appear accordingly, or (hall appear, and upon tender of the faid oath refufe to take and fubfcribe the fame, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid juftices of the peace to commit the faid offen-above' 10/ nor fler to gaol for the fpace of fix months, unlefs the (aid under $/. to the offender (hall pay down a fum pf money not exceeding ten pounds, por under five pounds, as the faid juftices (ball require, to be difpofed of to the relief of the poor as and give fe- aforefaid, and the offender to be bound with two fufficient curity to appear furetics, with condition to appear at the next affizes or next affiles (or general gaol. delivery for the county wherein fuch offender

yw°i113 ^ 1a r (hall inhabit or refide, or at the general quarter-feffions of Xiublm) and for ,	*.	,	f	^	ri

good Ldiav*our, peace m the county 01 Dublin, and county of the city

* of Dublin, if lie (hall be an inhabitant of the faid county or county of the faid city, and in the mean time to be of tbc good behaviour ; at which affizes or general gaol delivery, or general quarter-feffions of the peace, the faid oath (hall be tendered to the faid offender by the juftices of af-fize in their open affizes, or by the juftices of peace at their general quarter-feffions in the faid county of Dublin, and county of the city of Dublin ; and if the offender a (ball refufe to take and fubfcribe the faid oath, he (hall incur the penalties of premunire, as be and are expreft in the itatute made in the fixteenth year of the reign of Richapd the fecond.

1	XXIV.	Pro-

mom, to be cpmmittcd fix months, unlefs he pays not

and then on refufal, incur premunire 16 X. a.

Digitized by.

.Google

?he eighth Tear of Anne.	*

XXIV.	Provided always. That whereas there are certain A. D« proteftant diflenters called Quakers, who fcruple the taking 170^. any oath, any fuch Quaker producing a certificate under Chap. 3. the hands and feals of fix or more ciedible men of their v—— fociety, owning him to be one of them, and two of the Quaker cx-fubferibers appearing with the perfon, for whom they certifie,	a*

before any jullice or magiftrate who (hall require the fame, and he making and fubferibing the following declaration,

(hall be exempted from the feveral fines and penalties mentioned in this faid a6L

I A. B. do folemnly and fincerely profefs, tefilfy, and de-	13	G.	2.	6.

dare. That I do believe that in the Jucrament of the Lord's- Quaker* declae Supper there is not any tranfubjiarftiaticn of the elements of ration.

• bread and ovine into the body and blood of Chrijl, at or after the conjecration thereof, by arty perfon whatfoever; and that the in vocation and adoration of the Virgin Maty, or any other faint, and the facrifce of the mafs, as they are new uj'ed in the church of Rome, are fuperfiitious and idolatrous. And 1 do folemnly frofefs, teftify, and declare, that I do make this declaration, and every part thereof, in the plain and ordinary	^

fenfe of the words read unto me, as they are commonly underfood by Proteflants, without any evafion, equivocation, tr mental refervation whatfoever, and without any difpenfation already granted me for this purpofe by the Pope, or any other authority or perfon whatfoever, or without any hope of any difpenfation from any perfon or authority whatfoever, or without believing that 1 am or can be acquitted or abfolved of this declaration, or any part thereof, although the Pope, cr any other perfon or.perjons, or power what foever, Jhould dtjpenfe with or annul the fame, or declare that it was null and void from the beginning.

. 1 A. B. do folemnly andfincerely acknowledge, tefiify, and declare, That our Sovereign Lady Queen Anne is lawful and rightful Queen of this realm, and of all other her Majefie's dominions and countries thereunto belonging. And 1 do folemnly and fincerely declare, that 1 do believe in my confidence, that the ferjon pretended to be prime of IVales during the life of the late A mg fames, andftnee bis deceaje pretending to be, and t/iking on himfelf, the fyle and title of King of England, by the name of fames the third, bath not any right or t\tle whatjoevir to the crown of this realm, or any other the dominions thereunto belonging : and I do renounce and refufe any allegiance or obedience to him. And that I will bear faith and true allegiance to her Majefly Queen Anne ; and her will defend to the utmofi of my power again]} ail traitorous confpiracies and attempts whaijo-ever, which Jhall be made again]} her perfon, crown, or dignity. And I will do my btft endeavour to difclofe and make known to her Majefty, and her J'ucceJj'ors, all treafens and

traitorous

Digitized by CjOOQle

534	The eighth Tear of Ahne.

A. D. traitorous coifiiracies, which IJballknow'to bedgahft Iflr, or I709.	any of them. And Ido faithfully promife to ibeutmeft ef My

Chap. 3. power to fupport, maintain> and defend the limitation andfise-ceffton of the crown, again]} him the /aid fames, and ail. other ppjons whatfoever, as the fame is and floods limited By dn a8, intituled, An aft declaring the rights and liberties of the fubjeft, and fettling the fucceflion of the crown.to h^r prefent Majefty and the heirs of her bodybeirtgproteftspits: mand as the fame hy one other ad, intituled. An aft for the farther limitation of the crown, and better fecuring the rights and liberties of the fubjeft, is andftands limited, after the feceafe of her Majefty, and for default of fucb iflite of her Majefty, to the princefs Sophia, tledorefs and dutchefs dowager pf Hanover, and the heirs cf her body, being prote/iants• And all theft things I do plainly and fincerety acknowledge according to theft exprefs words by me fioken, and according to tbe ftlasn and common fenfe and under] anding of the fame words, without assy equivocation, mental evafon, or fccret refrvation whatfoever, And I do make this recognition, acknowledgment, renunciation, and promife, heartily, willingly, and truly.

^tXV. And whereas Vy an aft *patl in the fecond year of the reign of her prefent Majefty, intituled. An At7 fir regiftring the popijh clergy of this kingdom^ it is enafted, u That every popifh prieft in thiB kingdom (hall return his " and their names and places of abode to the refpeftirc u clerks of the peace m the feveral counties where fuch “.popifh prieft fhall dwell or refide, and give fufficient “ fureties not to remove out of fuch county where his or “ their place or places of abode do lie and whereas in contempt of the fame it is notorious, that feveral of the faid popifh priefts fo regiftred have removed to othercoun-ties, and officiated as popifh priefts in other parifhes than where they were regiftred, and aifo the Furfties taken be-* fore the clerks bf the peace were either infuffident at the time of the taking thereof, or are become fo, or ^tre finCe dead ; and that popifh priefts meet in'great numbers at bu-’ rials and on other occafions, where they have great opportunity to form deftgns ngaiitft the publick peace ; ^aftd alio ■ ati^her times meeting in great mimbefs, have conferred popifh holy orders on popifh priefts, who were not ' popifh priefts'at the time of the rtgiftring ihe ptfpifli clergy of this kingdbm, which they’ perform bylayingon of the ' hands of many of the faid popifh priefts together, to the intent that the "pairty himfelf fo recemng the faid holy orders may not know in whom the power of conferring fuch popifh holy orders was lodged: for the more‘ effectual preventing the mifehiefs afdrefaid, be it‘enafted by the authority afore-£aid, That from andf after the firft "dayof September one 1	thouftad

2 Ameq.

Evafiona

thereof.

\

Digitized by v^ooQle

fwr APPC-	536

pij£, ^ip{p^>^ifh pyieff ;what(p- A* P-

Pf^ffr jfl»U cjgieiate tor qa<ftsife p&qe pr -ftin^ion pf a ,1 JO'). ,P#prfh JHci# in ^r\y jwjiji <wij&in .-anypcpHUy in thjs Ling- Chap. 3. dsw, ibMt in,the parito .where -the J&\d gppj&,pr/eft jhfl yf-iftOABte *t*the tijnepf	<&rgy	of	th*3	;Nopop|(h

♦kingdom, *pn for ^bfcb pwi(h*l(o .fee js&as ^iJImcI, .#^ad ^eptLa^he^ *i«;i»o other parish -whatipeyer* pj^r ^tljc	penalties,	pjruiiior

forfeit urea *rs aj%y ^pppifli *qgul$r p^av^l js -ji^c.puto rcg*h it.«l ;	,

Jjyttfce law* .and. f&tul^of t&s r<t4& ; j*ny . thing iji ii^c ti^“^errcl’c^al“ •faW *& f*r rigtfrtfig ike.fflsjh >Lrjy jn .*< ; <Vj, , pr ^y^**”* jariy.jatUfr ,affc to t^e co^tisixy in jaj>y wjf^o^vi^Ub^Kiin^.

;X*XiVI. JU\d whersas by $n .a& pftJkjii^eut p^jp .this,kingdom in tbe:fi*tji year uaf reign of htr.pryftjjt fM^flfty,.it is.^^d, “ /(^W^if i«oy popifh .prbft diaJl 6^w |6.

, after the* time ^efeinre^preJG[od, vocl^b^ate matrimony be- t*cit?d.

•	“ tween any -perform, Lnqwingrat, the time cf, ft: chi marriage	•	rr°ft-

«; they. «r. either.*f tfcpjn i» tf-the pwteftwt, region ; that • “g cumrwy 7* “ r every fuch popiih pri$ft;(o offending* v and being thereof clitfeto, Ac-& •4i fearfully. cgnvjdted, ihfill be deeoapd, judged, and reputed haem, '“ztobea popiih regular pfergypaan.” ,Nqw to. the cikI

•	tbat: no-popiih prieft tnay pretend tbat he:4id,$ot kntyv.citligr .of tbe parties, at any tyrne fo ip^ricd by. him, to be of the .proieftant religion, be it ^ na^lod by, the, authority afurefajd.

That if any pppjfli prieft fti.allj after the fftft day pf .S^ptqip-.ber ,onp thoufaod: feven hundred and nine^be pivftcuud for offending contrary to the faid iiatute, and that it dotJi appear . tbat ,tbe faid perfous fo manned, .or.any one of them,

.was or. were a proteftant ror protdUnts at tbe time of the ^marriage; it faall.be pt^fupiedj»«rfl9w?d, .and conclade J to

•	all intents and purposes, that,the (aid popiih prLll fo.ac-.cufeddid celebpte matrjm^ny, between the, laid perfume,

;knowing ,at the time oft fuch^warriage J^iat tj^ey . or o»ie ^f . thjem were of the proteflant religion, _ urdefa the faid popiih ,prieft ihfdl produce.stnd ppoye.a .certift^te pr certnicatfa .under the hand and ftal, pr- hjujds.andft$;als, .of ,the.mini%r ,or minifters of the parifh or paj>ft>te3, ,\vhpire tl^e parties jo

•	m-arned did at the time of .the .-faid marriage, refpedivt]y . inhabit .or refide,. certifying, that the iaid perlon or peifou3 r were. not pi the proteftant c?hgh>n»at4the. time of ^he.c<^e-, hKttjon of the faid marriage.

.XXYII., And»wfeer?w,ibe feid. a£i to.preufttt tbe further , gro wth of ptpery, and ieyei^other^ft oftParJiamen^ luyc been..moft notoriquOy.eluded by ficA'efal.papit^3 ^Qd others in

•	truft for tbem, who h^ve p^rp^a^d/eye^al, lands, tenements,

*and heredit?.nmnts, ^ndjt^Lei) leafts, contrary *t9 ths trpe ia-: tent and.meaning of the foidua&; ^fidhayc.alfo taken col-:lateral.and other ftqpritje^by HV°Ttg^s>

ilhtutes, to cow, ftipport,v apd fe^pre iluch their pafcbalVs and lcafcs: for remedy whereof, and for thq^l^r

Digitized by ftjOOQle

53$	eighth Ylar of Anne.

A. D. the execution of the faid ads, be it further ena&ed 2nd dr-1709. clared by the authority aforefaid, That all collateral and Chap. 3. other fecurities by mortgages, judgments, ftatutea-merchant, *—or of the ftaple, or otherwife howfoever, which hare beca All feeuritie* ma(jc or entred into, or hereafter (hall be made or entred jud^ncn^^. *nto» to covcr* fupport, fecure, or make good any bargain, to cover a leafe falc, confirmation, releafe, feoffment, leafe, or other Conor conveyance to veyance, contrary to the faid recited ad, (hall be and are hereby declared null and void, and of no effcd to fuch per-void as to fuch ^on or P*1^0118 fo purchafing any of the (aid lands or tene-papifl, or pur- ments in truft for or for the benefit of any papifl or perfon chafer in tiuft profelling the popifh religion, as likcwife to any fuch papifl for him * 0r pCrfon> his, her, or their heirs and alfigns refpedively 2 and the lasdi, and that all fuch lands, tenements, and hereditaments fo and fuch f«un- conveyed or leafed, or to be conveyed or leafed, to any papifl fucd fc^by any or P*1^011 profiling the popifh religion, or to the ufe of or proteftant in law fn truft of any papifl or perfon profeffing the popifh religion, ok equity, Ac. contrary to the tme intent and meaning of the faid ads;

and all fuch collateral fecurities as are or (hall be made or entred into, to cover, fupport, fecure, or make good the fame, (hall and may be fued for by any proteflant or protef-tants, by his, or her, or their proper adion, real, perfonal, or mixt, founded on this ad, in any of her Majefty's courts of law, or in any court of equity, if the nature of the cafe who on proof ffiall require it; and the plaintiff or demandant in fuch fuit, did^ uncTudVeiV uPon	^at purchafe or leafe was made in	truft

ment or decree f°r any PaP^ or perfon profeffing the popifh religion, or Ac.	under any confhlence to or for any papiil or fuch perfon

profeffing the popifh religion, or for his, her, or their benefit o» advantage, by receiving the rents, iffues, or profits thereof, or otherwife, fhall obtain a verdid and judgment, or a decree thereupon, and fhall recover the fame, and have execution to be put into the feizin and poffeffion thereof, to hold and enjoy fuch lands, tenements, and hereditaments, according to the eflate, ufe, truft, intereft, or confidence, which fuch papifl or perfon profeffing the popifh religion, had or ftiould have had therein, had he, fhe, or they, been qualified to purchafe, hold, or enjoy the fame ; fubjed neverthelefs to all fuch rents, covenants, and conditions, refervations, and all incumbrances, and portions whatfoever, as the fame would have been fubjed to in the hands of fuch papifl, or in the hands of fuch perfon to whom the fame were fold or leafed in truft for fuch papiil or perfon profeffing the popifh religion, or to his, her, or their ufe, bene-*nd h«ye full • fit, cr behoof, and fhall alfo have the full benefit of all fuch fccurhies! ^ ^ collateral fecurities, as the party or parties, to whom the cun Cs’ fame arc or fhall be made, might have had, if this or the faid former ad to prevent the further growth of popery had not been made*

XXVIII.	Pm*

\

Digitized by t^ooQie

i

The eighth Tear of Anne,

XXVIII. Provided neyerthelefs, and be it enabled bj the authority aforefaid, That every papift, and perfoa and perfons profeffing the popilh religion, who have in their own names, or in the name of any other perfon or perfons whatfoever, or any in trull for them, purchafed any lands in fee-fimple, or any leafes for years or lives, or other eflate or intereft, other than fuch lands, tenements, and hereditaments, as were once veiled in the late trullees for the lale of forfeited ellates in Ireland in pofleffion, reverlion, or remainder, and which were afterwards divelled out of them the faid trullees, and veiled in other perfons, by any private a£l of Parliament in England, or Great-Britain ; or who • have lent any money on mortgages, or purchafed in any mortgages in the name of any perfon or perfons in trull for them, other than mortgages of fuch lands, tenements, and hereditaments, as were once veiled in the late trullees for the Tale of forfeited ellates in Ireland in poffeffion, reverlion, or remainder, and which were afterwards divelled out of them ' the faid trullees, and veiled in other perfons, by any private ad of Parliament in England or Great-Britain, and have or lhall hereafter on or before the twenty fifth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and nine become a proteflant, and enroll a certificate of the bilhop of the dio-cefs, in which he, Ihe, or they refpe&ively inhabit or re-fide, in the high court of Chancery. in Ireland, tellifying his, her, or their being a protellaiit or protellants, and conforming him, her, or themfelves to the church of Ireland as by law ellablilhed, and lhall alfo receive the lacramcnt of the Lord’s Supper according to the ufage of the faid church of Ireland, and make and fubfcribe the declaration, and (hall alfo take and fubfcribe the oath of abjuration, in fuch manner as is mentioned and exprefied in the faid a£l to pro-•vent the further growth of fcpery; and lhall alfo caufe his, her, or their child or children under the age of fourteen years, from the time of fuch his, her, or their converfion, to be educated in the protellant religion as by law ellablilhed ; the purchafe and purchafes, mortgage and mortgages, confirmation and confirmations, leafe and leafes, and all other covenants and agreements made to or by any fuch papill or perfon profeffing the popilh religion, or by or to any in trull for him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their ufe, other than as before excepted, lhall be as good and ef-fedlual in law and equity, as if he, Ihe, or they had been a protellant or protellants at the time of fuch purchafe, mortgage, confirmation, leafe, covenant, or agreement fo acquired, and made, and not otherwife, to hold and enjoy • luch lands, tenements, and hereditaments fo purchafed, mortgaged, confirmed, or leafed in fuch and for fuch

• eftate

Pur chafer*, by papilla except of lands once veiled in trullees for forfeited ellates

who became protellants 15th Dec. 1709, in-rolled, certificate, &c. and educate children under 14 protellants.

fuch pur-chafes, \$l. as eood as if they bad been protef-tants.

Digitized by v^ooQle

fSlr </^lbtbtKnirttf' AlW*

A. I>1 «fUie4is%i, 1h«, <* 4l*y«ughtd»ve tbni-ff tltti*jralte£ iydg» teilt'm-rpmtdfhaniB.

«Cbap. *3. SCXtX. #rcmdcd"thatiHDthing ^lewiu, tmr jw&Bffifcfimc X—~	Oft p<& 4n<tfaife>ku^jiarr\, soMtainad, fofcll ractcnd^r i* .-«*»-

towtju- ftn*d f to **4k«n*oy*fiate, /Tight, tifle, oori»t«fl(df;fW0r y^ttito^ichafer f»r flttluabhr confidemtacfi ImmywA panauiera.	.pc^foa^	*thoihsd	pyawbifdl tin tsuU fcr/anyjp&pil, or

'from -any *prmdb«t jicrrrixtg jwaitr liiech rputthafer, Itavmg 'Attlee *4f:frtth Urilft,; -any ithtag itn ibis :Or tfr Mrc recited 4&: to :tke xcutoccy in iwrrf wmfc Mtorttb-

feuatfiog.

Bills for diico- 1KXX. ’Provided *affo, sadl xftr :lhe better Jjfaprcry of ▼err of fitch	trtfts-for	paptfU,	-or^perfiais	q>r#fcffing	^Ae	popifh	«•*»

*"“?» **• “ *tno«n, Jbc ittfartber usisttcd Ay tike jouikartiy -*We&4, ^	TFhatitfedl^md	soaydie	dastfclthw	owy poateftaat orqsn>-

**&*»*# to y*4fcr one • ar oaaeerbfll sorbslkan ;hcr Afajeftyfr Aigh ceftrt 'df'Chancery, jot JCbantetyoef ifce 'Ogamft -ewy perfon orpcifoaa .eoatmd in ^mckialc, rfeafc, Inortgaige, opingtabrance, janriugaigfttMl rpesfanstyriry:tp -fath trtift or e«»Qde*cecfbr t^Mxmcpa&vts pro&fiog» Ac 'pOpifh* religions ifordasd, land to tsoapcMubh :p«fon-or ‘•pttfoiisto -difoovtnafld 4tete&?fkch .’tgaftaraadcaafednpcwg, iorfd to-abfvrei< to-«dl 'inattaTOndoff owdliK	thenc-

‘tfnto, -asbyfufch b31 «rrbfcUsihall be required;* to win eh ^ttill or kill* *no pieaor vkmmver ffa&lb-httalWdl, Aut the ;4e-’fWcteftt tadl -afciWerthe - boneietdlerge jupan raath ; iwbwh Lttftfwer lhalfcbe good' evidence ^wbiftothe*idefcnda«t inoc-‘tions to' be -tmiwght upon this tad, us. in -fofch cafes are IlTuestiWbykfaal ; * arid that'till dffeurs,to.bei.tnediiii <aoy .n&ipnfor proteftantf. 'fuit founded *41 pan $hi&»4D&, fk*U be .tried cby -none bat 6	6.	ifcnown pret^lm*.

\X*XXl.^A«d ‘whereas ibyum&ofi c^fwFinbamcst^nade in ’the nin^h j%ar ofahetcign of. bis late Wo^y/i&og^WiUiain 9 WIL 3. x. * of; gloriows^Kamin^,-intituled, .tAn •**& frr 'skmtjfring dll **Gm im	'"PPpi/* txercifing *iy*c4icji*jbaii FiK^iuMv,.xwid,mdl regulars

*cf tke *pbpfjb cietgy 1 mt rf^tbis	?it	.iis	^	cnafte^,

w %i That ail '^popifli ^accbbtflipps, phiAaps, vicorvgcoiLTsI, “* deww,Aj«lbit8,aaioaks^ feyare,cundrtoll,otWf»g«d0r.^¥i^ ^ clergy, Maud all papifci moving ecciaiiadjcal jtirttitaioi],

'%t' (hoold departout of.itbis kingdomAsrfore dbeoixrll .day ef

*	«<r'May,* whiobAvas in the -year tof ourJLurd.ooe ^Hmfeod

*	4irf hoftdrtd twiety weight ^uwib*i£«s^.®f ?tbe>feicL ecele-"“ ftSftioal l^dbnoIbMdclbe nt ^oy tanerafeei ibcjaid bill ' “ 'day-bf*'b€ay owitbin tbis.tkbgdmD, >th«y -lOnd^ery of “<c tbem^ibouid' -fuiferuaepnfemmeiit,^and,■ rcraaan'in pnfen v<< i>ttiBhOUtUMui oi5niampme,> tilLheror tfeydhcjdttld Aetrao-"f<* fpWt^d bey%*d^fea»;«ut ®f-ber rAtajcAy’stdominioJv,

1 ‘^ wWtbekkis nfcca Majtti y^ihisiieirs or.. kcceSors, or.de ^-cbief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time

“ being,

Digitized by ^ooQle

TBt eighth 'Tear of Anne.

** bein£, fhoiild think ft:*' and -Whereas it is further eh-



m6led by the laid flatute, 44 That from and after the mtde 44 and twentieth day of December, which was in the year 44 of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred ninety and*fevdn,	-

4< ho popifh arch^bifhop, bifhop, vicar-general, dean, or 3*

“ any other ]*apift exercifing any eccIefialHcal jurifdfdidn 44 not eftabhfhed by the laws of the kingdom, jefuit or 44 fryar, ihall come into the kingdom from any part 'beyond 44 the feds, on pain of twelve months impnfonment, and 44 then to be ttanfported in manner aforefaidand-wheWas by one other ad. made in the fecond yearof her Majefty*s 2 J**H* reign, intituled, An Aft to- prevent popijb-priijts from earning f* into this kingdom, it is eftaded, 44 That every clergyman of “ the popifh religion that fhall come into this "kragdota'kt “ any time -after the firfl day of January, in the year hi 44 our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and three, fhallbe “ and is thereby declared to be liable to fuch penalties,

44 forfeitures, and punifhments, as by the faid ad fir 'h*-M nijhing all papifts txercifing any eccUjUtftical jurifdiftion,

44 and all regulars of the popijb clergy out of this itftgJfa*,

M is impofed on popifh arch-bifhops, brfhops, vicars-genertd,

“ deans, jefoits, fryars, or any other papifts exercifbig ally 44 ecclefiaftieal jurifdidion, -who fhall come into this krug-“ dom contrary to the faid adand whereas byxflle • Other ad made in the faid fecond year of her Majefly^s reign,	i A***7-

intituled, An Aft for the regiftefing the popijb clergy, it is St ft. *• enaded, 44 That all and every popifh priefi or priefts, ‘who 44 fhall not make fuch return, and enter into fuch recognir-44 lance,” as by the feid ftatute isdrreded, 44 and be thereof 14 convid at the aflizes or general qaarter-fefiioms of foih 44 county or counties of cities or towns, wherein he or they 44 fhall dwell or be apprehended, fhall Severally be com-44 knitted to the common gaol of the refpedive counties,

44 cities, or towns, where he or they fhall be fo convid,

44 there to remain without bail or mainprize till he or they

44 be transported ; and that all and every fuch popifh prifcfl

44 or prieits, fo convid as aforefaid, fhall be tranfported dit

44 of this kingdom in like manner as popifh regulars,* aid

44 that all and every fuch popifh priefi or priefts that fflridl

44 negled to regifler him or themfeives,” as by the ftsd

ftatute is direded, 44 and fhall remain in this kingdom afttr

44 the twentieth day of July, in the year of our Lord die

44 thoufand feven hundred and four, fhall be efteemed* a

44 popifh regular clergyman, and profecuted as fuch afcd

whereas by one other ad made in the fixth year of her 6 Aau i%.

Majefly*s reign, intituled, An Aft fir the effectual preventing Sift. 6.

the taking away and marrying children agahtft the Wrllsof

their parents or guardians, it is eriadtd, 44 That if any poptfh

44~ priefts fhall after the firlt day cf November One thoufthd

44 feven

Digitized by ^.ooQle

54°

A. D.

*7°9-Chap. 3.

Popilh bilhofM, Vi. liable to trm importation, at herein.

Matters of (hips, Ac. may receive fuch po-pi(h regular, prieft, sod fchoolmafter, and tranfport them, Ac. as herein.

Penalty on eoUe&or 30L

The eighth Year of Anne.

M fevfcn hundred and (even prefume to celebrate the mar-u riage of any perfon contrary to the true intent and mean-u ing of the (aid ftatute, or (hall edebrate matrimony be-M tween any perfons, knowing that at the time fuch mar-t€ riage they or either of them is of the protedant religion; “ every fuch popifh pried fo offending, and being thereof “ lawfully convicted, (hall be deemed, adjudged, and re* “ puted to be a popilh regular, and (hall fuffer the pains, “ penalties and forfeitures of a popifh regular notwith-danding which (aid datutes, feveral of the (aid popifh arch-bifhops, bifhops, vicars-gencral, deans, jufuits, firyars, prieds, convid as aforefaid, and papids exercifing ecdeC-adical jurifdi£tion, dill remain in this kingdom, and chide to continue in gaol, rather than to procure them!elves to be tranfported, where they do ezercife their (aid pretended ecclefiadical jurifili&ion, and officiate as popifh prieds, and may continue fo to do: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That all and every popifh arch-bifhop, bifhop, vicar-general, dean, jefuit, fryar, and papid, exercifing ecclefiadical jurifdi&ion, and every popifh pried, popifh fchool-mader, and papids, who, by offending againd this or any former a&, are or (hall be liable to tranfporta-tion, (hall within three months be tranfmitted by order of the judices of affize, or by order of the juftices of the peace in their general quarter-feffions of the peace, to the common gaol of the next fea port town, where he, they, and every of them, (hall remain without bail or mainprize until tranfported.

XXXII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-laid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for all matters of (hips, merchants, and others, to take and receive the body of fuch popifh regular clergyman, fuch popifh pried, and popifh fchool-mader, fo now lying and remaining in gaol, and to be tranfported, or who may hereafter remain in gaol to be tranfported, and to tranfport the faid perfon ,or perfons beyond the feas out of her Majefty’s dominions of Great Britain and Ireland. And if any merchant freighting any (hip outward bound for any place or port, not within either of the kingdoms in Great .Britain or Ireland, fliall refofe to receive the body or bodies of fuch popifh regular clergyman, or popilh pried, or popifh fchool-mader, not exceeding five in any one (hip, when required fo to da by the chief magidrate or his deputy of fuch place or port, where any fuch popifh perfon aforefaid (hall remain in gaol, the collector and collectors, and other officer of her Majedy’s cudorns, are hereby required not to difeharge fuch (hip until fuch merchant fo freighting the fame, or fuch mader of a (hip, (hall confent fo to do, on pain that fuch collector fo difebarging fuch (hip (hall forfeit to her Ma-

1	Mr

Digitized by LjOOQle

Colle&or to

The figbtb Tfar of Ann*, jelly the film of thirty pounds fterling. And for an encouragement to the faid merchant or mailer of a (hip to receive and tranfport the faid perfon or perfbns, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid colle&or of fuch port or place to pay, and they are hereby required to pay, to the faid merchant or mailer pf a (hip the film pf five pounds fterling for1 the transportation of every fuch perfon to any part of the >Veft-Indies, not being fubjeft to herMajefty, and the fum ©f three poundsfterling for the tranfportation of every fuch perfon to any place or port in Europe, not being within her Majeily’s dominions ; the fame to be allowed the (aid allowed on collector on his accompts, on producing a receipt of the hisaccompu, o* faid merchant or mailer of a fhip acknowledging a receipt producing a roof the faid fum or fums, and alfo a receipt acknowledging	ate!

that he hath received the body of fuch popifh regular M herein. * clergyman, popifh priefl, or popjfh fchool-mafler; in which receipt (hall be expreft the name of fuch perfon fo to be transported, and the place where the faid perfon did lafl inhabit orrefide, and the time the faid perfon hath remained in gaol, and from what county-gaol he hath been tranfmitted £o the fai.d port or place; which receipts fhall be teilifyed J>y the chief magiftrate or his deputy of fuch port or place; and which receipt herein lail mentioned (hall bp enrolled in the crown-office of her Majeily’s court of chief place in Dublin without fee or reward, there to remain of record.

XXXIII. And be if: further enabled by the authority' Perfon* found aforefaid, That if any fuch popiffi regular clergyman,; po- out of cuftody pifh prieft, or popifh fchool-mafter, who (hall be found in °* fojd mafty, this kingdom out of the cullody of the faid merchant or . maftcr of a (Is ip fo receiving the faid perfon, he (hall be herein, deemed and taken to be, and fhall fuffer fuch pains, penal- 9^-3-ties, and forfeitures, as are infli&ed on ?ny popifh regular

a A*** 3,

clergyman, who hath been banifhed and returned again into Saidltnsdler,

this kingdom by the laws and ftatutes of this realm 5 and&c. to give re-the faid merchant, or mafter of a (hip, (hall at the time of cognizance of receiving the faid fum or films from the colleftor, and re-*0^10*™11^^* ceiving the body of fuch popifli regular clergyman* popifh. prieft, or pi>pi(li fchool-mauer, enter into a recognizance to herMajefty, her heirs and l’ucccflbrs, in the penalty of fifty pounds, to tranfport the faid popiffi perfon into fome place not within this kingdom, or the kingdom of Great B. itain, or the dominions thereunto belonging 5 which recognizance (hall be entred into by the faid merchant, or ^nailer of a fhip, at the time of the receipt of the refpec-tive fum or fums of five pounds and three pounds, before jhe chief magiftrate of the faid town, port, and place ; and the collector, by whom the faid fum (hall be paid, delivered by Snail produce and deliver the faid recognizance to the co^c<aP£

V	commiiSoncrs	conum®0,1«r*>

Digitized by

and retimed

office.

Vhe eighth Year of Anne. ’

•onuniffioaora of her Majeffcy V revenue, when ke fhall acr •Mint for the payment of the laid fura : which recognizance fhall by the (aid commifioner* be returned into the crown-office of her MajeftyV chief place at fhibHii, for which no fee or reward (hall be paid.

XXXIV. and XXXV. Repealed&21 8c 22 G. 3. r. zx. fi 12.

XXXVL find be it farther enaded by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe the lord lieutenant, lords juftices.

If redelivered,

6d per night

luep! 017 c^tr^ governor or goveraours of this kingdom, fhaH foe caufc, or order any horfe or mare fo feized to be dcKvcrtd

inf.

No papift in trade (except hemp or flax

caufc, or order any J back to the owner, or perfon from whom any boric or mare was fo taken, that it ft)all and may be lawful for every pctfbu, having or keeping fuch horie or mare in his cuitody by vertue of the authority afarefaid, to keep or detain the fame until the owner, or perfon from whom the fame was taken, (hall pay the fam of fix pence for every night the laid perfon did keep any fuch horfe or mare by virtue of the authority aforefaid,

XXXVII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That no papifl or papifts, who are or fhall be

manuf»aurc)to P?™Httcd to foIlow an7 trade> craft* or myftery in this tike more then kingdom, fhall hereafter take or keep ipore than two ap-a apprentices, prentices at a time in any fach traae, craft, or myftery, netleT.* than for (CXCCp* the hempen or flaxen manufadure) and that for no 1 ye**». Ief8 a term of apprenticed ip than feven yeap$ j and that • whatever papifl fhall offend therein by keeping more tl^an two apprentices, or by taking or keeping apprentices for a Twjtf too), lefs te»m than feven years, fuch papift mall forfeit the fust to prosecutor, <j£ one hundred pounds for every fuch offence* to be recovered by fuch perfon who fhall fue for the fame, in fuch manner as the feveral forfeitures, exceeding the fum of ten pounds, herein before mentioned are to be req^ vered.

Nitti vrtn- XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enaded dice Henry Lut- by the authority aforefaid. That nothing in this ad con-ereUe eftmte •; tained, or in any other ad made in this kingdom fince the palling of an ad of Parliament in England, intituled. An aft Jor tie relief of colonel Henry Luttrel, *witb relation to the forfeited ef ates in Ireland, fhall prejudice, affed, defeat, or take away any eftate, right, title, or intereft in law or equity, which the faid Henry Luttrel, who is adjudged within the articles of Limerick, had or hath to or in tfie manor, caftie, town, and lands of Luttrelflown, and other lands, tenements, and hereditaments in this kingdom, the hi* letters pa- eftate of the family of the Luttrels ; which were by letters teats confirmed:	and for the confiderations in the faid ad and letters

patents mentioned, granted by his Majefty King WjUiam the third of glorious memory, to major Walter Detainer

and

Digitized by kjOOQle

Tim tigkth Yeotr of Aw*fc	54$

and ki» heir* ia> tsuft fife tbs fkidr Benny Liftrel aact U* A. IX Un > which letter* gates** are hereby confirmed*, aedthe 1709* f*id» Hknny LtAtofet fo htttefty rnetted* aod. mod* aaft do- Chapu 3*. okuiedr eapehlt* to difpofe •£, fettle* or dcdfe ootov**, leafe* ehaora*' <*r inaambe* the find laadfe tent-* ntoatog heredSteamnas, atd eftafcea* every or aay part thereat i£cuJ^Lr* ax** with or without tile fe»«fc W after Ddamexv ar Mi htfes* itt £kek manrie*, and to- fash ptrfoar ei petfiaa*,. at to him At find Heaiy Lnttitt it (bail finer fit and comment » wej tfciag, fit tbk ad, or in any the above raeatopctdi ads* can-tamed to Iks codtsary totwrtblfoaadrag : foiyfk nevcrtheitfi febjc&, toe. to allfoeh chkf-aeata* ovewtHrcnta* and other rents* ae ace ifimrtg or payable out of the premfiit* tor the Qven’t Majefty%

Aev. heirs and fucceffora* or to any otttr perfpa or perfoaui arhatfoave»i and feviug. tod referring to att and every pctfiwa or perfons* bodies politick or corporate* their bein* ems cutors, admin iftrators, or fucceffors, all fucli right, title, and intereft, charge, foctnnbrance, cfefcn, and demand what-foever in law or equity, which they, every or any of them, have in* to* or oat of the find premises, or any past thereof; excepting always out of this prorifoe all redories impropriate, with the tithes, oblations, obventions, advow-his of viemridgea, and ah other things tkereanto fevera5y and refpe&ivtly bdoagmg, which did at any time heretofore belong, or were reputed to belong, or appertain to, or were at any time enjoyed, ufed, or held, as part or pared of the find eftatc of the family of the Luttinek ; to all or any of which reworks, impropriate tythes, obfebom, obveatians, advowfoio of vicaridges, and all other things thereunto feveraUy and nefpe&ivdy belonging, the title of the laid Henry Luttrel is to (land, remain, and be of the feme* and no greater or other force, than as before the making of this acL

XXXIX. And whereas Oliver Martin of TuHiry in the Prorifofor county of Galway, efquire, was during the late rebellion of TniS**^11 in th;s kingdom a perfon, who behaved himfdf with great Galway, moderation, and was remarkably kind to numbers of pro* truant* in diitrefs, many of which he fupported ia his family, and by his charity and goodoefi faved their lives, and in great meaf&re preserved their effe&s : be it therefore provided and enaded by the authority afordaid, That the faid Oliver Martin may have, hold, and enjoy all hn eftate, right, title, and intereft in law or equity, to him and his heirs, which he and tk^y now have, or may have, by drfccr.t in this kingdom ; and he is hereby enabled and declared to be capable in every refped to have, hold, and joy the fame, and to difpdfe and fettle the feme on eldcft fan and the heirs nudes of the body of fuoh fun i which fettkincat and difpofition fe hereby declared

good

Digitized by uooQle

A. D.

7 be eighth Year of Anne, good and valid ; any thing in the aft to prevent the further growth of popery, or in this prefent aft, contained to the contrary notwithftanding: fubjeft neverthelefs to all fuch eftates, interefts, and demands, that all and every perfon or perfons, who now is or are, or hereafter (hall be, of the protcftant religion, have, or may have in reverfion, remainder, or otherwise, to the faid eftate of the faid Oliver Martin, or any part thereof; and fubjeft to all fuch chief-rents, quit-rents, and crown-rents, and other rents, as are iffuing and payable out of the premiffes to the Queen’s Majefty, her heirs and fucccffors ; and faring and referring to all and every perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, or fucccffors, all fuch right, title, and intereft, claim, and demand whatfoever 16 law or equity, which they or any of them have in, to, or o\it of the premiffes or any part thereof.

CHAP. IV.

Pofthumotts child may take remainder in a Settlement to firft, 13V. fon or daughter, tho’ no trnfteea to fbpport contingent remainders,

Am A3 to enable pofihumous Children to take Eftates, as if born in their Father's Life-time.

I

WHEREAS it often happens, that by marriage and other fettlements eftates are limitted in remainder, to the life of the Tons and daughters, the iffue of fuch marriage, with remainder over, without limitting an eftate to truftees to preferve the contingent remainders limitted to fuch fons and daughters; by which means fuch fons and daughters, if they happen to be born after the deceafe of their fathers, are in danger to be defeated of their remainder by the next in remainder after them, und left unprovided for by fuch fettlements, contrary to the intent of the parties that made thofe fettlements: for remedy whereof be it enacted by the Queen’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That where any eftate already is, or (hall hereafter, by any marriage or other fet-tlement be limitted in remainder to, or to the ufe of, the firft or other fon or fons of the body of any perfon lawfully begotten or to be begotten, with any remainder or remainders over to, or to the ufe of any other perfon or perfons, or limitted in remainder to, or to the ufe of any daughter or daughters lawfully begotten or to be begotten, with remainder or remainders to any other perfon or perfons, id ffjch cafe any fon or fons, or daughter or daughters, lawfully Pegotten or to be begotten, that (hall be born after the deceafe of his, her, or their father, (hall and may by vertue ef fuch fettlcment take fuch eftate fo limitted to th*

frft

£

Digitized by (^.ooQLe

Yhe eighth Year of Anne, fiijft and other fons, or to the daughter or daughters, in the fame manner as if fuch fonor fons, daughter of daughters, were bom in the life time of his, her, or their father, although there (hall happen no eftate to be limitted to truftees after the deceafe of the father to preferve the contingent remainder to fuch after-born fon or fons, daughter or daughters, until'he, (he, or they come in effy or be born to take the fame, any law or ufage to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

II.	Provided always. That nothing in this a£t fhall ex- But not to di-tend, or be conftrued to extend, to diveft any eftate in re-veft remainder tnainder, that by vertue of any marriage or other fettlement	^cpoi

is already come to the poffeffion of any perfon or perfons, or to whom any right is accrued, though not in a&ual .	.

pofTeflion, by reafon or means of any after-born fon or fons,	,	,

daughter or daughters, not happening to be born in the life time of his, her, or their father.

CHAR. V.

An A3 to prevent Delays of Proceedings at the Affixes and «	Sejfi<ms\	_

w

HE REAS it is experienced, That notwithftanding the ftatute made in the tenth and eleventh

years of King Charles thefirft, concerning the granting of writs of certiorari, to remove indictments of riots; forcible entry, aflault and battery, and other preferments and indictments out of the courts of the general aflizes or quar-ter-feffions of the peace, in the counties or places wherein fuch indictments have been found, and proceedings thereupon recorded in her Majefty's court of Queen’s-bench, divers turbulent, contentious, lewd, and evildifpofed per- .	'	•

fons, fearing to be defervedly punifhed where they and their offences are well known, have not only obtained writs of certiorari for removing fuch Indi&ments found againft them as aforefaid, but alfo indictments for fundry other trefpaffes, frauds, nufances, contempts and mifde-meanors, after iifue joined, and the profecutors attending with their council and witneffes to try the fame before the laid juftices of afilze and of the peace in their laid feflions, to the great difeoutagement of the profecutors, and pf . fuch conftables and other officers, as according to their duty prefent perfons for thofe and fuch like trepalles, offences and mffdemeanors : for remedy whereof, and that fuch offenders certiorari may be brought to condign puniihment, be it ena&ed by in term to be thf Queen's moft excellent Majefty, by and with the ad- granted out of vice and confent of the lords fpiritual and, temporal ahd commons in parliament affembled, and by the authority of	9

Vol. II.	Mm	the

Digitized by LjOOQle

The eighth Year cf Anne, fhe fame, Thit in term time no writ of certiorari whatsoever at the profecution of any party indi&ed be hereafter granted, awarded, or dire&ed, out of the faid court of Qufcen’s-bcnch, to remove any fuch indi&ment or prefent-ment of trefpafs or mifdemeanor before tryal had from before the (hid juflices in the (aid courts of general affixes or quarter feffions of the peace, unlefs fuch certiorari fhafl be granted or awarded upon motion of councel on affidavit, and by rule of court made for the granting thereof before the judge or judges of the faid oourt of Queen’s-bench fitting in open court; and that all the parties indi&ed, prosecuting fuch certioran before the allowance thereof, fhali •an ^ find two Sufficient manucafton, who fhali enter into a re?

cognizance before the juflices, to whom the fame fhali be ton to give sol. delivered, in the fum of twenty pounds, with condition at the return of fuch writ to appear and plead t;o the laid indi&ment or prefentment in the faid court of Queen’s-bench, and at his and their own coft and charges, to caufe and procure the iflue that fhali be joined upon the faid indictment or prefentment, or any plea relating thereunto, to be tryed at the next aflizes to be held for the county, wherein the laid indi&ment or prefentment was found, after fuch certiorari fhali be returnable, if not in the county of Pqb-lin and the county of the city of Dublin ; and if in the faid county or city, then to caufe or procure it to be tryed the next term after, wherein fuch certiorari fhali be granted, or at the fitting after the faid term, if the court of Queen V bench (hall not appoint any other time for the tryal thereof ; and if any other time fhali be appointed by the court, to give profe- then at fuch other time, and to give due notice of fuch tutor due notice tryal to the profecutor or his attorney in court, and that of tryal, life, tfie recognizance and recognizances, taken as afore-(aid, (hall be certified into the Said court of Quceu’s-bencfi with the laid certiorari and indi&ment, to be there filed, and the name of the profecutor (if he be the party grieved or injured) or fome publick officer, to be indorfed on the back of the faid indi&ment; and if the perfon profecuts on default, ing fuch certiorari, being the defendant, frail not before ccod€^ial>iy pf<>T altowanct thereof procure fuch man •captors to be bound 1	in a recognizance as afbrefaid, the juflices of the affize and

of the peace may and fhali proceed to tryaf of the faid in-di&meritp at the feffions, notwithflanding ftipfi writ of cor: tiorari fo delivered.

' Defendant on II. And be it further cna&ed by the authority afore? can vision to	faid. That if the defendant profepiting fuch writ of ccrti-

or art be convijft of the qifencc for which fie was indi&ed, that then the faid court of Queen’s-bench (hall give rea-, fonable cofU to the profecutor if he be tfie party grieved, pf fef f juftipc pf fhc p <$ce, paavor, jiailifF, confUblc, *	’	4	’	 k

and two fuf-

recognisancc, due.

if in co. or city of Dublin next term or fctting» after, or other time appointed,

pay cofb taxed,

Digitized by

Vbi eighth Tear of Anne.	547

headborough, tything-iqan, church-warden, or overfeer of A. D. the poor, or any other civil officer, who fhall profecute 1709, upon the account of any fad committed or done, that con- Chap. 5.

cerned him or them as officer or officers to profeoute pr pre- .....

fent ; which cods (hall be taxed according to the courle of

the faid court \ and that the profecutor for recoveiy of fuch on refufaj, an

coils fhall within ten days after demand made ot the der	ds10

fondant, and refufal of payment, on oath, have any at-	2c/*

tachment granted againft him the defendant by the faid:

court for iuch his contempt; and that the faid r-ecog-.

nizance fhall not be difeharged till th? pods fq ta*ed fhall

be paid.

III.	Provided always, and he it enaded by the autho- In vacation.

rity aforefaid, That in any of the vacations writs of rrr- certiorari may he tierart may be granted by any of the juftices of her Ma*	M

Jefly’s court of Queen's-bench, whofe names fhall be in-.

dorfed oq the faid writ, • upon affidavit of the truth of the fuggeftion for granting the fame 5 which fhall be filed in the faid court of Oucen’6-bcnch> and alfo the name of fuch perfon at whofe iniiance the fame is granted} au4 that the party or parties indited profeputing iuch certiorari (hall, before the allowance of fqch writ or writs of eerticrarif find fuch furetics in fuch fum, and with fuch conditions, as are before mentioned apdfpecified this pre-fent ad.

IV.	Provided always, and be it spaded by the authority On IndiAipeot aforefaid. That if any indidment or prefentrqent be again ft for not repairing any perfon or perfons for not repairing any high ways, ways or bridges caufe-ways, pavement, or bridges, and the right or title tq

repair the fame may come in queftion; upon fuch fuggefl* 4c. * '

tion, and affidavit made of the truth tliereof, a certiorari

tnay be granted to remove the (ante into the court of

Q^ieen Vbench; any laiy or ftatute to the contrary in any

Wile notwithftandiog : provided n$verthelefs. that the party

or parties proiecuting foqh certiorari fhall find two manu-

captor to be boqnd in a Fecogui^ance, with condition as

aforefaid.

V.	Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority Csnrinqaace

aforefaid. That this ad fhall continue and be in force for 7 years, &c. feven yea s, and from thence to the cud of the neat fcffiop PttfrUakij qf Parliament and no longer,	4

Mm* CHAP,

■A

*

Digitized by v^ooQle

No perfon (excq>t employed in and for the mint) (hall make or mend any puncheon, to (lamp Hold or filver current coin,

nor any tool, engine, or piefil for coinage.

SO# tight* Tear of Ann*.

CHAP. VI.

An A3 for the better preventing the counterfeiting the cm rent Coin of tbit Kingdom.

WHEREAS notwitbftanding the good laws ftiD in force again# the counterfeiting her Majefty’s coin, *nd other the coins made current in this her Majefty's kingdom #of Ireland by her Majefty’s royal proclamation; yet the faid offence doth and is like daily to increafe, to the manifeft wrong and injury both of her Majefty and all her Majefty’s loving fubjc&s ; being ^ery much occafioned for . want of a due and condign punifhment to be infli&ed on fuch artificers and others, who without any lawful authority do make or ufe puncheons, (tamps,- dyes, and other engines and inftruments, which are commonly ufed, or may be made ufe of, in or about the coining of money: for re-ftrefs of which fo great and growing a mi (chief, be it en-^fted by the Queen’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lord’s fpintual and temporal and commons in Parliament affcmbled, and by the authority of the fame, that from and after the firft day of November next no fmith, engraver, founder, or other perfon or. perfons whatfoever, other than and except the perfons employed, or hereafter to be employed in or for her Majefty’s mint or mints within this kingdom of Ireland, and for the ufe and Service of the mints only, (hall knowingly make or mend, or begin or proceed to make or mend, or af-fift in the making or mending of any puncheon, counter-puncheon, matrix, (lamp, dyes, pattern, or mquld of fteel, iron, filver, or other metal .or metals, or of fpaud, or fine founders earth, or fand, or of any other materials whatfoever, in or upon which there (hall be or be made or im-preffed, or which (hall make or imprefs, the figure, (lamp, refemblance or fimilitude of both or either of the fides or flats of any gold or filver coin, now or hereafter current \yithin this kingdom; nor (hall knowingly make or mend, or proceed to make or mend, or affill in the making or mending of any edger or edging-tool, inftrument or en-gino not of common ufe in any trade, but contrived for making of money round the edges with letters, graining*, or other marks of figures rcfembling thofe on the edges of money coined in her Maje ty’s mint, or other coin made current within this kingdom, or that (hall hereafter be made current in this kingdom by proclamation, nor any prefs for coinage, nor any cutting-engine for cutting round blanks by force of a fkrew*out of flatted bars of gold, filver, or other metal; nor (hall knowingly buy or fell, hid*.

Digitized by LjOOQle

The eighth Tear of Anne.	549

4r conceal, or without lawful authority or fufficieht e*cufe A. D. for that purpofe, knowingly have in his, her, or their 1709. lioufes, cuftody, or pofleffion, any fuch puncheon,* court- Chap. ter-puncheort, matrix, ftamp, dye, edger? cutting-engine, '— or other tool or inllrnment before mentioned: and if any nor ,clU fmith, engraver, founder, or other perfon or perfons What- thcfame^ taTC fofiever, other than and’except as aforefaid, fhall offend m any the matters and things aforefaid, then all and every fuch offender and offenders, tHeir councillors, procurer^, aiders and abettors, fhall be by the authority aforefaid adjudged to be guilty of high treafon ; and beingof the Penalty on faid offences, or any of them, convidled or attainted accord- offenders, and ing to the order and courfe of the laws of this realm, (hail j^fonS* ^ ^ fuffer death as in cafes of high treafon.

II.	And be it further enacted by the authority afore- conveyiu faid. That if any perfon or perfons whatfoever from arid outof the mint, after the faid firll day of November (hall, without lawful or importing^ authority for that purpofe, wittingly or knowingly^cort-thc }.4inc> high-vejr, or affift in the conveying out of her Majefly’s mint Or trc**oU-mints in this kingdom, or that fhall hereafter be in this

> kingdom, any puncheon, counter-puncheon, matrix, dye, ftamp, edger, cutting-engine, prefs, or other tool, engine or inftrument, ufed for or -about the coining of monies there, or any ufeful part of fuch tools or inflruments* as fhall wittingly or knowingly import or bring into this kingdom any of them without lawful authority ; that then as well the faid perfon or perfons fo offending, their coun-cellora, procurers, aiders or abettors, as alfo all and every perfon and perfons knowingly receiving, hiding, or concealing of the fame, fhall be by the authority aforefaid adjudged guilty of high treafon, and, being of the faid offences or any of them convi&ed or attainted according to the order and courfe of the laws of this realm, fhall fuffer death as in cafes of high treafon.

III.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- Marking oa faid, That if any perfon or perfons, other than tire per- the edges couar fons employed or hereafter to be employed in her Majefty’sterfeit coifl-mint or mints, fhall after the faid firlt day of November

mark on the edges any counterfeit coin refembling her Ma-jefty’s coin, or other coin made current within this king* dom, or that fhall hereafter be made current in this kingdom by proclamation, with letters, or grainings, or other marks or figures like unto thofe on the edges of money coined in her Majefty’s mint or mints in Great Britain, or hereafter to be coined in Great-Britain, or like unto thofe which her Majefty may hereafter coin in any mint or mints within this kingdom, or like unto any foreign coin made current within this kingdom, or hereafter to be made current in this kingdom by proclamation* every fuch

• I

Digitized by

And coLmring or gilding any refembling cnrrenc coin.

Inftrumentt for coming or counterfeiting, feiaed;

Tin eighth Yemr of Anne, offence ffsall be adjudged high treafon, and the offender or offenders therein, his and their councilors, procurers, aiders, and abettors, being thereof convi&ed or attained according to the order and courfe of the laws of this realm, (haD fuffer death as in cafes of high treafon.

IV.	And be it further cna&ed by the authority afbte-faid. That if any perfon or perfons whatfoever, after the faid fitft day of November, (hall colour, gild, or cafe over with gold or fiiver, or with any wafh or materials producing the colour of gold or (ilver, any coin refembling her Majefly’s coin or foreign coin, made or that (hall hereafter be made current in this kingdom by proclamation, or any round or other figured blanks of bafe metal, or of courfe gold or courfe (ilver of a fit fixe and figure to be coined mto counterfeit milled money, refembling any of the gold or fiiver coin of Grcat-Britain, or if any perfon or perfons (hall gild over any fiiver blanks of fit iize and figure to be coined into pieces refembling the current gold coin of this kingdom, or that (hall hereafter be made current in this kingdom, or any other the coins made, or which (hall hereafter be made current in this kingdom by proclamation; all and every fuch perfon and perfons fo offending, their coun-fcDors, procurers, aiders and abettors, (hall be adjudged guilty of high treafon, and, being convicted or attainted thereof according to the order and courfe of the laws of this realm, (hall fuffer death as in cafes of high treafon*

V.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afbrcfaid. That if any puncheon, dye, (lamp, cJger, cutting-engine, prefs, flaik, or other tool, inftrument or engine, ufed or .defigned for coining or counterfeiting gold or fiiver monies, or part of fuch tools or engines, (hall at any time after the faid firft day of November be hid or concealed in any place, or found in the houfe, cuftody, or poffcfiion of any perfon or perfons whatfoever, not then employed in the coining of money in fome of her Majefty’s mints, nor having the fame by. fomc lawful authority, that then it (hall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons whatfoever, difeovering the fame, to feize, and he and they is and are hereby required to feize the fame, and carry them forthwith to fomc juftice of the peace of the county, city, or place, where the fame (hall be fa feized, and by him fecured, to be produced in evidence againfl any perfon or perfons, who (hall or may be profccuted for any fuch offence, in fome court of juffice proper for the determination thereof; and after fuch time as tbey or any of them (hall have been produced in evidence, as well the fame fo produced as the other (o feized and not made ufe of in evidence, and,every of them, (hall forthwith by order of that court where fuch offender or offenders (hall

Digitized by

GoogI

Counterfeit

The eighth Year of Anne* be tryed, or by order, and in the prefence of fuch or ibme other juftice of the peace, in cafe there be no fuch tryal, be totally defaced and deftroyed ; and if after the (aid firft day of November any counterfeit or unlawfully di-minifhed money (hall be produced in any court of juftice, either in evidence againft any perfon or perfons, for any offence relating to the counterfeiting or unlawfully dimi- ncy, to be cut, aiftiihg of money or otherwife, that then, or immediately &c. after evidence given, the judge or judges of fuch court (hall caufe fuch money to be cut in pieces in open court, or in the prefence of fome juftice of the peace, and then to be delivered to or for fuen perfon or perfons to whom the fame of right (hall appertain.

VI.	And whereas feveral mixtures of metals have been To blanch invented in imitation of gold and filver, and blanched cop copper for fale, per is principally made iiie of in imitation of filver, and fel- fljv™lx07know com, if ever, for any honeft or good purpofes : be it there- ingl/buy or fell fore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or it, *c. felouy. perfons whatfoever after the faid firft day of November (hall blanch copper for fale, or mix blanched copper with fil-ver, or knowingly buy or fell, or offer to hie, blanched copper alone or raixt with fdver, or (hall knowingly or fraudulently buy or fell, or offer to fale, any malleable competitions or mixture of metals or minerals, which (ball be heavier than filver, and look, and touch, and wear like ftandard gold, but be manifeftly worfe than ftandard, or (hall take, receive, or pay, or put off any counterfeit milled money, or any milled money whatfoever unlawfully diminifhed, and not cut in pieces, at or for a lower rate or value than the fame by its denomination doth or (hall import, or was coined or counterfeited for ; that then all and every fuch perfon and perfons (hall be deemed and adjudged guilty of felony, and, being thereof convi&ed or attainted, according to the order and courfe of the laws of this realm,

(hall fuffer death as in cafe of felony.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the ^ authority aforefaid, That this a&, or stay thing thefein a& t0 contained, or any attainder or attainders of any perfon or make corrupt ico perfons for any offence or offences made treafon or felony of Wood or iois by this a&, fhall not in any wife extend, and be adjudged,	^*wer*

interpreted, or expounded, to make any corruption of blood to any the heir or heirs of any fuch offender or offenders, or to make the wife of any fuch offender to lofe or forfeit her dower of or in any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or her title, a&ion, or intereft of, and in, or to the fame; and that all and every perfon or perfons, that (hall at any time after the faid firft day of November be accufed or impeached of any of the faid offences made	a,.

treafon or felony by this a&, fhall or may he indi&ed, arraigned.

evidence, Ac.

Digitized by

5 5*	Tbt	eighth	Year of Annr.

D. raigned, tryed, convi&ed, or attainted by fnch like eri-17°9*	dence, and in fuch manner and form, as how are or may be

Chap. 6. by the laws of this realm had or ufed againft any offender or offenders for counterfeiting the Queen’s money ; anything in this aGt contained, or any other law or ftatute, to the contrary notwithftanding.

VIII.	And whereas the preventing the currency of counterfeit money is a more effectual means to prefervecoin intire and pure, than the moft rigorous laws for punifhment of fuch as counterfeit the fame : and whereas by the known laws of this kingdom no perfon-ought to pay, or knowingly tender in payment, any counterfeit or ■ unlawful money ; and all perfons not only may refute to receive the fame, but may, and by the ancient ftatutes and ordinances hf this kingdom have been required to, deftroy and deface the fame, and more efpecially the officers and miniffers im-ployed in the receipt and difburfement of her Majeffy’s Exchequer by the duty of office ought to receive no money Perfon, to but good and true : and whereas .the faid ancient laws are whom gold or grown into difufe, whereby counterfeit money receieVs a filver money currency, and wicked and traiterons perfons are embolden-TlSZiT* counterfeit the fame : now to the end that the money may cut, break	now is or hereafter (hall be current in this king-

or defatc ; dom, may not be counterfeited, be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That it is and (hall be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons, to whom any gold or filver toflo* ney (hall betendered, any piece . or pieces whereof by the ffamp, fmprdfion, colour, or weight, may be fufpe&ed to be counterfeited, to cut, break or deface fuch piece or • pieces ; and if any piece fo cut, broken, or defaced, fell appear to	be	counterfeited, the perfon fo tendering	the

fame fhall	bear the lofs thereof: but if the feme (hall	ap-

pear to be lawful money, the perfon that cut, broke, or defaced the fame, flidll and is hereby required to take the Dtff meide-	at the rate of its currency ^and if any queffion or

te'.mincd by difpate fell happen to ante, whether the piece To cut be efficet ai the	counterfeit, it	fhall be heard and determined finally by	the

*uS«ofTo	°r	mayor»	or bayliffs, or other chief officer of	any

•	city or town corporate, where fuch tender fell be made;

and if fuch tender fell be made out of any fuch city or town corporate, then by the next juftice of the peace of the cotsbty inhabiting or being near the place where fuch tender fell be made ; and the faid mayor, or other chief officer and juflice of the peace, fhall have full power and authority to adminifter an oath, a3 he fhall fee convenient, to aiiy perfotv for determining any queffion relating to the feid <w ........ piece.

RVvenue ofa . JXj Andb^ it further epa&ed by the. authority afbre-«r d«fa< exouni	:That all and fingular the officers and miniffers con-

teifcit filver.	cemcd

Digitized by k^ooQle

The eighth Tear of Anne. cemed in the receipt - of her MajeffJV revenue, aids, im- A. D. pofitions, duties, and taxes given and granted, or to be 1709* .hereafter given and granted; (hall and are Hereby required Chap. 6. to cut, break, or deface, or caufe to be cut, broken, or defaced, every piece of counterfeit or unlawful dim!nifht (liver money, that (halTbe tendered in payment to them, 'for thfc life of Her Majefly, her heirs or fucceffors, or for any part of the revenue, aids, impofitions, duties, or taxes of her Mh-her heirs or fucceffors.

X.	And forafmuch as a great part of the coin now current, or that hereafter may be current, in this kingdom, is and may be foreign coin made current by proclamation; therefore it ■ is reafonabJe, in cafe any perfon or perfons fhould be accufed of any offence relating to fuch foreign coin fo made current, that the1 evidence of fuch prodanfca-tfon fhould be aferitatmed: be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That fr6m and after the faid firff day Printed pro-of November the printed proclamation ordering, publifh- ^cncet^i^‘ ing, and declaring the currency of fuch foreign coin, and rcney of foreign

• ascertaining the rates and value of fuch foreign coin re- coin, fpe&ively in this kingdom, (hall be taken, deemed, and adjudged Sufficient evidence in: all courts of juftice of the currency of fuch coin, and that the fame is intended to be preferved by this a<ft from bring counterfeited, as if the original proclamation under the great Seal of this kingdom were produced.

XI.	Provided, That the clerk of the council for the clerk indorf-time being, or his deputy, do certifie under his hand and mg a certificate feal on the back of fuch proclamation, that the original that the original proclamation under the'great feal of this kingdom agrees »grcc#,*rhife»; •verbatim with the printed proclamation, whereon he writes

fuch certificate ; which proclamations and certificates, thereon endorfed as aforefaid, the clerk of the council	fending

for the time being, or his deputy, are required to fend the feme to from time to time, as proclamations relating to the clcrk# <*f the currency of coin ftiall iffue, to the Several and refpec- ^p^^ation tive clerks of the crown in this kingdom, without fee or be in fix months reward;

XII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed. That Perpetual ly

this adl (hall continue and be in force for Seven years, and 4	*•	9*

until the end of the next feffion of Parliament after the expiration of the Seven years; and that no profecution (hall be

made for any offence againfl the faid a<ft, unlefs fuch profe1 cution be commenced within fix months after fuch offence committed.

CHAP.

Digitized by

The eighth Tear ef Anne. CHAP* VII.

554 A. D.

Ju A& fer the better freventiag Efc&ptt emt ef the Prifauf

the MarJheJfta of the Four-Ceurts.

WHEREAS diverfe perfons, legally committed by her Majelly’s fevcral courts of record at Dublin to the cullody of the marshal of the marihalfea of the laid court upon actions for the recovery of debt or damages, or for contempts in not performing orders or decrees made in her Majefty’s courts of equity, and likewife perfons committed in execution, have by corrupt and die-gal pra&ices obtained liberty to efcape and go at large without fatisfa&ion made to the refpe&ive plaintiff or creditors, and without performing fuch orders or decrees, to the difeouragement of trade, and in defiance to the good and wholefome nws heretofore made to rdirain fuch abufes:

If m perfon in cullody of mar-fbal of four courts, before

fatisf*&i*n

made, efcape or go »t Urge,

On oath, (hdl grant a warrant tolherifTs. to retake, and commit to gaol.

for remedy whereof, and for preventing the like evil predicts for the future, be it enaded by the Queen's moil excellent Majeffy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in Parliament affembled, and by authority of the fame. That if any perfon or perfons already committed, rendered, or charged, or who /ball hereafter be committed, or rendered to, or charged in the cullody of the marihal of the four-courts aforefaid for the time being, either in execution or upon mefne procefs, or upon any contempt in not performing any order or decree made by any of the (aid courts; and if fuch perfon or perfons (hall at any time after fuch commitment, render, charge, or oeing in execution, and before he, (lie, or they (hall have made payment or (atisfa&ion to the refpedive plaintiff or phintiffs, creditor or creditors, or (hall have cleared him, her, or themfelves of fuch contempts, as he, (he, or they Were or (hall be charged with at the time of fuch their commitment, render, charge, or bring in execution as aforefaid, make any efcape from the cullody-of the marihal of the faid courts for the time being, or from the prifon of the faid marihalfea, or (hall go at large at any time after the nine and twentieth day of September, which (hall be in this prefent year of our Lord God one thoufand (even hundred and nine, it fiiall and may be lawful, upon oath thereof in writing, to be made by one or more credible perfon or perfons before any one of the judges of that court where fuch adtioa was entered, or judgment and execution were obtained, or where the party was fo committed or charged as aforefaid, to and for fuih judge, before whom fuch oath (hall be made as abovefaidj and fuch judge is hereby authorized and required, from time to time to grant unto any perfon whatfoever,

who

, The eighth Tear ef Anne*	555

who (hall demand the fame, one or more warrant or war- A. D-rants under his hand and feal, therein reciting the a&ion or \ 709. a&ions, execution or executions, contempt ot contempts, Chap. 7. with which fuch perfon or perfons fo efcaping or going at large flood charged, or for which fuch perion or perfons were committed, with the name or names of the perfon or perfons, on whofe behalf fuch warrant or warrants (hall be demanded; which (aid warrant or warrants (hall be in force in all places within this kingdom, dire&ed to all (he-riffs, mayors, and other head officers, fenefchals, bayliffs, and conftables, therein and thereby requiring them and every of them in their refpe&ive counties, cities, towns, and precintts, to feize and retake fuch perfon or perfons fo efcaped or going at large 5 and fuch perfon or perfons, fo retaken upon fuch warrant, forthwith to convey and commit to the common goal of fuch county where fuch perfon or perfons fo efoaped are going at large (hall be retaken, there to remain without bail or mainprize, or without being thence upon any account whatfoever delivered or removed, until ne, (he, or they (hall have made full payment or fatisfa&ion to the refpe&ive plaintiff or plaintiffs, creditor or creditors, in fuch a&ion or a&ions, execution or executions, named, or until the judgment or judgments, on which fuch execution or executions was or were fued out againil fuch perfon or perfons, fhall be reverfed or difeharged by due courfc of law, or until judgment in fuch a&ion or a&ions be given for fuch perfon or perfons fo committed as aforefaid, or until fuch contempt or contempts, for which fuch perfon or perfons were or fhall -be committed, be cleared or difeharged, except fuch perfon or perfons be charged with treafon or felony, or any other crime, matter, or caufe, for and on the behalf of the Queen’s Majefly, her heirs and fucceffors ; and if fuch except in cafe perfon or perfons be removed for any fuch caufe, on behalf trcalon» f«-of the Queen, her heirs and fucceflors, to any other goal ™ or prifon, he or (he (hall be in the cuftody of fuch goal of the Queen, charged with all the caufe*, with which he or (he is or (hull be chaiged in the goal from whence he or (he (hall be removed; and every mayor and other officer as afore-	Qn	^

faid, after delivery of fuch prifoner fo retaken, together ijvcry to tbc c* with fuch warrant to the fhenff, (hall take a note in writ- ftierilt, (hall cake ing from fuch fheriff, teflifying the receipt of fuch pri-a notc tiie foner, which faid (heriff is hereby required to receive fuch	re-

prifoner, and to give fuch note 5 and every fuch fheriff, af- turn execution ter the execution of fuch warrant, fhall forthwith make a of the warrant return thereof to the court where the refpe&ive a&ion isto the c#un* ur fhall be depending, or the judgment, order, or decree is or fhall be had or obtained, whidi feturo fhall bc>cntcred and filed upon record.

II. And

Digitized by LjOOQle

efcape.

bail.

Sheriff to return to the

The eighth Tear of Anne.

II. And be it further enadled, That if any perfon dr perfons, fo retaken by warrant as aforefaid, /ha11 at any time make any efcape out of the goal, to which /he ofr they (hall be fo conveyed and committed as aforefaid, the Ami liable on fhcr{ff jn vyhofe cuftody, he, /he, or they was or were, ai>e	(hall be liable to anfwer for fuch efcape, as in the cafe of

any other efcapc ; any law, ufage, or cilftom, to the contrary in any wife not with (landing.

Bail may have	HI. Provided always, That it /hall and may be lawful

to^etain thc^ *° or ^or Pcr^on or perfons, that are or /hall be bail in prifonerretaken fuit oration in any of her Majefty's faid courts of rein difeharge of cord at Dublin for any fuch perfon or perfons, that toll be retaken and conveyed to fuch goal as aforfcfaid by virtue of fuch warrant, to have and profccute out of fuch of her Majefty*8 courts, where he, (he, or they are * or /hall be bail, a writ dire&ed to the /heriff of the county, to the goal whereof fuch prifoner fo retaken (hall be committed and detained, commanding fuch (heriff‘to detain and keep iuru to me fuch prifoner in cuftody, m difeharge of his bail; which court laid writ, w"t» together with an account whether he hath the faid with an account, prifoner in his cuftody, (hall be returned by the faid fhfe-. riff into court at a day therein to be mentioned, add the delivery of every fuch writ to the (heriff or his deputy, toll be deemed and taken to be an effe&ua! render of fuch prifoner, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, in difeharge of the (aid bail; and in cafe fuch (heriff or his deputy, or other his inferior officer, (hall at any time after the delivery of fuch writ fuffer the perfon or perfons fo rendered in difeharge of his, her, or their bail to efcapc, and afterwards they and every of them fo offending (hall be liable to fuch liable on efcapc. a<£Hon or a&ions, as the marfhal of the four courts is liable to for permitting any perfon to efcape out of his cuftody or prifon, who was committed upon render in difeharge of his* her, or their bail.

IV. And be it further enabled, That every fuch (heriff upon requeft of fuch perfon or perfons being bail as aforefaid, who (hall deliver fuch writ for keeping and detaining fuch prifoner* as aforefaid, and who (h *'l pay the ufual fees for returns of a&ions, toll make return and certify under his hand the receipt of fuch writ and the time of his receiving the Tame; and likewife, whether the perfon fo retaken was then in his cuftody; and in default thereof, /hall for every fuch neglcft or refufal forfeit one hundred pounds fterhngi to he recovered in any of her Majefty** faid courts at Dublin, by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint or information, wherein no effoign, prote&ion, wager of law, or ^any more than one imparlance /hall be allowed;

. and upon producing fuch return or certificate to the court,

whtre

Penalty on (heriff not mak-ing return, &e. look

Court on pro-

The eighth Tear of Anne* *'

\^)i€rc fuch bail (ball be taken, fuch court (ball direft and caufe a	je to be entered upon the bailpiece, which

fhall be as effeftual to all intents and purpofes as if the faid bail had.been aftually rendered the perfon of the faid defendant to fuch court, or before any judge or judges of during fnch re-the fame.	«»™.	,

V- And for the prevention of difputes touching this on^ebaflpiece aft, be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the A general fame and every claufe and thing therein contained (hall be law to prevent adjudged and taken to be a general law, and that- it (hall cfcaPc#» &c* not be needful to fet forth the fame or any part thereof in pleading ; and that this aft and every claufe therein (hall be qondrued mod beneficially for the preventing of all the mif-chiefs, abufes, tfcapes, and other inconviencies herein provided againd.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That if any perfon or Perfons, fue£ perfons fhall at any time be fued for putting in execution for putting it in any power or authority given by this aft, fuch perfon or c**c“tIon m*7 perfons may plead the general iffue, and give in evidence jfpUC) and hare the fpecial matter ; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs in treble cods. f#ch aftion or aftions fhall be nonfuit, or fhall difeontinue his, her, or their aftion or aftions, or if a verdift fhall be given for the defendant or defendants, or that judgment up-qn demurrer fhall be given for the defendant or defendants, every fuch defendant qi defendants (hall have his or their treble cods of fuit.

CHAP. VIII.

An Ac7 for the encouraging the Difcovery and apprehending of houfe-breakers,

WHEREAS the crimes of burglary and breaking ' open of houfes, in a felonious manner are of late years become more frequent tharf formerly, to the great dilquiet, terror, and impoverifhing of many of her Ma-jefty’s fubjefts ; which crimes might be in a great mea-iure prevented, if due encouragement were given to fuch as i fhall vigoroufiy endeavour the difeovering and apprehending of fuch malefaftors, and fome fevere puniflunent inflicted on fuch as/hall receive or buy dolen goods, and harbour and proteft fuch offenders : for remedy whereof, Five pound -be it enafted by the Queen’s mod excellent Majedy, by paidbycolledor and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual an^ ^ temporal and commons in Parliament afTembled, and by the ing to convic-autbority of the fame, That from and after the twenty ninth tion, as herein, day of September one thoufand feven hundred and nine, all and every perfon and perfons, who (hall apprehend and take any perfon or perfon3 guilty of burglary, or the felonious

Digitized by CjOOQle

55®	.fir	ttghtb Tear tf Anne*

A. D. lonious breaking and entering of any houfe in the day tyo<9* time* and profccute him or them fo apprehended or taken, Chap. 8. until hn, (fetf-or they, be convi&ed of fuch burglary and felony, (hall have and rwix? the fum of five pounds within twenty one days after fuch couri&ion, to be paid by the colledor of the diftrift where fuch felony or burglary (ball be committed ,and done without any fee for the tame, to the perfon or perfons fo taking, apprehending, profetutjng the (aid offenders, he, (he, or they tendering a certificate to the faid polle&or, under the hand or hands of the judges or juftices before whom fuch felon (hall be Convi&ed for fuch burglary or felony, certifying the eon-yi&ion of fuch felon for the faid offence or offences, and in what parifh the fame was committed j and alfo that fuch felon or felons wfcs or were taken by the perfon or perfons On dilute the claiming the faid reward; and in cafe any difpute	(hall

red^hc^Y	happen to ar^fe between the perfons fo apprehending	any

tipns to	of the (aid felons touching the right and title to the	(aid

to the daimants. reward, that then the faid judges or juftices, fo certifying refpc&ively as aforefaid, (hall in and by their faid certificate diredt and appoint the (aid reward to be paid to and amongft the faid parties claiming the fame, in fuch (bare and proportions as to the faid judges or juftices (hall feent on dnth or juft am} Teafqnable ; and if it (hall happen, that any fuck kJTr^ °he01* co^c^or	or be removed before the expiration of

paid r(»y °fuccef> t^e	twenty one days after fuch convi&ion and demand

for.	made of the (aid reward, (not being paid as aforefaid)

that then the next fucceeding colle&or (hall pay the dune within pne month after demand and certificate brought u aforefaid; and if default of payment of the faid fum or fums of money (hall happen to be made by any collector, fuch colle&or fo making default (hid} forfeit tp the perfon Penalty dou- or perfons, to whom fuch money is due as aforefaid, double on colle&oef the fum or fums of money he or they ought to have lor default. p*id, to be received by him, her, or them, or his, her, or their executors or adminiilrators, in any of her Ma. jelly’s courts of record at Dublin, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein but one imparlance, and no effoin, prote&ion, or waggr of law (hall he allowed, with tre* ble colls of fuit,

isV (Y'watch- II. And he it further enacted by the authority afore* map or other* faid, That in cafe any watch-man or any other perfon or killed by burgler perfons (hall happen to be killed by any fuch buigier or £> rec^veYn^01 b°ufe breaker, fuch watch-man or other perfon or perfons certificate aoL endeavouring to apprehend, qr in making purfuit after * him, her, or them, that then the executors or adminiftra-tors of fuch perfon or perfons fo killed, to whom the right of adminiftration of the perfonal eftatc of #fuch perfon or .perfons fo kiUeft fh*|l belong, upon certi*

ftcate

Digitized by L^ooQle

Penalty oa

T	The eighth Year of Anne,

pcate delivered under the hands and feals of fuch judges or juilice$ of affize of the county where the was committed, or the two next iufUces of the peace, of fuch perfon or perfons being fo killed, (which certificate the faid judges or juftices refpe&ively, upon fuf-ficicnt proof before them made, are immediately required to give without fee or reward) (hall receive the futn of twenty pounds from the collector of the diftriCt as aforefaid where the faid fa& was done and committed, and upon failure of payment thereof by the faid collector, colledor 40I. the fijm of forty pounds to be recovered againft him tr*kk* <"■ with treble cofts of fuit in manner and form aforefaid.

III. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforf- Allowed in (aid. That every fach colle&or, his executors and admi- collcdor'* ac-niftrators, upon producing fuch refpe&ive certificates, and	?*ceP*

the receipts of the money paid by him in purfuance	Penattlr•

this .(hall be allowed, and is hereby impowered to deduct, upqn Jiis accounts all monies, other than fuch penal* ties or forfeitures as he (hall incur through his own default ns aforefaid and treble coifs of fuit, which (hall be recovered as aforefaid; and if upon Hating the account of any If not enough polledfor, there foall not be money fuificient in the hands ofin hj» hands, re-fuch pollc&or to reimbqrfe him fuch money paid by him by f yirtue of tljis a&, that then fuch colle&or, having fo paid	*

the faid money, fhall have the fame repaid by the vice-treafurer, or his deputy foj* the time being, out of the ye venue of the crown? clear of ^11 fees, charges, and deductions whatfoever, upon a certificate from the commiffi-pner? of the revenue for that purp pfe,

JV. An$} be it further enaded, 'J’hat if any perfon or A’7fonJ.J,,t s perfons, bein^ oqt of prifon, fhall after the twenty ninth ^verinTaflV - day of September one thoufand feven hundred and nine convi&ing, to , flifcover two or more perfons who already have or hereafter receive 5I. u (hall commit any fuch burglary or felony, fo as two or herein, more of the perfons jhfcoyered (hall be convidcd of fuch *	•	9-

burglary or felony; any fuch difeoverer fhall have the like yeward and allowance of five pounds, hereby promiled to paid to the perfon pr perfons who fhall apprehend and ponvijd houfe-breakerbj and all other advantages given to fuch taker and profecutor, ani{ fhall be alfo intituled to the gracious pardon of her Majefiy, her heirs and fup-peffors, for all burglaries, robberies, and felonies (except murder and trpafon) by fuch difeoverer committed at any Which pardon time or timeq before fuch djfcoyery made ; which pardon a harm appeal, fhall likewife be a goqd bar \o any s^ppe^l brought for fuch ^urglary or felony,

V. And forafmuch as the faid felons are much encou- Perfons who ffigcd to commit fuch burglaries and feloqie$? becaufe a knowing, buy ~ ~....................................................   great	or	receive	itoica

Digitized by t^ooQle

good*, Ac

acccflariec 9 UW. 3. 7.

Buyer and receiver pun tillable & c. tbo’ principal can't pc taken.

4 JjULt II.

Jndg«»togive certificate, lor which is. to be paid.

The tfgbtb Year of Anne, great number of perfons make it a trade .to recore and buy of the laid felons goods, fo by them felonioufly taken; and alfo do make it their bufinefs to harbour and conceal the faid offenders after the faid fafts, knowing the faid burglaries and felonies to have been by them committed: be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That if ary perfon or perfons lhall receive or buy any goods or chatties, that (hall be felonioufly taken or ftolen from any other perfon, knowing the fame to be ftolen, or fhal 1 receive, harbour, or conceal any biirglers, felons, or thieves, knowing them to be fuch, lhall be taken and deemed as ac-ceffary or acceflaries to the faid felony aor felonies, and being of cither of the faid offences legally convi&ed by the teft’mouy of one or more credible witneffes, fuch offender lhall fuffer and incur the pain of death, as a felon w ▼i6ted.

VI.	Provided always, That if fuch principal felon can*

not be taken, fo as to be profccuted and convi&ed for any fuch offence; yet neverthelefs it lhall and may be lawful to profecute and punilh every fuch perfon and per* fons	an<l	receiving any goods ftolen by wj Inch

principal felon, knowing the fame to be flolen, as for a mildemeanor, to be puniftied by line or imprifonment, or other fuch corporal punifhment, as the court lhall think fit to inflict, although the principal felon be not before convi& of the faid felony; which lhall exempt the - offender from being punilhed as accefiary to fuch principal felon, if fuch principal felon lhall be afterwards taken and convi&ed.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the judge or judges, jufticc or juftices, before whom fuch felons or houfe-breakers lhall be convicted as aforefaid, lhall determine and fettle the right and lhares of fuch refpe&ive perfons, who by virtne of this a& lhall be intituled to the certificate by this ad direded to be given, and lhall alfo* (being thereunto required) make out and deliver, or caufe to be made out and delivered, the faid certificate to fuch perfon or perfons intituled, thereunto, before the end of fuch afiizei or fellions, where fuch con vision as aforefaid (hall be bad; for which certificate one IhiUing, and no more, lhall be de* maqded or paid.

CHAP,

Digitized by Google

The eighth Tear of Anne. CHAP. IX.

An Aft for delivering Declarations to Prifoners^

561 A. D.

WHEREAS by the courfe of pradtice in the refpec-tive courts of record at Dublin,, commonly called the Four-courts, after the plaintiff or plaintiffs in any writ, iffued out of any of the faid courts, hath or have been at great charge to arreft the defendant or defendants upon fuch writ, and the defendant or defendants for want of Efficient bail are often committed to goal, and unlefs the plaintiff or plaintiffs fliall before the end of two terms next after fuch arreft caufe fuch defendant or defendants by writs of habeas corpus to be removed, to be charged in the (aid refpedlive courts with a declaration or declarations of the caufe of fuch ad ion or a&ions, fuch prifoner or prifoners is or are upon a common bail or appearance by attorney discharged from their imprifonment, to the great preju lice of the plaintiff or plaintiffs; for remedy whereof be it enaded by the Queen’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the	m

advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and plaintiff in next commons in this prefent Parliament affembled and by autho- term after may rity of the fame, That if at any time from and after the	an<*

firft day of November in this prefent year one thoufand lveracopy* feven hundred and nine any defendant or defendants fhall be taken or charged in cuftody at the fuit of any .perfon or perfons, upon any writ or writs out of any of the faid courts at Dublin, and imprifoned or detained in prifon for want of fureties for their appearance to the fame, the plaintiff or plaintiffs in fuch writ or writs fliall and may, before the end of the next term after fuch writ 01 procefs fhall be returnable, declare againft fuch prifoner or prifoners in the refpe&ive court or courts, out of which the writ or writs fliall iffue ; whereupon the faid prifoner or prifoners fliall be taken and imprifoned, or charged in cuftody ; and fliall or may caufe a true copy thereof to be delivered to fuch prifoner or prifoners, or to the goaler or keeper of the prifon or goal, in whofe cuftody fuch prifoner or prifoners fhall be or remain ; to wrbich declaration or declarations the faid prifoner or prifoners fliall appear and plead ; and if fuch prifoner or prifoners fliall not appear and plead to the fame before the end of the term next after pca/nat and"J fuch declaration or declarations fliall be fo delivered as afore- plead before end laid, the plaintiff or plaintiffs in fuch cafes fhall have judg- JJcat meat, as if the prifoner or prifoners had appeared in the ^nt faid refpe&ive courts, and refufed to anfwer or plead to fuch	*

declaration or declarations.

Vol. II.	N	n	II.	And

if prifoner ap-

Digitized by L.oogle

The eighth Tear of Anne.

A. D. II. And be it further ena&ed, That in all declaration 1709. agaiiift any prifoner or prifoners, detained in prifon by V——virtue of any writ or prccefs, to be iffued from and after In declarations the t|mc aforefaid out of the court of Queen’s-Bench, it A5°^haeta,<ha11 be	in	cuflody	of	what	(heriff,	bailiff,	or	ftew-

* ard, of any franchise or other perfon, having the return and execution of writs, fuch prifoner or prifoners (hall be at the time of fuch declaration by virtue of the proceis of the fnid court at the fuit of the plaintiffs ; which allegation (hall be as good and effc&ual to all intents and pur-pofts, as if fuch prilcncr or prifoners were in the cuftody of the marfhal of the faid Four-courts of our fovereign hr dy the Queen.

CHAP. X.

An Aft for amending an A'd, intituled, An A& fcT the pob-lick Regiftring of all Deeds, Conveyances and Wills, that (hah be made of any Honors, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments.

£*** TITHEREAS an ad made in this kingdom in the V V fixth year of the reign of her prefent Majefty, intituled, An att for the publick regijirtng of all deeds, convey*

.	ancts	and	'wills	that Jhall be tnbde of any honors, manors, lands,

tenements, or hereditaments, is of good defign and publick benefit, but has been found by experience to be defe&iTC in ftveral particulars ; for remedy whereof, be it ena&edby the Queen’s moil excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the au-Memoral of thority of the fame, That a memorial of all fuch deeds deed* mwle in and conveyances, as have been made and executed fincc the

Gr.cat, hT™D' twenty fifth day of March one thouiand feven hundred and 3nd 01 wills (dc* • •	~	/	•	£*1	p	i	#

▼ifees refuting eight, being the time ot the commencement or the laid

there) concern- former afl, and that (hall hereafter be made and executed in in* Lands in the kingdom of Great-Britain, and of all wills and devifes r^Mcrcd^ on* *n wr*t*nS w^erc the devifor or teftatrix hath died fince the affidavit a« faid twenty-fifth day of March one thouiand feven hundred herein.	and eight, or fhalj hereafter dye, and the devifees in fuch

will refiding in Great-Britain, of or concerning, or whereby any honors, manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, within this kingdom of Ireland, are or may be any way affe&ed, (hall be entred or regift red by the regifter appointed by virtue of the faid former a& of Parliament, or his deputy, in cafe an affidavit fworn before one of the judges of any of the courts at Weflminfter, or a mailer in Chancery, or before the juftices of the peace in open court, at any general quarter-lefiions in the laid kingdom of Great-

Britain*

Digitized by

Google

The eighth Tear of Anne.	J63

Britain, be brought with the faid memorial to the faid	A.	D.

regifter or his deputy ; in which affidavit one of the wit-	1

ncffes to the execution of fuch deeds and conveyances (hall Chap. 10* fwear he or fhe faw the fame executed, and the memorial v figned and Healed ; or in which affidavit one of the wit- C>ne of the nefles to the memorial of any will (hall fwear he or fhe faw^gtoi^! fuch memorial figned and fealed ; and fuch affidavit fhall be regifter to a fufficient authority to the faid regifter or his deputy, toffi^acemfi®1* give the party, that brings Fuch memorial and affidavit, certificate on the deed, or on a feparate anddiftinft parchment, the deed not being produced of the regiftring fuch memorial 5 which certificate figned by the faid regifter or his deputy fhall be taken and allowed as evidence of the regiftrics of the fame memorials in all courts of record whatfoever ; any thing in the faid former aft, or in this aft, contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwith-ftanding.

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore- Paget of re* faid, That every page of fuch regifter-books, and every gifterbooks, aad memorial, that fhall be entred therein, fhall be numbered,

and the day of the month, and the year, and hour, or time bered. of the day, when every memorial is regift red, fhall be entered in the margins of the faid regifter-books, and in the margins of the faid memorial.

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,^certificate That in cafe of mortgages, whereof memorials have been cJcoitor?' *bv. already entered, or fhall be entered in the faid regifter office at herein, purfuant to the aforefaid aft, if at any time afterwards a 8 G *• *$• certificate fhall be brought to the faid regifter or his deputy,alterfd' figned and fealed by the refpeftive mortgagee or mortgagees

in fuch mortgage, his, her, or their refpeftive executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, and attefted by two or more wit-neftes, one of which witnefles fhall by affidavit to be made before the faid regifter or his deputy, or perfons impowered by the faid former, aft, or by this aft, for taking affidavits,	/

(who are hereby impowered and required to adminifter fuch oath) prove fuch monies to be fatisfied and paid accordingly, and that he or fhe faw fuch certificate figned and fealed by the faid mortgagee or mortgagees, his, her, or their refpeC-tive executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, that then and in every fuch cafe the faid regifter, or his deputy, /hall make an entry in the margin of the faid regiftry-books againft the regiftry of the memorial of fuch mortgage, that fuch mortgage was fatisfied and difeharged according to fuch certificate, to which the fame entry ihall refer, and fhall after file fuch certificate and affidavit, to remain upon record in the faid regifter-office ; for which entry the faid regifter fhall ^ cc 'or ^bc allowed fix pence, and bo more.

.	* N n 1	IV. Arid

Digitized by LjOOQle

Penalty of forging certificate, t» by 38 Elin. 3.

For perjury, the fame as if in court of record.

This, and

6 Anne 3 publick a&s.

And read at afiizet and Itl-fionsfor 3 years,

The eighth Tear of Anne.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore-faid, That if any perfon or perfons (hall at any time forage or counterfeit any fuch certificate, as is herein before mentioned and direfted, and be thereof lawfully con rifted, Inch perfon or perfons (hall incur and be liable to fuch pains and penalties, as in and by an aft of Parliament made in the twenty eighth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth of blefied memory, intituled. An aft agaiujt forging evidences* are impofed upon offenders therein mentioned : and that if any perfon or perfons (hall at any time forfwear him, or herfelf, before the faid regifter or his deputy, or other perfons impo were-1 by the faid former aft, or this aft for taking affidavits, in any of the cafes aforefaid, and be thereof lawfully convifted, fuch perfon or perfons fhafl incur and be liable to the fame penalties, as if the fame oath had been made in any of the courts of record in Dublin.

V.	And be it further enafted by the authority afone-faid, That the faid former aft and this prefent aft (hall be taken 'and allowed in all courts within this kingdom as pub-lick afts, and all judges, juflices, and other perfons therein concerned, are hereby required as fuch to take notice thereof witliout fpecial pleading the fame.

VI.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore-faid. That every judge and judges of affize, at every affixes in his and their circuits, and the juflices of the peace at every quarter-feflions in every county in this kingom, within the fpacc of three years from and after the royal afTent fhall be given to this aft, (hall caufe the (aid former aft and this prefent aft to be read in open court, and the fame fhall be then and there given in charge.

CHAP. XL

An Ad for the better Payment of Inland Bills of Exchange, and for making Promijj'ory Notes more obligatory.

WHEREAS great damages and other inconveniencies do frequently happen in the courfe of trade and commerce, by reafon of delap of payment, and other ne-glefts on inland bills of exchange in this kingdom: be it enafted by the Queen’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with - the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal Bill* of ex- and commons in this prefent Parliament affembled, and by freland'^Sec " of ^ authority the lame, That from and after the firft 5I. value re- day of September, which (hall be in the year of our Lord ccivcd, payable one thoufand feven hundred and nine, all and every bill or at certain time bills of exchange, drawn in or dated at and from any trad-iwrei^atC> V *n8 city or town> or any other place in this kingdom, of the fum of five pounds fieri, or upwards, upon any perfon 3	or

Digitized by CjOOQ Le

The eighth Year of Anne. , or perfons of or in Dublin, or any other trading city, town, or any other place, in which faid bill or bills of exchange fhall be acknowledged and expreffed the faid value to be received, and is and (hall be drawn payable at a certain number of day3, weeks, or months after date thereof, and from and after prefentation and acceptance of the faid bill or bills of exchange, which acceptance fhall be by the underwriting the fame under the parties hand fo accepting, and after the expiration of three days after the faid bill or bills (hall become due, the party to whom the faid bill or bills are made payable, his fervant, agent, or afligns, may and (hall caufe the faid bill or bills to be protefted by a notary publick, and in default of fuch notary publick, by any other fubrtantial perfon of the city, town or place, in the prefence of two or more credible witneffes, refufal or ne-gle& being firft made of due payment for the fame ; which protefl fhall be made and written under a fair written copy of the faid bill of exchange in the words and form following :



A. D.

1709. Chap. ll.

KNOW all men that I A. B. on the

at the ufual place of abode of the faid

have demanded payment of the bill, or acceptance of the bill, of which the above is the copy ; which the f*id	did not	pay,	or did not except;

wherefore I the faid	do	hereby	proteft

the faid bill. Dated at	this	Day	of

Which proteft fo made as aforefaid fhall within fourteen days after making thereof be fent, or othenvife due notice fhall be given thereof to the party, from whom the faid bill or bills were received, who is upon producing fuch proteft to repay the faid bill or bills, together with all intereft and charges from the day fuch bill or bills were protefted ; for which proteft fhall be paid a fum not exceeding the fum of two (hillings 5 and in default or negleA of fuch proteft made and fent, or due notice given within the days before limited, the perfon fo failing or negle&ing thereof is and fhall be liable to all cofts, damages, and interefts, which do and fhall accrue thereby.

II. Provided neverthelefs. That in cafe any fuch inland bill or bills of exchange fhall happen to be loft or mifearried within the time before limitted for payment of the fame, then the drawer of the faid bill or bills is and fhall be obliged to ^ive another bill or bills of the lame tenor with thole firft given 5 the perfon or perfons to whom they are or fhall be fo delivered giving fecurity, if demanded, to the (aid drawer to indempnify him againft all perfons whatfo-ever, in cafe the (aid bill or bills of exchange fo alledged to be loft or mifearried (hall be found again.

III. And

day of j™ of P~-

Notice in 14 days.

as. for proteft.

perfon failing, liable to cofts, &c.

If bill loft within time, drawer to give another, on iecuritv to indemnify.

Digitized by Google

Payee may proteft for non acceptance.

It. far proteft.

Acceptance to be underwritten or indorsed. '

Drawer not

to pay cofts, &c unkfo proteft made, and fent at before, or notice given.

No proteft ntceftafy, unleft value received expreffed, and for 5I.

Proteft for non-acccptaoce.

Acceptance of a bill as herein.

71* eighth Tear ef Anne.

III.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore* faid, That from the faid firft day of September in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and nine, in cafe upon prefenting any fuch inland bill or bills of exchange, the party or parties on whom the fame fhall be drawn • foall refu le to accept the fame by under-writing the fame as afore-laid, the party to whom the faid bill or bills are made payable, his Servant, agent, or affigns, may and fhall caufc the faid bill or bills to beproteflcd for non-acceptance in manner afore-mentioned j for which proteft there fhall be paid two /hillings, and no more.

IV.	Provided always. That from and after the faid firft day of September one thoufand feven hundred and nine, no acceptance of any fuch inland bill or bills of exchange (hall be fufficient to charge any perfon what foe ver, unlefs the fame be under-written or indorfed in writing thereupon, aod if fuch Wl be not accepted by fuch under-writing or indorsement in writing* 00 drawer of any fuch inland bill fhall be liable to pay any coils, damages, or intcrdl thereupon, unlefs fuch proteft be made for non-acceptance thereof, and within fourteen days after fiich proteft the fame to be lent, or otherwise notice thereof be given, to the paity, from whom fuch bill was received or left in writing at the pla ce of his or her ufual abode ; and if fuch bill be accepted and not paid before the expiration of three days after the laid bill fhall become due and payable, then no drawer of fuch bill fhall be compellable to pay any qo!ls, damages, or interefts thereupon, unlefs a proteft be made and fent, or notice thereof be given in manner and form above mentioned ; neverthdefs every drawer of fuch bill (hall be liable to mako payment of cofts, damages, and interefts upon fuch inland bill, if any one proteft be made for non-acceptance or non-payment thereof, and notice thereof be fent, given, or left as afbrefaid.

V; Provided, That no fuch proteft fhall be ncceflary either for non-acceptance or non-payment of any inland bill of exchange, uni els the value be acknowledged and ex-prefled in fuch bill to be received, and unlefs fuch bill be drawn for the payment of five pounds /tv ., or upwards, and that the proteft hereby required for the non-acceptancc fhall be made by Ihch perfons, as are appointed by this ad to proteft the fame.

VI. And be it further enaded by the authority afore* Cud, That from and after the faid firft day of September one thousand fovea huodred and nine, if any perfon doth except any fuch bill of exchange for and in fatisfa&ion of any former, debt or fum of money formerly due unto him, the fame (hall be accounted and efteemed a full and complcat payment of fuch debt, if fuch perfon accepting of any fuch bill for his debt doth not take hifcdue couxfc to. obtain payment

Digitized by v^ooQle

Ybe eighth Year of Anne.	567

ment thereof, by endeavouring to get the fame accepted A. D. and paid, and make his proteft as aforefaid either for non- 1709-acceptance or non-payment thereof.	-	Chap.	11.

VII.	Prov ided, That nothing herein contained (hall extend

to difcharge any remedy j that any perfon may have againit Not to dif-the drawer, acceptor, or indorfer of fuch bill.	a™-na

VIII.	And whereas it hath been held that notes in writ-drawer, &c. ing, figned by the party who makes the fame, whereby

, fuch paity promifes to pay* unto any other perfon, or his order, any fum of money therein mentioned, are not aflign-. able or indorfable over within the cuilom of merchants to any other perfon, and that fuch perfon, to whom the fum	*

of money mentioned in fuch note is payable, cannot maintain an a&ion by the cuftom of merchants again!! the perfon, who firft made and figned the fame; and that any perfon, to whom fuch note fhould be afligned, indorfed or	,	•

made payable, could not within the (aid cuftom of mer-	,	,

chants maintain any a&ion upon fuch note again!! the perfon who firft dr^w and ligned the fame : therefore to the in-tent to encourage trade and commerce, which will be much not^°wheran-advanced, if fuch notes (hall have the fame effed! as inland bills of exchange, and fhall be negotiated in like manner; be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That all notes in writing after the faid firft day of September in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and nine, which fhall be made and figned by any perfon or perfons, or by the fervant or agent of any banker, goldfmith, merchants, or trader, who is ufually intmfted by him, her, or them, to fign fuch promifTory notes for him, her, or them, whereby fuch perfon or perfons, his, her, or their fervant or agent as aforefaid doth or fhall promife to pay to any other •perfon or perfons, his, her, or their order, or unto bearer, any fum of money mentioned in fuch note, fhall betaken and confirmed to be by virtue thereof, due and payable to any fuch perfon or perfons, to whom the fame is made	,

payable ; and alfo every fuch note payable to any perfon or maintained ■ perfons, his, her, orvtheir order, ihall be aflign able or indorfable over, in the fame manner as inland bills of. exchange are or may be, according to the cuftom of merchants ; and that the perfon or perfons, to whom fuch fum of money is or fhall be by fuch note made payable, fhall and may maintain an a&ion for the fame, in fuch manner as he, fhe, or they might do upon any inland bill of exchange made or drawn according to the cuftom of merchants, againft the perfon or perfons who, or whofe fer- amj a$;on vant or agent as aforefaid, figned the fame ; and that any indorse againft perfon or perfons, to whom fuch note that is payable to p oiui ior or any perfon or perfons, his, her, or their order, is in lorfed ‘“io****. or aflignfd, or the money therein mentioned ordered to be

paid

1

Digitized by v^ooQle

5« .

A. D.

1709.

Plaintiff or defendant may have coda.

The eighth Year of Anne, paid by indorsement thereon, (hall and may maintain hi* her, or their adion for fuch fum of money either agakfl the perfon or perfons, who, or whofe fervant or agent as aforefaid, figned fuch note, or againfl any of the perfbm that endorfed the fame, in like manner as in cafes of inbad bills of exchange 5 and in every fuch adion the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall recover his, her, or their damages and cofti of fuit ; and if fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall be non-fuited, or a verdid be given againfl him, her, or them, the defendant or defendants (hall recover his, her, or their cofts againfl the plaintiff or plaintiffs ; and every fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs, defendant or defendants, refpe&ively recovering, may fue out execution for fuch damages and coll6 by capias, fieri facias, or etc git.

Aftionswithin	IX. And be it further enaded by the authority afore-

the limitation faid. That all and every fuch adions, fhall be commenced, the cafe byC«o	anc* brought within fuch time as is appointed for com-

C. 1. 6.	2.	mencing	or	fuing	a&ions	upon the cafe, by the ftatute

made in the tenth year of the reign of King Charles th: firfl, intituled, An ad for limitation of actions* and for avoiding ofjnits in la w.

CHAP. XIII.

t	1

An AH for Dijptl'ving the Union of the Parifhes of Tynan and Derrynoofey and far Building fevered Parifh Churches in more con venient Places in the Diocefs of Armagh.

14 & 15

a. 10.

WHEREAS purfuant to an ad of Parliament paffcd in this kingdom, in a feffion held in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of Kirtg Charles the fecond, intituled, An act for real union ana divifion f parifhes y and concerning churches, f ec-JchorA< and exchanges, the parifh and redory of Derrynoofe in the diocefs of Armagh is united in perpetuity to the parifh and redofy of Tynan in the faid diocefs; and the faid parifhes and redories of Derrynoofe and Tynan are made and conflituted one intire redory and parifh, by and underlie name of theredoryand parifh of Tynan : and whneas by the late increafe of proteftant inhabitants in the faid united parifhes of Tynan and Derrynoofe the cure is become too great to be difeharged by one mi-niiler, and the parochial church of the faid united parifhes is not large enough for the convenient accommodation of the parifhioners of the faid united parifhes to hear divine fervice, and perform religious duties in ; as alfo for that moil part of the faid late parifh of Derrynoofe iieth at too great adiftauce from the parochial church of the laid united

parifhei:

Digitized by CjOOQle

7 he eighth Year of Anne, parilhcs; for remedy therefore of the (aid inconveniences, and to the end that the cure of the fouls of the inhabitants of the faid united pariflies may be better attended and taken care of, than the fame can be by one perfon, and the inhabitants of the faid united, pariflies be encouraged by the accommodation they will have for the worihip of God in publick, frequently and conftantly to refort and repair to their fevcral parilh churches for the due performance of religious duties : be it ena&ed by the Queen’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent parliament afTembled, and by the authority of the fame, That Unjon of from and after the. twenty ninth day of September onc parilh^of Ty-thoufand feven hundred and nine, the faid union of the faid nan and Derry, pariflies of Derrynoofe and Tynan be null and void, and the noofc in Armagh fame is hereby declared to be null and void to all intents and diocefe purpofes whatfoever ; and the faid parities of Tynan and f^dWftau^\>g Derrynoofe arc and fhall for ever thereafter be deemed, elleemed, and taken, as two diftind pariflies, and be divided and feparated in fuch manner, and by fuch mears and bounds, as they were before they were united as aforefaid, and each of them (hall be feparate and independent from the other, and (hall each of them by it fdf have all parochial rights and privileges as feparate and diftind pariflies; any thing in the faid a& of Parliament, or the laid union, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

II. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- Eachparifhta faid. That there (hall be for each of the faid pariflies a fe- haTC * fcverai veral parochial church, and a re&or ot minifter, feveral and independant from the other, and conftant and perpetual fuc-	*

ceeding re&ors or minifters there for ever, who (hall each of them have refpe&ively the cure of fouls in the (aid re-fpe&ive pariflies, and have, enjoy and receive from the inhabitants of their faid refpe&ive pariflies all fuch tythes, oblations, obventions, Eafter dues, and other duties, rates, alTeffments, or taxations as arife, grow, or renew, within the faid refpedive pariflies, and are due and of right'ought to be paid to the re&ors or minifters >f fuch panflies, and that there fhall be for each of the faid pariflies church-war-dens, a parifli clerk, and other ufual parifli officers in fuc-ceffion for ever, who (hall perform the feveral and refpec-tive parifh-dutie8 belonging to their refpedive offices, and have and receive the feveral and refpe&ive profits, benefits, advantages, and privileges, ufually enjoyed with and of right belonging to fuch refpedive offices in pariflies; and alfo that all the parifliioners, inhabitants, and others of the faid refpedive pariflies fhall feparately pay all parifli-charges, adTcffments, and other duties, in fuch manner as they fhould

or

Digitized by L^ooQle

5;b	*	ffc	eighth Tear of Anne.

A. D. or ought to Rive done, in cafe the faid union had never 1709.	been made: and alfo that the minifter or re&or, and pa-

Chap. 13. rifhionere of each of the laid parifhes, (hall and may hold veftries, and mate rules and orders for the regulation and ordering of their refpe&ive parifhes, and for the reparations of the (aid parifh churches from time to time, and of alT other matters incident to pariffttft, as any other parifhes may or can do ; which rules and orders fo to be made (hall have the fame force and effe& in law, as rules and orders by them made before the faid union, and no greater or other.

Patronage tad I ft. And be it Anther ena&ed by the authority aforc-collation to find, That the right, of patronage of the faid feveral rec-hhtDogr^ t0”*8* and of comtiort to the faid churches on the prefent Armagh. avoidance of the faid chtirch of Derrynoofe, and the avoidance of each of the foid' churches of Tynan and Derry noofe refpe&ively by the death, ceflion, or removal of the re-fpc&ive incumbents thereof, (hall belong unto his. grace' the lord archbifhop of Armagh and his fucceflors for ever, in foch manner as it did before the making the laid union, and not otherwife.

Archbifhop IV. And whereas the ancient parifh-church of Derry-*“drc/toro, rtoofe is very inconveniently fituated, and in a ruinous con-tonSu^t volhy dition ; be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefoid, may l>uild a That it fhaB and may be lawful to and for the archbifhop church.	of Armagh; and the rector of the faid parifh of Derry-

iloofc for the time being, with the confent of the churchwardens and the major part of the inhabitants thereof, at a veftry to be held in fome convenient place in the faid parifh, within four days after publick notice be given thereof for that purpole to' all the parifhioners by writing Under the hand of the faid archbifhop of Armagh, to build a* new church in fome more convenient place in the The Undcon- Parilh aa they (hall think fit, the land for the church veyed by pro- and church-yard being fiHt conveyed by the proprietor of priccor (not ftidi plate ta the re&or or minifter of the faid parifh and and^half) ^is ^ucce^or3 ^or ever > that it (hall and may be lawful redor* and°his ^°r ^ch proprietor, and he or fhe is hereby enabled, to fucccffois. ftt out, grant and convey a fufficient parcel of ground, not exceeding One acre and a half of plantation meafure, to the re&or or minifter of the fold parifh and his fucceflors, in trilft and for the ufe of the fold parifh, who is hereby enabled to take and receive a grant of the fafiie to him and his ftiCceflbrs, for ever, any fettfcnjent, law, or a& of Parliament to the contrary hereof in any wife notwith-If in three (landing: and if the church-wardens and major part of year^a place not the parifhioners {hall not within the fpace of three years agreed on, arch- after the firft day df November one** thoufand foven hun-

pohuVs°hwein drfcd and nine agree upon fome place to build the faid r	church

Digitized by v^ooQle

Yhe eighth Year 0/ Anne.

S7l

ohurch on, the arcbbifhop of the diocefs for the time be*

ing, with the confent* of the proprietor of the land where

the faid church is to be built on, fhmll appoint a place Chap. i£«’

for building the faid church in the faid parilh in the centre

of the faid parilh, or as near thereunto as conveniently may

be ; the datute of mortmain, or any ad of Parliament,

law, or fettkment, to the contrary hereof in any wife not-

withilanding: and the (aid church, when built and confe-

crated, fhall for ever remain, be deemed and reputed, the

true and only parilh church of the faid parilh of Derry-

noofe to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

V. And whereas the parilh-church of Killevy in the Ncwchorch faid diocefs of Armagh is very inconveniently fituated^ to be built in and very remote from the inhabitants of the faid parilh : Killevy parilfi be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, I*1*11 ^ co°*' That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the redor or lcnt* incumbent, and church-wardens of the faid parilh for the time being, by and with the confent and approbation of the archbilhop of Armagh for. the time being under his hand and feal, and by tne confent of the major part of inhabitants thereof afTembied at a veilry to be held for that purpofe, to build a new churoh in fome more convenient place in the faid parilh, as they fhall think lit; the lands on which fuch church fhall he built, with a convenient church-yard, being firft conveyed by the proprietor thereof to the redor or incumbent of the faid parilh and his fucceflors for ever; and that it lhall and may be lawful for the faid proprietor to convey and grant any quantity of land not exceeding one acre and half of plantation meafuxe; and the faid redor or incumbent is hereby enabled to take and receive fuch grant of fuch land for the ufe aforefaid ; the ftatute of mortmain, or any ad of Parliament, law, or Settlement, to the contrary hereof in any wife notwith-Handing : and the faid church when built and confecrated,

(hall for ever remain, and be deemed and reputed, the true and only parilh-church of the laid parilh of Killevy to all intents and purpofes whatfoever.

VI.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore- Territory of faid. That the pnreind or territory of Tartaraghan in the Tartaiaghsn inv county of Armagh fhall from and after the firft day of	madc

November in this prefent year of our Lord one thoufand a Pan,n»

{even hundred and nine for ever he a parilh, by the name

of the parilh of Tartaraghan ; and that there lhall be for with a re&or

t&e faid parilh a redor, church-wardens, a parilh-clerk, *nd °lual °f-

and other ufual officers in fucceffion for ever, who lhall ccr*:

perform the feveral and refpedive parilh duties belonging

to their refpedive offices, and lhall have and receive

the profits, benefits* priviledges* and advantages, ufually*

enjoyed

Digitized by L-ooQle

And » church built with like •anient, tsV.

Propraetor to convey not above * acres.

Alexander Shand the firft rsftor.

Subje A to vifiution :

Power to hold vcftiit*.

The eighth Year of Anne. „ enjoyed with and of right belonging to fuch parilhes.

VII. And be it further enafted by the authority afore-fnid, That it lhall and may be lawful to and for the lord archbiihop of Armagh for'the time being, with the con-fent of the church-wardens and major part of the inhabitants of the faid parilh in writing under their hands, at a veftry to be held within four days after ptiblick notice thereof given for that purpofe, to build a new church in the centre of the (aid parilh, or as near thereunto as conveniently may be; the land for the church and churchyard being firft conveyed by the proprietor of fuch place to the reftor or incumbent of the faid parilh, and to his fuc-ceflors for ever: and that it lhall and may be lawful to and for any proprietor of lands within the faid parilh, pre-cinft, or territory of Tartaraghan, to grant and convey to the reftor or incumbent of the faid parilh, and to his fuc-ceffors for ever, fufheient ground, not exceeding two acres of plantation meafure, for building and making a church and church-yard; the faid grant and conveyance to be in truft for, and for the benefit of, the inhabitants of the foid parilh ; and the faid reftor or incumbent is hereby enabled to take fuch grant or conveyance, the ftatute of mortmain, or any other aft of Parliament, law, or fettle-ment, to the contrary thereof notwithftanding : and the faid church, when built and confecrated, lhall be called, reputed, and remain the parifh-church of the faid parilh of Tartaraghan for ever; and that the faid church lhall be built at the charge of fuch parilhioners on fuch convenient part of the faid land, fo to be purchafed, as the foid reftor, church-wardens, and major part of the inhabitants of the faid parilh of Tartaraghan, affembled in veftry, IhaJl by writing under their hands appoint and dirtft.

'VIII. And be it further enafted by the authority afore-faid, That Alexander Shand clerk lhall be the firft reftor of the faid reftory or parilh of Tartaraghan ; which laid reftor and his fucceffors lhall be fubjeft to the vifitatioo and power of the ordinary of the diocefs of ^rmagh, and of fuch canons, rules, and laws, ecclefiaftical, as other reftors or parilh-churches ufually are, and of right ought to be, fubjeft and liable unto : and alfo that the fold rector, and pariftiioners of the foid parilh, lhall and may hold vdtries, and make rules and orders for the regulation and ordering of the faid parilh, and for the reparations of the laid parilh-church from time to time, and of all other matters incident to parilhes, and in fuch manner, as any other parilh may or can do; which rules and orders fo to be made lhall have the fame force and effeft in law, as rules and orders made in other parilhes have or ought to have.

IX. And

Digitized by LjOOQle

The eighth Tear of Anne*	573

TX. And whereas Francis Obre of Clantlew in the county A. D. of Armagh gentleman by his deed, bearing date the fix- 1709. tcenth day of June one thoufand fix hundred and ninety Chap. 13.

eight, for the confiderations therein mentioned, and in order *-------

to have the cure of tne faid precin& or territory of Tarta-^ Tithes, &c. reghan duly ferved, did grant and convey unto the moft1|pu,tc.d .reverend father in God Michael late lord Archbiihop o^^Sedin faid Armagh, and to his fuccefiors for ever, to be employed to re&or and hi* the fervice of the cure of fouls in the faid precinft or terri- fiacceiTors. tory, all and fingular the tithes great and fmall, and other ecclefiaftical dues, of the feveral town-lands of Clantlew,

Breagh, Eglilh, Bullinery, Derrilee, Taghloge, Derriagh, and Derryene, lying and being in the faid precin& or territory, and belonging to him the faid Francis Obre, and of all other lands he had in the faid precin& or territory : may it pleafe your moft excellent Majefty; at the humble requeft of the moft reverend father in God Narciflus lord arch-bilhop of Armagh, primate and metropolitan of all Ireland, that it may be ena&ed. and be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That all and fingular the faid laft mentioned tythes and other ecclefiaftical dues, fo conveyed to the faid late archbiihop, fhall be, and the fame are hereby veiled in the re&or of the faid pariih-church of T artaraghan and his fuc-ceiTors, to the ufe of the faid re&or and his fuccefiors for ever.

X.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. And alfo

at the humble requeft of the right honourable William lord tithes belonging

vifeount Charlemont, and of Arthur Brownlow of Lurgao in tolord Charle-

the county of Armagh efqrnre, that all and fingular the

tytlies great and fmal!, and all other ecclefiaftical dues

being, arifing, and renewing in the faid precin& or

territory of Tartaraghan, whereof the faid William lord

vifeount-Charlemount and Arthur Brownlow, or either of

them, are or is feized, poiTeiTed, or intituled unto, (hall be,

and the fame are hereby veiled in the re&or of the faid

pariih-church of Tartaraghan and his fuccefiors, to the ufe

of the faid re&or and his fuccefiors for ever; the ftatute of

mortmain, or any other a& of Parliament, law, or any deed

or fettlement made by the faid lord vifeount Charlemont or

Arthur Brownlow, or any of their or either of their ancef-

tors, to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, prcfentation That the right of patronage of the re&ory of Tartaraghan, thereto veiled in and of prelentation to the fame on the avoidance thereof, lord Charle-(hall belong unto and be veiled in the faid William lord vif- monefor two count Charlemont and his heirs for the two firft turn , and in turn*’

the faid Francis Obre during his life, for a third turn, and after the deceafe of the faid Francis Obre the right of patro- tll*rd h» nage and collation to the faid re&ory fhall belong unto and be veiled in the faid archbiihop of Armagh and his fuccefiors for afterwards in the faid third turn, then on the avoidance thereof, the right of archbiihop,

patronage

Digitized by v^ooQle

Tie eighth 2~tmr ef Anoe.

patronage and presentation (hall belong unto and be ?dW to the faid Arthur Browniow and his heirs for another ton, and To by defcent and in fuccefton refpedively for ever.

XlL Aad wbtwaa the parifh charch of Arboe in the (aid diocefs of Armagh is inconvemeBtly tamed, aad remote Browolow, and from the proteftant inhabitants and center of the fa&fKrih. *>*"* ilk a,u* frequently inacceifible : be it further enabled by da cJwdTt^ E* authority afore faid, That it fhall and may be lawful to tad built in Arboe. f°r the redor or incumbent and church-wardens of the hid parifh for the time being, by and with the ccnfent and approbation of the archbifhop of Armagh fbr^he time being, and patrons of the faid parifh-church, under their hands and fe&is refpedively, and by the confcnt of the major pan of tK inhabitants thereof in writing under their hands, at a vdtry to be held within four days after public notice given thereof for that purpofe to all the parifhioners by writing under the hand of the faid archbifhop, to build a new church on the lands of Aghacollum, belonging to the redor of the faid parifh of Arboe, near the center of the faid parifh, or h luch other more convenient place in the faid parifh, as they fhall think fit; fuch part of the faid land of AghacoUum being firft fet out by the faid redor, or fuch other laud cm which fuch chorch fhall be intended to be built, with a convenient church yard, being firft conveyed by the proprietor thereof to the faid redor or incumbent, and his foccdTors for ever.

XIII.	And in cafe it fhall not be thought convenient by the lord arthbilhap, redor, church-wardens, and major part of the inhabitants to boild the faid church on the faid land of Aghacollum ; be it farther enaded by the authority aforc-faid. That it fhall and may be lawful for any other proprietor of land within the faid parifh, and his heirs, to convey to the faid redor or incumbent, and his fucceffors for ever, to and for the ufes and purpofes herein laft mentioned, aay quantity of land not exceeding one plantation acre; and that it fhall and may be lawful to and for fuch perfons to take a grant thereof; the ftatute of mortmain, or any ad of Parliament, law, or fectlement, to the contrary hereof in any wife notwith(landing : and the faid church, when built and confecrated, fhall far ever remain, and be deemed and reputed the true and only parifh- church of the faid parifh of Arboe, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever.

XIV.	And to the intent that the faid feveral churches rosy be built, be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

Moner to be That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the feveral rec-applottedat vtf- tors> church-wardens, and major part of the inhabitants of veTal parifhea* the ^evcral parifhes refpedively at the refpedive vet forfcidpurpofes. tries, to be held in the (aid parifhes refpedively, to applet and cefs fuch reaionable fums on the feveral inhabitants thereof refpedively, as they fhall think ocoeiary for the

feveral

Digitized by LjOOQ le

The eighth Yepr of Anne.	{75

feveral purpofes aforefaid, to be recovered as ceffes for re- A* D. paraiion of churches in this kingdom are ufually : favine *709* to the Queen’s mod excellent Majefty, her )>eirs an^ fuccef-Tors, and to all bodies politick and corporate, and all other Saving the perfons whatfoever, except the faid lord vifcount Char)e-	ot,lcrt*

mont, the faid Arthur Brownlow, and the faid Francis Obre, and their heirs, and all perfons claiming any right, title, or intereft, by vertue of or under any fettlement or deed made by the faid lord vifcount Charlemont or Arthur Brownlow, their, or either of their anceftors, all fuch right, title, claim, or demand, which they or any of ihem may have to the faid tithes or ecclehaftical dues, as if this aft had not been made.

XV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That this aft fball be taken and deemed a public general	'

aft by all perfons whatfoever, and as fuch (hall pafs withqut payment of any fees -whatfoever.

The ninth Year of ANNE.

CHAP. VI.

An Ad for taking away the Benefit of Clergy in certain Cafes; andfor taking away the Book in all Cafes ; and for repealing Part of the Statute for tranfporting Felons.

A. D. 1710,

FORASMUCH as when any perfon is convifted for any felony within the benefit of clergy, upon his prayer to have the benefit thereof allowed to him, it hath been ac-cuftomed to adminifter a book to him, to try whether he can read as a clerk; which by experience is found to be of no ufe: be it therefore enafted by the Queen’s rood excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confcnt of the lords fpiiitual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament alfem-bled, and by the authority of the lame, That from and after ' cPn';ic^ °f the laft day of September in this prefent year one thoaland cVrgy allowed, feven hundred and ten, if any perfon be convifted of any uot required to * fuch felony, for which he ought to have the benefit of his read, clergy, and (hall pray to have the benefit of this aft, he (hall not be required to read ; but without any reading (hall be allowed, taken, and reputed to b ■ and punithed as a clerk convift, which (hall be as effectual to ail intents and purposes, and be as advantageous to him, as if he had read as a clerk; any other law or ftatute to the contrary notwithlland-ing.

1L And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

That if any perfon or perfons (hall after the faid laft day of.

September unlawfully have carnal knowledge of any female u,,fcrtwelve* * ftrild under the age of twelve years, though with her confent, though with * every fuch faft (hall be deemed and taken to be felony ; and content, felony the offenders therein being duly convifted, (hall fuffer as a without clergy.

felon.

Digitized by CjOoq le

57«

A. D.

Tbi ninth Year of Anne, felon, without having the benefit of the clergy, or of this

1710. ad.

Chap. 6. III. And be it farther enaded by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon (hall after the (aid la (I day of Septem-Stealing ber deal, or felonioufly take away any goods of the value goods valoe $t. of five (hillings, or more, out of any dweliing-houfe or hoofcf ^cUing" lhop, or out of any (table or coach-houfe, or booth in any booth’ Ac’ or or mar^et* or privily and fecretly from the perfon of any privily from man or woman; or (hall feloniouily (teal any cow or cows, the perfon, or bull or bolls, ox or oxen, or any fleer or fleers, heifer or rows, Ac. heifers, calf or calves, or any (heep or lambs, above the va-bo- *ue onc	an^	bci°£	indi&ed or appealed thereof,

fbro and after, (ball be thereupon found guilty by verditf of twelve men, oafted of der- or (hall confefs the fame on his, her, or their arraignment, gy. Altered or will not anfwer diredly according to the laws of this *3 and 24 O. 3. kingdom, or (hall wilfully or of malice (land mute, or (hall c* 45'	peremptorily challenge above the number of twenty jurors,

or (hall be outlawed on the fame indi&ment, and alfo all and

every perfon and perfons who (hall be acceflary before or after to any of the aforefaid refpeftive fads, they and every theaforefaid refpedive criminals (hall receive judgment, and fuffer the pains of death, without any allowance or benefit of the clergy, or of this ad ; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwith(landing.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That where any perfon or perfons after the faid laft day of September in this prefent year of our Lord one thoufand feveh hundred and ten (hall be lawfully Convidf of	of	dealing	of cows, bulls, oxen, deers, or

dealing cows, heifers, not exceeding the number of two, or of the fteal-&o not above ing of calves, (heep or lambs, not exceeding the number two, or calves, of ten, on all the indidments that (hall be preferred againft Ac. not above fuch	or	perfons at one and the fame affizes or feffions

laments n”1* °ycr Terminer, or goal delivery, or in the fame fame attires, if term in her Majefty's court of Queen's-bench, that in cafe on application the juftice or jutlices before whom fuch perfon or perfons of grand, jury (hall be convid, (hall, upon the application of the gTand

rourfob'ed of jQr>r	count7 11 l^c ^al<^ term, afiizes, or feffions, by

mercy, lumed presentment in writing for that purpofe, think him or them in hand only, fit obje&s of mercy, that then and in fuch cafe he, (he, or and enlarged or they, that (hall be fo convid, (hall be burned in the hand detained in pri- on|y . an<( after fucj| burning in the hand fuch perfon and a^car* a VC Pertons (bail be forthwith enlarged and delivered out of pri*

7	fon, unlefs fuch juftice or judices (hall for further correction

think it convenient to detain him, her, or them in prifon for fome long*r time ; which fuch juftice or juftices, by role of court or warrant under his or their hands, are hereby im-powered to do, not exceeding one year's imprifonment; any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary notwiftanding.

V. And

Digitized by V^OOQle

On convi&i-

Tbe ninth Tear of Anne;

V.	And fbrafmuch as fuch men who have ortdc Jiad the benefit of clergy, and fuch women as once had the benefit of the ftatute made in the ninth year of the reign of'King William, intituled. An aft for taking away the benefit of clergy in fome cafes, may happen to be indidted for an offence , eommirted afterwards : be it enadled by the authority afore-Taid, That the clerk of the eroWn, or cjefks of the peace, or their deputies then officiating where fuch men or women clerk of have been or (hall be convidted, lhall* at the prayer of any crown or peace, perfon on her Majefty’s behalf, certifie a tranfeript, briefly	(hall

containing the effedl of any indidlment and convidlion of certify former fiich men or women, and of their having had the benefit of convidion, and clergy, or of the faid former ftatute, or of this ftatute ; and haying had be-ttlfo (hall certifie the addition of every fuch perfon or per-Tons, and the certainty of the felony and convidlion to the which fufficieut juftice or juftices of fuch county* where fuch man or woman proof thereof, lliall be indidled ; which certificate being produced in court, fhall be a fufficient proof that fuch perfons were formerly con vidled of the offences therein mentioned, and that they have already had the benefit of clergy, or of this or the faid former ftatute, in the fame manner as if the record were produced.

VI.	Provided always* and be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That no perfon whatfoever, who hath had the benefit of clergy allowed him, (hall have the benefit of this adl for any felony whatfoever by hint committed fined	.

his having had the benefit of clergy as aforefaid ; and that Benefit of thil no perfon whatfoever (hall be allowed or intituled to the onc^ w -benefit of this adl more than once, but (hall for any felony, by him committed after being showed-the benefit thereof, be utterly debarred from having > the benefit of the fame again.	'	\	.

VIL And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid.

That no woman, who hath heretofore been or hereafter Women to (hall be convidl of felony, or who hath had or hereafter have the benefit (hall have the benefit of the faid adl made in the ninth 9 Wit. 3. 7* year of the reign of King William, intituled. An aft for-	oncc*

taking away the benefit of clergy in fome cafesi (hall be intituled to demand or receive the benefit of the faid lalt menti-	^

oned adl again* but (hall fuffer fuch pains and penalties, as (he would have been liable unto* if the faid adl had not been made.

VIII.	And whereas one adl of Parliament made in thd fecond year of the reign of our fovereign lady Queen Anne (whom God long preferve^) intituled. An aftforibe reviving; an aft for taking away the benefit of clergy in fome cafes, and a Aunt 1 £. for tranfporting felons f has been found by experience to be repealed, ex-inconvenient, and in fome cafes impracticable : therefore ccPt **to trzt& be it enadled by the authority aforefaid. That the faid laft ^bourers of mentioned adl, and all and every daufe* article, and fen- tories pcockim-Vol. II.	Q	9	tence	W.

it •

Digitized by Google

5?*	'The ninth Ytmr of Anne.

A. D. tence therein contained be repealed, except the claofe and 1^10. claufes relating to the tranfportation of perfons convi&ed U	for concealing, fuccouring, abetting, or harbouring an?

tory, robber, or rapparee, who is prefented as fuch ami proclaimed.

IX.	And be it farther enabled by the Authority afbre&id, tVitndTe* for That from and after the faid laft day of September in this prifoncr on prefent year one thoufand feven hundred and ten, all and murder or fe- cvcry pcrfon and perfons, who fhall be produced or appear orTLth Mthoft a8 a w^tnc^s on behalf of the prifoner upon any trraJ for the crown, for murder or felony, before he or (he be admitted to give and punifhable any manner of evidence, (hall firft take an oath to depofe ffcr perjury. the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, in fuch manner as the witnefles for the Queen are by law obliged to do : and if any witnef* be convifted of wilfui perjury in fuch evidence, he (hall fuffer all the puni foments, penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities, which by any of the laws and ftatutes of this realm are or may be infli&ed oh- perfons convifted of wilful perjury.

CHAP. VII.

An aft for amending and making perpetual an &3, intitule!. An Aft to prohibit butchers from being graziers and to redrefs feveral abufes In buying and felling of cattle, and in the (laughtering and packing of beef, tallow, and hides.

WHEREAS in the firft fe&on of this prefent Parliament, begun and held at Dublin the one and twentieth day of September, Anno Domini one thoufand feven ± Anno 15. hundred and three, in the fecond year of the reign of oar moil gracious fovereign lady Queen Anne, an aft was made, intituled, An a£i to prohibit butchers from being graziers, and to redrefs federal abufes in buying and felling cattle, and the faugh taring, and packing of beef tallow, and bides * which aft by experience hath been found to be in the moft parts of it a good and profitable law in this kingdom, and is fit to be continued and made perpetual; but by the faid ad there is no provifion made to prevent butchers, and other Jjerfons imployed by them, who daughter cattle for exportation, from cutting away the cods and fhifts from fuch cattle, being much praftifed by them at fuch time when the tallow is at a higher rate than the beef { which evil pra&icc greatly defaces the beef, debates the tallow, and brings a ' great difreputation upon xhofe commodities in foreign markets : for remedy whereof be it enafted by the Queen’i moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefeut Parliament afltmbled, and by authority of the fame,

That



Digitized by LjOoq le

The ninth Tear of Anne.	5	>	9

That every butcher or other perfon imployed by thgtn, who A. D. fhall kill or (laughter any cattle to be faked, packed, or 1710. barrelled, for ana by way of merchandize to be tranfported beyond the feas, (hall leave the cods and fhifts with fuch The cods and cattle, and not cut the fame away ; and that if any butcher,	ca“lc

or other perfon imployed by them to kill or (laughter any tran%ortarionr cattle as aforefaid, (hall, at any time from and after the tenth not tj> bc cut day of September one thoufand feven hundred and ten, of- away, fend by cutting away the cods and fhifts from any fuch cattle, he or they fo offending, and being convi&upon oath Penalty 20s. of the faid offence, before one or more of her Majefty’s ju it ices of the peace, or chief magiftrate of any corporation, by one or more witnelTes ; which oath the laid juftice or juftices, or chief magiftrate, are hereby impowered and are required to adminifter, or upon confdfion of the offender or offenders before fuch juftice or juftices, or chief magiftrate, the faid party or parties fo offending (hall forfeit for every fuch offence the fum of twenty (hillingsfterling, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offenders goods and chattels, the overpips to be reftored after all charges of the faid diftrefs defrayed ; the one moiety thereof to be to the party informing, and the other moiety to the ufe of the poor of the p&riih where fuch offence (hall be committed ; and every conftable of the parifti, or chief conftable of the barony, where fuch offence (hall be committed, are hereby authorized and required to levy the fame accordingly by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch juftice or juftices, or chief magiftrate ; and in cafe fuch offender or offenders (hall not have goods and chattels fuflicient for the levying of the faid penalty, that then it (hall and may be lawful for the juftice or juftices, or chief magiftrate, before whom fuch con vision (hall be # made, by warrant under his or their hand and feal to ap-	of

point fuch offender or offenders to be publickly whipt ^pped? through fuch corporation or next market town on the next market day immediately following.

II.	And be it further enatted by the authority afbrefaid.

That the faid A St to prohibit butchers from being graziers,	% Ann*	15.

and to redrefs feveral abufes in buying and felling of cattle, madf perpetual. and in the Jlaughtering and facking tf beef tallow, and hides \ and all claufes, provifions, and articles therein contained, (hall continue and endure in force for ever.

CHAP. VII I.

An A3 for the better fecuring of Rents, and to prevent Frauds s	committed	by	Tenants.

FOR the more eafie and effe&ual recovery of rents referv-ed on leai'es for life or lives, term of years, at will, or oOicrwife > be.it ena&ed by the Queen’s mod excellent Ma-O02	jefty.

Digitized by L^OOQie

lord's rent, not exceeding one year, paid.

The ninth Tear A fine, jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpi-ritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament affemblcd, and by authority of the fame. That from and after the twenty-ninth day of September in the year of &> goods to our Lord God one thoufand feven hundred and ten no goods be taken in exe ^ chattels whatfoever lying or being in or upon any mef. Oition till land- fuagC> Jan<ls> or tenements, which are or (hall be leafed for life or lives, term of years, at will, or otherwife, (hall be liable to be taken by virtue of any execution or foreign attachment, jufticits or diftringas, on any pretence whatfoever, unlefs the party, at whole fait the (aid execution or foreign attachment, jufticies or diftringas, iffued out, before the removal of fuch goods from off the faid premises, by virtue of fuch foreign attachment, execution, or extent, jufticits or diftringas, pays to the landlord of the faid premises, or his bailiff, all fuch fum and Aims of money as are or (hall be due for rent for the faid premiffes, at the time of the taking fuch goods or chattels by virtue of furh foreign attachment, execution, extent, jufticies or diftringas, provided the faid arrears of rent do not amount to more than one year’s rent; and in cafe the faid arrears (hall exceed one year’s rent, then the faid part)', at whole fait fuch execution or foreign attachment, jufticits or diftringas is fued out, paying the faid landlord or his bailiff one year’s rent, may proceed to execute his judgment or foreign attachment, * jufticies or diftringas, as he might have done before the making of this aS x and the Iheriff or other officer is hereby impowered and required to levy and pay to the plaintifft the monies fo paid for rent.

Landlord or II* Provided always. That fuch landlord, or his agent, do 10 make and produce an affidavit in writing (if thereto reqair-aricar^if xe- * ec* ^y the plaintiff in fuch a&ion or execution, or his agent)

that fuch arrear of rent is reallffcud benafide due to fuch landlord or leffor; which oath the (heriff or fub-fheriff, or any juflicq of peace, or other magiftrate, are hereby iropowered to adminifter.

111. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, ltYtul That in cafe any leffee for life or lives, term of years, at diftich, land-	or	otherwife, or their affignees, of any meffuage,

lord in $ days lands, or tenements, upon the demife whereof any rents are after may feife or (hall be referved or made payable, (hall from and after and difpofe the fayj twenty ninth day of September fraudulently or clan-dittramecTon deftinely convey or carry off or from fuch demifed premiffes his goods or chatties, with intent to prevent the landlord or leffor from draining the fapie for arrears of Aich rentfo referved as aforefaid, it lhall and may be lawful to and for fuch leffor or landlord, or any perfon or perfons by him for that purpofo lawfully impowered, within the fpace of five days next enfuing fuch conveying away or carrying off fuch goods or chattels as aforefaid, to take and fetze fuch poods and chattels wherever the fame (hall be found, as a diilrefs

for

quired.

Leffee eon-▼eying my goods to prevent

the j remifes. 15 G. a. 8.

Digitized by Google

A. D.

1710. Chap. 8.

But good*

The ninth Tear of Anne.	,581

for the faid arrear of fuch rent, ana the fame to Tell or other-wife difpofe of in fuch manner, as if the faid goods and chattels had been aftually diilrained by fuch leflor or landlord in and upon fuch demifed premifles for fuch arrear of rent; any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary in any wife not-withftanding.

IV.	Provided neverthelefs, That nothing in this aft con-

tained (hall extend or be conllrued to extend to impower fuch Ieflor or landlord to take or feize any goods or chattels in anyplace, but on the demifed premises, as a dill refs for	fold	can

arrears of rent, which (hall be fold bona fide, and for a va- onJy he feifed a* luable confideration, before fuch feizure made ; any thing premises.011 c herein contained to the contrary not with (landing,

V.	And whereas no aftion of debt lies againft a lefTee for life or lives, his or their aflignee or aflignees, for any arrears of rent, during the continuance of fuch life or lives: be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That from and after the faid twenty ninth day of September it (hall and may be lawful for any perfon or perfons, having

any rent in arrear or due upon any leafe or demife for life for\cnt on^eafj or lives, to bring an aftion or aftions of debt for fuch fcr ufc as wcn arrears of rent, in the fame manner as they might have as on leafe for done in cafe fuch rent were due and referred upon a leafe years, for years.

VI.	And be it further enafted and declared by the au-	_

thorny aforefaid. That all diftrefles hereby impowered to 11*^ to fuch ** be made (hall be liable to fuch Tales, and in fuch manner, faics> &c. as difc and the money ariling by fuch fales to be dillributed in like trefles for rent, manner, asdiitreflfes for rent.

VII.	Whereas alfo leffees for life or lives, or for years, pr

jat will, frequently hold over the faid lands and tenements . A^je^feira"

demifed after the determination of fuch leafes; and whereas	be

after the determination of fuch leafes, or any other leafes, for arrears,

no diftrefs can by law be made for any arrears of rent that

grew due on fuch refpeftive leafes before the determination

thereof: be it hereby further enafted, That from and after

the twenty ninth day of September one thoufand feven

hundred and ten, it ihall and may be lawful for any perfon

or perfons having any rent in arrear, or due upon any leafe

for life or lives, or for years, or at will, ended or determined,

to diftrain for fuch arrears after the determination of the

(aid refpeftive leafes, in the fame manner as they might have

done, if fuch leafe or leafes had not been ended or determin- ^	,*n	5

e I; provided that fuch diftrefs be made within the fpace of months, and

fixcilendar months after the determination of fuch leafe, and during land.

during tne continuance of fuch landlord’* title or intereft, and ^anVs^

during the polfeflion of the tenant, or thole claiming under ™n 4P° c

him, from whom fuch arrears became due.

■ VIII. Provided always, and be it hereby enafted and declared, That nothing in this aft contained (hall extend, or Not to hinder be conftrued to extend, to let, hinder, or prejudice her Ma- the Que«n from

jetty.

Digitized by

5^2	The	ninth	Tear of Anne.

A. D.	jefty, her heirs or fuccefTors, in the levying, recovering or

1710.	feizin^ any debts, fines, penalties or forfeitures, that arc or

fhall be due, payable, or anfwerable to her Majefty, her levying debt*,	heirs or fucceflors ; but that it fhall and may be lawful for

fines. See.	her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflors, to levy, recover, and

feize fuch debts, fines, penalties and forfeitures, in the fame manner as if this a& had never been made ; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

CHAP. Xf.

An AS to prevent the Maiming of Cattle.

1

Recital of 7.	^	® R E,A S by an a& of Parliament made in this

Will. 3. 11. VV kingdom in the feventh year of his late Majefty, King Williajn the third of glorious memory, intituled. An aB for the better fupprejing torus, robbers, and rapparees, and for preventing burglaries, and ether hel::cus crimes, it is among other things enabled, “ Iftiat in all “ cafes, where the damages do not exceed ten pounds €t fterlingy the inhabitants of the barony and franchifcs ** within the precindts thereof, where fuch fafts are com-t€ mitted, and not the inhabitants of the county at laige, ** lhall make fatlsfadlion and amends, in fi^ch manner, and Baronte* of “ with fuch diftin&ion, as in thd faid adl is cxprefTed ; an<\ Mocltiilin, Bab gt where the damages do exceed the fum often pounds Kndimth and «« fierling, the inhabitants of the county at large fhall make F^fs in^ahvay “ fe^sfaftion *n f°ch manner and with fuch diftmdVion as inhabited by " aforefaid and whereas the baronies of Muckillin and barbarous peo- Ballinahinch, and the half barony of Rofs in the county of pie confederated Gallway, part of a territory, commonly called the terri-

de^&c^ ***" t0r^ ^rcconnouS^t’ arc f°r l^e mo^ Part inhabited by c c*	people of a barbarous difpofition, and not amenable to the

laws, who have confederated to drftroy th- entile of al! fuch jperfons, who fhall poflefs and Y >X hi faros arty lands in’the laid baronies, who are na: ancient mhabitants and native* thereof; and in purfuance orthc faid ccvf? Jersey hate within a fhorttime iafely deftroyed by maiming,* houghing, anddriv-iag down precipices, great numbers of cattle belonging to perform, who inhabit otaer patts of the C.U county, * wno were poflhfitd of land and flock Within the faid baronies, or fome? one or more of them, the making amends and fatisfaflioa for fuch cattle,'fo deftroyed According to the fif'd ad, liatli been very grievous and chargeable to the Inhabitants ofthe faid county at large, and may probably be a greater burthen for the time to come, urilefs fome effectual remedy be provided againft the faid evil pra&ices: for remedy thereof, be iren^fled by the Qheen’s mofTexCellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fp:ritual and temporal and common* in this prefent Parliament aflemblecf, r* **• v"r 4	’•	■	•	’	j* ’ • :u • •*	•	tocf

j

Digitized by v^ooQle

The ninth Tear of Anne.	583

and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the A» D. twenty ninth day of September one thoufand feven hundred 1710. and ten. where any cattle lhall be maimed, houghed, or otherwise deftroyed, within any of the faid baronies or Inhabitants franchises, or the prccin&s thereof, the inhabitants of fuch j*'*d baromee barony and franchife, or the prepin&s thereof fhall make aqriends and fatisfa&ion for the fame, and not the inhabi- tjc maimed, tants of the county at large, though the valqe of the faid tho’ above 10L cattle fo maimed, houghed, or deftroyed, lhall exceed the value, value of ten pounds, in fuch manner and with fuch diftin&ion spad directions, as in the faid ad made in the Seventh year of the reign of his faid late Majtfty King William, and in pne other ad made in the fame feflions, intituled. An aft to 3	^	'	‘

fup fly the defects, and for tb? better execution of an aft pajfed this prefent fejjion of Parliament, intituled. An aft for the better f-pprcjjing lories and rappare.es, and for preventing robberies, burglaries, and other heinous crimes, is mentioned and exprett; any thing in the faid ads, or either of them, tQ the contrary notwithHanding.

III.	And for the better prevention of maiming and de- Malicioufly ftroying of cattle ; be it enaded by the authority aforefaid,

That if any perfon or perfons in this kingdom after the	C“U	e>

twenty-ninth day of September one thoufand feven hun- \ G. r. 2%. cLred and ten lhall malicioufly, unlawfully, and willingly clergy taken maim, kill, or dettroy any horfes, Iheep, cows, pr othej-pattle, of any perfon or perfons whatfoeyer, every fuch ^ 21-offence lhall be adjudged felony ; and the offenders, and tx<?cpt tii/geld-every of them lhall fuffer as in cafes of felony ; provided mg a0nc boi/es nothing herein contained (hall extend to the gelding (tone soing at lags. 1 horfes going at large.

CHAP. XII.

At Aft for Untying feveral Parijhcs, and building federal Parijh-Churches in more convenient Plaies.

WHEREAS the parilh church of Kilkcevin, f;tuafe .	,	t

in the town of Caftlereagh, inconvenient to the . inhabitants of the parilh of Kilkeevin, !^aflick, and Ballin- ^d^ahinVob-jober in the diocefs of Elphin, and the laid prrifhcs arc fit to her, in E^hm^ be united and made one parilh : be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s moil excellent Majeflv, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fp’ruua! and temporal, and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and hvr the authority of the fame. That it lhall and may be lawful to and for the bilhop of the faid diocefs, with the approbation of the archbifhop of the province, and the confent of the respective patrons, incumbents, and major part of the inhabitants of the faid partlhes, to unite the faid parilhes ofthef|,urc>, at Kilkeevin, Baflick/and Balliqtcbcr* an.d *he parilh-church Caftleieagh the

now parilh-church.

*



Digitized by CjOOQle

A. D. 1710. Chap. la.

Union of

phin j

the church at * Oran tq be re-built.

i*+	The	ninth	Tear	of	Anne.

now built at Cafllereagh In the parifh of Kilkecvin may be deemed the only parifh-church of the united parifhes; the faid parifhes fo united to be called by the name of the parifh of Kilkeevin; and the inhabitants of the faid feveral parifhes to be from time to time liable to and chargeable with the repairs of the faid church a; Cafllereagh.

II.	And whereas the parifhes of Oran and Drumtemple in the faid diocefs of Elphin arc fit to be united, and that the ancient church of Oran within the faid parifh of Oran is conveniently fituated for the parifhioners of the faid pa-

Oran and Drum- rifhco to repair unto, were the fame rebuilt: be it enaded temple in El- by the authority aforefaid. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the bifnop of the faid diocefs, with the approbation of the archbifhop of the province, and the confent of the refpettive patrons, incumbents, and the major part of the inhabitants of the faid parifhes, to order the church to be rebuilt at Oran in the faid parilh of Oran, and to unite the faid parifhes of Oran and Drumtemple; and the faid parifhes fo united fhall be culled by the name of the parifh of Oran ; and the inhabitants of the laid united parifh thail from time to time he liable to and chargeable with building and keeping in repair the faid church of Oran ; which fhall for ever be deemed and taken to be one parifh to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, any law or flatute to the contrary in any wife notwithflanding.

III.	And whereas the ieveral ancient parifh-churches of Tullomagymagh, Ballynecarngt Ballyrogne, and Kelly^-

T	town,	in	the diocefs of Lcighlin and county cf Cather-

magh^ lfa^ync- have been for many years part ruinous : and whereas carng, Bully- °f ^ate years near the center of the faid parifhes, (viz.) rogne. and at Spiplcllown in the faid parifh of Ballynecarrig, there KellyVtown in hath been a decent church built at the charge of the feve-Lcighlm; r^j inhabitants of the faid parilhes : be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the bifhop of the faid diocefs, with the approbation of the archbiffyop of the province, and the confent of the re-fpedlive patrons, incumbent, and major part of the inhabitants of the faid , ariihes, to unite the faid parifhes of Tullomagymagh, baiiynecarrig, Ballicrogic, and KellyV town in the diocefs aforefaid ; and that the (aid feveral pa-rifiies Ihai! be and are hereby for eyer united and ipade pne, by the rame of the parifh of Staplcflown, whereof the faid new erefled and coniecratcd church fhall for ever be deemed and taken to be the pari n-church of the faid feveral united parifhes : and l'uch glebe or glebes, and lands, which now belong to luch lefpeciivc parities, fhall henceforward belong to the parifh of Staple flow n after the death, ceflion, or promotion of the prefent incumbent; faving and referv-ing to the dean and chapter, and prebendaries of the laid piocefs of Lcighlin, and every of them, all their preterit

rights.

Union of

by name of Stapletlown.

3

Parifli church of Chnrehtown

ninth Year of Anne* rights, tyths, and in te re (Is in and to the (aid parifhes' of Tullomagymagh, and Bailynecarrig; as alio the right, title, and interefl of the reverend dodor Robert Elliot in and to the faid parilh of Kelly’s-town during his incumbency.

IV.	And whereas there are feveral parifh-chorches in the diocefs of Cloyoe very incoveniently fituatcd, fome in re- ^ mote parts of parifhes and unions, and others very diftant J Cloyne to be from the proteflant inhabitants thereof: be it therefore removed, enabled by the authority afore faid. That the parifh-church

of Church-town in the faid diocefs, and in the patronage of the honourable Sir John Percivall, baronet, be removed to a more convenient place by the confent of the faid patron, the incumbent, and the bifhop of the (aid diocefs for the time being, and with the approbation of the archbifhop of the province, and the confent of the major part of the inhabitants thereof.

V.	And whereas the feveral parifhes of Ballyoughtra,

Mogely, ajid Caliirulton in the diocefs of Cloyne, have	UnionefBaflU

been held united by epifcopal anion for feveral years pad, ^Jfug^ra*| and are fit to be continued fo united : be it therefore enaded.

That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the bifhop of ctoyne, by the faid diocefs, by and with the approbation of the arch- name of Caftfe-bifhop of the province, and the confent of the patrons, in- marter, cumbents, and the major part of the inhabitants of the (aid parifhes, to unite the faid feveral parifhes ; and the faid parities fo united (hall be known and called by the name of the parifh of Cafllemarter; and that it may be lawful to and for the bifhop and incumbent for the time being, with the approbation of the archbifhop of the province, and of the major part of the inhabitants of the faid feveral parifhes, to build and ered a new church at Caftlemarter within the faid parilh of Ballyoughtra, which fhall be deemed and taken for the parifh church of the faid united parifhes, to be built and chttr kept in repair at the expence of the inhabitants of the (aid feveral parifhes : and that it (hall and ipay be lawful to and for Henry Boyle, efquire, to give and convey a convenient the ground by piece of ground for the feite of the faid church and church- Henry fioylc. yard, to be and remain thereunto for ever ; the flatute concerning the lands given in mortmain, or any other law or flatute whatfoever, to the contrary thereof in any wife not-withilanding.

VI.	And whereas the feveral parifhes of Iniflar, Mathy,

Garrydoyne and Granagh, in the diocefs of Cloyne,

have been for fome time united, but are of too large ex- Garrydoyne, tent, and the prefent church of Iniflar at too great a dif- and Cranach, tance from many of the parifhioners : and whereas the faid in Cloyne, may feveral parifhes are of fufficient value to maintain two in- he div.ded into cumbents; be it therefore enadted. That it may be lawful to and for the bifhop for the time being, with the approba-

tion



Digitized by L^ooQle

A new parilh church to he built iu more convenient place in Agha-di in Cloync,

and in Kilwa-ternyoy, in Waterford,

an'}, it Mogh in jm.ru}. »>f Car-riiwtjjllen, in Kiiiuerc.

The ninth Year of A unction of the archbifhop of the province, and the confent of the patrons, incumbents, and major part of the parifhioners of the faid fev^ral parifhes, to divide the faid feveral pa-rifhes into two diHindi parifhes, and to build and erett another church at the expence of the parifhioners of the feid refpedVive parifhes on fpme old foundation, or other place convenient within the faid parifhes; which faid church fhall be called by the name of the parifh church of Garrycloyne, and that the faid church of Inittar, and the faid church of Garrycloyue, fo to be erefted, fhall afeer the death or removal of the prefent incumbent be deemed and taken to all intents and purpofes whatioever to be two di Hindi parifh -churches, and to be kept in repair by the refpe&ive inhabitants of the faid refpe&ivc parifhes according to the faid divifion; and that the rights of the refpe&ive patrons fhall hereby be revived and preferred, any law or Itatute to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

VII.	And whereas the parilh church of Aghada, within the faid diocefs of Cloyne, is conveniently fituated for the inhabitants of the faid parifh, and the parifhes thereunto united : be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid, That'it fhall and may be lawful to and for the bifhop of the faid diocefs, for the time being, with the approbation of the archbifhop of the province, and the confent of the patron, incumbent, and major part of the parifhioners, to build and ereft a new church in fomc more convenient place within the fiid union ; which faid church when built, and no other, fhall be called the parifh-church of Aghada, and from the time of its being fo built, the fatfne fhall be and be deemed the only parifh-church of the faid parifh of Aghada, ind the inhabitants and parifhioners of the faid union obliged to repair the fame as their faid parifli-church.

VJII. And whereas the parifh-church of Kilwatermoy in the diocefs of Waterford is inconveniently fituated for the parifhioners and inhabitants of the faid parifh: be it cna&ed by the authority aforefaid, That it may \>z lawful to and for the bifhop of the faid diocefs for the time being, with the’ approbation of the arch-bifhop of the province^ and the confent of the patron, incumbent, and the major part of the inhabitants of the faid parifii, to build and ere£l a new1 church in fome convenient place within the faid parilh, the proprietor of the foil where fuch church fhall be built firH conveying a fufftcicnt quantity'of ground for fuch church and church-yard to the ufe of the laid parifh ; and that the new church fo to be built fhall be and be deemed the parilh church of the faid parifh, to be built and kept in repair by the inhabitants and parifhioners of the faid parilh.

IX. And whereas the parifh-church of Carrcwgallen in the diocefs of Kiimore is in a ruinous condition, and inconveniently /

A. D. 1710. Chap. 12.

Ait4 ip pari Hi

*fbi ninth Tear of Anne.	5^7

wrmently fitaated remote from the inhabitants of the laid parilh ; and whereas the inhabitants of the faid parilh of Carrowgallen and the prefrnt incumbent, with the confent of the bilhop, are defirous that a new church be built in a itiore convenient place within the faid parilh: be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the bilhop, with the approbation of the archbilhop of the province, and the confent of the patron, incumbent, and the major part of the inhabitants of the faid parilh of Garrowgallen, to eredtand build a new Church at Mogh, lying and being within the faid parilh, in the fame place Where an old church is now (landing, commonly called the church of Mogh, and which is and hath been an ancient burial place, at the charges of the faid pain (h of Carrowgallen 5 and that filch* new church when built (hall be conl'ecrated, and for ever deemed and repu ed the only parilh-church of Carrowgallen, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever.

X.	And whereas the ancient parilh-church ofDrumgagh	tfU

in the diocefs of Dromore is very inconveniently fituated in <>f an out fkirc of the faid parilh, very remote from the town Dromdrc. of Rathfryland, where are the greatelt number of the inhabitants of the laid parilh: be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, that it fhall and may be lawful to and for the redor and incumbent, and parilhioners 6f the faid parilh for the time being, by and with the confent and approbation of the archbilhop of th£T province, the bilhop of the faid diocefs for the time being, and patron, to build a new church in fuch convenient place within the faid parilh, as the> fhall think fit; the land and grmlnd for fuch new church and church-yVd being firll granted and conveyed by the proprietor or proprietors of the fame to the ufc of the laid parilh ; which faid grant or conveyance the laid proprietor or proprietors are hereby eoaolfcd to make, the Ifcatute of mortmain, or any other law or ftatute to the contrary, thereof, in any wife norwiihlluftding ; and the faid' church, when buiit and confccrated, for ever to b: and remain the only parifli church of fchefud parilh of Drutn-gagh, to all intents .^nd purpofes whatever. '

* XI. And whereas the ancient parilh-church of Shank? .»	And in parilh

in the choccls of Dromore is very inconveniently fituated, Qf ^hankill in and not large enough for the inhabitants of the faid parilh : Drdmorc. be it enacted b\ the authority aforefaid. That it lhall and may be lawful to and for'the iciljr and incumbent of the faid parilh for the time being, by and with the confent and approbation of the arcbhi(hop of tlie province, the biihop of the faid diocefs of Dromore for the time being, and patron, by and with the confent of the major part of the inhabitants of the faid parilh, with the materials of the laid ancient church* and fuch others as fhall be further 1 ■	•	•	.•	;	'	*	re^uifith

Digitized by GjOOQle

S»

A. D. 1710. Chap. |2«

And in the ftarifh of Kil>

tomio. in KiU IDCnniDem» wun me content 01 me rignc reverena utucr jji fcalu	God	William,	lord bi(hop of KillaBa, are defiroas chat a

new church be built in a more convenient place within the faid pariih ; be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That it fhail and may be lawful to and for the inhabitants of the (aid parilhes, by and with the approbation of the archbithop of the province, and with the confent of the bi&op of the diocefr, to ere& and build a new church on the lands of Dranundet and town of Broad-haven in the pariih of Kilcomin; the proprietor of the faid lands ftrft conveying a fuf&cient quantity of ground for the (aid church and a church-yard, to the chuteh-wardens of the faid pariih, and their fucceflors, for the ufe of the faid pariih ; Which conveyance (hall be effectual notwithftanding the ftatete of mortmain; and that fuch new church when built, together with the church-yard, (hall be confecrated ; and, when fo confecrated, (hall be deemed and reputed the parifhchurch of the parilhes of Kilmore and Kilcomin to all intents and purpofes whatloever. ,

XI1L And whereas the parifh-church of Drumgoone in "" the dioccfs of Kilmore has been of a long time ruinous and out of repair, and is alfo /inconveniently htuatpd, being remote from the inhabitants of the faid pariih, or fome of The church them, have built a church or chappel at Coote-hill within at Coote-hill to the faid pariih, and inclofed a church yard thereunto con-tiguoos, by and with the confenc of the biftiop of the dio-Vnmgponc in ce**: be lt	by	authority	aforefaid. That the

Kilmore. faid church or chappel, and church-yard, now created at Coote-hill, be from henceforward deemed and taken as the pariih church and church yard of Drumgoone pariih, and be as fuch repaired and repairable by the inhabitants

of

77>e ninth Ytar of Anne. requite, to built a new and larger church in fuch convenient place within the faid pariih, as they (hall think fit; the land and ground for the new intended church and church-yard being firft granted and conveyed by the proprietor or proprietors of the fame to the church-wardens of the faid pariih for the time being, and to their fucceffors for ever, for the ufe of the laid pariih; which faid grant or conveyance the laid proprietor or proprietors are hereby enabled to make, the ftatute of mortmain, or any other kw or ftatute to the contrary thereof, in any wife notwith-ftanding; and the laid church, when built and confecrated (hall for ever be and remain the only parifh-church of the kid pariih of Shankill to all intents and purpofes whatsoever.

XI I. And whereas the walls of the ruined churches in the parilhes of Kilmore and Kilcomin, in the diocefs of KiHak, are inconveniently fituated, remote from the inhabitants of the laid pariih: and whereas* the inhabitants of the faid parilhes of Kilmore and Kilcomin, and the prelent



Digitized by v^ooQle

Tie ninth Tear §/ Anne*	5^9

fef the faid pariih from time to time, in like manner as A. D. other parifh-churches in this kingdom are repaired, and flounder the fame regulation ; and alfo it (hall and may be Chap. .12. lawful to and for the honourable Thomas Coote, enquire, 1***~Y***J fecond juft ice of her Majefty’s court of Queen's-bench in Ireland, proprietor of the faid land, whereon the faid church or chappel, and church-yard as aforefaid, ereded, by any inllrument in writing under his hand and leal for that purpofe duly to be perfeded, to convey to the churchwardens of the faid pariih, and their fncceflors for ever, the faid church or chappel and church-yard; who are hereby enabled to take and receive fuch grant, to the.ofe and behoof of the faid church-wardens, and their fucceflors, for the ends and purpofes aforefaid, notwithftanding the ftatnte of mortmain.

XIV.	And whereas the pariihes of Bohullajrb, Knoc-•magn, Becan, Aghamore, and Templetogher, m the dio-

cefs of Tuam, have been long held together by one in- Becan ** cumbent, and are fit to be really anited; and whereas all Aghamore, and the churches in the faid fever&l pariihes are ruinons and Templetogher inconveniently fituated : and whereas the incumbent of the m Tuam, by faid feveral pariihes, together with the parilhioners inha-	**

biting therein, have by a & of veftry reprefented and de-fired that a new church may be built in the market-town of linlogh. Balltnlough in the faid pariih of Kikullagh, for the greater conveniency of the panlhioners of the faid feveral pariihes, and his grace the lord archbilhop of Tuam has approved thereof: and whereas Jofeph Mitchell, efquire, has upon fuch requeft and approbation already provided materials towards the building of the faid church, and has promifed to endow the fame with twenty acres near the fame for a glebe, and one acre for a manfion-houfe to be built thereon for the incumbent and his fucceflors, befides one other acre for the church-yard : be it ena&ed by the authority aforefeid.

That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the archbilhop of the faid diocefs, by and with the confent of the patron, incumbent, and the major part of the inhabitants of the faid pariih, to unite the faid pariihes ; and the faid pariihes fo united to be and continue one pariih, to be called and known by the name of the pariih of KiltuUagh for ever ; and fuch church when finilhed, endowed, and confecrated,

(hall be and be deemed the only pariih-church of the faid

united pariihes ; and the faid archbilhop or his fucceilors is

hereby enabled to receive a conveyance for the ufe of the

incumbent and his fuccelTors for ever from the (aid Jofeph Mit*

Mitchell of the faid lands, notwithftanding any ilatute of

mortmain ; faving always to the Queen and the archbilhop faring to Queen

of Tuam fuch right as they had before the faid onion. “d arehbiSop.

XV.	And whereas the three pariihes of Killmichaloge,

Killmechue, and Kilkavan in the dioceis of faros, are part tJ«uen *f Kil.

mi tt*hai«gc.

Digitized by ^.ooQle

Killmccboc,

The ninth Tear of Anne, and parcel of the corps of the deanery of Ferns, and do lie contiguous, ahd are fit to be perpetually uni:ed: and whereas all the old churches of the faid parilhes are utterly ruined and inconveniently tituated for the inhabitants of the faid parilhes: and whereas the church in the town of New-and Killkavan, borough in the laid pariih of Killmichaloge hath been lately rc^u,ll» an^ *• ^ good repair, and conveniently fitoated for cw the inhabitants to refort unto, and lies neareft of any the aforefaid churphes to the center of the aforefaid parilhes : be it cna&ed by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the biihop of the faid diocefs, with the approbation of the archbilhop of the province, and the con fern of the patron, dean and chapter of Ferns, and the major part of the inhabitants of the faid parilhes, to unite the faid parilhes; and the faid parilhes fo united (hall be called by the name of the pariih of Newboroog^ tmd be one pariih to all intents and purpofes whatfoever.

XVI. And whereas the ancient pariih church of Ennis- . mac-faint in the diocefs of Clogher is ruinous, and htuate in an ifland in Lough-Erin, and inacceflible for a great part of the year, and tnat with the confent of the biihop of the

Church of Druauenagh to be the parifh

rnao^fa m^hT*" ^•ocef** the patron, incumbent, and major part of the in-

Clogher.

New church to be built in panfh of Slane in Meath.

habitants of the faid pariih, a new church bas been built at Drumcnagh in the faid pariih in a more convenient place, and was confecrated, and the land whereon the faid church Hands, with a church-yard and glebe, legally conveyed: be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That the faid church of Drumcnagh (hall be deemed/reputed, and taken to be the parilh-church of the faid pariih of Ennis-mac-faint to all intents and purpofes whatfoever.

XV11. And whereas the parilh-church of Slane, in the diocefs of Meath is now altogether ruinous, lituate upon a very ftcep hill, in a place inconvenient for the parifhionprs to refort unto, and that the parilhioners with the confent of the biihop delire leave to build a new church in a place more convenient within the faid pariih : be it enafied t>y the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the biihop of the faid diocefs, with the approbation of the archbilhop of the province, and the confent of the redor, vicar, or other incumbent of the faid pariih for the time being, and of the patron and major part of the inhabitants thereof, to build a new church in fuch other convenient place within the faid pariih, as they (hall think fit; the land for the church and church-yard being firft conveyed by the proprietor of fuch place to the redor, vicar, or incumbent of the faid pariih, his or their fucccflors for ever, who are hereby enabled to take and receive a grant and conveyance to tnem, and their fucceffors, in trull for and to the ufe of the faid pariih ; and that fuch new church, when built and confecrated, be reputed and remain the only parilh-church of the faid pariih for ever.

XVIII. And

Digitized by LjOOQle

The ninth Tear of Anne.	591

XVIII.	And whereas the parilhes of Caine and Killtome, A. D.

both in the county of Rbfipommon and diocefs of Elphin, 1710. lie very near and contiguous, and ate fit to be united into Chap. 12. one parifti : and whereas there iff no church built in either	\—

of the faid parilhes : and whereas Luke Dillon of Clonbrock,	Union of Cain

efquire, and Edmond Kelly of Skrigg, efquire, and John ^^lto,nc» m Kelly his fon and heir apparent, are willing to conVey fuch a * IB# proportion of land in the lands of Miltonpafs within the laid parifti of Caine, as (hall be.fufficient for building the faid church upon, afid for making a church-yard thereto : be it eria&ed by the authority aforefaid. That the faid twd parilhes Of Caine and Kiltome (hall for ever hereafter be united and efteefned one parifti to all intents, purpofes and conftru&ions, to be called the parifti of Caifte; and that the church to be the church, fo to be built on fome convenient place in thrf built atMiiton-faid town or lands of Miltonpafs, be reputed and taken to pais: be the parifh-church of the (aid united parilhes; the faid Landcon-Luke Dillon, Edmond Kelly, and John Kelly, or their veyed by Luke heirs, firft conveying a fufficient quantity of ground for Dillon, and the faid Chutch and church-yard, for the ufe of the faid Edmond and parifti, not with Handing the flatu.te of mortmain.	J*11" Kc*,y*

XIX. And whereas the parifti of Donamon in the county	union of Kil

of Galway and diocefs of Elphin, being too fmall, and fit begnet, Bally-to be united to other parifties; be it enabled by the autho- nekiil,k»lcroan, rity aforefaid, That it fhall and niay be lawful to and for and Donamon, the bilhop of the diocefs of Elphin for the time being, by lu £*ph»n, or and with the approbation of the archbifhop of the province,	0

and with the confent, and agreement of the patrons, incumbent, and major part of the parilhioners, to unite the parilhes of Kilbegnett, Ballynekill, Kilcroan, and Donamon,

or fo many of the faid parifties as the faid archbiftiop, biftiop, or their fuccefiors, patrons, and incumbents for the time being, and the major part of the parilhioners fhall hereafter think convenient; and that the faid parifties fo united fhall be called and known by the name of the parifti of Donamon, and be one parifti to all intents and phrpofes.

XX.	And whereas the ancient parifh-church of Killofo-nan in the faid diocefs of Elphin and county of Galway is in a ruinous condition, and inconveniently lituated, remote from the inhabitants of the faid parifti, and in a place al-molt invironed with* boggs, and the road to it unpayable : and whereas the inhabitants of the faid parifti of Killofonan, and the j>refent incumbent, with the confent of the lord bilhop of Elphin are defirous that a new church be built on the lands of Cappavarangy; near the town of Caftle-blackney, within the faid parifti: and whereas Robert Blackney, efquire, proprietor of the faid lands, hath con-fented to fet out two acres of land, in fome convenient place on the faid lands, for building the faid church and' church-yard, and a houfe for the incumbent, and to convey

Digitized by LiOOQle

s**

A.

D.

Robert

DCf.

Thi n 'mtb ttar f Anne*-ver At tkme to the redor, vicar, or incumbent of the £ 1710. pariih, his or their fuccefTors for ever, for the uieof the fc Chap. la. pariih; be it eoa&ed by the authority afore faid, That

------------ fhall and may be lawful to and for the inhabitants of t

New drank laid pari fit of Killofolan, or the major part of them I & ** bu^V *nd with the confent of the archbifhop of the province, *1 in	^ biikop, patron, and incumbent, to build a new chur<

nuncof Cafife-^ church-yard on (bate convenient place within the fa hbrkney miu* pariih oo the lands of Cappavaroggy near the fa id town 1 Caftleblackney ; the faid Robert plackney, who is beret impowered to grant the fame, firft conveying the faid tw acres of land for the (aid church and church-yard, and m miters hoafe, to the redor, vicar* or incumbefcoof the fai pariih, and their fbccefibrs for ever, who an hereby ens bled to take and receive a grant of the fame to them an their facceffars, notwkhfbmding the ftatutc of mortmair or any Crulcment made by the raid Robert Blackney or hi ance&ors thereof, in truft for and to the ufe of the faid pa riih; and that fuch new church, when built and confecrated be repated and remain the pariih-church of the faid par id forever, and that it be called the pariih-church of Caftie blackney alias Killoiblan, and deemed as fuch to all intent and purpofes whatfoever. . .

XXI. And whereas thp pariihes of Ballymackward and Ckmkeen, in the diocefs of Clonfert and county of Galway* he to be united, and it is £t that a church be rebuilt on the lands of Ballymackward, where thtf old church Bands, for the conveniency of the inhabitants of the parities; be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and mav be lawful to and for the archbhhop of the province, and the biihop of the faid diocefs, by and with ihe confent of the patrons, incumbent, and the inhabitantsaud major part of them, from and immediately after the avoidance of the laid churches, or either of them, by the death, erffiao,or promotion of either of the incumbents, of either of the iaid pariihes of Ballymackward and Clonkcen, to unite the faid pariahs; and that the faid pari foes fo urn ted (hall be 00c pariih for ever, bv the name of the pariih or union of Ballymackward, and the furviving incumbent of the faid united pariih fhall be the incumbent of both the faid iiipted pariihes.

XXii. And be it further enaded by the authority afore-(aid. That it Bull and may be lawful to and for the pa-riihkraers of the (aid upiced pariihes hereafter from time to time to proceed by ad of veltry, or otherwife, for rebuilding of the faid church and repairing the fame, and to do all other things* as any other pariih or union can do or Could do.

XXIII. And

Union of Bab IjiMdirard anACkwkMn, In Clonfcrtpby

mack ward.

Digitized by ^.ooQle

%bt nirtfc Yunr °f Anne-"	S&$

whereas tine pacilh church of patHfces Arr IK Of Dsakc’vtown, Kijlp^trfak,.. and Xqoqgh, in tho'

4ioc;efv county of tylqarb* fasmquly upit*d j»4; Chap. i*3 i^ade one imfae pa*i£b by the name of the patilh or re&ory	;

qf ^fdte*Mojvn, is hu^nvqnientLy fctwated fpr theinhab^ GhuEcbctf tajtfatf ^ faid united pajifycs ta refart unto for divine	'

fajryKe, arid vn a ruinous contWon, and fcar<* .accelfabfa for^church cft^. • a corfi^La^lf part of the yep : and whereas tha cj^h of-unionofDiic^* Killpatrick is more convenient and in very good repair# anditown, Killpi-near \h$ ^en*e& of the (aid qnUed’p*ri(hes ; b$ it e.na&qd by trj^k *nf \hp ^vh^ufay aforefaid, Thai it fhaH and mjW'bg lawful	“

far tqe tyfaop of the faid diocefs, wish tha apjyobatiQU * of the arch-1 ihop of the province, and with the confauC. of the patron, incumbent., apd major parr, of the pa-riftiiopnijs, tOjCanditate the faid church of KUJpatrick W hie fpr ever hereafter rhe p^rittudusrch of the faid united jwdfaes, pjT re&ory qf Drajke’s-town, Xillpattfak, and Knopgh, to all.intent? asulpurpofa* whatever., -	.	   *

XXIV.	Apd whereas the old church of the parish of Kil- The church farap, in the county of Lowthaad djocefa of Armagh, is /at Gernonf-ruinous, and has heen fa of a lpng tim* : and whereas a t0^nir#//" Caf* new church was built Bear forty yeajjs ago. at

town, qiias Calllebellingham, in the faid p*rifa> within fcchurchof ^

quarter of a mile of the faid old parifa^nhoroh,> and a,fatan, in Ai-

chuxctayard has been fat out thereto, and, the fame hasimagh.

been confatrated and been made ufeof ever hnce, aoddHtt is*

made ufa of far performing divine fcrvfae and other Qfhces*

thereiu, according to the ufes and ceremonie? of the church;;

of Ireland as by law eflahlilhed : and where** the. fame’

hath been repaired and beautified from time to time,, ai oc-

cafion required, by order io the veftrie6 held in the.faidr, ' ~ '	"’J

church at Gernqn’s-towjo, ever hoce the faid church hoe»	•

been built there, and the faid churqh,yard fat out: to pre- .

vent therefore all doubts and difputes which may hereafter	*-	.	'

arife concerning the reqwval qf the faid church, be it *

epa&ed. That the faid church at Get non^-town, alias*

C^iUebellinghaip, be for ever hereafter ^ikqp and deemed?

to be the pariIh-church of Xilfaran. to all intents and.pur-i

pofas what foe ver, any law to the contrary notwithftand-

mg; and the old church-yard and place, where the faid

old church Hands, be at the charge of the parilhioners of

the faid parifli fenced in, and prefarved from prophane or

com. on ufage.

XXV.	And be it farther ena&ed by the authority afore- A1I tJie faid. That the ancient feites of all the parilh churches and cnt church-church-yards in this a£k mentioned be kept inclofad, and yards to be k© apart from prophane ufes, from time to time by Hone walls

or other fufficient fences for that purpofe, to be built and made about the faid church<yards, at the charge and expence of the parishioners of each refpe&ive parim.

Vol. JI.	P	p	XXVI.	Be

Digitized by v^ooQle

Materials of ald'chmrthe* may be uUd toa ncw^

A publidtadk

htroont time of the onion may arrec as to right of praientation.

Agreement inrolied in Chancery, and cenduhve.

Saving to the Quctn.

fbi north Ttar *f Atme.

XXVI.	Be k farther eroded by the authottty afbrefkid. That where any new church is by virtue of this ad to be built in any pariih or onion of pariihes, there is or are one or more ancient church or churches that in fuch cafe it may be lawful to and for the pari(hioners and inhabitants of fuch pariih, or union of panihes, to remove and make oie of the materials of all foch ancient church or churches for and towards the building fuch new intended church and for no other ufe whatsoever.

XXVII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That this ad (hall be taken and efteemed a pub-lick and general ad by all judges in all courts in this kingdom.

, XXVIII. Provided always, and be it farther eroded by the authority aforefaid. That where two or more panihes ihall be united according to the intent and diredioos of this ad, and where the right of prefentation to the faid pariihes is now or at the time of fuch union may belong to Several patrons refpcdivelv, who have or may have right to prefent to the fame, as tne churches in the faid refpedbve pariihes may become void, it ihall and may be lawful to and for foch patrons, at the time when they mail confent to the uniting of the pariihes as aforefaid, to agree in whom, and in which of them, the faid patrons, the nght of prefentatioo to fuch pariihes fo united ihall be and continue after fuch union is made and fettled; and how often, and what torn, each patron ihall prefent to the faid united pariihes; and foch agreement, fo to be made between all the (aid patrons under their and every of their hands and feals, (hall be in-rolled in her Mtyefty’s high court of Chancery, and ihall by virtue of this aft bind and conclude all the faid patroos parties to die faid agreement, their heirs aod affigns, and iiicceifors, refpedively for ever; favmg to the Queen’s moil excellent Majefty, her heirs and (uccefTors, all fadi right, title, intereft, and property, which they have or may claim in any pariihes, to be united in purfuance of this aft, is fully and imply as if this prefent ad had not been made.

THE

Digitized by LjOOQle

fbe eleventh Tear of Anne.

The Eleventh Year of ANNE.

CHAP. II.

Jin AS for the more ejfeSual preventing of Frauds committed by Tenants.

FOR fecuring to leftors and landlords their juft rights. Tenants and to prevent frauds frequently committed by te- holding over . nants; be it enabled by the Queen’s moft excellent Majefty, expiration by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament af- mrit\ng fembled, and by the authority of the fame. That in cafe to deliver p©f-any tenant or tenants for any term for life, lives, or years, leflion, (hail or other perfon or perfons, who are or (hall come into pof- Pa7 double va-fefiion of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, by, *uc’ from, or under, or by colluiion with fuch tenant or tenants (hall wilfully hold over any lands, tenements, or he* reditaments after the determination of iuch term or terms, and after demand made, and notice in writing given for delivering the pofiefison thereof by his or their landlords, or leftors, his or their agent or agents thereunto lawfully authorized, then and in fuch cafe fuch perfon or perfons, fo holding over, fhall for and during the time he, the, and they, fhall fo hold over, or keep pofteftion of the faid lands, tenements, and hereditaments, as aforefaid, pay and forfeit to the landlord or landlords, leftor or leftors, his, her, or their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, or af- by debt or trf* figns, or to fuch perfon or perfons, to whom the immedi- /<*/}, ate reverfion of fuch lands, expedant on the determination *5	*3	h

of fuch leafe, (ball refpedively belong, double the yearly	oT*

value of the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, fo de- j^fendant to taiued for folong a time as the fame are detained, to be re- gtvsfpedaibail, covered in any of her Majefty’s courts of record by adion &c. of debt or trefoafs, whereunto the defendant or ^defendants ihall be obliged to give fpecial bail, againft the recovering of which faid penalty there fhall be no relief in equity.

II.	And whereas great inconveniencies do frequently happen to leftors and landlords, in cafes of re-entry for non-payment of rent, by reafon of the many niceties that attend re-entries at common law : and forafmuch as when a legal re-entry is made, the landlord or leftor muft be at the expence, charge, and delay of recovering in ejed-ment, before he can obtain the adual pofteftion of the demited pretniftei; and it often happens, that after fuch a re-entry made the leftee or his aftignee epon one or more bills filed in a court of equity not only holds out the leftor or landlord by an injundion frotn recovering the pofteftion, but likewife pending the laid fok do run much more in error,, wkhont giving any fecurky for the rents due, when where more the (hid ie-pxiuy wa* made, or which fhstU or do after- than one half f p 2	wards	r«wt	due.

Digitized by

Google

{90	93*	eleventh	Tear	of Anne-

A. D.	wards incur : for remedy whereof be it enifted by the au-

1712,	thority afocefaid, That iu aU cafes between landlord and

Chap. 2. tenant, from and after the five and twentieth day of March in the year of our l>ord oUe thoufaqd feven hundred and fummons in twelve, as often as it (hall happen, that more than one ejcement (hall half y^r'i rent (ball be in arrear, and .the landlord or kfe an in dead of for> t0 whom the feme, is due, hath right by law tore-enter for the non-payment thereof, fuch landlord or leffor (hall and may without any formal demand or re-entry fepm a fummons in eje&ment for the recovery 0/ the demifod premises; which fummons in eje&ment fhall Hand in the place and (lead of a demand and re-entry ; and in cafe of judgment a^ainft the cafeal eje&or, or non-fuit for not confefling leafe, entry, and oufter, h (hall be made ap* pear to the court, where the faid fuit is depending, by affidavit, or be proved upon the tryal, in caie the defendant appears, that more than half a year’s rent was due before the (hid fummons was ferved, and that no fuflicient di ft refs was to be found on the demifed premises countervailing the arrears then due, and that the lefifor or leffors in ejectment had power to re-enter ; then and in every fuch cafe, the lefior or leffors in ejeAment (hall recover judgment and execution, in the fame manner as if the rent in arrear had been legally demanded, and a re-entry made ; and in cafe the leffee or leflees, his or their aflignee or affignees, rntntanVcxe-" or ot^er perfen or perfons claiming or deriving under the cution, without feid leafes, (hall permit and fuffer judgment to be had and paying ancar, recovered on fuch ejedment, and execution to be executed V**- fix • thereon, without paying the rent and arrear together with n'ccfhionftCr ' ^ 00^ and w*^oot filing any bill or bills for relief m tarred except	within fix calendar mpnths after fuch execution exe-

hy error. cuted, then and in fuch cafe the faid leflee and leflees, his or their afiignee or afllgnees, and all other perfons claiming .	and deriving under the (aid leafe, (hall be barred and fbre^

. clofod from ail relief or remedy in law or equity, other than by writ of error .for reversal of fuch judgment, in pafe the fame (hall -be erroneous \ and the (aid landlord.

If verdi<ft or Jeflfpr,, fhall from thenceforth hold the faid demifed pre^ for defendant, n)iffes difcharged from fuch leafe ; apd if on fach eje&ment nonful^(except verc!i& (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, oy the for not confef- plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall*be nonfulted therein, except for fing leafe, Xfc) the defendant or defendants net confeifing kafe, entry, and dtfandant to ouftcr; then in every fuch cafe fuch defendant or defend anti have lull cofts. (ball have and recover his and their full cods.

Mortgagee . III. Provided, always. That nothing herein contained not L" F0Jj$:Gon» (hall extend to barr the right of any mortgage or mortgages not barred. 0f cach leafe, or any part thereof, who (hall not be in pofe fefiion. -

8 G. r. a. IV« And.be it further ena&ed by the authority nforefeid, vrtgage f fe That in cafe the faid leflee Or leflees, his or their aflignee

r%£eted' :	-	*•	.	#T

rc-eatry,

•nd where no fuflicient dif-trrfs, \sfi.

4 G l attend.

And lelTee,

V*be eleventh Yiar of Arifiei

afligtiees, or other perfon of perfon* clathiiiig any right, A. D. title, or intereft, in law Or equity, of, in, or to the faid fpiz. •leafe, lhall wttftiH the time aforefaid file one or more bill or Chap. 2. ’tills for relief in any court of equity, fuch perfon or per- \—

Torts fhall not have or continue any mjardlion againft the proceedings *t law on'fuch ejedment, unlefs he or they do ?

-or mall, within forty days next after a fall ana perfect an- ^

■fiver fhall be filed by the leffor or leflbrs of the plaintiff in full antoer fuch ejedtment, bring into court, and lodge with the pro- lodge intatrtli1 'ptr officer, fuch fbm and Aims of money *as the lefTor Or ®rrear fvforn ieflbrs of the plaintiff in the faid ejedtment fhall in his or an taWv I heir artfwer fwear to be due, and in irrfcar, over and above or to\t pa;j all juft allowances, and alfo the cofts taxed in the faid Alit, to landlord on Thfcre to remain tfll the hearing of the Caufe, or to be p,li& fecurity.

Out to the leffor or landlord on good ffccurity, fubjedt to the decree of the court; air'd in cafe fuch bill dr bills fhall b'e fl!ed 'filed within the time aforefaid, and after execution is exe-lilted the leffor Or leflbrs of the plaintiff fhall be accdunta- on^ for what ble only for fo milch, and no more, as he or they (hall made withou 1 really and bona fide without fraud, deceit, or wilful fraud or wilful negledl, make of the demifed premiffes from the time of uc&!c$ i his cr their entring into the adtual poffefiion thereof; and if what fhall be fo made by the leffor or leflbrs of the plaintiff happen to be lefs than the rent referved on the faid leafe, then the faid leffee or leffees, his or their affignee or affignees, before he or they fhall be reftpred to bb or their <poflcffion or pofleflions, fhall pay fuch leffor or leffors,/or jfffeetopay i’o. landlord or landlords, what the money, fo by them ihade, much as it tails fell (hort of the referved rent for the time fuch leffor or fhort of rent leflbrs of the plaintiff, landlord, or landlords, held the r«fervcd* faid lands,

V.	Provided always, and be it further enabled by the

Authority aforefaid, That if the tenant or tenants, his or jn ^TaraVruto thdr afligrtee Or affignees, do or lhall at any time before Ctafc, on tender the tryal in fuch ejectment pay or tender the leffor or land- of arrears and lotd, his executors or adminiftrators, or his or their hgent cofts before or attorney in that caufe, all the rent and arrears, together tnai* with the cofts, then and in fuch cafe all further proceedings •on the faid eje&meut fhall ceafe and be difcontlnued ; and if fuch leffee or leffees, his or their executors, adminiftra- Leffee, on -tors or affigns, fhall u}>on fuch bill filed as aforefaid be re* relief in equity, lieved inequity, he and they (hall have, hold, and enjoy;cnj°y the demifed lands according to the leafe thereof made, * ncw ca'c* •: without any new leafe to be thereof made to him Or them.

VI.	Ana be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Affignees That all and every perfon and perfons, who from and after liable to covc^ the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred nantsinthc and twelve (halt take any affignment of all the refiduc of lcafc'

any term for yfe’ars, or life, or lives, their executors, or adminiftrators, (hall be liable to all the covenants, where-

unta

Digitized by

Like remedy Ky diftreft, Ac. for reftt-feck, rents of affixe and chief rents as for rent charge.

Net to prejudice right of infant, f*m*

MM MS*

#m, oat of kingdom.

fl# airventh Year of Anne, onto the lefTbes, their executors and adminiftraton, liable by or by virtue of the faid leafes.

VII.	And whereas the remedy for recovering rents-feck, rents of aifize, and chief rents, are tedious and difficult : be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the fire and twentieth day of March, which (hall be in the year of oar Lord one thoafand feven hundred and twelve, all and every perfon or perfons, bodies politick and corporate, (hall and may have the like remedy by diftrefs, and by impounding and felling the fame, in cafes of rent-feck, rents of affize, and chief rents, which have been duly anfwered or paid for the fpace of three years, within the fpace of twenty years, before the firft day of this prefent feflion of Parliament, or (hall b« hereafter created, as in Cafe of rent charges; any law or u&ge to the contrary not with (landing.

VIU. Provided always. That no proceedings by virtue of this aft for breach of any condition (hall prejudice the right or title of any infant, femme convert, perfon being jsm compos mentis, or being out of her Majefty’s dominion.

CHAP. III.

An Atf to enable Guardians and others to renew Leafes jit Lives.

WHEREAS feveral perfons have heretofore made, and hereafter may make leafes for one or more life or lives, of feveral lands, tenements, sod hereditaments in this kingdom, with covenant; and agreements in fuch leafes for renewing the fame from time to time, on the tender and payment of feme fine certain, on the death of any life or lives, in fuch leafe or leafes mentioned, by adding fuch one or more new life or lives, on failure of the life or lives in being, within the refpe&ive tiroes in fuch agreements and covenants mentioned, as the feveral leffee or lefTees in fuch leafe or leafes (hall nominate: and whereas through one pretence or other, on the fall or failure of any life or lives in being, the leffee or lefTees are greatly delayed, before he or they can obtain any renewal according to the covenants and agreements in their leafes, to their very great Vfh«re p**- difcoqragement: for remedy whereof be it enaded by the sorrow leafe Q2ccn,s moft excellent msjefty, by and with the advice and lor lives are con font of the lords fpirityal and temporal and commons iu aider difability. this prefent Parliament affembled, and by the authority of the lame, That if it (hall fo happen, that any perfon or perfons, who in purfuance of fuch agreements for renewal r? fuch leafes contained, or to be contained, ought to make fuch new leafe or leafes as have been or (ball be agreed to be made, (hall be under any difability fo to do by reafon of

infancy^

Digitized by V^OOQle

7*bi eleventh Tear of Anne, infancy, coverture, or non compos mentis, that then and in every fuch cafe (that is to fay) in cafe of difability by rea-fon of infancy, or being under age, by the dire&ion of the high court of Chancery, or the court of Exchequer, fig-nified by an order made upon hearing all parties concerned, ffjf infancy, on the petition of fuch leflee or leflees ; and it (hall and may be lawful to and for the guardian or guardians of fuch chancery or infant or perfon under age, upon fuch leflee or leflees ten- Exchequer, re* dering the fine or fines agreed on in fuch leafe, and per- new, leflee forming all fuch matters and things as by the faid covenants performing and agreements ought to be performed on his or their part C0VCIU,ltt» and behalf previous to fuch renewal, in fuch manner as (hall by fuch order be dire&ed, to renew fuch leafe or leafes, by adding fuch new life or lives, as (hall be named by the faid leflee or leflees, according to the faid covenants and agreements; and fuch guardian or guardians are hereby required to renew fuch leafe or leafes, by putting in fuch new life or lives, as (hall be fo named unto them as afore-(aid, while the infant or minor of fuch guardian or guardians (hall be under fuch difability of infancy, or under flge.

If. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That If coverture in all cafes where the perfon or perfons, who by covenant beyond fea, or or agreement are obliged to make fuch renewals, are or m0m **pp**» *•-fhall be difabled to renew by reafon of being under cover- SyTituier of ture, beyond the feas, or non compos mentis, it (hall and may chancey. be lawful to and for the lord chancellor, or commiffioner or commiflioners of the great feal of this kingdom for the time being, upon petition or complaint made to him or them in the high court of Chancery, upon payment of the fine, and fuch other film or fums of money as ought to be paid upon fuch renewal, for the ufe of the perfon or perfons intituled to the fame, and upon the leflee or leflees doing and performing all and every fuch matters and things, as by the faid covenant or agreements in the faid leafe or leafes ought to be done or performed by him or them previous to fuch renewal, to order or appoint fuch renewal or renewals to be made by one of the maflers of the faid court of Chancery, to be nominated and appointed by the faid lord chancellor, or commiffioner or commiflioners of the great feal for the time being; and fuch mafter fo nominated and appointed, and alfo fuch guardian and guardians as aforefaid, (hall make and execute fuch deed of renewal in the name of the perfon or perfons, who ought to have To be in renewed the fame; which deed or deeds of renewal fo na*nc flSfrfolf made and executed by the faid guardian or guardians, maf- renewed, ter or maflers, courier-parts thereof being duly perfe&ed n by the leflee or leflees, for the ufe and benefit of the per- «0y fon or perfons having the reverfion and inheritance of fuch lands, tenements, or hereditaments, comprifed in fuch i	deed

Digitized by

a\. i).

Xfl {ecuritie* foe money. See. von at ^amfrg, betting, 6r lent or advanced for fuch purpofe, 'void.

and fuch feeuri-

ties awO-tin^

lands mat1 entire to'a r»d devolve on fitch ycrlons as would bt int;ticd if grantor or incu:a-brancci ucuil.

'Thi eh*viHtb Tear <fi Afifie.

<fee<f cf (feed's, (hall be as good ah4 cfffeftuat in taw or cfjuhy to all intents and parpofes, as if the p&flon orJ3er-fons uftder age had beeri of full age, and had executed the fame, Or as ir the Other perfon Or perfons under fuch disability had not been fo di fa bled, and had executed the fairte.

fir. Provided fuch perfon of pcrfbns under rig^, 6r un-d*r fuch disability as aforefaid were at the time df the renewal" of fuch leafc compellable in'law or equity, to make fuch renewal.

CHAP. V..

An Ah foer the letter preventing nf exeejjtve and deceitf ul (laming.

WHEREAS the laws now in force for preventing the mlfchiefs which happen by gaming, have not been found fufTicient for that purpofe : therefore for the further preventing of all excefiive and deceitful gaming, be it enabled by the Queen’s moil excellent Majelty, by and with the advice and confent of thp lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent ParnamentanembleJ, anJty the authority of the fame, Tkat from and after the firil day of November one thousand feven hundred and eleven, alt nous, bills, bonds, judgments, mortgages, or other fecurities or conveyances wnatfoever, given, granted, drawn, or entered into, or executed by any perfon or perfons what -foever^ where th6 whole or any part of the confideratton ot fuch conveyances er fecurities ihafl be for any money, or other valuable thing whatfoever won by gaming, or playing at cards, dice, tables, tennis, bowls, or other game or games whatfoever, or by betting on the fidcs or hands of fuch as do game at any of the games aforefaid, or for the rcirr.huriir.g or repaying any money, knowingly lent or advanced for fuch gaming or betting as aforefaid, or lent or advanced at the time and place of fuch play to any per-fon or perfons fo gaming or betting as aforefaid, or to any other perfon or perfons in truft for or to the ufe or benefit of him or them fo gaming or betting, or that lhall during fuch play fo play or bet, (hall be utterly void, fruflrate, and of none cftcA, to all intents ar/J purpofes whatfoever ; ary flatute, laws or uGige, to the contrary thereof in any wife notxvithllanding : and that where luch mortgages, fecurities, or other conveyances, lhall be cf lands, tenements, or hereditaments, Qr thall.be fuch as incumber or a fie ft the fame, fuch mortgages/fecurities, or other conveyances, fhall enure and.be to and tor the foie ufe and benefit of, and fliall devolve upon fuch perfon or perfons as ihould or might have or be intituled to fuch lands,

tenements.

Digitized by

Google

Tfo ell&ffih Vf Atfee.	Wl

tittetfimi, dr hefedrfefcfefflft, ih e*ath the frit! JfhftfBr ttt A. 6. grantors thereof, or the perfon or rerfons to radtotfrittk ffii.

Uie feme, had been hatfiratty itXa, Jh'd 81 if* flteh thbrt- Chip. $.

'gages, fecurifles, or oVhSr £5ni^/abbe3, hiA boeft Aiadfc tb C

Yuen perToh or perTohs fo to fee fttfilufed Iftet thfe 4efcfcAfe Of

the perfon or performs fo lhcuiAhrtng (he fame ; Iftd thtft sfll

grants or conveyances, to be Ihldfe tfo \ht pftHfetttfng to prevent feme.

Theft lands, tehenfehta, 6'r ftcredittflftWitS frdtn etffnmg tbTold*

br devotving upon fiich perfbh fo perIbtrS, hereby fe(efttfc6

to enjoy the tame as aYorefeii, ftlatt b£ ifofctttfcd frSfbfltt-

lent and void, and of non6 effect, tb ifl ifttdhtl aftd pflV- .

poles tffiatfoeVer.	»

ft. And be it further ehafeibV the ItltHdrh^ albrfcftid, p&fymat That from 4nd after the laid ftrft day bf T$t>\teftiber (tab one meeting thouTand feven hundred End efeVbh any pbrfoh bV pfofbfo foUag and pay-tvhitfoever, who (hall at any tinie ftithih twenty fbttt hbtirs, JJJ® ,o1*in-or it any one meeting or Fitting, by playing fo turds, dice, cover^wicl/6 tables, of other game or gained WhatfoeMr, (ft tty totting cofts, Ac.

6h the (ides or hands of fuch 8$ tfo pfey at 4tiy of thb gaftttfc afore Olid, lofe to any one or mote pfetfdh Of ptfrftrtril, fb playing or betting, in the Wftoli t\fh forti of ^ahrfe bf tfeh rbiinds, and fhaH pay or deliver the fetnte, fefr afty plft thereof, (Tie perfon or perfohS fo fooiStlg, atifl payirig fo defivering the fame, foal! be at liberty Withfri (frffefc lndtlths theh next following to foe for dftd rbcbver the t&dtikf fo goods fo lolt and paid or delivered, 6f any plrt thfef&jf, from the refpeftive Winner and wlrtfibrS therfebF, MtFl fcttffe of Tuit, by action of debt fouhded oti this Id, tb bfepfrbfe*-cuted in any of her Kkijeliy*$ bdittts 6f tffctittl, ih Which anions or fuits no eltbign, pttfte&lBn, Waget of h&, privilege of parliament, or rrforefhih bftfc ithpftrTaftte fhall ttfe allowed.* in which adtiohs it ftiMlbe ftrfficitmt for thfc pliifr-iiff to afledge that the defehduht br defendants itb ihdebtfcfl to the plaintiff's, or received to the plartttiff ’$ tife, tftt ttb^-hey fo loft and paid^ or converted the good! wbh ttF tfttt piaihtitf's to the defendant’s ufe, whferfeDy Ah plSfibtiiPl action accrued tb him according td the forth bf thh ftatUffc without fetting forth the fpecial matter: and in the perfon or perfons, whp fhafl tdofe ftreh tnotiky bt o&er 'tT'Kftrt thing as aforefaid, (hall not within the titne iforefeid f£81ly and bdnajjde, and without covin or cdlldlion, fee, and tfrith J^.rrfb *a *. effed proTecute, for ,he money or other thirig fo bt hife	tfia retbver With

them loft and paid, or delivered 4s fcforefaid. It fhill ahd tr^bfc falfl® may be lawful to and for any perfoh Or DeffotiS by atif fnth and aflion or fuit as aforefaid to fee for and reebver the ferine* and treble the value thereof, With cofts of fdit atgaihft filch winner or winners as aforefaid; the ofte moiety thereof totoP°°r»nd the ufe of the, perfon or perfohs that will foe for the feme, Pr°fccntor* and the other moiety to the miniter and church-wartleils

fufr

Digitized by v^» ooQie

The eleventh Tear rf Anne, for the ale of the poor of thepariih where the offence (hell be committed.

ill. And for the better difcovery of the moneys, or other things fo won and to be feed for and recovered as Defendant (hall aforefeid, be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, ■nfwcr an oath. That all and every the perfon or perfons, who by virtue of this prefent ad (hall or may be liable to be feed for the feme, (hall be obliged and compellable to anfwer upon oath fech bill or bills a* (hall be preferred againit him or them for difcovering the fum or (urns of money, or other

Periboaby SI prm&ice'

So won at play as aforefaid.

And be it further enaded by the authority aforefeid. That if any perfon or prrfons whatsoever at any time or times after the faid firft day of November one thoufand feven hundred and eleven do or (hall by any fraud, or (hift, coufenage, circumvention, deceit, or unlawful device, or ill pradice whadoever in playing at or with cards, dice, or any the games aforefaid, or in or by bearing a (hare or part ia the (lakes, wagers, or adventures, or in or by betting oo the fides or hands of fech as do or (hall play as afore(asd, win, obtain, or acquire to him or themfelvea, or to any other or others, any fum or ferns of money, or other valuable thing or things whatsoever, or (haD at any time within the fpace of twenty four hours, or any one meeting or fitting, win of any one or more perfon or per-ions whatfoever above the lum or value of ten pounds, that then every perfon or perfons fo winning by fech ill pradices ' Penalty five as aforefaid, or winning at any one time or fitting as aforefaid tunes the vafac, above the feid fern or value of ten pounds, and being con-*rofectttor5 vided of any of the faid offences upon an indidment or information, to be exhibited againft him or them for that purpofe, (hall forfeit five times the value of the fum or ferns of money, or other thing fo won as aforefaid; and in deemed infs*- c*fe of fech ill pradice aforefaid (hall be deemed infamous, moos, and (offer and feffer fech corporal punifhment as in cafes of wilful as for perjury, perjury; and fech penalty to be recovered by fech per-(on or perfons as (hall fee for the feme by fech adion as aforefeid.

V. And whereas divers lewd and diflolute perfons liv<e at great expences, having no vifible eftate, profeffion, or calling, to maintain them (elves, but fupporf thofe expences

Two juftieei rwy fammoa peHoot fef-pe&td to have

po vifihle eftate, by gaming only: be it enaded by the -authority aforefaid, Ac. and to five * That it (hall and may be lawful for any two or more of her

by gaming,-	i nf rv.oro in anti. rnnntv rifv nr It

Majefty*s juftices of the peace in any county, city, or liberty whatfoever, to caufe to come or to be brought before them every fuch perfon or perfons within their icfpedive limits, whom they (hall have juft caufe to fefped to have no vifible eftate, profeffion, or calling, to maintain them-(elves by, but do for the moil part fupport themfelves by gaming; and if fuch perfon or perfons (hall not make it ap-

.	pear

Digitized by LiOOQle

1712-Chap. 5.

The eleventh Tear ef Anne/	603

pear to fuch joftices that the principal - part of hit or their -A. D. expences is not maintained by gaming, that then foch justices (hall require of him or them Sufficient Security for his or their good behaviour for the Space of twelve months, and in default of his or their finding Such Securities, to commit fecority for good him or them to the common gaol, there to remain until he hriwviour fori * or they (hall find Such Securities as aforefaid.	comSued

VI. And be it cna&ed by the authority afortfaid, That During which if Such perfon or perfons, fo finding Securities as aforefaid, if they lSay, (hall, dqring the time for which he or they (hall be fo bound ^ for more

to their good behaviour, at any one time or fitting play or bett for any Sum or Sums of money, or other thing, exceed- niaancc^ forfeit-ing in the whole the Sqm or value of twenty (hillings, that cd. * then Such playing (hall be deemed or taken to be a breach of his or their good behaviour, and a forfeiture of their recognizance given for the fame.

VII.	And for preventing foch quarrels as (hall or may Aflauhing, happen upon the account of gaming, be it further ena&ed challenging* by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe any perfon or per-Sons whatsoever (hall aflault, or beat, or (hall challenge, or piaf/rorfei-provoke to fight, any other perfon or perfons whatsoever tore to Queen, upon account of any money won by gaming, playing, or oi perfonal betting, at any of the games aforefaid, fuch perfon or per-Sons aftaulting, or beating, or challenging, or provoking to fight, fuch other perfon or perfons upon the account aforefaid, (hall, being thereof convi&ed upon an indid-. jnent or information to be exhibited againft him or them for , that purpofe, forfeit to her Majefty, her heirs and fuccef-fors, all his goods, chattels, and perfons! eftate whatfoever,

: and alfo Suffer imprisonment, without bait or mainprise, in the common gaol of the county where fuch convi&ion (hall be had, during the jenn of two years.

VII i. And for prevention of the great mifehiefs that No ftop-eommonly attend gaming in (hops within this kingdom ; keeper to penult be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That from and	“	*“•

after the firft day of November next no perfon or perfons whatsoever (hall play at any g&me or games with dice or painef tot cards within any (hopor (hops,or in any room or place thereunto belonging, for any money or goods, and that no (h >p-keeper, or other perfon or perfons whatfoever keeping fuch (hop pr (hops, or any room or place thereunto belonging, ,

(hall erjeourage or knowingly permit or Suffer any perfon or perfons whatfoever to play at any game or games whatsoever with dice or cards for any money or goods within their refpeSive (hops or warehouses, or any room, cham\ # ber, (hed, or place belonging to fuch (hops or warehoufes, and which any way belong to the owners, occupiers, or poffelTdrs of fuch (hops and warehoufes, opon pain of forfeiting the fum of ten pounds for every fuch offence ; to be Recovered with cuffs from the perfon qr perfons fo offending,

and

Digitized by i^ooQle

*>♦	Ybe	eleventh Year ef Anne.

Aw H. JUKI to be diftributed in foch manner as herein before h 1712. a&ed in relation 10 perfons that (hall win cr lofe any fom y—v^J exceeding the font cf ten pounds as aforefoid.

^ut if without IX. Provided always, that if fcny perfon Or perforts do i**hT^ dr**** ***** a^orc^1^ rime P*aT At game with dice or cards >if*iarors£- ^ foch (bop, warehoufe, room, chamber, (bed, or pla«3e ftdnhc IT/all	aforefoid, againll the will and deft re, and without the corr-

noibe Iiih-Cj	font of the	occupiers and pofTeffors of the fatne, that (hen

and in foch cafe if foch Ihop-keepers or houfe-keepers, hi siiiatfL	whofo (hop	or houfe, or one or more of his fervants, Or of

• c*	his family,	(hall within the fpace of twenty eight days next

after foch oftence committed give information upon oath * before a juftice of the peace or other proper magiflratte again# the perfon or perfons, Who {hall fo often d, thatthrti and in foch cafe the faid ihop-keepers and houfe-ke^ptrs (hall not be liable to the faid penalty infti&ed on them as aforefoid; aod foch jufiict or juftices of the peace or proper magi (Irate or magistrates, before whom foch information (hail be made, are hereby required to iffue a warrant again# every perfon and perfons fo ofFendiag, and commit him, her, or them to prifon, tfntil he, (he, or tbfey find good fecority for their, his, or her good behaviour, and *	(hall nevertheless be liable to the penalties to be infti&td dn

the perfons (b playing as aforefoid*

Not to	X* Provided always. That nothing herein Contained (hall

in	exlcnd to prevent or hinder any perfort’or perfons frftfd

Dublin*Ac.° gaming, or playing at any the games aforefaid, in theeaf-tle of Dublin, or any Other the houfes of her Majefty, her heirs or focceffors, daring foch time as the lord lieutenant, or ocher chief governor or governors for the time being, (hall be a&eally refident, during the time of foch a&uaJ rcftdcnce, and fo as foch playing be for ready money Atfly.

CHAP. VI.

An Ad for fupprtfling Lottcties*

WHEREAS many evil difpofed perfons have of late fet Op many rtiifchievous and unlawful games called .lotteries, not only in the city of Dublin but in other parts .of this kingdom* and by fetting op to fale by way of lottery feveral goods and other merchandir.es at unreasonable and exceflive rates, thereby moil unjultly and fraudulently got 9 ao themfeives great fums of money from the children ahd for van ts of feveral gentlemen, traders, and merchants, stnd from many unwary perfons, to the great impoverifh-mer.t of the merchants and fair traders of this kingdom : for remedy Whereof, be it enafted by the Queen’s moft ex-cedent Majefty, by and with the advice and content of the ?*?

.	lords	-

S v-

Digitized by Google:

'fbe ilwmk Ytm- tf lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons In this prefect A* Hh Parliament affembled; apd by the authority of the fame, 171?^ That from and after the firft day of November one tbon- Chap* 6* fand feven hundred and eleven all kuterfea (ball be dteroed, W-rNfS**/ adjudged, and taken to be, puhlick nufanice? ; and that Ah from and after the faid firft day of November °ne thoufajnd gjhhchgg*-feven hundred and eleven no perfon or perfons whatfoever cct"

(ball puhlickiy or privately exercife, keep open* (hqw# Qf expofe to be plaid at, drawn at, or thrown at, or facf, draw, play, or thro^, at any fuch lottery, or any other totr tery, either by dice, kxtts, cards, halls* or any other nufn~ bers of figures, or any other way wbatfoever.

II.	And be it further enabled by the authority afbrefaid. Penalty 100L Thjit every perfon or perfons, that (hall after the (aid firft «n perfon* ex-day of November one thoufand feven hundred and eUven P° -cxercife, expofe, open, or (hew, to be plaid# thrown, or

drawn at, any fuch lottery, play, or device, or other lottery, (hall forfeit for every fuch offence the fum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered by information, bill* plaint ora&ion at law, in any of her Maj-efty’s Four courts at Dublin, wherein no effoign, wager of law, or any more than one imparlance (hall be allowed: one third past thereof to the ufeof her Majefty, her heirs and fucceflqrs; fcne other third part thereof to the ufe of the poor of the pa*, rifh where fuch offence (hall be committed; and the other third part thereof, together with double colts to the party that (hall inform and foe for the fame; and the faid parties Offender* pro-fo offending (hall likewife be profecuted a$ common cheats, fccutcd a*com-according to the ftatute* in that cafe made and provided. 111011 *“•***•

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. Penalty 10L That every perfon or perfons, that after the faid firft day of 23 **"&*&> on November one thguihod feven hundred and eleven (hall2^!^p“ym* play, throw, or draw at any fuch lottery,,play, or device* oi

other lotteries, (hall forfeit for every fuch offence the Cun of ten pounds, to be recovered by information, bill, plaint, or action at law, in any of her Majefty.’s Four courts at Dublin, wherein no eflbign, wager of law, nor any mpi» than one imparlance (hall be allowed ; one third past thereof to the ufe of her Majefty, her heir* and (ucccffoc* ; one other third part thereof to the ufeof the poor of the pa, rifh where fuch offence (hall be committed, and the otbe* third part thereof together tfith double colls to the party, that (hall inform and fue for the fame.

IV.	Provided, that no perfoq, (hall be profecuted by Noneprofc-

virtue of this a<l for any the offences herein meodpued* cntcd on thit (hall be profecuted for the fame by virtue^ pf *r\y other a# ^idon*pr°^" of Parliament whatfoever.	c“‘

c n

%

Digitized by L^ooQle

Tht eleventh Year of Acme.

CHAP. VIII.

DrfMt tf ttu An AHfir explaining and fioernl Statute!, for pro-*9 Writing UaJer-JbtriJft ami Sbtrifft-elerks from of noting at • *• '$•	Smijberrfs, or	Shtriffs-ett mort than one Tear.

<06

A. D.

171a.

,4**- J 9-1 ML I, 11.

.I*5,4’

AH which adb, •f force in Ireland, have been elided.

WHEREAS by an afl of Parliament made in England in the forty fecond year of King Edward the third it it ena&ed, 44 That no (heriff, under-(heriff, or fhe-“ riffs-clerk, (hall abide in his office above one year; and by another ad made in England in the firff year of King Richard the fecond it is enaded, 44 That none* who hath been 44 (berifF for a year, (hall within three yearj next enfuing be ” chofen again, or put into the office of {heriff, if there be 44 other perfons in the comity fufficient of pofTeffion and 44 goods to anfwer the King and hit people ; and by ano-other ad made in England in the firff year of King Henry the fifth h is enaded, 44 That they, which by bzytiffs of 44 (herifit for one year, (hall be in no Arch office by three years next following, except bayiifFs of (heriffs, which be 44 inheritable in their (herifwicks ; and that no mukr-ihe-44 riff, (heriffs-clerk, receiver, or fheriffs-bayliff, be at-44 toruey in any of the King's courts, during the time that he 44 is in las office with any fuen (heriffand by another ad of Parliament made in England, in the twenty third year of King Henry the fixth it is enaded, “ That if any (heriff or 44 under-(heriff, or (heriffs-clerk, occupy the office of (he-44 riffT under-(heriff, or (heriffs-clerk, contrary to any of 44 the (aid ffatntes, or againff the effed or intent of them, be 44 lhall forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds yearly as long 44 as he (ooccnpieth; and that every pardon to be made for 44 fnch offence or occupation (hall be void ; and that any 44 liege-man who will loe for the faid forfeiture (hall be re-44 ceived and admitted to fue an adion of debt in his own 44 name; the King to have the one half of what (hall be re-44 covered by fnch firit, and he or they that will fue to have 44 the ocher half;” all which ads are of force in this kingdom : and whereas the (aid ads have been notoriously eluded by under-(heriffs, (heriffs-clerks, deputies, and baybfs, continuing in their offices for feveral years together, one year as umier (heriff, other as (heriffs-clerk or deputy, receiver or bayliff, and by taking the faid offices by turns, and in other perioot names in truff, and receiving the profits for their own ufie, which hath been the occafion of much corruption, delay of jufticc, oppreffion of the fubjeds, and other mifchiefs ; for remedy whereof, and for the better and more cffe&oal execution of fuch wholfome and uecefiary laws, be it enaded and declared by the Queen's moft ex-oikat Majeffy, by and with the advice and ccnfcnt of the

lords

Digitized by

Google

Laws for exe-

7*he eleventh Tear of Anne, lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame,

•That all and every the laws and ftatutes now in force for or touching the execution of the office of under-(heriff or fheriffs-clerk, and not hereby altered or repealed, (hall be duly put in execution according to the tenor of the faid laws, and under the penalties therein contained, as by the a herein. * faid laws are dire&ed.	^

II. And for amending and explaining the faid a& of 4*S- 9* Parliament, made in England in the forty fecond year of *"i-the reign of King Edward the third, “ That no under-4t (heriffs or fheriffs-clerk (hould abide in his office above 44 one year;” be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid.

That no perfon whatfoever (hall, from and after the fixth

day of November one thoufand (even hundred and eleven,

be admitted into, or (hall take on him, or prefume to ex- None to be

ercife, execute, or officiate, bv himfelf or any under him, under rt*riff;

or in truft for him or to his n(e, the office or duty of an ^Kcutoi

undcr-fheriff, (heriffs-clerk, or county-clerk, in any county, ^

or county of a city, or town within this kingdom, who

hath within the fpace of three years next before his admif-

fion therein, executed, officiated, or exercifed, either or 3G- *• 9*

any of the faid offices or duties within the (aid county, or *5^*****

county of a city or town; and if any perfon or perfons *9

(hall after the faid fixth day of November one thoufand feven mmt ******* m

hundred and eleven offend herein, he (hall forfeit and pay

for every fuch offence the fum of five hundred pounds, to

be recovered in any of her Majefty’s Four courts of Dublin,

wherein no effoign, priviledge, prote&ion, or wager of law,

(hall be allowed, or any more than one imparlance granted; the one moiety thereof to be applied to the ufe of the workhoufe, or houfe of correction of fuch county, or county of a city, wherein fuch offence (hall be committed; the other moiety to be applied to the ufe of him, her, or them, that will fue for the fame in any of her Majefty’s Four courts at Dublin by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, grounded on this fiatute; any law or ftatute to the contrary notwithHanding; unto which faid aftion the judge or judges of the court, wherein the fame (hall be Defendant t* brought, (hall and are hereby required upon affidavit made give fufficient of fuch offence, to hold and oblige the defendant to give in k®*1* fuch adion good and fufficient bail to the faid a&ion, and *f judgment likewife, if judgment be given againft the defendant, he him, for (hall and is hereby deemed and adjudged, and made for cvcr mcapaWc* ever hereafter incapable of a&ing as under-iheriff, (heriffs-clerk, or county-clerk, in any county, county of a city, or town.	Perfons	no-

III.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-“T (aid, That all and every perfon and perfons, who (hall afterf^*^^ the (aid iixth day of November one thoufand feven hundred Sy,

and

Die by

Google

AH feet arc to hit or the high fheriff** ofe, and not to dehf-oecutioo oe actum of write.

remnoeSlnEx^

chequer.

Oath before officiating, ad-minifiered by pcrfon taking necognifance.

fhe flespenth XeV °f An“*

^pd eleven be.nominated, confuted, pr appoint^

Iherifts, (hcriffs-clerk, dr county, clerk, within any QWw*ym or coqnty of a city or towty lb all, before he pr th^y foall exercife, officiate, or in any xpxnjier execute the fa*d cyffice. Of duty of ap under-fberiffj, or (heriflVclerk, enter iptp a recognizee to her Majefty, her heirs ^pd fucceflocj* wkh fufficient fecunty, in the penalty of twq hundred ppuqd*, before a mafterof the high court of Chancery, or before a ipad^r extraordinary for taking affidavits in the country* who are hereby authorized and requited to take fpeh recognizances, conditioned that he has not Uken the faid office# duty, or ifnployroent, to the ufe of or in Cruft for apy pcrfon or perfons, who was or Hath been under-flxeriff or fherifiTs'clerk, op executed either of the fold offices pr ixpr ployments in the faid county, or epunty of a city pr town* within the (pace of three years thep next preceding, or any pthcr perfon or perfpns in truft for fuqh preceding fheriflf, and that he will execute the fame ip pcrfon; apj that all the fees and perquifites, benefits and advantages, of what nature or kind foever, are inurely to bis Qwp proper ufe, benefit, and advantage, or tp the proper ufe, benefit, and advantage of the high fhcriff; and that neither (hall or will forbear, ppflpone, or dejay the execution or return of any writ or procefs, that (hall cpme to his hands, or be lodged in the (he/ilps office, for jpiy gratuity, reward, or other confederation whatfoever: which (aid recognizance, fo taken, (hall be in two months after the taking thereof returned intp her Majpfty’s court of Exchequer; for the recording of which recognizance (hall be received the fom of two (bijlings apd fix pence, a*d no more.

IV.	And be it farther eup&ed by the authority afpreftud. That before every fuch ipider-ffieriff, fhenif’s-ejerk, or county-clerk, foall take upon him fuch office, or any way officiate therein, they (hall take apd f\vear the oaj,h folding, befpre fuch perfon or perfon*, before whpjn he CttU enter into fuch recognizance as aforefaid; which pcrfon pr perfons are hereby im powered a,iid required tp adjniuifter the frid oath: to wit,

II G. i. 4. f A. B. dp fivtor, tbflt neither /, nor apy pprfm in truf ortrrtr	fa	orfvr mj ufe or lc*eft% have Kxutc* tb of ce	or Qiy

of under-pfi'ijf >	or t:quqty:krkf 'tyitkj* the

cowty of	qk any	cf deled cr

afyid in any of tie fed4 of pcs of czy t:rx vJtfan rkrttysw left pod i rtsd the# I have iiQt tfiken lb .fad (fee or implement to the ufe of or in trujl for any perfon or perfons nzho rjebs or hath beat KWr-ftriff °r Jherifs-clerk, cr exported .either ej the fad ojgiai or	i* tip fad wW °f

^Uidn.tb fp^cccr tiree years lad	or aq,

...perfon

Digitized by L^ooQle

¥be eleventh Veer ef Anne. forjbn $r psrjbns in truft for me; and that J will execute the Jcid office in per fan ; and that atl the fits and perquifites, he-nefits and advantages, of what nature and kind Jbever he-longing to the faid office, (hall he taken to my own ufe, benefit and advantage, or the ufe of the high fleer if; and that I neither Jball or will forbear, peftpene, or delay the execution or return of any writ or proerfi, that jb*ll come to up hands$ or be lodged in the Jherijfs office, for easy gratuity, reward, or other eonfideration wbatfoever.

V.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore-* faid. That if any fuch under-fheriff, (heriffs-clerk, or

county-clerk, or any other perfon (hall execute fuch office or duty, or any way officiate therein, before he (hall have entered into fuch recognizance, and taken fuch oath as aforefaid, fuch under-meriff, (heriffs-clerk, and county-clerk, or other perfon officiating as aforefaid, (hall forfeit and pay for every fuch offence the fum of five hundred Penalty 500!. pounds, to be recovered in fuch manner, and to go to fuch (" before), ficc. ufes, and to fuch perfons, as the penalty and forfeiture before mentioned is to go.

VI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That if any fuch under-ffieriff, (heriffs-clerk, or county-clerk, or other perfon officiating as aforefaid, after having

taken fuch oath as aforefaid, (hall be found guilty, or con- of jjgv^nroffici-vibled, upon indi&ment or information of having executed atcd in 3 years the faid office or duty of under-fheriff, (heriffs-clerk, or before, Uable county-clerk, or officiating as aforefaid within the county, to Prides for or county of a city or town, within three years before he Pcr>ur*• took fuch oath, fuch under-fheriff, (heriffs-clerk, county-clerk, or other perfon officiating as aforefaid, (hall fuffer fuch pains, penalties, and forfeitures, as a perfon convi&ed of wilful perjury by the laws and ftatutes of this kingdom is and ought to fuffer.

VII.	And whereas the under-lheriffs and (heriffs clerks in feveral counties of this kingdom procure to themfelvea, or fome in truft for them, a deputation from the clerks of the peace and crown of the faid counties, wherein they officiate as under-fheriff or (heriffs clerk, and by their cun- -ning contrivance and management procure many perfons for frivolous matters to be prefented by the grand jury at the quarterly feffions, in order to have it more in their power to opprefs the country, and iffue procefs againft fuch perfons, thereby to gain to themfelves fees as under-

fiieriffs: for remedy whereof, be it enabled by the autho- Under-fctrUf, rity aforefaid, That no undcr-ffieriff or (heriffs clerk, or not to any in truft for them, or to their ufe, (hall from and “ ^erk of th* after the fixth day of December one thoufand feven hun-Vol. II.	Q_q	dred

Digitized by ^.ooQle

The eleventh Yc&r of Anne.

A- D.	drcd and eleven, execute, exercife, or in any manner a&,

C!7U.	or officiate as clerk of the peace for the fame county, he

y	8.	(hall fo aCl as undeHheriff, (heriffs-clerk, or county-clerk

as afbrefaid, under the forfeiture or penalty oF five hun-5°°1. dred pounds for every time he (hall fo a6f, execute, or officiate, to be recovered by fuch perfon or perfons who will fu« for the fame in any of her Majedy’s Four courts of Dublin by bill, plaint, or information, in which no cfToign, protection, or wager of law (hall be allowed, or more than one imparlance, and to be didributed in manner as aforefaid.



END or the SECOND VOLUME.

Digitized by
