THE

STATUTES

AT LARGE,

PASSED IN THE

PARLIAMENTS

HELD IN

IRELAND:

FROM

The Third Year of Edward the Second, A.D. 1310.

TO THE

Thirty-third Year of George the Third, A.D. 1793, inclusive.

PUBLISHED BY AUTHORITY.

IN SIXTEEN VOLUMES.

DUBLIN:

Printed by George Grierson, Printer to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty. M dcc xcvi.

THE

STATUTES

AT LARGE,

PASSED IN THE

PARLIAMENTS

HELD IN

IRELAND.

VOL. XVI.

CONTAINING

All the Statutes that have passed from the Thirty-second Year of George the Third, to the Thirty-third Year, inclusive.

PUBLISHED BY AUTHORITY.

DUBLIN:

Printed by George Grierson, Printer to the King's Most Excellent Majesty. M dcc xcvi.

THE

CONTENTS

OF THE

SIXTEENTH VOLUME.

The Thirty-second Year of GEORGE III.

CHAP. I.

AN Act for granting for one Year the several Duties therein mentioned, in Lieu of all other Duties payable upon the Articles therein specified during the said Term, and for continuing the Effect of a Treaty of Commerce and Navigation between His Majesty and the Most Christian King, and for regulating the Trade between this Kingdom and His Majesty's Colonies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned. Page 1

CHAP. II.

An Act for securing the Payment of the Annuities, and of the Interest upon the Principal Sums therein provided for, and towards the Discharge of such Principal Sums in such Manner as therein is directed, and for enabling the Officers of His Majesty's Treasury to receive certain Sums for a limited Time in Manner therein mentioned, and for other Purposes. Page 77

CHAP. III.

An Act for further continuing an Act, Entitled, An Act for Facilitating the Trade and Intercourse between this Kingdom and the United States of America. 91

CHAP. IV.

An Act for granting the Sum of Four Thousand Pounds to the Trustees of the Linen and Hempen Manufacture, and for other Purposes. ibid.

CHAP. V.

An Act for regulating the Payment of Bounties on the Exportation of certain Manufactures of this Kingdom 93

CHAP. VI.

An Act for granting the several Sums therein mentioned, for certain Pious, and Charitable Purposes. 97

CHAP. VII.

An Act for regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade. Page 100

CHAP. VIII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties. 125

CHAP. IX.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters within this Kingdom. 153

CHAP. X.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, certain Duties and Rates upon the Portage and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets within this Kingdom. 173

CHAP. XI.

An Act to amend the Laws for the Sale and Insurance of Lottery Tickets. 170

CHAP. XII.

An Act to explain the Trusts for which certain Rectories Impropriate, and Tithes forfeited, by Reason of the Rebellion in this Kingdom in the Year One thousand six hundred and eighty-eight, were conveyed to certain Trustees nominated by the several Bishops in whose Dioceses such Rectories Impropriate, and Tithes are situated. Page 188

CHAP. XIII.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of His Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for the Promotion and Encouragement of Inland Navigation, so far only as respects the Navigation from Belturbet, by Lough-Erne to the Sea, and to constitute certain Persons therein named, a Corporation for the Purpose of carrying on and completing said Navigation. 191

CHAP. XIV.

An Act for granting the Sum of Five Thousand Pounds to the Dublin Society, for the Purposes therein mentioned. 194

CHAP. XV.

An Act to explain and amend certain Laws relative to Inland Navigations of this Kingdom. 196

CHAP. XVI.

An Act for regulating the Office of Constable, and for better enforcing the Process of the criminal Law in certain Parts of this Kingdom. 202

CHAP. XVII.

An Act for continuing and amending several Laws relating to His Majesty's Revenue, and for more effectually preventing Frauds therein. 206

CHAP. XVIII.

An Act for confirming the Powers of the Society of King’s-Inns, Dublin, and to repeal an Act, Entitled, An Act to regulate the Admission of Barristers at Law. Page 246

CHAP. XIX.

An Act for continuing and amending an Act, Entitled, An Act for regulating the issuing of Licenses for the Sale of Spiritous Liquors by Retail, and for remedying the Abuses which have arisen from the immoderate Use of such Liquors. ibid.

CHAP. XX.

An Act for the Encrease of Agriculture and Commerce, by establishing a reciprocal Preference in the Corn Trade between this Kingdom and Great Britain. 265

CHAP. XXI.

An Act to remove certain Restraints and Disabilities therein mentioned, to which His Majesty's Subjects professing the Popish Religion are now subject. 271

CHAP. XXII.

An Act to indemnify such of His Majesty's Subjects professing the Popish Religion, as have omitted to take and subscribe the Oath and Declaration mentioned in an Act passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, Entitled, An Act to enable His Majesty's Subjects of whatsoever Persuasion, to testify their Allegiance to Him, and to enable such Persons to take and subscribe such Oath and Declaration at any Time before the First of November next. Page 277

CHAP. XXIII.

An Act for the further Encouragement of the Fisheries on the Coasts of this Kingdom. 278

CHAP. XXIV.

An Act for the better enabling certain Persons to open and work Mines, and to raise Coal, Culm, Minerals and Fossils in this Kingdom, and to open and improve the Harbour of Arklow, in the County of Wicklow, and to form a Canal from the said Harbour of Arklow, to the Meetings- Bridge, and to extend the same towards the Kilkenny Collieries, and the Glenmalur Mines. 279

CHAP. XXV.

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual an Act passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for the better Collection of His Majesty's Revenue arising from Forfeited Recognizances, as also an Act passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of His Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act to amend an Act passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for the better Collection of His Majesty's Revenue arising from Forfeited Recognizances, and to extend the Provisions thereof, and for enlarging the Time for John Howard Kyan, Esquire, to account pursuant to his Recognizance. 284

CHAP. XXVI.

An Act for enabling the Royal Canal Company to make Docks on the North Side of the River Liffey, under certain Conditions. Page 288

CHAP. XXVII.

An Act for the employing at hard Labour, Persons sentenced to be transported. 294

CHAP. XXVIII.

An Act further to promote the building of new Churches. 295

CHAP. XXIX.

An Act to prevent Abuses in the Collection of Tolls. 296

CHAP. XXX.

An Act for improving and keeping in Repair the Post Roads of this Kingdom. 297

CHAP. XXXI.

An Act to empower His Majesty to grant Licenses to alien Lands in Mortmain. 311

CHAP. XXXII.

An Act to enable Aliens born out of the Allegiance of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to take Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in this Kingdom, by Way of Mortgage, subject to certain Restrictions. Page 311

CHAP. XXXIII.

An Act for the Relief of Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves according to Law. 313

CHAP. XXXIV.

An Act to explain and amend an Act made in this Kingdom, in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King George the First, Entitled, An Act for the supplying a Defect in an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, Entitled, An Act for the Exchange of Glebes belonging to Churches in this Kingdom. 314

CHAP. XXXV.

An Act for repairing and preserving the Walls of the River Anna Liffey, in the City of Dublin, and for amending an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for promoting the Trade of Dublin, by rendering its Port and Harbour more commodious. 320

CHAP. XXXVI.

An Act to amend an Act made in the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty, Entitled, An Act for improving and repairing the Turnpike-Road leading from Kinnegad to Athlone. Page 365

CHAP. XXXVII.

An Act for enabling the Trustees for making, widening, and repairing the Road from Dublin to Malahide, and the other Roads leading to Dublin over Ballybough- Bridge, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament, more effectually to carry the said Acts into Execution. 366

CHAP. XXXVIII.

An Act to amend an Act, Entitled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Maryborough, in the Queen’s-County, through the Towns of Mountrath, Castletown, and Borris in Offory, in the same County, and from thence through the Town of Roscrea, in the County of Tipperary, and through the Town of Dunkerrin, in the King’s-County, to the Town of Tomivarah, in the said County of Tipperary. 369

CHAP. XXXIX.

An Act to explain and amend the several Laws for repairing and amending the Turnpike Road leading from Kilkenny to Clogheen. 371

CHAP. XL.

An Act for reviving and continuing certain Temporary Statutes. Page 394

CHAP. XLI.

An Act for the Relief of the Creditors of Robert Brook, late of Prosperous, in the County of Kildare, Esquire. 396

The Thirty-third Year of GEORGE III.

CHAP. I.

An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cases, and Subjects of this Kingdom, who have served, or are serving in Foreign Armies. 401

CHAP. II.

An Act to prevent the Importation of Arms, Gunpowder, and Ammunition into this Kingdom; and the removing and keeping of Gunpowder, Arms, and Ammunition, without License. 418

CHAP. III.

An Act for indemnifying such Persons as have acted for the Service of the Public, in advising or carrying into Execution Three several Proclamations of the Lord Lieutenant and Council, of this Kingdom, bearing Date the Twenty-sixth Day of December, One thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and the Seventeenth Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and ninety-three respectively, and for establishing certain Bonds therein mentioned. Page 423

CHAP. IV.

An Act for granting for one Year the several Duties therein mentioned, in Lieu of all other Duties payable upon the Articles therein specified during the said Term, and for continuing the Effect of the Treaty of Commerce and Navigation signed at Versailles on the Twenty-sixth Day of September, One thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, between His Majesty and the Most Christian King, and for regulating the Trade between this Kingdom and His Majesty's Colonies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned. 426

CHAP. V.

An Act for securing the Payment of the Annuities, and of the interest upon the Principal Sums therein provided for, and towards the Discharge of such Principal Sums in such Manner as therein is directed, and for enabling the Officers of His Majesty's Treasury to receive certain Sums for a limited Time in Manner therein mentioned, and for other Purposes. Page 503

CHAP. VI.

An Act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback, and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar. Page 516

CHAP. VII.

An Act for further continuing an Act, Entitled, An Act for facilitating the Trade and Intercourse between this Kingdom and the United States of America. 523

CHAP. VIII.

An Act for regulating the Payment of Bounties on the Exportation of certain Manufactures of this Kingdom. ibid.

CHAP. IX.

An Act for granting the several Sums therein mentioned, for certain Pious and Charitable Purposes. 528

CHAP. X.

An Act for confirming, amending, and enlarging the Powers vested in the Corporation for promoting and carrying on the Newry Navigation. 529

CHAP. XI.

An Act for regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade. 541

CHAP. XII.

An Act for granting the Sum of Four Thousand Pounds to the Trustees of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures, and for other Purposes. Page 565

CHAP. XIII.

An Act for granting the Sum of Five Thousand Pounds to the Dublin Society, for the Purposes therein mentioned. 570

CHAP. XIV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, for one Year, the Duties therein mentioned on Fire Hearths, in Lieu of all Duties payable on the same, prior to, or during the said Term. 573

CHAP. XV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties. 578

CHAP. XVI.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters within this Kingdom. 606

CHAP. XVII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, certain Duties and Rates upon the Portage and Conveyance. of all Letters and Packets within this Kingdom. Page 626

CHAP. XVIII.

An Act to prevent Insurance of Lottery Tickets, to regulate the Drawing of Lotteries, and to amend the Laws respecting the same. 633

CHAP. XIX.

An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Castlecomer, in the County of Kilkenny, to the City ot Kilkenny. 645

CHAP. XX.

An Act for continuing and amending the several Acts, for making, widening, and repairing the Road leading from the Town of Newcastle, in the County of Limerick, to the City of Limerick, and from thence to the Bounds of the Counties of Limerick and Cork, between the Towns of Killmallock and Charleville, and to continue an Act passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, Entitled, An Act to continue and amend an Act passed in the Fifth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Newcastle in the County of Limerick, to the City of Limerick, and from thence to the City of Cork. 661

CHAP. XXI.

An Act For the Relief of His Majesty's Popish, or Roman Catholick Subjects of Ireland. Page 685

CHAP. XXII.

An Act for amending, and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia in Ireland. 692

CHAP. XXIII.

An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen and Marines employed in the Royal Navy, by rendering it more easy to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, to remit their Wages to this Kingdom, and by providing for the Payment in this Kingdom, of Wages due to deceased Officers, Seamen, and Marines, as aforesaid. 746

CHAP. XXIV.

An Act for the Relief of Persons carrying on the Baking Trade in the City of Dublin. 770

CHAP. XXV.

An Act to encourage the Improvement of Barren Land. 771

CHAP. XXVI.

An Act for further amending the several Laws for making, widening, and repairing the Road from Dublin to Malahide, and the other Roads leading to Dublin over Ballybough-Bridge, and for enabling the Trustees for the said Purposes, to borrow a further Sum to complete a new Communication Eallward of Ballybough-Bridge. Page 774

CHAP. XXVII.

An Act for confirming and establishing certain Articles of Agreement made between the Trustees named and appointed by the last Will and Testament of Richard Morgan, late of Newcastle, in the County of Dublin, Esquire, deceased, and John Gridley, of the City of Dublin, Esquire, the Nephew and Heir at Law of the said Richard Morgan, concerning the real and personal Estates whereof the said Richard Morgan died seized and possessed, and for other Purposes. 779

CHAP. XXVIII.

An Act to provide for the Families of Persons chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia of this Kingdom.1793

CHAP. XXIX.

An Act to prevent the Election or Appointment of unlawful Assemblies, under Pretence of preparing or presenting public Petitions, or other Addresses to His Majesty, or the Parliament. 794

CHAP. XXX.

An Act more effectually to prevent, during the present War between Great Britain and France, all traiterous Correspondence. with, or Aid, or Assistance being given to His Majesty's Enemies. Page 796

CHAP. XXXI.

An Act for regulating the Trade of Ireland, to and from the East Indies, under certain Conditions and Provisions, for a Time therein mentioned. 802

CHAP. XXXII.

An Act to explain and reduce into One Act, the several Laws for making, repairing, or amending the Turnpike Roads leading from the Town of Naas, to the Towns of Maryborough and Ballyroan, from the said Town of Maryborough, to the City of Limerick, and from the Town of Nenagh, to O’Brien’s Bridge. 824

CHAP. XXXIII.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia for one Year, from the Twenty-fifth of March, One thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and for the more easily railing of the same. 858

CHAP. XXXIV.

An Act for the Support of the Honour and Dignity of His Majesty's Crown in Ireland, and for granting to His Majesty a Civil List Establishment, under certain Provisions and Regulations. Page 863

CHAP. XXXV.

An Act for the better Regulation of the Marshalsea of the Four Courts in Dublin. 873

CHAP. XXXVI.

An Act for continuing the Duties granted to His Majesty on Licenses for the Retail of Spirituous Liquors, and for continuing the Regulations for issuing such Licenses, and for remedying the Abuses which have arisen from the immoderate Use of such Liquors. 875

CHAP. XXXVII.

An Act for continuing and amending the several Laws relating to His Majesty's Revenue, and for more effectually preventing Frauds therein. 877

CHAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for giving Relief in Proceedings upon Writs of Mandamus, for the Admission of Freemen into Corporations. 897

CHAP. XXXIX.

An Act to enable his Excellency the Lord Lieutenant, to issue Treasury Bills, for raising the Sum of Three Hundred Thousand Pounds. Page 899

CHAP. XL.

An Act to prevent the excessive Price of Coals in the City of Dublin, and for encouraging the Storing thereof. 902

CHAP. XLI.

An Act for securing the Freedom and Independence of the House of Commons, by excluding therefrom Persons holding any Offices under the Crown, to be hereafter created, or holding certain Offices therein enumerated, or Pensions for Terms of Years, or during His Majesty's Pleasure. 911

CHAP. XLII.

An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, in Regard to the Imprisonment of their Persons. 914

CHAP. XLIII.

An Act to remove Doubts respecting the Functions of Juries in cases of Libel. 924

CHAP. XLIV.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the Thirty-second Years of His Majesty, Entitled, An Act for confirming the Powers of the Society of King’s-Inns, Dublin, and to repeal an Act, Entitled, An Act to regulate the Admission of Barristers at Law, as confirms the Charter of the said Society. Page 925

CHAP. XLV.

An Act for the Trial of Treason committed out of the King’s Dominions. ibid.

CHAP. XLVI.

An Act to amend and explain an Act passed in the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for improving and keeping in Repair the Post Roads of this Kingdom. 326

CHAP. XLVII.

An Act for the further regulating the Price at which Coals shall be purchased, for the Supply of the Public Coal Yards in the City of Cork, and sold out of the same. 927

CHAP. XLVIII.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, Entitled, An Act to explain the Trusts for which certain Rectories Impropriate, and Tithes forfeited by Reason of the Rebellion in this Kingdom, in the Year One thousand six hundred and eighty-eight, were conveyed to certain Trustees nominated by the several Bishops in whose Dioceses such Rectories Impropriate and Tithes are situated. Page 929

CHAP. XLIX.

An Act for re-vesting in His Majesty the Estates forfeited in One thousand six hundred and eighty-eight, yet remaining unsold. 931

CHAP. L.

An Act for the Encouragement of the Fisheries in this Kingdom, and for continuing certain Acts respecting the same. 933

CHAP. LI.

An Act to remove some Doubts respecting Persons in Office taking the Sacramental Test. 934

CHAP. LII.

An Act for the Advancement of Trade and Manufactures, by granting the Sums therein mentioned, for the Support of Commercial Credit. 935

CHAP. LIII.

An Act for making and constituting a new Parish, by the Name of the Parish of Saint George, on the Ground adjoining the City of Dublin therein described, and for erecting and building a Parish Church therein. Page 960

CHAP. LIV.

An Act for amending an Act, Entitled, An Act for repairing and preserving the Walls of the River Anna Liffey, in the City of Dublin, and for amending an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for promoting the Trade of Dublin, by rendering its Port and Harbour more commodious. 968

CHAP. LV.

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces, while on Shore. 977

CHAP. LVI.

An Act respecting the Collection of Publick Money, to be levied in the County of the City of Dublin, by Presentment. 992

A

COLLECTION

OF

STATUTES.

The Thirty-second Year of GEORGE III.

CHAP. I.

---

An Act for granting for one Year the several Duties therein mentioned, in Lieu of all other Duties payable upon the Articles therein specifed during the said Term, and for continuing the Effect of a Treaty of Commerce and Navigation between His Majesty and the Most Chrifian King, and for regulating the Trade between this Kingdom and His Majestys Colonies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

A.D. 1792. Chap. 1. Expired.

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the commons of Ireland, in parliament assembled, having a just fcnfe of your royal care of all your subjects, and well knowing that die security and prosperity of this realm depend upon the support of your Majesty's government, most humbly beseech your Majesty, that It may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That three thousand two hundred and thirty-two men, commission and noa-commission officers included,

2 The thirty-second Year of George III.

A.D.

over and above twelve thousand cfTective men, which are necessary to be maintained ,j -r^2. within this kingdom for its defence, be maintained for one year, from the first day

Chap. I. of April, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, to the tlnrty-first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three inclusive, so as that the forces on the establishment of this kingdom may amount to fifteen thousand two hundred and thirty-two cflcctive men, commission and non-commission officers included.

II. And whereas in order to enable your Majesty to carry into execution your Majesty's intentions, and determined resolution, signified to us by his excellency the lord viscount Tov.nfcnd, late lord lieutenant of this kingdom, by your Majesty's command, to keep within this kingdom for the necessary defence, of the fame, twelve thousand effective men, commission and non-commission officers included, at all

times, unless' in cases of invasion or rebellion in Great Britain, and to defray the other necessary expences of your Majesty's government, it will be necessary to grant

the several duties herein after mentioned 5 be it enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, until the twenty-fifth day of March, which shall be in the year ’one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three inclusive, and no longer, there shall be throughout your Majesty's kingdom of Ireland, granted, raised, collected, levied and paid to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, upon the several goods, wares and merchandizes, mentioned and set forth in the several schedules or tables, marked A.B. C.D. hereunto annexed, which, shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, the several duties as the fame arc -respectively described. and set forth in figures in the said schedules and tables, marked A.B. C.D. that there shall be also granted and paid to your Majesty, your heirs and successor?, during the 'time aforesaid, upon the several goods, wares, and merchandizes, mentioned and set forth in the schedule marked E. hereunto also annexed, not being comprised in the said schedules A.B. C.D. and which shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, the several duties as the fame arc reflectively described and fct ‘forth in the said schedule or table1 marked E. and that there shall be also granted to your Majesty, your -heirs ami successors, during the time aforesaid, upon all goods, wares, and merchandize which shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, by any perfoa being a retailer or consumcr, in ready money net, without any discount or allowance* an additional duty after the rate of six pounds per centum on the duties payable thereon respectively, Over and above the full amount of such duties, except sugars, and

except the several articles being of the growth, produce, or manufacture of France, or the French dominions in Europe, set forth in the said schedule marked -B. imported as aforesaid, except wines.

III. And be it enacted, That every person felling any kind of goods,'wares, or merchandize in any other package than that in which the fame were imported into this kingdom, shall be deemed arid taken to be a retailer, except such persons as deal in and fell wine in quantities not less than one gallon, or nutmegs, mace, cloves, or cinnamon, drugs, dying stuffs, and the materials of manufacture; and persons dealing in porter, who sell the same in corked bottles, not less than four dozen of quart bottles at any one time \ and persons dealing in cyder, who felLthe fame in-corked bottles, not less than two dozen of quart bottles at one time.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said several duties mentioned in Hie said several schedules A.B. C.D. E. to be paid on Hie importation of the several goods, wares and merchandize "therein reflectively mentioned, into this kingdom, and the several sums of money and duties -of inland excise in the schedule marked G. hereunto annexed, shall from the twenty-fifth day of March, in the year ’one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, until the twenty-fifth-day of March, in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and no longer, be respectively paid, in lieu and full satisfaction of all customs, subsidies, and duties whatsoever payable by any

The thirty-feccnd Year of George III. 3

any person not being n retailer or consumer, upon the importation of such goods, A.D. wares ami merchandize into this kingdom, on which such duties at importation are 1792. impofeil, except the duties payable upon coals, by an act passed 111 the twenty-third (^hap. j. and twenty-fourth years of your Majesty's reign, entitled, an act for continuing ami amending an act, passed in the twenty-second year of his prfent Majtflys reign, entitled, an act for the improvement of the city c/~ Dublin, by making wide and convenient pafhges through the [amt) and fir regulating the coal trade thereof and fir other purposes, and of the said several duties of excise, by virtue of any law or laws heretofore made, and shall be severallyjinid down in ready money net, without any discount or allowance whatsoever, favc'that ready money shall not be paid -upon goods, the duties upon which arc or shall be directed to be bonded by any act of this session -of parliament.

V. And be it enacted, That in all cases where the duties by this act imposed on tobacco imported into this kingdom -shall be paid, the sum of two-pence halfpenny for each pound weight thereof, and so much of the produce of the duties arising upon teas as shall amount to the sum of seven thousand three hundred pounds, Audi be placed to the account of your Majesty's hereditary revenue; and that the proper officers do keep a separate and distinct account of all the goods, wares, and merchandize imported into, and exported from this kingdom, and of the feveval sums of money ard duties of inland excise by this act granted, and of the 'hereditary duties which would have been payable if this act had not been made, and that such officers do regularly enter the amount of such hereditary duties; and that so much of the monies arising from the duties imposed by this act on such goods, wares, or merchandize, articles and things, as such hereditary duties would have amounted to, shall be regularly and duly placed to the account of your Majesty's hereditary rc-venuc.

VI. And be it enacted, That for and upon every' barrel of malt ground or un-ground, made of barley, or of any other corn or grain which shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, there shall be paid to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, a duty of two shillings and flxpence, over and above all duties now payable thereon, by virtue of an act passed in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of your Majesty's reign, entitled, an act for regulating the corn trade, promoting agrietdture, and providing a regular and fieady fufply of corn in this kingdom, and for granting to his Majesty, his heirs and successirs, the duties therein mentioned, or by any act which shall be passed this session of parliament $ and for and upon every entry inwards which shall be.made in the port of Dublin, during the time aforesaid, except poll entries, and entries of coals, a duty of one Hulling.

VII. And for the better ascertaining of the,price of teas, according to which the duties arc imposed thereon, be it enacted, That the price of all teas imported lie inferred in the cockcts, and that such price be further nfecrtauied by a reference to the f;Jo books oLthe East India company, copies whereof, or of J’uch parrs thereof a» shall relate to the teas so imported, nttefted by the principal accountant, or deputy accountant for the time being, of the East India company, the conmulhoners of the revenue are required to procure from time to time for the purpose aforesaid, and which copies being verified by affidavit made before the lord mayor of London fer the time being, and-being attested.by a notary public at the city of London, shall without further proof either of the salt! affidavit, or of the said copies, lie admitted as evidence in all-fiats commenced or arising upon this act.

VIA. And be it enacted, That upon the exportation cf 0 c several goods, wares, or merchandizes, mentioned in the schedules, marked A.B. C. J). E. the feverr.I drawbacks of the said duties shall be paid and allowed as the fame arc respectively inserttd, '.described, and set forth in figures in the said schedules, marked A.B. C.

D. J£. and that the whole of the find duties shall be drawn back on such of the said

A 2 goods,

The thirij-fmncl Year of George III.

£00(15) wares, and merchandizes, as are by the said schedules, or the titles of the 2t laid schedules, expressed to be entitled to such whole drawbacks, fare as to imported j herrings, and unless otherwise directed by this act*, provided that such goods be c:c-ported within three years from the importation thereof, and that due proof be made of the entry of fneh goods, and of the payment of the duties thereon, and that all other requisites have been performed which are by law required to be performed for obtaining drawbacks, and in such case, such drawbacks Audi without any fee or deduction \k‘ paid by the several collector.s at the pots of exportation, out of any money unappropriated, arising out of any aids or duties by them collected within one month after demand.

IX. And be it enacted, That upon all tobacco manufactured in this kingdom, which shall be exported, there shall be allowed by way of drawback, or conipensation-for the duty paid on the import of the leaf tobacco, whereof it was manufactured, the sum of five pence for every pound weight of such manufactured tobacco; and a further sum after tire rate of two shillings and three pence for every five pounds weight thereof, upon proof being made that such manufactured tobacco paid the inland or excise duty payable thereon.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no drawback of any duty on any goods, waves, or merchandize, which shall be exported from tins kingdom, shall be paid, unlofs the proofs necesliiry for obtaining such drawback be made, and the drawback claimed within two years from the time of the flopping of such goods for exportation.

XI. And be it enacted, That no duty shall be paid on the importation into this kingdom cf any of the articles specified in any of the said schedules to be duty free, nor upon any woods for dyers use; nor upon any raw and undressed fcnl flrins taken by the crews of vdlels belonging to, and fitted out from this kingdom, Great Britain,

Jciley, (luernfey, or Mail, whereof the captain or mailer, and three-fourths or the mariners at Lv.fi, liia'i be your Majesty's fubic&s, or by persons employed by the cullers or owner', cf such vessels, nor upon any raw silk of the growth or culture of America.

XII. And be it enacted, That the several and respective bounties and allowances mentioned and evprefied in the schedule, marked G. hereunto annexed, shall be paid upon th. exportation of the several manufactures of this kingdom, specified in the said schedule, as in the f.iid schedule is mentioned.

XIII. And be it enacted, That such bounties and allowances shall be paid out of any monies aiifing from any duties granted by parliament, and not appropriated to any particular purpose by the collector of the port where such goods shall be shipped (or exportation.

XIV. And whereas by a treaty of navigation and commerce, concluded between your Majesty and the most Christian King, wines, beer,‘cutlery, hard-ware, cabinet-ware, am! turnery, all works of iron, ftcel, copper and brass, ami all forts of cottons manufactured in the dominions of his melt Christian Majesty in Europe; also woollens, whether knit or wove, including hoficrv, fadlery, gauzes; also millinary made of mufiin, lawn, cambrick, or gauze, of the manufacture of France, or of any place belonging to, or under the dominion of his most Christiari Majesty in Europe; also linens, c.nubricks, earthen-ware, pottery, and porcelain, plate-glass, and glass-ware, are to be imported into this kingdom on payment of certain duties, as in the said treaty is particularly stipulated and agreed upon; in order therefore to continue the ellcct of tile laid treaty, be it enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thcufaml seven hundred and ninety-two, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three inchifive, all wines and linens, being the produce or msmufaflure of France; and all beer, cutlery, hard-ware, cabinet-ware, and turnery; all works of iron, (led, copper, and brass; and all forts /.f coitciu manufactured in the dominions of his moil Chriilian Majesty in Europe;

The thirty-second Year of George III. 5

also woollens, whether knit or wove, including liofieiy, fadlery, gauzes; also millt- A.D.

nary made up of rnullin, lawn, camfcrick, or gauze, of the manufacture of Frante, 1792*

or of any place belonging to, or under the dominion of his most Christian Majesty in Qjap, I.

Europe \ also cambricks, earthen-waTe, pottery, and porcelain, plate-glass, and

glass-ware, may be imported into tins kingdom in any British or Irish built ship or

veiTe!, owned, navigated, and registered according to law, or in any French built

ffeip or vefil‘1, wholly owned by the subjects of his most Christian Majesty, and

whereof the master and three-fourths of the mariners at the least are also subjects of his most Christian Majesty, from any port or place -whatever in Europe, belonging

to, or under the dominion of his most Cln iflian Majesty, upon due entry of such

goods at the custoni ftoufe, in the port or phee in this kingdom into which the fame

shall be respectively brought or "imported, and on payment of the several and respect

tive duties inserted, described, and set forth in the aforesaid schedule, marked B.

previous to the ur.shipping or landing of such goods respectively.

XV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three inclusive, any sort of French wine may be imported into this kingdom m quart bottles or ilaiks, either for sale or ©therwife, any law to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. Provided always, That nothing iii this act contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to permit or allow the importation of any French cnmbricks or lawns, otherwise than in ships or vessels of the burthen of sixty tons or upwards, and in bales, cases, or boxes covered with sack-cloth or canvas, each of which bales, cases, or boxes, shall contain one hundred whole pieces, or two hundred demi or half pieces, of such cambricks or lawns, or the importation of any French wines, in bottles or Hailes, other than in packages, each of which shall contain at the least three dozen quart bottles or flasks; and in case any French cambricks or lawns, or any French wines in bottles or stalks, shall be imported in any other form or manner, or in any less quantity than as aforesaid, the same shall be, and are hereby declared to be forfeited, and -shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the revenue.

XVII. And ‘whereas it is stipulated in the said treaty of navigation and commerce, that all articles of the growth, produce, or manufacture of the dominions of the said two sovereigns in Europe, not included in die sixth article of the said treaty, shall be mutually imported on payment of duties, as low as are payable 011 the importation uf like articles from any other European nation: And whereas all such articles included in the said sixth article of the said treaty, so far as the fame relates to this kingdom, arc contained in die schedule hereunto annexed, marked ’B. be it enacted, That for and upon all articles, the growth, produce or manufacture of France, or of any place belonging to, or under the dominion of his most Christian Majesty in Europe, not mentioned in the said schedule, which shall be imported into this kingdom during* the time aforesaid, directly from France, or from any place belonging to, or under the dominion of his most Christian Majesty in Europe, no higher duties shall be rail* ed, levied and paid unto your Majesty, your heirs and successors, than are payable on the "importation of the like articles from any odier foreign European nation, any law to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That for and upon the several goads, wares, and merchandize, mentioned in the schedules or tables, marked D. and F. hereunto an* nexed, which shall be exported from this kingdom during the time aforesaid, there -shall be raised, collected, levied, and paid unto your Majesty, your heirs and fuc* ccflors, the several duties and iropositions mentioned in figures in the said schedule or table, in lieu and full satisfaction of all subsidies and duties payable oil the exportation of such wares and merchandize from this kingdom, during the time aforesaid,

6 The thirty-second Year of George III.

A.D.

and no longer; and for and upon the foreign fpfrits i;\ the said schedule hereunto annexed, ami mi'rlvd P -.v! ich frail, frning t,h? ti,me afore find, be exported from this kingdom to any Br.uih col- «ny or ;1 ntafroa in America, or the West Indies, or to any lJritish fottkment on tire couft of Africa, there frail be paid for every gallon, thereof, the several duties in the f.vvd frhvdutc respectively mentioned.

XIX. And be it enacted, That no fuhfidy, or duty whatsoever, frail; be payable to your Majesty, your heirs and successor?, from the hud twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand, seven hundred and ninety-twc, to the twenty,-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and r.incty-thr^e, upon fre exportation of any goods or merchandize, the produce or nianufacture of this kingdom, not mentioned in the faief scheduivGj marked D. and E. except the alnage duties,

XX. And be it enacted, That np custom, subsidy, or duty whatsoever, shall be payable on the export to any place whatsoever, of logwood of the gvow.di or produce of the Britilli settlements in America or the West Indies, provided the fame be' exported in Britishi or Irifr shipping, nor. upon any lcail-cvc exported to Great Britain.

XXI. And be it enacted, That no duty shall be paid unto your Majesty, your heirs and successors, upon the exportation.of, any flour, or upon any rape-feed-oil, made and manufactured in this kingdom, nor. upon any. fifr. which fnr.ll be aired in this kingdon^j nnd th.it no.duty whatsoever. frail be payable on. the exportation of gold or silver bullion, or, foreign coin, whatsoever, cut or uncut, to any place, whau soever, except to the British settlements on the coalt of Africa, or to the British. plantations in' America or the West Indies.; nor shall any entry,whatsoever on the exportation of such,bullion or coin, cxpept/to the.British, settlements on, the.coafrof. Africa, or the Bj'ltifr plantations in America or the West Indies* bp, required or.de-. mantled for the same, by any officer of jour Majesty's revenue, any lax to the contrary notwithstanding; provided that,all such goods and merchandize, the produce, or maimfaclure of this kingdom, as may.be, exported withqup paying any duty, touching which no speciul provision is made by any. law, may. be exported, so that, due entry of such goods and merchandize be.first mpde at thqcustom-hcufe of the port where the lame shall be exported, which entry shall express the quantity and quality of the respective goods so to be exported, and shall be,made in-all respects in thy fiime iuar.iier as was used.and practised in respect of any, goods exported before, the making of this act, and fq ns the fame^be fripped by. the proper, officer for. that purpose, and so as the exporter do first.make oath, or if a known quaker, a. solemn. afiirmatio.n, before the eullo.nier, comptroller, ov,oilier chief officer of such.port, wtah oath .01: affirmation inch olHcer is hereby required .-and. empowered to ad-, numfter, that such goods; are of Irifr n^mifacture, or produce, and in.default'of performing the find requisite?, or any of, them, such goods and, merchandize, the.' produce or manufacture of this ktngdoni, fiiafi be liable to the payment of duties as. if this act hail not been nude, any law to, the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it enacted, That the.vcduc of all goods, wares, and merchandizes, according to,which the.duties in env,of the find schedules, marked B '.H arc afccr-tahied, are to be mfwertd, lctied, collected, and paid, shall ins! erfes he-taken lor. fce (b much as ft-ch imported greds, wares,.or merchandizes respective!y arc really. vr.rth, andxh.it fr.ch v.-iuc m-i r.vfc fraii he afeevwsned by the dccknuion of the--importer cr proprietor of fuyi ftoods, or by knojvn agent or factor, in.-mannev-and. form following;

/ A. {\. ‘k ik/iers, ifas the gstds waify/itf so this.aitry, and csfilr.wed in the packgts (here speeij} fog the fteiivl ^hjiigo', oml. deftribing the ft vera! mark a:.a n:;rn-nr the ease may be) are of the gmvih, produce, or minufiiciur: (as the^f.may be) »f and that f an: the importer or proprietor thsr&ft, c r that

I am

4

7

The thirty-second Year of George III.

1 am duly authorized by C. 1). the importer or prey r:i for thereof (as the case may he J and A.D. } do enter the fume at the value f 7*7t:uf unhand J 792.

% of ' A.B. Clup. I.

Tlx above declarationfgned the day of in the presence of j

Which declaration fli.ill be written on die warrant of the entry of such goods, wares, or merchandizes, ami that! be subscribed with the name of the importer or proprietor thereof, or his known agent or factor, in the presence of one of the principal officers of the revenue of the port of importation, anthcrilcii to take such declaration, who snail certify the fame under his ham!; and hull declaration, so made and signed, fli.dl be to all intents and purpdlos whatsoever of the lame force and cfic£l, and the importer or proprietors cf such goods, wares, or merchandize, shall he in every re- ' fpcfl bound by faeh declaration, as' fully and cfiecfually as if the \alue of such goods, wares, or merchandize lr.ul been as heretofore nfeerntined by the oath or affirmation of such importer or proprietor; ami if upon view and examination thereof by die proper officers of the revenue, it shall appear to them that' such gbods, wares, or mcreh/ndlze, or any of them, are not valued according to the true price or value thereof, mid according to the true intent and meaning of this a clj that thcil and in such case it shall ami* may be lawful for the said officers of your Majesty's revenue, as loon as conveniently may be, and without any unnecessary delay, to take and detain such goods, wares, and merchandizes, and to cause the same to be carried and conveyed into your Majesty's warehouse, or otherwise properly secured' at the port of importation, for the use and benefit of your Majesty *, and the commissioners of the revenue-, or any four of them, are hereby respectively empowered to direct the collector of the port in this kingdom into which such goods, wares, or merchandize may have been imported, to pay- out of any money in his hands applicable to the fame, to the importer or proprietor of such goods, wares, or merchandize, the value thereof so ascertained as aforesaid, together with an addition of ten pounds per centum thereon, and also the duties paid cn the importation of such goods, but without’ any further allowance cither 011 account of freight, or any other charge or expence whatever, which payment the said commissioners of your Majesty's revenue are hereby <iirected to cause to be made within one month after the goods shall have been so taken and detained.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That such payment so made to the importer or proprietor of such goods, wares, or merchandize rofpcclively, shall be deemed and taken to be in full satisfaction for the same, to all intents and purpefes, as if such’goods, wares, or merchandize respectively had been regularly fold; and that* it shall and may be- lawful'* for the* said commissioners, whether the value of the goods,' waros, or merchandize, so respectively ascertained, together with the addition of ten pounds per centum thereon, and also of the duties paid on the importation thereof, be demanded or not, to c.iufe the said goods, wares, or merchandize respectively to bc fairly and pubaekiy sold to the heft advantage $ and in case there shall be any overplus remaining from the produce cf such fide, after deducting the'value so ai-certafncd as aforesaid, together with the addition of ten pounds per centum thereon, and also of the duties paid on the importation thereof, and also the charges arising from the warchoufing and fide of such goods, the said commissioners shall and may order one moiety of such overplus to be paid to the several and respective officers of the revenue concerned in the view and examination of such poods, wares, or merchandize, as an encouragement for the faithful discharge of their duty *, and the other moiety of such overplus, together with the amount of the value of the goods so ascertained as aforesaid, with the addition of ten pounds per ctr.Utw, and also of the duties paid on the importation thereof, shall be paid into the lianas of the collector of the port within which such goods shall have been fold, for the use of your Majesty

8

The thirij-Jectnd Year of George III.

A.D. 1792. tCh;ip. 1.

' Majesty} but in case tl.e produce of such sale, after deducting the charges arising from the wnrchoitimp, feenring, and faJc of such goods, shall not amount to so much as.rhc'value of such goods so afccrtalncd as aforesaid, with the addition of ten pounds per centum thereon, and of the duties paid on the importation thereof, that then and in such case, the whole produce of the sale of such goods, after de-'duGing the charges arising from the warchoufing, securing and sale thereof, shall be paid to the colleflorof the^ort within which such goods shall have been so.fbld, for the use- of your Majesty.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That-whatever money shall be paid into the hands el any such collector, on account of the produce of such sale, shall be By Inn: accounted -for, in like manner as if such.money had been-receivedby him for-or on account of the duties hereby granted.

XXV. And be it enacted, That there /hallbe raised, collected, levied, and paid

unto-your Majesty, your heirs and successors, during the time aforesaid, and.no longer, upon the several goods, wares, merchandizes, articles and things, mentioned, »set forth, ami describecl in thefchcdulc -or table, marked H. hereunto annexed, the several sums of money, and duties of inland excise, as they arc respectively inferred, ^described, and set forth in the fail schedule.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That the several. licenses .‘mentioned in the said sche-dulc, marked II. on which die respective duties mentioned therein are to be paid, 'shall continue in force until the twenty-fifth dny-of March, one thousand seven hull-*dred and ninctyrthrce, and no longer.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That there shall be paid to every person exporting malt out of this -kingdom, on which the duty payable thereon by this act stir.ll have been paid, a drawback of two shillings ami six pence for each barrel thereof, by the col!e£lorof the,p/'rt from which such unalt shall be exported, *out of any money in his ham!-*; arising from any unappropriated aids or duties granted to your Majesty

or if such nialr ih.dl be exported within the rime allowed by law for the payment of the duties thereon, then the charge upon such 'malt shall be -vacated for so much as shall be exported, upon the person or persons exporting die fame performing regularly the fame reipiilites, and complying with the fame regulations and restrictions as are

to ho made ami-observed by purlin's exporting any article whereon any bounties -or

drawbacks are payable for obtaining the same.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That all spirits diflUled within this kingdom, which shall be flopped for exportation, and for which any-allowance or drawback' shall be claimed, shall be of a Ilrength, not Ids dian a Ilrength equal to five degrees, or ten per cent, under hydrometer proof 5 and the person or persons who shall export the same to any.place, except Great Britain, or the islands of Farro or Ferro, in the manner herein after directed, shall be entitled, to, and shall receive-one shilling and one penny halfpenny per gallon, for every gallon of such spirits, and of such degree of Ilrength so to be exported, as and for a drawback-of the whole excise paid for the Tame, which shall be in lieu of all drawbacks or allowances heretofore given on‘ such export, any act or acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That if the spirits or brandies so to be exported, shall be of greater Ilrength than of five degrees 'Under hydrometer proof, there shall be paid a further drawback, after the T.'.ie of one penny half-penny per gallon, over and above die lum of one -lhiiling and one penny half-penny aforesaid, for every four degrees which the fume shall exceed the ilrength above 'mentioned, and lb in proportion for any greater or less quantity; provided always, -that no drawback on any

one gflioin-f spirits or brandies shall exceed in the whole the firm of one shilling ami seven p nice.

XX\. And be it enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend to repeal or alt *, tlx duties upon beer, ale, and spirits or Itrong waters, payable by virtue of

_aa

The thirtysecond Year of George III.9

an act passed In the thirteenth and fourteenth years of your Majesty's reign, entitled,A.D.

An act for continuing and amending three feveml «?<?/, one passed in the reign of his late j yg >. Majesty George thefec/id, and the other two tn his present Mafeflf s reign, for making (Jhap. J, the river Lagan navigable, and opening a communication by water, between Loughneagh and the town of Belfujl, and for enabling the commffmers therein named to raise money by qjjignment of fetid duties, for the more expeditious and tffeElual carrying on ftld worh , nor to eft'eft any drawback of the said duties thereby allowed.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That eight pence per gallon of so much of the duty by this act imposed on all brandy, strong waters, and spirits perfectly made* and spirits not above proof, made and distilled of wine; and a further Aim of ten pence per gallon of so much of the duty imposed on all rum, or other spirits of the growth and produce of your Majesty's sugar colonies in America; and a further sum of one shilling ami eight pence per gallon of so much of the duty imposed on all brandy, geneva, and all other spirits, except of the growth or produce of your Mr.-jesty’s sugar colonies in America; and ten pence per gallon of the duties on all a/j:a vit.s spirits and strong waters, made and dillilled in this kingdom $ and such further duties as shall be paid on all foreign spirits, in proportion to the duties payable for Angle spirits of the fame denomination, according to the comparative degree of strength which such spirits bear to bugle spirits of the fame denomination; and one moiety of the duty on all playing cards, made, manufactured, or vended in this kingdom, shall be applied towards the payment of the several principal Aims due all debentures and treasury bills, and the interest thereof, and of the life and other annuities, as directed by any act or acts of parliament passed during this fef-.lion.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That so much of the duties by this act imposed on Taw and untanned hides, and on lin-feed oil imported, as shall remain after deducting the hereditary duties thereon, shall he paid to the trustees for encouraging the liempen and flaxen manufactures of this kingdom, to be by them applied towards encouraging and raising of flax-feed in this kingdom; and that nine flnlliogsper barrel of the duty by this act imposed upon all herrings, except Bririfli herrings, shall be applied to encourage the iifhcries of this kingdom, in such manner as flrnll be directed by parliament.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That all duties paid to, and all sums granted to the trustees of the linen and hempen -manufactures, shall be exempted from the payment of all fees.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That the several sums granted by this act, or any other act of parliament now of force in this kingdom, and appropriated to encourage the railing sufficient quantities of flax-feed and hemp, and for the encouragement of the hempen nianufactures in the provinces of Leinster, Munster, and Connaught, shall be applied to such purposes only, and no other; and that a separate and distiuft account shall be kept by the proper oiftcer of the application thereof, and be laid before parliament.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That all' monies to arise from the said duty of one 'Hulling upon every entry inwards in the -port of Dublin, except as aforesaid, Audi be paid by the collector of the said port, who is hereby authorized to demand and receive the same, to the trustees of the Royal Exchange, in the city of Dublin, to be by them applied towards discharging the debts by them contracted for building, furnishing, and repairing the fame, and for the future repairs thereof, lo be accounted for before the commissioners of imprest accounts.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That no cambricks or lawns whatsoever, except of the manufacture of Great Britain, or the European dominions of France, nor any gold or fdver lace, except of the manufacture of Great Britain, shall be imported into this kingdom in any flop or vessel whatsoever, under the penalty of the forfet-

xo The thirty-second Year of George III.

A.D. 1792.

Chap. I.

turc of all such lace, cnmbricks, and lawns, and treble the value thereof; and of the forfeiture of the ship or vessel in which the same shall be imported, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition and apparel.

XXXVII. And be it crafted, That neither the fiv pence per pound, nor any other

fee, shall be payable to, or be deducted or received by the vice treasurer or vice treasurers, receiver or payinafter-generaf, cfcrfc of the pel's, nor any officer or officers of this kingdom, for or 011 account of the ifliung or payment of any sum or sums a>f money, arising by, or winch shall be received for or on account of the aids hereby granted unto your Majesty, and appropriated to the payment of the said interest and annuities; and that the said six pence per pound, and a// other fees, which shall or may be payable to the said vice treasurer or vice treasurers, receiver or paymaster general, clerk of the pells, or any other officer or officers of this kingdom, upon iffiting or payment of any sum or sums of money, which shall or may arise out of, or fliafi or may be received for, or on account of the several other duties and aide* hereby grauted to your Majesty, shall be applied by the said vice-treasurer or vice-.treasurers, receiver or paymaster-general, for the use of your Majesty, your heirs and successors, in aid and addition to die duties hereby granted, and shall be duly accounted for by him or them.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That all and ever)' the several and respective duties, rates, and impositions hereby granted, and all penalties and forfeitures hereby im-%posed, and not otherwise hereby:specially provided for, shall be raised, answered, levied, cof/e&ed, and paid unto your Majesty, your heirs and successors, durhg die time aforesaid, in like manner, except as to bonding the said duties, or any discount for prompt payment, and by such ways, means, and methods, and by such rules and directions, and under such penalties and forfeitures, and with such powers as are appointed, directed, and expressil'd for the railing, answicringj collecting, and paying of duties iu and by an act made in this kingdom in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty Charles thcsecond, entitled, An act for the settling of the excise or new trnpoj} upon his Majesty, his heirs and successors, according to the book of rates thrcln ittferted, or by any other law of force relating to the revenue of excise In this kingdom, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned, expressed, and enacted by this act, with the like re-.medy of appeal to and for the party aggrieved, as in and by the said act of ex-eife, or any other law or laws now Jri.being relating to the duties of excise is provided.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That a separate and distinct account Jh.ill.be kept by the proper officer or officers of the several sums arising from the aforesaid several: aids and taxes hereby granted as aforesaid; and that the commissionere of your Majesty's revenue shall return the weekly abstracts of their several collectors to the accountant general, and that the accountant general shall return a separate account of «the aforesaid sums arising from the same aid§, duties, and taxes hereby granted to the vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, his or their dqiuty or deputies'; and that every collector or receiver do . take a separate receipt for the fame when paid into your Majesty's treasury; which receipt the said vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, Jiis or their deputy or deputies, is and are hereby required to give accordingly.

XL. And be it enacted, That the several films herein after mentioned, be paid out of the several duties and aids granted to your Majesty, by this act, to the persons and for -die purposes herein after mentioned 5 that is to say, the sum of four thousand pounds to the right honourable the speaker of the house of commons, to -enable him to maintain the-state and dignity of his office; die sum of ten thousand three hundred and fifty pounds for one year, ending the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, to the trustees for encouraging the linen and hempen manufactures of this kingdom, to be by them applied in such

The thirty-second Year of George III. n

manner as shall appear to them to be niofl conducive to promote the find mnnufac- A, I),

tures; the said dim of ten thousand three hundred and fifty pounds being given IJQ2,

to them in the place and dead of a like sum heretofore appropriated to be paid to [

them out of the first produce of the duties on teas, and out of tile duties on chuco-late and cocoa nuts, and on coffee; the sum of ii\C thousand pounds for one year, ending the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three* to the corporation for paving, cleansing, and lighting the dreets of Dublin, to be by them expended in paving, cleansing, and lighting the said flvcets, being in the place and dead of a like sum heretofore appropriated to be paid to them out of the fird produce of the duties on coaches, chariots, bcrlins, calaflics, and ehaifes; the sum of five hundred pounds to the right honourable John Monck Mason, chairman of the committees of supply and ways and means, for his fewices during this session of parliament; the sum of five hundred and forty pounds to Robert Thoroton, cf-quire, clerk of this house, as a reward for his attendance and service this session of parliament; the sum of three hundred and fifty pounds to Edward Trctham, clerk assistant, as a reward for his attendance and service this session of parliament; the sum of three hundred and twenty pounds to James Corry, clerk of the journals and records, as a reward for his attendance and service this session of parliament; the sum of one hundred and forty pounds to Daw.fcm Kills, clerk of the engroflments, as a reward for his attendance and llrvtcc this session of parliament j the sum of five hundred pounds to George Frederick Winlhnley and Jonathan Rogers, committee clerks, as a reward for their attendance and service this session of parliament, to be equally divided between them; the sum of six hundred and seventy pounds to John M’Clintock, esquire, serjeant at arms, as a reward for his attendance and service this session of parliament; the sum of seventy pounds to Laureuzo Senfi, as a reward for his trouble and attendance in delivering the votes to the members this session of parliament; the sum of two hundred pounds to James M’Cowcn and Henry Holmes, door-keepers to tins house, as a reward for their attendance and service this session of parliament, to be equally divided between them; the sum of seven hundred pounds to be given to the speaker, to lie by him divided among the back door-keepers and messengers attending this house, being twenty in number, and the other attendants, in such manner as he shall direct; the sum of two hundred and fifty pounds to Thomas L’Estrangc, for his extraordinary care and trouble in attending this house as deputy serjeant at arms; the sum of two hundred pounds to Robcit Thoroton, esquire, for his trouble and expence in preparing copies, superinteitding the printing, and making an index to the twenty-eighth volume of the journals of this house; the sum of one hundred and twelve pounds to Janies King, and Abraham Bradley King, for priming the publick accounts laid before the house this Jcflton of parliament; the sum of seven hundred pounds, to the speaker of this house, to be applied by him for the better arrangement of the business in the clerics office; the sum of two hundred pounds to James Corry, for his extraordinary trouble in superintending the printing of the Schedules of duties, and oilier papers for the committee of ways and means, in the Iaft and present session of parliament; die sum of three hundred and forty pounds to Thomas Burgh, esquire, accountant general, as a reward for his expence and trouble in preparing and Hating the public -accounts of the nation, laid before this house this session of parliament; the ium of eight hundred pounds to John Tydd, esquire, in consideration of his extraordinary attendance, care, and expence in the office of paymaster of com premiums; the lum of two hundred pounds to the right honourable lord Annaly, exammator of customs, as a reward for his expence and trouble in preparing and making out the account of the imports and exports for one year, ending the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, pursuant to the order of this house; the sum of seventy pounds to Henry Smyth, deputy paymaster of corn premiums, for

12

The thirty-second Year of George III.

A.D. 1792. Chip. 1.

his extraordinary trouble and expence in preparing accounts by him laid before this house for one year, ending at Midsummer, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one; the sum of two hundred pounds to Paul Le has, examinator of corn pr *. miums, on account of the great inerer.fe of his trouble in examining and keeping accounts of hud premiums, and for his expences in payment of clerks in the year ending at Lady-Day, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one; the sum of one hundred and forty pounds to John Smart, deputy accountant general, for his extraordinary trouble this session of parliament, and superintending the printing of the public accounts; the sum of one hundred and forty pounds to Anthony Fergufen, afJHhnt examinator of customs, for his extraordinary trouble in making up the several accounts by him laid before tins house, end attending the house this session of parliament; the sum of one hundred and forty pounds to John Swan, examinator of excifo, for his extraordinary trouble and expence in preparing accounts for this house; the sum of one thousand six hundred and fifty-nine pounds twelve Hulling* ami four pence, to James King and Abraham Bradley King, printers to this house,

for printing and binding five hundred copies of the twenty-eighth volume of the journals, for the use of the members of this house; the sum of eighty pounds to Elizabeth Mulloy, for the additional expences incurred by her in the articles of coal and candles, which flic is obliged to furnish.in the new buildings, in the interval between this and the next session of parliament; and the sum of forty-eight thousand five hundred and sixty-eight pounds, to be applied in such manner as parliament shall direct, for the advancement of trade and manufactures, and the maintenance of hospitals, charities, publick inllitutions, and -die further improvement of tin* kingdom, by building churches, and other publick works.

XLI. And be it enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven Iiundred and ninety-two, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven iiundred and ninety-three inclusive, there shall he answered and paid to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, by all persons hawking about trees, Ihrubs, and plants for falc within the city of Dublin, or five -miles thereof; and by all persons felling or exposing to falc within the said city, or five miles thereof, in any (land, ft.ill, Hied, booth, or other place not being a part of, or in his or her dwelling, any new* or old books, maps, prints, pamphlets, charts,-or drawings; ami also by all persons who shall Icll or expole to sale within the said city, or five miles thereof, any glass bottles, not being respectively the makers or importers -thereof, ami not felling wine, spirits, beer or ale; and also by all persons who shall sell or expose to sale widish the said city, or five miles thereof, old clothes in any flail, llied, booth, shop, or other place, a duty of forty shillings.; and also by every person carrying on die business of a pawnbroker within the said city, or five miles thereof, a duty of ten pounds; and also by every person selling spirits by retail within the city of Dublin, or five miles thereof, a duty of ten shillings over and above all other duties payable by this or any other act or acts; winch several Iaft mentioned duties shall be levied by such persons, by such ways and means, and under such rules and directions, powers and authorities, as are enacted by an act passed in the twenty-eighth year of your Majesty's reign, entitled. An act for rendering more effectual an act passed in the twentysixth year of the reign of his present Majesty king Cc:rgc the third, entitled, An act for the better execution of the law within the city of Dublin, and certain parts adjacent thereto, and quieting and protecting fojfessions within this kingdom, for the more expeditious transportotion of felons, for reviving, continuing, and amending certainJlalutes therein mentioned, and for repealing an act passed in the seventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for improving the police of the city of Dublin, andfir other furpofis, as fully to all intents and purpefes, as if the several provisions therein contained were re-enacted in this act, unless die fame shall be otherwise provided for by parliament.

Schedule

The thirty-second Year of George III.

13 A.D.

m2-

Chap. I.

Schedule A.

A Schedule of the Net Duties payable on the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated, whether imported directly from Great Britain, or from other Countries; which Dutiesj so paid are upon due Exportation thereof within Three Years afterlmport wholly drawn bach? except those paid on Foreign Goods imported from any other Country than Great Britain, and afterwards exported to any of the British Plantations ip Auw-rica or the West Indies, or the British Settlements on the Coast of Africa.

INWARDS.

From Great Britain.

British.

Foreign.

From other Countries.

£ t. d.

£ < d.

Adzes for coopers, the dozen,

Aggets, small as a bean, the hundred dozen,

3? — 2 7 - 295 — 2 10 — 3 1

large, the piece.

J3

English, the hundred weight, containing ( II2lb.

I----- hut if for dyers use, free.

Vide allum in drugs, (roach or romish).

Alphabets, die set, containing twenty-four Amber, the pound

I -r I 2

si — — li

- Beads, the pound

Anchovies, the little barrel, containing sixteen pounds of fish

Annotto, the pound

- , but if for dyers use free.

Anvils, English, the hundred weight, containing ii2lb.

Apples, thebulhel -

- , dried, or pears, the barrel

Argal, white or red, or powder, the Xl2lb.

- but if for dyers use, free.

Allies, vocat. pot aihcs,wopdor foapafhes, free.

? If

- 11

- U

d 3

1 7

- 2

- 3

2 2

2 S

4 7

9— 2

- 3 2 4 2 1C)

D

Awl

H A.D. 1792. The thirty-second Year Schedule A. of George III. From Great Britain. British i Foreign. From other Countries.

Chap. i. I N WAR D S. '£ d- £ d- £. i- d.

Awl blades, the thousand, English ro$ 1 I

- Hafts, the groce ... 1 8 - 1 4 - 1 5

Aulgurs, for carpenters, the groce — -I 1 4 3 - 4 7

Axes, or hatchets, the dozen9— 1 j - 1 7

Babies, or puppets, for children, the groce, con-

taming twelve dozen - — 1 5 — .2 10 J — 3 1

Backs for chimmes, vide iron.

Bacon, of/England or Wales, the flitch -.7

'—all foreign bacon and hams, the hundred, containing i izlb. — -.64 - 7 —

r Tennis balls, the thousand - 39- 7 11 " - 8 7

*«, j Walh-balls, the groce, containing twelve

I dozen - — 28 — 6 10 - 7 7

Bands of iron for kettles, the hundred weight.

containing ii2Jb. - 7 J — n 7 - 12 3

Bandllrings, the dozen knots — 39-49 - 4 11

Barilla, free as aflics.

Bark, per barrel r — 1 1

Balket rods, three feet about at the band 95 9l 10*

]3afleets, vocat. hand-bnlkcts or sports, the dozen 5910

Balt ropes, the hundred wt. containing 11 alb- II — I —

Bafts or straw hats, f knotIa!>the dozen "9— \ 5 — 1 .7

I plain, the dozen — — 2 4 5

Battery, balhrones, or kettles, die Ii2lb. - is9I 14 8 I 17 ID

"Amber, vlJe amber.

Bone, the great groce, containing twelve

small groce «. - 3 2 — 64 — 6 10

Box, the great groce - 32 — 64 — 6 10

!/) y < Chrystal, the thousand — 64 — 12 8 - 13 8

V .« Coral, the pound - 28 — 49 — 5 1

Glass and wood of all forts, the great groce — II — 22 — 24

Glass, the small. groce, containing twelve

dickers ... — s — — 10 — — 11

Jasper, square, the hundred stones - — 43 - 8 s — .92

'Beer, ale and porter, except of the produce or manufacture of France, or the French domi-

nions in Europe, for every 32 gallons — 4 3t - 4 3t - 4 3i

Beer, vocat. spruce beer, the gallon — 5 a

Bell metal, the hundred wt. containing mlbs. - 3 6 - 3 - 4 i

Bellows, the pair .... 3 5 6

- Pipes, the groce r — 22 - 4 3 — 47

Balls

The thirty-second Year of George III. Schedule A.

From Great Britain. From other

Britishi. Foreign. Countries.

x. d. £. d. £. d.

- ij 2f 3

1 4 - 3 - ~ 3 3

I I — 2 2 - 2 4

1 4 — 26 — 29

I I — 2 2 — 2 4

8 5 ~ 3 5910

- lol - 1 8^ I IO

1 s — a io - 3 ‘

- 8 — 4 - 1 S

1 4

29— 293 2

2 2 — 2 2 — 26

I I — 2.2 -24

2 2 — 2 2 — 2 6

3 — - 5 — — 59

- 3*

I I — 1 <) Ill

I I — 22 — 24

8 5 -5910

- 12 8

1 5 — 2^9 - 3 1

4 3 - 8 5 -92

1 7 - 3 - 3 5

I s — 2 10 r - 3 '

2 10 - 3 8 — 6 1

- S 10 II

19- 3 10 -42

I I - 2 2 [ -24

- I| - " — 3i 4

6 4 -6 4 r - 7 5

- I? - H

- 4i* - 10

14- -27 - 29

INWARDS.

‘Clapper bells, the pound Dogs bells, the great groce, containing 144 dozen -

Horse bells, the small groce, containing 12 , dozen -

Bilhooks, the dozen

Bits for bridles, the dozen

Blacking, or lamp-black, the H2lbs.

rFoils, the dozen

Blades for*

Knives and Forks, the groce

Blankets, \ vocat. )

Razors, the dozen

Swords, British, coarse, the dozen

Paris mantles, coloured, the mantle —

Paris mantles, or others, uncolour- j ed, the mantle

BofTes for bridles, the small groce, containing 12 dozen

Books unbound, the hundred weight, containing J mlbs.

——, bound, the 112lb.

!of glass, uncovered, the dozen

for the duties on elafs from France, vide Schedule B.

of Hone, the dozen

Bows, vocat. {tone bows of steel, the piece —

Bows (laves, the 120 staves

- , in foreign ships

re < u

'Fire, or tinder boxes, the groce, containing twelve dozen boxes

Nest boxes, the groce, containing twelve j dozen -

Pepper boxes, the groce, containing twelve j dozen ——

Sand boxes, the groce, containing twelve j dozen ——

Soap boxes, the (hock, containing three|score boxes -

Spice boxes, tire dozen -

Tobacco boxes, the groce, containing twelye j dozen -

1

Tamps, the dozen j—

Laver cocks, the pound -

Old, or fhruff (vide (hruff) the hundred wt. I containing ii2lb.

Piles weights, the pound - '— -

Scales and weights, the dozen pair -

{^Trumpets, the dozen -

Brickstones

r

A.D. 1792. Chap. j.

<-ri

The thirty-second Year of George III. Schedule A.

INWARDS.

"The thousand briek-stones Flanders tile, to scour with, die thousand Galley tiles, the foot (fix to the foot) Pan tiles, the tlioufaml _Paving tiles, the tlioufaml Bridles, the dozen Brimstone, the hundred wt. containing U2lb. Briflles, rough or undreft, the dozen pounds - of Muscovy, in foreign ships

- , dressed, the dozen pounds

- , of Muscovy, in foreign ships

Broaches of lattcn or copper, the groce, con-tabling twelve dozen

c: < a

dozen of hair,

vocat.

tabling twelve dozen Head bruihes, the dozen Rubbing bruihes, the dozen Weavers bruihes, the dozen f cozrfc die dozen

of heath,

I zen

l^Brushes for hats, and clothes, the dozen

ucklcs, for girdles, die small groce, containi twelve dozen -

for girths the groce, containing twelve

dozen

_ C Great, die pound Bugles,] 1

C Small or feed bugle, the pound

Bullion, in coin, bars, or plates, free.

Burrs for mill-stones, the hundred, conta five fcorc -

dozen -

Glass, the great groce, containing small groce

Hair, die groce, containing twelve dozen

Handkerchiefs, the gioce, contaminj dozen

Silk, the great groce, containing small groce

Thread, the great groce, containing small groce

F^om Grea British. i Britain, f Foreign. rom other Countries.

£ ' i.: ' <i. f s. d.

J- j i - 3 6 j— 39

- 68 - 7?

U1 - - 2 - - ? i

- io 6 - rS9~ 16

—96 — 13 8 -14

- > 7 - 1 7 1 10

- I 2 — I 2 p- I 3

7 -- 7 [ 8

- IO

- I 2 — I 2 - 1 4

- 1 8

4 - 2 7 -29

9- 1 S — 1 7

- t S — 2 10 — 3 1

9- 1 5 - 1 7

ij 31

6i 74

4

9 - 1 5 - 1 7

ii ii M 2

7 — I I *- I 2

g — 2 2 -44 -47

e — 10 — 1 7 - r9

s 10 — — II

9- 5 - 1 7

g ~ 49-49 - 5 8

- e - 2 10 - 5 8 — 6 1

e " i 5 — 2 10 i

e - 3 2 j-, — 8 1

e "4*3 - 6 8

C ' - 1 — 2 2 — 2 4

Cables.

The thirty-second Year of George III.

Schedule A I From Great Britain. From other

I N A R D S.

Cables, tarred or untarred, the hundred weight, containing ii2lb.

Caddas or crewel riband, the dozen pieces, every piece containing thirty-six yards

[ Per yard

P a- 1 And if mixed withfilk (except the ma-a j nufacture of Great Britain, China, I Persia or the Ball Indies,) per pound I weight

Callicoes printed, painted or Itained, per squavc yard -

- , white, foreign, per fqure yard

Calf Ikins in the hair, per piece

"Half silk, half hair, the yard, foreign

Cameletto<j And, (excepting the manufacture of Great Britain, China, Persia or the Bait Indies,) for every pound weight

Canary feeds, or Alphifti, the hundred weight,

containing ii 2lb

Candle plates or wallers, of brass or latten, the ])ound -

Candles of tallow, the pound

i

Candlesticks, of brass or latten, the pound

Candlewick, the hundred wt. containing 112lb.

r for manufacturers use, free.

Canes

(Wood, the dozen

Capers, the hundred weight, containing 112lb. Cap hooks, or hooks ends, the groce, containing twelve dozen pair,

Caps of wollen, the dozen

Playing cards, the groce, containing twelve £ \ dozen pair (or packs)

)Wool cards, old, the dozen pair

t.-----, dew, the dozen pair

-Of Great Britain, without seams, the piece Short, the piece - Turkey, in foreign ships

Turkey

or

Venice,

Long, containing four yards and upwards the piece

- Turkey, in foreign ships

Single, the groce, containing for i twelve dozen

Combs, ) Double, the groce, containing v twelve dozen

With wooden combs, garnifiicd, the dozen Wdthfmal! ivory combs, garnifiicd, the dozen Vol. XVI.

British. Foreign. Countries.

£ s. d.

81 - i ii_in

- 3 2 — 64 — 6 10

- i 4 - 1 4 — 1 6

L: i 44 — - 3 8 - 3 4 4 —

2 2i

- 22 -.2 6

i 4 4 — 4 4 —

- 7 ii - 7 n —92*

2 4 4

j T

2| 4i 5

1 00 - 8 5 —910

- j 10 II

- 5 7 — ii 6 — 126

- ' 5 - 3 — — 3 4

- 2 ii — 4 2i — 4 7

CO V5 s 17 2 13 is 7

7^ -- 71- 82

- I —T - I -i - 1 2i

- 1 5 —

- 3 ! — 4 —

- s —

- M9-i7 6

- I 3 2

- 2 2 - 4 3 - 4 7

- 4 3 - 8 s — Q2

- 22 - 4 3|-47

- 2 10 E - 5 8 ! — 6 1 cases,

The thtrly-second Year of George III.

Schedule A.|From Great Britain

I’mitln foreign.

F rem ether Countries.

1 N W A 11 1) S.

-ith middle fort ivory combs, garnifltet! the dozen -

-irh large ivory combs, garnished, th

dozen -

£ , for needles, or pin cases, the groce, con tabling twelve dozen

r-the groce, unguilr, contain

for j ing twelve dozen

spechicles, S

1 j the groce, gilt, contamm

t twelve dozen

Catlings, Ilarpftrings, and Lutettrings, tl Groce, containing twelve Dozen

Caveare, the Hundred Weight, containin uzlb.

Cauldrons, or pans, iron, the hundred wcigV

Chafing,

afing, J of brass or latten, the pound

ilhes, I r

*- ol iron, the dozen

Chains, C for dogs, coarse, the dozen

for keys or purses, line, the dozen

Chairs of walnut tree, the piece

f unwatered, or mohair, the yard

| waters the yard.

I half silk, half hair, the yard ChamlctsJ,

A,a Gi* IK ii'Pirthf if mnA

| the manufacture of Great Britain, China, Persia, or i indies)

-liariots, with or without the appurte each -

'heefe, the hundred weight, containing f Boards, the dozen hess, < ^,jen^ tj1£ grocej containing dozen

ChcPvS I Iro£ ‘

piece

} Large, one yard and quarter Iong: the piece -

Chimney

backs,

downwards) the piece

weight) the piece Chiflels for joiners, the dozen Chocolate, the pound Citterns of Latten, the pound Ciaricords, the pair

£ £ ' ‘L £ '

i , 1

r 4 3 r 5 — 92

ei I i

8 5 :— 16 io - 18 3

- 2 10 - 3 1

r15

r 1 5 5 — 2 IO - 3 J

- 2 10 - S 8 — 6 1

C

8 s —.9

E

j- a — 4 3 -47

v— 2 2 — 4 3 -47

} 3r — 4

- s — 2 IO - 3 1

5910

- io — i 8 — 1 10

- I — I I - 1 3

4 .4 -5

7 7 — — 8

- I c 1 — 1 1 - 1 3

4 4 4 4 —

4 4 -

41 — 1 1 — J 2

- 2 2 — 4 3 — 47

- i 4 - 2 7 — 29

I — 1 19

- *S 5 I95 in9

- 1 S — 22 - 2 3

- 2 10 - 4 3 — 46

s — — 10 -11

6; — 9i 10

} — 3* — 31

- 1 i — 2 XO - 3 1

Cla,

The thirty-second Year of George III. Schedule A.

INWARDS.

Clay called fire clay, and land, free.

Coaches or berlins, with or without the ap purtenances, each

Coals, the ton -

Cochatieil, all forts, free.

Coffee, of any other than British plantation produce, for every pound weight thereof

- of the British plantations, vide Schc-

6 6 —

duie I).

Note, upon paying down 3s. 6d. for every hundred weight, and /retiring the remainder of duty, coffee may be warehoused in like man tier, and under the fame regulations as tobacco.

Coffin r Figures and letters, the grcce

C. Bundles, plates, squares, the groce "of bone, the pound

of box, the groce, containing twelve dozen

of horn, for barbers, the dozen

i called horse combs, the dozen

of ivory, the pound -

vocat. lightwood combs, the groce containing twelve dozen -

>for wool, the pair, old or new

Comfits, the pound -

Compares,

From Great Britain. British.

Foreign.

- 8:

- 61

for fltips, the dozen

taming H2lb.

- Kettles, vide battery.

Copperas, free, if for dyers use.

- , white and blue, vide drugs.

Cordage, or ropes tarred or untarred, the hundred weight, containing 21 alb.

Corks, ready made, the groce

Cork, the hundred wt. containing ialb.

rk f c

ks’ It

t2cks, , t]10Upan(|

Counters of brass or fatten, the pound Crofbow thread, the pound Crewel riband, vide caddas.

Curry combs, the dozen

Cuttle-bones, the thousand Cyder or perry, the ton

1

3i

- 9

~ 3 6

2 __1

- 2 10

- 64

From other Countries.

/. d.

- 8 — I 4 I 5

- c; - I I - I 2

- s — — 10 — — 11

- I . — 2 2 — 2 4

- 2-1 — — s — — 6

- ; - — 10 ~ — 11

- I I — 2 2 - 2 4.

- 9— I 5 — I 7

r 5

- 6

- _— 6

- 10 — I 7 I9

- 49— 49— 4 IX

2 6 — 7 - 3 8 - 1 5

- 12

1

L 4_

- 1 7

1

r 7 7

- s

- 6

6 1

7

Dagger

J9

A.D. 1792.

Chap.

20

A.D. 1792. Chap. 1.

The thirty-second Year of George III.

Schedule A.

From Great Britain. From other

Britiln. j Foreign.

inward S.

blades, the dozen

Dimity plain, the square yard - - j

Dog couples, the dozen

|~ ("the yard, coming from]

'g j Old drapery, I ^LS1J,ul

o j j from any other parts, the

g;i ' yanl J

!from England, the yard

from any other parts, the yard

Note by 23 & 24 Geo. 3. Cap. 29. -dll timnu-ficiures made of wool which are viillul in ten tuck-milly or other machine) whether twilled or plain, as coatings y eaffmersy kerfeysy druggets y German ferges, ratteensy and such like />j whatever particular namey now denominated, or hereafter to be demminutedy shall fall undo the description oj\ and pay duty as old drapery

f Acacia, the pound

Acorus, the pound

Adiantum 5 Album, the pound I Nigrum, the pound rough or untrimmed, the

’— 2 10

//. f.

I

Agaricus,

pound

or Agaric, trimmed or pared the pound

- , free if for dyers use.

Agnus caftus feeds, the pound

Alchermcs,

f Confecfio,- the ounce

p 1

I Syrop, the pound

Alkanet roots, the pound

Allum, romish, or roach, the hundred wt. containing 11 alb.

- , free if for dyers use.

Almiet or orcant, the pound

Almonds, bitter, the hundred weight, containing H2ll>.

Alo°s 1 Cicotrina, the pound

t Epatica, the pound

Alumcn plume, the pound

Ambergreale, black or grey, the ounce troy -

Ameos feeds, the pound

Amomi feeds, the pound

Anacardium, the pound

Angelica, the pound

- 6

—9

- 3 !0

Countries.

- 5 7

- 2

-43

- 3b

- 11

- 5

- 3

- 6 —

- 21

-92

- 1 t

- 6

- 24

-9’5T — 15

- 3

4 7

" 3 b

- 1 7 *— 3

- 6 4

- 2f

9u

- 1 2

- (lL

- its 10 — 2 — 2 — 10}

- 3 b

Drugs,

Drugs, vocat.

21

The thirtyfeconcl Year of George III.

Schedule A 1 ^rom Great Britain. ^rom other

INWARD S.

Antimonium,

\vt. containing I I2ib. - free if for dyers ul'e

the pound

silver, the pound

pound

- , free if for dyers use.

Afpalatlius, the pound Aflafcetida, the pound

Aflarum roots, the pound Auripigmentum, vide orpiment. Balauftium, the pound Balfamum, j artiHcial, tlae pound natural, the pound Barley, hulled, or Trench barley the 11 alb.

- , in foreign ships

Bayberrics, the it2lb.

- , free if for dyers use.

Bdellium, the pound

Ben album, or rubvum, the pound

Benjamin, of all forts, the pound

Bezoar

Stone

troy

troy

Black lead, the ulb.

Blatta biz-antia, the pound

f Communis, or Armonicus, the Bolus, J hundred \vt. containing 112lb

L Verue, the pound, or fine bole

unrefined, the pound or tincal

Borax, < - free if for dyers use.

refined the pound

Bunkins holyworties, or piftolochia, the pound -

Calamus, the pound Cambogium, or^utt? gambte, the pound Campliire, refined, the pound

- , unrefined the pound

Cancri oculus, the pound Vol. XVI.

British. Foreign. Countries.

s. 1l. r r. s. d. £ A-

5 ii —; 6

- ij "* "T 0* "I

- si 91 >0i

- 3l 3 i

__ 5 1 it

- 3i — 4

- 3

- St

6\ 10k nj'

- S 9i — 6 —

- 3 2 — 53 — 5 7l

- 64

- 3 0' - 39

- 7i 71

- 5 S’:

- 1 1 — 1 2

- 13 , —

- 2 — — 22

- 7 - 8 5

- 6i 61

loi - 1 7 - 19

- IA 2

- 8:

- 2 4;- — 2 7t

51 6

- ij — —" 14-

- I0£ nt

- I — — I 6 — 1 7

- 9TO

6\ r nj — I I Drugs

A.D. 179a. Chap. 1.

22 A.D. 1792. The thirty-second Teat Schedule A. of Geo From Grea Erkish- rge Hi. t Britain. [From other Foreign. Countries.

Chap, 1. inwards. £ ' £ / d. £ /. i.

I'Callthandcs, the pound — — I - 1 4

Caraway feeds, the mlb. — I lit -4 6 - 4 11

Cardomomcs, the pound — --99*

-Carlina, the pound - 3

Carolina, the pound — I ii-

Carpo balfanii, the pound — 10’ — I "

Carrabc, or fuccinum, the pound 31 4

Carthnnius feeds, the pound — U — — 2

Cassin, fidula, of all forts, the pound, — 3* — '—4

> I.ignea, the pound — 4, — 5

Caftorcum, or beaver cods, tire pound - 3 81 - 3 ioi

Cerufla, lie mlb. — — 49 — 4 "

Cetrach, die pound — H — 3

China roots, the pound — - 1 J — I 6

Chrystal, in broken pieces for physical uses, the pound - 6i lot — I —

Cicercs, white and red, the pound — Ii IT

Cinabrium, or vermillion, the pound :Si9— — 10

Cipcrus, longus and rolundus, the mlb. — -92 — 99

Cetrage, the pound — 2t — n

Civet, the ounce troy — — 10 6 - 'i 3

Coculus, indin:, tire pound — 44 s

0 Coloquintida, the pound — 54 6

Wj Copperas, white, the 112lb. — - n 3 — II u

Copperas^ blue, of Danlk or Hungary the Iilb. -__ — — 3 10 - 4 I

Coral, - red or white, in fragments, for physicnl uses, die pound — 39

I whole, the pound Coriander feeds, the 112lb. - 4 2f — 4 5 -47 — 4 10

Cortex, "Caperum, the pound Guaici, the mlb. Mandragonc, the pound — 35 - 14 J 3i - IS 5 51

Tamarifci, die pound — !—2 2

JWmteranus, the pound — 3 3

Coitus, dulris, and aniarus, the pound — 5t

Cubebs the pound

Cummin seeds,.the ijzib. — p 89-94

Cufcuta, the pound —: 2! — 3

-Cyclamen -roots, or panis porcinus, the pound - Si -.— 6

Cyprus nuts, the pound, {vide nux cuprefij) — ii 2

3

Daucus

Drugs, vocat.

The thirty-second Year of George III.

Schedule A. I From Gr 1 British. eat Britain. Foreign. From other Countries.

INWARDS. £. s. d. £. d. £ f. d.

'Daucus creticus, the pound 10* — i —

Diagredium, or fcamony, the pound — — 45 — 4 10

Diptamus leaves, the pound — 7 — — 8

Doronicum, the pound — y 71

Eleborus, albus et niger, the pound - 2 2

Epitliemum, the pound — 4 41

Es-uftum, the pound 41 s

Euphorbium, the pound — '1 — — 2

Fennel feeds, the pound H >i 2

Fenugreek, the nib. — - 5 — 6 —

Flory, the pound Flowers, vide leaves. — __ 6. 7

Folium India;, the pound — - 1 t; - 1 3

Fox lungs, the pound 71 8

Frankincense, of France, parrofin, the 112)b. - 3 2 - 3 5

Galanga, the pound —. 4t 5

Galbanum, the pound sl 6

General, the pound 4 —.

Gentiana, the pound —. __ —_2

Guinea pepper, die pound Grains of Guinea or French grains, the 3 3

lH2lb. (vide grains ) — - 7 3 — 7 10

Grana, pinx, the pound — 21 3

> Tin&orum, the pound — — 5 51-

Green Ginger, the pound — - 41 - 1 j

Gum, animi, the pound Gum, arabic, orgum feneca, videschedule D. 5

-j Armoniack, the pound — 3$ 3t

Caramen, the pound — 31 4

Carannx, the pound — - 1 S-i -9

Elemi, the pound

Guiaci, the pound — - 1 ! - i 4

Hcderx, the pound — 10 11

Juneperi, or fandracha, the iclb. — - 8 4 — 8 10'

Lack, the pound — 3l — 3-1

Opoponax, the pound , Sandrachi, or gum iuneperi, vide Sandrachi. — ~~ — - ‘ 41 — 1 6

Sarcocol, the pound , Seneca, vide gum arabic. 41 5

Sxrapinum, or fagapenum, the pound - 3i 31

'j , Tacamahaccs, the pound F 5. - 1 8i|- - I9Cum,

23

A.D.

i79»-Chap. 1.

24

A.D. 1792.Chap. I.

The thirty-second Year of George III.

Schedule A. Prom Great Britain. |From other Brmfh. j Foreign.|Countries.

INWARDS.

Gum Tragagant, tlx pound , Tin&orum, vide gran;* tindlorum. Gutta gambte, vide cambogium. 3

Hermodacliius, the pound Holywortles, vide bunkins. Horns of tens c0ntab'!0E Si 6

or j five score, - i 7 — .49~ 5 3

fhigs, L the 11 alb. — 5 3 — S 3 -S3

Hypociftis, the pound - 6 Oi

Jalkip, the pound Incetife, or olibanum, vide olibanum. — n — 11 — 1 2

Ireos (orris), the 112lb. — — i4 - i5 i

Ifinglass, the i I2lb. free if for dyers use. i 6 3 I 1691 18 0

Jujubes, the pound Juniper-berries, free ai — 3

Lnpdanum, or lapadonum, the pound

Lapis, cakuninaris, the n alb. — - 4 7 — ‘r

Contra-ycrva, the ounce — - i ij — ' 3

Hemathis, ttic pound — 'h s

Judaicus, the pound — 3i 3 *.

Lazuli, the pound — - ! 3i — 2 6

Tu'ice, the pound — 3? 3i

Leaves of tofes, die pound ij 3 — 2

of violets.or Cowers, the pound I-I 21

Q Lentils, the pound — 1 r~:

f Aloes, the pound — - 2 7i

Lignum, < Asphaltum, the pound

V. LNcpIircticum, the pound - — 9i 10

Lignum, rhodium, the H2lb. ;—, Vit®, free. himum, vide argentum sublime. - 2 3i - 2 4

r of gold, the 11 alb. Litharge, 3 — 4 6i — 49

{ of fdver, the i I2lb. — - 3 «’i — 3

Locusts, the pound — 3t 3*

Lupines, the i j 2lb. — — 2 10

Lyntifcus, or xylobalfamum, the pound — 4 5

Madder roots, or tubea tin&orum, the pound if for dyers use, free. — 3i

Manna, the pound — 8i9

Marmalade, the pound - *. 2_oi 0 — 3

r Red, the round Mastick, < — — —I A* 0 + .3«

C White, the pound j Mechoachan

rugs, vocat.

The thirty-fccorid Year of George III. Schedule A.

Mercury,

TVlirabolnnes, )

Musk

cods,

-i:

INWARDS.

Mcchoachan, the pound

r Precipitate, the pound

(Sublimate, the pound

Millium iolis, the pound

r dried, the pound

\ condited, the pound

Myrtlc-ucrries, the pound

Mithridate Venetian, the pound

Mummia, the pound

Musk, the ounce troy

the dozen and the ounce

Myrrhe, the pound

Nardus, celtica, or fpica Romana, the 112lb. Nigclla, the pound Nitrum, the pound

'De benne, the pound Cuprefli, the pound Indica, the piece Pini, or grani pini, the pound Piftachia or piftachias, the pound [Vomica, the pound Petroleum, the pound Turpentini, vide turpentine. Olibanum, or incense, the Ji2lb. — Opium, the pound Orabus, the pound Orange C Ointment, the pound Flower £ Water, the gallon Orcant, or almiet, the pound Origanum, the pound Orpiment, or auripigmentum, the 112lb. Ofippium huerredum, the pound Ofla de corda cervi, the pound of almonds, the pound of amber, the pound de bay, the U2lb. de benne, the pound of macc, or nutmegs, the pound of rosemary, the pound < of scorpions,> the pound

of spike, the pound Vol. XVI.

Nux

Oleum,

Oil

From Great Britain. Britishi. Foreign.

- for

- 7

~ 4

" 8*

From other Countries.

d. 7i

- i 7

- loj 3t

- 2t

- 4

- 2;-

- 2 3~»

3i

—95-6 4

- 1 1

- 7*

95

- ij

- Si

- 3

- »i

2J

- 2 £ 2'i

6 6i 1 21

- li ~ I

11 2 {

- 2i

- 7 3<

- 2 10

- 12 2i

3 4i

- 2

1 9;

8 —

- ioi |— 1 7 2 6\

7i

1 10J -

' ~ 3 G

- I

- n

£ ' -----8

-: S4

EE?

c:;

- 2 ji

- 10 2

- 7 —

1 1

- 81

" J — 2

- Si

- 3

- 2

- 2\

- 3

- 2}

- K

- Si

8 3i

- 41 -- li

- 8

t 4

1 — 2|

- 2

II II

’ -— 2i ' 8 3i

- 3-i 3 —i 12 11

I 84 7 i 19

- Si

Fanis

26 A.D. 1792. The thirty-second Year of George III.

Schedule A. 1 from G«at Britain. j Brittlh.|Foreign. From other Countries.

VJhap. I. INWARD S. rPanis porcinas, vide cyclamen. c- i- £ ' d £ '

Panther, the pound — — 16 JO — )3 3;

Pear! feeds, the ounce troy — — I 7 — i 8

PcJJiiory, the pound

Pepper, long, (he pound Perofen, vide franldnccnfe. - __ __ 0 , 3

Piony feeds, the pound Pifhehias, vide nux piftschia. Piftolochia, vide bunkiiM.

Pix Burgundice, the 12ib. — - 3 — 4

Polipodium, tire pound — I — — I

Polium montanum, the pound --_2 — 21

Pomegranate pills, the 1 r 2lb. if for dyers use, free. — — 10 2l — II —

Poppy feeds, the pound Precipitate, vide mercury precipitate. — ij ' 1 2 2J

Prunellas, or pruins of Brunclia, the pound - 2 4"

Pfyllium, the pound Quitksilver, vide argentum vivum. " *—* —' — 2 -

CCentra very?., the pound — 7t

% \ Efulx, the round Radix \ 1 — - 1 — . 1 1 —"4

O J Pconse, the pound — 2 2

Srj Isecrcionera, the pound —99i

>- Red lead, the H2lb. — 2 9i — 2 9i — 3 —

Rhabarbarum, or rhubarb, the pound -29 — 4 10 - S 2i

Rhaponticum, the pound Rofealger, vide arsenic* — ~ 2 3i — 2 6{-

Roflet, the pound Rubea tiiuStorum, vide madder roots. Sagnpenum, vide gum ferapinum. L- i

r Alcali, the pound — — 10 M

Sal j Armouiacum, the pound L but if for dyers life, free. 4 4.

Sal gem, the pound - 2 2

- Nitri, tire pound zi — 4! — s

/Red, alias (loch, the mlb. \ but if for dyers use, free. — 1 1 5 I 2 10

Sanders AvhiK)tIlepound_4

' Yellow, the pound — 61 6-

Sandiver, the ii2lb. - 2 6] - 2 8-1

> Sandrachn, or gum jumped, die iiilb. — - S 4 — 8 10

r Draconis, the pound - 7 - — 81-

" c Hircci, the pound - ?v - 3 i

1 Sars.iparilb, "he pound 3 ~ ' —9! — p; tSafafras

rugs, vocnt.

The thirty-second Year of George III.

Schedule A.

INWARDS. £. s. d. £. s. d.

"Safafras wood, or roots, the 112lb. Scamonium, vide diagredium. - 5 'i ~ 5 5 r

Scincus marinus, the piece — 1 r

Scordium, the pound — I I — u

Scorpions, the hundred, containing five fcoi*- — - 4 3 - 4 s;

Sebeftines, the pound — — ‘ 3+ — 3!

Seler montanus, the pound Semen cucumeris, cucurb, citral, melon, - 2 2;

the pound - — 2!

Sena, the pound . — 9; 10 i

Seldonella, the pound — 2 =1

r Fine, the pound — 2 44 — 2 tot — 2 tt>

Spermaceti, C ^oarfe, oily, the 1121b. Spica Celtics, vide nardus Cekica, or specia Ilomana. - 12 yi I I — 1 2 s

Spikenard, the pound — 51 - 7

Spodium, the pound — ,4 45

Spunges, the hundred weight 1 — it 2194 3 5 <°{

Squilla, the XI2lb. — — 4 71 — 5 1

Squinanrhum, the pound — — 1 I_t it

Staphifager , the 11 alb. — — II 24 — II II

Stechados, the pound Stibium, vide antimonium pneparatum. — 31_^ t

r Calamita, the pound — - I 2j -r- > 31

CLiquida, the pound Succinum, vide carrabbe.

Sulphur vivum, the pound — 2 2

c Green, the pound Talk \ — 5 . k J

C. White, the pound — I± — ii

Tamarinds, the pound — 2t 2t

r Lemnia, the pound — ICj Hi

cSigillata, the pound — 7 li

Thlapfii femen, the pound Tincal, vide borax. " 31 — 31-

Tornfal, the pound, if for dyers use, free. "" —" — 2.;-

"Common, the pound 3 51 6

Treacle, , Of Venice, the pound And further, for every one hundred wcitrht thereof both - 2 3 i - J sl.

common and of Venice - I 1 I I — I I

Trocliif^ dc vipera, the ounce troy — I 1 — I 2

The pound — I J — I 2

Thapfia;, the peur.d G 2 '7 7 i Turmeiick,

From Great Britain. Britishi.|Foreign.

From other Countries.

27

A. 0. 1792. Chap. f.

28

The thirty-second Year of George III.

Schedule A.

- 3

- 6 v.

INWARDS.

'Turmeric!:, the pound, (free if for dyers use)

V common, the 112ib.

Turpentine, j of VcllicCi Sci0j or C),pul5j

C the pound

Verdigrenfe, the pound, (if for dyers use, free) -

Vermillion, vide cinnabrium.

Vamifli, die 1I2ib.

Vifeus qucrcinus, the pound

Vitriolum Romanum, the pound, (if for dyers use, free) -

Umber, the hundred wt. containing 11 alb.

White lead, the U2lb.

Worm feeds, the pound

Xylobalfamum, vide lyntifeus.

Zedoaria, the pound -

Earth, red, the barrel

Elephants teeth, the hundred, containing five score -

Emery (tones, the hundred weight, containing mlb.

Emery, ground, the pound

Pans for corn, the piece

f For beds, the i I2lb.

j of France, for beds, the hundred weight g 1 of Russia, the hundred weight

- J

i Vocat. cltridge, or ostrich feathers, not black or white, xmdrefied, the pound

of oftridges, C the pound_umtefled i White, the pound

Feather beds, o!d or new, the’piece - [— 3

Fiddles for children, the dozen

Ferret ribbon, the groce

If foreign, and of (ilk, to pay as silk manufacture.

Files, the groce, containing twelve dozen

Fire (hovel plates, the hundred weight, containing mlb.

Fire (hovels, the dozen

(- r the barrel

£ j Cod-fish, J the hundred, containing fix p j L score

Cods heads the barrel

£ j Cole fish, the hundred, containing fix score (_Gull fish, the barrel

6

From Great Britain.

Foreign.

/. (I.

Brirlh.

C. s. d.

From oilier Countries.

- 2t

- 2 I 1 A

- I 10-]-

- io 6

9

- 6

£ </

- 2-t

3

2 I

- j;-

ii i;

- 10

- C,\

4 8

- 71

_ __A

- 6

4 3

- i 6

1 5 1 5

I I

4 3

- 3 - 4 2 k

- 10 — — IOJ

- 8 — —9

- i — i n

I95 i u9

- 7t -

- ~ i — — _A

- " 6 — 8

- 4 3 4 11

- 6 4 7 —

- 4 — — 4 8

- 4 3 — 4 7

- 3 4 — 3 8-i

- 3 8i: 4 —i

- 3 6 4 i

- 7* - — 8

- 3 7 - 4 —

2 10 3 i

- 2 10 3 i

—_— 3 2

- 12 8

- 6i

- 3 2

- 2 8

Haddocks,

The thirty-second Year of George III.

Schedule A. 1 From Gr< J Britishi, at Britain. Foreign. From other Countries.

INWARDS. \£- 1. 1 £ ' ‘i- C- '

j-Haddocks, the barrel 4i — — 1 1

1 Herrings die barrel I — — (j —

j lampreys, the.piece 1 Lings of all forts, the hundred, containing 3 4 — — 2

| fix score -|("Small the hundred, -containing fu - 7-; . -— 1 1 —

(’ ><s|score -|Js j Middle fort, the hundred, -containin] j g|fix score - - [ 1 Fish, great, the hundred, containing 6\.

u — t — ' —

<} L fix score - - 1 r the barrel , Salmon, ) — — 1 7t -

£ — 2 2 — -64

i Girles, die barrel 9* — — 2 j

Seal fish, the fish ("Cropiings, the hundred, containing fix 81- — — 2 -ij

j score - - j Lubfifli, the hundred, containing fix score -: 3 1 co ( Tidings, die hundred, containing fix

‘ > ,5 - 4 d-

1 t score - '4. . — — t 1

Whitings, the barrel Flanders tile, vide'brickstones. rundressed, free.; (SI - 1 7

Flax J Dressed or wrought, the nib. - I, IT - *7 " < 5

(_. , in foreign ships — l 8 47

Flax-feed, or lin-feed, the bushel 0

Flames to let-blood, the dozen 2v - — S Si

Flints for fire-arms, the thousand — — .4 — — '8 — —9

Flocks, the hundred weight, containing 11 alb. — '4 3 — 4 .3 — 4 11

Flower roots, the hundred, containing five score Flutes, coarse, the groce, containing twelve — 14. — 1 4 — i 8

dozen - 22. — 43 -47

Frize, the yard - !. If If

Furnaces, for bleachers use, free.

f Arinins, the timber, containing forty Ikins — ~ 7 " - 8 7

badger fleins, the piece 2;- 5 6

fBlack, the piece — -43 -47

Bear Ikins, -j Red, die piece — ~ 3 6 - 3 '<

{-White, the piece — -68. -75

s-i O r Skins, whole die piece — - 1 4 - 1 5

£ i Wombs, the piece (untawed, the timber, containing forty 6.4 -7

Jj|Ikins - § I tawed, the timber, containing forty - I 5 - ' ,7

w [ (tins — - 19- I ro

29

A.D. 1793. Chop. r.

The thirty-second Year Schedule A.

INWARDS.

f the hundred, containing five fcorc ji black, the hundred, containing five

5 l

fcorc

Cat*? poults, the hundred, -containing five fcorc -

Fitches, the limber, containing forty skins

rthe black fox ikin

i 4 the ordinary (kin

(Wombs, poults, or pieces, the pane

untawed, the timber, containing \ forty skins

] tawed, the timber, containing for-k -ty skins

Graycs,

Jennets,

r raw, the (kin black )

seasoned, the (kin

r raw, the (kin (. seasoned, the (kin

r Skins, the piece Leopards, j

C Wombs, the pane

("the timber, containing forty I|skins

| I Gills, the timber, containing

j Matrons i *ins

Pouts, the pane or mantle

Tails, the hundred, containing [ five score

Miniver, the,mantle

Minks, untawed, the timber, containing forty ficins

- , tawed, the timber, containing forty

skins -

Moul Ikins, die dozen -

Otter skins, die piece

Ounce skins, the piece

Sables of all forts, the timber, containing forty skins

Weafcl skins, the dozen

r tawed, die-piece --

Wolf skins, J untawed, the piece

(_ Wolverines, the piece -

x —

- 2i I I

- 6{

-Galls, the hundred weight, containing n 2lb. — 2 2 but if for dyers use, free.

: Garnets, small, rough, the pound - — 22

- , small or great, cut, the pound - — 6 4

r for carpenters, the groce -----8 i-

Gimlets, } 6

C for vintners, the dozen - — 10

orge III. eat Britain.|Foreign. IFrom other { Countries.

£ ' ' ,. J.

r8 5 — 92

—.117 - 12 3

- 4 3 - 4 7

- 3 2 - 3 S

2 2 — 2 5<)

- 4 4

- 2 2 - 4

-19 — Ill

- 2 8 — 2 10

- 2 8 — 2 10

- 3 6 — 310

8 -~s

10 II

- 5 3 - 5 8

1 1 — I 29

2 2 — 2; 6

- 2 7 — 29

- 2 2 - 4

v» CO — 92

- 2 10 — 3 —

- 12 8 — 13 8

l6 IO - .8 3

__ ,x M

- I 2

- 2 8 — 2 IQ

6 6 — 6 16 6

1 r

- IS 4 — 6 10

4 10 - 5 3

- 29 - 3 —

- 22 — 2 6

-43' - 4 7

- 12 -8 - 13 8

- 1 5 - 1 7

- 19— I 10 Girth

The thirty-second Year of George III.31

Schedule A. From Gre Briiifli. at Britain. Foreign. From other Countries.

INWARDS. £ s. d. / 4. d. £ s- d-

Girth web, the grace - 3 2 — 64 — 6 10

|" Glasses for watches, the dozen ~ 7t -

Burning glasses, the dozen — —9— —

Glass pipes, small, the pound Glass pipes, great, die hundred weight, con- 4I -

n tabling 112lb. I 2 II

O Hour glasses, the groce — 4 -

if Vials, the hundred, containing live fcorc — I I

5^ Water glasses, the dozen, of all forts [the whole case, containing 24 7 -

Window J Iem‘s glasses, J , the half case, (or fide) — 310

I ' containing 12 leaves — in

Glew, the hundredweight, containing it2lb. Globes, small, the pair, under eighteen inches — 22 — 22 — 2 6

diameter - - , large, the pair, eighteen inches dia- — 4 3 - 4 3 — 4 7

meter - - 8 5 - 8 5 — 92

Gloves of all forts, the dozen — , and if of silk, and not Britishi, or the manufacture of Persia or the East Indies, for _32 -64 — 6 10

every pound weight Gold foil, the small groce, containing twelvx - 4 4 — 4 4 —

dozen - 7 — 1 3 — 1 4i

paper, the small groce Gold and fdver thread right, the pound con- - J — 2 10 - 3 1

tabling twelve ounces Venice weight - 4 3 - 8 s -91

Grains, or scarlet powder, the pound ——, of Seville, in berries, or grains of Por- 7 7 —9

tugal, or Rotta, the pound — 41 — 5

Gravers, or punfons for goldsmiths, the pound ij 2r - — 3

Grindstones, the chalder -24 — 24 — 2 6

' Almonds, the hundred wt. containing 112lb. , in the shell, the thousand — 12 8 — 13 8 41

Anniseeds,die hundred wt. containing 112lb. - 4 3 — 10 6 - n 7

Cinnamon, the pound - 12 i — r 21-

« Cloves, the pound — - I Si — 1 8*

0 Cocoa nuts, die pound — St 6

J y 0 Currants, the hundred wt. containing 11 alb. - in foreign ships — —1610 — 18 2;-1 1 —

O Dates, the hundred wt. containing ii2lb. — — is n 1 — 6

Figs, the hundred wt. containing 112lb. —, in foreign ships Ginger, of the East Indies, die pound, or — -49 -; ' - 5 to

other foreign plantations H 2 6i Ginger

A.D. 1792.Chap. r.

Ginger,

The thirty-fee on'd Tea; Schedule A.

I N AV A R D . K.

f Ginger, of the "West Indies, the pound; j not Brhifh plantation

I-----, of the English plantations, vide

i schedule D,

j

Green, vide drugs.

I'Liouorice, the hundred weight, containing 11 alb.

- Juice, or'ball, the pound -

;'0

*Macc, the pound ’Nutmegs, the pound Pepper, the pound

Pinmento, the pound, (vide schedule D.)

Prunes, the hundred wt containing mlb.

- , in-foreign fiiips

Raisins of all forts, the hundred, containing ri2lb.

- , in foreign ships

Sugars, refined, in loaves, not being baf-tnrds, ami-all candy, being of the manu-faflure of Great Britain, for every hundred weight, containing 11 z futtle lbs.

refined, called ballards, and.all

ground and powdered refined, and all refined lo;if sugars broken in pieces, for every lumilred weight thereof containing 112 futtlixlbs.

rluulcovauo, r

J atn I Vide, schedule C -i Wh,tc> j and schedule D. L Refined, L

C.

Corn-powder, the hundred wt. .^Gunpowder, J containing 112lb.

vocat. 1 Serpentine, the hundred wt. con-' '* taming 112lb. 1

! Camels hair, the pound

Elks hair for fuddles, the hundred wt. containing ii2lb.

Goats hair, the 112lb.

Hair bottoms for sieves, the grace, containing twelve dozen

; Halberts, gilt, the piece

- , ungilt, the piece

Hammers, the dozen

- r—, vocat. horseman’s hammers, the

dozen -

c/" George III.

Prom Great Britain. Brit’lh. I Foreign.

£ -

2 7%-

248

I 3 -I

£ s- d-

3i

5 9.

- 3 32

1 3i

- 5 —

2 8i

-.92

S 3 3 3

7 3

2 j 2 -

3 7 11 10

I — I I

J — 2 10.

4* H-p OO 1 1

5 —10

S — 2 10

From other Countries.

£. 1. d.

- 3 I

- 1 3t

- 2!

- 2 II

- .3 4

—9- n

- 11 S

29—

2 6 3

- hi

- 3 10

- II IG

- i 3

- .3 1

- 9

- 11

- 3 1

- For ItT'porKti'n of Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace, and Nutmegs, vide 23 and 23 Geo. III.

cat. ,25, t-ni continued by 29 Geo. III. cap, 39.

Handkerchers

The thirty second Year of George III. Schedule A.

I n w ARDS.

Handkerchers or handkerchiefs, the dozen

- , and further additional duties, according to the nature of the fabric.

Harncfs, plates, vide plates.

- , Roses, the thousand

Hatbands, the groce, containing twelve d07.cn

Hats, vocat. ftntw hats, vide bafts.

- , of beaver wool, or hair, the hat

- , all other hats, the piece

f Hemp, fhovt, drafted, the hundred weight, containing ii 2lb.

- , in foreign ships

Cullen or iteel licmp, and -all other forts of drafted hemp, the hundred wt. containing n 2ib.

——, in foreign flnps

Spruce Muscovia (and all other undressed hemp) free.

Hemp-feed, free.

pBuff hides, the Jiide

Cow hides, of Barbary or Muscovy, the

hide -

Cow or liorfc hides, tanned, the piece (not American)

-, in the hair, the piece,

(not American)

Losh hides, the piece, (not American)

j Red or Muscovia hides, tanned, coloured or uncoloured, the hide

Fcr British plantations, vide fckedtde D.

Hilts for swords and daggers, the dozen -

Honey, the barrel, of forty-two gallons

f of iron, for pipes or hogsheads, the j hundred weight, containing I i alb.

Hoops, <j----- of all forts, the hundred

j weight,

I of wood, for coopers, th^ thousand Hops, the hundred weight, containing uzlb. Hornbooks, plain, the groce Horn books, gilt, the groce Horns for lanterns, the thousand Horses and marcs, geldings and nags, the piece Hunting horns, the dozen Jet, the pound

Jews trumps, the groce, containing twelve dozen

Indigo, free.

V'ol. XVI.

From Gre British. . at Britain. Foreign. From other Countries.

£. s. rf. £. x. i.

-S3 - " 7 -12 7i

t-j , .2.1. . 3

- to 6 I I — 1 -2 .9

- io 6 I I — I 2 p

- 2 ii — 4 3 — 4 .7

- ii 7 - ii -7 -13 8

- 17 IO

- r;9- ij9- >93

1 6 3

- 2 7’: - 2 7'« — 3 —

- 89

I I II - ' 3

Pi 9i — «— IOi

- 1 3-! — 1 -3i — > 5 -

—9— —1 10

- 4 3 — 8 5 -92

- 6 4 — 64 — 7 —

- 4 7 — 47 "" 5

-4 2; - 4 2-7 — 411

- I — 1 — 't

I 2 — — 2 IO —

10 — 1 8 — I 10

- i 8-1 — 3 4v - 3 8

- 2 2 - 2 2 — 2 Ci

~ 4 — — 4 — — A —

- 2 2 — 43 - 4 1

- 4+ s

- I I I- —22' - 2 4 Ink

The thirty-second Year of George III.

D. Schedule A. From Gr British. ’at Britain. Foreign. From other Countries-

1. i N W A R D S. f- ' r. t. d. £ 1 d.

Ink for printers, the Immlrcchvt. containing mlb. - 4 at - 4 2t — 4 11

Inkhorns, the groce, containing twelve dozen - 6 4 — 12 8 - >3 8

- , of glass, the dozen — 4 - 2 -

-Inkle, unwrought, the pound , - — 2; -

—, wroug it, the dozen pounds '"Bullet ferews, the dozen Incision (beers, the dozen - 8 5 I — 10 — I i 3 — 1 I. II 2

Instruments, for barbers < and chirur-geons, vueat. Paces or tooth drawers, the dozen 7 — I — 1 2

Puhicancs, the dozen Sets, the bundle, containing sixteen ^Trepans, the dozen 3 — 1 J — I 5 — 2 2 — 2 2 6 4

"unwrought, for every ton - r fniall, (half a hundred weight - to 6 — 10 6 — 10 6

liacks for \ and downwards), the piece - 1 s — 22 — 2 3

o c C large,.the piece Hands for kettles, the hundred weight con- — 2 10 - 4 3 — 4 6

taming mlb. Doubles, \ itic plates. _Hoop<, vide hoops. -75- - 11 7 — 12 3

‘Irons, box irons, the dozen -27 - S -i - s <5

- Smoothing irons, not box, the dozen — Ill — 3 10 - 4 2

- Stirrup irons, the dozen pair li - I 3; — I s

Iron ore r.nd cinders, the ton —s—.Liquor for dyers use, free. — ft - 8t

Juice of lemons, the pipe, (free if for dyers use) 1 CO 1 -4 cs 0 — 18 3

Junk, called old junk, the ton — 10 6 - 10 6 — 12 3

Ivoi y, the pound, unwrought — — 1 1 — I 3

Kelp, the ton - — 32 - 3 2 - 3 8

Kcyknpps, the groce, containing twelve dozen — 22 - 4 3 — 4 7

Key $ for watches, the groce, Almine, Bohemia, ami all other coarse - 2 7 - 5 ~ s S

knives, tite dick.r, com,lining ten knives Smelters knives, the dicker, containin'; ten 4 8 — .9

j knives - 4 8 —9I

11 Carving Uivcs, llie -49 — 11 — — 12

jH Coopers knives, the tlcc.cn Cullen knives, the ipocc, containing twelve — 1 1 — 22 —i 2 4

sT1 dozen — 1 >59I I? 6

| Curriers knives, die dozen — 26 - ~ 5 6

j Drawing knives, the dozen (Hovers knives, die bundle, containing fix -10 - I 8 ~ 1 4

L inivci - — I 10 ~ 5 — - 5 6

4 Vcalalvc.,

The thirty-second Year of George III.

Schedule A. From Grot Britain.

British. Foreign.

INWARD S.

('Penknives, the grocc, containing twelve j|dozen

e ! Skcrknives, the dicker, containing ten \ knives

Stock £ ungilt, the dozen flocks

Knives £ gilt, the dozen flocks

"Bone lace of thread, the dozen yards

Crewel lace, the small groce, containing twelve dozen

Of gold or silver, or silver and gold, die pound Troy or Venice weight

Gold and silver lace, the ounce Troy

£ , Pomet lace, die groce, containing twelve - dozen -

Purl or antlet lace of thread, the groce,

containing twelve dozen

pBone lace, tl jji \ sixteen ou

w|Lace of, al K containin

-Bone lace, die small pound, containing i ounces (of all forts)

f, all other forts, the pound, containing sixteen ounces

Ladles, vocat melting ladles, the hundred wt. containing 112lb.

Lafl blocks, the dozen

Latches and catches, iron, the dozen

Laths, the thousand -

f- black latten, the hundred weight, con-Latten, \ taining n rib. vocat. Vfliaven latten, the hundred weight, con-K taming mlb.

/ the ton, containing twenty hundred \ weight -

Lead, or sheets, die hundred weight

Ore, the ton

Basil leather, the dozen

Hangings, gilt, the piece

Leather for masks, the pound

Spanish, Turkey, East India, or Cordo-vant, die 12 skins

i

Spruce, Mufcoyia or Danfit leather, the_dozen skins -

r of gold, the hundred leaves, contain-Leaves,) big five score

Cof silver, the thousand leaves

/Vide, oranges.

Lemons, }

(. Pickled, the pipe

Lime, die barrel, (free if for dyers use)

Lime juice, the gallon (fret if for dyers use)

£ ' «/

- S 5 12 8

- 43

- 8 j

195

- 2 —i

£ / '/ - 6 4

- 16 10 i 5 2 ~ 8 s

- 16 10

- i I 2126

- 1S9

~ 4 3 — 2l -----«

-is

- 7 II

12 8

- 1 1

- 8 5 22 —

From other Countries.

£ s. d.

- 6 109

- ,3 5

1 7 4

-9

- is 3

- 43

- 2 2 7 '7 <S; 10 3

- 8 S

- 2i

- I I

7 5 (- 7 11 12 8

- 1 1

- S 2 2 —

- 85 — 16 10

- " 4 3

I

- 7 — 1 1

22 - 43

i

i

8 C. 16 10

b: I,:*

12

4 7

- 2 4

8 1 —

S tz —

—92

- 3

- 1 2 .— 1

- 8 1

- 8 ,9

- '4

- ‘ 3

—910 (29 —

- 18 :f

1

- 10

I

- 12 J

- 4 "

- 1 2

- 4 7

- is 3

British,

35 A.D. 1792.Chap. 1.

s

The thirty-second Year of George III.

I).

Schedule A.

Tabling,

INWARDS.

f British, brown or white, free. Conditionally, 4 C. j . chap. 6

Dutch havras, ami Hcflcns canvas, the hundred ells, containing fix (core

And further, for every square yard thereof

Packing canvas, guttings, and spruce cam as, the hundred ells, contain- ingiao

And further, for every square yard

thereof -

Poledavics, spruce, Elbing or Queens-borough canvas the bolt, containing 28 ells

And further for every square yard

thereof -

The alove, and m every such case, the additional duty of 6th per Tird is appropriated to the encouragement of the Linen Manufoehtre.

of Holland making, the yard

of Silesia making, the

yard

of Holland making,

tTowdlingamlj l^ie y;in* j N.ipkhiing, J 0fSiicfia making the

L yard

of Holland making, the

( yard Tabling, -J

J of Silesia making, the

k yard

g* Napkins, of Holland making, the dozen

f of Holland making, the

Towelling y*rd

and

Napkining, of Silesia making, the <- yard

Drillins, and packducks, the hundred ells,

containing fix fenre

- 1 and further for every

fquure yard liiureof

‘ Bag Holland, of Holland making, the cH

I----- And further for every square

t_ yard thereof -

Linen rags, free.

Litmus, the hundred \vt containing nzlb. free if for dyers use.

From Great Britain.

British.

L i. d.

C-

- 149

- 6\

- 12 - 6;

Foreign.

C- < i-

- 16 - 6i

- 13 8

- 6i

4 I

- 61

- 1 8"

7j

- 1—;

- 6:

-64

- 4l

_____, i __ .1

3 ot

—96 — 10 3

From other Countries.

- 8

- 3}

~ 7

- 6 jo

- 4t

- 6!

- ' s

- <H

- 6i

' 7 '

- 6j

- s

' An.! fir nd upaa all Unfit tow’.'ia;. nipktns, or cloths, male of flu or hemp, not fc'intj of the maiulVafture of Great Bdtai.i, France, or the French dominion., in Fuiopc, an additional datv cf (id. by the yard, it the same be yard wide, or tinder, and of is per yard, if the fame be above o.'r yardj and under tiro yards wide; and of as. per yard, if the fame be -twoyards wide or more.

Lockers,

The thirty-second Year of George III.

Schedule A.

f.

From Great Britain.

INWARDS.

Lockers, c.r chapes for daggers, the groce, containing twelve dozen

'Budget or hanging locks, final!, the groce, containing twclVc dozen

Hanging locks, large, the groce, containing twelve dozen

Box, chef: and cupboard locks, the

groce

Horse locks, the dozen j c r. r eo.sble, the dozen

i *l'nnS S Locks, £ fmglc, the dozen

Stock £ the dozen

[_ Locks, £ fugle, the dozen Looms, called weavers looms, free.

C Cullen making, with cases, the dozen

C Venice making, with cases, the dozen

-Callings, the groce, containing twelve dozen knots

Lute-firings, J vide harpflrings.

Klimkins, the groce, containing . twelve dozen knots

Crop madder, and all other bale madder, the hundred wt. containing ii2lb.

Fat madder, the hundred wt. containing ii2lb.

Mul madder, the hundred wt. containing i I2lb.

Magnus, the hundred wt. containing H2lb.

Maps, printed, the ream

Marbles, for children, the thousand

Match, for guns, the twenty pounds

Metheglin, the hogshead

Metal leaf, except fdver or gold, the packet, containing two hundred and fifty leaves

Mithridate, the pound

Mortars and pcflles of brass, the pound

Mum, the barrel -

Muslin, (plain white) the square yard

Muflard feed, the hundred wt. containing i i2lb.

Chair nails, the thousand - '

Copper nails, rose nails, and fadlers nails, the sum, containing ten thou-

From other

Madder, (free if for dyers use.)

- 2 — 8

- 4

Nails,

vocat.

sand

Harness nails, die sum, containing ten thousand

111. Foreign. Countries.

d. C- ' i r. s.

5 1 - 3 I

8 -'59-64

3 - li 7 f — 12 7

61 — 5 1 - 5 5

10 — I 8 — I 10

- 3 4l -3.8

—z —2 1* — 24

n - 4 2i - 4 7

3 + — i 6i — 29

- i 13 8 II6 J

- 5 - 10 S93

69— — 10

10 1 OO — 6 [

7 - 2 7 - 3

S — 1 S — i 3

7 7 8

1 — 2 I — 2 6

S — 1610 - 18 3

6 10 10

2 2 3

3 - 8 S -92

I -24

- r 4 2 -47

r~ 3i 3f

4 — 12 8 1 - 13 8

ioi — i n; —

i 1 r 1 1 — 1 3

s 1 — 2 10 - 3

5 — 2 10 - 3 '

2 r 4 3 — 4 7

- I e —

- 2 2 —

Nails,

38

a. r>.

I7t)2.

Chap. I.

The thirty-second Year of George III.

Schedule A.

From Great Britain. Briiifii. j Forei/n.

From other

Countries.

Nuts,

vocat

INWARDS.

r Head nails, the barrel Nails, \ Small nails, the half barrel vuc.u. / Spring nails, the sum, containing ten v themfand Neats tongues, of Ilufiin, the d07.cn

("Sewing needles, the twelve thou-

Needles, J f;uul vocat. j Tael; needles, tlx theufund

l^Sat! needles, the thousand

rSmall nuts, the barrel

| Chesnuts, the barrel

LV/nlnuts, the barrel

Oaker, the barrel -

Oakum, the hundred wt. containing 112lb.

Ore, vocat. iron ore, the ton

Oars, the hundred, containing fix fcorc

- , in foreign ships

Olives, th.e hngfiiead

f the barrel -

r, , the hundred bunches

Onions,

j Seeds, the hundred weight, containing 112lb.

Oranges ami lemons, the thousand

Oivlial, the hundred weight, containing mlb. But if for dyers use, free.

Oil cloth, the yard -

"Oil of jefiamimt, the pound

Oil extracted from juniper berries, free.

Oil of vitriol, free.

Ijinfccd oil, by subjects, the ton

- by Rrangers, the ton

Rape, by subjects, the ton

'----- by strangers, the ton

Seville, Majorca, Minorca, Aprglia, Provence, and Portugal, by luejects, the ton

- , by {hungers, the ton

Sallad oil, by subject, the Ion - by fir ;ngers, the ion

Greenland, by fu’j.As, the ton

- , by Grangers, the ton

Oil, head nutter, or other produce of whales, or orlrr creatures loing in the feus, taken and caught in any pint of the ocean by the crew

of

£ /. ' £ i- l. d.

- 16 10 3 c 16 S

- 16 10 '3 S i id 5

- 9— I 5_I 7

- 3

- 49— 10 — — 10 10

- 1 I — 2 2 2 4

- I 1 — 2 2 2 4

- I 7 - 3 2 - 3 s

- 9- I 5 - I 7

- 29- 29- 3 2

- 3 — 3i — " 4i

- 6 — — 6 - — 8

- 18 4 — .8 4 I I —

i 6 3

- I >3 896 I 16 5

- i s9- 3 - 3910

- 8 5 - 8 5 —910

- <s9— '7 6

- 3 2 — 3 8

- si — — ni — I —

- ,31 — — 6‘ — — 7

9>5 a 0 19’3 3« 10 5 91

10 3 2 10 3 2 10 i<5 4

3 - 3 3 — 3 3 '3 6

3 10 11 3 10 11 4 I s

~ — — 4 8 2-1 1 ‘8 , J.

i — — 5 1 104 5 i 10b

i — — 6 12 4 7 i4 4 c

- 7 8 10 8 \6 5

- 16 10 18 11

i i

i 4

The thirty-second Year of George III. Schedule A. I From Great Britain.

| Britishi. J Foreign.

jFrom other

j Countries.

I N \V

11 B S.

'£ s. J. £. s. d. £. s. d.

of any Hup or veil'd built in Great Britain, Ireland, or the iii.mds of Gucrnlev, hrlcy, or Man, wholly owned by his Ivi.;jvih'\s iV.b-jech utu.illy rending tiiciciu rdpecih civ, may on import, lion be admitted to entry, anil landed witi-ait payment of any duty whatever.

NoUj For Biiti'"' plant,aion and Amciican oils, vide iehvuiilc D.

Oysters, pickled, the gallon Packthread,

in Ikcans, the hundred -weight

I

£vocat. bottom thread, the ioolb. —

r Dripping and frying pans, the j Pans vocat. ) hundred v.r. containing H2lb.'— 5 L Warming pans, the dozen ’Blue paper, the ream Brown paper, the bundle

Paper of Caen and Rouen, ordinary, the Ream

Cap paper, the ream

Card paper, the ream

3 Demy paper, the ream

Gold paper, vide gold.

qj

Morlaix paper, the ream

Ordinary printing and copy paper, the ream — .— 3 i 1

Painted paper, the ream

Prefiing paper, the hundred leaves

Rochelle paper as large as demy paper, the ream'

Royal paper, the ream

Pasteboard for books, the thousand

Parchment, the roll, containing fix dozen (beets

Peas, called garden peas, the btifhel but if for (owing, free.

Fenners, the grace, containing twelve dozen

Pikes,

Pike heads, the piece

y without heads, the piece C with heads, the piece Pincers, or plyers, the dozen - the twelve thousand

Pins,

Pipes,

(. English, the twelve thousand

- for children, the grace, containing; \ twelve dozen

for tabors, the dozen

- 3i — — 6

6 4 — 12

s 3 10 6

5 3 —96

6 4 — 12 8

1 1 — I 1

- 3i — " 7

- I 6

- 9; — I IO

- 8 - I 8

I 3i — 2 3'

- I 3

- 3» — I 3

t9- 2 10

I9— 3 2

- 2 —

2 1 i - 3 2

I 5 - I s

s 5 — s 5

I I -

4 3 - 8 5

n ii — 4 2

" ? — — 1

- 41 - —9

- rt ' - I —

- i - —9

- 4 2

I 6i

- 10 — 1 8

8 s - 16 19

~ 7 13 S 11 5

10 2 13 8

1 3

- H

1 7*

2 —

1 10

2 6*.

I 4i-' 1 4*

3 1 3 5

2 2

3 6

- 6

92 4 7

- 1*

- 10

1 —

- 10

4 7

I TO

18 3

Pitch,

39

A.D. 1792.Chap. 1.

40

The thirty-second Year of George III.

A.D. 1792.

Chap. 1.

Schedule A.

INWARD S.

ffmail band, the Jail, containing 12 J barrels

Pitch,

vocat.

- in foreign

ships

\ great band, the last, containing 12 barrels -

ships

in foreign

Plain irons, the dozen

Plaister of Paris, the mount, containing 3000 weight -

r of cedar, the foot

Planks, J of England, the hundred feet, con-C taining five score

Plates,

vocat.

f Single, white or black, the barrel, containing 300 plates

Double, white or black, th£ barrel, , containing 300 plates

Harneferplates, f |luJ1(j]c^ contain-

r. j°rt-i J in? 10 plates

Iron doubles, (_ b 1

Playing tables of walnut tree, the pair

Points,

of thread, the great groce, containing 12 final! groce

of enpiten, the great groce, containing 12 small groce

of fine fiik, the small groce, containing 12 dozen

- And for every lb. weight of silk

not of the manufacture of Great Britain, China, Persia, or the East I Indies -

Pomegranates, tire thousand Pomy, or pumice stones, the ton

Covered, the 100 cast, containing five score

Pots, vocat of 1 Uncovered, the 100 cast, con-.Earth or stone, taining a gallon to every cast, whether in one pot or L more

fGallypots, the roo, containing five j leove -

Pots j Iron> not exceeding gallons cadi, vocat. 1 tllc do«n

J Melting-pots for gohlfmitlis, the 100 (_ Ail pots and kettles of iron, the dozen Printing letters or types, the hundred weight 4

Prom Great Britain.

Elitifli. Foreign.

£ ' d-

-43 — 4 3

1 " 1 I 10 1 1 1 1 — 68

3 - 3 8 - 3 8 13

- 1 4

- 6 4 -64

K> 00 - 12 8

T- 2 2 - 4 3

9- 1 S

- 2 2 - 4 3

- 4 3 - 8 5

~3l -64

-49 — 6 — 4 4 — - 8 11 - 6 —

- 8 1 — .10 11

~ 7 5 — " 7

- 4 — 10 6

- 3 2 -64

6 10

- 18 11 III 6

- 10 6 I

From other Countries.

£ ' d.

- 4 n

-64

- 710

- to 2

- 6

- 4 5

- 14 —

- 4 7

- 1 7

- 4 7

-92

- 6 10

4 4 —

-98

~ 6 3

- 11 4

- 12 3 ~ !I 3

- 6 10 10

1 13 8

I 2 y

P ullics

The thirty-fecund’ Year of George III. Schedule A.

I N W A R U S.

PulHes of iron, the groce, containing 12 cIoy.cn

of wood, the groce, containing 12 dozen -

PulHes vocat.

41

Prom Great Britain. 1 From other A.D. Hritifli. I Foreign. Countries

£ s- ,l £ J-

Quinces, the hundred Rackets, the piece Raddle, the barrel Rapeseed, the quarter

r the groce, containing Rattles for children, ) twelve dozen

Ribband

Rings,

I with bells, the dozen

Razors, the dicker, containing ten

Reaping hooks or sickles, the dozen

Regulus, the hundred weight

rof {ilk of all forts, and all other manufactures, the pound, containing sixteen ounces

of gold, silver, or both, the pound, containing sixteen ounces

Rice, vide schedule D.

Rims for sieves, the groce, containing twelve dozen -

f for curtains, the pound

for keys, the groce, containing twelve dozen

of brass, copper or St. Martin’s, gilt, the groce, containing twelve dozen

small, the box, containing two groce, twelve dozen to each groce

of hair, the groce, containing twelve dozen,

of wire, the groce, containing twelve dozen

Rosin, if not of the product of any of the British dominions or plantations, and imported in ships built and navigated according to law, for every hundred weight

- , and if imported in any foreign built

vessel, for every hundred weight thereof

Saddles, of Heel, the piece

Safflore, the hundred wt. containing nalb. but if for dyers use, free.

Saffora, vide Barilla.

Saffron, the pound

the bushel, containing eight gallons

—, in foreign ships Vql. XVI. 1

- 13 3

- 22 5

- 1 1

- 21

2 2

- 5 2 2

- 2

- 4

10 6 — 16 10

- 8

- U

1 4 2

4 3 — 10

5

4 7

- u

- 2

1

- 2

r- 4 3

- 10

- 4 3 7i

- 4 3

5 5 —

5 !5 7

- 8

- 3i

- 4 3

- 4

- 4

7 r

7

8

- 4 11

5 696~ s

- 9

- 4

2 I

Salt,

all

ft

white of / forts, /

2 6' — 2 61

2 7a

4 3 8 5

1-2 2-

8 5 '

-32

- 3i

I,

6 4 r- 3',

- 4

- 2

7 3

- 8

1 —

- act

2 7I

4 7

910

- 610

:-----4

4f

1792. Chap. 1.

Salt,

The thirty-feccnd Year of George III.

A.D. 1792. Schedule A.' From Grea Britishi. t Britain. Foreign. From ether Countries.

Chap. 1. INWARDS. £ ' J- C- ' ' £ j. d.

Salt, vocat. Rock salt, the ton Salt-pctrc, the hundred weight, containing — I "Z - 1 — i - 1 —I

112lb. - -.'fframe-saws, each Hand-saws, the dozen, - 4 3 89— 4 3 — 1 4 — 1 5 — 4 n ~ 1 5 - 1 7

Saws, vocat. ^{Leg-saws, the piece j Tenant-saws, the dozen [Whip-saws, the piece ("for razors, the dozen in J for scabbards, the bundle contain-oca es, <j ing I00 |_Vide Brass. Scarlet powder, vide grains. -9— 1 5 6\ 1 i — 1 5 — 2 10 — 11' 3 — 1 7 — 3 1 — 1 2 3

s S

Sciflars, the grocc, containing twelve dozen — 411 - 8 S -9—

Scythes, the dozen — '2 2 - 4 3 -47

Scythe Roues, the dozen Sea-holly roots, the hundred weight, contain- *1 s, 3 3

ing mlb. ... 7 *" - - 7 - - 7 .4

Sea horic teeth, the pound r Cinque foil, clover, the pound 7 — 8 -

tCecs’ 4 Millet, the'hundred weight Vide Drugs, for feeds of agtius cofcus, ameos, umomi, c.irr.tway, carthamus, coriander, fetjncll, piojiy, poppy, and femen thlapfii, , other feeds for gardens, the pound - 19— n - 192J — 2 I 2t

Sieves of hair, the dozen — I I — r 1 — 1 3

Sha g, ftuir, or hair, the yard vocat. forceps, the groce, containing twelve dozen - 1 5 — 2 10 — 3 t

for gloves, the pair ,x 2i — 3

garden (heers, the dozen — 28 s 3 - 59

e for feamRers, the dozen S —9 - 9

rG CO c n f new, the pair for fhearmen, r — 22 - 4 3 - 4 7

C old, the -pair Sheep flieers, the dozen for taylors, the dozen - 1 s .9 - 19- 210 - 1 s - 3 s I I 1 OJ h. CM 09-4 -1

Sheaths for knives and forks, the groce 7 — I I — I 2

Shot,- the hundredweight Shruff, or old brass, the hundred weight, con- - 1 7 -32- - 3 S

taining iizlb. ... — 64 - 6 4 ~ 7 5

Shumack, the hundred wt. containing H2lb. free, if for dyers use. -*5 — 1 8 Silt

The ihirij-feccr.d Year of George III. Schedule A.

INWARD S.

"Orgazine silk, the lb. containing sixteen ounces

Silk, raw, not being of the growth or culture cf any ofliis Majesty's colonies in America, for every pound weight, containing twenty-four ounces

Satin silk, the p ound, containing sixteen ounces -

Silk nubs waste or hulks, the pound, containing twenty-one ounces

Thrown silk, (undyed) the pound, containing sixteen ounces

Thrown silk, dyed, the pound, containing sixteen ounces

China damalk, the yard

Cloth of gold, plain, the yard

- of tissue, the yard

And further, if of the manufacture of Great Britain, Perfu, or the East Indies an additional duty per yard of

Otherwise, and not the manufacture of Great Britain, an additional duty -for every pound weight thereof

Allfilks wrought of the-fabric or manufacture of the East Indies, Italy, or any part or places whatsoever, the pound weight, containing sixteen ounces

Silk manufacture, not otherwise rated, mixed with, gold,-silver, or both, the pound

Skeets for whitfters, the flceet

f Buck, in the hair, the skin

—, Drest, the skin

| Calf Ikins, raw, the dozen

- , tanned, the dozen

Cordovant, of Scotland, the dozen

Dog-fish Ikins, for fletchers, the dozen

Fox Ikins, dre'ft, the^dozen

Goat Ikins, of Barbary, or the Bast country, in the hair, the dozen Ikjns

- , of England and Scotland, in

the hair, the dozen

- , tanned, the dozen

if raw and undressed* and imported in British or Irish vessels, navigated according to law, free.

Huss Ikins, for fletchers, the skin

From Gre Britishi. at Britain. Foreign. Frcm othe Countries

£ d £ ' d- £ ' d

- 19— 21

- ~~ 1 3^ — 1 3

- 4 3 — 4 ii

- 3 3

- 3 6 - 4 2

- 5 3 — 62

- S — d 7

os _L 1 CO On — P 10

- 12 .8 — 12 8 -14

I I — I I — I 4

- 7 ~ i 7

- 4 4 — 4 4"

- 7 II 4 12 — 4 129

1 S 3 J93 5 '3 J

x i; 1

3i 3i 4

7 7 8

99 — — ro

- I 4 - I 4 — i 6

- 2 10

4 — — 4 5

- 2 2 - 3 — - 3 3

- I 10 — 22

9

~ 4 3 1 I. 2 "43 — 4 II Ki

The thirty-second Year of George III.

D.

Schedule A.

From Great Britain. Eritifli.|Foreign.

Si

m

INWARDS.

j-In the hair, the too, contain-

KiJ kins,|"8 fiC fc0re

/ Dressed, tJie 100, containing five (core

Portugal /kins, the dozen

Seal Ikins, the skin

Shamois skins, the dozen

Sheep skins, in the wool, the (kin

Spanish, Seville, or Cordovant /kins, the dozen

[Spruce Ikins, tawed, the dozen

Slates, the thousand

Smalts, free.

Snu/F, the pound

Snuffers, the dozen, being not lacquered or japanned -

'Black, free.

) Castile, or Venice, the hundred wt. containing nib.

Spades, for gardeners, the dozen

Spangles, of copper, the thousand

Spectacles, without cases, the grocc, containing twelve dozen

'SpiritSir>erf<‘£lly made, and not exceeding single proof, the gallon

Brandy, geneva, and other foreign spirits perfectly made, and not exceeding Angle proof, the gallon

- , in foreign /hips

Ruin, not of the British plantations, thi gallon -

—, in foreign ships, the gallon

- > of the British plantations, videSche-

duie D.

Soap, C1 vocat. } C

S. u. l£. s. I I

2 2

4 3 - 4 3

- 2 3 " 2 - 3 —

- 10 <5

4 3 -43

1 1 — I I

—9- > S

- ‘59

2 2 ~ 4 3

- n- 3

2 — — 4 1

4 *i —

- 48}

- 4 8}

And for every gallon of foreign spirits above the quality of Angle spirits, art additional duty for such spirits to be paid in proportion to the duties payable for single spirits of the fame denomination, according to the comparative degree of strength which such spirits shall bear to Angle spirits of the fame denomination.

And by 33 Geo. 2. cap. 10. All Jhrub or other mixed /pints imported into this kingdom) pall be deemed and taken to be single spirits or spirits perfcBly made, and pay duty as such.

From other Countries.

~,~~Z

- 2 6

- 4 II

- 411 -2

- 3 ys

- 1

- 12 3

- 4 n

- ‘ 3

- 91

- 1 7

- 16 10

-47

- 3

- 4 fi

5

S P

5 U S9

Spoons

SThe thlrty-second Year of George III.

Schedule A. j From Gre British- it Britain. Foteign. From other Countries.

inwards. Spoons of horn, the grace, containing twelve £ £. ,. d. £ ' J-

dozen - Spunges, vide drugs. - I 8-J - 1 si — 2 —

Standiflies, of brass, the dozen , of wood, the dozen — , covered with leather, gilt, the piece ——-—, vocat. pocket standiflies, die dozen — 1 4 S9— 26 — — 10 - i 5 -29 11 r- 1 7 6

Starch, the hundred weight, containing ii2lb. Steel, wisp or long steel, die hundred weight — 6 10 — 6 10 - 8 7

containing 11 alb. — 3 2 — 32 — 3<5

Stockings, of fdk, the pair, — , and for every pound weight of fdk, — 43 ~ 4 3 — 4 u

not Britishi manufacture, j for men or women, the 1 4 4 — 4 4 —

pair " " f woollen for children, the pair — of worsted for men or women. 4 — 4 — 2 i — 21

tl ie pair - , for children, the pair ’Stone birds, or whittles, the small grocc, 8 4- 8 4i — — to 5

containing twelve dozcu — 5 .10 ] 1

Blood Hones, the pound Dog stones, the last, containing three pair — 11 — I I — 1 3

rt O r* to the last Emery {tones, vide emery. — 6 4 - c 4 - 8 j

tn u Flag stone, the hundred feet - 19- 19— 2 1

b w Mill {tones, the piece Pumice {tones, vide pumy. - 3 6 — 3 4 — 48

Quern r Large, the last 4 - 17 4 - 18 j

Stones, £ Small, the last: - 3 2 - 3 2 -39

Str Slick (tones, the ioo, containing five scote iw hats, vide bafts. — it z — 112 - ii 4

Sturgeon, the firkin — — 64 — 6 10

the keg — - 3 a - 3' s

Succards, wet or dry, the pound Sugar moulds or pots, the hundred, containing — — 4 89

live fcorc - -.Sugars, vide grocery and schedule C.D. Sword blades, of Venice, Turkey, or line blades, -49 - 7 II - 8 5

the dozen, - coarse, of FJanders-making, the - 3 2 — 6 4 — 6 10

dozen - -. f Britishi, vide blades, V01. XVI. M - 4 3 - 4 7 Table

45

A.D. 1792. Chap. 1.

46

A.D. 1792. Chap. 1.

The thirty-feccnd Year of ' George III.

Schedule A. From Gre British. at Britain. Foreign.

INWARD S. £ ' £ ' </ J

Tabic books, coarse, the dozen — I I -22-

fine, the dozen — 22 -43-

Tables, £ Playing tables, of xvainfeot and all

vocat. £ other forts, eoarlft the pair, — — 7 — II-

Tucks of iron, the thousand —9- 1 j -

Tallow, the hundred weight 6i 6i

Tar, finall band, the lad, containing twelve

Great bant)) the last, containing twelve

barrels - S3-

in foreign ships -

Tarras,.the.barrel 8 8

Tea, green, for every pound weight thereof 6i

black, bohea, or other tea, for every

pound weight - 4*

- And if the lame shall have been purchased

at the East India company’s falc in London

for a higher price than four shillingspcr pound,

then a further additional duty ot one penny,

and one twentieth part of a penny per pound

\ ’eight for every lixnence British that shall be paid for the same over and above the sum

of four shillings British at such sale, the price

thereof to be inserted in the cocket, and to be further ascertained by a reference to the sale

Books of the hall India company.

Teazels, the thousand 2 —» — 2

Thimbles, the thousand - 6 4 — 12 8

' Bridges thread, the dozen pounds — — 96.

Crolhow thread, the hundred pounds, containing five score I~ 7 ~ ' - 14 —

rj 'Of gold and silver, vide gold.

<9Lyons or Paris thread, die bale, containing one hundred bolts - — 2 10 5

a Oumal thread, the dozen pounds - . - 6 4 — 12 ,8

8 Piecing thread, the dozen pounds - 8 S — 16 10

Sifters thread, the pound - 1 ,7 -32.

Whited brown thread, the dozen pounds — .2 10 - 4 II

Tiles, called pan tiles, vide bricks.

Tinfoil, the grocc, containing twelve dozen — s — s -

Tinglass, die hundred wt. containing mlb. — 6 4 ~ 6 4

Tinsel, with copper, the yard 7 — I I

- , with right of gold and/dver, die yard — 11 — 22

Tinfltore, the groce, containing twelve dozen 1 — 3 i

Countries. s. tl.

2 4 ' 4 7

I -2

1 7

*3

r-'J

2 15 8

- S

’ 7 S

Tobacco,

The thirty-second Year of George III. Schedule A.

INWARD S. £ ' '! £ 2. d.

Tobacco of the.procucc of Great Britain, North America, or of the British plantations, imported either from Great Britain or from the place of growth, per -pound weight. 6 6

and if imported by Grangers, or by any laws now of force, be subject to aliens duty, tJien a further duty per pound weight of - j

Subject in both cases to inland duties of excise. Tobacco pipes, the grace s 8

Tools, vocat. carving tools, thegroce, containing* twelve dozen - — 2 1 - 4 3

Tortoise fiiell, the pound

Trays of wood, the flioclc, containing sixty trays - — -2 2 — 2 -2

Treacle, Flanders treacle, the band — — 16 10

Treacle, of jean, the pound — 2.

and further, for every hundred weight thereof - —. I I

Trees of all forts, free. Trowels, the dozen - *- 10 — -i 8

'Trumpets, videbrafs, Twill, for band firings, the dozen knots — 1 1 — 22

of gold or silver, the ounce Tin, of Cornwall and Devonshire, unwrought the hundred weight, containing uzlb. —9-43 — 1 5

vocat. grain tin, free. —, wrought, vocat. pewter, the hundred wt. containing i1 alb. - -5 - 8 S

‘Trenchers, white fort, common, the groce, containing twelve dozen s 5

- , red, or painted, itlie groce, containing twelve dozen - 3 -25

Turpentine, oil or spirits, for every pound weight - ii It

Vellum, for table 'boolcs, the skin I I — It

Velvet, the pound - I I S 5 —

Verditcr, the hundred wt. containing ml'b. — 2 10 — 2 10

Viols, the piece -; — 2 10

Vice harps, the dozen — 3 6

Vices, for smiths, the vice —9-tj-

Vinegar, the ton - in 6 6 1 1

Vizards, the dozen - — 27 — S 1

Wainfcots, the hundred containing fix score 3 6 A >3 6

in foreign shipg

From Great Britain. British. j Foreign.

From other Countries.

£ 1

- a

-47 — 8

- a 6

- >8 3 ji

i i —

2 4

- i 7

—9io -----6

- ii I— i 3

586

- 3 4 - 3 1

- 7 6810

- 5

3 >7 —

4 4 —

Wax,

The thirty-second Year of George III.

Schedule A.

INWARDS.

Wax, the hundred weight, containing ii2lb.

- , vocat. hard wax, the pound

Weld or woo’d draw, the hundred weight, if for dyers use, free.

Whalebone, the hundred weight, caught or cured by Britishi or Irish subjects

Fins of whales, taken and caught hi any part of the ocean, by the crew of any ship or vessel, built in Great Britain, Ireland, or the isles of Guernsey, Jersey, or Man, wholly owned by his Majesty's subjects, usually residing therein respectively, are upon importation to be admitted to entry, and landed without payment of any duty whatever. Vide schedule D.

‘Whalebone, not Britishi or Irish, caught and cured, the hundred weight,

Whet-stones, die hundred dunes, containing five score

Whip-cord, die pound

Whiffles, cocks or bellows, the grace

- , cocks or birds of stone, the small

gvcce, containing twelve dozen

'Whiting, the hundred weight

Woad, vocat. iHands or green woad, the ton, containing twenty hundred weight if for dyers use free.

Woad, Tholouse voad, the hundred wt. containing 11 alb. if for dyers use free.

f fgreat, the hundred, containing one hundred and twenty balk

- , in foreign ships

Note, All great balks, of eight inches square, and upwards, are to be rated and pay as timber.

Middle, under eight, and above five inches fijuurc, the hundred, containing izo balk

- , in foreign ships

Small, five inches and under, the hundred, containing no balks

- , in foreign ships

From Great Britain.

Britishi.

r. s. d. — 5 — ---3

- 9

-32

£ ' fi

- s

- 9

Foreign.

From other Countries.

I 13 8

- 11 7

- 6

'Barrel, the 12o boards

- , in foreign ships

Clap boards, the 120 boards

- , in foreign ships

Fipc boards, or pipe-holt, the 120 boards

4 3 1 8

- 10

- 34

7 4

1 13 8

6 4

j. d.

- S 8

- to

- 6 1

- 6

in foreign flaps

-45

- 5 6

- 11

- 4

" 3 4

1 17 10 263

- >3 4 16 10

~ 8 5

- 10 II

- III

- 64

- 610

- 2

- 3

2

Box

WOOCI;

The thirty-second Year of George III. Schedule A.

I N W A r d s.

Box wood, for combo, the housand pieces.

Brazil or Famambuco v. nod, ( v-h\c

Brazilletto or Jamaica wood, (. dule 1).

Deals, Burgendorp, the hundred, containing lix score

- , in foreign ships

containing fix fcorc

in foreign fiiins

fcorc

- , in foreign ships

Ebony wood, the hundred weight, contain-ingU2lb.

- If of Africa, and imported from

thence or from Great Britain, unmanufactured, free.

Fire wood, the fathom

—:-----, in foreign flops

FuHick,

Logwood,

Red or Guinea wood.

Speckled wood,

Mails, capravens, being boat malls of twelve inches circumference in the middle, the hundred, containing fix score

Vide schedule D.

in foreign ships -

for ships, small, the mall . " —, in foreign ships

- , middle, the mall

- in foreign ships —great, the mall

- in foreign ships

Spars, boom, the hundred, containing 120 —- —, in foreign ships

—, small, the 100, containing fix score

- , in foreign ships

—, Cant, the hundred, containing fix score

—; -, in foreign ships

Staves, viz. barrel Haves, pipe Haves, headings,-or other Haves for making calks, for every thousand, at fix score to the hundred -

Sweet wood of tire West Indies, the hun-l dred weight, containing 11 alb.

Vol. XVI.

From Great Britain. Brinlh. j Foreign.

£ ' 4. T ' j.

- 3 <5 — 3 6 1 1 —

- 8; 1 5 3

- 4*9

I — I I

- 7 3* - 7

-13;

-1,

- 6 4 -64-

- 4 11 — 4 u -

- 22 -22-

1 "3 3 1 13 3

- I — £ ___ - 1 —1 --28-

From other Countries.

1 4 6 in 6

-910

195 1 17 10

- 5

1 7

1 13 i<»

1 15 -

Wood,

49

A.D. 1792.Chap. 1.

The th'irly-feconcl Year of George III.

'Schedule A. From Great Britain.

British. foreign.

INWARDS. r. d. l\ s. il.

( Timber, the ten or load, -containing fifty

r ! Ret -19 - 19

O' ) , in foreign ships Trunncls, the thousand — I I -II-

Wuol,*of all forts, fiee.

Dagger and quartern wire, the pound > Iron wire, the hundred weight, containing 4* 81 -

ii2lb. - 5 3 -33-

And -further,- (except British or

French) for every one hundred pounds

weight - 2 12 6

O' l".ttcn wire, the hundred weight, containing H2lb. — to 6 I I

Steel wire, the pound 3i — — 8

Stralborough wire, die pound —9-

Virginal wire, the pound — 46 — s —

fCable yarn, the hundredweight, contain-

f. ing 1121b. -—i—, Came! or mohair yarn, - the pound. " 2

containing sixteen ounces 3i 3i

f the pound, ii — — i£ p

Econ :pr,>|of Turk(;itjthepollnd_— n

Grogram yarn, the [ small pound, contain-

p ing sixteen ounces 3l — — 3'J

Raw linen yam, Dutch or French, the pound — il

Seal yarn, the pound — — ~ ii

Scotch yarn, the pound, Spruce or Muscovy yarn, the hundred-wt.

containing 112lb. — 3 18 (

Woollen and bay yarn, the hundred weight. . containing ualb. - 7 —

- n

2 II 6

I 29

—9

From other Countries

' — 4

r~ 4 '-i

Note, An additional duty of six pounds per centum, to be paid on the full amount of the said duties, (except fu^ars), if imported by retailers or.consumers.

Schedule

Schedule B.

George III.

5* A.D. 179--

Cli.ip. 1.

A Schedule of the Net Duties payable on certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated, being the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, imported directly from thence into this Kingdom, in any British or Irish built Ship or Vessel, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, or in any French built Ship or Vessel wholly owned by the Subjects of his most Christian Majesty, and whereof the Matter and Three-fourths of the Mariners are also Subjects of his most-Christian Majesty; which Duties so paid are at due Exportation wholly drawn hack within Three Years after Import, except Wines, upon which the Drawbacks in Schedules C and D are allowed.

Durr.

INWARDS

s. d. 20

WINES, rTF filled and J subject to aliens duty - 36 4 10 *4

Theton con- VX'imported, J.not subject to.aliens duty - 35 044

taming 252 Ilf unfilled and subject to aliens duty - 33 14 1 4

gallons. v imported, 3 not subject to.aliens duty r 32 12 0 11 And so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

Beer, for every hundred pounds of the value thereof — 30 0 0

And so in proportion for any greater or less value.

- And upon every thirty-two gallons thereof a further duty of 0 2 6

And so 'in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

‘.Cabinet ware,.turnery, and musical instruments, for every one hundred pounds value thereof - - 10 o ©

Andfo in.proportion for any greater or less value.

Articles made of iron and Heel separately or mixed, or worked or mounted with other.Cubstances, such articles not exceeding in their value two pounds fourteen shillings and.two pence Irifil iurrency, the hundred weight, for every one hundred pounds of the value thereof - - .5 o

And so in propoTtion-for any greater or less value.

Articles made of iron and steel, separately or mixed, or worked or mounted with other, substances, and exceeding in their value 4wo poundsiourteen shillings and two pence Irish currency,

-N 2 ^Ite

The ihh ly-feconcl Year of George III.

52

A.D.

1752- Schedule B.

Chap. I.

INWARDS, the hundred weight j and all Vncklcs, buttons, knives, or seiffars, and all other articles of hardware or cutlery, and all articles nude of copper or bra fs, separately or mixed, or worked or mounted with other substances, for every one hundred pounds of the value thereof - - 10

And so in proportion for any greater or hfs value.

Manufactures of cotton, whether knit or wove, including hosiery, for every one hundred pounds of the value thereof - 12

And so in proportion for any greater or lets value.

Woollen manufactures of all forts, whether knit or wove, including hosiery, for every one hundred pounds of the value thereof 12 And so in proportion fov any greater or less value.

Cambricks, viz.

- The demi piece, not exceeding seven yards and three

quarters of a yard in length, and not exceeding seven eighths of a yard in breadth, or not being above the value of two pounds fourteen flulungs and two pence Irish currency - o

And so in proportion for any greater quantity.

- The demi piece of seven yards and three quarters in

length, exceeding seven-eighths of a yard in breadth, or being above the value of two pounds fourteen shillings and two pence Irish currency, for every one hundred pounds of the value of all such cambricks so imported in demi.pieces - - 16

And so in proportion for any greater or less value.

Lawns, viz.

- , The demi piece not exceeding seven yards and three

quarters of a yard in length, and not exceeding one yard and one quarter of a yard in breadth, or not being above the value of two pounds fourteen shillings and two pence Irish currency - o

And so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

—L—;—, The demi piece of seven yards and three quarters of a yard in length, exceeding one yard and one quarter of a yard in breadth, or being above the value of two pounds fourteen shillings and two pence Irish currency, for every one hundred pounds of the value of

all such lawns so imported in demi pieces - 10

And so in proportion for any greater or less value. Gauzes of all forts, for every one hundred pounds of the value thereof - 10

And so in proportion for any greater or less value.

-Porcelain, earthen ware, and pottery, for every one hundred pounds of the value thereof - - .12

And so in proportion for any greater or less value.

Linen,

- , Damaflc tabling, the yard - .0

- , Damalk towelling and napkining, the yard - o

Duty.

s. d. 20.

0 0

o e

0 0

5 5

o c

5 S

O -0

o 0

0 0

O 10 M$£ 0 3 I9~1t Linen,

3

The thirty-second Year of George III.

Schedule B.

5

Duty.

£. S. d. 20,

INWARD S.

J>inen,

- Diaper tabling, the yard - - o o di2‘

- , Diaper towelling arid napkining, the yard - o o 2 4J.

- , Diaper napkins, the dozen - - 0 3 3 14}

Linen, not otherwise enumerated or described, for each ell thereof 004 8-V Sail cloth, for every hundred pounds of the value thereof 1108

And so in proportion for any greater or less value Plate glass, and glass ‘ware, for every one hundred pounds of the value thereof - 12 0 o

And so in proportion for any greater or less value.

Sadlery, for every one hundred pounds of the value thereof o o

And so in proportion for any greater or less value.

MiHinary made up of muslin, lawn, cambrick or gauze of any kind, or of any other article herein before mentioned, for every one hundred pounds of the value thereof - 12 o 0

And so in proportion for any greater or less value.

If any other article, not herein before mentioned, which may be legally imported into this kingdom, shall be used in such milii-nary, duties shall be paid thereon as low as are, or may be, payable on the like articles imported from Any other foreigii ~ European nation.

Yol. XVI.

0

Schedule

CO

The thirty-second Year of George III.

Schedule G.

No. I. A Table of the Net Duties payable upon all Wines imported into this Kingdom, filled or unfilled, subject to Aliens Duty or otherwise, except Wines of France or the French Dominions in Europe.

No. II. A Table of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the due Exportation of Wines, except to the Britishi Colonies or Plantations in America or the West Indies, or the Britishi Settlements on the Coast of Africa.

No. III. A Table of the Net Duties payable on the Importation into this Kingdom of all bugars, not being of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of the British Colonies or Plantations in America or the West Indies, or of the ManuEfture of Great Britain, with the Drawbacks to be allowed on the due Exportation thereof.

Duties on Wines.

‘54

A.D.

792-Chap. 1.

For every Ton of Wine imported.

Schedule C. No. I. If not subject to Aliens Duty. If subject to Aliens Duty.

Filled. Unfilled. Filled. Unfilled.

INWARDS. Portugal and Madeira wine, Spa-nifli and Canary wine, and wine of all other the dominions of Spain £ ' d- £ ' d- £ ' £. 1. a.

22 4 8 20 14 — 23 — 2j 21 8 —

Rhenifli wine 29 7 10] 26 19 7 30 19 4i 28 Jill

All other wines, except wines of France or the French dominions in Europe 29 18 4} 1 *79—i. 3‘ >3 4* -9 - 1

Note—An additional duty of six pounds per centum to be paid on the full amount of the £id duties if imported by retailers or consumers.

Drawbacks

The thirty-second Year of George III.

55

A.D. 1792.

Drawbacks on Wines- Chap-

Drawbacks on every ton of wine exported, except to the Britishi plantations,

Schedule C. No. II. r~ Not having paid Aliens Duty. A. , Having paid Aliens Duty.

Filled. Unfilled. Filled. Unfilled.

OUTWARDS. £ ' J- £ i- £ > £ s. d.

French wine 31 10 4i 299— 31 ii 6 29 10 I

Spanish, Canary, and wines of the dominions of Spain, Portu-' gal, and Madeira wine CO r- 16 4 — 1(5 6 io£ IJ s-

All other wines 13 '9'Oj 21 12 II 239I0i 21 12 If

Duties and Drawbacks on Foreign Sugars.

Duties,

Schedule C. No. III. Except from Great Britain, From Great Britain.

INWARDS. £ ' J- £ d.

fMufcovado, the hundred weight containing

£ j H2lb. 19Si 1 7 3i

j» 1 ^'ite, *h® hundred wt. containing ii2lbs. 293i 2 S 3!:

k Refined, the hundred wt. containing ii2lbs. S 6 io\ 4 17 8i

Drawbacks.

OUTWARDS. £. s. d.

r Muscovado, the hundred weight, containing 11 libs. I 7 3i

So } White, the hundred weight, containing 112lbs. 2 S 3-S

« C Refined, the hundred weight, containing ttalbs. 4 '7 s5

0 2

Schedule

The thirl)-Jccond Year of George III.

5

A.D. 1792. Chap. 1.

Schedule D.

No. I. A Table of the Net Duties payable upon the Importation into this Kingdom of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated, being the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of the British Plantations, whether imported directly from the said Plantations or from Great Britain, and of the Drawbacks jto be allowed on the Exportation thereof from this Kingdom.

No. II. A Table of the Net Duties payable upon the Exportation of Goods, Wares and Merchandize, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of this Kingdom therein enumerated, to the British Plantations in America or die West Indies.

No. III. A Table of the Duties to be paid per Gallon on the Exportation of Foreign Spirits to the British Plantations in America, or Settlements on the Coast of Africa, over and above the Duties paid on the Importation thereof.

No. IV. A Table of the Duties payable on the Exportation from this Kingdom of Beaver and Cotton Wool, being the Growth or Produce of the British Plantations in America or the West Indies, and imported from thence.

No. V. Tables of the Drawbacks on Callicoes, Mullins, Teas, and Wines, to be allowed on the dne Exportation thereof to the British Colonies or Plantations in America or the West Indies, or die British Settlements on the Coast of Africa respectively.

Schedule D. No. I.

INWARDS.

Ashes Pot f imported with proper certificates,free.

or Pearl, i but on failure thereof, the hundred L weight

Blubber, vide oil.

Cochan eil, free.

Dutyonlmporta Dutyonlmporta-

lion from Ame- tion from Great

rica or the Wcf Britain, and

Indies. Drawback on

Exportation.

£ ' i- £ ' d-

- Si

6

Coffee,

The thlrty-second Year of George III.

Schedule D. No. I.

INWARDS.

Coffee, the pound

escife duty.

Copper ore, the hundred weight Furs, vide skins.

Groceries,

Ginger, the hundred weight, containing mlb.

Piamento, the pound

Rice, the hundred weight, 112lb. - r

containing

Gum Arabic or Gum Senega, the hundred weight Hemp and flax, free.

Hempfccd and fiaxfeed, free.

'Cow or ox hides, tanned, die pound Elk, vide lkins.

iH

piece

tanned, die pound

Indian hides, undressed the piece

Lofii hides, the pound

Raw or undressed, of fleers, cows, or othe . except horses, mares or geldings, free.

' Hops, the hundred weight

Indigo, free.

Iron, unwrought, vocat.'Pig, or Bar iron, free. Moiafles, the hundred weight

plantations, and imported in such. shipping, the ton, containing 252 gallons

of Greenland and parts adjacent, taken by any shipping belonging to -his Majesty's colonies or plantations, and imported in shipping* belonging to Great Britain at Ireland, the ton, containing 252 gallons

of Newfoundland, and like fort,- of British or' Irish {idling die ton containing 252 gallons

of Newfoundland, and like fort, taken by shipping belonging 40 any of his Majell/s colonies or plantations, and imported in -such shipping, the ton, containing 252 gallons -

of Newfoundland, and like fort, taken by shipping O belonging to any of his Majesty’s colonies or plantations, and imported in (nipping belonging to Great Britain or Ireland, the ton, containing 252 gallons

Vol. XVI. P

Dutyonlmporta tion from Amc rica or the West Indies. SDutyor.Importa-tion from Great Britain, and Drawback cn Exposition.

& ' d- ' £. rf.

6 6

7 i*r

- ,1 n — II 4»

-31 all

- 7 6i — 7 "I

-5 A

gi 8*

Si i —

—3 i IO-J — 1

‘6 8 8-J 4 10 3!

- 33 — .2 104.

- 16 8^ 13 5 vc

- 13 3* — 11 5i\

1 8 Th l S 4A

- 1-4 4i — II — i

- 10 8 t r —9'isi

57

ap. 1.

Pitch

The thirty-f and Year of George III.

A.D. 1792.Chap. 1. Schedule D. No. I. lutyonfmportn fun from Amct tic t or the \Vct< Indies. )uty on Importation from Great Britain, and Drawback on Exportation.

INWARDS. Pitch and tar, thedaft, containing 12 barrels, each bar- £ ‘ £ d.

rel not exceeding 31 I- gallons — 11 11 . — io 6.i

Rosin, the hundred weight Rum, vide spirits. — i .-8,y — i 8*

Sage powder, or vermicelli, free.

Silt raw, imported with proper certificates,'free.

f Annin or ermin Heins, undressed, the timber, con- 1

taming 40 fki|.a - - ~ —n n — IO IO

Badger Ikins, undressed, the piece 7-1V 6|

Bear Ikins, white, undressed, the piece - ’ Bear skins of any other colour, undressed, the’ II II — IO 10

piece .* Beaver skins, of the produce of his Majesty's do- - S "f — 5 S

minions in America, for every five score skins —9— i

Beaver wombs, the piece Buck or deer skins, undressed, and Buck J , ;54* —

and deer 'skins, Indian half-dressed, j* 2i — — .2£

the skin - - 3 Calabar skins, tawed, the timber, containing 40'

skins - - Calabar skins, untawed or undressed, the timber — 2 JI — 2 2

containing 40 ikins - I H.f — I 9r

rt X Calve skins, tanned, the pound 4| —

Cat skins, undressed, the hundred skins - t II II 1.0 .10

*2 1 Coney skins, the dozen - - -3 if -- si

s :Doer skins, vide buck‘skins.

s Dog fish skins, undressed, the dozen — 2 2 — i J o 'l

M Dog skins, undressed, the piece

JXIk skins, the skin Ermin, vide armin. 4r 4f

Pi flier skins, undressed, the,piece Fitches, undressed, the timber, containing 40 1 — .1

skins - 3-i'f — 3 7t

Fox skins, black, undressed, the skin i 19 7 2 14 2

Fox skins of all other forts, undressed, the skin 4f 4i

Goat skins, tanned, the dozen Goat skins, raw and undressed, free. i i 8 —

Hare fleins, undressed, the 120 Ikins — 11.44 loi

Hufle /kins, undressed, the-skin Kid skins, dressed, the hundred, containing j — 2-f L j 4

/core - Kid skins, in the hair, the hundred, containing t $ score - i 6 pi — 12 2j

I — io i — 6 9i

Lamb

3

Skins and Furs* vocat.

The thirty-feccnd Year of George III. 59

Schedule D. No. I. Duty onlmporta-iDuty onlmporta-non from Ame-j tion from Great ricaortheWtft Britain* and Indies. } Drawback on I Exportation.

INWARDS. £ < i- £ ' </

'Lamb skins, undressed, in the wool, the 120 — S Ml — 2 8f

Lamb skins, dressed in allum, the hundred) containing 5 score ... — '5 i°t - e a

Lamb skins, dressed in uil, the hundred, containing 5 score 2 3 8f I 3 si

Slink lamb skins, undrcfled, in the wool, the 120 1 Si — 1 4l

Leopard skins, undrcfled, die piece 7 5t» — 6 9i

Lion Ikins, undrcfled, the piece — 2 hi - 2 8i

Martins or matrons, undressed, the timber, containing 40 skins - - 219 7 2 14 2

Martins or matrons tails, undressed,-die 1-20 — 11 11 — IO 10

Mink tkins, tawed, the timber, containing 40 Ikins - - 1 3 10 1 1 6

Mink skins, untawed or undressed, die timber containing 40 skins — >7 i°i — i5 3

Mole Ikins, undrcfled, the dozen i{

Mooie skins, undressed, the piece — 2 iti - S 1*

Mufqualh Ikins, undressed, tie hundred Ikins — 14 i©l — *3 <*;

Otter skins, undressed, the piece - - I - 1 4i

Ounce Ikins, undrcfled, the piece - 3 — 3 41

Panther Ikins, undressed, the piece — 5 ni - S 5

Pelts of goats, drolled, the dozen — 2 II£ - 2 81

Felts of goats, undressed, the dozen - 1 5i - t 41

Telts of all other forts, undressed, the hundred — 8 iij - 8 ,i

Racoon Ikins, undressed, the hundred ikins - — 14 i°! I3 tfv

Sables, undressed, the timber, containing 40 Ikins - 8 1898 2 4

Sables tails, or tips of fable, undressed, the piece 7 A 0t

-Seal /kins, free. Sheep ikins, undressed, in the wool, the dozen ioj 9l

Sheep fleins, dressed in oil, the dozen - S '1 - Z

Sheep Ikins, otherwise dressed, the dozen - 2 8J — I 9r

Squirrel ikins, undressed, vide Calabar skins. Swan skins, undressed, the piece — — 11 tofr

Tyger Ikins, undressed, the piece — i'u{ - z 81

Weazel Ikins, undressed, the 120 — Htt to 1

' Wolf Ikins, tawed, the piece — 8u^ - 8 ii

| Wolf ikins, untawed or undressed, the piece — 6 iof — 6 2}

iWolverings, undressed, the stein — 3 9t - 3 4V

P 2 Spirits,

A.D. 1792.

Chap. 1.

(Go

T'he thirty}econd Year of George III.

' Schedule' D. No. I.

INWARDS.

Spirits, rum or other spirits, the gallon

Ami for every gallon of foreign spirits above the . quality of Angle spirits, an additional duty for such spirits, to be paid in proportion to the duties payable for single spirits, according to the . comparative degree of strength which such spirits shall bear to Tingle i'piriis of like denomination.

SMufcovado, the hundred weight, containing H2lb$. -

White, the hundred wt, containing 112lbs.

Refitted, the hundred wt. containing 11 albs.

'Sugars, not being the growth of the British plantations, or the . manufacturc of Great Britain, vide: fcltcdule C.

- Bounties on export of sugars refined in this kingdom, vide fcltcdule G.

' Tar,- vide pitch.

' Tip, unwrought, free.

Tobacco, vide schedule A.

Turpentine, the hundred weight

'Of Britishi or Irish (hiring, imported in ships’ belonging to any of his Majesty's colonies or ( ri3 plantations, the ton, containing twenty hundred

!s:^ weight

g; Of BritUli or Irish fishing, imported in dripping be-"* longing to Great Britain or Ireland, the too, containing twenty hundred. weight

'6 inches in diameter, atjd . under 8 inches, the mail

8 inches in diameter, and under 12 inches, the mast

12 inches in diameter, and upwards, the mart

Yards and bowsprits to pay as. malls

Brazil, or Fernambuco wood, the hundred wt.

Braziilctto cr Jamaica wood, the hundred-wt.

Fuflick, the hundred weight

Logwood, the hundred-weight

Nicaragua wood, the hundred weight

Red or Guinea wood, ’the hundred weight

"Wood, -not otherwise rated, the hundred-wt.

But if for. dyers life, and regularly imported, entered and landed, free.

All wood for dyers use, imported from any place whatsoever, free.

Duty onlniporta-'DutyonTmporta

tion from America or the Weft Ituiic

lien from Great Britain, ard Drawback on ExporUticu.

s.

- 3

- 16 '3

i ii j

5 -fi io-j

- SJ

2 W 7

> :9 9i

- I 2-J

- 3 7i

- .7

- '6 3l

- 3 I°TI

- io£

- ii ii

- I Ss

- 3 6A

- ' 9j

3 7i

- 16 '3 i ii -j J: 6 101

- I 1-.

I 12 6

- l6 :3

- 3

6

4rr

' Sjpai

Wool. Wood, vocat.

The thirty-second Year of George III. 6 r

Schedule D. No. I. Dutyonlmporta cion from Ame-I rica or the Well indies. }'ityrn!n.t»crta-tion f:om C*eat lhitam, ami Dray.lv.cl: on Kxp:ir;aiion.

I N W A R D S. "Sapan wood, mahogany, or other W'ood, the pro-duel of any part of America or the West: Indies, free. Wood plank, wrought timber, except masts, yards, or bow fprits, unwrought timber or lumber, the growth or product of America, or the West Indies, and imported directly from thence, or from Great Britain, free. Speckle wood, of the growth of Africa, which shall be imported from thence, for every hundred £ s- d.

weight thereof- - and if imported from Great — 4 91*

Britain - 4 Sti —

rBeaver, free.

cut, and combed, the pound l-Cotton free. «— 17 io£ —

A.D.

lir-

Clnp. i.

Schedule D. No. II.

Duty.

OUTWARDS.

£ '

d.

Allum, the hundred weighty containing H2lb.

fur, called grey rabbit fur or coney hair, the pound

Glue, the hundred weight, containing ii2lb.

Hides, calf ikins, kip ikins, tanned or tawed, and not dressed in oil, and sheep skins tanned for gloves or bafll, the hundred weight -

Hides, dressed in oil, the hundred weight

Hops, the hundred weight, containing i I2lb.

'the ton

ordnance, the hundred weight, containing nalb.

old iron, the ton -

anvils, the hundred weight, containing ii 2lb.

2|wrought, viz.—-adzes, axes, hatchets, awiour bits, knives, j locks, fowling pieces, muskets, pillols, feiflars, stirrups, all carpenters and gravers tools, jack work, clock work, and all ironmongers wares, perfectly manufactured, the hundred weight, containing nalb.

nails of all forts, the hundred weight, containing ii2lb.

i —

3*

io

6 if

1 31

z 6 6 8 i —

6 3 - 6

6

3

Kids

The thirty-second Year of George III.

Schedule D. No. II.

OUTWARDS.

Kids hair, for every 20s value thereof on oath

Lapis calaminaris, the ton

Lead, call and ur.cast the fodder, containing twenty hundred wt.

Lead ore, the ton -

Litharge of lead, the hundred weight; containing ii2lb.

Logwood free.

Parchment, the dozen -

'Calf skins, dressed in oil, the hundred weight

Black coney skins, with or without silver hairj for every /tx score ikins

12 ' Goat Ikins, tawed, the hundred, containing fix score skins

Goat ferns, tanned with C for every f,x fCOre lkiris fumack, to refembic

Spanish leather, £ for every pound weight

ti

V

JZ

CO

"the hundred, containing fix score

tawed, and not tanned or dressed in oil, the hundred weight

tanned for gloves or b'afil, the hundred weight

Ldressed in oil, the hundred weight

f tawed, and not tanned or dressed in oil, the hundred weight

tanned for roans, and not dressed in oil, the hundred weight

dressed in oil, the hundred weight

Pelts, the hundred containing live score

All pieces or parts of ikins, tawed or tanned, and not dressed in oil, for every 20s. value thereof on oath

All pieces or parts of Act ns, dressed in oil, for every 20$. va~ lac thereof on oath

And besides, the hundred weight

r Hard, the hundred weight, containing nHb.

n t the barrel -

C new the dozen

old the dozen

Woollen cloth, white, called broad cloth, the piece

And also the several goods and merchandizes enumerated in Schedule F. (and not in this sch edule 1). No* II.) afe to pay‘duty ic-spectively as therein mentioned.

Duty.

Wool cards, \ v

£ ' — 2 2

- 2 — -----2f

- i ni l 8_t

- 2 10$ i i 8

- 10 —

- 4i

- 2 8«

- 4 2t

Sf

- 10 ii

- 5 3i

1 Oi " 2 i 3 7t

2 — 6 2 j — 6

~ 6 - 31 - s «i

Schedule

The thirty-second Year of George III. 63

Schedule D. No. Ill,

Dutt.

OUTWARDS.

£. /. i.

A.D. 1792.Chap. 1.

For every gallon of single rum or spirits of the produce of the British colonies or plantations

For every gallon of single brandy, or general or foreign rum

For every gallon of cordial water, Itrong water, or other spirits. Angle -

For every gallon of rum or spirits, of the British colonies or plantations, above proof, so much in addition to the duties paid on import as will amount in the whole to -

For every gallon of brandy, genera or foreign rum above proof, so much in addition to the duties paid on import as will amount in the whole to

For every gallon of cordial water, Itrong water, or other spirits above proof, so much in addition to the duties paid on import as will amount in the whole to

- loji

- jfh

- 8,y

7 2t

8 roj

9—t

Schedule D. No. IV.

OUTWARDS.

£ A-

Cotton wool, Of the growth or produce of America or the West Indies exported from this kingdom in any other than British or Irish shipping, navigated according to law, for every tool, of the value thereof - 5 19 2

And so in proportion for any greater or less value.

Beaver wool or wombs imported from the British colonies or plan-, tations in America exported from this kingdom, for every five score pounds weight thereof - p6}

And so in proportion for any greater or less quantity,

Schedule

64

The thirty-second Year of George III.

A.D.

'792- Schedule D. No. V.

Chap. i.

DRAWBACKS.

£ '

"The whole duties paid on importation of callicoes and muf-)jns to be drawn back on due export to any Britishi settle* ment on the coast of Africa, within three years after import thereof

But if exported without being printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain, there shall be paid ovrr and above the import duties for every tool, value thereof

c

o

According to the gross price at which such goods shall have been publickly sold at the haft India company’s Tales, and so in proportion for any greater or less value.

If exported to any Britishi plantation in America or the West Indies, without being printed as aforesaid, so much of the import duties shall be retained upon every iccl. value thereof as shall amount to -

Accordingto the gross price ascertained as aforesaid, and so in proportion for any greater or less value.

But if painted as aforesaid, and exported to the Britishi plantations in America or the West Indies as aforesaid, so much of tlx import duties shall Jbe retained upon every tool, value thereof as shall amount to

According to the gross price ascertained as aforesaid, and so in proportion for any greater or less value.

2 3 4

2 ip 7

5 2 U

The whole duty paid on importation of teas shall be drawn back on due exportation to any Britishi colony or plantation in America or the West Indies, within three years after importation thereof.

If exported to any Britishi settlement on the coast of Africa, so much of the import duties flinll be retained upon every 100l. value thereof as shall amount to

According to the gross price at which such teas shall have been publickly sold at the Ealt-India company’s falcs, and so in proportion for any greater or less value.

If the duties paid on the import of such teas do not amount to 13l. jos. jod. for every such 100l. value, the exporter shall pay a duty, which with the duties paid on import shall amount to the said sum of 13l. 10s. lod. for every such xool. value

13 to 10

6

Schedule

The thirty-second Year of George III.

Schedule D. No. V.

Drawbacks on every Tun of Wine exported to the British Colonies or Plantations in America or the West Indies.

Having been imported in Britishi or Irish Shipping. Having been imported in Foreign Shipping.

Filled. Unfilled. Filled. Unfilled.

OUTWARDS. £ 10 H t i 1 s? . £ ' "i> 1 - ' ! J3

French Wine 31 4 6 4 23 i6 2 12 27 18 — 4 25 7 3 4

Rhenifii, Germany or Hun-gary wine - 25 12 — Mf 23 39Sfr 22 II 6 14* 20 I I g>r

Portugal or Madeira Wine, Spanish and Canary wine, and all other Trines of the dominions of Spain 19 4 I (S‘ i 3 S 6s 179r5 1696f

All other wines 27 .7 10 i/Tj 24 18 6 —if 1 26 2 2 I,7, 2393 >9T*r

65

A.D. 1792. Chap. 1.

R

Drawbacks

>66

The thirty-second Year of George III.

A.D.

Drawbacks on every Tun of Wine exported to the British Settlements on the Caaft of Africa.

Having been imported in British or Irish Shipping. Having been imported in foreign Shipping.

Filled. Unfilled. Filled. Unfilled.

OUTWARDS. Cs S- d. T5 £ d- w £ > d- 20 £ s- d-

french Wine Hhenish, Germany or Uun- 16 13 7 14 14 J 4 2 13 7 1 14 10 id 4 14

gary wine - Portugal and MadeiraWine, Spanish and Canary wine, and all other wine of the dominions of 11 1 2 4f 8 12 10 ijj* 8 1 §4^ j 10 2 I9,'r

Spain 0 1 896 (5‘ 8 j 1_6 1 la

other wines 17 13 II I.v '5 4 6 16 8 3 iT’7 '3 >J 4 X9%

Schedule

The thirty-second Year of George III.

Schedule E.

67

A T able of the Duties payable upon the Importation into this Kingdom of all such Goods, Wares :and Merchandizes, as are not particularly enumerated or described, or otherw-ife charged with Duty in the preceding Schedules A.B. C, and D, and not by any Law prohibited to be imported into ;this Kingdom or exempted from Duty.

Schedule E.

All apparel, artificial flowers, millinery wares, fans, chip hats, wrought ivory, prints and pictures, furs, all gilt, painted, bronzed and enamelled-wares, threads, haberdashery; hardware, toys, laces of thread, cotton, worlted or silk, pickles and groceries of ail kinds, except sugars, orange juice, not being for dyers use, tape, foreign linens, and atl .-manufactures of flax and hemp, excepting articles being of the growth, produce or manufacture of France or the French dominions in Europe, imported as specified in the title to schedule B, for every hundred pounds value by declaration

And for every square yard of foreign linen a further duty per yard of

-AH caUicoes plain, and muslins worked or figured, but not printed or stained, not be* ing of the manufacture of France or of the French dominions in Europe, imported as specified in the title to schedule B, for every hundred pounds value by declaration

And for every square yard thereof a further duty per yard of

-All muslins, -being worked or figured, but not printed or flamed, romals and all other stuffs or manufactures of cotton, or of cotton and linen mixed, whether plain, printed or flaiued, except of chc manufacture of Great Britain, France or the French dominions in Europe, imported as specified in the title to schedule JB, for every hundred pounds value by declaration

And for every square yard thereof a further du< ty per yard of

All china, earthen, japanned or lacquered ware, and all drugs, except for dyers use, for every hundred pounds value by dedara-

From Great Britain, i From

( Foreign British. Foreign. Countries.

22 15 —

- 6i

IS 15 —

10 10 *— 12 5 —.

z6

S — 28-----

Schedule

;68 The thirty-fcccnd Year of George ILL

A.D.

Schedule ;E. From Great Britain. British. Foreign. From Foreign Cc untries.

All dice Imported, for every hundred pounds \ value by declaration ... Q. s. d. to to — 1 - 1 -bk £ i- 21 I.J —

And for every pair thereof a further duty of — 53 — S3 — S3

Ail foreign glass, except of the manufacture of France or the French dominions in Fu-rope, imported as specifad in the title to schedule B, for every hundred pounds valu'i by declaration - So — — 6o -

rrovisions of all fotts, not being groceries, in xluding peas, potatoes, fcc. for every hull-tired pounds value by declaration 5 S ~ 5 5 —

Paper of all kinds, for every hundred pounds v value by declaration 10 io — lO 10 11 s —

Anil for every ream thereof, not of the manu* failure of Great Britain, a further duty of

- ll I — I I

Plate of gold and silver, for every hundred

pounds value by declaration 10 10 — 10 10 12 5 —

And for every ounce troy weight, of gold or silver plate imported, a further duty per ounce of -61 6f. -- 6i

All other goods, wares and merchandizes whatever, not being particularly enumerated or described,or otherwise charged with a duty, for every hundred pounds of the value thereof by declaration ' - to 10 — 10 10 — ‘2 5 —'

'Schedule

The thirty-second Year of George III.

69 A.D.

Schedule F.

A Schedule of the Net Duties payable 011 the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated, being of the Growth, Product or Manufacture of this Kingdom.

Duty.

OUTWARDS.

Allies of Irish wood, the last, containing twelve barrels - of all other forts, for every 20s. value'on oath

Bacon, the "flitch v.

- not in flitches, for every 2 as. value on oath

f the barrel -

& C the carcase

Bones vocat, ox bones, the thousand

- not manufactured, for every 20s. value on oath

Butter, good or bad, the hundred weight, containing 112lbs.

£ ' '! I — I

- 6

Calves valves, for every 20s. value on oath

'Calve fleins, the dozen, undressed or dressed, not exceeding thirty- , six pounds weight

-Calve fleins, the dozen, exceeding thirty-six pounds weight, for every 20s. value on oath - - j

Cheese, the hundred weight, containing it alb.

Coney hair or wool, black or white, the pound

Tur called rabbits fur, grey the pound -

Furriers waste, for every 203. value on oath

Geldings or nags, vide horses.

Graves, or greale, the hundred weight Cuts vocat, ox guts, the barrel -

- of other animals, for the value of every 20s. on oath

Hams, for every 203. value on oath -

Hearts and skins, for every 20s. value on oath

f Harts hair, the hundred weight, containing ri2lb. g J Horse hair, the hundred weight, containing 112lb.

' X <{ Human hair, for every 20s. value on oath ' -jj j Kids hair, the hundred weight, containing H2lb.

10 x or cow hair, the hundred weight, containing mlb.

Hartlhorn, the hundred weight, containing 112IK.

Hemp feed, the quarter, containing eight bushels

( Raw and untanned, the hide, into Great Britain

Hides. )

the hide Vol. XVI,

Raw and untanned, to ar.y place except Great Britain,

I

/t

I —

6

t /<

2f

I*

1 --

7 h

6 —

" 7l

2 —

1 6

2 —

- 3*

IlogS,

The thirty-second Year of George III. Schedule F.

OUTWARDS.

Hogs, alive, the piece

- lard, the hundred weight -

fCf bucks, the hundred -

j Goats horns, the hundred weight, containing nalb.

-" ] Ox horns, the thousand

° 1

j Of rams, the thousand

Of fhcep, the thousand

Stags horns, the hundred Tips of horns, the thousand_Horn (havings, for the value of every 20s. on oath

/-Stone horses, geldings or nags, into England or ' Horses vocat J Scotland, or any ^nglish plantation, the piece J----- - into foreign

L n:n

Duty.

parts the piece Horses hoofs, for the value of every 20s. on oath

Linen X^01^ ^axen or hempen, free.

'Ksgs, or (hreds, the ton Linfced, or (laxfccd the quarter, containing eight bushels

; Manures, vide soap, boiler’s waste.

Oxen, cows or fleers, the head Cyders, the small barrel, in pickle

’Pigs heads, for every 20s. value on oath Pork the barrel -

Provisions of all forts, not herein enumerated ordeferibed, for every cos. value on oath

Rape cakes, the thousand

-—:-----, and further as manure, for every ton thecof

Rape-feed, the quarter,-containing eight bulhcls

Sheep, the score, alive, into England . flhtdger-(kins, the piece

Cat skins, the hundred Calf lkins, vide calve lkins. j Dev skins, the piece

| Dog skins, the dozen -

5 j Fox (bins, the piece

~ Goat lkins, the hundred, containing fix fccre

g; fhre skins, the piece

Kid thins, cirefled or undressed, the hundred, containing fix (cure -

Kips and runners, for every 20s. value on oath

Lamb lkins, dr iicd or undressed, the hundred, containing fix

lCivi" e

£. s. i.

- 6

- 2 <5

~ > .7* - -9

3 , S —

I —

1 6

- 6

- 10 — 6

- 2 6 j

- j

- rf

- 10

NcUy

The thirty-second Year of George III.

Schedule F.

Duty.

OUTWARDS.

jVVf, lamb /kins, and wool of lamb skins, may be separately exported to Great Britain, and no lamb skins, whether fink or jlaughtertd, from which the wool Jlsall not have been taken of, Jin!/ !e e.\pa‘ted from this kingdom, to any place whatficvsr, under penalty of tnefu fciture thereof.

f Marteon Heins, the piece

raw, the piece

5

of Otter, tawed the piece -

Wombs, the mantle

fBlack, with filler hair or without, the hundred, con-

g|taming one hundred and twenty

§|f seasoned, the hundred, containing fix score

5 < Grey,"I Stag, the hundred, containing fix score

J j Tawed, the hundred, containing fix score

*n Tawed, or dyed -into colours, the hundred, containing L one hundred and twenty

Sheep skins, tawed with the wool on, the hundred, contain-taing fix score

f*eks, drest or undreft, without the wool, the hundred, containing fix score -

Sheep skins with the wool, the hundred, containing fix score

Squirrel skins, the thousand

Stag skins, the piece

Sw*n skins, the piece ——

Wolf skins, the piece -

[-----, tawed-the piece -

Slugs of horns, for every 20s. value on oath

Soap boilei’s waste and all other manure, (except lime) the ton

Tallow, the hundredweight, containing Ii2ib,

Tanners waste, for every 2cs. value on oath

Tongues, called neats tongues, the dozen -

Tripos, for every cos. value on oath

Tin unwrought, the hundred weight containing.I I2lb.

Wax, the hundredweight, containing U2lb.

Weld, the hundredweight, containing 11alb. t? f the ton

It*

f Nets, the hundred, containing five score Yarn,

HUMUiUl JIUUIlUJ >Yki£IH, t

for every pack of flatutable linen yarrf, containin'; four hundred pounds weight, at fi.c score to the hune.cJ

2 6 — 6

- >t — 2 -----3l

- io —

- t. 6

- 3'.

i —

- 7 4 4 —

- 1 3

io —

_6

Schedule

f n

The ihlrl'j-second Year of George III.

72

A.D.

T792.

'lap. I.

Schedule G.

A Schedule of Bounties and Allowances for encouraging certain Manufactures of this Kingdom, to be paid on due Exportation thereof, according to - the Conditions and Regulations therein mentioned.

Schedule G.

Bounty.

OUTWARDS.

"iu’exoc ffor every yard under the value of 5c!. which " J shall be exported from this kingdom to

Africa. America, Spain, Portugal, Gibraltar or Minorca

For every yard of the value of yd. and ander the value of 6lci. which shall be exported to any of the places aforesaid

For every yard of the value of 6’d. and not exceeding is. 7Jd. in value which fiuil be exported to any of the places afore-f.iid -

>, *C

a - 2 k " 5 5 j- j For every yard of chequed or flriped linen of

® i'- % S; 2 rl 5 C* J the value of yd. and not exceeding is. yfd.

= &— -c. u ~ in value which shall be exported to any of the uhiccs aforesaid

Ail manufactures of diapers, huckabacks, (heelings, or linens., upwards of one yard in breadth, and not exceeding is. yfd. the fqnarc yard, which shall be exported to any of the places aforesaid for every square yard thereof And so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

Note—kernings and all fabricks made of linen or hempeu yarn only to be deemed and considered as linen.

Where any of the aforesaid linens shall not be of the breadth of twenty-live inches they shall be entitled to and receive the bounty after the rates aforesaid, deeming every nine hundred square inches equal to one yard of twenty-five inches breadth or upwards.

The value of all such linens, c.illiroes and cottons, if printed, panned, stained, ttamped or dyed, or of such colons mixed wish linen, whereupon they ere to be respectivoiy entitled to the bounties? aforesaid *, to be eccnicd their value w.»cn in a plain date, and excluli. «cof such-painting, flaming, (tamping or dying.

rA!l manufacturers of sail cloth or canvas fit' for or made into iuii-:, which dull he export! to any place, except ('rent Britain, France or the French dominions in Fmope, fn,- every three ells thereof -

And so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

/. i.

O O C;

Ooi

O O 1-f

0 O of

0 0 if

4

Ribbons

The shirty-feccnd Year of George III.

Schedule G.

u

OUTWARDS.

rt-d

a

("Ribbons and stuffs made of silk only, for every pound weight avoirdupois

Silks and ribbons made of silk mixed with gold or silver, for every pound weight avoirdupois

Silk stockings, gloves, fringes and laces, and ditching or sewing silk, for every pound weight avoirdupois

Stuffs made of silk and grogram yarn, mixed, for every pound weight avoirdupois -

5 M

Stuffs made of silk and worsted, mixed, for every pound weight avoirdupois -

Stuffs made of silk mixed with inkle or cotton, the pound L weight -

s-,

c

"For every hundred weight of sugar containing one hundred and twelve futtle pounds, refined, in this kingdom, and exported to any place -

Such sugars to be exported in the loaf complete and whole, being net, that is to say, of one uniform whiteness throughout, and which shall have gone through the operation of two or more clays since it was last in the pan, and thoroughly and properly dried in the stove.

V3

For every hundred weight, containing one hundred and"] twelve futtle pounds of refined sugar called bastard, ami I of alt ground, powdered refined sugar, and all refined [ loaf sugar broken in pieces,

The said sugar having been twice clayed and pro- I perly dried. 1"

For every hundred weight of refined sugar called candy, containing one hundred and tweive futtle pounds, properly refined and manufactured, and freed from dirt and feum

Bounty.

A.D. 1792.

Chap. r.

f.

0 3 ®

0 4 ®

O 1 3

008. 0 0 6 0 1 0

1 8 2

Refined sugars called lumps, being in loaves, having gone through the operation of three clays, and properly dried although wanting the {mall ends or tips, shall be deemed complete.

VffL, XVf.

T

Schedule

The thirtj-second Year of George III.

74

A.D.

ob^.' Schedule H.

A Schedule of Inland Duties of Excise for and iipou the several Articles therein mentioned.

INLAND DUTIES.

BEER,

)Fcr and upon every’thirty-two gallons of beer or ale brewed within this kingdom by any common brewer, or in his vessels, or by any other person who doth or shall fell or tap out any beer or ale publickly or privately, to be paid by the common brewer, or by such other person or persons respectively as shall brew, fell, or tap out the same.

If above the price of six shillings the barrel, - - 026

If the price of six shillings the barrel or under - - 0 09

And so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

CARDS and DICE.

For and upon every pack of printed, painted, or playing cards, made,

manufactured, or vended in this kingdom - o r 0

’For and upon every pair of dice, made, manufactured or vended in this kingdom - -.050

COACHES and CHAISES.

l or and upon every coach, chariot, berlin, calafli or chaise with four

wheels, which any person shall have in his or her possession 400

For and upon every chaise with two wheels which any person shall

keep in his or her poflession - o 15 ®

Stage coaches, hackney coaches and chaises, and coaches, chaises and other carriages kept by the maker for sale, and cabriolets and garden chairs, excepted.

COFFEE.

For and upon every pound weight of coffee which shall be consumed . in this kingdom, to be paid by the person or persons buying the fame from the importer thereof - - 0 0 5

LICENSES.

For and upon every license to any person to manufacture tobacco in any manner, or to deal in unmanufactured tobacco, except as a wholesale importer only, or a wholesale merchant only - - 12 o e

For and upon every license to any person to deal in unmanufactured tobacco as a wholesale merchant, not being the importer thereof I 0 0 For ami upon every license to any person to fell by retail, or otherwise deal in coffee, in any city or town corporate, except importers thereof, or persons licensed to fell tea or groceries - - I -0 0

For and upon every license to any person to fell by retail, or otherwise deal in coffee, in any part not being a city or town corporate, except as aforesaid

I

0 10 0

F or

The thirtj-feconcl Year of George III.

Schedule H.

INLAND DUTIES.

LICENSES.

/. s. d.

For and upon every license to any person to manufacture candles or soap for file - . - roo

For and upon every license to any pevfon to fell or nunuft»£lure paper hangings for sale - ioo

For and upon every license to any person in any city or town corporate to fell tea or groceries by retail - loo

For and upon every license to any person in any part of this kingdom,

not being a city or town corporate, to fell tea or groceries by retail o io o For and upon every license to any person to fell or tap out cider by retail - ~ - too

For and upon every license to any person to fell or make any gold or

silver plate for sale - ioo

For and upon every license to any person to keep a tan-yard or tan-pit, or tan leather for sale - ioo

For and upon every license to any fa£lor or person not being a distiller or licensed as a retailer, felling home-made spirits - 2 o o

For and upon every license-to any person to keep any coflee-house 200 For and upon every license to any liawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or other trading person going from place to place, and travelling either on foot or with horse or other bcaft of burthen, or otherwise carrying to fell or exposing to sale any goods, wares or merchatulifes; also to travelling tinkers and callers of iron and metal, and to personc hawking about tea or coffee for sale - 200

-And a further duty for every horse, afs, mule or other bead bearing or drawing burthen which such person shall so travel with or cause to be used for the purpose of carrying or drawing his, her or their goods, wares or merchandffes - - -200

For every person hawking about trees, shrubs and plants for sale within the city of Dublin or within five miles thereof - -200

For every person felling or exposing to sale within the said dry, or five miles thereof, in any Hand, flail, flied, booth or other place, not being a part of, or in his or her dwelling, any new or old books, maps, prints, pamphlets, charts or drawings - - 200

For every person felling or exposing to sale within the said city, or five miles thereof, any glass bottles, not being the maker or importer thereof, and not felling wines, spirits, beer or ale - 200

For every person who shall sell or expose to sale within the said city, or five miles thereof, old clothes in r.r.y flail, flied, booth, shop or other place - 2 o o

For every person carrying on the business of a pawnbroker within the said city, or five miles thereof - - 10 o o

K A L T.

For and upon every barrel of malt, ground or unground, which shall be made in this kingdom of barley, or cf any other corn or grain, whether the same shall be or not be for file - 026

And so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

75

A.D. 1792.

Chap. 1.

? L A T E,

thirtj-second Year of George III. Schedule H.

INLAND DUTIES.

PLATE, wrought.

£. ii.

Tor and upon every ounce troy weight of gold or silver plate, which shall be wrought, made or manufactured. in this kingdom - o 0 (5 And so in proportion for any greater or less weight.

Salaries, Profits of Employments, Fees and Pensions.

For and out of every twenty shillings sterling, which any person having at any time between the^th day of March 1792, and the 25th day of‘March 1793 inclusive, any salary, -profits of employment, fees or pension in this kingdom, unless such person do and shall live and

actually reside within this kingdom for and during the space of fix

calendar months at least between the said time, the sum of 040

Except salaries, pensions, fees or profits of employments payable to any of the defendants of his Majesty's royal grandfather, and to the

lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, and to lus or their principal secretary of state, and to the duke of Brunswick, prince Ferdinand, the duke and dutchess of Athol, the representative or representatives of the late Edward lord baron Hawke of the kingdom of Great Britain, and to George Charles, esq.-if his Majesty shall think fit by his sign manual to exempt them or any of them from the payment of the fame, and except to the officers of the army, so far as respects the pay arising from their regimental commissions, the half-pay officers on the cfUblishment of this kingdom, and the widows of officers.

SPIRITS.

For and upon every gallon of aqua vine, strong waters, or spirits made or dUUlled within this kingdom for falc, to be paid by the first maker ordiitiiler thereof - - . 0 I 2

For and upon every gallon of spirits, made or distilled from molasses within this kingdom for sale, to be paid by the first maker or distiller thereof - 017

Tor every person selling spirits by retail within the city of Dublin, or

five miles thereof, over and above all duties whatever - o 10 0

T,0 B AC CO.

Tor and upon every pound weight of tobacco which shall be manufactured in this kingdom in any manner, to be paid by the person manufacturing the fame, or taking any part thereof out of the original package, and to be paid for every pound weight contained in such package at tire.time when the same shall be opened - o .0

3

=C H AT.

The thirty-second Year of George III.

CHAP. II.

An Act for securing the Payment of the Annuities, and of the Iniereft upon the Principal Sums therein provided for, and towards the Discharge of such Principal Sums in such Manner as therein is directed, and for enabling the Officers of His Majestys Treasury to receive certain Sums for a limited Time in Manner therein mentioned, and for other Purposes.

WHEREAS by an act of parliament made and passed Rcc;ta|3t in the thirty-first year of his Majesty's reign, en- Ctu.3. c. t. titled. An act for granting for one year the several duties therein mentioned, in lieu of all other duties payable upon the articles therein specifed during the said Term, and for continuing the Efficf of a- Treaty of Commerce and Navigation between his Majesty and the most Chrifian King, and for regulating' the trade between this Kingdom and his Majesty's Colonies, and for other purposes therein mentioned, several aids and additional Duties were granted to' his Majest’y, his heirs and successors, from' the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thriufand seven hund'red: and ninety-one, to the twenty-fiFtli Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two inclusive, to pay an interest- for the several sums mentioned in an act passed in’, the said thirty-first year' of his Majesty's reign, entitled', An act for securing the payment' of the annuities, and!of the interef upon, the principal sums therein provided for, and towards the discharge of such principal sums in such manner as therein is direffed, and for enabling the Officers of his Majes-tj's Treasury to- receive certain sums for a limited! time in manner therein' mentioned, and for other purposes, or so much thereof as 'ffiouid remain unpaid on the twenty-fifth day of March', one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, to the person or persons who lent the fame, his, her, or their ex--ecutors, administrators, or assigns, at the respective rates therein particularly mentioned, to commence from the said twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, without any fee- or charge, and free from all dedufiions whatsoever, until such times as they should be respectively paid their principal money at'one entire payment, and alfo1 to pay the several annuities and charges therein mentioned.

U

1. And

7 8 The thirty-second Year of George III.

P II. And whereas in pursuance of an act passed in the 1792. twenty-ninth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An ail Ciiap. 2. for the promotion and encouragement of inland navigation, several further sums over and above the sums mentioned in the g-3 c-33- said last mentioned act, have been raised, for which Aims debentures bearing an in tore ft at the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, have been issued, that is to say, five thousand seven hundred pounds, for which debentures bearing such interest as aforesaid, from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one six thousand four hundred pounds, for which debentures bearing such interest as aforesaid, from the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one; - two thousand two hundred pounds, for which debentures bearing such interest as aforesaid, from the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and ninety one; and ten thousand seven hundred pounds for which debentures bearing such interest as aforesaid, from the twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, making in the whole twenty-five thousand pounds, have been issued, and which are stili outstanding and unpaid; and whereas in and by the said second recited act, it is recited, that the treasury bills which had theretofore issued for the Sum of one hundred thousand pounds, raised pursuant to a power in an act passed in the twenty-seventh year Recital 27 of his Majesty's reign, entitled. An act for granting to his 2' Majesty the several aids, duties, rates, impoflionf, and taxes therein particularly expressed, to be applied to the payment of the interest of the sums therein provided for, and towards discharge of the said principal Anns, in such manner as therein is directed, and for such other purpofss as are therein mentioned, were, if not paid off on or before the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, to be received, taken, and be current to any receiver or collector in this kingdom, of the customs, excise, or any revenue, aid or tax in this kingdom, for or in satisfaction of any custom, excise, revenue, aid or tax thereafter to become due, or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, and to be taken, pass, and be current at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, from every such receiver or collector, for and in respect of the customs, excise, or any revenue, aid, or tax by him collected and received on 6 or

The thirtysecond Year of George III. 79

or after the said day: and whereas by virtue of certain other A.D. powers in the said second receited act contained, a sum of one ' 792-

hundred thousand pounds was nifed, and paid into his Majesty's treasury, for replacing the aforesaid sum of one hundred thousand pounds, so due by the aforesaid treasury bills, which were paid off and discharged on the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and new treasury bills to the amount of one hundred thousand pounds, bearing an interest at the rate of two pence half-penny by the day, for each one hundred pounds, from the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven bundled and ninety-one, have been issued to the persons who paid in the said sum, which treasury bills are still outstanding and unpaid, and are to pass current to any receiver or collector in this kingdom, on or after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight: and Duties whereas the aids and duties granted to his Majesty in and by the said first receited act; and appropriated to pav and dif-

_. ._. ._r ' pay sums bor-

charge Ine several principal turns in the said second recited rowed under aft, and herein before mentioned, and the interest of the rtuI'J Afl-fame respectively, and the several annuities therein also mentioned, have not proved sufficient for such purpose: and pro,n<,it<, whereas it is necessary to provide for the payment of the fe-- veral prinyipal sums at any time or times heretofore borrow- 25,h ed upon, or secured by debentures or treasury bills which !k«W* ft)all remain unpaid on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, together with the interest thereof; and also to provide for the payment of the several life annuities heretofore granted upon the respective sums of two hundred and sixty-five thousand pounds, one hundred and seventy-five thousand pounds, and three hundred thousand pounds; and also to provide for the payment of one anpuity, or yearly fun of twenty-four thousand pounds, being a sum equal to the amount of the whole interest payable upon debentures, subscribed and cancelled, pursuant to an act passed in the twenty-first and twenty-fe-cond years of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for ejia- Rectal 21 & blishing a bank, by the name of the governor and company of the bank of Ireland; and also to provide for the payment of the banl:’ annuities granted in pursuance of an adi, paised in the twenty-fifth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty the several aids, duties, rates, im-U 2 poftions.

8o

A.D.

The thirty-second Year of George III.

1792.

Cliai;

Turns borrow-

popt inn, and taxes, therein particularly expressed, to he applied to the payment of the interest of the fnms therein provided for, and tovsards discharge of the said principal sums in such manner as therein is directed, and for such purposes as are therein mentioned, for effectuating the raising of the sum' of two hundred thousand pounds, in the said i act mentioned', and also. lo provide for the payment of the said sum of twenty-five thousand pounds, raised upon debentures, in pursuance of the said act, passed- in the twenty-ninth year of his Majesty's reign, and interest upon the fame, at the rate of four pounds' per centum per annum; be it therefore enacted by the King’s mod-excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords, spirituah and temporal-; and commons in this prefen.t parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That for the feveraf principal! hydekmurts ^u;ns borrowed, in pursuance. of the said; act. passed in the at per cent, twenty-ninth year of his Majesty.’s 'reign;, -upon, or secured' by debentures, bearing: an. interesti at the rate of four pounds-ondilicfsve- per centum per annum, and; for the -several-: principal sums-ra! sums at jierctGfore borrowed -upon, or secured; by. debentures, bearing an.interest at- the rate of three- pounds ten- shillings per centum per annum, which (ha’ll- remain.unpaid on the twenty-fifth-day of March, one thousand: {even, li-undied and ninety.-two, there (tali' be -paid- at the receipt of Tlis Majesty's -exchequer, by the'hands of the v.iGe treasurer. or vice 'trca-furers, paymaster, or receiver general, his- or- their deputy-or -deputies, at the -end of every- fix- calendar months, lobe computed, from, the twenty-fifth: day.-of March, one ffaou-sand- seven hundred and; ninety-two, to the person or persons. who paid or lent;, or became entitled: to- the fame re-fpcdiivciy, his, her, or their, -executors, administhitors, or ,at 4 percent, assigns, an interest at the rate-of.'four pounds per centum per" -.and at per annum, and three pounds ten shillings per centum per annum deduction. respectively, according to the tenor-of such debentures re-Tpcdiively, -without any- fee or charge, and free from, all de--dudlicns'whatsoever, -until- such time as they shall be respectively -paid their principal money at one entire payment.

III. And -be-it further enacted, That the said several life annuities, heretofore granted to the several AtbfcribeTS, who advanced and paid the said ihree several sums of two hundred and sixty-five thousand pounds, one hundred and fe-venty-five th.oufand pounds, rad: three hundred, thousand -4 pounds

3i percent, unpaid, 25th: Match, 1792,

interest to be paid by vice treasurer every 6 nnonth?,

Life annuities hcriH'fore pi-iiited 10 (ubfciihct* ns IkTct’n, to te rcrnlai!)*

The thirty-second Year of George III.

pounds into his Majesty's treasury, shall and may be regularly paid to the persons thereunto respectively entitled, as the same shall become due, according to the true intent and meaning of the several acts heretofore made concerning the same respectively.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the aforesaid annuity or yearly sum of twenty-four thousand pounds, shall and may be regularly paid to the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, as the same shall become due, according to the true intent and meaning of the said act, entitled, An act for establishing a bank by the name of the governor and company of the bank of Ireland.

V. And be it further enacted, That the several annuities granted in pursuance of the said act, passed in the twenty-fifth year of his Majesty's reign, be regularly paid to the persons thereunto respectively entitled, as the same shall become due, according to the true intent and meaning of the said act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That for the principal sums at any time heretofore borrowed upon or secured by treasury bills, now outstanding and unpaid, and which are not yet current to any receiver or collector of any revenue, aid, or tax in this kingdom, bearing an interest at the rate of two pence halfpenny by the day for each one hundred pounds, and which shall remain unpaid on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, shall be paid at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, by the hands of the vice treasurer or vice treasurers, his or their deputy or deputies, from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, to the person or persons having paid the fame respectively, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, an interest after the rate of two pence halfpenny by the day for every one hundred pounds, according to the tenor of such treasury bills respectively, without any fee or charge, and free front all dedudions whatsoever, until they shall be respectively paid their principal money at one entire payment.

VII. And whereas the treasury bills which have been issued for the sum of one hundred thousand pounds, raised pursuant to a power in an act passed in the twenty-eighth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty the several aids,' duties, rates, impositions, and

Vol. XVI. X taxes,

24.0001 ti> ho p.iul rojtu-to hank of Ireland, as by act, f.»r Wtah'ifhini* bdltL

Annuities

granted by zy C«n 3. to he

ngulaify

juid.

2 Id per day fu. each loo). 011 treasury hills not yet current to any icceiver, Sic.

Treasury hills for 100,000l. purfunnt to

28 Geo. 3. if not paid off 2+ June 1795, to he current to receiver,

82

chief governor niiiy cull in fnid (tea* fury lu.Is after

£4 June 1792.

To replace faiil 100,000’. it may K iie-ceflaryto raise ‘fame.

by debentures nl per cent, or by treasury bill* at 2jil. per day for every icol.

or partly by «acb

The tlnrtj-fecov.d Year of George III.

taxes, therein particularly expressed, to be applied to the payment of the interest of the principal Jams therein provided for, and towards the discharge of the said principal Jams, in such manner as therein is directed, and for such other purposes as are therein mentioned, are, if not paid off, on or before the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, to be received, taken, and be current to any receiver or collector in this kingdom, of the customs, excise, or any revenue, aid or tax in this kingdom, for or in satisfaction of any custom, excise, revenue, aid or tax then due, or thereafter to become due, cr payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and to be taken, pass, and be current at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, from every such receiver or collector, for or in respect of the customs, excise, or any revenue, aid oi tax by him collected or received, on or after the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two: and whereas in order to provide for the payment of the said last mentioned treasury bills heretofore issued, or to replace such sums as shall be paid or allowed out of his Majesty's revenue in discharge of the fame, it will be necessary to make some further provili-on touching the fame; be it therefore enacted, that as to all such treasury bills so issued for the said sum of one hundred thousand pounds, which are so made current, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, it shall and may be lawful for the lord, lieutenant, or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being, at any time or limes, from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, to call in, and pay off, and discharge the fame, or such part thereof as shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied, on the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two.

VIII. And whereas in order to replace the said sum of one hundred thousand pounds, it may be expedient to raise the fame by the ways herein after mentioned, that is to say, on loan by debentures, to carry an interest not exceeding the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, or by treasury mis, to carry an interest not exceeding the rate of two pence halfpenny by the day, for each one hundred pounds, which shall be raised thereon, or partly by such debentures, and partly by such treasury bills as aforesaid:- be'it therefore

3 enacted,

The thirty-second Year of George III.

enacted, that for so much of the said sum of one hundred thousand pounds, as shall be actually paid by any person or persons into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, at the instance of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, upon loan by debentures, there shall be paid at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, by the hands of the vice treasurer or vice treasurers, paymaster or paymasters general, his or their deputy or deputies, at the end of every six calendar months, to the person or persons so paying or lending the fame, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, such interest not exceeding the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, and to commence from the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred'and ninety-two, or from such time subsequent thereto, as shall be agreed upon by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, without any fee or charge, and free from all deductions whatsoever until such time as they shall be respectively paid their principal money at one entire payment.

IX. And be it further enacted, That a debenture or receipt for every sum so to be subscribed and paid, bearing such interest as aforesaid, shall be given by the proper officer of his Majesty's Treasury, for all and every such sum and sums of Money as shall be so raised on loan by debenture, and paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, in the like manner as hath been usually done in cases where principal sums have been heretofore borrowed on loan by debenture, and the debentures or receipts so to be given, shall be numbered in arithmetical progression, where the common excess or difference is to be one, until the whole shall be numbered.

X. And be it further enacted, That for so much of the said sum of one hundred thousand pounds, as shall be actually paid into his Majesty's treasury, at the instance of the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being, cm loan by treasury bills, there shall be paid at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, by the hands of the vice treasurers, or paymaster general, his or their deputy or deputies, at the end of every six calendar months, to the person or persons so paying or lending the fame, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or

X - a assigns,

for so much Ilf said

ico,coo! ns shall be raised by debenture?, intetcfl at 4 \w I’vut. to lie paij every 6 month-, as hciein,

Dcbcnturri to l,.- given ns hcrctofoie ufuah

and numbered m ithir.c-ticully.

For fu much of said ico ccol. as taifal by t-rafury 1>'Hs 2 Jd. |ht day lor fjich icol. it) be’paid ns herein tvtty C ttiUlltlu,

84 The thirtysecond Year of George III.

A.D.

assigns, such interest not exceeding the rate of two pence

1792. halfpenny by the day for each one hundred pounds; and to commence from the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, or from such time fuh-sequent thereto, as shall be agreed upon by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or chief governors for the time being, without any fee or charge, and free from any deductions whatsoever, until' such time as they shall respectively be paid their principal money in one entire payment.

Trafury

XI. And be it further enacted, That for so much of the

bills to be

ifiiicdaa said lum of one hundred thousand pounds, as shall be actual-

]'«", jy paj(j jn|-0 ],js Majesty's treasury, on loan by treasury bills

as aforesaid, bills entitling the bearer to the amount of the sums to be respectively specified therein, and declaring such amount to be payable, or pass current at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, at such time and times as shall be directed by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being, shall be issued and given by the proper officers of his Majesty's treasury, such bills to bear an interest at such rate as herein last is

w.J mimWr- mentioned, the said bills to be numbered in arithmetical pro-niam.imnt grc£jjonj w}lere the common excess or difference is to be one, until the whole shall be numbered, beginning with the number one.

Ssdi hills

XII. Provided always, That every such bill so to be if-by receivers, sued for the said sum of one hundred thousand pounds, or aficr'time any Part "thereof as aforesaid, shall and may, on or after appmnuri for tjffle.or times as shall be appointed by the lord lieute-

paying, jf not r '

f,inner paid nant, or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being, if not sooner paid off, be received and taken by, and be current to any receiver or collector in this kingdom, of the customs, excise, or any revenue, aid, or tax in this kingdom, for and in satisfaction of any custom, excise, revenue, aid or tax, then or thereafter respectively to become due or payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and shall be taken, pass, and be current at tlte receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, from every such receiver or collector, for or in respect of the customs, excise, or any revenue, aid or tax, by him collected or received, on or after such time or times, as shall be so appointed as aforesaid.

XIII. And be it enacted, That as soon as any of the said treasury bills, which have heretofore issued, or which shall

or

1

The thirty-second Year of George III.

or may issue, in pursuance of this act, shall be received by any receiver or collector, for or in respect of any aid, custom, tax, or revenue, pursuant to any provision in that behalf all interest shall cease from the day of such receipt, and shall be no longer payable thereon, and the fame when paid by such receiver or collector into his Majesty's treasury, shall be cancelled.

XIV. And whereas it may be necessary to cflablitli a lottery, be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lavy-for the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, to cflablitli a lottery, confiding of forty thousand tickets, upon which prizes to the amount of two hundred thousand pounds, and no more, shall be paid; and that such lottery shall be drawn at such time after the first day of April, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and consist of such number of tickets as aforesaid, at such price or prices to be subscribed for, and paid at such- time or times, and in such proportions, and upon such scheme or schemes of prizes to be paid in ready money, and at such time or times, and with all such further or other regulations, powers, and provisions necessary to carry the fame into execution, as shall be appointed and directed by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being; and that such lottery so to be established, shall be conducted and carried on with such powers and authorities, and under and subject to such regulations and directions, and with such form of books, mode of drawing, provisions as to tickets delivered or not subscribefl for, rewards to managers and other officers, discount for subscriptions advanced, and such forfeitures for omissions to pay or complete subscriptions to such lottery, within such lime or times as shall be appointed by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, and under and subject to fuel) powers, to pay incident expences, necessary to be incurred in the execution of such lottery or lotteries, and such other powers, authorities, provisions, restrictions, penalties, forfeitures, and remedies, r.s arc severally mentioned in an atf, made and passed in the twenty-first and twenty-second years of his Majesty's reign, entitled. An act for granting unto his Majesty, the everal duties, rates, itupojitions and taxes, herein particularly expreped, to he applied to the payment of the

Vol. XVI. Y interest

Interest on tvcsfirvbiSU to waft from day received !>v collector, kc.

Chief go-

xcnin may lilal-liih a lottery coalining of

ip.COO tiJ-.ots, prizes to amount of 2cotc^ol.and i.o more

to be drawn at fuc!i time alter ill A-pifl, 1792, & other regu-lanons as herein, as shall be directed by chief gover-

lotte-y to be conducted with hke powers, ail--tlioiitics, &C»

form of books, Sic,

as appointed by chief governor, and

to powers, povifiong, penalties, &c.

a> in 21 A 22 G. 3.

; 'all monies over 5l. per 5 ticket* applied 10 flip* port of go- verument.

The thirty-second Year- ^ George III.

intercf of the Jims therein provided for, and towards the dif-cha-ge of the said principal fonts, infoch-manner- as therein is dire Bed, and for fitch-other purposes as are therein mentioned-, ^cr.tliisfcffiuiv unless the' fame shall be otherwise provided for this session - of parliament, or shall' be enacted by any adorads to be r passed -in this Teflion of parliament, as folly, and effectually: to all intents and purposes, as if the fame and every of them were herein particularly set-forth-and enacted, with respect ‘ to fn£h lottery or lotteries to be established; and that all monies arising by the sale of fiich1 tickets,- over and above the funrof five pounds for every such ticket, shall be applied to; the support of his Majesty's government.

Aids grant-

XV. And be it enacted, That the aids'granted'to’his Ma-

proprfaiS, ' jesty, and appropriated by an adpaffedin’this session of;par-r«:tsua of liament, entitled, An act for granting for one year '-the several duties therein mentioned, in lieu of all other duties'payable upon the articles therein specifed during the said term, and far continuing the-effcB-of a treaty of commerce and navigation between 'his Majesty and the Mof Chrifian King, and for regu- la ting the trade between this kingdom and his Majestys colonies,

and for-other purposes therein mentioned-, to the payment of the intcrcfl of the several Turns secured by debentures and treasury bills, and of the several annuities and-charges afore-fai'd, shall be applied and.piiid by the vice treasurer or vice treasurers, 'his or their deputy or deputies, to the payment of the said annuity of twenty-four thousand pounds per annum, and to the payment of the annuities aforesaid, granted for the sums of two hundred and sixty-five thousand pounds, one hundred and seventy-five thousand pounds, and three hundred thousand pounds respectively, and towards payment of the-Expences which shall or may be'incurred, by fending or remitting-from time-to time, such of the said’several Annuities to the city of London, as are or shall be payable there, pursuant to the several acts’heretofore passed relative thereto-, and towards payment of such annuities as have been granted in pursuance of the said adpaffed in the twenty-fifth year of his Majesty's reign, for effectuating the railing of the sum of two -hundred thousand pounds in the said act mentioned.;

: applied to . payment of 24,000l. per annum,

- and of-anmii*

ties granted tfor265.ocol.4

1 175,000l.

and 300,000l.

1 respectively,

and towards payment of expences incurred 6y remitting an- nuitics to London; and of an-

mmiea gihiit . cd in puifii*

atico of 25 -G.J.

am] of in-

ct'u! dikn" and towards the-discharge of the interest of four pounds per tures, centum per annum, borrowed upon debentures carrying such and on 3? per interest, and towards the payment of an interest after the

cent, deben- "

into, rate of three pounds ten millings per centum per annum* on the

The thirty-second Year of George III.

the several sums borrowed upon debentures, carrying such interest, and towards the payment of the interest of the several principal sums heretofore borrowed, and now due upon, or secured by treasury bills, carrying an interest after the rate of two pence halfpenny by the day, for every one hundred pounds, and towards payment of the interest of such debentures and treasury bills, as may be issued in pursuance of this act, and that the surplus of the said duties be applied in such manner-as shall be directed by parliament.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That an act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to explain and amend an act passed in this session of parliament, entitled, An act for granting annuities in manner therein provided, to such persons as shall voluntarily subscribe towards - the rdifing a sum not exceeding the sum-of two hundred and fxty-five thousand pounds, shall continue 'in force, until the1 twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and no longer.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the Teveral principal sums so heretofore from time to time borrowed upon or secured by debentures, carrying an interest rafter the rate'of four pounds per centum per annum, three pounds ten shillings per centum per annum respectively, as shall remain due and unpaid on the twenty-fifth day of 'March, which will be in the year of our Lord, one thou-Tan'd seven hundred and ninety-three, and also such further or other sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of one hundred thousand pounds, as.shall be raised or borrowed ;pursuanc to the provisions in this act, and for which debentures, carrying an interest not exceeding - the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, -or 'treasury bills, carrying an interest not exceeding the rate of two pence halfpenny per day for every one hundred pounds shall be issued, as shall iremain unpaid on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, shall be well and ;truly satisfied, and paid unto the several and respective persons, their executors, administrators, and assigns, to whom :the fame shall be then due, together with all interest for the Tame, at the respective rates aforesaid, without any deduction whatsoever.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That whatever surplus or exceeding of the duties granted in the last, or any former

Y 2 session

87

A.D. 1792. Chap. 2.

ami on Itta-

fury bills at 2 per day for each tool, and of such debentures and treasury bills may be issued in pursuance of this act, fur* plus to be applied .19 directed by parliament*

13th and 14th G. 3. for amending an hA offuid

felfinn, for granting annuities to subscriberi) towards 265,000l. continued to 25th March, 1793*

- bo much of fares hereto-fote borrowed on debentures at per cent. ' and per cent, as remain' unpaid 23th March, 1793*

and other sums, not exceeding i"u the whole

lOO.OOOOi.

which shall be ratfed on debentures at per cent, or treasury bills at 2-hi. per day, for ererjr 100l.

unpaid 25th March, 1793, to be paid with interclfc without deduction.

Surplus of duties grouted in lall, or

88

A.D.

any former fclfion, for pymcut of imcrtft, as before mentioned, remaining in hand* of vice

surer, &c on 25tl]Maicht 179*»

applied to paymuu of sums due upon debentures at 4 per cent-the remainder asdiiefcded by parliament.

Vice trea-fmer to cause an advertise-mm to be inscried in the Gazette, and one or more tiewfpjpcts, liulders of debentures at per cent, to apply lor payment, as iitrein, principal and iutcred paid by vice ttcaimcr,

&c.

debentures lo be delivered up lo be cancelled} interest to ctafe from day mentioned in ad-.vertifcmciit.

An afiida-vlt before a barun, of

treasury bills or debentures loll or deployed, before 25th March, 1792.

The thirty-second Year of George III.

session of parliament, appropriated to the payment of the interest of the several principal sums, annuities, and charges herein before mentioned, shall remain on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, in the hands of the vice treasurer or vice treasurers, receivers, or paymasters general, his or their deputy or deputies, over and above all interest, annuities and charges payable thereout, at the said lime, shall be applied in payment of the sums due upon debentures, bearing interest at the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, and that the remainder of such surplus shall be disposed of in such manner as shall be directed by parliament.

XIX. And be it enacted, That the said vice treasurer or vice treasurers, his or their deputy or deputies, shall as soon as lie or they conveniently can after the passing of this act, cause an advertisement to be inserted in the Dublin Gazette, and in one or more publick newspapers, requiring all persons holding such debentures, bearing an interest at the rate of four pounds per centum per annum as aforesaid, to apply for payment thereof, and of all interest due thereon, at his Majesty's -rcafury, on such day as shall be mentioned in such advertisement for that purpose, not less than twenty days from the publishing thereof, and such jierson shall be paid by the vice treasurer or vice treasurers, his or their deputy or deputies, the principal sums due on such debentures, with the interest thereon, and shall upon payment thereof, deliver their respeiflive debentures to the said vice treasurer or vice-treasurers, his or their deputy or deputies, to be cancelled, which lie or they are hereby required to cancel accordingly, and the interest payable upon such debentures, shall cease from the day which shall be mentioned in such advertisement for the payment thereof.

XX. And whereas it is expedient to make provision for the lofles which may have accrued to individuals for debentures or treasury bills having been loft, burned or setroyed; be it enacted, That in all cases, where it shall appear by affidavit before any of the barons of the court of exchequer, who shall interrogate the deponent or deponents thereupon, to the satisfaction of such baron, that any treasury bills or debentures have been loft, burned, or setroyed, before die twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand le.vcn hundred and ninety-lwo, or that there is good reason

te'

o

The thirtj-second Year of George III.

to believe, that the fame have been loft, burned, or setroyed, the respective officers of the treasury appointed to make forth such treasury bills or Debentures, or to pay the same, upon producing a certificate of any of the fail! barons, of such affidavit or affidavits being made before him, which affidavit or affidavits any of the said barons shall take, and which certificate they shall grant without fee, and on fccu-rity being given to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, to the good liking of the said officers to indemnify them against all other persons for the monies specified in such bills or debentures, the said officers shall at the request of the owner or owners of such bills or debentures, and with the consent and approbation of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors for the time being, make forth duplicates thereof, and pay and discharge the fame, together with the interest which hath accrued on the original treasury bills or debentures, so loft, burned, or destroyed, and such interest as shall accrue, in the same manner as they would have paid and discharged the said original treasury bills and debentures, and the interest thereof.

XXI. And be it enacted, That if at any time hereafter, any such debentures or treasury bills, which have been lost or mislaid, shall afterwards be found, and be delivered to the officers of the treasury to be cancelled, then the security which shall have been given to indemnify such officers, in respect of such debentures, or treasury bills, shall be void, and the same shall be given, up to the person or persons who shall have entered into the same.

XXII. And whereas by an act passed in the twenty-fc-venth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An Act for granting the several sums therein mentioned, for publick uses, and for other purposes therein mentioned; it is enacted, That the

lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, might cause to be raised on loan by debentures any sum or sums of money not exceeding in the whole the sum of three thousand pounds, and for such sum or so much thereof, as should be paid into his Majesty's treasury, there should be paid to the person or persons lending the fame, such interest not exceeding the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, as should be agreed upon, until such time as they should be respectively paid their principal money at one entire payment: and it is enacted, That so

Vol. XVI. i Z soon

or po-rf n:<

U>:i to helirvc

tame,

on piGihicin^ Ce:I li.itic id fri m

IllKlII,

1*0 (tc to Ua.mii, on Uiurity, osikci s> may, will ciilifuK oi coiit £o-vc her, make duplicate*, acd pay principal and in* tordL

If debenture, Ac. lie found and ddiveicd at treasury, fc-cutny fitvcn to intjemuify

void.

By 27 Geo. 3. 3CC0l.

might he rtif-

cd for Jinifli-ing Kitliament fijuare in the college.

I

9°

A.D.

The thirtj-fecend Year of George III.

1792

Chap.

<»I , U» tl'f-charisc ill* tcreft of such fuel;

Toon as the said sum of three thousand pounds should be raised as aforesaid, the fame should without any further or other warrant, be paid by the vice treasurer or vice treasurers, to the provost, fellows, and scholars of the college, of the holy and undivided Trinity of Queen Elizabeth, near Dublin, to be expended by them in finishing the building of the fijuare in the said college, called Parliament Square, in the said act mentioned: and whereas by another act passed in the same session of parliament, entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty the severdl duties therein mentioned, and for the better regulation of lottery offices, it is enacted, that Duty prant- towards raising the supply granted to his Majesty, there should amongst other things be paid to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, during the time therein mentioned, an additional duty of one penny on every almanack, calendar, or Dublin diredory, for any one particular year, or for any time less than a year, which should be printed on one side only, of any sheet or piece of paper, and an additional duty of two pence on every other almanack, calendar, or Dublin diredory, for any one particular year; and by the said act, it is enacted, that the said duties should be applied and disposed of in such manner as parliament should direct; and by the said act, entitled, An act for granting the several films theieiit mentioned for public tfes, and for the other purposes therein mentioned-, it is enacted, that the aids and duties by the said last mentioned act granted, should be applied to the dischargoof theinterest of the said sum of three thousand pounds, or lb much thereof as should be raised, and that the fiirplns of the said duties should be applied to discharging the said sum of three thousand pounds: and whereas the said duties on almanacks, calendars, and Dublin diredories, have been since continued payable to his Majesty, and have been appropriated to the payment of the interest of the said sum of three thousand pounds, which sum hath not been raised, and the duties so granted and continued, remain unapplied; be it enacted, That whatever sum arising from the said duties, which shall remain in the hands of his Majesty's vice-treasurers, and receivers general, or their deputy, on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, shall be applied to the support of his Majesty's government.

Awi'nicraiSi XXIII. 'ke enacted, That when the said sum of three immii 10 iw thousand pounds, shall be raised in manner herein before

mentioned,

:»m not

tJ.ful,

duties applied to flip, port of government.

paid as herein.

The thirty-second Year of George III. 91

mentioned, the interest thereof flmll lie paid out of the aids A.D. granted to his Majesty, and appropriated by the said ;nft, cn-titled, An act for granting for one year the Jheeral duties therein mentioned, in lieu of all other duties payable upon the articles t herein,specifed during the said term, and for continuing the effeil of a treaty of commerce and navigation between his Ma-jefy and the most Chr'tfian King, and for regulating the trade between this kingdom and his Majestys colonies, and for other purposes therein mentioned; to the payment of the interest of the several sums secured by debentures and treasury bills, and of the several annuities and charges aforesaid, in the same manner as the interest is by this act directed to be paid on such debentures and treasury bills.

CHAP. III.

An Act for further continuing an Act, Entitled, An Act for facilitating the Trade and Intercourse between this Kingdom and the United States of America.

WHEREAS an act which passed in the twenty-sixth year of his present Eip'ieJ.

Majesty, entitled. An aftfirfacilitating the trade and intercourse between this kingdom and the unitedfates of America, was by subsequent acts continued to the -twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and no longer: and whereas it is expedient that the said act should be further continued for a limited time: be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritua) and temporal, and commons in tins present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said act, and all and every the clauses therein contained, shall continue and be in force until the twenty-fifth day March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and no longer.

CHAP. IV.

An Act for granting the Sum of Four Thousand Pounds to the Trustees if the Linen and Hempen Manufacture, and for other Purposes.

WHEREAS by an act passed in this kingdom tins present session of parliament, entitled, An act for grafting fir one year the several duties therein mentioned^ in lieu of all ether duties payable upon the articles therein spedfedt during the said temiy andfir continuing the effect of a treaty of commerce and navigation between his Majesty and the mof chr'tfian Kingt andfir regulating the trade between this kingdom


Expited.

The ihhiy-fccor.cl Year of George III.

and h'u Ma}sf:fs eohntesy and fir ether purpcjls therein mentioned; the sum of fotty-eight thousand five hundred and sixty-eight pounds was granted to be applied in such m.mner as parliament should direct, for the advancement of trade and manufacture?, and the maintenance of hospitals, charities, and public niftituiions, and the further improvement of this kingdom, by building churches, and other public works: be it emitted by the King’s uvut excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpi ritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament aflcm-lded, ami by the authority of the same, That two thousand pounds, part of the said sum of forty-eight thousand five hundred and sixty-eight pounds, be given for one year to the twenty-lift!) day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, to the trustees of the linen manufacture, to encourage the railing sufficient quantities of hemp and flax in this kingdom.

II. And be it cnatted. That a further sum of two thousand pounds, also a part of the said sum of forty-eight thousand five hundred and sixty-eight pounds, be given to the said trustees of the linen manufacturc, for the encouragement of the hempen and flaxen manufactures during the said time, in tire provinces of Leinster, Munster, and Connaught, the said sums of two thousand pounds, and two thousand pounds to be paid by the vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, receiver or reccivers-general of this kingdom, his or their deputy or deputies, without any further or other warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained in that behalf.

III. And whereas the cultivation and laving of flax-feed was formerly much discouragcil by the bounties on the importation of foreign feed: and whereas the premiums heretofore granted for lowing and saving flax-feed in this kingdom, have tended much to promote a sufficient supply of Irish flax-feed, be it cnatted. That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three inclusive, no bounty or premium shall be paid for, or on account of any flax-feed or lin-feed imported into tins kingdom, any law to the contrary notwithstanding *, and that the turn of seven thousand two hundred and fifty pounds, shall be applied to encourage the growth of flax-feed ill this kingdom, the said sum to be paid out of such monies as tire bounties on imported flax-feed were usually paid out of, or out of all or any of the aids or duties granted this session of parliament, the same to be paid by the vice-treasurers, receiver or receivers-general, his or their deputy or deputies, to the trustees of the linen and hempen manufactures, without any further or other warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that behalf.

IV. And be it further cnatted. That the said trustees shall, and they are hereby required, at such time or times ns shall appear to them roost proper, to propose and publish premiums for encouraging the growth of flax, and promoting a fufiicieot supply of Irish (lax-feed, in all or any of the counties of tins kingdom, and in such proportions, and to be claimed under such restrictions and regulations as they shall think proper.

V. And be it further cnatted. That it shall and may be lawful for every person appointed by the said trustees, to pay the said premiums, whether he be inspector or other person, to have, receive, and keep for his own use, as a reward for his trouble and attendance, the sum of six pence, for every twenty shillings which he shall pay to any person for premiums adjudged as aforesaid.

1792-Chap. 2

CHAP-

The thirty-feccud Year of George III.

CHAP. V.

An Act for regulating the Payment of Bounties on the Exportation of certain Manufactures of this Kingdom.

WHEREAS the encouraging of various branches of linen and hempen ina- Expiicd. nufactures, and of certain manufactures made of fiik, by bounties on cx-port, will tend to promote and enlarge the fame, and it is necessary that the payment of such bounties should be under certain regulations and reltri&ior-s j be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled,

and by the authority of the same, That every exporter, or feller for exportation of plain Irish linen, Irish chequed or striped linen, and Irish huckabacks, diapers, (licet-ings, and other species of linens, upwards of a yard in breadth, and of printed, painted, stained, or dyed Irish linens, callicoes, cottons, or cottons mixed with linen to any places, on the exportation to which bounties are payable, shall in the entry of such goods at the port of exportation, express the quantity thereof, tmd the value, exclusive of all printing, painting, (laming or dying, and fikewife endorse on the cocket granted upon such entry, the true quantity and value of the linens, or other goods intended to be shipped, and shall before he receives such bounty, produce a certificate from the searcher or other proper officer appointed to see the fame shipped, verifying the shipping thereof, and likewise give sufficient security to die collector or other chief officer of the port in the penalty of double the value of the goods intended to be exported, and of one hundred pounds more, which security every such collector or other officer is hereby empowered and required to take by bond payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, conditioned that such linens, diapers, huckabacks, (hectings, or other species of linens, callicoes, or cottons, or cottons mixed, so shipped, or intended to be shipped, or any part thereof, shall not lie landed or brought upon (liorc again in any-pnrt or parts of Great Britain, Ireland, or the I(Ic of Man \ and shall a!so before he receives any bounty, make oath, or if a known quaker make affirmation, which oath or affirmation the said officer is hereby empowered to administer, of the value of such linens, callicoes, cottons, or cottons-mixed, and that the fame were made in Ireland.

II. And be it enacted, That the exporter of all Irish made sail-cloth or canvas shall, before he receives any bounty, make oath, or if a known quaker make affirmation, which oath or affirmation the proper officer of the revenue at the port where the same shall be shipped, is hereby empowered to administer that such sail-cloth or canvas was made in Ireland, and is actually exported, or shipped to be exported without any intention to be landed in any part of Great Britain, Ireland, the Isle of Man, France, or the French dominions in Europe, and that no former reward or "bounty on export, has been paid for the same.

III. And for the better credit of the said manufactures, and to prevent frauds in obtaining bounties thereon, be it further enacted, That if the trustees of the hempen

and linen manufactures shall appoint any person or persons at any of the ports in this kingdom, to inspect linens intended to be exported on bounty, and shall give notice thereof in writing to the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, no bounty shall be paid after such notice at any port at which such person shall be appointed to inspect, unless it shall appear to the surveyor or other officer at the port, by some

Vol. XVI. A a seal

93

A.D. 1792.

The thirtj-feccr.d Year of George III.

seal or mark affixed to each package of linens, by such person or persons in manner herein after mentioned, that he hpa examined the fame, nor unless it shall also np-‘ pear by the certificate of such person or perfom>, that such linens arc of good) found, and merchantable quality.

IV. And in order to prevent abides in obtaining such bounty, be it further en-acted, That it shall and may be lawful for any surveyor, or any officer of the revenue, after the entry of atiy linens or other goods, as being entitled to bounty, and before and after, the shipping thereof, to open and examine any bale, truss, or other package, to fee if the goods are duly entered and endorsed on the cocket; am! if on any such examination the same shall be found to be duly entered and cn> dcrfcil, the officer shall at his own charge, cause the same to be repacked, which charge shall be allowed to such officers by the commissioners of the revenue, if they dial] think it reasonable.

V. And be it further enacted, That if upon view and examination by the proper officers of the revenue, it shall appear that all or any piece or pieces of linen, chequed or itriped linen, printed, painted, (lained, or dyed linen, callico, cctton, or cotton mixed, which shall be entered for exportation, as entitled to bounty, is

or arc of greater value than one shilling and seven pence halfpenny per yard, exclusive of any value anting from its being painted, printed, stained, or dyed j or that any piece or pieces of diaper, huckaback, fliceting, or other species of linen, upwards of one yard in breadth, which shall be entered for exportation, as entitled to the bounty hereby granted, is or are of greater value than one shilling and seven pence halfpenny the square yard, that then and hi every such case, the exporter or feller of such linen for exportation shall, upon demand made in writing by tbs surveyor of the port where such goods and merchandizes are entered, deliver or cause to be delivered, so many pieces of such linen as Avail be demanded by the said officer, into his Majesty's warehouse, at the port of exportation, for the use and benefit of the crown, and upon such delivery, the surveyor of such port, with the privity of the collector or other chief officer shall, out of any money in the hands of such collector applicable thereto, pay to such exporter or feller for exportation, the value of one (lulling and eight pence halfpenny per yard 5 and also if die lame be printed, painted, (lained, or dyed, the full value, cofc, and expence of such printing, painting, staining or dying, taking 2 receipt for the same from such exporter or feller for exportation, in full fausfaction for such goods, as if. they had been regularly fold; and the commissioners of the revenue shall cause such goods to be fairly and pubtickly sold to die belt advantage, and out of the produce thereof, the money so paid or advanced as aforesaid, shall be repaid to such colleger, to be replaced to the account of Ins Majofly's revenue; and if any overplus shall remain after -defraying the expences of such tide, and the necessary charges incident diercto, one moiety of such overplus shall be paid into the receipt of the exchequer, towards defraying die expences of his Majesty's government, and the other moiety to the proper officers who shall have searched and examined such linens.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or . persons -shall enter for exportation any linen, callico, cotton, or cotton.mixed, at any value exclusive of the value of its being printed, painted, fanned, or dyed, not exceeding die value of one-shilling and seven pence halfpenny per yard, or any diaper, huckaback, flieeting, or other linen, upwards of a yard in breaddi, at any value as aforesaid, not exceeding-one shilling and seven pence halfpenny per square yard, and which upon view and examination of the proper officer of the revenue shall be drought to be of greater value before'its being printed, painted, fanned, or dyed, than one fliil-ling and seven pence halfpenny per yard or square yard respectively; and shall on demand made in writing by the surveyor, or other officer of the port where such haen. is. entered for exportation, -refuse to deliver, or cause to be delivered, all or

3 ->ny

The thirty-second Year of George III.

any one of the pieces of such linen, diaper, or huckaback, or fliecting, into his Majesty's v/archouse at such port, for the use and benefit of the crown, and to receive from the said officers of the revenue at the said port, the value of one shilling and eight pence halfpenny per yard, or square yard respectively for such linen, together with the value, cost, or expence of printing, dying, painting, or flaming the fame, as the fame may be, in full satisfaction for the same; or if the proper officers of the revenue shall, upon view or examination, find any such linen which shall be entered for exportation, at the value of six pence halfpenny per yard, or above that value, not exceeding one shilling and seven pence halfpenny per yard, to be under the value as aforesaid, of six pence halfpenny per yard, or which shall be entered at the value of five pence per yard, or above that value, and not amounting to the value of six pence halfpenny per yard, to be under the value as aforesaid, of five pence per yard *, or if any such linen shall be less in quantity than shall be expressed in the said endorsement, on the said entry or cockct, or shall not be of the breadth of twenty-five inches at the Icaft, or of the-breadth of one yard, if so entered; or if the same shall be entered or endorsed under a wrong denomination, whereby the said bounty, or any part thereof, might have been fraudulently obtained, that then and in every such case, all such linen, calfico, cotton, or cotton mixed, which shall be so.refused to be delivered, or that'shall be under the value as aforesaid, of six pence halfpenny per yard, or five pence per yard respectively, or shall appear to be less in quantity -than expressed in such endorsement, or be under the breadth of twenty-five'inches, or one yard respectively, or entered or endorsed under a wrong denomination, and also the goods contained in all and every package or packages endorsed on such entry or cockct, shall be forfeited, together with such package or packages, and shall and may be (cried by any officer or officers of the revenue, and, the owner or merchant shall not be entitled to receive any bounty for such goods.

VII. And tO'prevent linen of bad quality, or fraudulently made up, from being exported, be it further enacted, That after notice given as aforesaid-to the said commissioners, no bounty shall be paid on any such linen,-calfico, cotton, cotton mixed, diaper, or huckaback, which shall be exported as aforesaid, out of any port where any inspectov or other person shall be appointed, unless such inspector or other person to be appointed as aforesaid by the trustees of the linen and hempen manufactures, shall by some seal or mark affixed to each package thereof, certify his having examined the fame, or shall, in the presence of the surveyor-or other officer of the revenue, examine the fame, and affix his seal or mark thereto.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any plain, chequed, or striped Irish linen, or stained, painted, printed, or dyed Irish linen, calfico, cotton, or cotton mixed, diaper, huckaback,-fliecting, or sail-cloth, or canvas, for which the bounty shall have been given-or claimed, shall be landed in Great Britain, Ireland, the Isle of Man, France, or die French dominions in Europe, the exporter or exporters thereof shall forfeit the fame, or the value thereof} and every person concerned in bringing back, or landing the same as aforesaid, null forfeit one shilling for every yard or fnuarc yard of such linen, culiico, cotton, or cotton mixed respectively, and two shillings for every ell of such canvas or sail-cloth so brought back or lauded.

IX. And be it enacted, That no allowance shall be given upon the exportation from hence, of any manufacture made in this kingdom of silk, or silk mixed with any other material, unless oath, or in the.cafc of a known quaker solemn affirmation, be made by the exporter, before such collector or other officer of the port of exportation, which oath or affirmation such officer is hereby empowered and required to administer, that such goods are of Ififli mamxfatlurc, and intended to be exported, and not intended to be relanded in any part of Ireland \ and on the exporters giving sufficient security to the said collector or -other officer of the port, which

Aa: security

(j6 The ihiriyjecond Year of- George III.

A.D.

Security any such officer is empowered to take in the name,-and to the use of his

I ~y2. Majesty, his heirs and successors, by bond, in the penalty of the value of the goods,

Chap* 5* conditioned that such goods shall not be relanded or brought on Ihorc again in any

port or place in this kingdom, and for such part :of such goods as shall be entered for, or landed in Great Britain, the-islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, a condition of the said bond shall be to bring accrtificate in discharge thereof, within six calendar months after the date of the said bond, which certificate shall be signed by the proper officer or officers of his Majesty's customs there, and for want of such officers residing in any of the said islands, then by die governors cf

those islands, or by the deputy governors thereof respectively, and for such of the said goods as shall be entered for, or landed in any of his Majesty's plantations in America, cr in the Eritifli.dominions in the ’West Indies, or the Britishi settlements on the coast of Africa, a condition of the bond shall be to bring a certificate within eighteen months after die date of such bond, signed by the officer or officers usually signing certificates of a like nature there, importing that such goods were landed, and testifying die landing dicreof; and for such silks, ftufls, or odier manufactures as aforesaid, as shall be so entered for any foreign port or place, a condition ct the bond shall be to bring a certificate under the common seal of the chief magistrate, in such port or place, or under the hands and seals of two known Britishr merchants, then being at such port or place, that such silks or ether manufactures were there landed.} which certificates shall respectively testify that such goods were landed at the places From whence such certificates shall have ‘been given, and when produced, and duly proved, shall respectively be a full and sufficient discharge for such bonds so respectively entered into} and in case such goods shall be taken by enemies, or perished in the sea, such bonds shall be discharged upon satisfactory proof thereof being made before the commissioners of the revenue for the time being, or any four or more of them.

X. Ami for better preventing frauds on the entering of any such goods under a wrong denomination, to the prejudice of his Majesty's revenue, be it further en-.acted, That it shall and may be lawful for any searcher, or any proper officer of the revenue, at any time after the entry of any such goods, and before or after the Hupping thereof, to open and examine every bale, truss, chest, or other package; and if on such examination the goods shall be found to be rightly entered, the officer shall, at his own charge, cause the same to be repacked, to die satisfaction of the exporter, which charge shall bc allowed to such officer by die commissioners of thcjrevcnue, if they shall diink it reasonable; but in case such officer Jliall find such goods, or any part dicreof, to have been entered under a wrong denomination, whereby his Majesty might have been defrauded in die allowance to be paid on tlvc . exportation of such goods, contrary to die true intent and -meaning hereof, all such goods so falsely entered, shall be forfeited, and may be seized, and the person or persons making or causing such false entry to be made, shall forfeit -double the value of such goods.

XI. Provided always, That no allowance Atoll be demanded or made for any of such manufactures of silk mixed with gold and fiber, where they are only mixed at the edges or ends of the pieces, nor fc£ any of such manufactures of silk mixed with other materials, unless two-thirds at least of the ends or threads of the warp be all silk, or mixed or twitted -with silk in the warp, so that such silk shall be apparent, nor unless the silk therein used shall be at the least double the value of the allowance intended to be obtained on the exportation thereof, and if any doubt shall arise whether such goods or manufactures were made in Ireland, or touching the quality of such goods or manufacturc$, die proof shall lie on the exporter, claim-cer, or owner thereof and not on the officer.

The thirty-second Year of George III. 97

XII. AjiH be it enacted, That all bounties and allowances on the exportation of, A.D. the manur.iftures aforesaid, shall be paid out of all or any of the monies arising .1792. from all or any of the duties granted by parliament, and not appropriated to any particular purpose, in tire hands of the collector of the port where such goods Avail

be shipped for exportation.

XIII. And be it further enacted, T^Imt tire said bounties shall be paid on demand without fee or reward, to the exporter or feller for exportation, subject to the several regulations herein containtu.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all the penalties and forfeitures aforesaid, flial'. be sued for, levied, and recovered, by such ways, means, rules, and directions, and with such powers as are appointed, diackd, and expressed, in and by an act made in this kingdom in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of his late Majesty Charles the ficond, entitled, An uci fir the settling of the excise, and nnv impofl upon his Af.ffi-, h:s heirs and fuccfors, according to the hock of rates therein inserted; or by any other law now in force relative to the revenue of excise in this kingdom, converging the peu.diics mu forfeitures therein mentioned, as fully and effectually as if the fame weie particularly mentioned, specified, and enacted in this act, with like remedy of appeal for die party aggrieved, as in and by the said act of excise, or any ether law or laws now of force relative to the duty of excise is provided.

XV. And be it enacted, That this act flirdl continue of force until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thoul'and seven hundred and ninety-three, and no longer.

CHAP. VI.

An Act for granting the several Sums therein mentioned, for certain Pious and Charitable Purposes.

WHEREAS by an act passed in this session of parliament, entitled, at!for granting fir one year-the feversI duties therein mentioned, in lieu of all ether duties payable upon the articles therein specified, during the said term, andfir continuing the efft'cb of a treaty of commerce and navigation between his Majesty and the vufl Chrj/lian King> andfir regulating the trade between this kingdom and Us Majestfs cthnieS) and fir ether purposes therein mentioned: the lum of forty-eight thousand five hundred and sixty-eight pounds, was granted to be applied in such manner as parliament should direct, for the advanced.nt of trade and manufactures, and the maintenance of hol-pinls, charities, and pr.plie imTitutioiK, and the further improvement of this kingdom, by building churches and other publick works: be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and conilnt of the lords spiri-ttml and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the sum of thirl y-nine thousand five hundred and sixty-eight pounds of the said sum of forty-eight thousand five hundred and sixty-eight pounds, be applied to the pious and charitable uus L^em after mentioned, that is to say, that the sum of five ti.nif.md pounds, part of the said sum of thirty-nine thousand five hundred and sixty-eight pound:'., he granted to the beard of first fruits, for building new churches, and re-builuing old churches in such parishes as no publick divine service has been pci immed in for twenty year* la ft past; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said bo. vd to apply such part of the said grant of five thousand pounds to the encouragement of the building of glebe Koufcs, upon such terms

V01.. XVI.

B b as

Enpiici.

98

The thirty-second Year of George III.

A.D. 1792. Chap. 6.

as they shall think fit; that the sum of twelve thousand pounds, part of the said sum of thirty-nine thousand five hundred and sixty-eight: pounds, be given to the incorporated society, as a full provision for supporting the protestant charter schools of this kingdom, for one year, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three; that the sum of ten thousand pounds, part of the said sum of thirty-nine thousand five hundred and sixty-eight pounds, be given to the governors of the foundling hospita! and work-house, towards enabling them to discharge the debts by them contracted for the use of that charity, and towards supporting their necestary expences; that the sum of eight thousand pounds, part of the said sum of thirty-nine thousand five hundred and sixty-eight pounds, be given to the corporation for the relief of the poor in the city of Dublin, for the suppoit of the house of industry, in aid of the charitable contributions, for one year, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three; that the sum of one thousand pounds, part of the said sum of thirty-nine thousand five hundred and sixty-eight pounds, be given to the governors of the Hibernian school for the support of that charity; that the sum of one thousand pounds, part of the said Turn of thirty-nine thousand five hundred and sixty-eight pounds, be given to the Hibernian marine society, towards supporting the said charity; and that the sum of two thofand five hundred and sixty-eight pounds, the remainder of the said sum of thirty-nine tlmufand five hundred and sixty-eight pounds, be given to the governors of faint Patrick’s hospital, to enable them to pay a debt contracted by them in buildings, furniture, and repairs, and to enable them to receive the lunaticks from the house of industry.

II. And be it enacted, That the said several sums by this act granted, be paid by the vice-treasurer or viec-treafuvers, receiver general or receivers general of this kingdom, his or their deputy or deputies, without any further or other warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained in that behalf.

III. And whereas it has been fot forth by the humble petition of the governors and guardians of the Lying-in-Hospiud, in the city of Dublin, that it would he greatly conducive to the health of persons applying to said hospitnl for reljcf, if a certain Jot of ground contiguous thereto, at the weft fide thereof, was either laid open in ftroet, or had thereon certain buildings creeled for the use or extension of said charity: and whereas the said governors and guardians are willing to purchase said ground situate as aforesaid, and bounded by Great Britain-street, Granby-row, and the premises belonging to said I.espital, at the full and just value; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the commissioners for making wide and convenient streets in the city of Dublin, and their fuc-ccflers, on the requifirion of nine or more of said governors, signed by them, and foaled with their seal corporate, to have the said lot of ground, together with ail buildings and edifices thereon, and the right, title, terms, and interests of all persons concerned therein, valued by jury, in like manner as they are empowered by an act passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the second, entitled, Jin ue? f;r >r. ibing a cvide and convenient Kvnyt fret/ and fr’JJ'ngiy from Ffe.\-bndrty to tie enfle of Duband for ether purpfes tlereift mentioned; one Other act passed in the thirty-tl.ird year of the reign of his laic Majesty King George the second, for anvr.ibrg u 0 aforesaid act; one other ?cl passed in the seventh year o« hi; pvcI.T.t M.jjollvh; reign, for the further amending the find first recited act; one Other act passed in the twenty-first and twenty-second years of his present Majesty s rc:gn, entitled, dn net j:r t’r improvei / of it:e city of Dublitiy by waling wide and ten iv/i'n >:! figs ihrzrgh the faulty ardftr regulating the tool trade theref; one other act made in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of his present Majesty's reign, for continuing ;uid amending f:.M It.ft mentionui act; one other act passed in the twemy-fitth year of his present Majesty's rdgu, for explaining and further amend-

ing

The thirty-second Year of George III.

99

ing the said several nfts 5 cne other act passed in the twenty-seventh year of Ins pro A.D. sent Majesty's reign, for further explaining and amending the said several acts*, also 179- cue other act passed in the thirtieth year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An Chap-act for further (unending an act, entitled, An act for continuing and amending an act, passed in the twenty-frond year of his present Jllajefifs reign, entitled, An act for the improver,it nt of the city of Dublin, by making wide and convenient passages through the fame,

u:dfor regulating the coal trade thereof, and for ether purposes, to have any houses or grounds valued for the widening of any street within the city, and with like powers and authorities5 and that the award of such jury shall have the fame force and effect to all intents and purposes whatsoever touching the premises, as the fame would have by virtue of an act passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of Ins late Majesty King George the second, entitled, An act for making a wide and convenient way,street, and passage front Kflcx-bridge, to the eastle cf Dublin, and for other purpefes therein mentioned { one other act passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of lus late Majesty King George the second, for amending the aforesaid aft\ one other act passed in the feveuth year of his present Majesty's reign, for the further amending the said first receited act; one other act passed in die fwcnty-first and twenty-second years of his present Majesty's reign, entitled. An act for the improvement of the city of Dublin, by making wide and convenient passages through the fame, and for regulating the coal trade thereof; one other act passed in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of his present Majesty's reign, for continuing and amending said last mentioned act *, one other act passed in the twenty-flxtli year of his present Majesty's reign, for explaining and further amending the said several acts; one other act passed in die twenty-seventh year of his present Majesty's reign, for further explaining and amending said several acts; also one other act passed in the thirtieth year of Jus present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for further amending an act, passed in the twenty-feeond year of his present Maje/I/s reign, entitled, An act for the improvement of the city of Dublin, by making wide and convenient passages through the fame, and for regulating the coal trade thereof and for other purposes, in all matters to diem specially referred.

IV. And whereas the annual funds of said hospital may not produce a surplus sufficient to make said purchase: be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for nine or more of said governors in board assembled, to borrow by debentures or otherwise, in such manner as they may judge meet, under their seal corporate, at an interest not exceeding five pounds per centum p*r annum, such sum or sums of money as may be neceflnry for purchasing said lot or tenement.

V. Provided always, That every sum of money so raised, shall be accounted lor before the commissioners of imprest accounts, and discharged from time to time in such manner, as the f.ud governors or any nine or more of them shall direct, out of any balance which may from time to time be found in the treasurer’s hands, after payment of the annua! expences of said charity, and the several debts and incumbrances wherewith it is now affected: provided also, that 110 money Hull he borrowed by virtue of this act, which shall create any charge or incumbrance 011 that part of the funds of the hospital called Raphfon's charity.

15 b 2

CHAP.

100

The thirty-feccnd Year of George III.

A.D. 1792.

—CHAP. VII.

An Act for Regulating and Extending the Tobacco Trade.

’YTrTTIKREAS it may tend much to the encouragement of the tobacco trade, if importers of tobacco shall be allowed to lodge their tobacco in warehouse:., and to have time fort lie payment of the duty thereon: therefore be it enreVtd by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the krfs spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament aficmblttl, and l y the authority-cfihc fame, That every importer of tobacco, shall ami may sum* a dwy after the ratnof six pence for every pound weight thereof, in manner following, that

is to say, he or flic shall give-bond for the amount of such duty after the late of six pence fir pound, to be made payable at the end of -fifteen months, to commence from the (Late of such bond.

il Provided always, That where tobacco shall be landed, on bill of view the importer of owner of such tobacco, shall within ten working-days after the landing of such tobacco, :make entry thereof, and pay the duty for the fame, or enter into bond for the payment thereof in manner herein directed, and in failure-thereof every such person shall forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds for every hogshead of such tobacco which shall not be entered, and for which the duty shall not have been paid or secured as aforjfiid, over and above the duties payable on such tobacco.

III. And be it cnaTre-1, That upon such bond being executed, the commissioners or principal oim*ers of the revenue at the respectiYC ports shall cause all such tobacco to be warehous'd i» the usual manner, and such proprietor or proprietors of such tobacco, or his or their servants shall have free access into such warehouses at ell times within the usual hours of discharge, and the proper officer or officers, is, and are hereby required to attend without fa*} and all tobacco so warehoused shall be charged and pay such duty as aforesaid, according to the net weight-thereof, at the

time-when such tobacco shall be fold, and delivered out of such (bores.

IV. And be it further enacted, That such proprietor or proprietors -of such tobacco, Hull respectively pay all the charges and expences incurred in any way by unshipping, or conveying any tobacco from the several and respective ships importing the fame, to the respective wardioufcs i»i which the fame tobacco is to he dcpollted as aforefiiitU or in conveying the tobacco from such respective warehouses, to and oji board the fever.;! and-respective ships in which the same shall be respectively exported to foreign parts, lave :md except the charges of paying the revenue officers, under whoso fpocial care the said tobacco shall be so resptctivdy conveyed either from the flop to the v/archoufo on importation, or from the warchcul’e to the ship on exportation, any law or uihgefo r!:c contrary uctv.'itbfhmiing

V And be it further cnecud, That the resped"Hvc prcprielois of tobacco so to be bought a3 afnvfai,! to tfo: Mpedlfoe w.irJmulcs hcloie mentioned, be't the cn^ckc.' of Gripping or tal-ng the liivjlu acts in wl-ich ti:e tobacco fl:di be so tmpert-

Su a* iiforciai;!, from the tobacco, before :!ic fame shall tcTow^ui

'\ 1 And be it further curfofod, 'flat in case any tobacco which fl.all have been cru.ad, .«nd tire doty thereon paid or iaured in manner aforesaid, Ihafl he crporf’.d 'train dnii'jvirigdom, the cxporier shall upon the exportation thereof, u:il:n tine K*r.» from the importation, on producing a proper debenture to be irrde cut for tin t . urp-f:, he paid or allowed to draw bach the V.'l.oh net duty "tiu.dly paid at

or

101

The thirty-second Year of George III.

or after the importation of such quantity so exported, or in case any such tobacco D.

shall be exported within the time aforefiml, by the person or persons who shall have 3^702. entered into bond, and such bcml shall not have been discharged, such person or Qhaj'. *\ persons so exporting such tobacco, shall have the bond vacated, or allowance made by entry on the back of such bond, for such quantity of tobacco as shall be so exported, as the case shall be, any law or custom to the contrary notwithstanding 5 and every such person or persons so exporting, shall at the taking out of a permit for any such tobacco to be exported as aforesaid, make oath before the proper oiliecv of the revenue to be appointed and empowered to administer oaths, that he or she is the real proprietor of such tobacco, and is really the exporter thereof.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if the proprietor or proprietors of such tobacco, as shall be so lodged in warehouses as aforesaid, shall not within the space of fifteen months, by payment of the duties so bonded for, or by debentures upon exportation of such tobacco, discharge his or their obligations, and that the tobacco or any part thereof shall continue in the warehouses for want of payment of the duties thereon *, in such case, it shall and may be lawful for the Add commissioners or principal officers of the revenue for the time being, at the respective ports, and they are hereby empowered to cause such tobacco so continuing, to be publickly sold by inch of candle, first giving the importer or importers thereof, fourteen days notice personally, or by leaving a notice in writing at the lnft place of such importer’s abode; die product thereof, after such sale first to be applied to payment of such bond, storage, and all other charges which may have been incurred, and the overplus, if any, to be rendered and paid to the proprietor or other person lawfully authorized to receive the same.

VIII. Provided always, That if any tobacco shall upon importation thereof, and before the original importer thereof shall have bonded the duties of the fame, be fold cr transferred by any importer thereof to any wholesale merchant, such wholesale merchant may bond the duties thereof, in the same manner, and subject to the same rules, regulations, and restrictions, as the importer thereof is by this act at liberty to bond the same.

IX. Provided also, That if any tobacco shall after the importation thereof, and after the original importer thereof shall have bonded the duties for the fame, be sold by such importer, before the same shall have been taken out of the warehouse in which it shall have been lodged, to any wholesale merchant, the bond which such importer executed for the duties on such tobacco on the warehousing of the fame, may be cancelled, upon such wholesale merchant’s giving bond for the amount of the duties on such tobacco, to be made payable at the same time that the bond executed by the importer was made payable; and such wholesale merchant so buying such tobacco, shall be subject to the like rules, regulations, and reflrtdions, as the importer thereof is by this act subjc£f to.

X. Provided always, That if any tobacco shall be imported by strangers, or shall by any laws now of force in this kingdom, be subject to aliens duty, a further duty shall, over and above the said duty of six pence per pound, be paid or secured thereon, after the rate of one penny for every pound weight thereof.

XI. Provided also, That when any tobacco so warehoused shall be intended for heme consumption, no such tobacco shall be taken cut of such stores as aforesaid, until all duties payable thereon shall have been paid, nor until a proper voucher from the proper officer of the revenue at the respective pens where such tobacco shall be so warehoused, shall be deposited with the officer or officers in whose custc* dy such tobacco shall then be, which voucher shall be directed to such officer or officers, and shall ascertain all such duties to have been paid for such tobacco.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any tobacco, put into such warehouses, shall be destroyed by fiic, during the time it shall remain in the said

VfL. XVI. C c v.avefinufcs,

102 The thirty-second Year of George III.

A.D.

varchouses, the born) entered into on warehousing such tobacco, shall be difehr.r^ed 1792. for f° much thereof as shall appear to the satisfaction of the commissioncis of the Chap. 7. revenue, or any three or more of them, to have been so destroyed.

XIII. Ami whereas great frauds may arile to the revenue, by warehousing tobacco in ports where there are not, or shall not he a sufficient number of officers to attend the fame: be it enaelul, That no importer of tobacco at any port, except tie ports of Dublin, Drogheda, Dundalk, Ncvry, Ijcifall, Galway, Limerick, Londonderry, Cork, *\Vatcrford and Wexford, fiiull be entitled to have the fame lodged in a ware-house, or take any benefit b\ \irtuc of any tiling in this act contained, in respect of wnrelioufing or bonding the same.

XIV. And be it enacted, That it shall net be lawful to import any tobacco at any place or port, save such places or ports where tobacco may be uaiciiouled by virtue of tins act, and if any inip or vessel fhjdl be found within the limits of any other port, haven or creek within this kingdom, having tobacco on board in any packages whatsoever, or shall be discoverul so to have been, f.ive only and except in case of unavoidable necessity and dillrcfs, of which never,ty :.nd distress die mailer, pwrfev, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall immediately after the arrival of such ship or vessel in such port, haven, or creek, give notice in writing, and make proof before the collector or other chief officer of the revenue, vefldent at the neared port where such ship or vessel shall arrive, such ship or vessel, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition, and apparel, and also the said tobacco shall be forfeited.

XV. And be it enacted, That no tobacco, except the produce of Great Britain, North America, or of the Britishi plantations, shall be imported into this kingdom, upon pain of forfeiting of all such tobacco, and treble the value thereof, together with the ship or vessel in which the same shall be imported, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition, and apparel.

XVI. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend or lie construed to extend to authorize the importation of any such tobacco into this kingdom from airy place, save from Great Britain, or from the place of the growth of such tobacco.

XVII. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful to import into this kingdom any tobacco manufactured, except fuufT, and if any manufactured tobacco, except snuff, shall be imported into any bay, port, harbour, haven, river, or creek in this kingdom, or if any ship, vessel, or boat shall tie found within four leagues of the shore of this kingdom, or shall he discovered so to have been, with any ma-tiufactured tobacco, except snuff, on board any such ship, vessel, or lioat, or if any such ship, vessel, or boat shall have had any such maim featured tobacco, except snuff, on board, although such tobacco shall not be actually found on board such ship, vessel, or boat, upon proof made, that such manufactured tobacco had been on beard such ship, vessel, or boat in any bay, port, harbour, haven, river, or creek in this kingdom, or within four leagues of the {hoic of this kingdom, then, and in every such case respectively, every such ship, vessel, or boat, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition, and apparel shall be forfeited, as also all such ma-nufactured tobacco as shall be found on board such ship, veil'd, or boat, and die packages containing the fame, save only, and except in case of unavoidable necessity and distress, of which necessity and distress the mailer, jiurfer, or person having or taking the charge or command of such ship, vessel, or boat, shall immediately after the arrival of such ship, vessel, cr boat into any bay, port, harbour, haven, river, or creek of this kingdom, give notice in writing, and make proof before die collector or other chief officer of the revenue, resident at the port nearest to the place where such ship, vessel, or boat shall arrive.

6

Tie thirty-Jcand Year of George III. 10

XVIII. And be it enacted, That no tobacco, either manufactured, or unmanu- f\t ]) fattured, shall lie entered or shipped for exportation in any ship or vessel whntfo- \ -qj. ever, unless such ship or vessel shall be of the Inn-then of one hundred and fifty 7.

tons or upwards; and it shall and may be lawful for any officer or officers of the v— revenue, to flop and detain any flop or veil'd having tobacco on board, and the whole cargo laden on board fitch ship or vessel, until he or they shall cause such ship or vessel to lie admeasured; and if it shall appear by fitch admcafiircment, that any such ship or vessel it not of the burthen of one hundred and fifty tons, such fiiip or vessel, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition, and apparel, together with such tobacco as shall lie laden on heard such ship or vessel shall be forfeited; and if it shall appear by such admeasuremem that any such ship or vessel is of the burthen of one hundred and fifty tons or upwards, and under the burthen of one hundred and eighty tons, the officer or officers so flopping and detaining such fiiip or vessel as aforesaid, shall not be subject or liable to any action for damages occasioned by such stoppageaml detention.

XIX. And be it emitted, That where any ship or vessel whatsoever, under the burthen of one hundred and fifty tons, having on board one hundred pounds of tobacco, or fifty pounds weight of snuff, shall be found at anchor, or within the limits of any of the ports of this kingdom, or within four leagues of the snore thereof, or shall he discovered so to have been, unless in case of unavoidable nc-ceffity and distress, of which necessity and distress, the matter, purser, or other person having, or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall give notice in writing to, and make proof of the fame, before the collector or other chief officer of the revenue, resident at the nenrett port to the place where such ship or vessel shall arrive; every such ship or vessel, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition and apparel, and also all such tobacco and fnuflP as shall be found on hoard such ship or vessel shall be forfeited and confifeated, together with the packages containing the same.

XX. Provided always, That it shall and may he lawful to and for the commissioners of Jus Majesty's revenue, or any three or more of them, to grant a license under their hands and seals, for the importing tobacco into this kingdom, in any ship or vessel under the burthen of one hundred and fifty tons: provided also, that every such license shall contain the name of such ship or vessel so to lie ficensed, the name of the matter or commander, and owner thereof, the quantity of the tobacco intended to be imported in such ship or vessel, the name of the owner of such tobacco, and that of the person to whom the same shall be consigned, and the port into which such tobacco is intended to be brought.

XXI. And be it enacted, That if any ship or vessel shall be found with tobacco on board such ship or vessel within the limits of any port of this kingdom, or within four leagues of the coast thereof, and it shall appear that hulk shall have been broken, or that any tobacco shall have been taken or delivered out of such ship or vessel, after such ship or vessel shall have left the port or place where such ship or vessel had taken on board such tobacco, in every such case, it shall he deemed and taken that such tobacco which shall have been so taken or delivered out of such ship or vessel, was landed in this kingdom- without entry or payment of the duties payable for the fame; unless it shall appear that such tobacco had been landed in fume other country; and if landed in any part of his Majesty's dominions, that such tobacco had been duly entered, and that the duties payable on the fame had been paid

XXII. And to prevent the clandestine importation of tobacco, be it enacted, That if any tobacco Avail be clandestinely imported, or secretly brought into this kingdom without due entry and payment of the duties chargeable thereupon, the ship,

C c 2 veil'd,

104 27>£

The thirty-second Year of George III.

A.D.

ve*c^ or k°at> ‘n fame shall be so clandestinely imported, with all the

1792. tac^c’» furniture, ammunition and apparel thereunto belonging, and also all

ChiJp 7 such tobacco shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer of the revenue *, and ill case such veffd or goods cannot be seized, the matter or other person having charge of the vefid in which such goods shall have been so imported or brought, shall forfeit the value thereof.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case where any forfeitures are created in respect of, or drawbacks disallowed for any tobacco in packages under five bundled pounds weight, or in packages under four hundred and fifty pounds weight, by any law heretofore made in this kingdom, no forfeitures shall be incurred 011 account of any such package not being of the weight of four hundred and fifty pounds, or any drawback refused on exportation thereof from this kingdom on that account; provided the same shall contain four hundred and twenty-five pounds weight, any tiling in any law to die contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That all bonds to be given pursuanr to this act, shall be deemed and taken to be due and payable immediately upon the day mentioned in the condition of the fatal bond for die payment thereof, and that interest at the rate of six pounds per centum per a/mutH, which interest is hereby declared to he a charge on such tobacco, shall be paid to the crown on all such bonds; such interest: to be computed from the day the bond shall become due unto the day whereon it shall be paid off ir. money, or the day the searcher certifies upon the debenture, that die tobacco was flftpped for exportation; the amount of such bond to be payable as aforef.-Jii, notwithstanding such tobacco shall remain une.vpcrted, and although the time limited by law for rlie drawback oil exportation shall not be expired, and no such feennty lhatt be vacated until all such interest shall be paid thereon.

XXV. And be it enacted, That no allowance shall be made to the importer :n consideration of any damaged or mean tobacco, cither at the scale or otherwifs; but in case any person shall refuse to enter such tobacco, and to pay or secure the duties aforesaid for such tobacco, then he, file, or they, shall have liberty to refuse to enter and pay duty for the fame, or to separntc such damaged tobacco, by cutting off from the hogflicad or other package so much thereof as he, flic, or they shall refuse to pay or secure duty for; and the principal officers of the revenue rc-fident at the port where such damaged tobacco shall be landed, cr any two or more of them, shall cause such tobacco to be burned, or otherwise destroyed, without making any allowance to such importer for freight or other charges, other than the allowances herein provided for, any law or custom to the contrary notwithstandtllg 5 provided always, that no person shall have liberty to separate the stalk from the leaf, on pretence that the fame is damaged or mean tobacco.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That no drawback shall be allowed for any tobacco /talks or stems, exported by themselves, when they have been, or shall be separated from the leaf, any law to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That die landv/altcr appointed for the delivery of every ship or vessel, arriving at any port or place in this kingdom, and having tobacco on board, is hereby authorized and required upon the landing of any such tobacco, to cause such landing mark to be fixed and set upon every liogfltcad, calk, chest, or other package whatsoever containing the fame, as shall be directed by the commissioners of cite revenue, or any three of them; and flsaH also enter every such landing mark in their several books, on pain of forfeiting the sum of fifty pounds j and the proper ollicers of the revenue respectively, shall in like manner upon the exportation of any tobacco from this kingdom, cause such export mark to be fixed and set upon every hogflicad, calk, chest, or other package whatsoever containing the fame, as shall be directed by the commissioners of the revenue, cr

The thirty-found Tour cf George III. 105

my tlj'CC of them, and null ahb enter e\cry inch export maik in their several A. J), books, on pain of forfeiting -fifty pound;. i yg2.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That no debenture iVH be granted for any tobacco Chap. 7, imported into (his kir^doni, nor any drawback be mu! or allowed for the fame, u~— when exported or enttted outwards lor CApovutior. to ,*uv part cr parrs beyond the leas, unless the fame, and every parr thereof, if it he in leaf and unmanufactured,

{ball be shipped and exported from the same port or place at which such tobacco was at firrt imported into this kingdom, and no other *, and ahe, unk'U the lame tobacco if umnamifactuycd, and every part thereof, be flipped and exported in the original package, in which, and with the fame'marks thereon with which it was at iirlt imported into this kingdom, together with the landing mark and export mark herein required to be placed and set thereupon, and no other, without any alteration wlnitsoever being made in the package, except such as shall he occasioned by neccfiltry cooperage, for the repair of such package or any other tobacco being put therein, or any part of the tobacco being removed, or taken out of the package in winch it was at first imported, except only ten pounds weight of tobacco, which shall be allowed to be taken out of every liogfliead, calk, chcil, or case, after the same shall have been weighed at importation *, and if any person shall enter any unmanufactured tobacco for exportation, at any other port or place, than that at which the fame was imported, or in any other hogshead, calk, chrft, case, or ether package, than the fame in which such unmanufactured tobacco was originally imported, or without the (limc>mark$ or numbers, and fuel) landing and expoit mark:;,

-all such tobacco shall be forfeited, and no drawback thereupon shall he paid; cv if any shall have been paid, the same shall be repaid, and the person who entered ot eaufed the same to be entered, shall forfeit the 'sum of two hundred pounds 5 and if any person shall ship for exportation any hoglhcad, chert, calk, case, or other package of tobacco, out of which more than ten pounds weight of tobacco shall have been taken for samples, he, flic, or they so offending, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds for every such hoglhcad, or other package of tobacco so (Lipped fer exportation.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no tobacco shall be imported or brought into tins kingdom, in any package whatsoever, other than in hoglhcads, calks,

cherts or v, ooden -cases, every such hoglhcad, calk, chert or case, to contain four hundred and twenty-five pounds net weight of tobacco at the least, under pain of forfeiting all such tobacco as fl.all he imported othevwife than as aforesaid, together with the hoglhcads, calks, cherts, cases, and other packages containing the same.

XXX. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That when any unmanufactured tobacco shall be imported in hoglhcads calks, cherts, or wooden cases as aforesaid Into this kingdom, if upon landing and examination thereof, it shall appear that the tobacco contained in any such hoglhcads, cherts, wooden cases or calks, is so much ’damaged, that by cutting off the damaged part thereof for which no duty is paid, the found tobacco remaining in any such hogsheads, cherts, calks, or wooden cases, for which duty is to-be paid, is under the weight of four hundred and twenty-five pounds, then, and in such case, it shall umVmay be lawful for the importer or importers thereof, in the presence of the land*v/aiter appointed, to deliver the ship in which the fame was imported, to cause all such found tobacco to be put together in one or more of such hogsheads, cherts, cafles, or wooden cases, out of which the damaged tobacco was taken; and the said land-waiter or other proper officer, is hereby directed and required to enter in their respective books, the true and exa£l weight of all such found tobacco put into every such hoglhcad, cheti,

calk, or wooden case, with the several and respective marks and numbers set on

Vol. XVI. D J every

io6

The thirtj-second Year of Georgii III.

£) every facti hogfiicad, chest, case, or wooden case, and rJfo to specify in their

other, at which they were originally imported; and debentures shall he made out, and the drawback b* paid for the tobacco therein contained, provided the quantity of the tobacco in every such hogfiicad, chert, calk, or wooden case, dial I amount to four hundred and twenty-five pounds weight or mere, in the same manner and form, and under the fame restrictions as if the package of such tobacco had not been altered, r.nv thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That any person who shall enter any unmanufactured tobacco outwards, at any port or place in this kingdom, in order to be shipped and exported in any ship or vessel whatsoever, to any part or parts beyond the seas, shall, before the fame or any part thereof shall be laden on board any ship or vefld to be exported, deliver to the furvtyor or landwaitcr appointed to examine tobacco shipped for exportation, an account in writing, in a fair, distinct, and legible manner, signed by the person or persons exporting such tobacco, and containing the mark and number contained in the mantfert, which was upon every hogflicad, calk, died, or other package of such tobacco, at the time when the fame was first imported into this kingdom, and also the landing mark and number which was placed and set upon every hogfiicad, calk, chert, or wooden case thereof, when the fame was firrt landed in this kingdom, together with the ex-aft weight that every hogshead, calk, chert, or wooden case, with the tobacco therein contained, was at the time of its being landed in this kingdom, and also the particular mark and number set upon every such lioglhead, calk, chert, or wooden case,»by the exporter or exporters thereof, at the time the same shall be brought to the water-fule to be shipped for exportation; a duplicate of which account, signed in the like manner, shall be lodged with the collector of the port from which such-tobacco shall be exported; which account shall be filed by every such collector in his office, and a copy of it entered in a book, to be by him kept :for that purpose; and the surveyor or land-waiter appointed to examine such tobacco on cxpoitation, shall weigh the fame, and endorse on the cocket, a true copy of such account, ami the weight of such tobacco at the time of exportation, s.nd sign the fame, and no officer shall admit any cocket, unless endorsed and signed as aforesaid; and every exporter of tobacco shall also write oft* the weight of each hogshead, calk, chert, or case of unmanufactured tobacco, by him, her, or them shipped for exportation, from any part of this kingdom, from the entry made of every hogfiicad, chest, calk, or case of such unmanufactured tobacco, at the time when it was first imported; and if any person who shall enter outwards for exportation, from any port of this kingdom, any unmanufactured tobacco, shall neglect or refuse to give in such accounts respectively as aforesaid, every person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five pounds for every hogshead, calk, chert, or other package of such unmanufactured tobacco; and no drawback or debenture for, or on account of the exportation thereof, shall be made out, granted or paid.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That every person who shall import any tobacco into this kingdom, and who shall in any wise manufacture the fame, or any part thereof, upon Ids, her, or their own account or accounts, or cause or procure the fame, or any part thereof, to be manufactured for his, her, or their own account or accounts, by any other person, shall, before the fame, or any part there- ii be manufactured by the importer or importers, or shall be delivered out by the

The thirty-second Year of George III.

importer or importers to any other prior, to be r.iamtlac’.urcJ for the acccutt: of fuclt importer or importers, deliver to the cotie. 'i r or other chief officer ct the revenue, at the port where such tobacco w.:< Importul, an account in utitinp, com lining the mark and number, as fptxthed its the marotetl to' every iurn i.egf-head, call:, chell, or other package of tub..cco intended to be manufactured, vtitli the name of the ilup or Anns in v. inch, end tl*: time when the tobacco f;> intended to he manufactured was imported; aiU) itic landing mark and uumb.r set on each hogshead, calk, chefi, or case, at the time of their impoiution into this kingdom: and also the exactc weight which every hogshead, calk, chefi, or rale, and the tobacco therein contained were of at the time of their being hrlt landed in this kingdom, and the exact weight the fame were of at the time of the delivery of such tobacco to he manufactured $ which account shall be signed hv such importer or importers, or one of his, her, or their known clerks; and also by the person or persons to whom such tobacco shall be delivered to be manufactured, or by one of his, her, or their known clerks, with their several and respective names, and places of abode; and such importer and importers shall, at the time of the delivering in such accounts as aforesaid, write off from the entries made at the time or times at which the tobacco contained in such accounts was imported, the weight of every hogshead, calk, chefi, or case contained in such account of tobacco intended to be manufactured as aforesaid, in the same manner and form as if the lame tobacco had been delivered for exportation; and in case any importer or importers of tobacco, shall neglect to give in such account as aforesaid, at the time, and in such manner and form in all respects as is herein directed and required, or in case such account shall be false or fraudulent in any respect whatsoever, he, (lie, or they offending in any of the cases aforesaid, shall forfeit the sum of thirty pounds for every hogshead, case, chefi, or case of tobacco, an account of which shall be omitted to be given as herein directed, or of which a wrong account shall be given.; and the person or persons to whom such tabacco shall have been delivered to be manufactured, neglecting to sign by firm, her, or themselves, or by his, her, or their known clerk, such account as aforesaid, or signing any false or fraudulent account, shall also forfeit the sum of fifty pounds for every such hogshead, calk, chefi, or case of tobacco, of which no account, or of which a false or fraudulent account shall be given.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That no wholesale importer of tobacco shall fell or deliver any tobacco to any manufacturer, or other person, but in the package wherein‘the fame was imported, except as herein after excepted, nor lei's than one hogshead or package at any time, and in such manner and form as the fame was, or shall have been discharged at the custom-house, under the penalty of twenty

pounds for every such offence.

XXXIV. Provided always, That if It shall happen that such tobacco shall receive any damage, after having been discharged by the proper officer, whereby it shall be absolutely necessary to unpack and alter the package thereof, that then, and in such case, the importer or other person, in whose custody such tobacco so damaged shall remain, after the fame hath been discharged at the custom-house, shall, within twelve hours before he or she shall unpack any part of the said tobacco, give notice in writing to the surveyor, gauger, or other officer of the walk, or czufe the same to.be left at the usual place of residence of such officer, signifying his or her intention to unpack the said tobacco, and to separate the damaged from the found tobacco, or to-cure the fame; and that thereupon such officer do, and shall upon pain of being dismissed from his employment, for any negletl in so doing, attend at the hour or time, and place appointed for the unpacking such tobacco; such hour* to be between the hours of ten o’clock in the forenoon, and of three o’clock in the afternoon, and that the importer or other person, in whose custody

Dd 2 such

IO7

A.D. 1792. Chap. 7.

io2 The thirty-second Year of George III.

fa, D. fad* tobacco shall tlcn remain, or to whom the same shall belong, shall male 1 jo2. oath that he or she verily believes it is necessary for the curing of the tobacco so

Chap. 7. damaged, and for the preservation of the remainder thereof, to unpack the fame, --v'-—/ (which OAiii the said officer is hereby empowered to administer,) and upon such persons making such oath as aforesaid, the said officer shall compare the package or packages to Ijj unpacked, with the aforesaid certificate thereof, in such person’s possession, and if the said packages agree with the said certificate, that then the £iid officers fliuil attend the unpacking them, and after the same shall be unpacked, and the damaged tobacco fevered from the found tobacco, the found part shall be, in the presence of such officer, immediately weighed and repacked in clofc packages, not less than four hundred and twenty-five pounds weight each, if the entire quantity so to be repacked, shall amount to so much, and the same shall not be again unpacked, but on the like necessity, or for manufacturing the fame; and that if such damaged tobacco be intended to be cured, that then the same shall be weighed every ftcoiul day until repacked in manner aforesaid, provided the entire quantity Audi amount to four hundred and twenty-five pounds weight, and if under that weight, the same shall be packed in one separate calk; and such importer of such tobacco, or person in whose custody the same shall remain, shall, on demand of such officer as aforesaid, weigh or cause to be weighed and packed such tobacco in manner aforesaid, and shall not unpack in any one day, more of such tobacco than can be repacked on the fame day, and that such officer shall put such mark and number on the package so repacked, as he shall think fit, for distinguishing the fame, by which mark and number the same shall be fold and certified for by such importer, or other person as aforesaid; and that such officer Hull, on such person’s certificate of his flock, endorse or enter‘the alteration of package, and particularly describe the fame, with the new marks and numbers put thereon, and shall enter the alterations so made in such officer’s book, in the presence of such importer, or such other person as aforesaid, or of such person who Hull attend on their behalf respt&ivdy.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That- every person who {lull import any tobacco into this k:\c;len, and.{lull fell or deliver the fame, or any part thereof, to any person, tkvdl uiihin fourteen days after the delivery thereof, out of his, her, or their custody to the purchasers thereof, or to their order, or for their use, give ami deliver to the collector or other chief officer of the revenue, at the port or place where such tobacco was imported, an account in writing, containing the mark and number, as specified in the manifest, of every hogshead, calk, chefl, or other package of tobacco, so fold or delivered, with the name of the ship cr ffiips in which such tobacco so fold and delivered ivas imported, and the times when, and also the landing mark and number set on every l.oglhead, calk, or case, at the time of their importation into this kingdom, with the exact weight which each of such hogfhtads, calks, chests, or cases, and the tobacco therein contained, were of at the time of their being first landed-in this kingdom; and aifa the exact might thereof, at the time of the sale or delivery to the purclufer or purchasers thereof; which account Hull be signed by such importer or importers, or one of his, her, or their known clerks, and also by such person or persons to whom such tobacco, shall be fold or delivered, or one of his, her, or their known . clerks, to which said several signatures shall be. added, the places of abode of such purchrtfers, importers, or other persons so signing such accounts; and such importer or importers shall at the time of their delivering in such accounts as aforesaid, write oft* from the entries made at the time or times at which the tobacco contained in such account was imported, and against every particular ship in which the fame was imported, the weight of each particular hogshead, calk, chest, or v.iic of icbacco contained in such account, in the same manner and form as if such r tobacco

1

The thirty-second Year of George I'll.

tobacco had been delivered for exportation 5 and in case any importer or importers A. of tobacco shall neglect to give in such account ns aforesaid, at the time and in j such manner and form in all respects, and to ail intents and purposes as i$ herein Cha directed, or in case such account shall at the time the fame is given in, or at any 1——> time afterwards appear to be false or fraudulent in any respect whatsoever, lie,

{lie, or they offending in any of the cases aforesaid, shall forfeit the sum of thirty pounds for every hogshend, calk, chest, or other package of tobacco, an account of which shall be omitted to be given ’in such manner as is herein directed, or of which a false or fraudulent account shall be given, and the person or prisons to whom or to whose order, or for whose use such tobacco shall have been fold or delivered, neglecting to sign by him, her, or tl.cmselves, or by his, her, or their known clerk, such account as aforesaid, or signing cr causing to be signed any false or fraudulent account, shall also forfeit the sum of thirty pounds for every such hogshead, calk, chest, or ether package of tobacco, of which no account, or of which a false or fraudulent account is given.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enr.ci.ed, That in case any such tobacco shall before landing thereof, receive any damage, it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners, or any one of them, or the collector or other chief

oQicer of the revenue, at the port wherein such tobacco shall be landed, to pay to the importer at the rate of one halfpenny for every pound of such tobacco, for which the importer shall refuse, to pay, or secure the full duties, and which shall be cut oft, or fepsrated from the found tobacco, in order to be burned or otherwise destroyed by the officers of the revenue, so as such allowance shall not exceed thirty shillings fur all the tobacco damaged in any one hogshead Imported, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no drawback shall be allowed on any tobacco exported in any package, if unmanufacturecd, containing less than four hundred and twenty-five pounds weight, and if manufactured, containing less tlun two hundred pounds weight, any thing herein continued to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That no tobacco, nor tobacco (talks, or fnuft, exceeding in quantity four pounds weight, shall be conveyed or carried by laud or by water from any port or place in this kingdom, to any other port or place in this kingdom, or from any place within any port in this kingdom, to any other place within the same port, in any hogshead, caflc, chest, case, or other package, unfrf* such hogshead, calk, chest, case, or other package, be marked on the outside with the respective words, tobacco, tobacco (talks, or fnuft, in letters not less than three inches in length, upon pain of forfeiting all such tobacco, tobacco ftaiks, or fnuft, with the package thereof.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That no tobacco manufactured or unmanufactured, or fnuft, which shall have been removed from the port or place of importation, or from any other port cr place in this kingdom, to any other port or place in the fame, shall be returned or fcr.t back to such port or place from whence the fame was or were before removed cr sent, upon any pretence wlnusoever, without leave being first had and obtained for that purpose from the commissioner. of the revenue, or any three or more of them, and without a special certificate to be granted to accompany the fame, in such manner and ft nn, and by such person and persons as the said commissioners respectively shall think proper to appoint, upon pain of forfeiture thereof, together with the horses, cattle, carriages, vefi.ls cr beats, made use of in the removal cr conveyance of the same.

XL. And be it enacted, That for the better regulation of the tobacco trade, and of the manufacture of tobacco, no person shall m-mufacture any tobacco int i roll, pig.ui!, fnuft, or otherwise, or deal in unmanufactured tobacco, except m

The thirty Jeccud Year of George III.

an wholefnle importer only, or an wholesale merchant only, without first taking out a license'for the fame, signed by one of the commissioners of the revenue.; find that no person dealing in tobacco as a wholesale-merchant, not being the importer of such tobacco, shall so deal therein without first taking out a license in manner aforesaid,‘for each of which licenses shall be paid a 'fee of two Dulling*, and no more; tfn'd If any person shall mnnufy&ure any tobacco, or deal in the same as aforesaid, without'having taken out such license respc£Uvely as aforesaid, he or lbs shall forfeit the sum of three hundred pounds.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no license-shall be granted to any person to manufacture, or Dull authorize any person to manufacture tobacco in any place in this kingdom, other than'in such place where by law tobacco may tLc warehoused, or in the Ihirc-rowns of counties, in the 'Counties of cities, and counties of towns, and such other towns in the several diflticls of this kingdom., ill which collectors of the revenue rtfided on the twenty-fifth day of MaTch, in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, or where they now reside; and also such town from which any district takes its name, or where surveyors of ex-cifd areresident, unfefs such license be signed by three of the said commissionersj atld all unniatiufii£lured tobacco kept in any house, fiorc-house, or other place, not belonging to the person licensed to manufacture tobacco in such place, situate in any other part of this kingdom j and all tobacco prefles, tobacco tables, tobacco spinning whcdls, and fnulF mills, and all other -utensils for manufacturing tobacco, found in any part of this kingdom, other than as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, and the person or persons in whose pefleflion any such tobacco table,.press, wheel, fnuflmiil, or other utensil for manuf.ufturing tobacco shall be found, shall forfeit dhe sum of one hundred pounds, ami no permit shall be granted for the conveying of unmanufactured tobacco to any place, other than,places where persons may be licensed tomamifaflure tobacco.

XLII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That -persons in partnership, and carrying on the trade or business of manufacturing tobacco in one house only, shall not be obliged to take out more than one license, and that no one license which Audi be granted by virtue of (Ins att, shall authorize or impower any person or persons to whom the same shall be granted, to manufacture tobacco in any other house than such one house, and the working-places thereunto adjoining, as shall be mentioned in such license, r.nd.in the entry to be made thereof with the collector, in pursuance of this act.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That every person licensed to manufacture or retail tobacco, shall hav^, or cause to be painted on a board with letters open, to view and legible, at least an inch long, in white upon a black ground, or in' black on a white ground, his, her, or their name and surname, or names and surnames at full length, and the words, Ikenftd to nn.nnjaclurc^ cr retail hbr.ccc, as the case may be, and Hull affix the fame on some coofpicuous place on the outside of the front of his, her, or their house, not more than three feet distance from the top of the shop door, or street door of such house, and prefer* e and keep up the fame during the time he, flic, or they Hull continue to manufacture, retail or deal in tobacco, or in default thereof shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That every collector who shall grant a license to any person to manufacture, or otherwise deal in tobacco as aforesaid, shall, at the tin.e of granting such license, give to the person obtaining die fame, a certificate thereof, which certificate shall, at every time the person or persons so licensed shall purchase any unmanufactured tobacco from any importer of tobacco, or person licensed to deal in unmanufactured tobacco, be produced to such importer, or person licensed as aforesaidj who shall endorie on such certificate, the number cf hogsheads fold,

The shirly-Jemi Year of George III.

also the marks, numbers, and weight upon each hogshead, the place where, and /V time when, the name of the ship in which the fame was imported, and the time j

when the duty thereon was paid, and the name of the person to whom the fame q

shall be fold, and the time of such sale; and such importer, or his known clerk, shall Hgn such endorsement, and such certificate, with inch endorsement as aforesaid, shall be produced to the proper; officer for granting permits, before such officer fh.il! grant a permit for such tobacco; and such officer shall, at the time of granting every such pi mit, specify on such endorsement the date ami number of the permit, and the place where the same shall be granted, and Hgn his name thereto, and in case any-unmanufactured tobacco shall be sold by any person licensed to manufacture tobacco, or deal in the same as aforesaid, to any other person licensed to mr.-nufacture tobacco, or deal in die fame as aforesaid, the officer for granting a permit for conveying the fame, to die person buying the fame, shall ciulorfc on the certificate of the feller of such tobacco, the time of granting such permit, and to whom the fame was granted *, and upon every transfer the fame reejmfitos shall be performed as are directed upon the first falc of the importer; and every such manufacturer or dealer in tobacco shall, oil every twenty-fifth day of March, twenty-fourth day of June, twenty-ninth day of September, and twenty-fifth day of December, or within ten days after the said days respectively, return to the collector of the distrifl in which he or flic shall reside, such certificate, together with all endowments nude thereon, and every such collector shall., upon receiving such certificate, with such endowments-thereon, give a new certificate to the person who shall be so licensed j and such manufacturer or dealer shall, on every twenty-fifth day of March, or within ten days after, deliver to such collector, the certificate by him or her received as aforesaid, with all endowments made thereon,; and if any such person Anil omit to deliver up any such certificate at the respective times aforesaid, he or flic shall forfeit for every such offience, the sum of one hundred pounds; and in case die paper on which any such certificate shall be granted, shall before any of the days on which the fame is hereby required to be returned, be filled up by the endorse-ments herein directed to be made thereon, then and in every such case, every such collector shall, upon such manufacturer or other dealer as aforesaid, delivering up to him any such certificate so by him granted, with such endorsements tlicrcon, grant unto such manufacturer or dealer as aforesaid, a new certificate, on which such account of all tobacco to be pttrehafed by him in such manner, and within such times reflectively as aforesaid, shall be enderfed as sforcftud; and every such collector shall, upon receiving from such manufacturer or dealer ns aforesaid, any such certificate with such endorsements thereon, enter the fame in a hook, to be kept by him for that purpose, and forthwith tvansmit every such certificate, with the endorsements thereon, to the j-egifter general of tobacco, for the time bc-ing.

XLV. And be it enacted, That if any person so licensed shall not, on demand made by any officer of the revenue, produce to such officer such certificate, with the endorsements which shall have been made thereon, or not fuffier sue’i officer to inspe.ct and examine the fame, then such person so licensed shall, for every such neglect or refusal, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds; and in case any endorsement made on such certificate, fiuill appear to the commissioners of the revenue, or any three of them, to have l. c.-n evafed, obliterated, or fraudulently altered, then if shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners, or any ihrce of them, to annul or vacate the license granted to the person or persons whose certificate shall have been era fed, obliterated, cr fraudulently altered; and every person to whom such crafed, obliterated, or -altered certificate shall hav, b:ui granted, shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pnur.ds.

XI, VI. And

The thirty-second Year of George III.

A.D. 1792. Chan. 7.

XLVI. And be it emitted, That a!I tobacco manuffittureJ or unroanuffittured, of what qu.iiity or species soever, and all fiiufl* above the weight of four pounds, that be carried and com eyed from any cne place in this kingdom to ancther, as well fioni one part of a city or town, to another part of such city or town, as from any city or town, to any other part of the kingdem, shall and may be lVh'.ed by any officer, of his Majest.y’s revenue, and shall be deemed and taken to be fning-.gled goods, and forfeited as such, together with the farcies, cart, car, cr ether carriage drawing or carrying the fume, unless the currier or person conveying the fame, shall produce a permit given by the proper officer of the revenue, fer die carriage of

i’idi tobacco or fuufi, upon demand by any such officer.

XL,

VII. And be it enacted, That no unmanufactured or manufactured tobacco, nbacco-lhlks, or snuff, exceeding in quantity four pounds weight in the whole, uitheugh in separate packages, shall be conveyed either by land or by water, at any one and the same time, by any one and die fame carriage cr conveyance, and di-retted to one and the same person, or to diuerent persons in cne and the fame purtnership in trade, without a permit being first obtained from the proper officer of the place from whence such tobacco, tobacco (talks, cr fnuiT, shall be removed, which permit shall accompany the same to die place to which the fame is to be conveyed

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That all tobacco and fnu:T found in the pefleffien of any buyer or retailer cf manufactured tobacco, for which a permit or certificate, as the case may be, of force sufficient to protect the fame, shall not be produced, fiiail be forfeited, and die person in Vthefe pefiession the fame.shall be found, Jh.dl forfeit five shillings for every pound weigh: thereof.

XLIa. Provided always, That if such buyer or retailer of manufactured tobacco cr fnuffi, fiiail produce a permit or certificate for any such tobacco or ftmlf so found in his or her possession, it shall and may be lawful for any officer of the revenue to administer an oath to such buyer or retailer of manufactured tobacco, that such tobacco is the identical tobacco which had beer, received with such permit, or with the permit on which such certificate was granted, and that such permit or certificate, to the belt of the knowledge of such buyer or retailer of tobacco, had not been made use of to cover or protect any other tobacco whatsoever; ami if such buyer or retailer of tobacco shall refuse to take such oath as aforesaid, all such tobacco for which such permit or certificate fiiail be produced, fiiail be forfeited, and may he seized, and the person in whose possession the fame fiiail be found, (lrail forfeit live shillings for every pound weight thereof, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

I. And whereas it would tend to prevent the sale of finuggled tobacco, if no tobacco was permitted to be sold under a price or rate which would enable the importer, manufacturer, or dealer in tobacco, to pay his Majesty's duties, and have a reasonablo profit: be it therefore enacted, That all contracts, premises, notes, bills, bonds, judgments, or ether securities, given or executed, by any person where the whole, or any part of the consideration of any such contratt, promise, or security, Hull be for any tobacco in leaf, or manufattuxed, which if unmar.ufattured, fiiail have been sold at a less price than at the rate cf seven pence for each pound weight ‘.thereof; and which if manufactured, fiiail have been fold for a less price than at the rate of thirteen pence for ea 'll pound weight thereof, or for any tobacco with which such permit as herein mentioned fiiail not have been granted, "fiiail be utterly null and void; and no suit fiiail be maintainable thereon in any court of law cr equity.

LI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any such tobacco shall be sold for ready money, at any lower price than the respective rates aforesaid by the

The thirty-second Year of George III.

J,3

pound, if shall and may be lawful for the person or persons buying or purchasing A.D. such tobacco, to recover from the seller or sellers thereof, a sum equal to the full 1792. amount of such tobacco so sold as aforesaid, to be fucd for, and recovered by civil Chap. 7. hill, in a court of proper jurisdiction. —v—*

LII. And be it enacted, That all tobacco taken out of any original package, shall be deemed tobacco taken out of such package for the jmrpose of manufacturing the fame; and if any manufacturer of, or dealer in tobacco, shall open any package of tobacco for die purpose of taking any tobacco out of such package, except in the presence of the proper officer of excise, or after twenty-four hours previous notice thereof having been given to such officer to attend, and his neglecting to attend pursuant thereto, in which notice shall be expressed, the package or packages which is, or are intended to be opened, every such person ft all for every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds; and such manufacturer or retailer, or some person on his or her behalf, shall {hew such officer out of what package of tobacco, in his or her (lock, he -or {he intends to take the fame 5 anti shall in the presence of such officer weigh every parcel, from time to time taken out *of any such package; and specify in writing the quantity >of each parcel intended to be put in case, and quantity intended for cane, pig-tail, cut, and snuff, and weigh every such paraCj

before any part thereof shall be wetor put in case, or shall be stripped from the* ,yr \

{talk, or spun, or in default thereof, such manufacturer shall forfeit the sum w ’.twenty pounds for every such offence. I- sv'T.

LIII. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for every such manufa\-

turer of, or dealer in tobacco, ’to take out of any such package any quantity

tobacco, not exceeding two pounds -in weight for samples, and for no other purpose.

LIV. And be it Further ennCied, That every person manufacturing tobacco, shall cause to be branded or painted -on every tabic, with or without a spinning wheel, which shall be kept by him-or her, or be in his or her possession for the purpose of spinning tobacco, or on which tobacco may be spun, and on a conspicuous part thereof, also on each and every wheel used with each such tabic, his or her name and surname, and die number of the table, beginning with number one, and proceeding in the common arithmetical progression, until every such tabic shall be numbered-; and every such person in whose possession shall be found any table for the purpose of spinning tobacco, or-on which tobacco may be spun, or any wheel which shall not have been so branded or painted, or on which the fame number shall be branded or painted, if two or *more of such ‘tables shall be branded or painted with a similar number, shall forfeit for every such table or wheel, the sum of twenty pounds; and every such -table and wheel shall be forfeited, and may be 'seized by any officer of the revenue.

LV. And be it enacted, That every person manufacturing tobacco, shall before any license for -manufacturing the fame be granted, make true and particular entry iin writing, under his, her, or their hand or hands, or under the hand of his, her, or their known clerk, with the collector of the district in which he, flic, or they shall rcfulc., of every tobacco table, and the number of wheels and spindlcs for spinning tobacco thereunto belonging; and of every tobacco press, and snuff mill, kept by him, her, or them; and also of all houses, work-houses, fliops, rooms, cellars, vaults, and other places, by him, her, or them, respectively intended to be made use of for the manufacturing, keeping, or felling of tobacco, or snuff, distinguishing the places where such tobacco table, tables and wheels, tobacco prefles, and snuff mills, are respectively intended to be kept; and shall tender to such collector a duplicate of such entry; and such collector shall at the foot thereof certify that the fame is a duplicate of the entry made with him; and the same shall in all cases

Vol. XVL Ff be

The thirty-second Year of George III.

be evidence of such entry, and every tobacco table, tobacco wheel, tobacco press, or e ther engine or instrument, for pressing tobacco, and snuff mill which shall be found in thepofficifion-of a person not licensed to mainifacture tobacco or snuff, or which shall he found in the possession of any person who shall be licensed to mani> faclure tobacco or fnulf, and of which such entry shall not have been made by such person; or which shall be ftund in any room or place, ctlier than such rooms or place* as shall be mentioned in such entry, for the keeping thereof, shall be forfeited and seized; and the person in whose house, out-house or possession the same shall be found, shall forfeit for every such table, wheel, press, or mill, the sum of twenty pounds; and every -manufacturer of tobacco, shall for every house, ware-house, work-house, shop, room, cellar, vault, or other place, which shall be used for manufacturing, keeping, or felling his, her, or their tobacco or fnuiF, of which such entry shall net have beer, made, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds; and all tobacco and fnulT, which shall at any time be found therein, with all calks, vessels, and packages whatsoever, containing the fame, -shall be forfeited, and seized by any officer or officers of the revenue.

LVI. And be it enacted, That where any entry.shall bc-made by any manufacturer or manufacturers of tob?.ceo or lnuff, of any warc-house, work-house, shop, room, ediar, vault, or other place, for manufacturing, keeping, or felling tobacco or fnufl, no other entry shall he made by any other manufacturer or manufacturers of tobacco or fnufl, not being in partnership with such manufacturer or manufacturers, making such first entry of the fame ware-house, or work-house, or of any shop, room, cellar, vault, or other place whatever, for the manufacturing, keeping, or felling of, tobacco or fnniT, under the fame roof, or within the same house or tenement, of which such first entry shall be then existing; and every such further entry made by any manufacturer or manufacturers of the fame house, or of any shop, room, cellar, vault, or other place, under the fame roof, or within the same house or tenement, shall be void; ami all tobacco and snuff, and the packages containing the fame, and all implements, for manufacturing tobacco and fmifl found therein, not the property of the person or persons having made the first entry, shall be forfeited, and i'eized by any officer of the revenue.

LVII. And be it enacted, That every person who shall be so licensed as aforesaid, to mamifadurc tob.-.cco, shall be charged and chargeable with, and shall pay the duty of excise for not less than four thousand pounds weight of tobacco in every quarter of the year, for each and every tobacco table which shall be kept by such person; and that no-such person shall be so licensed, unless fuel* person shall first enter into a bend to\I.is Majesty, his heirs and successors, in the penalty of two hundred pounds for every tobacco table which' shall be mentioned in such entry as aforesaid, conditioned to pay the duty of excise for such time as such Jicer.fc shall be in force, for not less than at tlx* rate of four thousand pounds weight -of tobacco in each quarter of the year, for every tobacco table which shall be kspt by him or her, and also the duty of excise for all such tobacco, exceeding such quantity as such person or persons shall be liable to pay, during die time such iieenfc shall be in

Km-;.

l.VJH. Provided always, That where an entry or registry shall have been made by any manufacliirer of two or more tables, such bond lhr.fi not extend to charge him or her in respect of one of such two or more tables, with the payment of the limy of excise for more then at the rate of tlncc thousand pounds weight cf tobacco in each quarter as aforesaid, unless die quantity manufactured by such person shall exceed the rai; aforesaid.

LIX. Provided also, That in case any manufacturer of tobacco shall not deem it expedient to manufacture an equal quantity of tobacco, in every quarter of the

year,

The thirty-second Year of George III. 115

year, it shall and may be lawful for such manufacturer, after having given a notice A.D.

in writing to the collector of the district in which he or flic shall be licensed to ma- j

nufaclure tobacco, fpceifying whether he cr {lie intend to use any, and what number Chap. J, of tobacco tables in the then ensuing quarter, commencing as aforesaid, and the number intended to be used in such quarter 5 and on or before the commencement of such quarter, to fend at his or her own expence, and depefite in his MajUly’s {ores in the district, all or any of the tobacco tables which shall have been so entered and registered as aforesaid, with the Ininning wheels thereto belonging; and such collector {lull give such manufacturer a receipt for the fame, fpceifying the amount in number of the tables, and the numerical numbers which shall have been branded or painted thereon, and also the number of spinning wheels which shall have been so feVit to such stores; and every such manufacturer shall, for such quarter, and for every quarter, during which his or her table or tables, with the spiti-ning wheels thereunto belonging, {lull remain in such {tores, be discharged fiorn such bond, so far as the same shall relate to the charge of duty in respect of the tables which shall have been so deposited and kept in such llorcs j and in case such manufacturer shall think proper to repossess himself or herself in any subsequent quarter, of all or any of the tables and wheels which shall have been so depositgd as aforesaid, such collector shall, at the commencement or such quarter, deliver to such manufacturer, such tabic or tables, wheel or wheels, as shall be required by him ot her, he or (lie giving such collector a receipt for the fame; and every such- ' manufacturer shall be charged in such quarter, and in every ensuing quarter in which lie or flic shall have such tables in his or her possession,' with duty of excise, not less than the rate aforesaid, for the number of tables which shall be in his or her possession, and which shall not remain deposited in such {tores.

LX. Provided also, That if any manufacturer of tobacco shall, :n any quarter, of the year after he shall have made entry as aforesaid, of the number of tobacco tables to be used by him or her, propose to keep a greater number of such tables than the number first entered, no entry of such greater number shall be received, nor certificate thereof given, unless such manufacturer shall enter into a new bond, with sureties as aforesaid, in a penalty at the Tate aforesaid, for every tobacco table so intended to be kept by him or her, conditioned as is herein mentioned, with rc-fncct to the bond herein before required to be entered into, on taking out a license to mtnnfatturc tobacco.

LXL. And be it enacted, That every table, bench, or other fixture, with ot without a wheel, on which any tobacco stir.ll be manufactured, and winch shall exceed the length of four feet, and he of the breadth of twenty-cne inch.es, shall be con-, filtered as a tobacco table, within the intent and meaning of tills act, unless such table, bench, or other fixture he kept by a licensed manufacturer, and be used only for the purpose of fixing a fmift* mill, or mills thereto, or for making tobacco into rolls, after the fi.nu hath been spun.

LXII. And be it enacted, That every table, bench, or other fixture, used for the purpose of manufacturing tobacco, which shall be of greater length than twenty-one feet, or be of greater breadth than twcuiy-oue inches, shall be cotifidcred as two tables, any table with which more than one wheel shall or may be used at the same time, shall be considered to be so many tables as shall be equal to the number of wheels used, or which may be used therewith at one time, and shall be charged and chargeable with, and liable to pay duty for a quantity of tobacco in each quarter accordingly.

LXIII. And be it enacted, That the functors, gaugers, and other officers of the revenue shall, from time to time, make return or report in writing, to the collectors in their respective districfcs, of the duties of excise chargeable on tobacco, and of,

F f 2 the

The thirtj-fccoticl Year of George III.

the pdfons chargeable therewith, in such districts respectively, and such return or report shall be a charge on all such persons.

LXIV. And be it enacted, That the inland or excise duty on tobacco, shall be paid by the manufacturer or manufacturers, or person or persons taking tobacco out of the original package, to the collector of the district within seven days after such package shall be opened, for the purpose of taking any tobacco out of the fame,

cxccpr for a sample, or in default thereof, all such tobacco shall bt forfeited and seized, and every such manufacturer or person who shall make default therein shall, for every such default, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, and also one shilling for every pound weight of tobacco contained in such original package:

LXV. And be it enacted, That if any importer or other person dealing in to* baccOf shall fell or deliver any tobacco to any manufacturer or dealer in :tobacco, or other person, without procuring a permit for such tdbacco, or if any decrease shall be found in the flock of any such importer or-dealer, for which it shall appear no permit had been taken-out, such importer or person dealing in tobacco, felling the fame,-shall be liable to, and pay the inland or excise duty for all such tobacco as-he or flte shall so fell or deliver, or winch shall be found decreased in his flock, -without such permit.

LXVI. And be it enacted, That every person manufacturing tdbacco, «or dealing therein as aforesaid, -shall pay the said iiriand'or excise duty for all tobacco, which shall bcfoldor delivered to such person, unless he or she shall-prove that such tobacco had been sold by him or her, in the fame (late in which he or she bought the fame* and to whom the fame was fold.

LXVII. And be it enacted, That the fcvetal and respective duties to "be paid by persons been fed to manufacture tobacco, or otherwise to deal in the same as aforesaid, and the inland or excise duty on tobacco may be levied by the officers of his Majesty's revenue, aiul such officers may at any time, with the afliftnnee of a constable in the day time, levy such sum or Aims as ought to be paid by the several and respective persons subject to said licenscs respectively, by distress and sale of the parties goods, in such-manner, and by such ways as the revenue arising by hearth-money is appointed to be‘levied and colIe£led, in and by an act made in the seventeenth* and eighteenth years of - the reign of his late Majesty Charles the second, entitled, An additional act for the better ordering and collecting the revenue arising by health-money.

LXVilTI. And be it enacted, That if any tobacco table or wheel, or any tobacco profs or fnuft' mill, shall be found in the possession of any person, having also in his or her possession any tobacco in leaf, or in a state of manufacture, or any unmanufactured-tobacco, exceeding the weight of one pound, or if any unmanufactured tobacco shall be found in the possession of any person having also in his or her possession any manufactured tobacco, exceeding the weight -of one pound, or if any tobacco in a ftalc of manufacture shall be found in the possession of any person, and the fame shall be conclusive evidence that such person is a manufacturer of tobacco, and subject to all such penalties as manufacturers of tobacco are subject to for any offence agnmft tins act.

LXIX. And be it enacted, That every person not being -a -maimfr.dhurer of tobacco, who shall fell tobacco or fiiuff by retail, shall take out a licensc for that purpose from the collector of - the diitridt in which he or she shall reside, which license such collector shall grant without fee or reward; and that every person not licer.fed 40 manufashire Johacro, -in whose possession shall be found more -than two pounds of nianufactured tobacco, or one pound of fnuiF, shall be deemed a retailer of tobacco^ and unless such person shall produce such liconfe as aforesaid for retailing the fame,

4

The shirty-second Year of George III. 117

<hc or she Hull forfeit five pounds, and all tobacco or fnufl* found in Ins Or her pof- A.D. session shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of the revenue. 1 -^2.

LXX. And be it enacted, That no drawback or allowance of the duty on tobacco Chap. J shall be paid on the export of any manufactured tobacco, imiefs the fame be exported in packages not less than two hundred pounds weight each; nor unless due proof be first made, that the leaf tobacco whereof it is manufactured, has paid the duties required by law on the importation thereof.

LXXI. And be it enacted, That at or before the shipping for exportation of any manufactured or unmanufactured tobacco, the exporter or exporters, with two or more persons, to be approved of by the collector, or other chief officer of the port ^rom which such tobacco shall be exported, of whom the master or other person having the charge or command of the ship or vessel in which such tobacco is intended to-be exported, shall be one, shall give security by bond to his Majesty, in j. penalty after the rate of two shillings and six pence for every pound weight of such tobacco, that such tobacco so ffiipped, or any part thereof, shall not be relanded Kir brought on fiiorc again in any port or place within this kingdom, or the isles of Man, Taro, or Ferro j anti such security shall be discharged in the manner herein mentioned; that is to say, for such of the find goods as shall be entered for, or landed in the kingdom of Great Britain, the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, or Sark, the condition of the bond shall be to bring in a -certificate in discharge thereof, within six months from the date of the bond, and within eighteen months for such of the goods as shall be entered for, and landed in any of his Majesty's colonics, plantations, iflaiids or territories in America or Africa; which certificate for such tobacco as aforesaid, as shall be landed in any port or place where any officer or officers of his Majesty's customs shall be resident, shall be signed by the proper officer or officers of his Majesty's customs there, and shall (pccify that such tobacco was there landed, and shall testify the landing thereof, and for such tobacco as aforesaid, as shall be entered for the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, cr Sark; such certificate shall be signed by the proper officer or officers of his Majesty's customs, if any such officer or officers shall be redding in the said islands respectively; and in case there shall be no such officers reftdent there, then by the governor of the said islands, or the deputy governor thereof respectively, and for such tobacco as aforesaid, as shall be entered for any foreign port or place, to bring a certificate, if such port or place shall be in Europe, within fix-months, and if in Africa or America, within eighteen months, under the hand and seal of his Majesty's couful, if any such be there, and if not, under the baud and foal of the chief magistrate of fuel* port or place, and under the hands and seals of two known merchants, then being at such pori or place, that such tobacco was there landed; or such bond or bonds shall be discharged upon proof in any of the said cases respectively, that such goods were taken by enemies, or perished in the sea, upon proof being made thereof to the satisfacUon of the commissioners of the revenue.

LXXIf. And be it enacted, That the collector or other proper officer of the revenue in the port of Dublin, and also at every port or place in this kingdom, where any tobacco shall be imported, shall once in every calendar month, transmit or deliver to the person appointed by the chief commissioners of the revenue to the office of register general of tobacco, one of the land waiters books in which his account shall be entered and kept, of the landing ami difehurging of tobacco, imported at such port or place *, and also true and cxa£l copies of every entry of tobacco foi exportation} and of the several and respective endorsemenrs relating thereto, which shall be delivered to the fenrehev, or proper officer or officers at such port or plac: where any such tobacco shall be entered and shipped for exportation to foreign pans;

and also true and cxa£l copies of every account, which purfuwit to tl:e direction.

VoL.XVI. Gg herein

118 The thirij-Jecovd Year of George III.

fi D. l*crc‘n given, shall be delivered to any officer of the revenue of such port or place, of tobacco intended to be manufactured by the importer or importers thereof, on his, her, or their own account, or which shall be delivered by the importer or j importers thereof, to any other person or persons whatsoever, to be manufactured for the account of such importer or importers; and also true and cxntt copies of every account, which pursuant to the directions l.ercin given, shall be delivered to :,nv officer or officers at such port or place by the importer or importers of tobacco, sold by them to any other person or persons whatsoever j which fever.*J accounts ate to be kept by the said register general of tobacco foT the time being, who is to keep proper hooks, and enter therein the ftvera! and i cfpettive accounts i'o transmitted or delivered to him j wlicft several entries shall be made, and an account thereof kept in such manner and form, that the marks and numbers on every hogshead, calk, ched, case, or othor package of tobacco, with the weights thereof at importation, may be compared and chequed with the marks, numbers, and weights, at the exportation thereof, or when fold or delivered for home consumption, cr to be manufactured, to the intent that the identity of all such tobacco imported, fold, or delivered ,to be manufactured, may be thereby known or afeenatned 5 and when any tiling shall appear to him to be done or pra&ifed at any port or place, contrary to the directions and intentions of this act, he shall immediately deliver an account thereof In writing to the commissioners of the revenue for the time being; and if any collector or other chief officer of the revenue at any port or place of this kingdom shall neglect or reftife to transmit or deliver any of the land waiters books, and a true copy of every entry of tobacco for exportation, and of the several endowments relating thereto herein mentioned and described, and also true copies of all the accounts herein mentioned aiul described, within the times herein respectively limited and appointed fot that purpose, lie and they so neglecting or refilling, /half forfeit fifty pounds for every such ucgledt or refusal.

LXXIII. And to the end that the officers of the revenue may he the better enabled to keep a regular Hock account on the venders of tobacco, be it enacted, That every importer, and every manufacturer of, or dealer in tobacco, and every other person who shall have or hold in his, her, or their custody, power or possession, whether in the King's /lores, or in any other place, or in (lie custody of any other person or persons for his, her, or their own use, any tobacco exceeding in quantity five pounds weight, either of his, her, or their property, or the property of any other person or persons, shall give and deliver to the collector of the district where such person or persons shall reside, a true account in writing of his, her, or their name or names respectivcIy, and places of abode, and of the true-quantity of tobacco which such person or persons shall respectively at the time of giving in such account^ have in his, her, or their custody, power cr possession, or in the possession of any other person or persons for his, her, or their use, which account shall also contain the outward bulk of every Iiogfllead, calk, chest, or other package, in which such tobacco shall be contained; and also each of the several and respective marks and numbers set upon such hogshead, calk, elicit, or other package icfpcCtively, and dif-ringuiftnng the quantity contained in each of them, and also the quantities in case or loose, and the quantity in /talk and number of rolls, to wit, snuff-rolls, cane or pigtail separntcly, with the exact weight thereof, and the particular ware-houses, itore-houses, cellars, or other places where the fame arc then lodged, which account shall be signed by such importer or manufacturer of tobacco, or other person as aforesaid, or one of his, her, or their known servants or agents, with their several and respective names and places of abode, and shall in like manner within ten days after every twenty-fourth day of June, twenty-ninth day of September, twenty-fifth day of December, and twenty-fifth day of March, in every year, give and deliver

6 to

The thirty-second Year of George III. 119

to such collector as aforesaid, a like account as is herein before required, in which A.D.

account shall be contained all such stock of tobacco as aforesaid, as he, (he, cr they 1792*

respectively had on the said respective days; and in case any such importer or nw- Chap.

nufa&urer of tobacco, or other person as aforesaid, shall neglect to give any of the '—-----

said accounts herein before directed at the respective limes, and in such manner and form as herein directed and required, such person shall for every such omission or neglect, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds; and in case any such account shall appear to be false or fraudulent, all such tobacco (talks, fnulT roll, or other kind or Ipccies thereof, of which no account, or of which a false or fraudulent account shall be given, and the calks, chests, cases, or other packages containing the fame, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any olTicer or officers of his Majesty's revenue, and *Jie person or persons so offending, shall forfeit treble the value thereof; and every such collector or other chief officer, shall upon receipt of such account, give a certificate to the person or persons giving in the fame, of the quantity of tobacco by such person or persons so returned to such collector or other chief officer, to be in las, her, or their custody, power or possession, which certificate shall be produced by such person or persons to the officer who shall take an account of his, her, or their flock; and if such officer or officers upon examining the said flock,

shall And the same to exceed the quantity mentioned in such certificate, such exceeding shall be forfeited, and may be seized and taken by any such officer cut of any tobacco then in the possession of the person or persons forfeiting the fame; ami every such collector or other chief officer shall also, upon the receipt of such accounts, forthwith eause the several and respective goods contained in such accounts to be examined thereby, and shall then enter such accounts in a book to be kept by every such collector for that purpose, and then every such collector shall forthwith traufmir such accounts to the register-general of tobacco for the time being; and in case any collector or other chief officer shall neglect or omit to transmit such accounts to the said register-general for the time being, within ten days after he shall have received the fame, such collector or chief officer shall for every such neglect or omission forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

LXXIV. And be it enacted, That if the person in whose custody such tobacco, being the property of any other person or persons, shall be found, shall inform or be the discoverer of such secreted or concealed tobacco, such person so informing of, or discovering the fame, shall be admitted to give evidence thereof, and shall in case such information or discovery be found true, not only be indemnified against, and exempted from the aforesaid penalty by him incurred, for so secreting or concealing the fame, but shall also be entitled to, and shall receive the informer’s moiety of what the same shall fell for.

LXXV. And be it enacted, That if any increase shall be found in any part of the stock of any importer, manufacturer, or dealer in, or retailer of tobacco, or o’her person, so under stock as aforesaid, above the quantities which shall appear by the stock account kept by the gauger, or officer of the walk wherein such importer, manufacturer, dealer, retailer, or other person shall reside, ought to be in the possession of such person, it shall and may be lawful for any officer of the revenue, to seize out of any part of the stock of such person, a quantity equal to the quantity so found increased, unless a permit or certificate sufficient to protect such tobacco shall, upon demand made by such officer, be produced, or proof made that a permit or certificate had been granted for the fame, and was afterwards lost or mislaid, and the person or persons in whose stock such increase shall be found, shall forfeit the Aim of ten pounds, for every such offence as aforesaid.

LXXVI. And be it enacted, That every officer inipcCting the stock of tobacco of any person so under stock as aforesaid, shall, after lie enters an account of the fame, give a true copy of his said entry to such person who shall fiicxv the stock{

Gg 2 and

150

The thrrty-fecaul Year of George III.

A.D. 1792. Chap. 7.

and give a, declaration thereof, which copy, without alteration or crafement, shall he signed by such officer, and on any diffierence arising between such person so under flock, and such officer on account of any charge of increase in flock, fuel) copy may be produced by such person so under Hock, on any trial, upon any information which may be brought against such person, for any such increase of flock, and shall be received as evidence thereon.

LXXVII. And for more efiectual preventing the falc of tobacco, clandestinely imported into this kingdom, be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any officer of the revenue to enter as well by night as by day, but if between the hours of ten of the clock in the evening, and fix of the clock in the morning, in the presence of a constable, or other peace officer, into the houses, flores, shops, cellars, and all other places ofj or belonging to any person buying, manufacturing, Jelling, {taring, or keeping in his, her, or their custody or pofiession, any quantity of tobacco, and from time to time to take an account of the tobacco found therein j and if any person so buying, felling, manufacturing, -or {taring or keeping in his,

her, or their custody or pofiession, any quantity of tobacco as aforesaid,- or such person’s wife, principal servant, or other person usually entrusted with the care of the flock of such person’s buying, Idling, or {taring tobacco, shall refuse or hinder any fi.ch officer, or his assistant or affillants, to enter into any of his, her, or their houses, flores, ihops, cellars, or other places, or having permitted them to enter, shall afterwards refuse or prevent them from taking an account from time totime, of all tobacco there found., such person shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

LXXVIII. And be it enacted, That no manufacturer of tobacco, shall manufacture or cause to be manufactured, any tobacco, between the hours of ten of the clock in the evening, and fix of the clock in the morning following, without first giving four hours notice in writing to the officer of excise, whose duty it is to keep an account of the Hock of such manufacturer; and it shall and may be lawful for such officer, after the receipt of such notice, to enter without a constable, or other peace officer, into the work-house, store-house, shop, or other place, at ?.ny hour irhatfocrcr, during the night in which such manufacturer shall so give notice of his intention to work, and to take ail account of all tobacco therein, and inspect the same.

LXXIX. And be it enacted, That if any tobacco shall be found to have been manufactured, or in process of manufacture, in any work-house or other place belonging to any such manufacturer, between the hours aforesaid, without such notice as aforesaid, having been first given, every such manufacturer shall for every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

LXXX. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the officers of the revenue, to weigh all tobacco in or out of case, except such tobacco as shall at the time of being put into case,' be declared by such manufacturer in writing, under his or her hand, or under the hand of sonic person or persons authorized by him or her, in that behalf, to be intended for fnufi; and if any tobacco so declared to be put into case for snuff, shall afterwards be used for any other purpose than to make fuuff roll, every such manufacturer shall forfeit for every such offence, the sum of ten pounds.

LXXXI. And be it enacted, That every importer, manufacturer, retailer, and dealer in tobacco shall, as often as he or they shall be required by any officer of the revenue, shew to such officer all his flock of tobacco and snuff, and every frame, box, or press used by him or her in manufacturing die fame, and every calk, canifler, or odicr vessel used by him or her for keeping or (taring his or her snuff in, and shall furuifli such officer with sufficient light in all cellars, and other places of such importer, manufacturer, retailer or dealer, and attend with a proper number 3 of

The thlrty-fecoml Year of George III. 121

-t)f his servants, and weigh such parts of his flock as shall be required by such ofli- A.D.

cer, in his presence, and furnish just fenies ami weights for weighing the fame; J79"-

and if any such importer, manufacturer, retailer, or dealer as aforesaid, shall refuse Chap. 7.

to {hew and weigh his, her, or their (lock of tobacco, or fnufT, or any part thereof,

except tobacco in case, which has been declared in manner by this a«ft directed to be intended for fnufT, or to furnish such officer iuflicient light, just feales and

weights, and attend with a sufficient number of his servants for that purpose, ami

weigh the fame, or refuse to shew and declare in u citing, under his hand, the

quantity of his, her, or their separate stocks of tobacco, loose or in package, or

number of rolls of cane and pigtail, or fnufT roll, or quantity of {talk tobacco, or

tobacco in case, particularly expressing the quantities of each kind, and declare the

{lock of tobacco so shewn, to be the entire flock then on hand of such importer,

manufacturer, retailer,-or dealer, every such importer, manufacturer, retailer, or

dealer, o{Tending in any such case, shall forfeit for every such offence, the sum of

twenty pounds.

LXXXII. And to prevent unnecessary delays to the officers in the execution of their duty, in and about the several. matters aforesaid, it is hereby directed, That all tobacco that shall be weighed upon the officers demand as aforesaid, shall be weighed in'separate parcels, each of a distinct and separate species or denomination, containing not less than four hundred and twenty-five pounds in each draft, and that ali packages of tobacco exceeding that weight, shall be weighed without breaking or dividing the fame*, ami if any person in whose possession such tobacco shall be found, shall, in weighing his, her, or their flock, use or cause, or suffer to he used, any untrue or insufficient fcalcs or weights, every fitch person shall, for every such offence, forfeit such feales and weights, -together with "twenty pounds.

LXXXIII. And be it enacted, That every mauufa&urer of tobacco, shall at his. or her own expence, provide such fastenings to every tobacco profs used by such manufacturer for the preifing of Ins or her tobacco, and to every case in which any such mnnufacturer shall lay down any tobacco for snuff. as shall be approved of by the proper officer of the walk wherein such manufacturer shall reside, and shall pay for such locks and keys as shall be provided by such officer for feruring the fzme} and if any- of such fastenings or locks shall be broken or put out of order, such manufacturer shall pay for repairing the fame, or in default thereof shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds; and it shall and may be lawful for such oliicer to fatten down and lock such presses and cases, and keep the fame so fattened down and locked 5 and every such manufacturer Audi as often as he shall desire to have acrefs to such tobacco, give four hours notice in writing to the proper officer to attend, and thereupon such officer shall attend, and shall permit such manufacturer -to have access to weigh and give out the fame in his pretence; and if any such manufacturer shall open any such press or presses, case or cases, or take any tobacco thcro-OUt, without having given such notice as aforesaid, and such officer having neglects <1 to attend, except in the presence of such officer, every such manufacturer lii.dl for every fudi offence forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, and all such tobacco so taken out shall be forfeited, and may be feizod. any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXIV. And be it enacted, That so soon as any manufacturer of tobacco shall have finished manufacturing any tobacco so put in case 'is aforesaid, intended for roll* tobacco, he shall immediately deliver to the surveyor-ar gauger, or Other proper officer of the walk, wherein such manufacturer shall have been licensed to manufacture tobacco, a declaration in writing, specifying the number of rolls of tobacco, and weight of tobacco {talks and stem-i, arising from the quantity of leaf tobacco put into every such case, and Audi keen ,11 such roll tobacco, {talks and

Vol. XVI. H h items

122

The thirty-second Year of George III.

A.D.

'792. Chap. 7.

Hems separate and apart from all other rolls cf tobacco, (balks or ftenis, for the space of tv/emy-four hours, from the time of delivering such declaration, or until the officer shall have taken an account thereof, and shall in like manner, so soon as lie or flic shall have finished manufacturing any tobacco, weighed out of case, and declared to have been intended for snuff as aforesaid, into snuff roll, immediately deliver to such surveyor or gauger, a declaration in writing, specifying the number of snuff rolls, and weight thereof, arising from the quantity of leaf tcbacco, Halts and Items, so weighed out of case, for fnufl-rolJ as aforesaid, and fled! keep such snuff rolls separate and apart from all ether snuff roll, for the space of twenty-four hours, from the rime of delivering such declaration, or until the officers shall have taken an account thereof, and shall in like manner, so foou as he or fl;e shall have finished manufacturing any fnu if roll, or tobacco weighed out in manner aforesaid, for fnulf into fnulf, immediately deliver to such officer 2s aforesaid, a declaration in writing, specifying the weight of such snuff, and returns of tobacco, as flisfl be produced from such fnulf roll, or tobacco respectively, and shall keep such snuff separate and apart from all other snuff, for the space cf twenty-four hours, or until the officers shall have taken an account thereof, or shall for every neglect or omission in any of the cases aforesaid, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

LXXXV. And be it enacted, Tha: every manufacturer or retailer of fnulf shall, at his own expence, provide calks, or other vessels for iloring his or her snuff in, and shall number each such calk or vdlcl in arithmetical progreilion, beginning with the number one, and shall mark thereon lire exact tare or weight thereof, and construct and place and keep all such calks and vessels in such manner and form, that the officers of excise may ealily weigh die fame, and examine die contents thereof; and if any snuff shall be found in die peliession of any manufacturer, or retailer of fnulf, except in calks or vessels, numbered and marked as aforesaid, such manufacturer or retailer, for every such offence, shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds.

LXXXVI. And be it enacted, That if it shall appear by sufficient proof, that such person or persons so under stock as aforesaid, shall have delivered more tobacco than a decrease shall appear for, in the flock of such person’s tobacco, such person shall forfeit at the rate of'two shillings per pound, for every pound it shall be proved lie or flic shall have so delivered, for which there shall not be a proportionable decrease in his or her stock of tobacco, making a reasonable allowance, not exceeding twenty pounds weight, for every hundred pounds weight, as an increase by manufacture, on all roll tobacco fold or delivered.

LXXXVII. And be it enacted, That every manufacturer of tobacco shall be charged with die duty of excise, for all tobacco which shall be found encreased in any tobacco in case, and shall forfeit five shillings for every pound weight of such tobacco, so encreased as aforesaid.

LXXXVIII. And be it enacted, That every such manufacturer, retailer, or other person buying or storing tobacco for himself, or any other person as aforesaid, shall, at the request of any officer of excise, shew, or cause to be shewn to him, such tobacco, and all other tobacco that he or she may then have on hand, and declare that what lie or flie shall then shew, or cause to be shewn, is all the stock of tobacco which he or (lie shall then have; and as often as any officer of the revenue shall visit such person’s house or stores, such person, at die request of such officer, shall declare whether any, and what part of such stock of tobacco was fold or delivered since the lull inspe£Hon thereof by the officer, and in that case, such person shall declare to such officer, out of what parcel the fame was taken, together with the number thereof, and to whom delivered, and shall produce to such officer the copy of the certificate for such parcel, in order that the quantity so delivered may

6 be

The thirty-second Year of George III. 123

be endorsed thereon, or in default or refusal thereof, shall forfeit the sum of ten , I),

pounds. 1792.

LXXXIX. And be it enacted, That every manufacturer of tobacco and snuff, Chap. 7, shall make, crest, preserve and keep, or cause to be made, crested, preserved, and u—J kept, a frame or frames, box or boxes, clofc boarded or raised, of such dinicnflons as Avail belt suit such manufacturer’s convenience, for the purpose of laying his or her tobacco in case therein \ and shall place or fix the fame in a convenient manucr, so that any officer of the revenue may, at all times, caflly infpoSt such frame or frames, box or boxes, and take the dimensions thereof $ and such manufacturers so often as they shall lay any tobacco in case, shall lay the fame in case in such frame or frames, box or boxes as aforesaid, or in default thereof, e\ cry person so oflending, s shall for every such offence* forfeit the fur.i of ten pounds.

XC. And be it enacted, That all tobacco to be put in case, to manufacture into loll tobacco or snuff, shall be put therein in the day-time, within the space of three days after the same shall be unpacked, and shall be put-therein in such frame or frames, box cr boxes as aforesaid, in the prefcucc of the officer, immediately after weighing the fame, and such tobacco shall be laid level, and packed clofc in such box or boxes, frame or frames\ and after the same shall be so douc, such manufacturer shall not, upon any pretence whatsoever, add any tobacco, tobacco (talks or (terns thereto, or take out and repack the fame, or any part thereof, except in the presence of such officer, who shall take an account thereof in manner aforesaid, and such manufacturer fl ail, on every of his or her packages or rolls of tobacco, both in and out of press, affix to, and keep as long as the same shall remain in his or her ctif-tody, a ticket in view, whereon shall be legibly written in words in length, on the outside of such ticket, the number of pounds contained in such package or roll, under the penalty of five pounds, for every such neglect.

XCI. And be it enacted, That if any importer, factor, manufacturer, retailer or other person, buying, felling, storing or manufacturing tcbacco, (l.all by him or her, or any person employed by him or her, make a fictitious or false return of his or her (lock of tobacco, or make a false declaration thereof, such person shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of twenty pounds.

XCII. And be it enacted, That upon every computation to be made between unmanufactured leaf tobacco, and tobacco in case, or unmanufactured roll tobacco of any kind, a reasonable allowance not exceeding twenty pounds weight for every one hundred pounds weight, be made for the cncrease of weight in manufacture, and upon every computation between unmanufactured tobacco and snuff, the manufacturer shall be allowed a credit not exceeding eighty-five pounds weight of snuff for every one hundred pounds weight of tobacco, used in making such snuff.

XCIII. And be it enacted, That all-tobacco in packages, containing left than feur hundred ami twenty-five pounds weight each, which shall be legally condemned upon seizure, shall before the fame be fold, be opened and packed in packages, containing not less than four hundred and twenty-five pounds weight cacti; which find packs or packages shall be marked with such mark as the commissioners or collectors of excise shall direct and appoint, and numbered; and as it may happen that different seizures of small quantities of tobacco may be made by different officers, then and in such case, such seizures (shall be weighed separately, and afterwards packed together in packages of four hundred and twenty-five pounds weight each in manner aforesaid 5 and every person who shall buy fuel* tobacco, or any part thereof, at any such sale or fajes as aforesaid, shall before such person fl ail take die fame into his or her cuflcdy, receive a certificate for die fame, from the register of seizures, cr surveyor of the stores, or other proper officers, who (i all grant the fame on demand, without fee or reward 5 which certificate shall contain the marks and numbers, net weight, with the buyer’s name, and the day on which such tobacco

H h 2 shall

124 The thirty-fecotid Year of George III.

A.D.

shall' have been fold> which certificate an'd tobacco shall be subjc'fl and liable to fii'ch iyC)2. regulations ami provisions, as in cases of tobacco bought from an importer, factor, Chap. 7, or othev person dealing therein.

XCIV. And be it further1 enabled, That if any mark or number whatsoever, which was burned in' or set upon any hogfi eail, calk, case, or other package' whatsoever. of tobacco, before the importation thereof into tins kingdom, or which was burned in or set thereon in this kingdom, upon the importation or landing thereof,

or which was burned in or set thereon in this kingdom before the exportation thereof from hence, shall be crafed, burned out, cut out, blotted out, or in any wise altered, changed, or defaced 5 or if such marks or numbers set upon any hogshead, calk, chert, case, or other package whatsoever, shall by turning the head or heads of any such hogshead, cask, chert, case, or other package inwards, or by any other means be concealed from view, then and in any such cases, every such hogshead, cask, chert, case, or other package whatsoever of tobacco, the mark whereof shall be so altered or defaced, or concealed as aforesaid, shall be forfeited and seized.

XCV. And be it eiia&ed, That no tobacco shall be laden or laid on board any ship or vessel whatsoever, in any port or place in this kirtgdom, to the intent to be exported, except in hogsheads, calks, cherts, or wooden cases, each containing (if . such tobacco shall be unmanufactured) four hundred and twenty-five pounds weight, or more, and if manufactured two hundred pounds weight, or more, upon pain of the forfeiture of such tobacco, and of the hogshead, calk, clieft, or case-containing the same.

XCVI. Provided always, That nothing herein contained, :shall extend to calks or other packages containing samples of tobacco not exceeding ten pounds weight, shipped. am! exported at the same time ami place, with the hogsheads, cartes, chests, or wooden cafi-s, out of which such samples were taken.

XCVII. And be it enacted, That no drawback shall be allowed for any unmanufactured tobacco which is, cr shall be mixed with Tubbish or dirt, or any other matter or thin; whailbcvcr, nor for any manufactured tobacco which is or shall be mixed v;it!i any ingredients not necessary or usual in the manufacturing thereof; and every pci son who shall enter or ship for exportation, or cause to be entered or shipped for exportation, any tobacco unmanufactured mixed with rubbifii or with dir*, or with any other matter or thing whatsoever, or any manufactured tobacco otherwise mixed than as aforesaid, or who shall enter any thing for exportation as tobaccp, which upon examination by the proper officer shall appear not to be tobacco, contrary to the true meaning hereof, shall forfeit all fuel! goods, and the hogsheads, caik3, chests, cases, and other packages in which they are contained, and also the sum of one hundred pounds for every hogshead, cask, chert, case, or other jiackage thereof.

XCVIII. And be it enacted, That if ariy manufacturer of tobacco shall fell or deliver to any retailer or other person fot sale, any Jets quantity of manufactured tobacco than twenty pounds weight, or any less quantity of fnufl than. six pounds weight, every such manufactured shall foV every such offence forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

XCIX. And be it enacted, That if any manufacturer of tobacco shall keep any {hop or {hops for the retail of manufactured tobacco or snuff, which shall not be immediately adjoining die work-house or work-houses of such manufacturer, it shall not be lawful for any such manufacturer to removefrom his work-house or other place to any such shop, any less quantity of tobacco than fifty-six pounds weight, nor less than twenty-eight pounds weight of snuff at arty one time; and if any tobacco or snuff llv.ill be removed from the work-house or ether place of any such imtiufaCluvcr to any such shop as aforesaid, or shall have been found to have been removed or brought into any such shop in any less quantity or quantities than a* l aforesaid,

The tlirty-second Year of George III. 125

aforesaid, all Inch tobacco or l'miiT shall be fjvlYned, and such manufacturer shall A.D. for every such offence forfeit the sum of ten pounds. I

C. And be it further enacted, Thai all and cvere the fines, penalties, and forfeitures inlliftcfi by this act, ether than such as by this act arc otherwise appointed, shall and may be hied for, recovered, levied, ami applied in such manner and form, and by fuclt ways and means, and with fuclt powers and authorities as are preferred, directed ami appointed in and by an add of parliament made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty Charles the fccoml, entitled, An act for the /filling of the tweife and new impojl upon his Majesty his heirs ami fiunjfsrS) according to the booh of rates therein inserted; or by any other law or laws relative to hb Majesty-s revenue, as fully and dleftually to all intents, constructions, and purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned, expressed, and re-enacted in this act, with the like remedy of appeal to and for the party or parties who shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the find act of excise is provided.

Cl. And be it further enacted, That this act shall continue, and be in force for the ipace of one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and no longer.

CHAP. vm.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Succefors, several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties.

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the commons of Ireland Kxpliot.

in parliament assembled, being desirous to raise such aids and supplits as may be sufficient to support with honour and dignity your Majesty's government, do humbly present to your Majesty the free gift of the rates and duties herein after mentioned, and do beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice .\ud content of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament act’eni-bled, and by the authority of the same, That front and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three inclusive, there tball be, throughout the kingdom of Ireland, raised, collected, levied, and paid unto your Majesty, your heirs and successors, the several and respective rates, inipositions, duties, charges, and sums of money following-, that is to say, for and upon the several matters and tilings expressed in the schedule hereunto annexed, the several and respective rates, impositions, duties, charges and sums of money in the said schedule mentioned; and for every advertisentent lobe contained or published in any gazette, newspaper, journal, or daily accounts, to be published weekly or -oftener, or in any other printed paper or pamphlet whatsoever, being dispersed or made publick yearly, monthly, or at any other interval or time within the time aforesaid, or in any hand-bill containing more than 011c advertisement, printed and dispersed within the time aforesaid, a duty of one flailing; and a further duty for the fame, after the rate of one shilling for every ten lines which cveiy such advertisement shall contain over and above the first ten lines; no such line to exceed in length twenty m*s of the letter called long primer, or two inches and Vol XVI. ' 1 i three

126 The thirty-second Year of George III.

A.D. 1^'rcc riuaTters an *ncb > an{l ^or an(l upon every pamphlet or paper, not exceed-]jQ2 ing fix fliccts in octavo, or in a lesser page, and not exceeding twelve sheets in 8 ciuart0» or twenty sheets in folio, so printed, a duty after the rate of two shillings for every fliect of any kind of paper which shall be contained in one printed copy, or impression thereof; and for and upon all- infutnnees for insuring houses, furniture, goods, wares, merchandizes, or.other property from loss by fire, which shall be made at any time between the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three inclusive, a duty after the rate of one shilling for every one hundred pounds insured thereby.

II. And be it enacted, That in case any such ndvertisement shall be printed in lines exceeding such length as aforesaid, then and in that case there shall be paid

for every such advertisement treble the duties herein before mentioned.

III. And be it enacted, That every deed, instrument, note, or memorandum, letter, muniment, or writing, for or relating to the payment of any sum of money, or for making any valuable consideration for or on the loss of any ship or vtflbl, goods, monies, or effects, or upon any loss by fire, or for any loss whatsoever, or for or upon any life or lives, shall be construed, deemed, and adjudged to be policies of insurance, within the meaning of this act.

IV. And be it enacted, That every deed, instrument, note, memorandum, letter, or other muniment, or writing, between the captain and master, or owner of any ship orveflcl, and any merchant, trader, or other person, in respect of the freight, or conveyance of any goods, money, wares, merchandizes or eflefts laden, or to be laden on board of any such ship or vessel shall be deemed, and adjudged to.be a charter-party within the meaning of this act.

V. And for- correcting abuses committed by arresting persons without any writ or legal process tojuftify the fame, by means whereof, the payment of the duty

hereby given to the crown upon such process may be evaded; be it enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, every officer or clerk belonging, or that shall hereafter belong to the 'court of King’s Bench, court of Common Fleas, or court of Exchequer, who shall sign any writ or process before judgment, to arrest any person or persons thereupon, shall at the time of signing thereof, set down upon such writ Or process, the day and year of signing the fame, which shall be entered upon the remembrance roll, or in the book wherein the abstract of such writ or process shall be entered, upon pain to forfeit the sum of ten pounds for every offence or neglect of such officer, or clerk as aforesaid; such forfeiture to !be recovered by civil bill, one moiety thereof to the use of your Majesty, your heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him, her, cr them who shall inform and sue for the same.

VI. And be it enacted, That all kooks and pamphlets, serving chiefly for the purpose of an almanack or a directory, by whatever name or names entitled or described, are and shall be charged with the duty imposed by this act on almanacks and diieftories, but not with any of the duties charged by this act on pamphlets, or any other printed papers, any thing herein contained to the contrary noLwithfhuding.

VII. Provided always, That this act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend to charge any bill of exchange, accounts, bil!s*of parcels, bills of fees, or any bills or notes (not sealed) for payment of money at fight, or upon demand, or at the end of certain-days of payment.

VIII. Provided also, That nothing in this act contained shall extend to charge the probate of any will, or letters of administration of any common seaman or soldier who shall be flain or die in his Majesty's service, a certificate being produced from die captain or commander of the ship or vessel, or captain or com-

3 manding

The thirty-feconcl Year of George III.- 127

manding officer of the troop or company under whom such seaman or soldier serv- A.D. ed at the time of his death; of the truth whereof an oath (or if by a Quaker a 179- fokmn affirmation) shall be made before the proper judge or officer by whom such Qu\p. S. probate or administration ought to be granted, which oath or affirmation such judge or officer is hereby authorized and required to adiuiniitcr, without fee or reward.

IX. Provided also, That none of the rates, duties, or sums of money imposed by this act, shall be raised, levied, or paid, or be payable unto your Majesty by virtue of this act, by any person or persons who shall be admitted to sue or defend in forma pauperis, so faT as relates to the suit in which he, flic, or they shall be admitted to sue or defend.

X. Provided also, That this act, or any daufc herein contained, shall not be construed to charge with auy duty, any warrant made by, or recognizance taken before any justice or justices of the peace, or any proceedings of any court-martial which relate to any trial of any common soldier, but such warrants, recognizances and proceedings shall be and are hereby declared to be exempted from the payment of any of the duties imposed by this act.

XI. Provided also, That this act. shall not extend to charge with any of the duties aforesaid, any act of parliament, proclamation, orders of council, forms of prayer anil thanksgiving, or any aft$ of (Ute which shall be ordered by your Majesty, your heirs and successors, or by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being, to be printed, or the printed votes or other matters which are or shall be ordered to be printed by either house of parliament, any books commonly used ill any of the schools of Ireland, or any books containing only matters of devotion or piety, or any advertisement published by the trustees of hospitals relative to the bufmels of such Uofpitais, or any Tingle advertisement printed by itself, or tile weekly bills of mortality, or the daily accounts or bills of goods imported and exported, so as such daily accounts, or bills imparted and exported, do contain no other matter than accounts of goods imported into and exported from this kingdom, and the particulars relating to such imports and exports, and so as the fame be printed and published by such officer or officers as shall be authorized thereto by tli: lord lieutenant-general, or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being 5 any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding-

XII. And be it enacted, That all accounts or bills of goods imported or exported, printed or published by any other person or persons, except such officer or officers authorized as aforesaid, whether printed or published daily, weekly, monthly, or at any other time or times, or published as accounts, or as auftrafts of accounts, or in any other manner whatsoever, Hull be, and are hereby deemed to be daily accounts, or bills of goods imported and exported, and subject to the duties hereby imposed, and shall pay a duty in proportion to the number of day’s accounts of imports or exports contained therein; thatis to say, the sum of one penny for every day’s account, or abstract of every day’s accounts, of imports or exports, which shall appear to be included in every such publication.

XIII. Provided also, That nothing.herem contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to subject the books of any corporate body to any (lamp or duty whatsoever.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the said commissioners shall cause to be kept % distinct account of the money arising from the respective duties of ten pounds, in the said schedule mentioned, on the admission of any student, and on the admission of any barrister into the Inns of court, and the further duty of feren Ii 2 pounds

128 The thirty-second Year of George III.

A.D. 1702. Cluj). S.

pounds in the said feiiedulc mentioned, upon each part of the indentures for binding an apprentice to an attorney, and that the fame Hull be paid to the treasurer of the said iocitfty, to be applied by him in such manner as shall be directed by the said society.

XV. And be it enacted, That for the better and more effectually colie (fling,

and paving unto your Majesty, your heirs and successors, the several and respective dutie* hereby granted, it shall and may be lawful for your Majesty, or the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being, from time to time, to nominate and appoint such persons as your your heirs and successors, or the lord lieutenant, or other chief

governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, shall think fit, to be commissioners or officers for the damping and marking of vellum, parchment and paper, and managing the duties thereupon; and that the commissioners so to be appointed shall keep their head office in some convenient place within the city of Dublin; and the said commissioners or the major part of them, are hereby empowered under their hands and seals, to appoint such inferior officers, with the confenl and approbation of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, for the marking or stamping of vellum parchment, and paper, and for the better collecting or levying the duties hereby granted to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, as they at their discretion hull think proper.

XVI. Atul whereas it may be difficult to prove, that the commissioners ami oilier officers for managing and-collecting the duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, heretofore appointed, or who have held, or who do now, or may hereafter actually hold such offices respectively, have performed the requisites prescribed by law tc entitle them to execute the said offices respectively, and questions may arise thereon touching the validity of the acts done, or to be done, by the said commilitnners and officer*, and the validity of the types, marks, and (lamps, which have neeii, or may be used for the marking of the said duties, and of the impressions made therewith: be it enacted, That all.types, marks and (lamps heretofore used by the uid conunillioncrj, or by any officer or officers acting under their authority, for mat King the said duties, and all impressions made therewith on any deeds, records, or writings whatsoever, (half be, and the fame and every of them ;*Ti ami is hereby declared lawful and valid to all intents and purposes; and that In all actions, suits, indictments, informations, prosecutions and proceedings whatsoever, touching any of the matters contained in tills aft, or for or touching any act or acts heretofore done or hereafter to be done by the said commissioners and officers, or any of them, in virtue or under colour of their respective offices, jr shall be deemed and taken that the said commissioners and officers have performed the several requisites prescribed by law to entitle them to execute the said offices respectively.

XVII. Provided always, am! be it enacted, That the several commissioners and officers heretofore appointed for the marking or stamping of vellum, parchment, and paper, and managing the duties thereupon, and now actually holding and exercising such offices respectively, as also such other commissioners and officers as shall be hereafter appointed pursuant to this act, shall, during the continuance of this act, for more effectually levying the several duties hereby granted, continue to act in the several offices to which they have been, or shall be so appointed, or which they now actually hold or exercise, in like manner, with the fame powers and authorities, and subject to the fame restrictious and limitations as are mentioned in former acts of parliament, granting stamp duties unto your Majesty, or any of them, five as herein is otherwise directed, unless such commissioners or inferior officers dull be sooner removed from -such offices by the lord lieutenant, or

1 cihcf

The thirty-ficond Year of George III. 129

chief governor or governor* of this kingdom for the time being, or unless such A.D. inferior officers shall be sooner removed from such offices by the said commissioners, j with the content and approbation of the said lord lieutenant, or other chief gover- Chap. S. nor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That the types, marks, and stamps already kept or used for denoting and marking on vellum, parchment, and paper, the several and respective duties granted by the said acts, or any of them, or hereafter to be kept or used at the said head office, for denoting and marking on vellum, parchment, and paper, the several and respective duties hereby granted, shall be the only true and lawful types, marks, and (lamps, for the stamping and impressing of all vellum, parchment and paper, on which any of the several things herein directed to be charged, have been or shall be engrossed or written; and that front time to time, as often as such types, marks, or (lamps, or any of them, shall be worn out, or otherwise become unserviceable, the said commissioners may eause the same to be repaired and Tendered fit for use, or eause renewals thereof, or similar types, marks, and (lamps to be made and used, if they shall think proper so to do; and that where such types, marks, or (lamps, shall not specifically denote the duties chargeable by this act, two or more of such types, marks, or (lamps, the duties denoted whereby shall in the whole amount to the duties chargeable by this act, may be used for marking and impressing vellum, parchment, and pa-.psr, with such duties j or the said commissioners may eause to be provided new types, marks, or (lamps, for denoting such duties, or any of them, if they shall think proper so to do, and to (lamp and mark vellum, parchment, and paper chargeable with such duties, with the same.

XIX. And be it enacted, That the devices or marks used, or to be used for denoting and marking on vellum, parchment and paper, the said duties, or any of them, may be changed, varied, or altered from time to time, as your Majesty, your heirs and successors, or the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being shall think (it: provided that when-soever such devices or marks dial) be changed, varied, or altered, then, and in every such case, publick notice of such change, variation, or alteration, shall be given by advertisement in the Dublin Gazette, and in some other publick newspaper, a convenient time before types, marks, or (lamps on which such new devices or marks shall be made, be used.

XX. And be it enacted, That all courts of justice, and judges whatsoever, shall, without allegation or proof on that behalf, take judicial notice of the several types, marks, and damps kept or used as aforesaid, as and for the only true, and lawful types, marks, and (lamps for the purpose herein mentioned.

XXI. And be it enacted, That the commissioners heretofore appointed, or here-.after to be appointed by your Majesty, your heirs and successors, or by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being as aforesaid, or the major part of such commissioners, shall and may from time to time, as they shall see occasion, appoint one or more fit person or persons to attend in any court or courts, office or oilkes, which person or persons shall have full power and authority to inspect and examine the vellum, parchment and paper, upon which any of the matters or things aforesaid have been or shall be engrossed or written, or put, and also the marks or (lamps thereupon, and also all other matters and things tending to fecute to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, the duties arising by this act or my former act, whereby any duties were granted to your Majesty, upon damped vellum, parchment, and paper j and that the judges in the several courts, and such others to whom it may appertain, at the request of the said commissioners, or of any two of them, shall make such orders in their respective courts, and do such other matters and things for the bet-

Vol. XVI. K k ter

*3°

A.D. 1792.

Chap. 8.

The ihiriy-fecGiid Year of George III.

ter securing of the said duties, as shall be lawfully and reasonably ccfircd in that behalf; and that every ccrr.mifltoner, and other officer before he proceeds to the execution of his oilice under such appointment, shall take and subscribe the oath prefer!bed by, and mentioned in an act passed in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of your Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for granting unto pur Majffiy, pur heirs and fnaejfort, fsvaal duties uponjhmped vellum, parchment, and pap(ry to be administered as in the said act is mentioned: provided that nothing in this act contained, shall assess, or be construed to affect, an act pa fled in this kingdom in the twenty-fir it and twenty-second years of your Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to regulate the qua! flections of perfem appointed to offices in this king-dstn, wherein two or more grantees aft under one grant, commissiott, or appointment, but that the said act and every part thereof, shall remain in full force.

XXII. And be it enacted, That the said commissioners and other officers heretofore appointed, and hereafter to be appointed as aforesaid, and all officers employed, or to be employed or eutrufled by or under them as aforesaid, shall, from time to time, in and for the better execution of their several offices and trusts, observe ami perform such rules, methods, and orders as they respectively have received, or shall receive, from time to time, from the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, for the time being; and that the said commissioners shall take special care that the several parts of this kingdom, from time to time, be sufficiently furnished with vellum, parchment, and paper, stamped or marked as aforesaid, so that your Majesty's subjects may have it in their election to buy the fame of the officers or persons to be employed by the said commissioners, at the usual rates above the said duty, or to bring their own vellum, parchment, and paper, to be stamped as aforesaid, or to furnish themselves from others who shall have done the same.

XXIII. And whereas heretofore a practice prevailed to Insert in one (kin of parchment, on which bills, answers, and other pleadings in equity were engrossed or written, twenty chancery or exchequer (beets, every sheet in chancery containing ninety words, and every sheet in the exchequer one hundred and two words, and the fame has been deemed a reasonable quantity to be engrossed and written in and upon every ikin of parchment, and the usual charge for drawing and engrailing may accordingly, upon taxation of cods, be fairly and equitably allowed: be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this act, all attornies, solicitors, or other persons shall make their several charges upon their clients or employers, for engrossing bills, answers, and other pleadings in equity, at or after the known and usual rates for every ikin, according to the number of skins they shall so engross or write, and not otherwise; and if any uitorney, solicitor, or other person, shall, for writing or engrossing one ikin of parchment only, charge any client or employer for double or treble skins, ot for more than one ikin, making his charge by the sheet, or in any other manner than by the (kin, under pretence of having inferred in such one ikin of parchment a greater number of (beets than twenty, or under any other pretence whatsoever, such charge shall not be payable by the client, and further, that every attorney, solicitor, or other person shall, for every such charge so made or demanded, forfeit and pay' for the first offence the Aim of ten pounds, and for the second offence the sum of fifty pounds, and for the third and every other offence the sum of one hundred pounds, with treble costs of suit.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That where any bill of cod in any cause in your Majesty's courts of Chancery or Exchequer, in which there shall be any charge or charges for drawing, or for engrossing on parchment any bills, answers, or other pleadings in the said courts respectively, which shall be engrossed or written, and

6 filed

The thirty-second Year of George III.

filed ill either of the said courts shall be taxed, the officer who shall refye&ivdy J)_

tax such bills of colls, flnll tax the charges for drawing and engrossing such 1JQ2.

bills and amwers, and other pleadings at the usual charge by the stein, accord- cj

ing to the number of ihins aftuftiy contained in such pleading, and not ac- c—i

cording to the number of fhects or words contained in such (kin, according to

the true intent and meaning of this act \ and such officer, if the bill of cods to

be taxed be in a cause in the court of chancery, shall signify at the foot of such

bill of cod, that the number of (bins contained in the pleadings mentioned therein

hath been certified to him by the keeper of the rolls of the court of Chancery,

or his deputy; and if such bill of cost be in a cause in the curt of Exchequer*

the officer who fluli tax the fame, shall signify at the foot of such bill that he

luth inlpccled the engrofiment of the pleadings mentioned in such bill of colls j

ami in c:«le such officers respectively, who shall tax such bills of colls as aforesaid,

shall neglect or refuse to apply to the clerk of the rolls for such certificate as

aforesaid, or to inspect the engrofiment of the pleadings mentioned in such bill of

colts, or shall neglect or refuse to tax the charges for drawing and engrossing

such bills, answers, or other pleadings in manner herein directed, every such

officer fc neglecting or refusing respectively as aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such

neglect or refusal, the sum of ten pounds.

XXV. And in case the keeper or keepers of the rolls of the court of Chancery; or his or their deputy, shall neglect or refuse to inspect and certify the number of skins contained in such pleadings as aforesaid, to the proper officer of the said court, upon being'applied to by him for the purposes aforesaid, such keeper or keepers, or his or their deputy, shall, for every such neglect or refusal, forfeit in like manner the sum of ten pounds 5 which said several forfeitures shall be enforced in a summary way, upon motion by order of the said courts of Chancery and Exchequer, upon complaint made to them respectively, against any officer who Hull be guilty of such neglect or refusal, and dhall go and enure to the use of your Majesty, your heirs and successors.

XXVI. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be coniltued to extend to the charge to be made for engrossing any bill, answer, or other pleading in equity, the whole contents of which shall not amount to the quantity or number of (heets to be contained in two skins, reckoning the quantity in every skin, according to the number of (heets above specified*

XXVII. And be it enacted, That every copy of every affidavit which shall be read in any court whatsoever, shall be engrossed or written in such manner, as that the quantity of writing contained in any one sheet or piece of paper, shall not be deemed more than one sheet, according to the manner in which the officers of the courts in which such affidavit shall be respectively filed, charge by the sheet for such affidavit j and if any officer of any court shall charge for the quantity of writing contained in any one sheet or piece of paper, on which any copy of such affidavit shall be written, more than the fees to which he shall be entitled for one sheet, according to the course of the court in which such affidavit shall be filed, he shall for every such charge so made or demanded, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, with treble costs of suit to any person or persons who shall inform and sue for the same, in any court of record, by action, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoign, protection, or wager of law shall be allowed, or by civil bill in the court of proper jurisdiction.

XXVIII. And to prevent frauds which might be committed by writing such copies upon both Tides of any sheet or piece of paper* be it enacted, That where move than one side of the page of any iheet of paper shall be stamped or marked with the duty by this act charged on paper on which such copy of an affidavit

shall

132 The thlrty-Jecoud Year of George III.

A.D.

shall lie written, each side or page so marked or stamped, shall be deemed a fepa-) 792. rate flwet or piece of paper, within die intent and meaning of this act.

Chap. 8.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That all records, writs, pleadings, and other proceedings in the courts of law and equity, and all deeds, instruments, and writings whatsoever, hereby charged, shall be engrossed or written in such manner as they have been usually accustomed to be written, or are now written, save as herein otherwise mentioned.

XXX. And be it enacted, That all writings, matters and things in respect whereof any of the said duties shall be payable, and which shall be engrossed or written before or on tire twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred ami ninety-three, shall be written in such manner, that tome part thereof shall be as near as conveniently may be to the (lamps or marks which shall in pursuance of this act be placed on the vellum, parchment, or paper whereupon the same shall be written or engrossed, upon pain that the person who shall writ? or engross, or eause to be written or engrossed, any such writing, matter or thing contrary to the true meaning hereof, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered by civil bill, one moiety thereof to the use of your Majesty, your heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him, her, or them who shall inform and fuc for the same.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That all vellum, parchment, and paper hereby intended to be charged with the several duties aforesaid, shall, before any of the matters or things herein before mentioned, be thereupon engrossed or written, be brought to the head office aforesaid to be stamped and marked; and the said commissioners and officers are hereby required, upon demand of the person or persons so bringing the same, forthwith, without any fee or reward,- to (lamp or mark any qiumiry or parcels of vellum, parchment, or paper so brought, 'such person or perfims paying to such officer or officers as shall be appointed in that behalf, the respe-ftive duties hereby granted and directed to be paid for the same.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons shall be arr.efted, between the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three inclusive, by virtue of any writ or process of any of your Majesty's courts of record in Dublin, at the suit of any common person, and the sheriff or other officer shall take bail from such p-.rfon against whom such writ or process shall issue, the sheriff or other officer, at the request and cost of the plaintiff in such action or suit, or his lawful attorney, shall assign to the plaintiff in such action or suit, the bail-bond or other security taken from such bail, by endorsing the fame, and audling it under his hand and fed in the presence of two or more credible y/itnesses, which may be done without any (lamp, provided, the alignment so enderfed, be duly stamped before any action be brought thereupon; and also, that for and during the time aforesaid, when and so often as it shall become necessary for any sheriff, or other officer having authority to grant replevins, to allign any bond of any plaintiff in replevin, to the avowant or defendant in such action, such alfigmv.ent may be made without any (lamp.; provided the alignment so made, be duly stamped before any action be brought thereupon.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That if any commissioner, or oth.er officer appointed, or to be appointed as aforesaid, shall fix any such mark or (lamp to any vellum, parchment, or paper, which shall be brought to the head-office aforesaid, to be stamped or marked, before the several and respective duties thereupon charged by this act, shall be duly answered and paid, or be secured to be jiaid to

ilie

The thirty-second Year of George III. 133

the use of your Majesty, your heirs and successors, he shall for every such offence J)§

forfeit the f,.m of one hundred pounds. IJQZ.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons have or hath en- Chap. 8. grofled or written, or caused to be engrossed or written, at any time since the —v-*-— commencement of the find a els, or any of them, or shall at any time hereafter engross or write, or cause to be engrossed or written, upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, any of the matters or things for which such vellum, parchment, or paper, was chargeable by the said acts, or any of them, or is hereby charged to pay any duty before such time as the said vellum, parchment, or paper, hath been, or shall be marked or stamped as aforesaid, or hath, or have engrossed or written, or caused to be engrossed or written, or shall engross or write, or cause to be engrossed or written, any matter or thing upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, that have been, or shall be stamped or marked for any lower duty than the duty by the said a&$, or this act, payable for what hath been, or shall be so engrossed or written, then and in every such case there shall be answered and paid to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, over and above such duty as aforesaid, for every such deed, instrument, or writing, the sum of ten pounds 5 and no such deed, record, instrument, or writing, shall on any pretence whatsoever, be pleaded or given, or received in evidence in any court, or admitted in any court to be good or available in law or equity, until as well the said'duty, as the said sum of ten.pounds, shall be first paid to your Majesty's use, and a receipt produced for the fame under the hand 01 hands of some of your Majesty's olHcers appointed to receive the duties above mentioned, and until the vellum, parchment, or paper, on which such deed, instiument, or writing hath been, or shall be written or made, shall be marked or {lamped with a lawful mark or (lamp; and the proper officer or oflicers are hereby required upon payment, or tender of the said duty, and sum of ten pounds, unto him or them, to give a receipt for the fame, and to mark and {lamp such vellum, parchment, or paper, with the mark or stamp that shall be proper for such deed, instrument, or writing respectively.

XXXV. Provided always, and the said commissioners are hereby authorized to stamp all instruments executed out of this kingdom, upon payment of the duty payable thereon according to this act, without paying the said additional duty of ten pounds, proof being first made to the satisfaction of the said commissioners, or the major part of them, that such instruments were really executed out of this kingdom.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to judgments upon pflcas, tnquisitions, writs of feire facias, or to judgments upon nil dial: provided that the fame be stamped with the proper stamp within one month next after the same shall have been signed, and that no discount shall be allowed thereon.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That any officer or officers who shall neglect or omit to bring such judgment or judgments to be stamped within one month, as hereby directed, flull for every such neglect or omission, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered by civil bill, or in any court of record in this kingdom.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons shall engross or write, or cause to be engrossed or written, upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, any of the matters or things for which the said vellum, parchment, or paper, is hereby charged to pay any duty, before such time as the said vellum, parchment, or paper, shall be marked or stamped as aforesaid, or shall engross or write, or cause to be engrossed or written, any matter or thing upon, vellum, parchment,

®r paper, that shall be marked or stamped for any lower duty than the duty by

Vol. XVI. L 1 this

J;34 'The thirij-fccorj Year of George III.

A.D.

this act payable»for what (l*a!l be so engrafted or written, such person so ofield-I ~g2, 'UK> AaU forfeit for every such oiTeucc the sum of five pounds, to be recovered Chap. 8. bV civil b:*b 5 onc moiety thereof to your Majriiy, your heirs anti successors, and the other moiety to him, her, or them, who shall inform and sue for the -fame.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That in case any clerk, officer, or person, who in respect of any publick office or employment, is or shall be authorized or entrusted make, engross, or write any records, deeds, instruments, or 'Writings, by this £Ct charged to pay a duty a.-; aforesaid, shall be wilfully guilty of any practice, to defraud your Majesty, your heirs, or successors, of any duty by this aci payable, by making, engrossing, or writing any such record, deed, instrument, or writing, or by caufuig the same to be made, and engvofltd, or written upon vellum, parchment, or paper, not marked or scaniped according to this act, ot upon vellum, parchment, or paper, marked or stamped with any mark or damp which he shall know to be counterfeited, or by wilfully engrafting or writing any such deed, instrument, or othfer writing upon vellum, parchment, or paper, which he shall know to be damped or marked for a dower duty than the duty payable by this act upon the fame, then every such clerk, officer, or person, so guilty of any fraud or practice, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall forfeit his office, place,- or employment, respectively, and be disabled to hold or enjoy the fame for the future; and if any attorney belonging to any court, shall wilfully be guilty of any such fraud or practice as aforesaid, and be convicted thereof, he Hull he disabled for the future to practice zs an attorney.

XL. And to prevent committing of frauds on your Majesty, in respect of the duty payable oil the ad million Of attornies into courts: be it enacted, That no attorney shall practice either in his own name, or in the name of any other attorney in any of hb Majesty's courts of law, or in any court of record whatsoever, in which attornies arc admitted, except only in such court or courts in which lie shall have aftuilly been admitted and sworn an attorney, upon pain of the person so pniftifing being rendered incapable of being sworn an attorney in any court of law; and every attorney who shall so practice in any court in which he flrall not have been admitted and sworn an attorney, shall be disabled from recovering the costs of any proceedings carried 0.11 by him in-such court.

XLI. And be it enacted, That tvery person to be sworn or admitted an attorney in any of his Majesty's comts of law, or any court of record whatsoever, or a solicitor of the court of Chancery, shall, previous ta such admission into every court, produce to the proper officer, to whom he shall apply to be admitted 2n attorney or solicitor ns aforesaid, a certificate signed under the hand or hands of some of your Majesty's officers appointed to receive the stamp duties, dating that such person has paid the duty by this act made payable on such admission; which certificate shall be lodged with such officer of every court into which he shall be admitted, and remain in his custody, to be examined by the said commissioners for managing the stamp duties, or any officers by them appointed, at any time they shall think fit; and that from and after the passing of this act, every person who shall be bound an apprentice to an attorney, shall also obtain a written certificate front some of your Majesty's officers appointed to receive the duties aforesaid, of his having paid the nuty by this act made payable on such indentures of apprenticeship; which certificate shall be lodged with the proper officer of the court in which said indentures are enrolled, or to which the maf-ter of the said apprentice doth belong, and the officer or officers of such court are hereby required to take charge of and to k'.cp such certificate, so that the ft me may and shall be produced, and read in open court on the admission of every attorney, and produced to a matter of the court of Chancery, on the admission of

a solicitor

The thirij-fecottd Year of George III. 135

a Solicitor of that court) before he shall be admitted, and nvorn an attorney or A.D.

solicitor, respectively, as aforesaid; and that no person (lmH be capable of prac- T 79--

tifing as an attorney or solicitor, respectively, or recovering any bill of colls due Chap. 8. to him as an attorney or solicitor) unless he shall have paid the stamp duties here- s'——J

by imposed upon him when bound apprentice, and when admitted an attorney or solicitor, at or previous to the time of his being admitted an attorney as aforesaid; and it is the express meaning and intention of this act, that no pevfon whatsoever be admittedan attorney into any court, unless such person has served his regular time or apprenticeship of five years to a practising attorney of said courts.

XLII. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons shall write, or engross, or cause to be written or engrafted, either in the whole or part of any matter or thing in respect whereof any duty is payable by this a cl, u;v:s any part of any piece of vellum, parchment, or paper whereon there shall have been before en« graded, written, or printed, any other matter or thing in respect whereof any duty is payable by this act, before such vellum, parchment, or paper Until have been again marked or stamped according to this act, or shall fraudulently crafe or ‘ferape out, or cause to be ctafed or (craped out the name or names of any person* or penons, or any sum, or date, or other thing engrossed, written, or printed in such instrument, writing, matter, or thing as aforesaid, or fraudulently cut, tear, or take off any mark or (lamp from any piece of vellum, parchment, or paper, or any part thereof, with intent to use such (lamp or mark for any other writing, matter, or thing in respect whereof any duty shall be payable by virtue of this act, then and in every such case, every such person so offending in any of the particulars before mentioned, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it cnatted, That so often as the find devices or -marks, or any of them shall be changed, varied, or altered as herein before mentioned, it shall be lawful for all persons who shall have at that time in their custody or possession, any vellum, parchment, or paper, marked with the impression of the type, mark, or (lamp which shall have been so changed, varied, or altered, upon which none of the matters or things hereby charged shall have been engrafted or.written, to bring or fend at any time within the (pace of sixty days after the publication of such advertisement as aforesaid, such vellum, parchment, and paper- to the said commissioners at the head office in the city of Dublin, or to such other officers appointed as aforesaid; and the said commissioners and oft’icers respsctively are hereby required to deliver or cause to be delivered unto the fevers! persons who shall so bring and deliver any quantity of vellum, parchment, or paper, the like quantity of vellum, parchment, or paper, so stamped as aforesaid, and as good in qu.ni y. marked with the impression of such new type, mark, or damp, without de mauling or taking directly or indirectly for the fame, any*sum of money or otn r comfulcntion whatsoever, under the penalryof forfeiting for every such ofllnc- the lum of one hundred pounds; and in case any person shall neglect or u.mt wit’in the time aforesaid, to bring or cause to be brought and delivered Unto the commissioners or officers as aforesaid, any fjch vellum, parchment, or paper, the fame is hereby declared to be of no other effect than as such vellum, pirehment or paper had never been stamped; and that all matters am! tho w'.-.c’t ill ill be engrossed or written thereon, after such time as fli.ill be appointee’ l.y such advertisement as aforesaid, for making use of such changed or altcrcu typ-.s, m.-.rks, or stamps as aforesaid, shall be of no other effect than as if they had be:n engrossed or written on vellum, parchment, or paper not marked or stamped; and all persons who shall engross or write any matter or thing chargeable with any of the duties aforesaid, on such vellum,

L I 2 ‘ parchment,

ji^tf SThe thirty-feccnd Year of George III.

A.D. 1792.

Chap. 8.

parchment, or paper, after the said time, shall incur and suffer such penalty as is herein before directed to be infii&ed on persons writing and engrossing on vellum^ parchment, or paper, not marked or stamped.

XLIV. Provided always, That all vellum, parchment, and paper, which has been stamped or marked, and has paid the duties granted by any a & or acts of parliament heretofore made, shall and may be used for the purposes thereby intended, without any additional stamp, mark, or duty, except in cases where by this, or any other act or acts, duties greater than those heretofore laid on, are imposed, in all which cases, it Hull be lawful for the said commissioners, or any of them, if they shall think proper so to do,.upon request of any person or persons, to order either that such vellum, parchment, and paper be stamped, with a duty denoting a -higher duty, the person or persons requeuing the fame, paying the difference of price between the said respelUvc (lamps; or that vellum, parch* ment, and paper, marked with (lamps denoting such duties as the person or persons requeuing the same shall desire, be given to such person or persons in exchange for such vellum, parchment, and paper as shall be offered for exchange j provided, that the amount of the duties to be marked on such vellum, parchment, and paper so to be stamped, shall not exceed the amount of the duties on the -vellum, parchment, and paper so to be offered for exchange: provided also, that the (lamps marked on such vellum, parchment, and paper so to be offered for exchange, be cancelled.

XLV. And for the better distribution of the said -vellum, parchment, and paper, and that your Majesty's subject may have the fame with convenience and at an easy rate: be it enacted, That the lord Jieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, shall, once in every year, at least, set the prices at which all forts of stamped vellum, parchment, and paper shall be fold; and the said commissioner for managing the said duties upon vellum, parchment, and paper, Avail stamp the prices so set upon every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, and on every piece and street of paper so by them to be sold; and the said commissioners shall likewise allow and pay to every person who shall bring vellum, parchment, or paper-to the said head-office to he stamped in pursuance of this act, the duties whereof shall amount to the sum of twenty pounds, or upwards, save vellum, parchment, and paper, to be stamped with the duty of one hundred pounds, in the said schedule mentioned, after the rate of three pounds for every hundred pounds upon prompt payment of the said duty upon such vellum, parchment or paper so by them brought; and that any person or persons who shall buy any parchment or paper at the head-office for stamping the fame, the duty whereof shall amount to the like sum of twenty pounds or upwards, save as aforesaid, shall have the fame allowance for prompt payment.

XLVI. Provided always, That no person shall be intitled to such allowance of three per cent. save_printers and publishers of newspapers, as to the penny duty payable on such papers, by virtue of this act, uqless an affidavit shall be sworn before one of the said commissioners, and lodged -in the said office, that the vellum, parchment and paper, upon which such allowance is to be made, is intended to be vended by retail, fair and without any writing thereon, and by the person making such affidavit far his own sole use and benefit.

XLVII. And for better collecting and securing the duties hereby charged on pamphlets,'be it enacted, That one printed copy of every such pamphlet, which shall before or on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven -hundred and ninety-three, be printed or published within the city of Dublin, shall within the space of six days after the printing -thereof, be brought to the said head-office for marking or (tamping vellum, parchment or paper, and the title thereof with 3

The thirtj-second Year of George III. 137

the number of sheets contained therein, and the duty hereby charged thereon, A. J). shall be registered or entered in a book to be there kept for that purpose, -which 1792. duty shall be thereupon paid to the proper officer or officers appointed to receive Chap. 8,' the fame, or his or -their deputy or clerk, who shall thereupon forthwith give a receipt for the fame on such primed copy, to denote the payment of the duty hereby charged on such pamphlets; and that one printed copy of every such pamphlet that shall be printed or published in any place net being within the city of Dublin, -shall, within the space of fourteen days after the printing thereof, be brought to some head distributor or collector of the said stamp duties, who is hereby required forthwith to enter the title thereof, with the number of sheets contained therein, and the duty thereby charged thereon, in a book to be by him kept for that purpose, winch duty shall be thereupon paid to fsch collector, who shall give a receipt for the fame on such printed copy.

XLVIII. And be it euacled, That if any such pamphlet shall be printed or published, and the duty hereby charged thereupon shall not be duly paid within the Tefpettive times herein before for the several purposes hereby limited, then the . printer and publisher, and all other persons concerned in and about the printing and publishing of such pamphlet, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, one moiety thereof to be paid to the life of your iMajtfty, your heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the use of the person who shall inform and sue for the same, by action or information-in any of your Majesty's courts of-record, or by-civil bill in the court of proper juris-idiction.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That no printer, or other person or persons, shall publish any newspaper, or any.paper serving the purpose of a newspaper, before he,-flie, or they shall have entered into security by bond, not exceeding three hundred pounds, nor less than two hundred.pounds, to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, conditioned for the payment of the duty 0:1 auvertisements which shall be printed therein, or thereupon, upon.pain that every person so offending forfeit thefinn of two'hundred pounds, one moiety thereof to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, and the other to such person-as shall inform and-fuc for the fame, by action or information, in any of your Majesty's courts of record, or :by civil bill in the court of proper jurisdifWon.

L. And be it enacted, Time all and every the materials and utensils for printing used in, kept at, or belonging to any priuting-house, in which any newspaper, or any paper-serving the purpose of a newspaper as aforesaid, hath been, or shall be printed, into whose hands-soever the same shall have come, or by whatever conveyance or tide the lame shall be claimed, shall be in the first place liable and subject to, and are hereby charged with all-and every such sum and sums of money as have become due, or shall become due, for the duty, by this or any -former act of parliament, charged on adverdfements, which have been, or shall be printed or published in.such newspaper, or other p2per as aforesaid, and as shall be due for fines or penalties adjudged against die proprietor or proprietors of such newspaper, under or by virtue of this act, during such time as such mare--rials or utensils were, or fl ail be used in, or kept at, or did or shall belong to such printing-house as aforesaid; and it shall and may be lawful, in all cases, to levy fuel) sum and sums of money upon such materials and utensils, in like manner as if the printer or printers of such newspaper, or other paper as aforesaid, were the real proprietor or proprietors of such materials and utensils at the time' of levying the same.

LI. And be it enacted, That no person shall fell, or expose to sale, any such pamphlet, or any such newspaper, or any paper serving the purpose of a newspaper, without the true name and surname, or names or surnames, and the

Vol. XVI. M m place

Ij8 . Tie thlrlyfeccnd Year of George III.

A D. place or places of abode of some known person or persons, by or for whom the fame was really ami truly printed or published, being written or printed thereon, upon pain that every person offending herein shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of fifty pounds, one moiety thereof to the use of your Majesty, your heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the use of such person as shall sue for the same, by action or information, in any of your Majesty's courts of record, or by civil bill in the court of proper jurisdiction.

LII. And be it enacted, That no officer appointed for distributing vellum, parchment, or paper, in this kingdom, shall fell or deliver any stamped paper for priming any publick r.ewfpaper, intelligence, or occurrence, to any person, unless such person shall give security by bond as aforesaid, for the payment of the duties for the advertiseinents which shall be printed therein, or thereupon.

LIII. And whereas printers, publishers, and proprietors of newspapers, intelligences, or occurrences, or other papers serving the purpose of newspapers, intelligences, or occurrences, who have performed the requisites which by law are required to entitle them to obtain from the commissioners for managing your Majesty's stamp duties or their officers, stamped paper for printing of such newspapers, or other papers as aforesaid, of which they are respectively printers, pub-liftters, or proprietors, have (applied printers or proprietors of other newspapers, with fiar.iped paper for the printing of such other newspapers or other paper as aforesaid, whereby the laws relating thereto have been evaded: for prevention whereof, be it enacted, That in all cases where any person or persons, who is, or arc, or shall be entitled to obtain from the said commissioners, or their.officers (Limped paper for the printing of any newspaper or other paper aforesaid, of which lie, file, or they is or shall be printer or printers, publisher or publishers, proprietor or proprietors, shall furnish or supply any other person or persons with any such stamped paper, every such printer, publisher, or proprietor, shall for every such offence forfeit a sum of one hundred pounds sterling, to be recovered by action or information in any of yout Majesty's courts of’record in this kingdom, or by civil bill in the court of proper jurisdiction, by any person or persons who shall sue for the same, one moiety thereof to the use of your Majesty, and the other moiety thereof to die use of the person suing for the fame; and if any person or persons shall make use of any stamped paper for the printing of any newspaper, or other papeT as aforesaid, which he, (lie, or they, shall receive, or be Airnished with, by any other person or persons than the said commissioners, or their officers, or distributors, every such person shall for every such offence, forfeit a sum of one hundred pounds, to be applied and recovered in like manner as the said last mentioned forfeiture is to be applied and recovered.

HV. And forasmuch as it may be uncertain how many copies of such printed newspapers, almanacks, and Dublin directories may be fold: be it enacted, That the commissioners for managing the stamp duties, or any of them, or such of their officers as shall be by them appointed in that behalf, shall and may cancel, or cause to be cancelled, all the (lamps on such newspapers, almanacks, and Dublin directories, which shall really and truly remain unfold in the hands of the person or persons, by or for whom the same shall be printed or published, and upon oath, or if a quaker, upon folemu affirmation made before the said commissioners, or any of them, or such officer, to the satisfaction of such commissioners, or any of them, or such officer as aforesaid, that all newspapers, almanacks, and Dublin directories, containing the (lamps so tendered to be cancelled, are Tcally and truly remaining unfold in the hands of the person or persons by or for whom the fame were printed or published, and that none of such newspapers, almanacks and Dublin directories have been -fraudulently returned, .3 or

1792. Chap. S.

The thirty-second Year of George III. 139

or ie-bought, after the same shall have been fold and disposed of, or any profit or A.D. advantage made thereof, (which oath or affirmation the said commissioners, or j yc)2. any of them, and the said officer respectively are or is hereby authorized to admi- Cliaj). 8. nllter) and also to examine upon oath or affirmation into all the circumstances r?- —v—

fating to the felling or disposing of such newspapers, almanacks, and Dublin directories, shall or may deliver, or cause to be delivered, the like number of other sheets, half sheets, or less pieces of paper properly damped with the fame respective stamps, upon payment made for such paper, but no duty shall be taken for the damps thereon.

LV. Provided always, That where any almanack dull contain more than one piece of paper it shall be sufficient to damp only one of the pieces of paper upon which such almanack shall be printed, and to pay the duty accordingly.

LVI. And be it enacted, Thar the said commissioners, or any of them, or such of their officers 2s shall be by them appointed in that behalf, shall cr may cancel or cause to be cancelled any damped vellum, parchment, or paper, written or engrofled, which Audi be inadvertently or undedgnedly spoiled, obliterated, or by any other means rendered unfit for the purpose intended, and which Dial! not have been executed or figr.ed by any party or parties, and which shall not have been used for any other purpose or in any otheT manner whatsoever, nor any money or other consideration paid or given to the attorney, solicitor, or other person employed to transact the business intended to have been carried into execution by such writing or engrossment, or to the writer or engroffer thereof, for the duty or duties marked, damped, or impressed thereon, and upon oath (or if a known quaker upon solemn affirmation) made to the satisfaction of the said commissioners, or any of them, or of the said officer, which oath or affirmation the said commissioners are, or any of them, and the said officer is hereby authorized to administer, that such damped vellum, parchment, or paper, so engrossed cr written upon, or spoiled, oblitcred, or by any other means rendered unfit for the purpose intended, hath not been executed or signed by any party or parties, or used for any other purpose, or in any other manner whatever; and that no money or other consideration hath been paid or given for the duty or duties marked, damped, or impressed thereupon, save and except the money fird paid for such duty or duties to the receiver-general of the stamp duties, or other proper officer appointed to col!e£l and receive the same, and the said commissioners are hereby required to damp or mark, or cause to be damped or marked, for the several persons who shall bring and deliver any quantity of damped vellum, parchment, nr paper, so written or engrossed upon, spoiled, obliterated, or by any other means rendered unfit for use or service, the like quantity of vellum, parchment, or paper, with the several and respective duties damped, marked, or impressed on the vellum, parchment, or paper, so written or engrossed upon, spoiled, obliterated, or by any other means rendered unfit for use or service, without demanding or taking directly or indirectly for the fame, any sum of money, or other consideration whatsoever; and the said commissioners for managing the stamp duties for the time being, or the major part of them, are hereby empowered from time to time, to make such rules and orders for regulating the methods, and limiting the times for such cancelling and’allowance as aforesaid, with respect to newspapers, almanacks, and Dublin directories, and other matters, as they shall upon experience and consideration of the several circumstances, find necessary or convenient for effectually securing the duties thereon, and doing judice to the persons concerned therein.

X.VII. And be it enacted, That from and aftCT the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three inclusive, if any person or persons Mm2 flull

140

The thirtj-fecotid Year of George III.

A. ID. A-all pTint, publish, fell, hawk, cany about, utter, 01 exjiofc to file any almanack

a. ztlmAnm n* unit 'fflunpr nr nnw hnnlr. mmnliUf. fir

except as before excepted, within the intention or meaning of tills act, not being . marked ,or stamped, as by this act is dm-ded, every such person shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of five pounds for the first offence, ten pounds for the second oflimee, and twenty, pounds for the third, to be recovered by any person who that! fuc. for the fame in a fumroary way, before any justice of the peace, who is hereby authorized to hear and determine the fame, and upon due.proof

thereof upon oath, and upon default of payment- of the said penalty, to commit

the offender to prison for one month, without bail or mainprize;- which said penalty shall be to the foie use and benefit of the person or persons who shall,

without fraud or covin, first sue fer the same.

LVJIl. And whereas many printers a«d publishers of newspapers, or daily accounts as aforesaid, by privately felling undamped newspapers or daily accounts

defraud your. Maicrty’s revenue, and injure the fair trader: for prevention whereof, b? it ciufled, That every printer or publisher of a newspaper, or daily account of goods imported or exported, (except as before excepted) printed or pub-lilhpd in the city of I)ubjin, or county of Dublin, during the continuance of this

' 3&1 shall on every day of publication, or the day following, between the hours

of twelve and two, on each day, cause to be delivered to the register of pamphlets, at the (lamp office in the said city of Dublin, one stamped imprdfion or copy of tjicJaid newspaper so printed or published; and every printer or pub-

lifiier of a newspaper, printed, or published during the time aforesaid, in any other place in this kingdom, shall on the day of the publication of such newspaper, or on the day following, in the like manner, between the hours of twelve and two, cause to be delivered to the next distributor of (lamps in the county in which :such'newsp,ipcr shall be printed or published, two impressions or copies of every such newsp’per'so printed or published, stamped as aforesaid, for which several -copies or impressions so delivered, the ref^eflive printers or publishers thereof, shall be paid the-usual and Current prieps-of such imprdfions or^copies.; which Lid several stamped ctfplc-i or impressions so delivered as aforesaid, shall be, and they are hereby declared to-be evidence against the several-.proprietors, publishers,

and.printers of such newspapers. respectively, in-all complaints, suits, actions, and -prosecutions to be commenced and carried on, as well touching such newspapers Tefpetlivciy, as every matter and thing-contained therein, and touching any other newspaper, and every matter 3m! thing therein contained, which shall be of the fame title, purport, or effect, with such inipreflion or-copy so delivered as aforesaid, although the fame should vary in some instances; and the printers, publishers, and proprietors of the said damped impressions or ..copies so delivered as aforesaid, shall bi deemed the printers, publishers, and proprietors, r^speclively of all newspapers, which shall be of the fime title, purport, or effect, with such copies or impressions so delivered as aforesaid, unless such printers, or proprietors refneflively, shall prove that such newspapers Tefpe'dively, were not printed or published by them respeiduely, or by or with their knowledge, privity, or direction; and every printer, proprietor, or publisher of such newspaper or newspapers, or daily account of goods imported and exported, except as before excepted, who shall neg’ecl or omit to deliver, or cause to be delivered, such copy or impression as herein before directed, shall for every such omission pay a penalty of one hundred pounds; and every primer, proprietor, or publisher of any undamped newspaper, or daily account as aforesaid, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds for every paper so undamped, which he or .(he shall print or publish, or cause to be

4

priwtd

The ihirij'/ecc/ul Year of George III. 141

printed or published, such penalties respectively to be recovered by any person or £)#

persons who shall sue for the same, by afliou or information, in any of his I79-

M.yefty's courts of record in this kingdom, or by civil bill at the session of the Chap, 3, city or county of Dublin, ot at the affixes in such county where the printer, u—-ywm^J pfroprietor, or publisher of such undamped newspaper or newspapers, or daily accounts as aforesaid, shall reside respectively, or shall print and publish such newspsper, or daily accounts, one moiety thereof to the use of your Majesty, and the other moiety to the use of the person suing for the same.

LIX. And be it enacted, That any person who shall buy or fell, or have, or keep in his, her, or their possession, any undamped newspaper during the continuance of this act, shall be subject and liable to the penalty of ten pounds sterling for every undamped newspaper so bought or -fold, or so found in his, her, or their poffrilion, such penalty to be recovered by civil bill, by any person who shall sue for the same \ one moiety of such penalty to be disposed of to the poor of the parish in which such offence shall be committed, and the other to the'use of the informer.

LX. And whereas many printers and publishers of newspapers, drike off a second publication, containing more advertisements or other matter than are contained in the copy given in at the -head-office as aforesaid, or to the dtflri-butor, if in the country, by which means your Majesty may be defrauded of the duties hereby granted, and other mischiefs and inconveniencies arise: be it therefore enacted, That any printer, -or publisher, who shall vary any of the daily publications, or publish the fame, without giving in a copy of such second impression, if in Dublin, to the head-office aforesaid, or if in the country, to the didributor of damps, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds sterling to any person or persons who shall sue for the same in any coutt of record, by atUon, bid, plaint, or information, wherein no essoign, protection, or wager of law Hull be allowed, or by civil bill in the proper court.

LXI. And be it enacted, That-every person who shall print or pubiUh any ad-vemlement or advertisements in any pamphlet, newspapers, or other literary performance, shall within the space of thirty days after the printing or publication of such advertisement or advertisements, if the same shall be printed or published within the city of Dublin, pay Or cause to be paid the duty or duties thereon hereby charged, to the tespective persons appointed to receive the same, or to.

their respective deputies or clerks*, and if punted or publishod in any place out of schc limits of the city of Dublin, then to the next adjacent head-officer for the time being appointed for the collection of the said stamp duties *, and the said ‘commissioners and-officers, or such of them to-whom it shall appertain, are hereby required upon payment of the duties hereby charged on such advertisements, to give a receipt or receipts for the-duty or duties hereby'charged thereupon; ard in default of such payment within the time herein before for that purpose limited, the printer or publisher of every such advertisement shall be liable to pay to youT' Majesty, -your heirs and successors, treble the duties herein before by this -a# chargeable thereupon, to be recovered with full cods of fuir.

LXII. And be it enacted, That if any printer or publisher of any-newspaper,

-or-other paper serving the purposes of a newspaper, shall for the space of forty days after printing or puhlifliing such advertisement or advertisements, neglect to pay-the duties.hereby charged on advertisements, the said commissioners, and their officers for distributing damped -vellum, parchment, and paper respectively, are hereby prohibited to fell, and deliver to, or for the use of any such printer or publisher so in arrear, any stamped paper for printing any 'newspaper, until such printer or.publisher shall have paid and discharged all arrears of such advertise-Vol. XVI. N n ment

142 The thlrty-fccciul Year of George III.

j) ment duty, to the payment of which he was subject to and for the Iaft day of j the month, next preceding the month in v/hkh futh payment fiwll he made.

Ch'tj) 8 I'XIII. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons wharfoeviT, shall at any time or times hereafter, counterfeit or forge, or cause or procure -to be counterfeited or forged any type, mark, or ftomp to refembie any type, mark, or stamp already kept or used, or hereafter to be kept or used a; the head*o/]ke aforesaid, for denoting the charging or marking on vellum, parchment or paper, or other matter directed to be stamped, any of the duties by this act charged thereon, or shall-countcrfeit, mark, or impress, or cause cr procure to-be counterfeited, marked, or impressed on any vellum, parchment, or paper, any mark or device to refembie any mark or device used or kept at the head-ofltce aforesaid, for denoting the charging or marking on vellum, parchment, or paper, or other matter or thing -directed to be stamped, any of the duties by this act charged thereon, thereby to defraud your Majesty, your heirs and successors, of any of the duties hereby granted; or shall utter, vend, or fell, or cause to be vended, cr fold, any vellum, parchment, or paper, with any counterfeit device, mark, or iin-pression thereupon, to refembie any mark or device used or kept at the head-o/Iice aforesaid, for the purposes aforesaid, knowing such device, mark, or impression to be counterfeited; then, every such person so offending, and being thereof du--,ly convicted, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

LXIV. And be it enacted, That from the twenty-fifth day-of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three inclusive, no person or persons shall publickly or privately insure or open, or keep any office for-insuring houses, furniture, goods, wares, merchandizes, or other property, from loss by fire in this kingdom, without first taking out a license for that purpose from the said commissioners for managing the ft amp duties, in manner herein after mentioned.

LXV. And be it enacted, That from and immediately after the passing of this act, the said commissioners for the time being, or the major part of them, shall under their hands and seals, grant a license for insuring houses, furniture, goods, wares, -merchandizes, or other property, from loss by fire, to all and every body and bodies politic or corporate, or other person or persons applying for the fame; which license shall set forth the name or names and other description-of the body or bodies politic or corporate, or person or persons taking out the fame, and also the principal house or other place where such business of insuring houses, furniture, goods, wares, and merchandizes, or other property from loss by fire, shall, at the time of taking out such license, be principally carried on by the body or bodies politic or corporate, or other person or persons taking out the vfame.

'LXVL And be it enacted, That all and every person and persons, body and ^bodies politic or corporate, who are or which during the time aforesaid, shall inftwe or set up, or keep any office for insuring houses, furniture, goods, wares, merchandizes, or other property from loss by fire, without the authority of such license as aforesaid, or in any other house or place, except the house or place to be named in the license under which such body or bodies politic or corporate, or other person or persons shall act; or such other house or houses, place or places, as shall be subordinate to the house or place to be named in such license, and be kept by some person or persons employed as agent or agents to any such body or bodies politic or corporate, or other person or persons having such license as aforesaid, or in any other manner contrary to such license, or to the intent and meaning of this act, shall forfeit for every day on which such offence shall be 1 committed.

The thirty fecoiul Year of George III. *43

iromiaed, the sum of fifty pound-*, ;m.i also double the amount of the premiums A. of insurance which, fjch body or bodies politic or corporate, or other ptrfun Audi I

rescue on any such day. Chap. 8%

l.XVII. And be it cn.ule.l, Th.n all every pci Ion and persons, nnd body ^V J and bodies politic or corporate, to whom any luck liecnle ak'.vcsaid shall be granted, shall at the time of receiving such license, give fccutiry, with fuiliciutt ftiretics, to be approved of by the major part of the said comminior.ers, by bond to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in such sums as the said eommhiior.cts may think reasonable, so as the fame do not exceed the probable amount of the /

duty payable by such body or bodies politic cr corporate, or person or persons ru-fptftively for half a year, with condition that if such person or persons, or body or bodies politic or corporate, shall faithfully make out, sign, and deliver an account of all money received for fitch ditties upon insurance, and well and truly make payment of all such Turns of money as shall be due and payable thereon to your Majesty, in pursuance of, and according to the true intent and meaning of this act, and also truly and faithfully observe and perform all the directions, matters and things herein contained on Ids, her, or their behalf to be observed and performed, -such bond shall be void, but otherwise to remain in full force.

LXVIII. And be it enacted, That every license to be taken under this act, shall have force only from the day of -granting the fame, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three inclusive, and no longer; but if a license shall be granted to two or more persons, and any or either of them shall die before the said twenty-fifth day of March, it Avail continue in force during the time aforesaid, for the benefit of the survivor or survivors of the persons licensed.

LXIX. And be it enacted, That where such business of ittfuring is carried on by companies, confiding of a greater number of partners than four, the license, so to be granted *by the said commissioners in manner aforesaid, shall be granted to such two or more of any such company or partners, as and for the whole company or partnerflup as shall be named to the said commissioners, under authority from-such company or partnership, and in every such case, the license shall -continue in full force until such time as aforesaid, from the day of the granting the fame, notwithstanding the deaths of the persons to whom such license shall be granted, for the benefit of such-company or partnership.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That all and every person itnd persons, and body and -bodies politic or corporate, so to be licensed as aforesaid, who from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, shall grant any policy of insurance for insuring property from loss by fire, or shall continue to insure on any policy, shall by themselves or such other person or persons as are, is, or shall be employed by, or under them, previously to the granting or continuing such policy of insurance, demand, and receive for the use of your Majesty, your heirs and succesloTS, of and from the person or persons, whose property shall be so insured, the sum of one shilling for every sum of one hundred pounds for which such policy shall be so made or continued, and so -in proportion for any less sum, and shall give a receipt for the duty so paid,

as and for one year's duty in such insurance, from the day of the date of the policy thereof, and in default of receiving such year’s duty in manner aforesaid, such person or persons, or body or bodies politic and corporate, so granting such policy, shall be accountable to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, for the said year’s duty, as if the fame had neen actually received.

LXXI. And for the more efleftual prevention of frauds to evade the duty on insurances against loss by fire: be it enacted, That if any person or persons shall N n 2 aft

‘The thirty-second Year of George II.I.

act as agent or agents, for any person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, in publickly or privately insuring or receiving subscriptions for insuring, or delivering out policies or receipts for insurance against loss by lire, except for fucJi person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, ns shall be duly licensed as aforesaid, every such person shall for every such of Tence forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds 5 and if any person or persons, whefe house or houses, furniture, goods, wares, merchandizes, or other property, situate or being in this kingdom,'{lull be at any time between the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, anti the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, inclusive, insured from loss by fire, by any person or persons, or bodies politic or corporate, not resident in this kingdom, shall omit, or neglect to pay the said commissioners the like duty after the rate of one shilling for every one hundred pounds, as if such insurance -were made by any person or persons licensed pursuant to this act, every such person shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds for every such omission or neglect, the said penalties respectively to be recovered by any person who shall sue for the same by bill, a£Hon, or information, in which no essoign, prote&ion, or wager of law shall be allowed, or by civil bill in the court of proper jurisdiction.

LXXII. And be it enacted, That every person or persons, who shall at any time between the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and the twenty-fifrh day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-.three inclusive, entitle himself or herself, or them’folvcs, to the benefit of any such insurance, Hull forthwith, on his, her, or their becoming so entitled, pay, or cjufe to be paid to the infurer or insurers, the duties aforesaid, and such insurer . or insurers shall, on every such payment, give a printed or mitten receipt for such duties to the person or persons paying the fame; and in case of any default of payment of such duty within the time, or in manner aforesaid, and before any loss shall be fullained, the policy of insurance, in respect of which such duty shall accrue, shall, so far as regards thgjjAriiired, be void to all intents and purport's whatsoever.

LXXIII. Vrovided always, and be it enacted, That in case of taking out a new policy of insurance before the expiration of an old policy, for the fake of insuring a greater or different sum, the fame proportionable abatement which the insurer or insurers shall make in respect to the premium of insurance, shall be made of the duty which under this act shall accrue on the new policy.

LXXIV. And be it enacted, That all and every body and bodies politic and corporate, or other person or persons who under this act shall obtain a license for any office of insurance against loss by fire, shall, from time to time, -keep a true and faithful account in writing, in which shall be inserted the number of the policy or inlhument of insurance, which from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, shall he HTued or granted, or continued by such body or bodies politic or corporate, or person or persons, the name or names of the person or persons insuring, with the place or places of his, her, or their abode, the sum insured, and the time for which the same shall be so insured, and also the day of the month and the date of the year in which such policy shall be issued , which account shall at all times bcopen for the inspetUon of any person or persons duly authorized under the hands and seals of the said commissioners for the stamp duties, or the major part of them, to inspect the same.

LXXV. And be it enacted, That all and every the body and bodies politic and corporate, ami other person or persons who shall have any Hcenfc under this act, for any insurance oflice, shall, from time to time, within the space of two months after the twenty-fourth day of June, twenty-ninth day of September, and the twenty-

144

A.D. 1792. Chap. 8.

The thirty-second Year of George III. 145

twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-thru*, or at 17^2. such other times after the expiration of the said two months, as may be Chap, 8.

ed by the major part of the said commissioners of the stamp duties, g:\ing a previous publick notice of fourteen days or more, by advertisement in the Dublin Gazette, deliver, or cause to be delivered to the said commissioners, or to the person or persons appointed by them to receive the same at the head office oi' the said commissioners, true copies of the accounts herein before directed to be kept by such licensed insurance office or offices, body or bodies politic or corporate, or such other Licensed person or persons, for the quarter which shall have been completed before such day of delivery or notice, as the case shall be, and at the same time shall pay all such sum and films as shall appear to be due on such accounts to the receiver-general for the time being, for receiving the said duties fur the use of your Majesty, your heirs and successors, at the said head-office, upon pain of forfeiting for every such default in not delivering the true copies of such accounts, the sum of five hundred pounds j and for every default in payment of the money due on such account, double the amount of the said monies due on the said account at the time of such default.

LXXVI. And whereas it is and hath been the custom for public notaries to note bills of exchange for non-payment or non-acceptance, and not protcfl the fame in proper form of law, by which the payment of the duties upon such noting or notarial acts has been, and may be evaded: for remedy whereof, be it enacted, That every public notary shall once in every two months, during the time aforesaid, deliver to the said commissioners cf stamp duties, or some person authorized by them, at the head office to receive the same, a faithful and true account in writing, and upon oath, of such bills of exchange as aforesaid, which shall have been noted by such public notary, and shall at the same time pay unto the receiver general of the stamp duties the film of two shillings and six pence for every such bill of exchange which shall be so noted by them, over and above the duty payable to his Majesty upon protesting the fame bill or bills, in case the owner or owners, holder or holders thereof shall at any time thereafter think proper to protest the same.

LXXVII. And in case any public notary shall neglect to account as aforesaid, or to pay the duties aforesaid, every such public notary shall for every such neglect ®r default in delivering a true account of such noting, forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds j and for every default of payment of the money due on such account, double the amount of the monies due on such account at the time of such default.

LXXVIII. And be it enacted, That the said receiver general of the stamp duties at the head-ofi:e, or other person or ersons duly appointed by the major part of the said commissioners to receive the duties upon insurances again! lof3 by fire, by this act imposed, shall make an allowance to all and every person and persons, body and bodies politic or corporate, so to be Licensed as aforesaid, respectively, for their own use and trouble in receiving the said duties, and making out such accounts as herein directed, after the rate of one shilling in the pound cut of the monies by them accounted for and paid to such receiver,general, or such oilier person or persons aforesaid, according to the directions herein contained.

LXXIX. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for your Majesty, your heirs and fuccdTors, and to end for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of tl is kingdom for the time being, out of the produce of the duties hereby grarted, to cause such sum and sums of money to be expended and paid, from time to time, for fabrics and other incident charges,

Vol XVX. 0 o 'as

146 The thirty-second Year of George III.

A.D.

as ftaH be necessary in and for the receiving, collecting, levying, or managing 1792. *be fe*d duties, any thing in this act contained to the comrary llbtwithstand-

Chap. 8. n, K*

LXXX. And be it enacted, That all and every the officer and officers who shall be concerned in the levying, collecting, and receiving the du ies anfing by this act, shall keep separate and distinct accounts thereof, and that the several persons employed to collect and levy the said duties in the city cr county of Dublin, shall pay the same in specic into your Majesty's treasury, on the first Monday in every month, unless it be a holiday, and then on the next day which shall not be a holiday, and the several persons employed to levy and collect the said duties in other parts in this kingdom, shall pay the same in like manner, and at the like timer, to the several collectors of the inland excise of the respective districts in which the same shall be received and collected; and such collectors of inland excise are hereby authorized and required to receive and give receipts for the fame without fee or reward, and to keep distinct accounts thereof; and every stamp officer shall in six days after his making any payment into your Majesty's treasury, or to any of the said collectors, give notice of the amount of such payments to the commissioners for managing the stamp duties; and if such officers, or any of them, shall neglect or omit to pay the duties so by him levied and collected at the time, or in manner aforesaid, or shall detain any part of the monies by them collected and received, then and for such offence he or they shall be difinifTed from his or their employment, and be rendered incapable to serve your Majesty, your heirs or successors, and charged with interest for the monies so detained in his and their hands, after the rate of twelve pounds per centum per annum y the same to be recovered by action, suit, information, or by any other of the means whereby debts may be recovered by your Majesty, your heirs and successors, front publick accountants or debtors.

LXXXI. And be it enacted, That there shall be kept in your Majesty's treasury, one book in which all monies that shall be paid into the treasury by virtue of this act Hull be entered apart and distinct from all other monies paid or payable to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, upon any account whatsoever.

LXXXII. And be it enacted, That the comptroller of the duties hereby granted, shall certify once in every week to the accountant ge^.eral, the amount of the duties paid by the distributors or other officers of the stamp duties, to the several* collectors of the inland excise \ and that every such distributor shall likewise certify to the accountant general once in every month, the full amount of the fumi' paid by him on account of the said duties, to any collector or collectors of inland excise, specifying the name of such collector, and the respective times of payment, and the balance remaining in his hands; and if such comptroller, or distributor shall neglect to certify in manner aforesaid, he shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

LXXXIII. And be it enacted, That all such collectors of inland excise, shall; asr 10 alt such stamp duties so by them received, be subject and liable to the fame mode of account, and the fame regulations as they are, and shall be subject to, in respect of any other duties by them collected.

LXXXIV. And be it enacted, That none of the duties granted by this act, strall be received or collected by, or paid to the said commissioners for managing stamp duties, and that the several persons who have been, or shall be Vrespectively employed in receiving, collecting, or paying the several duties by this act, or any of the said former acts granted, shall, when called upon for that purpose, exhibit their respective accounts of such duties to the commissioners for taking imprest' accounts for the time being, or t^c major part of them, who shall and are hereby respectively authorized and required from time to time to examine upon oath- the

6 persons

The thirty-second Year of George III. 147

perf'jns who shall b- employed in raising, receiving, or collecting the said duties as to their accounts, and as to the sum or sums of money which was, or were by them, or any of them l .-speclively raised, collected, or received within the time of such their accounts, and likewise what part thereof was by them or any of them paid into the receipt, of your Majesty's exchequer, or to the collectors of the in* land excise as aforesaid; and in accounting before the said commissioners, or the major part of them, they are to produce proper vouchers for any sum or sums of money so by them raised, received and paid; and the said commissioners of imprest accounts, or the major part of them, are hereby authorized and required finally to adjust and settle such accounts, and to give discharges to tire said several accountants.

I,

XXXV. And be it enacted, That when the accounts of the money received for the f.iid several duties shall have been so audited, the same shall be signed by the said commissioners of imprest accounts, or the major part of, them, and shall be at all times to the officers therein concerned, a full and sufficient warrant and discharge to all intents and purposes.

LXXXVl. And be it enacted, That all penalties and forfeitures imposed by this act, unless otherv/ife directed, may be recovered by any person who shall sue for the same by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of your Majesty's courts of record in Dublin, in which no essoign, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed; one moiety thereof to the use of your Majesty, and the other moiety to the use of the person suing for the same.

LXXXVII. And be it enacted, That a separate and distinct account of all monies arising by the duties mentioned in the schedule on Hcenfes to keep lottery offices, Hull be kept by the several proper officers, and that the fame or a fulficieiit part thereof shall be paid and applied to defray the charges and expences of managing and drawing any lottery or lotteries in this kingdom, in such manner as the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being Avail direct, and that the residue, if any, shall be applied towards defraying the expences of your Majesty's government.

LXXXVIII. And be it enacted, That neither the six pence per pound, nor any other fee shall be payable to, or be deducted, or received by die vice treasurer or vice treasurers, receiver or pay-matter general, clerk of the pells, or any other officer or officers of this kingdom for their use, for or on account of the issuing or payment of any sum or sums of money arising by, or which shall be received for or on account of the aids by this act granted, or of any payment to be made in pursuance of this act, but that the fame shall be received and duly accounted for to your Majesty, your heirs and successors.

LXXXIX. And be it enacted, That the schedule hereunto annexed, shall be deemed and taken to be a part of this act, to all intents and purposes.

A.D. 1792. Chap. 8.

602 A SCHEDULE

148 Tie thirty-second - :-:

A.B.

1792. A SCHEDULE of the several: :..v paid on

'0^1^ every Skill or Piece of Vellum 0. ;nt, or

Piece or Sheet of Paper, on v.!:, be en-

grofled or written, or printed, any . Articles, or Tilings therein set forth.

I^OR every (kin or piece of vellum, or parchment, or piece c. Iiect of paper, on which shall be engrossed, written, or printed, the follov. i articles, die

duties following 11.all be respectively paid:

IOO

ARTICLES. Duties.

Any license to keep a lottery office Any dispensation to hold two ecclesnllical dignities or benefices, or both a dignity and a benefice, or any other dispensation or faculty from the lord archbishop of Armagh, or mailer of the faculties for the time being poo

Any grant or letters patent under the great seal of Ireland, of any honour, dignity, promotion, fraticlufe, liberty or privilege to any penon or persons, bodies politick or corporate, or exemplification of the fame, commissions of rebellion in process always exempted - o o

Any grant from his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any Aim of money, exceeding two hundred pounds, which shall pass die great seal of Ireland — ' — — 900

Any grant of any office or employment which shall be above the value of two hundred pounds per annum '9o q

'Any adiniffion of any fellow of the college of physicians, or of f any clerk, advocate, prodlor, notary, or other officer or officers Ip.': any court whatsoever, except such officer be an annual . officer^in any corporation or inferior court, whose office is under - the value of ten pounds a year in salary, fees, or other perquisites, or . any appeal from the court of admiralty, or the prerogative court, or at any archiepiscopal court . - 600

Any admissiou of anyiludent in the society of King’s-In.ns 10 o o

Any adimflion-of any barrilter into the Inns of Court - 10 0 0

Any pardon (except the pardons passed in forma pauperis) of or for any crime or offence, or of any money or forfeiture whatsoever, or of any warrant or reprieve, relaxation from any fines, corporal punishment, or other forfeiture — — 400

Any grant from his Majesty, his heirs or successors of any sum of money not exceeding two hundred pounds, nor less than one hundred

pounds, which shall pass die great seal of Ireland 400

Any grant of any office or employment which shall be above the value of fifty pounds per annum, and under the value of two hundred pounds per annum — x 400

3 1 M

Duties. £. u d.

The thirty-second Year of George III.

ARTICLES.

Any grant of lands in fee, lease for years, or other grant or profit not herein particularly charged, that shall pass the great seal of the exchequer (cujlod'utm leaks excepted) — — 3 o o

Any presentation or donation which shall pass the great seal of Ireland, or upon which any collation to be made byanyarchbishop or bishop, of any presentation or donation to be made by any patron whatsoever, of or to any benefice, dignity, or spiritual or ecclesiastical promotion whatsoever, of the value of one hundred pounds a year 3 0 0

And if of the value of two hundred pounds a year, or upwards, the value to be ascertained by certificate of the archbishop or vicar-general of the diocese; provided always, That two or more benefices episcopally united, shall be deemed and taken to be one benefice only - 600

Upon each part of indentures for binding an apprentice to an attorney 200

And a further duty for the fame - 700

Upon each part of indentures for binding an apprentice to a notary public 300 Any admission of an attorney into every court into which he shall be

admitted an attorney - 300

Every admission of a solicitor into the court of chancery —- 300

Any commission that shall be issued from any court whatsoever for taking affidavits ..1- - — 100

Any exemplification of what nature soever, that shall pass the seal of any court whatsoever - 0 1$ 0

Any institution that shall pass the seal of any archbishop, bishop, chancellor, or other ordinary or ecclesiastical court whatsoever \ provided, that an institution to two or more benefices episcopally united, shall be considered as an institution to a single benefice - 0 15 o

Any conveyance, surrender of grants or offices, release or other deed whatsoever, which shall be enrolled of record in any of the courts of the city of Dublin, or in any court of record whatsoever 076

Any exemplification of a decree of the court of chancery under the great seal - 07 6

Any sentence that shall be given In the court of admiralty, or any attachment that shall be made out of the said court of admiralty,

or any relaxation of any such attachment — 076

Any writ of covenant for levying a fine — — 07 6

Any writ of entry for fullering a common recovery — — 076

Any commUfion issued out of any ecclesiastical court not herein before

particularly charged 076

Any warrant, monition, or personal decree in the court of admiralty, except in suits for payment of feameri's wages - 0 7 6

Any probate of a will, or letters of administration for any estate above the value of thirty pounds, and not of the value of one hundred pounds ——— 050

If of the value of one hundred pounds, and not of the value of three

hundred pounds - 0 10 o

If of the value of three hundred pounds, and not of the value of six hundred pounds - -» — I O O

Vol. XVL P p H

149

A.D. 1792.Chap. 3.

The thirty-feccnd Year of George III.

Dl'T!3

A R 'r I C I- E s.

If of tile value of six hundred pounds, ami not of the value of one thousand pounds - 1 10

If of the value of one thousand pounds, and upwards - 2 o o

Any writ of error, certiorari, or appeal, except to the delegates 05c

Any receipt or other discharge for any legacy lelt by any will or other testanientary instrument, or for any lliare or part of a personal estate, divided by force of the future of distributions, the amount whereof shall not exceed twenty poumh, except such legacies as shall he left to the wife, children, or grand children, of the person making such will or tcitamenury inllrumcut, or shall be divided atnotigil

them by force of the find llatit’.c - 0 2 6

Where the amount thereof shall be of the value of twenty pounds,

and not amounting to one hundred pounds, except as aforesaid 0 5 o

Where the amount thereof shall be of the value of one hundred pounds

and upwards, except as aforesaid - I o o

Any recognizance conditioned for the payment of money, or performance of covenants, or agreements, ttatute ftapie, or llarute merchant, or entered of record in any court or office, except such recognizances as shall be entered into by persons applying for licenses to fell by retail, beer, ale, wine, strong waters, or other liquors, which recognizances shall be considered as bonds, and shall pay accordingly - 050

Any record of ttjfipriusf or pof,cat - 050

Every judgment whatsoever, which shall be signed by the master of any oflice, or his deputy, or secondary, or by any prothonotary, or his secondary, deputy or clerk, or any other officer belonging to any of the courts of the city of Dublin, who have power, or usually do or shall sign judgments - — 050

Any bill, answer, replication, rejoinder, interrogatories, depositions taken by commissioners, or any pleadings whatsoever in the courts of chancery or exchequer, save and except exceptions to answers filed in the said courts - — O2 0

Any indenture, lease, or deed-poll not otherwise charged, except . indentures of npprenticeship, where no apprentice fee shall be given, or if any be given, such apprentice fee shall not exceed the sum of ten pounds, and also except indentures for binding poor parish, or other children supported by publick or private chariliw, and also except indentures binding apprentices toattornies,.or publicknotaries 026 Any charter party, policy of insurance, passport, or any protest, procuration, letter of attorney, except warrants of attorney for judgments on bonds, or any other notarial act whatsoever — 026

Any admission-into any corporation or company - 020

Any decree or dismission made by or in the courts of chancery or ex-

Any writ of habeas corpus - 0 1 0

Any special bail to be taken in any of the courts in the city of Dublin, or before any of the judges of the said courts, or in any court

whatsoever .—- - o 1 0

6 Any

The thirty-second Year of George III. tj.i

A R t i c i, e s.

Any common bail to be filed in any couit whatsoever, and any appear-

snce that shall be made on such bail ——

Any affidavit, except such affidavits as shall be taken before the officers of his Majesty's culloms or excise, or any justice or justices of the peace, or before a magistrate of any corporation acting as a justice of the peace, or acting in any court of conscience, or of summary jurisdiction, or before any judge of afii2C, or commission of oyer and terminer relative to prosecutions or.trials on indictments, or to civil bills, or that shall be made for the purpose of raising or accounting for the public money, and except affidavits made relative to the hempen and linen manufactures, or to the payment of corn premiums, or made before the trustees of any turnpike, relative to the roads or tolls of such turnpikes, oV affidavits made before the

Dublin society ——

Any copy of such affidavit which shall be read in any court what-

Any original writ (except such original upon which a writ of capias fucs) fubpeena, writ of capias qnm'mis, writ of dedimus proteflatem, to take answers, examine witnesses, or appoint guardians, or any other writ whatsoever, or any other process or mandate that shall issue out of or pass the seal of any of the courts of the city of Dublin, or any other court whatsoever, holding plea, where the debt or damage doth amount to forty shillings or above, or the thing in

demand is of that value ——

Any entry of any action in the mayor’s, or (lieriffs courts of the city of Dublin, and in courts in all corporations, and in other courts whatsoever, out of which no writs, process, or mandate issue, holding plea, where the debt or damage doth amount to forty shillings or above

Any rule or order, except in causes prosecuted upon indictments, or which relate to presentments made or given in any of the courts at the city of Dublin, cither courts of law or equity which shall be taken out ——

Any copy of such rules or orders, except in causes prosecuted upon indictments, or which relate to presentments entered, or the copies of any other record or proceedings in any of the said courts of the said city of Dublin, not hereby otherwise charged -

Any citation or monition made in the prerogative court, or in any cc-clefiastical court, or any libel or allegation, deposition, answer, sentence or decree, or any inventory exhibited in the prerogative court, or in any ecclesiastical court, or the court of admiralty, or whereupon any copies of them respectively shall be engroJTed or written, except in suits for recovery of seamen’s wages -

Any warrant of attorney, for entering judgment on any bond -

Any release, contract, bond, or other obligatory instrument -

Any memorial of any deed, conveyance, will, or devise, which shall be registered in the publick office for registering such memorials

abovenli duties payable thereon ——

I’p i Eaah

o i o

0 0 2

0 I o

oto o i o

© i

0 I o

O I 0

o t o

0 t9

i The thirty-second Year of George III.

A.D. 1792.

Chap. 8.

ARTICLES.

Each and every exception or exceptions to any answer filed in any court of equity in this kingdom ——

And a further duty for the fame* after the rate of one shilling for every ninety words which each and every exception shall contain, over and above the first ninety words -

And a further duty upon each and every such exception, over and above the first ten exceptions -

And a further duty upon the fame, after the rate of two shillings and six pence for every ninety words which each and every such exception shall contain, over and above the first ninety words ——

Any copy of any will nttefted by the proper officer of the prerogative court, or any ecclesiastical court -

Any declaration, plea, replication, rejoinder, demurrer, or other pleadings whatsoever, in any court of law, or any copy thereof Any depositious taken in the court of chancery, or court of exchequer, except the paper drafts of such depositions taken by virtue of any commission before they are engrossed, which are not herein before charged —

Any copy of any bill, answer, plea, demurrer, replication, rejoinder, interrogatories, depositions, or other proceedings whatsoever, taken in the court of chancery, or court of exchequer, or in any court of equity ——

Every almanack or calendar for any one particular year, or for any time less than a year, which shall be printed on one side only of any one (licet or piece of paper only, and which shall not be afterwards

bound or separated into leaves ——

Every other almanack or calendar for any one particular year — Every almanack or calendar made to serve for several years, the ref-

pective rates of one penny - __

And two pence shall be paid for every such year as aforesaid — Every Dublin directory / -

Every paper containing public news, intelligence, or occurrence Any instrument entitling any person or persons exporting any goods, wares or merchandizes, to any drawback or bounty on exporting

the fame — -----—« ——

Any license for retailing wine, beer, ale, spirits, or cider, or tea and groceries, or any license to manufacture or deal in tobacco, or for manufacturing candles or soap for sale, or for felling or manufacturing paper hangings, or for felling or making gold or silver plate for sale, or for felling home-made spirits as a factor, or by wholesale, or for keeping a coftee-house.

Duties.

O I o

02 6

0 2 6

0 0 2

O O 2

O 0 I

O O I

0 0 2

004

001 0 0 2

0 0 2

0 0 I

0 0 1

001

CHAP-

The thirty-second Year of George III.

*53

A.D. 1792.

CHAP. IX.

An Act for pit ni/king Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters within this Kingdom. 0

WHEREAS the raising or keeping a (landing army within this kingdom, in time of peace, unless it be with the content of parliament, is ngaitift. jaw: and whereas it is judged neccHary by his Majesty, and this prefen t Parliament, that a body of forces should be continued for- the safety of this kingdom, and the defence of the possessions of his Majesty's crown j and that the whole number of such forces should confilt of fifteen thousand two hundred and diiity-two men; whereof twelve thousand men, commissioned and non-commissioned officers included, shall be kept within this kingdom, for the necessary defence of the fame at all times, except in cases of invasion or rebellion in Great Britain: and whereas no man can be forejudged of life or limb, or subjected in time of peace to any kind of punishment within this realm by martial law, or in any other manner than by the judgment of his peers, and according to the known and established law of this realm 5 yet nevertheless, it being requisite for the retaining all the before mentioned forces in their duty, that an exalt discipline be observed, and that soldiers who shall mutiny or (tir up sedition, or shall desert his Majesty's service, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy punishment than the usual forms of the law will allow: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That if any person being mustered, or in pay as an officer, or who is or shall be enlisted or in pay as a soldier, shall at any time during the continuance of this act, begin, excite, cause, or join in any mutiny or sedition in the regiment, troop, or company to which he doth belong, or in any other regiment, troop, or company, either of his Majesty's land or.marine forces in his Majesty's service, or shall not use his utmost endeavours to suppress the fame, or coming to the know* ledge of any mutiny, or intended mutiny, Avail not without delay give information thereof to his commanding officer $ or shall misbehave himself before the enemy, or shall shamefully abandon or deliver up any garrison, fortress, post or guard committed to his charge, or which he shall be commanded to defend, or shall compel the governor or commanding officer of any garrison, fortress, or post, to deliver up to the enemy, or to abandon the fame, or shall speaT: words, or use any other means to induce such governor or commanding officer or other, to miffichave before the enemy, or shamefully to abandon or deliver r.p any garrison, fortress, post or guard committed to their respective charge, cr which he or they shall be commanded to defend, or shall leave his post before relieved, or shall be found sleeping on his post, or shall bold correspondence with, or give advice or intelligence to any rebel, or enemy of his Majesty, either by letters, mef- sages, signs, or tokens, in any manner cr way whatsoever, or shall treat or enter into any terms with such rebel, or enemy, without his Majesty's li.enfe, or license of the general) or chief commander, or shall strike, or use any violence against his superior officer, being in the execution of Ids office, or shall disobey any lawful command of Ira superior officer, or shall desert his Majesty's finict; all and Yol. XVI. Qjq every

The thirty-second Year s/" George I'll.

A.D.

I 7,) 2.

9.

every person or persons so oiiemling in any of the matters before mentioned, shall iuifer death, or such other punishment as by a court martial shall be awarded.

II. Provided, and it is hereby declared and er.acled, T}iat any non-commissioned officer or foidi.r, enlisted or in pay in any regiment, trcop, or company, who fiull, without having first obtained a regular discharge therefrom, enlist Jiimfdf in any other regiment, troop, or company, Audi-be deemed to have dcferied his Majesty's fcrv'ice, and shall in like manner suffer death, or such other punishment as by a court martial shall he awarded.

III. Ami whereas doubts have arisen whether soldiers who of right belong to another corps in which they first enlisted, and from which they have not obtained a discharge, may be proceeded against and tried for deferring any corps in which they may afterwards have enlisted, or ftr any crime committed by them vhi 1st Curving therein: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any psrson who is or shall he enlisted or in pay as a soldier, in any regiment, troop, or company in his Majesty's service, shall desert the fame, or shall, whilst feiv-:jg therein, commit any offence against this a cl, or against the rules or articles of war, such person shall be liable to be tried by a court martial, and pumshed in like manner as if he had originally enlisted 111, and of right belonged to the fame;, notv.’ithstanding it shall have been discovered or known that he had previously belonged to Come other regiment, troop, or company, and not been discharged

therefrom.

IV. Provided always, That if such person shall be claimed by such other regiment, troop, or company, and be proceeded against as a deserter therefrom, his subsequent desertion from any one or more corps in which he may have unwarrantably enlisted, may, unless he shall already have been tried for the fame, be given in evidence as an aggravation of lu$ crime, previous notice being always given to such deserter, of the fuel or fafts intended to be produced in evidence upon his trial.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That his Majesty may from time to time by his royal commission, empower the lord lieutenant of this kingdom, or other chief governor or governors of the fame for the time being, to appoint general courts martial, from time to time, as well as to direct his or their warrant to any general officer having the chief command of a body of forces within this kingdom, authorizing him to convene general courts martial, as occasion may require, for the trial of offences committed by any of the forces under his command $ all which general courts martial shall be constituted, and shall regulate their proceedings , according to the several provisions herein after spe-

oified.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may he lawful to and for such courts martial by their sentence or judgment, to inflict corporal punishment, not extending to life or limb, on any soldier for immoralities, misbehvaiour, or neglect of duty.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That no general court martial which shall be held under the authority of this act, shall consist of a less number than thirteen commissioned officers, and the president of such general court martial shall not be the commander in chief nor governor of the garrison where the offender shall be tried, nor under the degree of a field officer, unless where a field officer cannot be had, nor in any case whatsoever under the degree of a captain; and that all general courts martial shall have power and authority, and are hereby required to administer an oath to every witness, in order to the examination or trial of any of the offences that shall come before them.

VIII. Provided always, That in all trials by general courts martial, to be held by virtue of this act, every member assisting at such trial, before any proceedings

3 be

The thirty-second Year of George III. 15-5

be had thereupon, shall take the following oaths upon the holy Evangelists, before A.D. the judge advocate, or h:s deputy, (who me hereby authorized to administer the J 792. fame,) that is to say, u you shall well and truly try and determine according to Chap. 9. " your evidence in the matter now before you." J

So help you God.

I A.B. do fiver, That I will duly adwinifer justice, according io the rules and . articles for the better government of his hlaffys forces, and according to an act of par-liutnent wiu in free for the punifimtlt (f mutiny anddefertion, and other crimes therein mentioned) without partiality, favour, cr aJftU'm; and if any doubt pall arift which is net explained by the fa'ul articles or act of parliament, according to my confdence, the btf of n:y underfunding, and the cxjh.tr. oj war in /lie cases. Asii Ifurther fivear, that I twi!l list divulge the sentence of the court until it Pall be approved by his Majesty, cr by feme perfo/t duly authorized by him s neither mill /, upon any account, at any time vhat-fctvtr, difhfe cr difesver the vote cr opinion of any particular member of the ccurt martial) unhfs required to give evidence thereof as a witness, by a ccurt of justice, in a due coup of law.

So help me God.

And as soon as the said oath shall have been administered to the respective members, the president of the court is hereby authorized and required to administer to the judge advocate, or the person officiating as such, an oath in the following words:

I A.B. do fioear, That I will not, upon any account, at any time whatsoever, dif chfe or discover the vote or opinion of any particular member of the court martial\ unless required to give evidence thereof -as a witness, in a due course of law.

So help me God.

And no sentence of death shall be given against any offender in such case by any general court martial, unless nine officers present shall concur thereinand in all cases where a court martial shall consist of more officers than thirteen, then the judgment shall pass by the concurrence of two-thirds at the lead of the officers present; and no proceedings or trial shall be had upon any offence, but between the hours of eight of the clock in the morning and three in the afternoon, except in cases which require an immediate example.

IX. And be it further enacted arid declared, That in case of any soldier tried andconvifted of desertion, whensoever the court martial which shall pass sentence upon such trial, shall not think the offence deserving of capital punishment, such court martial mayjinstead of awarding a corporal punishment adjudge the offender, if they shall think fit, to serve as a soldier in any of the corps (htioned in any of His Majesty's dominions beyond the fees, or in foreign parts for life, or for a certain term of years, according to the degree of offence* and if such soldier shall afterwards, without leave from his Majesty, or from the commanding officer of the corps in which he shall be appointed to serve, return into this realm before the expiration of the term limited by such fentcr.cc, and shall be cor.vifted (hereof by a court-martial, he shall fuller death.

X. Provided always, That the party tried by any general court-martial, shall be entitled to a copy of the.sentence and proceedings of such court-martial upon demand thereof made by himself, or by any other person or persons on his behalf, he or they paying reasonably for the fame, at any time not fconer than three months after such sentence, whether such sentence be approved of or not, any thing in this act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Qjl z

Xf. Provided

156

A.D.

792-Chap. 0.

The thirty-second Year of George III.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every judge advocate, or person officiating as such, at any general court martial do, and he is hereby required to transmit with as much expedition as the opportunity of time and didance of place can admit, the original proceedings and sentence of such court martial to the chief secretary of the lord lieutenant, c»r other chief governor or governors of the kingdom of Ireland, to be laid before him or them, and when the determination shall have been made upon the sentence therein contained, to be lodged with the judge advocate general in Dublin \ whith faiil original proceedings and fuitence shall be carefully kept and preferred in the office of such judge advocate general, to the end that the person entitled thereto may be enabled upon application to the office to obtain «j ics tl ercof, according to - the true intent and meaning of this act.

XII. Provided also, and be it ’further enacted and declared, That nene of the proceedings of any general or regimental ccurr-nuuial, nor any entry or copy thereof, shall be charged or chargeable with any llamp duty whatsoever, any thing contained in any former act or acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. Provided always, and be it hereby declared and enacted, That no officer or soldier being acquitted or convffteJ of any offence, be liable to be tried a second time by the fame or any ther court-martial for the fame offence, unless in the case of an appeal from a regimental to a general court martial; and that no fcmencegiven by any court martial, and signed by the preiident thereof, be liable to be reviled more than once.

XIV. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained, shall extend, or be eonilrued to exempt any officer or soldier whatsoever from being proceeded against by the ordinary course of law.

XV. And for preventing of frauds and deceit in the muttering of soldiers, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person do make or give, or procure to be made or given, any false or untrue certificate whereby to excuse any soldier for his absence from any muster, or any other service which he ought to attend or perform, upon pretence of being employed on some other duly of the regiment, or of sickness, being in prison, or on furlough 5 then every such person so making, giving, or procuring such certificate, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, and shall be forthwith cashiered and difphced from his office, and shall be thereby utterly difnbled to have or hold any military office or employment within this realm*, and no certificate shall cicufe the absence of any soldier, but for the reasons above mentioned, cr one of them; and the commiliary of the mutters, is hertby direckd to set down on the roll, at the time of taking of the muster, the reason of the absence of such soldier respectively, and by whom certified, and not to set down any such excuse without view of such certificate.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every officer that shall make any false or untrue mutter of man or horse, and every commissiry, muster-master, or other officer, who shall wittingly or willingly allow or sign the muster-roll, wherein such false muster is contained, or any duplicate thereof*, and also every commissary, muster-master, or other officer who shall di-Teftly or indtreftly take, or cause to be taken, any sum or sums of money, or any other gratuity, on or for the muttering any regiment, troop, or company, or on or for the signing of any mutter-rolls, or any duplicate thereof, upon proof thereof upon oath made by two witnesses before a general court-martial to be thereupon called, which is hereby authorized and required to administtr such onth, Avail for such offence be forthwith cashiered and difphced from such his tffice, and shall be thereby utterly disabJed to have or fold any civil or military office cr employment within this realm.

6

The thirty-second Year of George III. 1^7

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every com- A.D. miflary or muster-master upon any muster to be made, had, or taken by him or I7<j2. them, shall, by a convenient time before such muster made, give notice to (he Qj;in. 9. mayor, or other chief magistrate or officer of the place where the hud soldiers so

to be muttered shall be quartered, who is hereby required to be prefect at every such muster, and give his utmost a Alliance for the difeorering any false or untrue muster there made, or offered to be made; and that every such commissary or muster-master making or taking such muster, that shall negletft to give such notice as aforesaid, or'shall refuse to take the aid and assistance of such mayor, chief magistrate, or officer where the soldiers to be mustered Dull be qmmered, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, and shall be discharged from his office; and jiomuf-ter-roll shall be allowed, unless the fame be signed by the said mayor, or other chief magistrale or officer respectively; but in case such mayor, chief magistrate or officer shall not, upon due notice given, attend such muster, or shall refuse to sign such muster-roll, without giving good and sufficient reasons for such his refusal, that then the commissary may proceed to muster such regiment, troop, cr company., without incurring the said penalty, and such muster-roll shall be allowed, though not signed as aforesaid; provided that as soon after taking such muster as conveniently may be, oath be made by the commissary or muster-master, before any of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county where such muster shall be taken, or otherwise before one of his Majesty's courts of record, or before a master in chancery in Dublin, that such notice was duly given to the said mayor, chief magistrate, or officer as aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That’if any person shall be falsely mustered, or offer himself -falsely or deceitfully to be mustered, upon proof thereof made upon oath by two witnesses, before the next justice of the peace for the county where such muster shall be made, and upon certificate thereof in writing under the hand of the commissary of the musters, or chief magistrates as aforesaid, made to such justice of the peace, the said justice is hereby authorised and required to commit such offender to the house of correction, there to remain for the space often days; and if any person shall wittingly or willingly lend or furnish any horse to be mustered, which shall not truly belong to the "trooper or troop so mustered, the said horse so falsely mustered shall be forfeited to the informer, if the fame doth belong to the person lending or furnishing the said horse; or otherwise the person lending or furriishing the said horse, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds,'upon oath made by two witnesses before the next justice of the peace; which twenty pounds shall be levied by warrant under the hand and feel of the said justice, by distress and sale of the goods and -chattels of the person so offending, rendering the overplus, if any be, to the owner; and in case such offender shall not have sufficient goods and chattels whereon distress' may be made, to the value of the penalty to be recovered against him, or flmll not pay such penalty within four days after such conviction, then, and in such case, fuel) justice of the peace flisl! and may, by watrant under his hand and sea), either commit such offender to the common gaol, there to remain without bail or main-prize, for the space of three months, or cause such offender to be publickly whipped at the'discretion of such justice; and the said forfeiture shall be to such person or persons that shall give information thereof; and the said informer or informers, if belonging to the service, shall have a right to be discharged forthwith, if he or they (halt demand the same.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every commissioned officer, store-keeper, or commissary, that flisl) tmbezzld cr manifeiUy . cause to be embezzled or misapplied, or flmll wilfully or through neglrft, suffer r.:n* provisions, forage, arms, clothing, ammunition, or other military Acres tn

Vol. XVI. R t b-

158 The thirty-second Year of George III.

be (polled or damaged, upon proof thereof upon oath made by two witness before a general court-martial, which i$ hereby authorized - and required to administer such oath, shall be forthwith dismissed his Majesty's service, and forfeit the sum of i one hundred pounds, and is hereby required to make good at his own expence the loss and damage thereby sustained, to be ascertained by such court-martial, which shall have power to seize the goods and chattels of the person so offending, and fell them for the payment of the said one hundred pounds, and such dan-age, and if sufficient goods and chattels cannot be found and seized, then the person so offending, shall be committed to prison, or the common gaol, to remain there for six months, without bail or mainpri’/e, and until he shall pay such deficiency; ami after the said sum shall be recovered and levied, the same shall be applied and disposed of as his Majesty shall diicdt and appoint*

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every commis-fary of the musters, or mutter-matter, either of the land forces or marines, making or taking a mutter, do make oalh before the mayor or chief magistrate attending the making or taking such muster as aforesaid, if such mayor or chief magistrate so attending be a justice of the peace, or other wise before one of his Majesty's courts of record, or before a mailer ttt chancery in Dublin, who is hereby authorized to administer the same in the manner following;

I A.B. do fivcar% that I Jaw, at the tune of taking a mufttr of such troops or companies of this regiment as lay uithin my present circuity such men or horses (of such troops or companies so mufered by me as are borne, and not resp'ihd on the mujler-roll, for which men or horses a signed certificate or certificates, are not endorsed on the back of the roil, certifying their being absent from the muser by reason of being employed on some other duty of the regiment, or by being sick, in prison, on furlough, or at grass, or by

0 fgned leave from the colonel or field officer, or officer commanding the regiment, troop, or company. I Ukewife /wear, that I affified in examining and comparing this tmtjltr-rdl with the regimental book; that I have fetn and examined the attejlations of all the recruits of the periods t that J find them compleat, and believe them to be jttjl and cor-reB

Which oaths the said commissary, or muster-master is hereby directed to insert, and subscribe on the back of the muster-roll by him delivered into the office of the commissary-general of the musters, and as soon as the commissaries of the musters shall have severally completed their circuits within twenty-one days after the fame, they are hereby directed personally to appear at the office of the muster-mader general in Dublin, and in his presence, or in that of his deputy, who is hereby direct-cd to attend, before one of his Majesty's courts of record, or before a matter in chancery, to make and subscribe the following oath, viz.

J, A.B. do f wear, that at the times and places severally named in the mujler-rolls taken by me of the following regiments, ws.

1 was personally present, and did at the time of taking the said mujlers, tiffijl ill comparing the several mujier-rolls with the regimental books of the feve*al regiments, troops,

«r (‘ompaiiitt, and that I believe them }ujl and correB taken before me.

Which said oath is to be attested by the said muster-master general, or his deputy.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any pay-matter, agent, or clerk of any gaTtifon, 'regiment, troop, or company, shall wilfully detain or withhold by the space of one month the pay of any officer or soldier, cloth.es and all other just allowances being -dedu&etl, after such pay shall be

by

1792. Chap.9

The thirty-second Year of George III. 159

by him or them received, or if any officer having received his soldiers pay, shall A.D. refuse to pay each respc£Uve non-commissioned officer and soldier their respective 1792, pay, when it shall become due, according to the several rates established by order Qiapt of government, then upon proof thereof before a court-martial as aforesaid, to be w'-v’’-*-*.> for that purpose held and summoned, every such paymaster, agent, clerk, or officer so offending, shall be discharged from his employment, and shall forfeit to the informer upon convicliott before the said court, one hundred pounds, to be levied as aforesaid, and the informer, if a soldier, if he demands it, Hull be, and he is hereby discharged from any further service; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And for the better execution thereof, and that a true and regular account may be kept and rendered by the agents of the several regiments and iwle-pendant troops and companies, the said agents are hereby required and directed to observe such orders and directions as shall from time to time be given by his Majesty, under his sign manual, or by his Majesty's chief governor, or governor of this kingdom; and if any agent shall refuse or neglect to observe and comply with such orders and directions, he shall be discharged from his office, and be utterly disabled to hare or hold any such office in his Majesty's service in this kingdom.

XXIII. And it is enacted, That if any officer or commissary shall mutter any person by a wrong name knowingly, upon conviction thereof before a general court-martial, the said officer or commissary shall suffer such penalties, and in such manner as is directed and inflicted by this act upon those who shall make fasse musters.

XXIV. And whereas by an act passed in the sixth year of the reign of Queen Anne, entitled. An act to prevent the disorders that may happen by the marching- offU diersi and providing carriages for the baggage offoldiers on their marehy it is amongst other things enacted and declared, " That no officer, soldier, or trooper in her Majesty's army, nor the servant of any officer, nor any attendant on the train " of artillery, nor any yeoman of the guard of battle-axes, nor any officer commanding the said yeomen, nor any servant of any such officer, shall at any time hereafter have, receive, or be allowed any quarters in any part of this kingdom,

" save only during such time as he or they shall be, and remain in some seaport " town, in order to be transported, or during such time as thue shall be any " commotion in any part of this kingdom, by reason of which emergency, her Majesty's army, or any considerable part thereof shall be commanded to march " from any part of this kingdom to another, or during such time or times as he " or they shall be on their march as aforesaid."

XXV. And whereas the barracks in this kingdom are not at present sufficient to lodge all the forces upon its military establishment: and whereas it may be necessary to (tation part of the troops in places where there are not barracks, or not sufficient barracks to hold them: be it enacted, and it is hereby declared and agreed-by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful, notwithstanding the said recited act, to and for the constables and other chief officers and raa-gistrates of cities, towns, villages, and other places within this kingdom, and in their default or absence, for any one justice of the peace, inhabiting in or near any such city, town, village, or place, and for no others, ami such constables, and other chief magistrates as aforesaid, are hereby required to quarter and billet the officers and soldiers in his Majesty's service in inns, livery-stables, ale-houses, and the houses of fellers of wine by retail, to be drank in their own houses, or places thereunto belonging; and all houses of persons feliing brandy, strong waters, cyder or methegtin by retail; and where there shall not be found sufficient room in such houses, then in such manner as 1«. been heretofore customary; nor R r - rt:.dl

i6o

The thirij-second Year of George III.

shall any more billots at any time be ordered, than there are cfMlive soldiers prefu.t . oil u-Mrli liJIIefx. wl-rn mnrlft nut liv such chief magistrates nr rrm-

or billet any such officer or folder in ;,«y house not within the-meaning of this act, without the content of the owner or occupier, then such owner or occupier shall have bb or dv&u: remedy at law ,‘^iudt such magistrate or officer for the damage tlut such owner or occupier teiftain thereby j and if any military officer, shall take upon him to quarter foluicio otherwise than is limited and allowed by this act, er fuaUufc or offer any menace or compulsion to or upon any mayors, constables, c-r other chil officers before mentioned, tending to deter or discourage any of than from performing any part of Their duty hereby required cr appointed, such military officer shall, for uciy such dTuncc, being thereof convicted before any two or mere of the next justices of the peace of the county, by the oath of two credible v/itneilbs, be deemed and taker, to be if jo facto cast.lered, and shall be utterly disabled to have cr hold any military employment within this kingdom; provided the said conviction be affirmed at the next affixes or quarter sessions of the peace for the said county, cr county of the city, and a certificate thereof transmitted to the judge-advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify the same to the next court-martial; and in case any person shall find himself aggrieved, in that such conflible, chief officer or magistrate, not being a justice of the peace, Isas quartered or billeted in his house, a greater number cf soldiers than he ought to bear in proportion to his neighbours, and shall complain thereof to one or more justice or justices of the peace of the division, city, or liberty where such soldiers arc quartered*, or in case such chief officer or magistrate shall be a justice of the peace, then on complaint made to two or more, justices of the peace, of such division, city, or liberty, such justices respectively shall have, and have hereby power to relieve such persons, by ordering such and so many of the soldiers to be removed and quartered upon such other person or persons as they shall see cause j and such other person or persons shall be obliged to receive such soldiers accordingly.

XXVI. And whereas great inconvenience happens from the billeting of soldiers singly: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That at no time hereafter, a Icfs number than two men shall be billeted in anyone house, and such billets-may be changed once in every month if thought necessiu-y by the chief magistrate to prevent any burthen thereby arising from falling heavy on particular hulivi-

XXVII. And as very great detriment and inconvenience arises to the service from the dispersing and billeting of soldiers when on a march at a great distance from the place or places where they are meant to be quartered, and contrary to the true intent and meaning of the said bit receited act, and by reason of which they are placed wide of their intended route for the next day's march: be :.t therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That at no time when troops arc on a march, shall any of them be billeted above one mile from the place or places mentioned in the route.

XXVIII. Provided always, Mid be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any officer shall take, cr cause to be taken, or knowingly fuller to be taken, any money of any person for excusing the quarters of officers or soldiers, or any of them, in any house allowed by this act, every such officer shall be cashiered, and be incapable of fenring in any military employment whatever.

XXIX. And whereas great inconvenivencies have arisen, and may arise in such places where horse or dragoons arc, or may be quartered, by the billeting of the men and their horses at different houses, and often at great ilifhtice from one another, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act: be it therefore enacted

duals.

6

The thirty-fcond Year of George III. x61

by the authority aforesaid, That in all places where hovfc or dragoons ilia’ll be quar- A. 1}* tered or billeted in pursuance of this act for the future, the men and their horses 1792. shall be billeted in one and the fame house, except in case of necesiity, and that in Chap. 9. no other case whatsoever there be less than one man billeted where there shall be one or two hovfes, nor Ids than two men where there shall be four horses, and so in proportion for a greater number; and in such case cadi man shall be billeted as near his horse as possible.

XXX. And whereas some doubts have arisen whether commanding officers of any regiment, troop, or company, may exchange any men or horses quartered in any town or place with another man or horse quartered in the same place for the benefit of the service; bcu declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Audi exchange, as above mentioned may be made by such commanding officers respectively, provided the number of men or horses do not exceed the number at that time billeted on such house or houses, and the constables, tithing-men, head* boroughs, and other chief officers and magistrates of the cities, towns, villages, or other places where any regiment, troop, or company shall be quartered, are hereby required to billet such men and horses so exchanged accordingly.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the thirty-first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, no pnymaster-geucral, or p&ymaltcr of the army, paymaster of the marines, secretnry at war, commiilary, or muiler-niafter, or any other officer whatsoever or their under officers, shall receive any foes, or make any deductions whatsoever out of the pay of any officer or soldier in his Majesty's army, or from their agents, which shall grow due from and after the said thirty-first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, other than the usual deductions for clothing, ami such other necessary deductions as are now made, or shall from time to time be directed by lus Majesty under his royal sign manual.

XXXII. And that the quarters of officers and soldiers in this kingdom, may hereafter be duly paid and satisfied, his Majesty's duties of excise better answered, and that the ownerc of houses on whom officers ;uid soldiers shall be billeted, may be encouraged to provide proper accommodation for such officers, soldiers, and their horses: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That except during such times as the troops shall be on their march, or during such times as there shall be any commotion in any part of this kingdom, payment shall be made for each officer and soldier during the time he or they shall occupy such billet, at the following weekly rates, videlicet) in Dublin, for each field offier and captain, eight shillings *, for each fubaltem officer, seven shillings; for each ferjtant of dragoons or foot, or corporal of horse, one (lulling and one penny *, for each trooper, dragoon, or foot soldier, six pence halfpenny: in the country, for each field officer or captain, five shillings; for each fubahem officer, three shillings and six pence; for each serjeant of dragoons or foot, or corporal of horse, one shilling; for each trooper, dragoon, or foot soldier, six pence 5 the payment of the officers lodgings, to be made by the officers themselves, in the present accustomed manner j the payment of the men’s lodgings to he -made monthly by the commanding officer of each corps, in each quarter, in consequence of money sent them for that purpose, by their several regimental agents; and in order to enable the agents to remit such money, such sums shall be advanced to them ns shall be necessary, for which the regiments shall be accountable, and which sums shall be accounted for in the usual manner.

XXXIII. And as an encouragement to provide proper and sufficient ’(tabling for the horses so billeted, four pence perweek shall be paid to the owners of flabies for each horse, during the time each shall remain in such manner, and under such circuro-Jtances, as the quarters of the men are paid.; and in case of any troop or company icing suddenly ordered to mtrch, and that the refctctive commanding officers are

Vol. XVI. £ $ not

The thirty-second Year of George III.

not enabled to make payment of the sums due fer the lodging of the men and stab* ling of the horses, every such officer shall, before his departure, make up the account with every person with whom such troop or company may have been quartered, and sign a certificate thereof j which account am! certificate shall he trank muted to the agent of the regiment, that immediate payment may he procured in the accustomed manner.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the clauses and circumstances of this oft, shall, in every particular, extend to all recruiting parties whatsoever, and their recruits of his Majesty's land or marine forces, that may be employed on that service within this kingdom; and quarters shall at all times, upon requisition, be granted to such parties and their recruits as prescribed by this act, they paying for the same at the rates before directed, notwithstanding there may be barracks in the places where such quarters are so demanded.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That every non-commissioned officer and fol-dicr, -who shall be billeted according to the provisions in this act. shall be entitled to and Tcccive proper and sufficient accommodation respectively, and also the use of kitchen utensils, to cook and cat their victuals in their quarters.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for the better and more regular provision of carriages for his Majesty's forces in their marches, or for their arms, clothes, or accoutrements, all justices of the peace within their several counties, shires, divisions, liberties, and p.recinfts, being duly required thereunto by an order from the chief governor, or governors of this kingdom, or the general of his Mnjeliy’s forces, or the master-general of his Majesty's ordnance, shall, as often as such order is brought and shewn unto one or more of them by die qunrter-master, adjutant, or other officer, or non-commissioned officer of the regiment, detachment, troop, or company so ordered to march, issue out his or their warrants to the conftnblcs or petty constables of the division, city, liberty, hundred, ami preemft, from, through, near, or to which such TCgiment, detachment, troop, or company shall be ordered to march, requiring them to make such provision for carriages, with able men to drive the fame, as js mentioned in the find warrant, allowing them sufficient time to do the fame, that the neighbouring parts may not always bear the burthen; and in case sufficient can-iages cannot be provided within any such liberty, division, or preemft, then the next justice or justices of the peace of the county or division, shall, upon such order as aforesaid, being brought or shewn to one or more of them, by any of tile officers aforesaid, iifiic his or their warrant to the constables or petty constables of such next county, liberty, division or precinct, for the purposes aforesaid, to make up such deficiency; and such constables or petty constables shall order and appoint such person or persons, having carriages within their respective liberties as they shall think proper, to provide and furnish such carriages and men according to the warrant aforesaid, who are hereby required to provide and furnish the fame accordingly; and if any military officer or oflicers, for the use of whose troop or company the carriage was provided, shall force and constrain any carriage to travel more than one day’s journey, except as hereafter excepted, or shall not discharge the fame in due time for their return home, or shall fuller any soldier or fervam, (except such as are sick) or any woman to ride in the carriage aforesaid, or shall force any constable or petty constable by tlircatcnings or menacing words to provide faddlc-horses for themselves or servants, or shall force horses from the owners by themselves, servants, or soldiers, every such officer, for every such offence shall forfeit the sum of five pounds, proof thereof being made upon oath before two of his Majesty's justices of the peace of the same county, who are to certify the same to the paymaster-general, or other respective paymaster of his Majesty's forces, who is hereby required to pay the aforesaid sum of five pounds, according to the order and appointment under the

t lunds

Yhz thirty-second Year of George III. 163

hands and seals of the aforesaid jufuces of the peace of the faitl county, who ate A.D. hereby empowered to deduct the fame out of such officer’s pay; and the aforesaid 17$2.

officer or officers, who by virtue of the aforesaid warrant from the justices of the Chap. g. peace are to demand die carriage or carriages therein mentioned, of the constable or petty constable to whom the warrant is directed, is and are hereby required, before the owner of such carriage fliaJI he compelled to take any loading, or be forced to proceed in the march with Ins carriage, to pay down in hand to die owner of fitch carriage, or his servant, the sums herein after mentioned, for every mile or reputed mile they are to march, that is to say, for every hundred weight which the owner or owners of any wheel-carriage shall take as loading on such wheel-caTriage, die sum of one halfpenny for every mile, or reputed mile he or they shall therewith march; and if any officer or pcvfon requiring such carriages as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to pay to the owner of such carriage, the sum hereby appointed to he paid, he and they shall forfeit the sum of forty shillings sterling to die party injured, on such proof, and in such manner as is herein before appointed.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no owner of such carriage be compelled or obliged to take any bailing, until the same shall be first duly weighed at the expence of the owner or owners of such carriage, if lie or they shall think fit, and the fame can be done in a reasonable time, without let or hindrance of his Majesty's service; and if any officer or other person requiring such carriage, shall force nr compel die owner to take any loading until the fajne shall be first duly weighed, if the fame can be done in a reasonable time as aforesaid, or shall contrary to the will of the owner of such carriage, or lus servant, put, or permit any person wlr.tt-soever to put any greater load upon any carriage dwn as is herein after directed, either at the time of loading, or on the march, every such officer, shall for every such offence, forfeit die sum of twenty shillings to die party injured, on such proof, and in such manner as is herein before appointed.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no carriage impressed by authority of this a cl, shall be liable or obliged to carry above six hundred weight; and if the owner shall consent to cany above six hundred weight on any carriage, he shall be allowed and paid at the rate of one halfpenny pc>- mile, for every hundred above the weight of six hundred pounds put on his carriage; and the owner or owners of such carriage or carriages shall nut be compelled or obliged to proceed with such carriage or carriages under the sum of three pence per mile or reputed mile at the Icaft, in case he or they shall be required to carry a less weight on such carnage or carriages than six hundred pounds weight for each carriage.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if through the negbfl of any constable, after notice given as aforesaid, to provide carriages as before mentioned, the officer commanding in chief shall be necessiuted to halt, that then, and in such case only, it shall and may be lawful to and for find officer to take the carriages one day’s march more according to the route, paying one halfpenny per mile for each hundred weight of loading as before mentioned} and the owners of such carriages, upon complaint made by them or their servant or servants to any justice of the peace or chief magistrate next adjoining to the place where such carriages were to have been provided, shall receive, over and above the halfpenny per mile per hundred weight of loading before specified, three pence more per mile for each carriage, to be paid by the constable who made default in providing carriages; the said Iaft sum to be levied immediately after demand and refusal, by warrant of any justice of the peace or chief magistrate of the place next adjoining; which said justice or chief magistrate is hereby required to grant the fame immediately on demand without fee or reward.

XL. And be it further enacted, That' notice shall be given to the lord mayor of the city of Dublin, at lead twenty-four hours before the march of any troops or companies of foidiet* out of the said city, of the number of the troops or

S s 1 companies

164 'The ihlriy-second Year of George III.

A.D.

Companies appointed to march; whereupon the lord mayor for the time befog, 1792. shall summon a proportionable number of cars out of the licensed cars, brick

‘Chap. 9. Cars» ant* ot^er caTS w^hin the county of the said city, and so from time to time the said cars are by turns to be employed in carrying the baggage of such 'troops or companies at the prices, and under the regulations herein before mentioned; and it is hereby directed, that no country cars or carriages coming to the market of said city, nor any cars or carriages coming to any of the markets of this kingdom, shall be detained or employed in carrying the baggage of the army on any pretence whatsoever.

XLI. And whereas several acts of parliament of the sixth of Queen Anne, and the second and fifteenth of George the second, and of the eighth and nineteenth of George the third, are now in force for the providing of carriages for the baggage of soldiers on their march, be it enacted, That the several clauses contained in the said acts relative to the carriage of the army-baggage, do, from the passing of this act, cease and determine.

XUL And be it further enacted, That the number of carnages to be allowed -each troop or company, shall be from time to time regulated by order of govern* ment, in proportion to the establishment of such troop or company; and the sums ordered to be advanced as aforesaid, for the payment of carriage of baggage by the officer or officers respectively, shall be to them repaid by the paymaster-general, or vice-treasurer of this kingdom for the time being, without fee or reward, on oath made by such officer or officers before one of his Majesty's justices of the peace, or chief magistrate of any city or corporate town, of his or their payment of such sum or sums for carriages as aforesaid.

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any high- constable, or petty-constable, shall wilfully neglect or refuse to execute such warrants of the justices of the peace, as shall be directed unto them, for providing carriages as aforesaid; or if any person or persons appointed‘by such con-ll.ible, or petty-constable, to provide or furnish any carriage and man, shall refuse or nei;left to provide the fame, or any other person or persons whatsoever, shall wilfully do any act or thing whereby the execution of the said warrant shall be 'hindered or frustrated; every such constable or other person or persons so offending, shall for every such offence, forfeit any sum not exceeding forty shillings, nor less than twenty shillings, to the use of the poor of the pnrish where any such offence shall be committed; and all and every such offence and offences, shall and may be inquired of, heard, and finally determined by two of his Majesty's justices of tire peace, dwelling in or near the place where such offence shall be committed, who have hereby power to cause the said penalty to be levied by distress and sale of the offenders goods and chattels, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner.

XLIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any officer, military or civil, by this act authorized to quarter soldiers in any houses hereby appointed for that purpose, shall at any time, during the continuance of this act, quarter any of the wives, children, men or maid servants of any officer or soldier in any such hotifcs, against the consent of the owners, the party offending. If an officer of the army, shall, upon complaint and proof thereof made to the commander in chief of the army, or judge advocate, be ipfi faElo cashiered-; and if a constable, tithing-man, or other civil officer, he shall forfeit to the party aggrieved twenty shillings, upon complaint and proof thereof made to the next justice of the peace, to be levied by warrant of such justice, by distress and sale of his goods, rendering die overplus to the party, after deducting reasonable charges in taking the same.

XLV. And for die better preservation of the game,' in or near such places where any officers or soldiers shall at any time be quartered; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if, from and after the thirty-first day of March, one thousand seven ‘hundred and ninety-two, any officer cr soldier, -shall without leave of the lord of the

The thirty-second Year of George III.

the manor, under Ins hand and teal, first had and obtained) take, kill, or destroy any hare, coney, phenfant, partridge, or any other fort of fowls, or any poultry, or fish, or his Majesty's game within this kingdom, and upon complaint thereof, Cull be, upon oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, convicted before any justice or justices of the peace, who is and are hereby empowered and author vized to hear and determine the lame, that is to say, c\ery officer so offending, ilnll, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five pounds, to be distributed anongst the poor of the place where such offence shall he committed , and every officer commanding in chief upon the place, for every such offence committed by *ny soldier under Ins command, shall forfeit the Jum of twenty shillings, to be paid and distributed in manner aforesaid; and if upon conviction made by the justicoi of the peace, and demand thereof also made by the cor,liable or overseers t f the poviV, such officer shall refuse or neglect, and not within two days pay the said vefpetUve penalties, such officer so refilling or negle£Ung shall forfeit, and he is hereby declared to luvc forfeited his commission, and his commission u hereby declared to be null and void.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by tltc authority aforesaid, That every non-commissioned officer who shall be convicted at a general or regimental court martial of having embezzled or misapplied any money, with which he may have been en-ti ulted for the payment of the men under his command, or for enlisting men into his Majesty's service, shall be reduced to serve in die ranks as a private soldier, and be put under stoppages until the money be made good, and fuller such corporal punishment, not extending to life or limb, as the court-martial shall think fit.

XLVI!. And whereas several soldiers being duly lifted, do afterwards desert, and arc often found wandering, or otherwise absent tlicmfcJvcs illegally from his Majesty's service: it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the jconstable of the town or place where any person, who may he reasonably suspected to be such a deieiter, ‘shall be found, to apprehend, or erotic him to he apprehended, and to cause such person to be brought before any justice of the peace living in or near such town or place who hath hereby power *to examine such suspected person, and if by his confession, or die testimony of one or more witness or witnesses upon oath, or by the knowledge of such justice of peace, it shall appear or be found, that such lufpc&ed person is a lifted soldier, and ought to be with die troop or company to which he belongs, such justice of the peace shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the gaol of the county or place where lie shall be found, or die house of correction, or other publick prison in such town or place where such deserter shall be apprehended, or to the provost-msrtial, in case such deserter Audi be apprehended within die city or liberties of Dublin, or places adjacent, and tnmsmit an account thereof to the chief secretary to the chief governor or governors of tins kingdom for the rime being, to the end such person may be proceeded against according to law; and die keeper of such gaol, house of cor-Tedlion, or prison, shall receive the full subsistence of such deserter or deserters during the time that he or they shall continue in his custody, for die maintenance of the fan! deserter or deserters, but shall not be entitled to any fee or reward on account of the imprisonment -of such deserter or deserters 5 any law, usage, or custcai to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVIII. And for the better encouragement of any person or persons to fecuve ot apprehend such deserters as aforesaid: be it further cr.afh-d by the authority aforesaid, That such justice of the peace shall also HTuchis warrant ‘ in writing to the collector or collectors of his Majesty's revenue, in the distrifl where such dclerter shall be apprehended, for paying out of the revenue by him coUc&ed, imo die hands of such person who shall apprehend, or cause to be apprehended, any deserter from his Majesty's service, the sum of twenty shillings for every such celcitcr Vol. XVI. T t that

166 The thirty-second Year of George III.

A.D.

e,m Hiall tc so ?ppi;+: n;l<.i and coror,lilted; which sum of twenty shillings shall be 1792 satisfied by such t,;.ik\‘.!or ur collectors to whom such warrant shall he directed and Chan. 0. aM0WCd -uP°n his account.

XI.LX Provided always, That if any person shall harbour, conceal, or assist any deserter from his Majesty's service, knowing him to Be such, the person so offending, (lull-forfeit for every fuih offence the sum of five pounds; or if any person

shall knowingly detain, buy, or exchange, or otherwise receive any necessaries, or any arms, clothes, caps, or other furniture belonging to the King, from any soldier or deserter, or any other person upon any account or pretence whatsoever, or

- oaufc the colour of such cloth.cs to be changed, the person so offending shall forfeit 'for every such offence the sum of five pounds upon conviction, by the oath of one or more credible-witness or witnesses, before any of his Majesty's justices of the

peace, the said respective penalties of five, pounds and five pounds, shall be levied by warrants under the hands of the said justice or justices of the peace, by distress and falc of the goods and chattels of the offender, one moiety of the said first mentioned penalty of five pounds to be paid to the informer by whose means such deserter.shall be apprehended, and one moiety of the last mentioned penalty of five pounds to he paid to the informer, and the residue of the said respective penalties

to he paid to the officer to whom any such deserter or soldier. did belong; and in case any offender who shall be convicted as aforesaid of harbouring nr aflifling any

- such ffeferteror deserters, or having knowingly received any necessaries, or any arms,

clothes, caps, or other furniture belonging to the King, or.having caused the colour of fuchxlothcs'-to be changed contrary to the intent of this act, shall not have fuf-

fieient gooffs and chattels whereupon distress may be made to the value of the penalties recovered egainst hhivfor such offence, or shall not pay such penalties within four days after such conviction, then, and . in such case,-such justice of the peace

' shall atul may by warrant under his hand and seal, either commit such offender to the common gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize for die space of three

mouths, or cause such offender to be publickly whipped, at the discretion of such justice.

L. Provided always, That no commissioned officer shall break open any house.to

fenreh for deserters without warrant from the justice of the peace; and that every commissioned officer, who shall, without warrant from one or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace, which -said warrants the said justice or justices are hereby empowered to grant, forcibly enter into, or break open the dwelling-house or out-houses of any perforr whatsoever, under pretence of searching for deserters, shall upon due proof thereof forfeit the fom of twenty pounds.

LI. And be it further enacted by die authority aforesaid, That it shall and may

be lawful to and for his Majesty to form, make, and establish articles of war, for the better government of his Majesty's forces.

LII. And be it tardier enabled by the audiority aforesaid,' That for bringing

offenders against such'articles-of war to justice, it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty to empower the-chicf governor or governors of this kingdom to crest

and constitute courts-martial, with power to try, hear, and determine any crimes and offences by such articles of war, and to influft penalties by fenfence or judgment of the fame within this kingdom.

LIII. Provided always,- That no person or persons shall be adjudged to suffer any; punishment extending to life or limb by the said articles of war within this kingdom, except for such crimes-as are expressed-to be puntfliable by this

LIV. Provided- also, and be it further enacted, That if any officer or soldier fl,all in any of his Majesty's dominions be/ond the fcas, or elsewhere. beyond the fcas, commit any of the offences triable by courts-martial by virtue of this act, -au<) shall conic or be brought into this realm before lie be tried by a court-martial for

The thirty-second Year of George III. 167

for fuel) offence, such officer or soldier shall be tried ami punished for the fame, as A.D. if the said offence had been committed within this reaim. 1792.

LV. Provided also, That no person or persons being acquitted or convicted of any Chap. 9. capital crimes, violences, or offences by the civil nngillrate, shall be liable to be punished by a court-martial for the fame, otherwise than by cashieving.

I,

VI. Provided also, That if any officer, non-commissioned officer, or soldier, shall be accused of any capital crime, or of any violence or offence against the person, estate, or property of any of his Majesty's fuhjc£U, which is puriifliable by the known laws of the land, the commanding officer or officers of any regiment, troop, or company, or party, is and are hereby required to use his utmost endeavours to deliver over such accused person to the civil magistrate; and shall also be aiding and assisting to the officers of justice in the seizing and apprehending such offender in order to bring him to trial; and if any such commanding officer shall wilfully neglect or refuse upon application made to him for that purpose, to deliver over any such accused person to the civil magistrate, or to be aiding or a flirting to the officers of justice in apprehending such offenders, every such officer so offending, and being thereof conyi&ed before any two or more justices of the peace for the county where such fact is committed, by the oath of two credible witnesses, shall be deemed and taken to be ipso faflo cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any civil or military office or employment within this kingdom, or in his Majesty's service 5 provided the said conviction be affirmed at the next quarter sessions of the peace for the said county, and a certificate thereof be transmitted to the judge advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify the same to the next court *martial.

LVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every present and future paymaster, agent, or clerk of any garrison, regiment, troop, or company, who is or shall be liable to account with any of the executors and ndmt-nistrators of every officer or soldier for any of the pay of such officer or soldier by him or them received, shall, on reasonable demand made by such executor or administrator, deliver a just and true account to any such executor or administrator, of such sum or sums of money as he or they shall have so respectively received for such officer or soldier, and for which they, ought so to account as aforesaid, such executor or administrator paying for the same, and shall account with such executor or administrator for the fame, and that every such,paymaster, agent, or clerk of any garrison, regiment, troop, or company offending herein, shall forfeit the like penalties, and to be recovered in like manner as appointed by this act, for such colonels or agents not giving due accounts of or for the pay of the said officers or soldiers, to and for such officers and soldiers themselves.

LVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action, bill, phint, or suit, shall be brought against any person or persons for any act, matter, or thing to be acted or done in pursuance of this act, that it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every person or persons sued as aforesaid, to plead thereunto . the general -issue, that he or they arc not guilty, and to give such special matter ill evidence to the jury, which shall try die. issue, which special matter being pleaded, had been a good and, sufficient, matter- in law to have discharged the said defendant or defendants to die trespass.or other matter laid to his or their charge; and if the verdict shall pass with the said defendant or defendants in r.ny^ such action, the plaintiff or plaintiffs therein become.nonsuit, or fuller any discontinuanco thereof, that in every such case the justice or justices, or such other judge before whom the said matter shall be tried, ’shall, by force and virtue of this act, allow unto the defendant or defendants, his or their treble costs, which he or dicy shall have sustained by reason of their wrongful vexation in‘defence of the said afclion or suit, for which the said defendant or defendants fty.dl have the like remedy as in odicr cases where - costs by die. laws of this realm, arc given to defendants.

Tit 2

163 The thirty-second Year of George III.

A.D. 1792. Chap. 9.

LIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every bill, pH:», action, or suit against any person or persons for any act, matter or thing to be select or done in pursuance of this act, or against any member or minister of a couir-.martial in respect of any fcmence of such court, or of any tiling done by tirtu.% or in pursuance of such ftntence, shall be brought in feme of the courts of record it Dublin, and in no oilier court whatsoever.

LX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any person or persons whatsoever who shall directly or indirectly persuade, or procure, or endeavour to persuade, or procure any folclicr or soldiers in the service of his Majesty, or of his heiis or successors to desert, such person or persons so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall forfeit die sum of forty pounds, to be recovered in any of the courts of record in Dublin.

LXI. And to prevent as far as may be any unjust or fraudulent arrests that may '-be made upon soldiers, whereby his Majesty and the publick may be deprived of their fen’ice; it is hereby further drafted by the authority aforesaid, That no person whatsoever, who is or shall be lilted, cr who shall lift and enter himself as z volunteer in his Majesty's service as a soldier, shall be liable to be taken out of his Majesty's service by any process of execution whatsoever, other than for some criminal matter, tmfefs for a real debt, or other just cause of action, and unless before die taking out of such process or execution, not being for a criminal matter, the plaintiff or plaintiff's therein, or some other person or persons on his or their behalf, shall make affidavit before one or more judge or judges of the court of record, or other ecurt out of which such process or execution shall issue, or before some person authorized to take affidavits in such courts, that to his or their knowledge the original sum justly due and owing to the plaintiff or plaintiffs from the defendant or defendants in the action or cause of action on which such process shall issue, or the original debt for which such execution shall be issued out, amounts to twenty pounds at le.ift, over and above all costs of suit in the fame action, or in any other action 0:1 which the fame shall be grounded, a memorandum of which oath shall be marked on the back of such process or writ, for which memorandum no fee shall be taken; and if any person shall nevertheless be arrested contrary to the intent of this act, it shall and may be lawful for one or more judge or judges of such court, upon complaint thereof made by the party himself, or by anj his superior officer, to examm; into the fame by the oath of the parties or otherwise, and by warrant under his or their hands and seals to discharge fitch-soldier so arrested contrary to the intent of this act, without paying any fee or fees, upon due proof made before him or them. Unit such soldier so arrested was legally enlisted as a soldier in his Majesty's ferrice, and arrested contrary to the intent of this act; and also to award to die paity so complaining such.costs as such judge or judges shall think reasonable, for the recovery whereof he. shall have the like remedy that the person who takes out the said execution might have had for his costs, or the plaintiff in the like action might have had for the recovery of his costs in case judgment had been given for him with colls against die defendant in die fnid action.

LXII. And to the end that honest creditors who aim only at die recovery of jfccir just debts due to them from persons entered into, and lifted in his Majesty's service, may not be hindered from suing for the fame, hut on die contrary may-be nflifted and forwarded in their suits, and instead of an arrest, which may at once hurt the service, and occasion a great expence and delay to themselves, may be enabled to proceed in a more cafy and cheap method: be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the plaintiff or plaintiffs, upon notice first given in writing of the cause of action to such person or persons so entered, or left at his or their last place of rcfldence before such lifting, to file a com-aion appearance in any action to be brought for or upon account of any debt what-

3 soever,

The ihirly-femii Year of George III. 169

soever, so as to entitle such plaintiff to proceed therein to judgment and outlawry, A.D. uul to have an execution thereupon, other than against the body or bodies of him l J()2. nr them so lifted as aforesaid*, this act or any tiling herein, or any' former law or Chap. (J. ihuute to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from the passing of this act, no soldier being arrested, or confined for debt in any prison, gaol, or other place, shall be entitled to any part of his pay from the day of such arreit or cou-jineinent, until the day of his return to the regiment, troop, or company to which lie shall belong.

LXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any high-eoustable, constable, beadle, or other odder or pcvfon whatsoever, who by \htue or colour of this act, shall quarter or billet, or be employed in quartering or billeting any officers or soldiers, shall neglect or refuse to quarter or billet futh odder* or soldiers when thereunto required, in such manner as is by this act directui, p;o-vided sufficient notice be given before the airival of such troops, or shall receive, demand, contract, or agree for any sum or sums of money, or any reward whatn.-ever for or on account of exeuf.ng, or in order to excuse any person or puffins whatsoever from quartering or receiving into his, her, or their house or houses, any such officer or soldier , or in case any victualler, or any other pcvfon liable by this act, to have any officer or soldier billeted or quartered on him or her, shall refuse to receive any such officer or soldier, or shall refuse to iuriulli or allow Juflicient and proper accommodation, according to the intention of tills aft, or utenrtls to coolt and eat their victuals to non-commissioned officers and soldiers so quartered or billeted on him or her as aforesaid, or shall neglect or refuse to furnish good and sufficient {tabling for each horse so quartered on him or her as aforesaid, nt the rale herein before mentioned, and shall be thereof convicted before one ^or more justice or justices of the peace of the county, city, or liberty within which such offence shall be committed, either by his own confession, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, which oath the said justice or justices is and are hereby empowered to administer, every such Ingh-conftsblc, constable, beadle, or other officer or person so offending, shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of five pounds, or any sum of money not exceeding five pounds, nor less than forty fliil-lings, as the said justice or justices, before whom the matter shall be heard, shall in his or their discretion think fit, to be levied by distress and fide of the goods of the person so offending, by warrant under the hand and seal, or hands and seals of such justice or justices before whom such offender shall be convicted, or of one or move of them, to be ditefted to any other constable within the couwy, city, or liberty, or to any of the overseers of the poor of the parish where such offender shall dwell 5 which said sum of five pounds, or the said sum not exceeding five pounds, nor less than forty shillings, when levied, shall be applied in the first place in making such satisfaction to any soldier for the expence he may have been put to by reason of his not being billeted or quartered as aforesaid, as such justice or justices shall order and direct, and the remainder shall be paid to the overseers of the poor of the pnrifli wherein the offence shall be committed, or to some one of them for the use of the poor of the said pavilh.

LXV. And for the better preventing abuses in quartering or billeting the soldiers in pursuance of this act: be it further ensiled by the authority aforesaid, That it shall :.nd may be lawful to and foT any one or n orc justice or justices of the peace within their respective counties, cities, or liberties, by warrant or order under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals,.at any time or times during the continuance of this act, to require or command any high-constable, constable, beadle, or other officer who shall quarter or billet any soldiers in pursuance of this act, 10 give in account in writing unto the said justice or justices requiring the fame, of the Yol. XVI. Hu number

ijo- The thirty-second Year George III.

A D. number of officers and foldicft who shall'bc quartered or bftleted'by them, and also

1792. ^lc names ttfc House-kccpcrfe or persons upon whom every, such' officer or soldier Chap 0 quartered*or billeted, together with an account of the street or place where

—-Li every such house-keeper dwells, and of the sign, if any, belonging to their houfos, to the end' it may appear to the said justice or justices where such officers and foU diers are quartered or billtitcclj and that he or they may thereby be better enabled 10 prevent or punish all abuses irt the quartering or billeting of them.

LXVf. Provided nevertheless,'and it h hereby declared by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the thirty-fu ll day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, when and as often' as any person or persons shall be enlisted as a soldier or soldiers in his Majesty's land service, he and they shall within four days, but not sooner than twenty-four hours after such cnlilting respectively, be carried before the next justice of the p6aCe of any county, city, or place, or chief magistrate of any city, or town-corporate, not being an officer in the army, ami before such justice or chief magistrate, he or they shall be at liberty to declare Ins or their dif-sent to such enlisting, and upon such declaration and returning the enlisting money, and also each person so dissenting paying the sum of twenty shillings for the charges expended or laid out upon him, such person or persons so enlisted, shall be forthwith discharged and set at liberty in the presence of such justice or chief magistrate j but if such person or persons shall refuse or neglect within the space of twenty-four hours to return and pay such money as aforesaid, he or they shall be deemed and taken to be enlisted, as if he or they had given his or their nflent thereto before the said justice or chief magistrate j or if such person or persons shall declare his or their having voluntarily enlisted himself or themselvCs, then such justice or chief magistrate shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to certify under his hand, that such person or persons is or ate duly enlisted, setting forth the place of the birth, age, and calling of him or them respectively, if known, and that the second and sixth sections of the articles of war against mutiny and desertion were read to him or them, and that he or they had taken the oath mentioned in the said articles of war j and if any such person or persons, so to be certified as duly enlisted, shall refuse to take the said oath of fidelity before the said justice or chief magistrate, it shall and may be lawful for such officer from whom lie has received such money as aforesaid, to detain or confine such person or persons, until he or they fl ail take the oath before required *, and every military officer that shall act contrary hereto, Oir offend herein, shall incur the like penalty and forfeiture, as is by this act to be inllifted upon any officer for making a false and untrue muster; ami the penalty and forfeiture shall be levied and recovered in the same manner as any penalties and forfeitures are by this act to be levied or recovered.

LXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall receive the u'lfifting money from tmy officer, knowing it to be such, and shall abscond, or refuse to go before such justice or chief magistrate, in order to declare Ills nflent or dissent as aforesaid, fa eh person or prisons shall be deemed and taken to be enlisted to all intents and purposes v/hatsoever, and shall and may be proceeded against as if he or they had"taken the oath directed by the said articles of war to be taken before such justice or chief magistrate.

I,

XVIII. And whereas it is necessary that accounts of the recruiting service should lie regularly transmited: be it enacted, That every-officer employed in the recruiting any regiment, tioop, or company of his Majesty's forces faring in and belonging to the elhbliflmient of this kingdom, shall, and he is hereby directed and required every two months to make up and transmit, examined and certified by his commanding officer, if resident in Ireland, (who in this case shall, and he is hereby directed and required to certify the fame) to the adjutant-general of his Majesty's force.-!, an abstract of the numbers recruited during the two preceding months, and 6 sifo

The thirtjrfecoud Year of George III. 71

a!so to transmit a copy of the fail! abstract. together with a, ttjjtr. and V- A- D,

count of the cippiices which have attended the find service during the t\yo preceding j yt)2.

months to the agent of the corps for which such officer is recruiting respelUvcty, Chap, 9, and on failure herein the officer through whose negklt such abCiralt and account, or a copy tjicreof, shall not have been tranGnitted to, the adjutant-general, or to tl^c agent of the corps xcfpe£Uve!y, shall be liable to be tried for fuel) npgkft by a general court-martial, and if couvkhed shall be cafljieyed, or ihalj, suffer such other pu-mfliment as by such court-martial shall b.c awarded, and die commanding officer of the regiment, troop, or company in which such neglect shall be committed, (half, and ho is hereby directed and required to make a report thereof to Ids colonel, if in Ireland, who shall report the same to the commander in chief, or to the feeretaiy to the chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, or in his absence to the under secretary for the military department, in order that the officer Co neglecting may be brought to trial for the same.

LXIX. And be it enacted, That every pay-master of a regiment, troop, or company, of ius Majesty's regular forces ferying in and belonging to the cflabliflunent of this kingdom, shall, and he is hereby directed and required to make out and traitl-nfft tq the agqit of such regiment, troop, or company, an account every two months of the esa& subsistence actually paid to effective officers and m^n, and of the broke? peyip's ayifing from 4c^hs, desertions, or difehurges of men in the course of the said two months, and on the thirty-first day of March, and thirtieth flay of September in every year, the said paymaster shall, and lie is hereby directed and required to make up, qpd within three months from each of the above periods to transmit to the said agent die following accounts, that is to say, an account of all die expences which have attended the recruiting service of his Majesty's regular forces for die preceding six months, distinguishing the subsistence of recruits, levy money, and every Other article of expence under their several heads, an account of the poundage paid to the effective men in the preceding six months, an account of hospital expellees, travelling expences of officers and horses before they join die troop or regiment, antj all other lesser contingencies which are now or which his Majesty shall f>y apy future regulations under his royal sign manual direct to be allowed for the preceding six months, under their several heads, the said Tefpe&iye accounts to be examined and certified by the commanding officer of each Tefpettive corps, who shall, and Jie is hereby directed and required to examine and certify the fame, and cn failure herein, the paymaster, through whose neglect the said respective accounts shall not be trarfsmitted as aforesaid, shall be liable to a trial for such neglect, by a general court-martial, and if convicted shall be cashiered, or shall suffer such other punish-inent as by such coun-manial shall be awarded; and die commanding officer of the regiment, troop, or company, in which such neglect shall be committed, shall, and he is hereby directed and required, to make a report thereof to his colonel (if in Ireland) who shall report the same to the commander in chief, or to the secretary to the chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, or in his nb-fence, to the under secretary for the military department, in order that the officers offending may be brought to a trial for the same.

LXX. And be it enacted, That from and after the thirty-first day of March, one thouCind seven hundred and ninety-two, the agent, of every regiment, troop, and company of his Majesty's regular forces, serving in, and belonging to the establish-.meni of this kingdom, shall, and they are hereby duelled and required, to make up an annual account of each regiment, troop, and company for the preceding year, ending the thirty-first day of March, the said accounts to be made up within six months after the expiration of the year, and in the said accounts the several im-prefts cr monies received. Including the monies received for call J.orfin. fold, and every other receipt which belongs, and ought to be brought to the credit of the pub-

I72

A.D. 1792. Chap. 9.

The thirtyjecond Year of George III.

lick, in the accounts of the respective corps, and the several disbursements 01 monies paid ffial! he properly distmguished under their several heads of service, tl.c arrears due to the several officers, and the agency due to them upon the full pay of the commissioned officers, non-commissioned officers, and private men of the fevc-ral corps then and there to be charged, and the balance then ft ruck which is due from the publick to the said regiment, troop, or company, and to transmit the fame within the said’limited time, together with the said proper vouchers, agreeable to the present standing regulations, or any future' regulations which his Majesty shall, under his royal flgn manual, direct to the office of the secretary to the chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, and on failure herein, or in any other of the regulations prescribed to the said agents by this act, the agent or agents so 0(lending, shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds for every offence, to be recovered by any person or persons who shall sue for the same; and the secretary to the chief governor or governors of tins kingdom for the time being, shall, and lie is hereby directed and required to examine and settle, or cause to be examined and settled, the aforesaid annual accounts: provided always, That the same shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to discharge any agent or agents from making up, in the course of the year, fuel) account or accounts as the chief governor or governors of this kingdom, for the time being may have occasion for, or require; anti any agent or agents refuting obedience to such rcqmfition or requiti-tions shall be liable to the penalty aforesaid.

LXXI. And in order to prevent all doubts that may nrife in relation to puntlh-ing crimes and offences committed against a former act of Parliament for punishing mutiny and desertiou, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all crimes and offences which have been committed against the f.tid ad, shall and may, during the continuance of this present act, he enquired of, heard, tried, and determined, adjudged, ami punished before, and by the like courts, persons, powers, authorities, ways, means, and methods, ns the like crimes and offences committed against this act, may be enquired of, heard, tried, determined, adjudged, and punished; and the proceedings of a court-martial upon any trial begun under the authority of such former act, shall not be discontinued by the expiration of the same, but it shall be lawful to proceed to judgment upon such trial, and to carry such judgment into execution in the like m tuner, as if the proceedings lud been commenced under the authority of this act.

LXXII. Provided always, That no person shall be liable to be tried and punished for any offence against the said act, which shall appear to have been committed more than three years before the issuing of the commission or warrant for such trial, except onjy for the offence of desertion.

LXXIII. And ir is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the officers and persons employed, or that shall be employed in the several trains of artillery, be at all times subject to all penalties and punishments mentioned in this act, and shall in all respects whatsoever, be hdden to be within the intent and meaning of every part of this act, during the continuance of the same.

LXXIV. And whereas it may be expedient in certain cases, and particularly in such matters wherein any of his Majesty's marine forces may be interested, that the officers of the marine forces shall be associated with the officers of the land forces for the purpose of holding courts-martial: be it enacted and declared, That when and as often as it may be necessary, it shall and may be lawful for officers of the land and marine forces to fit in conjunction upon courts-martial, and to proceed in the trial of any officer or fohlier of ti e iatid forces in like manner, io all intents and purposes, as if such courts-martial were ermposed of officers

The thirty-second Year of George III. >73

ters of the lsnd forces only; and the officers of the land and marine forces ace A.D. in such cases to take rank gfccording to the seniority of their commissions in either 1792. service.

IAXV. And be it further enacted by the authority afoTcfatd, That this acte shall be apd continue in force within the realm of Ireland} from the thirty-nrft day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, to the thirty-first day of March} one thousand seven hundred and ninety-.three, and nc longer.

£ H A :p. X.

An Act for granting to Jit's Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, certain Duties and Rates upon the Portage and 'Convey-. a ace of ail Letters and Packets within this Kingdom.

FOR die better support of your Majesty's government, and the convenience of Eipird.

trader, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons hvthisprcfent :parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, until the twenty-fifth day of March, onc'thousand seven hundred and ninety-three inclusive,

and no longer, it shall and may be lawful to and for the post-master-general of this kingdom for the time being, and his deputy and deputies, servants and agents, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to demand, have, receive,

and take for the portage and conveyance of all letters and packets which he shall convey, carry or fend post, to and from places within this kingdom, according to the Several rates, and fum$ of money herein after mentioned, that is to say, for the port :and conveyance of every ftngle letter or piece of paper, from the office in this kingdom, where such letter or piece of paper shall be put in, to any distance within the same not exceeding fifteen miles Irish measure, the sum of two pence j and to any distance exceeding fifteen miles and not exceeding thirty miles, the sum of three pence; and to any distance exceeding thirty miles, the sum of four pence; and fov ;the port or conveyance of every doublclctter, double the find sums respectively \ and for cvcrytreble.‘letter, treble the said fuinsrespectively-.; and for every ounce weight, ifour times the said sums respectively; and so in proportion for any greater weight than an ounce, reckoning every.quarter of an ounce equal to a single letter; and ’that all letters and packets directed from any place in this kingdom to any part or parts in Great Britain, or beyond the.seas, or received in thiskhigdom from Great Britain,

or any part or parts beyond thefeas, shall be charged and pay for their portage and conveyance within this kingdom, from or to Dublin, Waterford, or Douighadee,

or any other port wherepackct boats for the conveyance of letters to and from this kingdom, are or may be established, as they shall respc£kive!y be shipped from orlnnded in any of the said places, according to the rates afbrcfiud; and that every letter or packet palfingthrough the general post-oflice in thcclty of Dublin, from any place within this kingdom not Jess difhnt than four miles from the general post-oflice in the said city, to any place within the said kingdom nor less distant than four miles from :the general pott-office in the said city, shall be charged and pay according to the dif-tances herein before mentioned to Dublin, and be further charged and pay according to the fame rates from Dublin; and that for every letter or packet directed on board, or brought or lent from on board any li.ip or vessel riding or flopping in any Vol. XVI. Xx port

The thirU-Jccond Year of George III.

port within this kingdom, there shall be charged and paid to his Majesty, his heirs and uiccdtors, over and above die rates aforesaid, the sum of one penny.

II. And be it further cn.ich*d, Tint it shall and maybe lawful to and for his Majesty's post-maltcr-general of this kingdom, and his deputies, and Ke and they are hereby required to demand and receive for the port and conveyance of all letters and packets for Ireland from Croat Britain, or foreign parts, in addition to the rates of ptiftage hereby iclerved, fuels further rates of pottage as now are or hereafter shall be charged for the conveyance of such letters and packets by any act or acts now nude, or hereafter to be made by the parliament of Great Britain; and that his Majesty’.; n»tt-master-genend of this kingdom iflull, and he is hereby authorized and required to account for and pay the same quarterly to the revenue of the post-offiee of Great Britain and that there shall he paid to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for the dciivcry of every British or foreign primed uowjppor, and for every printed vote or proceeding in parliament, arriving at the general pell-office in Dublin, "Wafer ford, or Don.ighadce, or any other port, where such packet boats as aforesaid are or shall be cttuklished, from Great Britain, without cover.;, or in covers open at the fules, the sum of one penny, over and above the pottage which may be charged thereon, and accounted for to Great Britain; and in like manner there shall he paid to his Majesty, Iris lairs ami fiiccefibn, for the port and conveyance, through tins kingdom, of every printed newspaper directed from any part of Ireland to any part of Great ttriramwitliout covers, or in covers open at the fide1', the sum of one penny, and no more, which sum of onc.penny shall be paid on the delivery of every such newsp.ipcr ;tf the pelt-office from whence it lhattbc dispatehed in tlns’Vmgdom.

III. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Tcrihe post-master-, general for the time bring, and his deputies, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousv.ul l.-.en hundred and ninciy-two, until the twenty-fifth day of

’March, one thous.md fi-ven hundred and ninety-three inchifive, and no longer, to demand, have, receive, and take for the portage and conveyance of all letters and packets conveyed by the penny poll, according to the several rales herein after mentioned } tSi.it is to say, that for the port and conveyance of any letter or packet, not being more than four ounces in weight, from and to any place'within the limits of the said city of Dublin, as the said limits arc nowdeferibed and afccitained by a Turvcy thereof, made on the tenth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and fc-venty-three, 'by Thomas Mathews, sworn Purveyor of the said city of Dublin, there shall be paid at the time of putting such letter or packet into the penny post office, the sum of one penny; ami for the port and conveyance of every letter or packet not exceeding the like weight, from or to any place beyond the said limits so ascertained ns aforesaid, from or to any place within the circuit oT the penny post office, there shall be paid at the time-of putting in such letter or packet, the sum of onc.pcuny, and a further sum of one penny on the delivery thereof; and that for every letter or packet of any weight which shall be sent to or delivered from the general penny port-office by the penny port, from ov to any place not being within ‘the said limits as ’ before ascertained, there shall be paid the sum of one penny over and above, andex- cluiive of the several rates chargeable thereon.

IV. And be it enacted, That every bill of exchange, n'crchr.u’s acccuin/iimuce, or bill of lading, writ, process, or proceeding at law, written upon the fame (licet or piece of paper with a letter, and every letter to ov from several-or distinct persons, written upon the fame {licet or piece of paper, shall be rated, taxed, and paid for a-' so mmy fevaal or distin-T letters, according to the rates establilived by this act, or hereafter to he eft blifluM by any act to be pnfled in this kingdom relative to the p.rtage of letrevj within the same.

V. A* d whereas patterns of cloth, silk, fluff, and small funnies of other fort* of Y'1' !/ nv ficqnc.rdv enclosed in-a fmglc letter cr piece* cf papet, and sent by the

rod-:

The thirty-second Year of George III. '75

pofk: be it cnatted, That for every single letter or cover endorsed on the outside D.

« patterns," containing one or more paper or papers with patterns, or containing 1792. one or more pattern or patterns of cloth, fille, or Hull', or one or more samplc or Q^p. 10. f.unples of any other fort of goods, and containing no other writing, matter, or thing, save only what appertains to such patterns'. or samples, if the fame together do not exceed one ounce weight, the rates payable for a double letter by tins att, or by any act to be passed in tins kingdom, relative to the nonage of letters within me fame,

shall be paid, and no more.

VI. And be it emitted, That the post-master-gencrn! for the time being, Hull cause an account to be kept of all monies arising to his Majesty, his heirs and fueed-fors, by virtue of this att.

VII. And be it enacted, That the net revenue and monies arising by the rates and duties hereby granted to his Majesty, his heirs and successors. after paying all charges*,

-out-goings, disburseinciUs, expences and fabrics neeefliny for the receipt and ma~

nagement of the fame; and all expellees attending the said office, and the due cxecu-.tion of liiis ait, lhr.il be paid into lus Majesty'*s exchequer in this kingdom, in such manner, and at such time and times as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, or tl e :Iord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of tins kingdom for the time being shall direct and appoint.

VIII. And be it.cnatted. That in case the pofUmaster general, or any person concerned in the execution of this att, shall neglect or reftife to perform any matter or tiling whatsoever according to the true intent ami meaning of this att, or if they or any of them, or any other officer employed by virtue of this att, shall cni--bczzic, divert or-nnl'apply any of the monies by them, or any of them collected or received by virtue of this att, contrary to the true meaning thereof, then and in every fueii case-every.person so offending, shall forfeit his office, and be incapable

to serve his Majesty, his heirs or successors, in any office or.place of trust or profit,

and shall be liable for every such offence to pay treble the sum so embezzled, divert-,ed, or misapplied.

IX. And be it emitted, That neither the six pence /vr pound, nor any other fee shall be payable to, or be deducted or.received by the vice-treaftirer or vice-treasurers,

receiver, or paymaltcr-general, clerk of the pells, or any other officer or officers of this kingdom, to his or their.use, for.or on account of the issuing or payment of any sum or Aims of money arising by, or which shall be received for or on account of the aids hereby granted to his Majesty, his heirs and AicceiTors, or of any payment to be made in pursuance of this act, but that the same shall be accounted for to his Majesty, his heirs and successors.

X. And be it enacted, That no letters or packets sent by the pod to or from any place or places whatsoever, shall be exempted from paying the duty of pdhgfi according to the rates clbblished by this att, other than and except such letters and packets as are herein after excepted, and in such manner, and under such restrictions ns are herein after declared and cnatted concerning the same; that is to say, all lexers and.packed, not exceeding the weight of two ounces, and not coming from any foreign place or parts beyond the seas, and sent from and to: ny place or _places within this kingdom -during tire fitting of any lcflion of parliament, cr within forty days before. or forty days after any summons or prorogation of the fame, which shall be signed on the outside. thereof by any member -of either of the .'wo houses of parliament in this kingdom, and whereof the whole superscription fiiail be of the hand-writing of such members, ami shall have endorsed thereon in the fame hand-writing, and on the same side with such superscription and lignrdure, the mouth and the day of the mouth and year when the same shall be put ir.to any poll-office of this kingdom, to be forwarded by the poll, the day and month to be

X > 2 in

i Tie thirty-fcccr.d Year of George III.

A.D. 1792. Chap. 10.

in words at length; and shall also have endorsed thereon in the fame hand-writing, the name of the poll-town from which the fame is intended to be sent.

XI. Provided always, That no such letter or packet shall pass free of the duty oT peflage, unieft the member directing the same shall have actually been in the post-town, or within the district or delivery of such port-town where such letters or jackets shall be put in, to be forwarded by port on the day of the date superferibed on such letter or packet; and also except ail letters and packets not exceeding the like weight, which shall during the fitting of any session of parliament, or within forty *<lavs before, or forty days after any summons or prorogation of the fame, be directed from any place in this kingdom, to any member of either house of the parliament of this kingdom, at the place where he shalt actually be at the time of the delivery thereof, or at auy-of his usual places of rcfide/iee, or atthe house of parliament of which lie is a member; also all letters and packets from and to any place within this kingdom, directed to his Majesty's lieutenant general, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, the lord high chancellor, his :Majest.y’s principal secretary *of state for this kingdom, the chief secretnry of such lieutenant general, Kir other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, the secretary for the provinces of U'ller and Munster, the under secretary and first clerk for die civil department in the salt! chief secretary’s office, the under secretary and first clerk for the military department of the office of such chief secretary, the secretary of the said general-post-oflice, the comptroller-of the sorting.office in 'the said general poll-office, and the surveyors of the said poll-office, all for the time being j and all letters and packets sent by any of the said officers for the time being, from and to any place within this kingdom, which shall rclate.to the business-of their respective\officcs, or ttheir own private concerns only, and shall be signed, superferibed and dated on the outfule of fudi.letters as aforesaid-j and in case any such officer shall receive under -cover to him, with intent to evade the payment of any of the rates granted by this act, any letters or packets intended for, or directed to other persons, every such officer is hereby autlioi ized and required to fend the same to the general pod-office in Dublin, in order that such letters and packets may be chargednvith the duty of portage payable thereon; it being the true intent and meaning of this ail, 'that the privilege of sending and receiving letters and packets by such officers, shall extend to such letters and packets only as relate to the business of their respe£Hvc offices, or their own immediate and private concerns; and also, except letters and packets sent from the general poll-office in Dublin, and which shall appear by an endorse-ment made thereupon by some person or persons (not exceeding two in number.) authorized under the hand and seal of the post-master-general of this kingdom for the time being, to be on his Majesty's service, and shall be sealed with the seal of the said general port-office; which person or persons are hereby strictly forbid so to endorse and seal any letter or packet whatsoever» unless such only concerning which they shall receive the special directions of their superior officer, or which they shall themselves know to concern the business oflhc poll-office,; and if any person or persons authorized as aforesaid, under-the hand and seal of the said post-fflafter-generdl, 'shall knowingly make arid subscribe such enclovfoment, cr procure the same to be made on any letter or packet which docs not really concern the business of the said general poll-office, he.shall for the iirft olTence forfeit and pay the sum of five.pour.ds, and for the second offence li all be dismissed from his office.

XII. And be it enacted by tlx authority aforesaid, That die clerk of the parliament, and clerk -of the house of commons for the time being, shall and may respect‘tivciv from and after the passing of tins act, receive letters and packets free from -flic duty of pollage.

XIII. And be it enacted, That all ccvers containing mdicr affidavits fresh the nut-j enlioners of theioyJ l.cspital, and sent flora any place wiildn this klngccm, directed

The thirty-second Year of George III. 177

directed to the register of the said hospital, flutll be delivered to the find regular free of the duty of portage, provided that every such cover shall be unfenled, and shall contain no other enclosure save and except the said nuifter affidavits; and that, all printed receipts for the pay of such out-pensioners made up as a letter or cover of a letter, and directed with the words, to out-penfmer of tht

royal fospital, being printed thereon, and sealed with the seal of the paymaster of the royal hospital, shall in like manner be delivered free of portage to such out-pensioncN within this kingdom, to whom they shall be respectively directed, provided such printed receipts shall not contain any enclosure; and if any such receipt, cover, or nuifter affidavit, shall be found to contain any enclosure whatsoever, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, then and in that case, every fuel) receipt made up as a cover or letter, and every such cover or muster affidavit shall be charged and liable to treble the duty of portage, according to the rates established by this act, any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it enacted, That it Avail and may be lawful to and for certain persons, who, by virtue of their respective offices in Great Britain, have heretofore fern or received letters and packets free from the duty of portage by virtue of or under any act or acts of the Britishi parliament, to send and receive by the poll, letters ami packets from Great Britain to any part of Ireland, or from any part of Ireland to Great Britain, free from the duty of portage, subject nevertheless to such limitations and Tcrtrittions as persons in this kingdom, who by virtue of their employments or offices, arc permitted to send and receive letters and packets free of poilage, are fub-jeet and liable to by this a£U

XV. And whereas frauds may be prafkifed in fepding'covers, letters, and packets by poll directed to members of parliament and other persons privileged by this act, to receive letters and packets free of the duty of portage, containing letters and jackets intended for others, and not intended for such members or other persons to whom such covers, letters, and packets are so directed, whereby the persons for whom such letters and packets are really intended, may receive such covers, letters, and packets frde from the duty of portage, to the injury of the revenue; for remedy whereof, be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said poll-nvafter-general, and all persons acting under this act, <0 charge the whole of such covers, letters^ and packets, with treble the duty of portage, according to the rates established by this act, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. Provided always, That if it shall appear by the certificate of such member, that such cover, letter, or packet, so charged, was actually intended for such member, or for some of his family, and not covering a correspondence to any person not resident in his house, that then and in every such case, the poftago so charged ami paid for every such letter, cover, or packet, shall be returned to such member

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to charge with the duty of portage any printed votes cr proceedings in parliament, or printed newspapers being sent by the port without covers, or in covers open at the Tides, which shall be signcil on the outside thereof by any member of parliament in this kingdom, or which shall be directed to any such member at any place within tins kingdom, whereof lie shall have given notice in writing to the post-master-general of Ireland, or which shall be sent by certain officers in the office of his Majesty's post-master-general, who shall be thereunto ficensed by the said port-master-general respectively, but that all such votes, proceedings in parliament, and printed newspapers so sent and signed as aforesaid, shall be received free of the duty of portage.

XVIII. Provided nevertheless, That no such printed newspaper shall pass free of portage from the general port-office pursuant to any such notice, or from any other

Vou XVI. Yy post-

A.D. 1792. Chap- 10.

178 The thirty-second Year of George III.

A.D.

in this kingdom, unless such newspaper fl.sl! be put into such port-offices

I Jty2. respectively, two hours at die lead before the time of the pod being dispatched Chap. Fo. '1‘trcfrom.

U*vsj

XIX. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty's post-master-general of this kingdom, or any of the officers employed under him, to examine and search any packet sent without a cover, or in a cover open at the fidcs, in order to discover whether any letter or other paper or thing whatsoever be cn-closed or concealed in or with such printed votes, proceedings, or printed newspapers, and in order to discover whether such printed newspapers shall have been duly damped 5 and in case any letter or paper, or tiling whatsoever shall be found to be enclosed, written, or concealed in, on, or with focli printed votes, proceedings in parliament, or newspapers as aforesaid j or in case there shall be any writing other than the superscription of (uch printed votes, proceedings, or newspapers, or any of them, or on or in the cover thereof, the whole of such packet shall be charged with treble the duty of podage by this act imposed; and in case any such newspaper fl ?!I appear not to have been duly damped, every fncji officer is hereby required to flop the fame, and fend it to die commissioners of the damp unties at their office in the city of Dublin,

XX. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons whatsoever within this kingdom, shall forge or counterfeit the seal or hand-writing, or make use of the name of any person whatsoever in the superscription of any letter or packet to be sent by the pod, in order to avoid the payment of the duty of portage; or shall forge, counterfeit, or alter j or shall procure to he forged, counterfeited, or altered, the date, place, or any other part of the superscription of any such letter or packet, or shall write, or cause to be written or sent by the port any letter or packet, the superscription, or any part whereof, shall be forged, counterfeited, or altered, in order to avoid the payment of the duty of postage, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited, or altered j or if any person or persons within this kingdom shall forge, or counterfeit, or alter, or procure to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, any certificate of any member of cither house of the parliament of this kingdom, or of any other person entitled to the privilege of fending letters free of the duty of podage, in order to have the portage charged upon any cover, letter, or packet refunded; every person so offending, being thereof duly convictcil, shall for the first offence forfeit the ium of fifty pounds; and for the second offence, the film of one hundred pounds; and for the third offence, shall be deemed guilty of felony, and shall be transported for seven years; and that it shall and maybe lawful to and for his Majesty's poflmader-geneyal of this kingdom, and his deputies, and all persons acting under this act, to charge any letter or packet, the superscription whereof, or any part whereof shall appear to be forged or counterfeited, or altered, with treble the duty of portage payable by virtue of this act; which said duty shall be levied and paid, unless the member of either house of parliament, or other privileged person v/liofc superscription it imports to be, shall certify by writing under his hand to the postmaster-general, or his deputies, that such superscription and every part thereof is of his hand-writing.

XXI. And be it enacted, That if any collector or receiver, ferryman, or other person whatsoever, appointed or intruded, or employed to take or receive the tolls or rates at any turnpike-gate or bar crested upon any highways, bridges, or post-roads, or at any ferry, or any person who has or shall have the care of any gate of any walled town, or the custody of the keys of such gate shall demand and take any toll or rate for the coachman, post-boy, expref$*boy, or rider, guard, servant, or other person, horses or carriages conveying, or employed to carry any mail or bag of letters in this kingdom, parting through, over, or across the fame, or shall not permit and Coffer the horses and carriages, together with the coachman, post-boy, express-boy,

6

or

thirtyjcccnd lrcar of George III. 179

r.r rider, guards, fcrvnnts, and other persons so employed to pass through such toll- A D.

gates, bin, cr gates, and across such ferries without delay; or if any ferryman shall i yg 2.

not within the space of fifteen minutes after demand made, in allpoflible cases convey Quip. 10. the coachman, post-boy, express-boy, rider, guard, servant, and other persons, toge- v ther with the horses and carriages employed as aforesaid, across such ferry to the usual landing-place; or i(any person having the care of any gate of a walled town, or the culiody of the keys of such gate, shall not within a quarter of an hour after demand nude aloud at such gate, open the fame, and admit the coachman, post-boy, express*boy, rider, guard, servant, or other persons, together with the horses and horse-carriages employed as aforesaid, such offender or offenders being convicted thereof by the oath of such coachman, pod-hoy, express-boy, or rider, or other credible wit-nefsor witnesses, before any justice of the peace within thediftrift where such-offence

shall be committed, which oath every justice is hereby authorized and required to administer, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of twenty shillings, to be paid to the informer; and if the same shall not be forthwith paid upon such conviction, it shall and may be lawful for every justice, and he is hereby required to commit the offender to the houfu of correction, there to remain until the said penalty or forfeiture shall be paid, or for any time not exceeding the space of twenty-one days, nor less than fourteen days from the time of commitment, unless such-penalty or forfeiture shall be sooner paid.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the postmaster-general shall cause an account to be kept of all tolls payable on four-wheeled carriages' carrying or tra- , veiling with his Majesty's mails at the several and respective turnpike gates through which the same shall pass, and shall from time to time cause the amount thereof to be paid to the treasurers of the turnpike roads to whom the same are respectively payable, by four quarterly payments, any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the clauses, provisoes, powers, privileges, disabilities, penalties, forfeitures, and modes for the recovery of the fame matters and things contained in an act made in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of his Majesty's reign, touching the said general post office, and the said office, called the penny post-oflice, entitled, An Act for rjlabUJhhig a post-cjfce within this kingdom, and not herein, or by any other act passed in this kingdom, altered, amended, or repealed, shall be applied and extended, and shall be conftraed to apply and extend to this present act, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes as if the fame had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present act.

CHAP. XL

A11 AS to amend the Laws for the Sale and Insurance of Lottery Tickets.

WHEREAS great inconvenience has arisen from mul- Rep- (nc«pt tiplicity of the acts of parliament made for preventing c. is.^jb'.3' unlawful lotteries, and for regulating offices for dealing in, and felling and insuring lottery tickets, and it is expedient that such provisions as are necessary for such purposes should Y y 2 be

i So The thirtysecond Year of George III.

A.D.

be comprised in one lavy; therefore be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and

consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of

to much of the fame, That so much of the several acts herein mention-

I'L-niionnl,'as cd as relates to the preventing of unlawful lotteries, and to

v'mhiVuu.' regulate the dealing in, and felling and insuring of lottery

lawful loitc- tickets, shall from and after the passing of this act be, and lies, tepealed;

the fame is hereby repealed, that is today, an act passed in

19 & 20G.3. the nineteenth ’ and twentieth years of his Majesty's reign, c 5 entitled, An act for licensing and regulating lottery offices, and two arts 21 & fir other purposes therein mentioned, two -other acts passed in c'2’ the twenty-first and twenty-second years of his Majesty's reign, one entitled, An act for granting unto his Majesty the several aids, duties, rales, impositions and taxes, therein particularly cxprrffid, to be applied to the payment of the interest of the /urns therein provided for, and towards the discharge of the said principal jam, in fitch manner as therein is directed, and for such other purposes as are therein mentioned, and the other entitled, An act to amend an act, entitled, An act for licensing and regulating lottery 0 flees, and for other purposes therein mentioned, made in the nineteenth and twentieth years of his Majesty's 2jG s. c. 4;. reign, one other act passed in the twenty-fifth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for amending the laws for 27G3.C. 29. regulating lottery offices, one other act passed in the twenty-seventh year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty the several duties therein mentioned, and r< C. 3. for the letter regulation of lottery offices, and one other act passed in the thirty-first year of his Majesty's reign, entitled. An act to regulate the insurance of lottery tickets.

il. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful to buy and sell within all parts of tills kingdom, any ticket or tickets in any llritiffi lottery or lotteries now authorised, or hereafter to be authorised by any IJritish act of parliament, or any share, or (haves cf any ticket or tickets in any such British lotteryor lotteries, and to insure such tickets in the ii.me manner, as if such llvitifli tickets were tickets in a lottery established by ..a ,v£l of the parliament of this kingdom.

III. And be it enacted, That no person Audi publicly or privately set up, exerdfe, keep, or opai by himself, herself, or any other person or persons, any office or place U'\- buying, (cliing, insuring, registering, giving, or otherwise dealing tn tickets or chances, or shares thereof, or in the number or numbers of any ticket or tickets in any lriih or Jlvirish lottery whatsoever, or shall sell or dispose of at any one time, any Angle ticket, or any number of tickets in any lottery less than ten such lottery' tickets, or Hull by writing or printing, pubHAi the setting up or using of any such office or place; or shall grant, sign, or underwrite, any policy or agreement for the insurance 1 of

The thirty second Year of George III. . 181

of any ticket, or shall take or receive any premium or consideration to make any such A.D. insurance, without having taken out a license for that purpose under the hands and ] jgz, seals of two or more of the managers and directors of lotteries in this kingdom for the Ch;i r. I I. time being, which licensc shall continue in force for one year, from the twenty-fifth 'v—

dav of March preceding the granting of such licensc, and no longer, or until the end of the drawing of any lottery which shall have begun to be drawn before the said dav, and shall not then be flniflied, and r.o longer.

IV. And be it enacted, That every such licensc shall set forth the true name or names, and place or places of abode of the person or persons taking cut the fame, and also the place where such business or dealings shall be carried on; and no one license which shall be granted by virtue of this a cl, shall authorize or empower any person or persons to whom the fame shall be granted, to buy, fell, inline, icgifler, or otherwise deal in any tickets or chances, or shares thereof, or in the number or numbers of any ticket or tickets in any lottery whatsoever, in any other honfe or place than such one house or place as shall be expressed in such license.

V. And be it enacted, That no such license as aforesaid, shall be granted to any person or persons, unlef» at the time of granting such license it shall appear 10 the said commissioners of the lottery by a certificate firm the officer for the time being, appointed for flamping shares of lottery tickets, that such person or persons hath or have depofiied with such officer for stumping shares of lottery tickets not less than two hundred lottery tickets, if such tickets be tickets in an Irish lottery, to be divided in such shares as the person or persons depositing the same shall require, agreeably to the regulations herein for dividing tickets into shares; and if such person or persons requhe a license for keeping mote than one loiter)' office, he, (lie, or they shall in like manner deposite with the said commissioners not less than two hundred tickets in any Irish lottery for each such office, for the keeping of which lie, flic, or they shall require a license.

VI. And be it enacted, That no such license which shall have been granted to any person or persons, shall be valid, tinless he, flic, or they shall have deposited in the bank of Ireland, the sum of five hundred pounds in money or government fccu-rities, on or before the first day of November in the year for which such license is granted, there to remain until one month after the expiration of the licensc to such person; and if no fuir, prosecution, or proceeding for recovery of any penalty or forfeiture on account of any offence against this act, shall be commenced within or before such month, then the person or persons who so deposited the said sum, shall be repaid the fame; but in case that any such foil or prosecution be commenced, and that the person sued or prosecuted, shall be convicted of the offence, th.cn the money so deposited, or so much thereof as the penalty or penalties to which the person or persons convicted, shall be subject, shall amount unto, shall be paid in the same manner as the fame would be in case such penalty or penalties had been levied under such ronviAion.

VII. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons to whom any such license as aforesaid shall be granted, shall be convicted of any offence against this act, or any other act then in force relative to the regulation of lotteries or sale of lottery tickets, or to the insurance of tickets, such license shall be forfeited, and from thenceforth the same shall be void; and the said managers and direAors, if they shall think fit, may refuse to grant to the person or persons so convicted a license in future.

VIII. And be it enacted, That every person who shall be Heenfed to buy, fell, or otherwise deal in tickets, or to register the number of tickets, or to insure tickets in any lottery, shall cause his, her, or '-heir name or names, and surname or surnames, and the words w Ueenjed to deal in lottery tickets" to be written or expressed in legible charaAers upon or near the door in the front of his, her, or their office, shop, or

Vol. XVI. Z 2 other

102

The shirty-fccuul Year of George III.

other place for felling of tickets, to denote that such person or persons is or are a dealer or dealers in lottery tickets, and liable to take out a licensc , and if any person or persons shall fell or deal in such lottery tickets as aforesaid, without complying with the said provision, he. Hie, or they so offending, shall for every day on which such offence shall be committed, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds.

IX. And be it enacted, That no person shall fell any smaller share or shares in any ticket or tickets in any Irish or British lottery than onc-sixteenth part or (hate only, or shall publish any propnfals for felling any smaller share or shares of any ticket or tickets in any such lottery than onc-sixteenth, or shall fell or publish any proposal for felling any ticket, share, or chance, which shall not entitle,the purchaser or holder thereof to an equal proportion of every prize in the lottery to which such ticket shall belong 5 and that every person who shall offend in any of the said matters, shall forfeit and pay for every such offence the sum of one hundred pounds j and every fuc hfalc and contract, and every agreement relating thereto, (halt be, and is hereby declared null and void.

X. And be it enacted, That no office or place kept by any person so licensed as aforesaid, shall be opened for any of the said purposes, or for the transaction of any business relating to such lottery or lotteries as aforesaid, before the hour of seven of the clock in the morning, nor after the hour of ten of the clock in the evening, except on the evening of the Saturday preceding the drawing of such lottery or lotteries' respectively, and that such limitation or restriction in point of rime shall be inserted in every such licensc; and in case of any breach of such reflri&ion, such Heenfe shall be forfeited, and shall and may be revoked by any two or more of the managers and directors for the time being j and no new license shall be granted to or for the benefit of the same person or persons dlretlly or indirectly, for keeping any office or place for any of the purposes aforesaid.

XI. And the more cfic£lualty to prevent frauds and abuses in the felling of lot" tery tickets in shares or chances, be it enacted, That each and every ticket 111 any lottery or lotteries before it be divided into or fold in shares or chances, shall be brought to the office established for receiving tickets deposited for the purposes of being divided into.shares, and shall be there deposited, and left with the officer or officers for the time being appointed for stamping or marking shares of tickets, who are hereby authorized and required to receive the same.

XII. And be it enacted, That such officer or officers, or his or their deputy or deputies, shall and is, and are hereby authorized and required to (lamp and mark each and every share or shares of each and every such ticket so deposited as aforesaid, with some flourish or device, and that such officer or officers, or his or their deputy or deputies, upon die receipt of every such ticket, or any number of tickets for die purpose aforesaid, shall give a receipt or receipts to die holder or proprietor of such ticket or tickets, to be shared or divided in wridng for the fame, in the form following, that is to say:

Received the day of one thousand seven hundred and

a ticket in the present lottery, number which is dividfd into

fares or chances, pursuant to an aR of parliament made in the thirtyfeeond year of the reign of King George the third, entitled, An act to amend the laws for the sale and in-strance of lottery tickets; which said ticket non remains and is in my ettflody, in pursuance of the said act. ‘

XIII. And be it enacted, That every such ticket as shall be so deposited in the said office, and shall be divided into ihares or chances pursuant to this act, shall remain and continue in the custody and possession of such officer or officers as aforesaid, until the expiration of ten days next after the drawing of such ticket in such tottery or lotteries respectively 5 and diat on the expiration of ten days next after the

3 drawing

The thirty-second Year of George III.

drawing of such ticket in such lottery or lotteries respectively, such ticket shall be returned to the owner or owners thereof, his, her, or their agent or agents, assignee or assignecs, upon producing the said officer’s said receipt for the same.

XIV. And be it enacted, That a book or books shall be kept by such officer or officers as aforesaid, who shall truly and fairly enter and register in such book or books, the number of each and every ticket which shall be so as aforesaid deposited in the said office for the purpose aforesaid, together with the name or names of the person or persons who shall so leave and deposite the fame for the purposes aforesaid 5 and also the number of shares or chances into which each such ticket shall be so divided,

‘83 A.D. 1792.

Chap. n.

which book or books any person shall and may, from time to time, and at all renfon-able times, resort to and inspect, on payment of the sum of one penny, to such officer or officers as aforesaid.

XV. And be it enacted, That upon the leaving and depositing of any ticket hv such lottery or lotteries as aforesaid, at or in the said office, with such officer or officers as aforesaid, for the purposes aforesaid, the person or persons who shall so leave and deposite the fame, shall pay to such officer or officers as aforesaid, for each and every finre or chance into which each and every such ticket in such lottery or lotteries shall be divided by such officer or officers as aforesaid, die sum of two pence*, and that with the monies arising from such fee, such officer or officers as aforesaid, shall bear and pay all such incident charges and expences as shall or may attend the receipt, entry, and taking care of all such tickets as shall be brought to, and deposited in the said office for the purposes aforesaid, and all other expences attendant on the said office.

XVI. And be it enacted, That such officer or officers as aforesaid, shall not stamp any {hare or chance of a ticket, which shall not be in the form following:

No.

Jrifi

or Lottery for the year seventeen Brit if)

The bearer will be entitled to the proportion of such beneficial chance as fioall belong to the ticket numbered as above, according to the scheme printed on the back hereof the above mentioned lottery, to be drawn in Ireland

or

Great Britain,

which ticket has been deposited with the officer appointed forfiamping and marking shares and chances of lottery tickets.

Lottery*ojfice, No. fircet.

And on the back of which there shall not be printed the scheme of the proportion of the , benefits which shall arise on such share or chance, if the ticket, the number of which shall be mentioned in such share or chance, shall prove fortunate, and such officer or officers shall not stamp a greater number of fliarcs or chances depending upon any one ticket, than shall altogether be equal to the whole of such ticket, or to any benefit which shall belong thereto, nor any share of a ticket or chance which shall be less than one-sixteenth part of such ticket, or which shall be entitled to less than one-sixteenth part in value of such benefit as may belong to such ticket; nor unless the original ticket which shall be so divided, be deposited with him as aforesaid, and such share or chance shall be signed by the person licensed to issue the fame 5 and if any ticket importing to be a share of a ticket, or a chance depending upon any ticket in any lottery, shall be made out otherwise than as aforesaid, and under and subject to the regulations aforesaid, by any person or persons, the fame is hereby declared void, and the person or persons who shall issue the fame, or sell or expose the same to f.ile, or shall print or publish any scheme, or proposal Z 7. 2 for

184

The thirty-second Year of George III.

A.D. 1792. Chap. 1I

for issuing the fame, shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds for every such offence; ami if such person or persons be Licensed, the licensc to him, her, or them granted,* shall, from tlw time of his, her, or their conviction of such offence, be nail and void.

XVII. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or shall willingly act or afiilt in the forging or counterfeiting any share or shares, chance or chances of any ticket or tickets, signed, divided, made and delivered out as by this act js directed, or alter any number, figure, word or (lamp therein or thereon, or utter, vend, barter or dispose of any such forged, counterfeited, or altered flurc or fliarcs, chance or chances of any ticket or tickets, or shall bring any such forged or counterfeited share or fliarcs, chance or chances, the damp whereof, or any figure or word therein shall have been altered, knowing the lame to be such, to any person or persons with a fraudulent intention, or fii.di willingly aid, abet, affitt, hire or command any person or persons to commit any such offence as aforesaid, then and In every such case, all and every such person or persons lb offending, shall be deemed a felon and felons, and shall suffer derail without benefit of clergy.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any person actually possessed of any whole undrawn ticket, in any lottery established by law in this kingdom, or in Great Britain, to make or cause to be made, any insurance on his or her ticket, for indemnifying himself or herlclf against any iofs, which lie or (lie may sustain by venturing in such lottery, for or byreasonof such ticket; and that no person shall grant or make any policy of insurance upon any lottery ticket, unless such ticket shall be produced to him or her at the time of insuring the fame; and the person insuring such ticket, or his known clerk, forwhofc aft he shall be responsible, and whose name he shall notify to the directors and managers of the lottery, and also leave with the said directors and managers, the lignaturc by the person acting as clerk, of his name ami surname, shall thereon endorse his name, and that every such policy of insurance shall be in the fonn following:

No.

Irish

or Lottery for the year 17

British

A.B. bring actually pffffed of the ticket

Irish

numbered at above in the present or lottery,

British

We the under-written, in coif deration of fr,om him or her received,

do premise to pay to him or hr, or his or her ajpgns, the sum of

or to return him or her an undrawn ticket, in case the number belonging to the said ticket be or be not drawn, (or be or be not drawn a blank or prize, as the case may be) on the day of drawing

Irish

in the present or Lottery, and on no other day.

British

Dated this day of

- V Licensed > For 4. B. and lottery ojp.ee, No. > C. D.

free!, j Signed F. F.

And if any such policy of insurance shall be made, without the person whose ticket is insured producing the ticket upon which the insurance shall be made, or if such endorsement as aforesaid, shall not be made on the ticket insured, or if any policy for insuring a lottery ticket be made in any other form than as aforesaid, every such 6 policy

The thirty-second Year of George III.

policy shall be void, and the person or persons Hccnfal to ifiiic policies of insurance at the office where such policy shall be issued, and the person writing or issuing such policy therein for him, her, or them, shall respectively forfeit the sum of fifty pounds for every such offence; and if any person shall pay any premium for the insurance of any ticket, without producing to the person or persons insuring the fame, the ticket on which the insurance was made, or without obtaining such endovfcment as aforesaid, to be made thereon, every such person for every such offence shall forfeit five pounds, favc only such person as Hull have sued with effect for a breach of this act.

XIX. And bc.it enacted, That if any person or persons shall fell, insure, rcgHtcr, or otherwise deal in any lottery tickets, or any shares or chances of tickets, or set up, exercise, or keep any office.or place for buying, felling, insuring, registering, or otherwise dealing in any tickets or chances, or parts or fharcs thereof, or in the number or numbers of any ticket or tickets in any lottery, or shall by writing or printing, publish the setting up, or using of any such office or piace, or shall fell any ticket.or share of a ticket in any lottery, or Hull grant, sign, or underwrite any policy or agreement for the insurance of any ticket, or shall take or receive any premium or confederation to make any such insurance, without having taken out such licensc as aforesaid; or if any person shall act as a servant, clerk, agent, or otherwise, in any such office or place, for the keeping of which Fuch licensc as aforesaid shall not have been granted; or if any person shall mfure any one number for any sum lei's ithan the value of seven guineas, or in any manner other than is directed by this act,

every such person for each and every such offence, shall respectively forfeit the sum

of one hundred pounds; and every such person upon the view of any magiflrr.te, or being thereof convicted by the oath of any credible witness, before any magistrate, shall by warrant under the hand and fml of such magistrate, be committal to g.icl, until he or flic shall have paid the said sum of one hundred pounds, and all bool.-; and papers relating to any lottery, which, shall be found in any such office, for the keeping of which such licensc as aforesaid, shall not have been granted, shall and may be seized and carried away by any such magiilrntc, ov by his order.

XX. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons shall set up, or shall I y writing or priming publish the setting up any unlawful lottery, or any lottery, except a lottery established, or to be estabhflied by law in this kingdom, or in Great Britain, or shall in any manner enter into, or publish any undertaking tending to term any scheme refenibling a lottery, or in the nature of a lottery, under any denomination vhatsoever, on the foot of any Irish-or British flare lottery, or other lottery, or in any fort referring thereto, or depending or fc muled thereon, or shall fell, procure, or deliver any ticket, receipt, chance, or number,4in or belonging to any pretended lottery, or other lottery, except an Irish or British flat:* lottery as aforesaid, or in or belonging to any clals, part, or.division of any lottery, favc as aforesaid, cr belonging <o any undertaking or scheme in the nature or reflmblance of a lottery, or fl all ^procure or deliver any ticket, receipt, chance or number, in or belonging to ary duplicate, or pretended duplicate, orrefemblance of any loiter:, or any undertaking or scheme whatsoever, in the nature of a lottery, or shall receive cr cause to be received, any money or other consideration for any such unlawful ticket, receipt, chance or number, or for or in consideration of any money or other reward, to be Tepaid in case any ticket or tickets, number or numbers of or in any such undertaking or scheme in the nature or resemblance of a lottery as aforesaid, shall prove fortunate; and if any person or persons shall make, print, advertize or publish, or cause to be made, printed, advertised or published, any proposal or proposals, scheme or schemes, for advancing small sums of money by several persons, amounting in the whole to large sums, to be divided amengft them by the chances of the prices In any lottery established by any act of parliament of this kingdom, or Great Britain, or

I

186 The thirty-second Year of George III.

shall deliver out, or cause cr procure to be delivered out, tickets to the persons advancing such sums, to entitle diem to a /bare of the money so advanced, or any Other advantage according to such proposal or proposals, scheme or schemes, or /JjaJJ make, print, advertize, pubJifh, or cause to be made, printed, advertised or published, any proposal or proposals, scheme or schcincs of the like kind or nature, under any denomination, name, or title whatsoever, every such person shall for every such offence, over and above any former penalties inflicted by any former act or acts of parliament made against any private or unlawful lotteries, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XXI. And be it ennded, That if any person or persons shall keep any office or offices, or shall print or publish any scheme or schemes, proposal or proposals for receiving any sum or sums of money, in consideration of any interest to be granted for the fame, in any ticket or tickets, or number or numbers of tickets in any lottery, whereof such person or persons shall not then 'oc actually possessed in his, her, or their own right, or in consideration of any sum or sums of money to be repaid, in case any ticket or tickets, number or numbers of any ticket or tickets in any lottery, which shall not then be in the actual possession of such person or persons, in his, her, or their own right, shall prove fortunate, or shall fell or take subserip-tmns for the fide of any chance or chances, lot or lots, or part or part$ of any chances or lots, chance or lot, or of any one or more of the tickets of any lottery, or of or on the number or numbers of any lottery ticket or tickets, without having such original ticket or tickets in his, her, or their own custody or possession and right} or shall fell any greater number of chances, parts or fliarcs of or in any ticket, than the condiment parts thereof, or than such ticket shall really contain, such person and persons shall, for every such offence as aforesaid, forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds, the one moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and succes-. fors, and the other moiety to the informer.

XXII. And be it enacted, That no person shall fell any ticket or tickets, or any fliavc oj shares chance or chances, of or in any ticket or tickets in any Irish or Bri-tilli lottery for a dav, or part of a day, or for any other time less than the whole time of drawing such lottery then to come, or shall publish any proposal or proposals for any such purpose or purposes; and every person who shall offend in any of the aforesaid matter or matters, shall forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That every person who. shall be an adventurer in, or shall pay any money or other consideration, or any ways contribute unto, or upon the account of any such falcs, lotteries, proposals or schemes, as in an att made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty George the second, entitled, An act for the more effectually preventing of exccfftve and deceitful gaming, and as herein arc subjected to penalties, shall forfeit for every such offence, double the sum paid and contributed

XXIV. And be it enacted, That all penalties not exceeding the sum of one hundred pounds, which shall be incurred for any offence against this act, or any act now of force for preventing unlawful lotteries, may be recoverable before any one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county, city, town, or other district in which the offence shall be committed, upon proof of the offence by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or on confession of the offender, or on view of such justice; and that one moiety of every such penalty shall belong to the informer or informers prosecuting for the fame, and the other moiety to his Majesty, his heirs and successors; and that in case of non-payment of any such penalty, the offender shall be sent by such justice to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour, for auy time not exceeding six months, nor less than three

months.

1792. Chap. 11

The thirty-second Year of George III. 187

months, ns such justice shall think proper, unless nidi penalty shall be sooner paid A.D. or satisfied.

XXV. And be it enacted, That if any persons committing any of the said of- Clhlpi II, fences, shall be at the time of such offence or otlcnces committed, licensed to keep a lottery office, it shall and may be lawful for the managers and dlredovs of the Jrifli fbte lottery for the time being, or any three or more of them, upon information on oath, which oath the said managers or directors, or any three of them, are hereby empowered to ndminister forthwith, cither before or after recovery of any of the penalties imposed by this or any other law, or any conviction for recovery of the fame, to recal, annul, and make void the license or licenses of such person or persons so committing such offence or offences; and the person or persons whose license or licenses shall have been recalled and made null and void as aforesaid, shall from thenceforth be incapable of exercising, keeping, or opening any office or place for buying, felling, registering, or otherwise dealing in any ticket or tickets, or chances or parts, or shares thereof, -or in the number or numbers of any ticket or tickets in any lottery whatsoever, until the person or persons, whose license or licenses shall have been so recalled, shall obtain another license or licenses for the purpose of keeping a lottery office, which new license or licenses, the said commissioners or managers of the Irlfh date lottery for the time being, from time to time, are hereby empowered to grant in case they shall think fit, ami not otherwise, upon the like terms as the original license is hereby required to be granted.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That all and singular the penalties herein and hereby imposed, exceeding one hundred pounds, shall and may be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record, at Dublin, in which no essoign, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no suit, action or prosecution,

shall be commenced or brought against any person or persons for any penalty or forfeiture incurred by any offence against the provisions herein contained, unless the same shall be commenced or brought within six weeks next after the fact was committed, or such cause of action shall have accrued, and not afterwards, and shall be laid or brought in the county, city, or place wherein such offence shall have been committed, or such cause of action shall have arisen, and not elsewhere; and that if any person or persons shall be sued, molested, or prosecuted for any thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this act, such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter in evidence in his, her, or their defence, at the trial or trials which shall be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance of, and by authority of this act j and if afterwards a '

verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or be nonsuited, or judgment shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against any such plaintiff or plaintiffs, prosecutor or prol'ecutors, and have like remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have for costs, in any other cases by law.

3 A

188

fthe thirtysecond Year of George III.

CHAP. XII.

An Act to explain the Tnifis for- which certain ReBories Impropriate., and Tithes forfeited, by Reason of the Rebellion in this Kingdom in the Year One thousand six hundred and eighty-eight, were conveyed to certain Trustees nominated by the several Bishops in whose Dioceses such ReBories Impropriate, and Tithes are filualed.

[Preamble.]

JlG. 3.C. 48.

Surviving trullrci nf

clUes f‘,r*

fciuilin if)!?'*, diil jflipiuuto prrfuiN I'.iti in

uamcil,fivtr.il rcdonvs, ive. for 20 \cats. fr\«n 2d Nov. 1699, 'ii tt ml

for irpiitiifig di'irclics. AC. as herein;

WHEREAS by several deeds, indented and enrolled in his Majesty's high court of Chancery of this kingdom, fir Cyril Wick, knight, Francis Annesley, John Baggs, John Frcnchard, John Ifliatn, Henry Longford, James Hooper, esquire, John Cary, gentleman, fir Henry Shere, knight, Thomas Harrison, William Fellows, i*ncl Thomas Rawlins, esquires, surviving trustees of the estates forfeited in this kingdom, on account of the rebellion in the year one thousand six hundred and eighty-eight, in pursuance of a power in them vested for‘that purpose, did at the nomination of certain arehbilhops and bishops, bargain, fell, and assign unto William Ncavc, one of her then Majesty's serjeants at law; Marmaduke Coghill, and Morley Saunders, doctors of the civil laws, Samuel Dopping, John Usher, and Stephen Ludlow, of the city of Dublin, esquires, of the third part, several redorics impropriate, with all and singular the tithes, oblations, obventions, glebes, advowsons of vicarages thereunto severally and respectively belonging or appertaining, or accepted, reputed, taken, used, letten, or enjoyed as part, parcel, or member of them, or any of them, forfeited by reason of the said rebellion, together with the profits thereof, from the second day of November, one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, in trail, that the profits thereof should be disposed of, and employed from the said second day of November, 0:1c thousand six hundred and ninety-nine, for the spaee of twenty years thence next ensuing in rebuilding or repairing such parish churches within this kingdom, as tile lords justices, lieutenant general, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, by and with the consent and advice of the bishop of each respective diocese for the time being, should direct and appoint,

The thirty-second Year of George III. 189

and after the expiration of the find term of twenty Years, for the perpetual augmentation of such small recto-tics and vicarages in this kingdom, as the lords justices or other chief governors of this kingdom, by any writing under their hands and seals, with the content of the bishop of each respective diocese, wherein any such augmentation should be made, thou Id direct and appoint: and whereas by an instrument bearing date the nineteenth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and two, the then lords justices and chief governors of this kingdom, with the consent of the then several archbishops and bishops of this kingdom, did appoint and direct, that the several and respective firms

alter cxptvtv* lion oflant It rm, co bo liifp.iful u» ^8 herein;

'imi by an instiume'Jt dated J9 Mar. 1702, lords justices, &c. appointed and directed die dtTposal of ivntv. &c of fa*d rc&o-

therein mentioned, of the clear rents, issues, and profits of flV^rars-’ the said forfeited redtories impropriate, with the tithes, oblations, obventions, glebes, advowsons of vicarages, should be applied to the building and repairing of the several and respective churches therein mentioned, in the several dioceses of this kingdom; and did with the like consent, direct and appoint, that from and immediately after the expiration of the said term of twenty years, the profits of all and every the said forfeited rcdlories impropriate, with the tithes, oblations, obventions, glebes, advowsons of vicarages, and all other things thereunto severally and respectively belonging or appertaining, should be disposed of, and employed for the perpetual augmentation of the several rcdloiies and vicarages therein mentioned: and whereas the said forfeited rtfto. redtories impropriate, tithes, oblations, obventions, glebes, advowsons of vicarages, so vested in the said William Neave, Marmaduke Coghill, Morley Saunders, Samuel Dopping, yLCthe John Uther, and Stephen Ludlow, in trust for the purposes aforesaid, having been by the said last recited instrument, annexed 10 ihc several and 'respective redtories and vicarages therein mentioned, for the perpetual augmentation thereof, the uses in trust for which the said forfeited redtories impropriate, tithes, oblations, obventions, glebes, advowsons of vicarages, were vested in the said William Neave, Marmaduke Coghill, Morley Saunders, Samuel Dopping, John Ufiler, and Stephen Ludlow, were after the expiration of the said twenty years, fully answered and accomplithed; wherefore be it declared and enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this pre-Vo l. XVI. 3 B sent

icjo The thirty-second Year of George III.

A; D. Tent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the . 1792- fame: and it is hereby declared and enacted, that the several redtorics impropriate, with the tithes, oblations, obven-. tl.e n£to- tions, glebes, advowsons of vicarages, and all things there-

t/c« inpro- w k-

pfiate, with unto fc-verally and respectively belonging or appertaining,

t.'c ititm directed and appointed by the said instrument, of the nine-Nd'joVrLs teenth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and two, !9M.ir. to (jC annexed, and by the said instrument annexed to the . cil i love several rcdlories and vicarages therein mentioned, be deemed »dy, Ti«Tfor and taken to have been immediately from and after the ex-; ‘ piration of the said twenty years appendant, and shall for

so-ttal refto- ever continue to be appendant to the several redories , and

iicti, oCc. as # 11

krem; vicarages, to which the fame were respectively so. annexed,

an.i ait right?, and to the advowsons thereof respectively, and that 'all

herein r'?his, title, use, and trust, which became vested in the

toiled. . fajj} 'William Weave, Marmadulce Coghill', Morley Saunders,

‘ Samuel Dopping, John TJflier, Stephen Ludlow, and the survivors and survivor of them, and their or any of their heirs; shall be- deemed and taken to have ceased and determined,- to all intents and purposes whatsoever, immediately from and after-.the . expiration of the said, twenty

years.

' N.,tloaf. If Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enact-f cd, That nothing herein contained) shall affect the right or

any, m-egy -title to the advowsons or presentation of, or to the several

l>irlou-, lieicin,

Mracdi oi- rcdtorics or vicarages, or-any of them; to which the said ' their liars,

impropriate tithes, or any of 'them, are by the said mftru- ment annexed, save and except- such right,' title, or claim,

: as by virtue of the trust ..reposed as-, aforesaid, -in the said William Neave, Marmaduke Coghill, Morley Saunders, Samuel Dopping, John Usher,-and Stephen Ludlow, is, or may be'claimed by their, or-any of their, heirs, which said trust,'and all right and title thereunder, are hereby declared to be satisfied and determined, but the right-of all persons ' whatsoever, save as aforesaid,) to the advowsons and pre-, fentations-of, and to all and every the said several redtories

and vicarages- shall be, and remain to alli, intents and pur-

pefes, in the like state and condition as if this act had

never been made, any thing-herein contained to the contrary -. in any wise- notwithstanding.

The thirty-second Year of George III.

CHAP. XIII.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of Ilii Majesty's Reign, Entitled, An Act for the Promotion and Encouragement of Inland Navigation,

so far only as respeils the Navigation from Bclturbet, by Lough-Erne to the Sea, and to confiitute certain persons therein named, a Corporation for the Purpose of carrying on and completing [aid Navigation.

WHEREAS by an act of Parliament passed in the Rccj,a| 29 twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Ma- Gco j-331' jesty, entitled, An act for the promotion and encouragement of inland navigation, it was among other things enacted, That debentures to the amount of five thousand one hundred pounds, bearing an interest of four pounds per centum per annum, fho'uld be issued to such persons as then were or should become undertakers for completing a navigable canal from Belturbet by Lough-Erne to the sea, pursuant to their petition presented to the house of commons in the then fsflion of Parliament, and that1 no such subscribers or undertakers respectively, as in the said act of Parliament mentioned, should be entitled to any such debenture, or to any; benefit whatsoever under the said act, who should not have deposited with the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, one-tenth part of their respective subscriptions or government securities for such tenth-part, or any proportion of the fame, such subscriptions respectively, being double the sum for which such subscribers or undertakers respect" lively were -by the said act entitled'to receive debentures, and that such deposites- should be made- by such subscribers - or undertakers respectively, -within six calendar months after the twenty-fourth- day of June then next, subject amongst other.-provisoes and conditions in the said act mentioned, to the forfeiture of one. moiety of such deposite, or of such part thereof -as should not have been expended on said work, within- eighteen calendar months after such deposite should have been, so made, to his Majesty, his heirs and successors: and whereas the undertakers for completing said ..navigable canal, from Belturbet by Lough-Erne to the sea,

3 B a named

191

A.D. 1792.

192 The thirty fccaul fear of George III.

A.D. 1792.

named in their said petition presented to the house of commons as aforesaid, have made their respective deposites with the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, in conformity to said in part recited act of Parliament, but from unforeseen accidents, have been prevented from commencing the work: and whereas it will be highly beneficial for that part of the kingdom, that said navigation should be completed on its original plan, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the if the personi fame, That in case the persons who in said sessions of Par-n pcm?on"tod liament, presented the said petition to the house of com-Mm'1'789 mons for aid towards carrying on and completing said work, for aid ai or any of them by themselves or iointly with others, shall

herein, shall ' J J

before24.Jtine before the twenty-fourth day of June next ensuing the paf-with term* sing of this act, commence said work, and expend thereon 29g'^'"they t'ic amount of said deposite, and comply with, and perform null be enti- the several' other terms and conditions in the said recited

tied to nil he-

oefits, 4c. aft mentioned, they and their assigns shall be entitled to, and have, receive, and enjoy all and every such aid, bounty, benefits, privileges, and advantages, as they would have been entitled to, if they had complied with, and performed the terms and conditions in the said act in that behalf mentioned and contained.

Persons

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, and all'ofhul That the right honourable William Willoughby, carl of who shall Ennillcillen, the right honourable Ralph earl of Ross, the

luvc any- , r

fliarciia right honourable John earl of Erne, the right honourable a body poll- William Conyngham, sir John Caldwell, baronet, Blaney porai*"forr" Townly Balfour, William Barton, Gorges Irwinc, Irwinc' carryiii^on Johnston, esquires, and the reverend doctor faint George, from Ucitur- the persons named in said petition presented to the house of Euletotbe* commons, and their assigns, and all such other persons as now have, or hereafter shall have any share or shares in the joint stock -herein after mentioned, shall be one body politic and corporate, in deed and in name, and have continuance for ever, for the purpose of carrying on and completing said navigation from Bciturbet by Lough-Erne to the sea, and for lbs making such navigable cuts and ofl-branches as they shall think fit, by the name of the Lough-Erne and Ballylhannon navigation company, and shall have perpetual + fucccflion,

The thhiy-second Year of George III.

{"necesii'.in, and a common seal, and by that name may sue and be sued.

Iil. And be it further enacted, That the capital stock of the said company shall be the sum of fifteen thousand three ;(jj.’300 c1' hundred pounds, that is to say, the sum five thousand one jueoi. grant-hundred pounds, granted by the aforesaid receited act, and andio,2coi. the sum of ten thousand two hundred pounds, subscribed by tire said undertakers, pursuant to their said petition presented to the house of commons.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Company lawful for the said company, by any act or acts to be passed w^Xb-at any general meeting or meetings of the said company, to

open any further subscription or subscriptions, and thereby 1'uck-to raise any further sum or sums of money which they shall find necessary for the purpose of carrying on and completing the said work, which further sums when subscribed, shall be added to, and become a part of the joint stock of the said company.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said company be, Company and are hereby invested with, and that they shall from henceforth hold and enjoy all and every the like powers, ^..i privileges, advantages and authorities, in all things what- j.'

ever, for the purpose of carrying on the said navigation and motmp inkmi off-branches in manner aforesaid, as shall at the close ofi"* this present session of Parliament, be vested in the corporation for promoting and carrying on an inland navigation in Ireland, and in the company of undertakers of, the grand canal, and in the royal canal company, in as full and ample manner, as if all and every the said powers, privileges, advantages and authorities, and all and every covenant and clause relating thereto, in any of the said acts conlained, were enacted in this a(2, any thing herein to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it enacted, That the said company shall be Committ-allowed by the commissioners of imprest accounts, as part pr<(i ncdm:a of the expenditure which is to entitle said company to the f,"*., debentures authorized by the said act, of the twenty-ninth

year of the reign of his present Majesty, to be t i (Tued on the terms therein mentioned, the expences of procuring and passing this and the said act, and of any other act relating to any other navigation or canal, in which said company are, or may be concerned or interested, and also of

Vol. XVI, 3 C their

154 The ihtrty-second Year of George III.

A.D.

their charter of incorporation, any law to the contrary not-1792. withstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any suit shall be may plead the commenced or prosecuted against any person or persons, for seue/al any thing which shall be done in pursuance of the powers, privileges, advantages, and authorities granted by this act, such person may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence, and that this act shall be deemed and taken to be a public act.

CHAP. XIV.

An Act for granting the Sum of Five Thousand Pounds to the Dublin Society, for the Purfofes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS by an act passed in this kingdom this present session of parliament. entitled, An art far granting for one year the several duties therein T ' it mentioned, in Hen of all other duties payable upon the articles therein specifted, during tfo fe-t. 5. fold term, and for continuing the effect of a treaty of commerce and navigation between his Mnjef.y and the mfI Ckvijlian King, and for regulating the trade between this ling* dom and his Majestys colonies, and for other purposes therein mentioned \ the sum of forty-eight thousand five hundred and sixty-eight pounds, was granted to be applied in such manner as Parliament ffiouhl direct, for the advancement of trade and manufactures, and the maintenance of hospitnls, charities, and public institutious, and for the further improvement of this kingdom, by building churches, and other public works; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That five thousand pounds, part of the said sum of forty-eight thousand five hundred and sixty-eight pounds, be given to the Dublin society, for the improvement of hulbamlry, and other useful arts, to be applied by them in manner herein mentioned, and to be paid by the vice-frca-furer or vice-treasurers, receiver or receivers-general, his or their deputy or deputies, without any further or other warrant, to be had, sued for, or obtained in that behalf.

II. And be it further enacted, That three thousand pounds, part of the said sum of five thousand pounds, shall be applied by the said society to the encouragement’ of agriculture and planting, and finishing the repository for implements of husbandry, and the remaining two thousand pounds in manner following $ that is to say, two hundred and fifty pounds to the encouragement of the glass manufacture, three hundred and fifty pounds thereof to the encouragement of fninning wool by jennies, and for the improvement of the art of worded weaving $ three hundred pounds for the improvement of the art of spinning worded, warps with wheels constructed on the model of those used in England for that purpose, and in premiums to the mif-trdlcs of the several charter schools, who shall have any number of girls, not less than ten, inliru&ted in the said art, the said sum to be paid in such proportions, and after fuclx manner, and on such conditions as the said society shall direct; the sum of three hundred pounds towards providing and maintaining a botanic garden.; and the remaining sum of eight hundred pounds for the payment of salaries to officers of the society, the support of schooJs for drawing, and other useful sciences, in promoting aits, in the purchase of a oabiuct of mineralogy, and for die encouragement

The thirty-second Year of George III. 195

ment of such manufactories as are not, or shall r.ot be entitled to receive any boun- A.D.

ties u'hatsoever, by virtue of any act or acts of Parliament made heretofore, or 1792-

during this session of Parliament, in such manner, time and times, and by such Chap. 14. ways and methods ns the said foeicty shall think proper; any law, bye-law, ufjgc, or cnflom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, That in the distributioil or appointment of the said film of two hundred and fifty pounds for the encouragement of the glass manufacture, two-fifth parts thereof shall be applied to the encouragement of the fame in Dublin and its environs, one-fifth in Cork, one-fifth in Waterford, and one-fifth in Bcifaft.

IV. And be it further candled by the authority aforesaid, That two-thirds at the lead of whatever balance may remain in the treasurer of said society's bands, after the fir if day of May, one ihoufiuu] feveil hundred and ninety-one, of the fund appropriated for the encouragement of manufactures and arts, shall be applied to the encouragement of agriculture and planting, in such manner as the said foeicty shall think proper, any law, byc-Ltw, ufitge or culloni to the contrary in any wise not- 1

witMlanding.

V. Whereas by the thirteenth report of the commissioners of imprest accounts, it appears that there is an arrear of nearly seven thousand pounds, due to the said society, on the annual subscriptions of the members thereof, at the rate of two guineas per annum, and the said arrear bas since encreased; be it further enacted, That the Aims so in arrear shall and may be sued for and recovered by civil bill, in the name of the secretary or treasurer of the said society, for its use, in the same manner as any debt or demand may be sued for and recovered by civil bill; provided that no appeal shall be brought from any decree on any such civil1 bill, unless the same shall be brought before the ensuing assizes or felTions of the peace, as the case may be.

VI. Provided always, That if any person so in arrear for any sum not exceeding sixteen guineas, shall before the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, pay to the said society, the sum of four guineas; and if any person so in arrear for more than sixteen guineas, shall before the said day, pay to the said society, one-fourth part of the arrear which shall be due by him, every such payment shall be deemed to be in full satisfaction of ail arrear due by every such person, and he shall be discharged from all further demand on account thereof; or if any such person shall on or before the said day, pay unto the said society the sum of twenty guineas, such person shall he deemed a subscriber for life, and be also discharged from all arrear, and from- all further annual payment.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all money which shall be so paid, shall be applied by the said society, to-3 C: wards

A rrrnre of

f'lSfcOjJtWTl may l»c rtri*-

vmd by civil bill;

no nppt*a/, tmleb before ensuing assizes.

Persons in arnarfor piiinc.T=, who fluili pay 4., before 24. June,

ami if for mote than its guinea'!, fiidll py 1 4th, discha'jrcd from fmther demand;

or who shall 1.0;.% (.' killed

for } fcajtl d1*-clui'pcd fioai

To i-mchafe a cabin* t of nwtca'^cTt

I g(j The ihlrty-second Year of George III.

A.B. wards the purchase of a cabinet of mineralogy, and of mo-dels for the drawing school, and the cflablishment of a botanic garden.

Arran

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all films which shall

;|!'r^eVcred at any time after the passing of this act become due, or be

Iiycml bill; jn arrear by any member of the said society, on account of the annual subscription, shall and may, from time to time,

members, es- be sued for and recovered in like manner by civil bill; and

'or^honorary! ^,at every member of the said society, except a member for

to fire notice jjfc or an honorary member, who shall not withdraw him-of withdraw* J

ing, as herein, self therefrom, by entering with the secretary thereof, a notice signed by himself, of his withdrawing himself, shall be deemed to continue an annual subscriber thereto, from the f^oir'0 day of his admission: provided that no member shall be allowed so to withdraw himself, until he shall have paid all arrears due by him, and the treasurer shall have certified to the secretary his receipt thereof.

CHAP. XV.

An Act to explain and amend certain Laws relative to Inland Navigations of this Kingdom.

[Preamble.]

canal com* -.panics have !>y different acts, been inverted with like pow*

ers as corpo-iation'forp’0* motinp inland navigation j

WHEREAS under and by virtue of several acts of Parliament heretofore made in this kingdom, the company of undertakers of the grand canal and royal canal company, and other companies, and persons who have respectively undertaken the making and finishing of canals and inland navigations, have been -inverted with the like powers, as by the several acts of Parliament theretofore made in this kingdom, relative to inland navigation, had been verted in the corporation for promoting and carrying on an inland navigation in Ireland, for enabling them to summon juries, as by the said last. mentioned acts were directed, and it is found expedient to vary the said powers; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That whenever at shall hereafter happen, that it shall be necessary for the

i company

The thirty-fecoml Year of George I'll:

company of undertakers of the grand canal, the royal canal company, and other companies, and persons who have rc-speflively undertaken the making and finishing of canals, and inland navigations, or shall hereafter lawfully undertake the fame, under and by virtue of any act of Parliament, or charter to be granted by his Majesty, his heirs or successors, shall find it necessary, or judge it expedient for any purposes for which the said corporation for promoting an inland navigation in Ireland, was heretofore, or the said companies and persons, or any of them are now under, and by virtue of any of the said acts of Parliament empowered to cause juries to be summoned, in all and every such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for such companies respectively, by precept, warrant, or instrument in writing under their common seal, and for such persons respectively, by precept, warrant, or instrument in writing under their hands and seals, to be directed to the sheriff or sheriffs of the county, or county of a town or city, wherein such lands, houses, tenements, or hereditaments, shall be filuatc, to command such sheriff or sheriffs to summon and return, and such sheriff and sheriffs are hereby required to summon and return at leaf!, thirty-six able and sufficient persons, qualified according to the laws and statutes of this realm, to be returned for trials of issues joined in his Majesty's courts at Dublin, and twelve at least of which persons shall be either justices of the peace for such counties or counties of towns or cities respectively, or persons who shall have served on some grand jury of such county, or county of town or city, to appear before such sheriff or sheriffs at such time and place, as by such precept, warrant, or instrument in writing as aforesaid, shall be directed or appointed, (of which time and place, such persons so summoned, shall have forty-eight hours previous notice, to be served as in such cases usual and required by law,) and also to return in issues upon every person so summoned and returned, the sum of five pounds sterling, at which time and place such sheriff or sheriffs, his or their under-sheriff, is and are hereby required to attend, and to call over the names of the several persons so summoned, impanelled, and returned, and the first three persons who upon the calling over of the said names, shall there appear, and who shall be then justices of the peace, or shall have been summoned, and have . Vol. XVI. 3» served

l(J 7

A.D.

!79--Chap. :5.

6 qualified persons (o be returned di herein;

4ft hours notice

to ntnrn in ifiueupim ever)' person summoned 5l.

sheriff to call over names*

first 3 to pre-fiJc

ig8

A.D. 1792.

Chap. ry.

next 12 to be tin: jury for ascertaining coRipcnfa* <tiooj

an default of a sufficient number, others may he returned us here in;

commissioners under this to'have like powers as jby former .*&$ wciein-9c(led in corporation

'Judgments, &c, under hands anil foals to be preserved;

The thtrty-second Year of George III.

served on grand juries as aforesaid, to whom no legal cause of challenge to serve as jurors on such inquest would lie, shall be commissioners for presiding at, and holding such enquiry or inquisition as by the acts now of force relating to such navigations or canals are directed, and the next twelve persons who upon the calling over the names of the persons so summoned, impanelled, and returned, who shall there appear, and to whom no legal or just cause of challenge shall lie, shall be the jury for assessing and ascertaining what sums, compensation or recompense shall be paid or given, to all and every person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, for such proportion of his, her, or their property, as shall be made use of for any of the purposes aforesaid, and for the damages which he, she, or they may sustain by the making said works respectively; and in default of the appearance of a sufficient number of the persons so summoned, impanelled, and returned, sue'h sheriff or she-riffs, 1ms or their under-sheriff, shall return other honest and indifferent men of the standers by, or that ean be speedily procured to attend that service, to make up such jury to the number twelve, and all parties concerned may have their lawful challenge against any of the said jury-men: and such commissioners to be from time to time appointed under and by virtue of this act, or any two of them shall be invested with, and use and exercise the like powers and authority for holding enquiries or inquisitions, and for administering oaths to such jurymen, and witnesses and others, and for pronouncing and making judgments and decrees on the verdicts of such juries, and for all other purpefes as by the said acts of parliament, or any of them, were heretofore veiled by law in the said corporation, for promoting and carrying on an inland navigation in Ireland, or in the commissioners by the said last mentioned corporation appointed for the purposes aforesaid, or any of them: and the judgments and decrees to be pronounced and made by them, shall be set down in writing under the hands and seals of the commissioners, who shall pronounce and make the fame, and be preserved and kept in the like manner, and have the like operation, force, and effect,- and be carried into execution in like manner as judgments and decrees of the commissioners heretofore appointed by the said corporation, for promoting and carrying on an inland navigation in Ireland;

6 and

The thirty-second Year of George III. x99

and such Sheriff or flierifis who shall disobey or neglect to A.D. Obey such precept, warrant, or instrument in writing to him or them directed, and such persons as shall be summoned, impanelled, and returned as aforesaid, as shall not duly attend upon such jury or juries, upon being summoned obey precepts, as aforesaid, or at any time to which any such enquiry or ami persons inquisition shall be adjourned by such commissioners, or ,a,emlins. any two of them, shall be respectively liable to the like fines for such offences as such sheriff or sheriffs, and per- PG-i-fons so summoned would be liable to for the like offences, under and by virtue of an act of parliament made in the thirtieth year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for the better enabling the Royal Canal Company to complete the Royal Canal, from the city of Dublin to Tarmonbury, on Fines to be the river Shannon; such fines to be imposed by such company or person as shall duly make and issue such precept, warrant, or instrument in writing as aforesaid, and to be Att-estreated and levied in such manner as is in and by said last mentioned act directed.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that Perfom wins this act shall be sufficient to indemnify, as well the said commissioners to be appointed in pursuance of this act, asdcm,lilicl1-the said companies or persons who have undertaken, or shall lawfully undertake such works as aforesaid; and all persons employed and authorized by them, against the owners of the premisses so valued, their heirs, executors, administrators and assigns, for any ad, matter, or thing by them lawfully done, under and by virtue of this act j and if any suit shall be commenced or prosecuted against any person or persons, for any thing which shall be done in pursuance of this act, or the powers or authorities hereby granted, such person or persons may plead the general issue, and give the special matters in evidence.

III. And be it further enacted, that all and every enqui- . Alienqni- -ries, inquisitions, valuations, verdids, judgments and de- don'., fc. s.-c. crees, had, made, given, or pronounced before the passing ^Wore, this act, in respect of - the matters aforesaid, or any of them,

before or by any commissioners appointed by, or in pur- der fiidaa, fuance of the said acts of parliament, or any of them, under and by virtue of the powers heretofore by law vetted, or intended to be vetted in such commissioners, and in respect to which no suit at law or in equity hath been here-3 D a tofore

200 The thirty-second Year of George III.

A.D.

tofore commenced, shall be, and be deemed to be by all

*792- courts of justice good, valid, binding, and sufficient in law, to all intents and purposes whatsoever; and that in case the sums of money by such verdicts assessed and awarded, have been paid to the persons entitled thereto respectively, or in case the fame have not been paid, then and in such case, upon the payment of the sums of money by such verdiAs assessed and awarded to the several persons entitled thereto, or tendering and depositing the fame, in the manner by said acts of parliament, some or one of them directed, the several houses, lands, tenements and hereditaments, for and in respect of which such sums of money have been assessed and awarded, are hereby and shall be deemed to be absolutely vested in the said companies or persons' respectively, for whose use, or by whose procurement, the fame have been valued:

Enquiries,

IV. And be it enacted, That all and every enquiries, in-mT'wI11’ qfifitions and valuations which have been commenced be-tions ram- forc the passing this act, and are or may be now depending fore this act, in respect to any of the matters aforesaid, and: any verdiAs rending, wl and judgments Which shall be hereafter made, given, or pro-llJ' nouri'ced upon such enquiries, inquisitiens and valuations,

by or before any commissioners appointed by, or in pursuance of the said' aiAs of parliament, or any of them, under or by virtue of the said powers heretofore by law vested, or intended to be vested in such commissioners, shall be, and be dfeemed to be, by all courts of justice, in like manner good, valid, binding and sufficient in law, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, if otherwise duly proceeded upon, though the commissioners aAing therein be members of such companies respectively.

Not to ns V. Provided: always, That nothing herein contained, shall uent suits by hinder or prevent any person, who may be affected by any ed,fram com- verdict or judgment to be made, given, or pronounced upon ,^'3 mm'iiis " any such enquiry, inquisition, or valuation commenced be-ufvtrdift. fore the passing this act, and now depending, from commencing within three months, from the time of making, giving, or pronouncing such verdict or judgment, any suit at law, or in equity for relief against the fame, upon any cause or matter, other than that such enquiry, inquisition, and valuation were held, and such verdict, or judgment

pronounced

201

The thirtj-fecoiid Year of George III.

pronounced under the aforesaid powers granted by the A.D. laid acts. r792-

VI. And be it enacted, That in case any action or suit wlrnsoever, shall be brought or commenced against the aforesaid companies or persons, or any person or persons thing Ami acting under them, or any of them, for or in respect of 2«fsUaa" any enquiry, inquisition, valuation, verdict or judgment, held, made, given, or pronounced in pursuance of the >» 3 maf‘ powers in this act contained, or for or in respect of any matter or thing by them, or any of them, done or executed, by virtue of or in pursuance of this act, or any other of the aforesaid adds passed in this kingdom, relative to inland navigation, or the making canals, such action or suit shall be commenced within three months after the alledged cause of such action or suit shall have commenced, and not afterwards; and the defendant or defendants in Defendant any such action may plead the general issue, and give this general'aruc!' act, and the said other acts, and the special matter in evidence on any trial to be had thereon, and that the fame was done in pursuance of and by authority of this act, or some other of the said herein before mentioned acts, relative to inland navigation, and the making canals.

VII. And be it enacted, That the several acts here- Formcran, tofore passed relative to inland navigation, and the male- "* ing any canal or canals within this kingdom, and all parts as are and every the clauses and powers in the said acts re- altcr‘ spectively contained, except such parts thereof as are

altered by this present act, shall remain, continue, and be in full force, as if this act had never been passed.

VIII. And be it enacted, That this act shall be a public Apuhlick act, and deemed and taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices and others, in all courts and places, without pleading the same.

IX. Provided always, That nothing in this act con- Not to attained, shall be construed to affect the right of Sir ['fayrAyJ"e'r Fitz-Gerald Aylmer, baronet, to any portion of the land ur lls u"‘lcr:

: , , tenants.

through which the grand canal, or any branch thereof, now runs, nor any demands which he or his tenants, or under-tenants have against the company of undertakers of the grand canal, nod any other matter or Vol, XVI. 3 E thing

202

The th'irty-second Year of George III.

thing now in controversy between the said company, and the said Sir Fitz-Gerald Aylmer.

CHAP. XVI.

Jin jffi for regulating the Office of Con ft able, and for letter enforcing the Process of the criminal Law in certain Parts of this Kingdom.

Srewible. WHEREAS It will tend to the better enforcement of the execution of the law, to put the office of constable under proper regulations: and whereas it is thought expedient to make certain alterations and amendments in the fame be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament otilT'1 assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall «cept as an(j may be lawful for the grand jury of every county, cx-cd. marap. ccpt the counties of Wexford, Fermanagh, Carlow, Tyrone, Mes'in'inn*. Donegal, Mayo, Down, Kildare, the King’s County, and the counties of Sligo, Armagh, Monaghan, and Wicklow, at the assizes thereof, to make and appoint any number of constables.not exceeding eight, in any or in every barony or f'u'ofalico" lni!f-'b:lrnny within such county, such constables to be in lieu, itablcsj and in the place of all constables appointed, or to be appointed by such grand juries for baronies, according to the -XT' lavvs now force: provided that nothing contained in this high-couth- ad, shall be construed to annul the office, or lessen the power

bles appointed to collect and authority or such high-constables as are now appointed presentmciHs, |jy |aw-, to raise and collect such sums of money as are presented by the different grand juries on the counties at large, nor to repeal or on the respective baronies, or half-baronies thereof, or to 37G. 3. C. 40. rCpCaj any part of an pnfTcd in the twenty-seventh year of his present Majesty, entitled, An oil fir the letter execu-wr^u"iiV' i'!on of ^!c Peace iihin counties at large; and provided that act operates, the grand juries of such counties wherein the said act ope-

rot to laife c

any other con- rates, shall not have a power of railing any other constables than such as they are empowered to raise by the said act.

ConftahVs

II. And be it enacted, That such constables appointed by preserving ilie this act, shall at all times by aiding and assisting in preserving peace, See. t|]e peace, and executing the law within every such barony

A.D. 1792.

or

The thirty-second Year of George III. 203

or half-barony, or in any other part of such county, and shall obey such lawful directions as they shall from time to time receive from any magistrate within such county; and if any of the aforesaid constables shall neglect or refuse to obey as aforesaid, or shall be guilty of any neglect or violation of duty, he or they shall be liable to be removed by any such grand jury, or shall be liable to such penalty, not exceeding forty shillings, to be levied by distress and sale of the goods of the party, by order of the justices at the quarter sessions of the peace For said county, and such imprisonment in the common gaol, not exceeding one month, as the said justices after examination and proof upon oath, of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or on the con-session of the party shall impose or direct.

III. And be it enacted, That the said constables respectively, shall have all powers, privileges, and authorities, and shall be subject to the fame penalties and regulations, which any constable is by law now subject or entitled to, and shall act as ministerial officers of the peace; and for the better preventing the commission of offences, and the more speedy and certain apprehending of offenders against the peace within such county, and for assisting in the execution of the law therein, and such constables shall be provided with proper arms and accoutrements, the expence thereof, not exceeding forty shillings for each person so appointed a constable once in twelve years, to be raised and levied by such respective grand juries on such respective baronies or half-baronies, for which such constables shall respectively be appointed, as to such grand juries shall seem meet.

IV. And be it enacted, That the grand jury of each county at large, shall and may at each assizes, present any sum not exceeding four pounds, for every such constable in every such barony or half-barony, wherein such constable shall be appointed, the same to be raised and levied out of every such barony or half-barony, in such proportions as the preferments of the county at large are raised on such baronies or half-baronies respectively, such sums so to be presented and raised for such constables, to be paid to them respectively, by the treasurers of said counties respectively.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no sum whatsoever, prefcnled for any such constable, shall be paid to

3 E 2 him,

A.D.

'792-

Chap. 16.

penalty on nettled or violation of duly.

Con liable to have all power?, and subject to fame penalties as constable* now arc

to be provided with arms;

expend of aims, Sec* for each con-liable not to exceed 401. once in 12 years.

4*. may be presented at each affixes

for every coa-

liable.

Constable# to pmducc certificate# a* herein

arms and au-cniitrfimmi to be kepi In £ooil order,

jd, per mile to be paid to conllai>led| and to each proicstant w'io

shall ten b’Ct prlfoiiets for trrafon or felony to gaol.

Not to be pud, tlll’cfs u>pi of m’tti-imis, ami i e* ceipt of gaol* u be pto* duatl;

The thirtj-second Year of George III.

him, unless upon his producing a certificate from the clerk of the peace of such county, that he had at some quarter sessions or adjournment thereof, for such county, since his appointment to such office, duly qualified himself agreeable to an act passed in the second year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, entitled, An act to prevent the further growth of popery-, nor unless it shall appear by the certificate of the justices, who attended the quarter sessions, obtained at least, once in every year, or of three magistrates resident within such barony or half-barony, for which such constable is appointed, or if such magistrates be not resident in such barony or halfbarony, then and in that case, the certificate of such three, magistrates as reside nearest and most contiguous to such barony or half-barony, that such constable duly executed the duty of his office, and behaved properly therein, and unless it shall appear to the grand jury, that the arms and accoutrements of such constable appeared to such magistrates to be in perfect good order, unless satisfactory reason shall be given for their not being so, and the judges of assize re-spectively, may then and not before, discharge the quere on the sum presented for such constable, who shall appear by such certificate to have duly executed his duly, and behaved properly in his office as aforesaid.

VI. And be it enacted, That there shall be paid to every constable, who by virtue of a mittimus under the hand and seal of any justice of the peace, shall carry to and safely lodge in the county gaol, any person or persons charged with any treason or felony, and committed to such constable by such justice, the sum of three pence per mile, for each mile the person or persons so committed shall be carried; and also that the like sum shall be paid to each of such number of protestants armed -with fire arms, as such justices of the peace shall think necessary, for guarding such prisoner or prisoners to the county gaol, and who shall go along with such constable to the county gaol with such prisoner or prisoners, which said sums shall be raised by the grand juries of the respective counties, in the same manner as the county charges are raised.

VII. Provided nevertheless, that no such sum or sums shall be paid by the treasurer of any county, unless such constables cr such protestants so employed in conveying prisoners

The thirty-second Year of George III.

foners to any such gaol as aforesaid, shall produce a copy of the mittimus under which such prisoner or prisoners were committed, and a receipt from tiic gaoler of such county-gaol, acknowledging that such prisoner or prisoners were safely lodged in gaol; and provided that the number of con-ftabies or protestant guards so employed, shall not exceed fix on any occasion.

VIII. And be it enacted, That no person whatsoever, shall be entitled to fill the office of constable under this act, unless he shall have previously obtained a certificate from three magistrates, resident in the fame barony or half-barony, or if none such are resident therein, then of any three magistrates contiguous thereto, that the said person so to be appointed, is in every respect qualified to discharge the duties of the office of constable.

IX. And be it enacted, That no person shall be entitled to fill the office of constable under this act, unless he shall have taken the following oath, before one of the judges of assize, or before the justices of the quarter Fessions.:

number of coulUMci ot

protclhiits

not W> exceed 6.

Certificate ot qualification train 3 ma-gillratw, to he produced before appointment.

7 A.B. do swear, that I mil well and truly serve our coniubld't sovereign lord the King, in the office of constable, in the county "llu of that I will fee and cause his Majesty’s

peace to he kept and preserved, according to the befl of my power, without favour or afeSlion, malice or evil will; that I will to the hejl of my power remove, or cause to be removed.', all nuisances from the public highways, and prevent any ob-JlruEHons or encroachments from being made thereon; and that I will prevent to the best of my power, any bridges, or the battlements thereof, from being injured or prostrated-, and that I will, to the best of my power, enforce all laws enabled for the preservation of highways and bridges, and enforce the penalties prescribed by the fame; and that I will well and truly execute all warrants and precepts to me directed, from the justices of the peace of said county, according. to law, and I will well and truly, according to my power, knowledge and ability, do and execute all other things belonging to the office of a constable, as long as Ishall continue in the said office.

And the said judge of assize, or the justices of the quarter juttSe or'jof-sessions, are hereby required to administer the said oath, and to give a certificate thereof, according to the following form; a,"JPi,c» Vol. XVI. 5 F I or th^ofT

206

The thirty-second Year of George III.

I or we, (as the case may be), do hereby certify that A.B. has taken the oath prescribed by an act, entitled, An act for regulating the office of confable, and for better enforcing the process of the criminal law, to qualify him to fill the office of constable in the barony of and county of

to he deliver- And such constable is hereby required to deliver such certificate to teredliy the* ^,c treasurer the county, who is also required to enter the fame in a book, to be kept among the records of the county, and to produce the fame before the grand jury, at each and every assizes, that they may examine and inspect the same.

X. And be it enacted, That all such cor.stables shall be aiding and assisting in removing- nuisances from the public highways, and in preventing encroachments and obstructions from being made thereon, and in preventing bridges, or the battlements thereof, from being injured or proflrated; and that they shall, to the belt of their power, enforce all laws enacted for the preservation of the public highways and bridges, and enforce the penalties prescribed by the same.

treasurer.

Further duty of con1 (tables.

CHAP.

XVII.

[Preamble.]

An Act for continuing and amending several Laws relating to His Majesty s Revenue, and for more effectually preventing Frauds therein.

W'

WHEREAS the several laws heretofore made to prevent frauds in his Majesty's revenue of customs and excise, have not proved sufficient to answer the purposes thereby intended, by reason of many secret and clandestine practices made use of to evade or elude the fame; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and con-. sent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this prelaw leal ikins sent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That crew" of vef- n0 raw anc* undressed seal skins shall be exempted from duty on the importation thereof into this kingdom* on account of their being taken by the crews of the vessels belonging to, or fitted out from this kingdom, Great Britain, Jersey, Guernsey, or Man, herein. unless the captain or person having the charge or command of the ship or vessel importing such seal skins, do make oath before the collector, or other principal officer at the port of importation, who is hereby required and authorized to administer the same, that the seal skins imported therein, are really and bomfide the skins of seals taken

and

feW not exempted from duty unless

6

The thirty-second Year of George III. 207

and caught by the crew, or by persons employed by the mailer A.D. or owner of such ship or vessel. 1792-

II. And be it enacted, That no raw silk-(hall be exempted from

duty, on account of its being of the growth or culture of America, Matters of unless the mailer, commander, or other person taking charge of jjfe c«uf" any ship or vessel importing raw lilk, do deliver to the collector, or other chief officer of the port of importation, at or before the a! knm, entry of such silk, such certificate, as any mailer, commander, Vuland

or any other person would or ought to have received at the port

where any such raw silk was put on board, in order to entitle him free, to land the fame duty free in this kingdom; and do also make oath, or if a known quaker a solemn affirmation, which oath or affirmation the said collector or other chief officer is hereby empowered and required to administer, that the bales, parcels, and goods contained in such certificates, are the fame which were taken on board, in the said countries respectively, and on failure of performing any of the said requisites, all such raw silk shall be liable to the payment of the duty payable on silk, not being of the growth or product of the British colonies and plantations in America.

III. And be it enacted, Thai if any person shall make, or cause

r /-II 11 make fall®

to be made, any entry or entries of any raw silk, under the name entries 0/raw

or description of raw silk, of the growth or culture of his Ma- clk’

jesty’s colonies or plantations in America, not being of such growth or rain Ame-

or culture; or shall mix, or cause to be mixed, any such raw silk S-raw

with raw silk of the growth or culture of the said colonies or silk’

plantations, in order to evade the duties payable on raw silk of for the growth or culture of countries, other than the aforesaid colo-

nies or plantations; every person so making, or causing to be

made, such entry or entries, or mixing or causing such mixture or mixtures to be made, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, quantity

for every such offence, and also all such raw silk; and in case of ;tsvalue,

any mixture, the quantity so mixed, together with the value there- &c-

of, as also the packages containing the fame, shall be forfeited.

IV. Provided always, That if any doubt shall arise whether such raw silk, or any part thereof, be of the growth or culture on daimer. of the said colonies or plantations in America, the proof shall lie on the owner or claimer thereof, and not on the informer or prol'ecutor.

V. And be it enacted, That where any person shall import Duties o«

crude brimstone or salt petre, and shall make use of the fame Hone, or salt

in extracting therefrom oil of vitriol, or aquafortis, such person

shall be entitled to receive, and the collector of the port or di- trioiora^ua-

~ n n to be

3 F 2 Uriel repaid.

The thlrty-second Year of George III.

ftrlA within which such crude brimstone and salt petrc shall have been imported, shall repay to such person, alL such duties as have been paid by him on the importation thereof, on his making it appear to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the revenue by affidavit, or if a known quaker by affirmation, that such crude brimstone and salt petre, had been used in making vitriol or aquafortis.

VI. And be it enacted, That an allowance after the rate- of ten pounds per centum, shall be made for the weight of every bag or pocket in which hops shall be imported, during the time aforesaid, for the tare of such bag or pocket j and also an allowance at the scale of eight pounds for draft, of every package that shall -contain four hundred and twenty-five pounds weight of tobacco, or more, and two pounds for every such package for nailage, which allowance on tobacco shall not be deducted on exportation.

VII. And be it enacted, That no allowance or abatement shall be made upon any brandy, rum, geneva, or other foreign fplrlts imported into this kingdom, on account of any decrease or supposed decrease of strength or quantity, by reason of the heat of weather, or on account of the space occupied by the measuring rule, or of what is commonly called the wet dip.

VIII. And in order to encourage the refining of sugars in this kingdom; be it enacted, That no bounty shall be allowed and paid upon any sugars, which shall be refined therein, and be exported from thence, unless the same shall be exported in the loaf complete and whole, being net, that is to say, of one uniform whitencfs throughout, and which shall have gone through the operation of two or more clays 'since it was last in the pan, and shall have been properly and thoroughly dried in the stove, according to the present practice of refining, nor upon such refined sugar called bastard, or ground, powdered refined sugar, or refined loaf sugar, broken in pieces, unless the ame shall have been twice clayed, and properly dried in the stove, nor upon any candy, unless properly refined and manufactured, and freed from -dirt and feum.

Lump lmv-

IX. And be it enacted, That if any refined sugars commonly "clay"fmce°' "^d dumps, being in loafs, shall have gone through the operation of three clays at the least, since-they were last-in the pan, and shall be net, and shall have been thoroughly dried in the stove, in the manner herein before directed, though such loaves be exported without the small ends or tips, they shall be deemed complete and whole, within the true intent and meaning of this act, and the I exporter

io per cent, tare, allowed on hops;

Sib. for draft of package of tobacco of 4251b. wt. and zlb. for nailage.

No abatement upon foreign lp{-rits.

No bounty on exportation of refined sugars but in the loaf, as herein;

nor upon refined baftatdj unless as herein.

lad in the pan, &c. entitled to bounty tho* without tips,

The thirty-second Year of George III.

exporter or exporters of the fame, shall receive the drawback or bounty accordingly.

X. And be it enacted, That if the proper officer or officers of the revenue, shall upon view or examination, either before or after Slipping, find any sugar or brandy, which shall be entered for exportation, in order to obtain the bounties or drawbacks thereon, to be less in quantity than expressed in the exporter’s endorsement, or entered under a wrong denomination, or if such sugars shall not be respectively refined in the manner before directed, or if such candy be not properly refined and manufactured, and free from dirt and feum, all such sugars or candy shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the revenue, and sued for, and recovered as herein after directed.

XL. And be it further enacted, That before any drawback or bounty shall be paid for any of the sugars or candy herein before mentioned, being of the manufacture of this kingdom, or any -debentures made out for the fame, the refiner or refiners, not being the exporter or exporters of such sugars or candy, shall make an oath, or if a known quaker, a solemn affirmation, before the collector or -other proper officer -of the port from whence such sugars and candy shall be exported; which oath or affirmation such collector or other officer -is hereby empowered and required to administer, of the following import, that is to say, that :he, she, or they, fold such sugars or candy, expressing the quantity and time when fold, the person or persons intending to export the fame, and that such sugars have respectively gone through the operations herein before expressed, and have been properly and thoroughly dried in the stove; or that such candy has been properly refined or manufactured, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, and that he, she, or they, verily believes or believe such sugars or candy were produced from brown or muscovado sugars, of the growth or product of his Majesty's plantations in America, or the West Indies, and imported from thence or from Great Britain, and that the several duties payable thereon were duly paid, and the exporter or -exporters of -such' sugars or candy, shall then make oath, or -if a known quajeer, a solemn affirmation, before such collector or other proper officer 3s aforesaid, which oath or affirmation such collector or other proper officer-is hereby authorized and directed -to administer, that such sugars or cand-y for which such bounty or drawback is then claimed, are the-identical-sugars or candy or part thereof, which were sold to him or them as aforesaid, by such refiner or refiners.; and before the money due upon such debenture or debentures shall

If sugar or candy be Icfa than quantity entered, or under a wrong denomination, or not reiinrd as directed, forfeited.

No drawback on fu-g«ir or candft until oath made by refiner, not being exporter, as Jtcicuii

import of oath.

Exporters

oath.

2ro The thirty-second Year of George III.

A.D.

be paid, such exporter or exporters shall also make oath, or if a 1792. known quaker, a folmn affirmation, in the manner herein before Chap. 17. that such sugars or candy have been duly exported; and also tlm such the searcher or other proper officer of the port respectively, from duly which such sugars or candy shall be exported, shall certify that the fame have been fairly shipped, and all other requisites duly performed; and whenever the refiner or refiners of such sugars or candy, shall be the exporter or exporters thereof, such exporter or exporters shall then make oath, or if a known quakar, a so-

rd i

officer to certify

when the refiner is the

nath atafure- lemn affirmation, in manner aforesaid, as well of the due expor-

/aid to be made, except as to the fdle.

tation of the fame, as of the several particulars herein before directed, to be sworn or affirmed to, by such exporter or exporters, excepting what relates to the sale of the said sugars or candy, according to the true intent and meaning of this act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That upon the arrival of any ffiip or vessel from any of the British plantations in America, or the West Indies, with sugars on board, at the port of her discharge in this kingdom, the matter or other person taking charge of the ffiip or vessel, shall at the time he makes his report of the cargo, deliver to the collector or other chief officer of the revenue such certificate as is usually given or required to be given by the mailer of such ffiip loading in, and to fail from any of the said colonies to Great Britain, and make oath, or if a known quaker, a foleran affirmation, which oath or affirmation the collector or other chief officer of the revenue is hereby empowered and directed to administer, that the goods so reported, are the fame that are mentioned \n the said certificate, or in default thereof, shall forfeit one

fujar import- hundred pounds; and that all sugar imported without such certi-eertiScate, ficate, shall be deemed to be foreign sugars, and not of the growth, product, or manufacture of the British colonies, and shall pay duty accordingly.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all clayed sugars shall be deemed to be Muscovado sugar, within the meaning of this act, and shall pay duty, and receive drawback as such, and be subject to the like regulations in every respect.

Sugar of its

XIV. Provided always, That if any sugar shall be imported into Jidtlrh pL- this kingdom, as being of the growth, product, or manufacture Mt°induSol an7 Stitt®1 colony or plantation in America or the West Indies, in certificate, -without being included in such certificate, as is herein before di-"j L fu'h."r' rested, and that it shall appear to the satisfaction of the commis-fioiiers of the revenue, that such sugars are really and truly the product, growth, or manufacture of such British plantations er colony, and that no fraud was intended j. it shall and may be 1 -6; lawful

Mailers of vtfTels from British plantations In America, or West Indies, on making report of cargo,to deliver a certificate, and make oath as herein,

or forfeit tool.

to pay as foreign.

Clayed sugar deemed Muscovado sugar.

2 11

The thirty-second Year of George III.

lawful for the said commissioners to permit such sugars to be en» A.D. tered upon payment of the like duties, as the fame would be li- *792-able to, if they were attended with, and included in the certificate L herein before mentioned.

XV. And f®r the better securing the duty upon coffee to be consumed in this kingdom, and to the intent that the fame may not be too burthensome on the importers of such coffee, as shall be exported to parts beyond the seas; be it enacted, That all such coffee Coffee may

1 - c i "e warchouf-

as mail be imported into this kingdom, upon entry thereof at the ej at Jtffre of custom-house, and paying down in ready money net, without any discount or allowance whatsoever, a sum after the rate of three p" C. »t.

r r . , ami fcciiring

millings and six-pence for every one hundred weight thereof, and remainder of securing the remainder of the duty, on the importation thereof^ 0,1

in like manner as the duties on tobacco are required by law to be secured, in cases where, the importer desires to warehouse the fame, shall be forthwith carried or put into the King’s warehouse, in the like manner and under the fame regulations as tobacco may be warehoused, any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding; and the importer or importers thereof shall have power to garble ;mp,rtcr may and separate such coffee in such warehouses, to make it merchant- 6arl),e

parate coffee

able, and the coffee so brought into such warehouse or ware- in stores; houses, shall not be taken or carried out from thence upon any ac- w]ut ^ count whatsoever, other than as is herein mentioned, that is to home con-say, such of the said coffee as shall be sold to be consumed in ^"uken'mw1" this kingdom, shall be delivered out of such warehouse or ware- °J! house6, upon payment of the duty secured thereon) by the importer or importers as aforesaid; and for such of the said ^i"ip,p' coffee as shall be exported within three years after import, the duty of three shillings and six-pence per hundred, so paid upon curiiy can-import, shall be fully drawn back, and the security entered into cdltd' for the payment of the remaining duties, shall be cancelled and made void.

XVI. And be it enacted, That if the importer or importers of such coffee as shall be so lodged in warehouses as aforesaid, wathouse

° may be foil)

shall not, within the space of fifteen months, by payment of the by inch of said duties so secured, or by debentures upon exportation of said dL'

Coffee, discharge his or their obligations, but that the coffee, or any part thereof, shall continue and be still remaining in the said,

Warehouses, for want of payment of any of the duties due thereon, in such case it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners, or principal.officers of the revenue for the time being, at the respective ports, and they are hereby empowered to cause the Slid coffee-so remaining, to be publickly sold by inch of candle;

214 The thlrty-second Year of George III.

A.D.

first giving the importer or importers thereof, fourteen days notice . 1792* ih writing, of such intended Me personally, or by leaving such notice at the place of such importer’s last abode.; the product 14 day* m- thereof, after such sale, first to be applied to the payment of the porter "n" kid security, storage, and all other charges which may have been application of incurred, and the overplus, if any, to be rendered and paid to produce. the importer, or other person lawfully authorized to Jteceivethe fame.

Requifucj

XVII. Provided always, That the exporter shall perform all cd^by ext-" requisites, and give such security as is uiual in cases of draw-ttr- back, for not relanding the same.

Nunc but

XVIII. And be it enacted, That no person shall fell by retail, S'io'coffre or otherwise deal in coffee, except as an importer thereof, and excenh"unless C0Pl fuc*1 persons as shall have been licensed to fell tea or groceries, licensed to fell without having taken out a license from the collector of the di-traor.groce. such person shall reside, and for which license a

fee of two fhiUings, and no more, shall be paid, over and above penalty 50I an7 duty payable thereon; and if any such person shall fell by retail, or otherwise deal in coffee -as aforesaid, without having taken out any such license as aforesaid, he or she shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

Collector

XIX. And be it enacted, That every collector who shall grant tificate to a license to any person to deal in, or fell coffee by retail, or fell

"taileri tea or groceries, shall at the time of granting such license, give

to the person obtaining the fame, a certificate thereof; which certificate shall at every time the person or persons so licensed fhaM S: purchsfc any coffee from any importer of coffee, be produced to rttaifcr"" of ^uc*1 'rnPortcr’ shall endorse on the back of such certificate* the number of packages, and the number of pounds in each package, the place where, and the time when, and the name of the ship in which the fame Was imported, and the time when the duty payable on the import thereof was paid, and the name of the person to whom the same shall be fold, and the time of such sale; and such impbrter, or his known clerk, shall sign such endorsement; and such certificate, with such endorseinent as afore-beprSu'ed Md, shall be produced to the proper officer for granting permits, grandn^per* fjefQre such officer shall grant a permit for such coffee; and such roits, officer shall at the time of granting every such permit, specify in

officer to spe- f"uch endorsement, the date and number of the permit, and the cify as herein; place where the same shall be granted, and sign his name there-the like re- to; and upon every transfer of such coffee, the like requisites emj-'trans" -shall be performed' as are directed upon the first sale by the im-Ut > porter 5 and every such dealer in coffee shall, on every twenty-fifth

1 day

The thirty-second Year of George III. 213

day of March, or within ten days after, return to the cclledlor A.D.

of the district in which he shall rel'ule, such certificate, together x792,

with all endorsements made thereon, or in default thereof, (lull

forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds; and in case the paper certificate,® to

on which such certificate shall be granted, shall before any twenty-

fifth day of March, be filled up by the endorsements herein di-on,or"'"l!in

' , J 10 Jay. after

reefed to be maue thereon, then and in every such case, every every 25 Mar.

such collector shall, upon such dealer as aforesaid, delivering up ffp^, coif.'

to him such certificate, so by him granted, with the said endorse-

J 0 ’ # ^ Ucate be fif‘e.1

ments thereon, grant unto such dealer as aforesaid, a new certili- u,-. befor.- 25

calc, on which such account of all coffee to be thereafter purcliaf- u-^'or'

ed l>y him, until the twenty-fifth day of March following, shall be endorsed as aforesaid; and every such collector shall, upon re- ceoilicatisto

ceiving from every I’uch dealer as aforesaid, any such certificate, colleaon?

with the endorsements thereon, enter the fame in a book, to be a"‘*lranlrm'

' ted to corn-

kept by him for that purpose, and forthwith transmit every such msflumcn;

certificate, with the endorsements thereon, to the commissioners of the revenue; and every such officer who shall grant any such per-

mit as aforesaid, shall forthwith transmit to the collector of the to transmit to

coileauts ol

district to which such coffee mail have been permitted, an account ditlri&s ac-of the quantity of such coffee, and the name of the person to whom the fame was permitted, who shall notify the same to the gauger of the walk in which such perfori shall reside, in order that such gauger, or other officer of excise, may view and examine such coffee, and charge the person to whom such coffee shall have been permitted, with the duty due and payable thereon.

XX. And be it enacted, That all coffee exceeding the weight Ail ci.ir« of two-pounds, which shall be found conveying by land or by conveyTiij-*’ water, from any one part or place in this kingdom, to any other "'about 1

J , J permit, for-

part or place therein, to any person whatever; and all sacks or kited, bags, casks or vessels containing the lame, shall be forfeited and seized by any officer of the revenue, unless a permit then in force, under the hand of a proper officer, for the conveyance of such coffee, shall be produced.

XX:. And be it enacted, That the person or persons to whom o-ianml ’such coffee shall be consigned, by virtue of such permit, shall immediately after the arrival of such coffee to the place to which w uU.tr, the same shall be sent or directed, give notice in writing to the surveyor of excise, or in his absence to the gauger of the walk in which such coffee shall arrive, of the arrival of the fame; which surveyor or gauger is hereby required to repair to the place duty of uffi-where such coffee shall then be, and shall then and there carefully ' ’ examine the fame with such permit, and shall take such permit VtU,. XVI. 3 II from

214

A.D.

n.iilc of id*.- tity of c. ff t; ihcfeup-.iii a

rtailime to ‘be granted;

excise duly

ifThe ihWty-second Year of George III.

from the person having a charge cf such coflee;$ and shall upon 179- oath made by such person, which oath every such ftirveyor or 's her-by autho.’ized to administer, that the coffee men-«atli to lie -ticned-in such permit, was to the heft of his knowledge and belief, the identical coffee then produced to such officer; which officer shall thereupon, without fee or reward, give the owner or person having charge of such coffee, a certificate containing -a true alid particular account of such coftee, which certificate shall be deemed to be cf equal authenticity and effect with the original to be elided permit: and such surveyor or gauger shall charge the person or mnotlil)’ ic- persons to whom such coffee shall have been so conveyed, with nadeb’rfur- the inland or excise duty.payable thereon, and every.month make vqor.&c. return or report in writing to the col left or of the distriift, of all such duty on coffee, as shall have been charged within such month.

-Aii-crJfee

XXII. And be it enacted, That all.coffee- exceeding.two pounds,

cxondnipclb. . ’ o i

nat in poffif- which shall be found in the possession of any person, other than 6o" " an importer of coffee, for which a permit shall not he produced, or in case a permit shall have been granted for such coffee, and such certificate as aforesaid, granted within twenty-four -hours, from the expiration of the time limited by such permit for the conveyance of such coffee, in case.a Sunday, Christmasday, or Good Friday, shall not intervene; or if any of such days 111 ill intervene, then and in calc such certificate as aforesaid, granted within forty-eight hours from the expiration of the time limited by such permit as aforesaid, shall not be.produced, then and in every such. case, all such coffee, with the packages in which the same shall be found, shall be forfeited and seized by any officer of the revenue.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That if any importer of coffee shall fell or deliver any coffee to any person whatsoever, without pro-permit for such coffee, such importer shall be liable to

importer which a permit or ccrfi-ficate, as herein, Oi.it! i lint be pro* ducal, for-i/cited.

'Importer

felling codec Tvithouta per-> mi:, liable to

inland duty^ the said inland or excise duty, for all such coffee which he or

curing a

ry t

and icol.

/lie shall so fell or deliver without such permit, and shall forfeit for every such. offence, the sum of one hundred pounds.

Retaler of

XXIV. And be it enacted, That every retailer and buyer of coffee shall, within ten days after such return 'shall be, or ought

within to to have been made, pay and clear off all such duties as shall be due from him, her, or them respectively, for.and on account of all such coffee as Avail have been sold by him, or permitted to any person within the said month.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any such retailer or buyer ol.coffee, shall omit or reiuf

days after return shall be made.

Retailer* neglecting to ,g.ve lutice,

to give such notice of the arrival of

215

The thirty-Jecoi’.d Year of George III.

any coffee to him or her as aforesaid, or shall omit or refuse to A.D. deliver up such permit as aforesaid, or shall not within the time 179--

herein appointed for that purpose, pay off and discharge all duties so returned as a charge on him, her, or them respectively, he, ihe, drim-mp or they respectively shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds. |mff du-

XXVI. And to the end that the officers of the revenue may j^?re" be the better enabled to keep a regular dock account on all impor- 50b ters of, and other dealers in coffee; be it enacted, That every im- pom'r.'ftc?' porter, retailer of, or dealer.in coffee, who shall have or hold in his, her, or their custody, power or possession, or in the custody timts herein of any other person or persons for his or her use, any quantity ctmnt’ufall of coffee, either of his or her property, or the property of any other person or persons, shall on every twenty-fifth day of March, fun’s custody, twenty-fourth day of June, twenty-ninth day of September, and twenty-fifth day of December, or within ten days after, give and deliver- to- the collector of the district where such person or persons shall relide, a true account in writing, of his or her name, and place or places of abode, and of the true quantity of coffee which such person shall, at the time of giving in such account, have in his or her custody, power, or possession, or in the possession of any other person or persons for his or her ulc; which ^bi/of account shall also set forth the number of packages, and diflin- package*, 4ml guilli the quantity contained in each of them, and the particular a,d «,!c-ware-houses, store-houses, cellars, or other places where the fame l"'"ICS| ic' shall then be.; which account shall be signeJ by such retailer of, account w be

or dealer in coffee as aforesaid, or one of his or her known clerks, ’ ' with his or name, 'and.place-of abode, in which account shall be contained all such flock as aforesaid, as he or she had, on the said ( respective days; and in case any such retailer of, or dealer in coffee neglect sot. as aforesaid, shall p.egledt to give in any such account as aforesaid,

at the respective times, and in such manner and form -as-is herein directed and required, such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty: pounds; and in case any such account ftiafl if account be

appear to be false or fraudulent, all such coflee of which no ac-

'count, or of which a false or fraudulent account shall be given, e<i, and treble and the packages containing the fame, shall he forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer of the revenue, and the person 'Or.persons so offending, shall forfeit treble the value thereof.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That no feller of, or dealer in icdi/^f coffee, shall receive out of any such warehouses as aforesaid, any tu 1,c ,c'

' 7 < ceival out ot

leis quantity of coffee than one hundred pounds weight at any bores, uor one time, and uo.permit shall be granted for the conveyance from Krcoii"1"

the pyu'cc of c lcf» fruin im-porter.

jH

Coffee mt entered or waic limi'cJ, as directed, with all a"cs. &c. for-ftoted.

fliifc, proof to , iic on the owner.

The thirty-second Year of George III.

he importer of coffee to any person of any quantity of coffee, efs than one hundred pounds weight.

XXVIII. And for preventing the clandestine importation of coffee into this kingdom; be it enacted, That if any person shall import or bring any coffee into this kingdom, and shall not make due entry thereof, and pay the duty thereon, or bring the fame into such warehottfe or warehouses in manner as herein directed, the same shall be, and is hereby taken to be unlawfully imported, and such coffee, together with the packages containing the fame, and all horses and carriages carrying and drawing the fame, shall he forfeited, and shall and may he seized by any officer of the revenue.

When ilnul.ts

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if doubt shall arise whether the custom or inland duty, payable for any coffee which shall be seized in pursuance of this act, hath been duly paid, or that the fame or any part thereof hath been condemned as aforesaid, and sold at a custom-house sale, the proof thereof shall lie on the owner or daimer thereof, or the person or ersons on whom the same shall be found, and not on the officer.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any officer of the revenue, at any time by day, to enter into all or any the warehouses, store-houses, rooms, Ihops, cellars, vaults, and other places made use of by any person or persons felling coffee by ivholefale or retail, for keeping or making such coffee, aQd by weighing, gauging, or otherwii'e to take an account of the quantity thereof, which shall at any time be in affiiUnd°k«p *s> ^ler’ or t'le'r custody, in the weighing whereof the owner or juil weights, owners of such coffee, or some person on his, her, or their behalf, shall be aiding and assisting to such officers, and shall keep sufficient just weights and feales to be made use of by such officers for that purpose; and if any coffee-house keeper, or any 'Other person or persons felling or dealing in coffee by ivholefale or retail, shall hinder or refuse permission to such officers, or any of them, to enter into his, her, or their ware-houses, store-houses, rooms, Ihops, cellars, vaults, or other places, or to take such account as aforesaid, or neglect to keep and furnish such officer with sufficient just weights and feales, to be made use of by such officer for the purposes aforesaid, cr shall keep any faife weights or feales, or Hull neglect or refuse to assist such officer in weighing such coffee as aforesaid, or shall hinder orohftrudt any officer in the exe-cuhu rf the powers and authorities given to him by this act,

every

0filers may enter u;mr-hiUiti'S &e. at any time, by dr.v, and take an account of llock;

penalty on hindering . officer;

negletfling to furnish weights, &c.

fr.lfc

V "'dits, Src.

The thirty-second Year of George III. 217

every person offending therein, shall lor every such offence forfeit A.D.

1 the fuin of one hundred pounds. ‘792,

XXXI. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful to

import any coffee into this kingdom, save at the ports where to- No coflVc bacco may by law be warehoused, and if any ftiip or vessel shall cd.^buV v!hcrc be found within the limits of any port, haven, or creek within may this kingdom, having coffee on board in any packages whatsoever, luwfed; or shall be discovered so to have been, save only and in case of (hip8,tc. unavoidable necessity and distress, of which necessity and distress, b«ndwhidn'e the master, purser, or person having or taking charge or com- °^an)r mand of such ship or vessel, shall immediately after the arrival of ha«iuS coffee such ship or vessel in such port, haven, or creek, give notice in ^"pt tu'asf-writing, and make proof before the collector or other chief officer ttc*‘> of the revenue, residerit at the nearest port where such ship or such flops, vessel shall arrive, such ship or vessel, with all her guns, tackle, fofdicd^' furniture, ammunition, and apparel, and also all such coffee shall be forfeited.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That all coffee in any Coffee in package containing less than one hundred and twelve pounds lets than weight, shall be seized and forfeited, if found on board any ship,

vessel, or boat in any port or harbour of this kingdom, or within "!A ras"efc

' 1 O' 0j aQy

four leagues of the shore thereof, or shall be discovered so to have been, although bulk shall not appear to have been broken, or any of such coffee run, or attempted to have been run out of such ship, vessel, or boat, lave only and except in case of unavoidable (. necessity and distress, of which necessity and distress, the mailer, of necciOiy. purser, or person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall immediately after the arrival of such ship or vessel in any bay, harbour, river, or creek, of or belonging to this kingdom, give notice in writing, and make proof before the collector or other chief officer resident at the nearest port where such ship or vessel shall arrive.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That no bounty or premium shall Noboonty be paid upon the exportation of any goods, for which any bounty titm of any or premium is made payable upon the exportation thereof, unless

the master of the ship or vessel, in which the said goods are to luake

17 0 . oath as here-

be exported, shall make oath before the collector or other chief in.

officer of the port where such goods are flapped, that to the bed of his knowledge and belief, the same are not intended to be relanded; and that he will not permit or suffer the said goods, or any part of them, to be relanded in any port, creek, or haven of this kingdom, unless in case of real distress, to save the said goods from perishing.

Vol. XVI. e I

218 The thirty-second Year of George III.

A.D. 1792.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That in case the mailer of such ship or vessel shall permit or suffer such goods to be relanded, un-^aP_17- less in case of real distress, to save the said goods from perishing,

If Inch of-which distress the mailer having the charge of such ship or Sccfb«c'"pt vesselj-out of-which such goods shall be relanded, shall iimnedi-iihdiilitfs ately give notice to, and make proof before the chief officer of

good' fnife it* ,/0 r 1 - n 11 n

id, ami mbit the port-or-place where such goods shall he ununpped, the said tlitrcofby goods shall be-forfeited, and the mailer of the said ship or vessel,

- Haiti rand an(] aif0 the owner of such goods, shall forfeit treble the value

otratr.

thereof.

XXXV. And whereas it frequently happens that seizures are made of exciseable goods imported -into this kingdom, without payment of the duties thereon, and that such goods are refeued from the officers seizing the fame, either at the place of seizure, or before they can lodge such goods in his Majesty's (lores, by means whereof, the person harbouring and concealing such goods,

'lio?fecannot he sued for, treble the value thereof; be it enacted, That ft'lTh whenever any goods shall he seized by any officer of his Majesty's and rtfnu'd. revenue, in the house, or out-house of any person or persons, and tofo.fi.it 100l. t],at t]ie fame shall he refeued, then and in such case the person or persons who harboured or concealed such goods, or in whose house or out-house, offices, or yards, the same shall be found, shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

To (retire

XXXVI. And in order to secure the payment of the tax or

thetax «n J1 ' . c

fabrics, &c* duty, payable on every twenty tlullings of salaries, profits of em-

said tax to ployments, fees, and pensions; be it enacted, That the said tax ourlr fai'.! or duty shall be flopped and deducted out of the rcIpective salaries, &c. by ries, profits of employments, fees, and pensions which shall be £hm°.' P'iy"le liable thereto, by the vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, paymaster or paymasters, and receiver-general of his Majesty's revenue, or :by such person or persons.as is or are to pay the same, and which tax to he Hopped and deduded as aforesaid, by the person or persons who is or are to pay such fabrics, profits of employments, fees, and pensions, shall be by him or them paid to the vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, his or their deputy or deputies, to be to be paid to accounted for to his Majesty; and also that the bid tax to be rer^and^c topped and deducted out of such salaries, profits of employments, counted for to fees and pensions as shall be liable thereto, shall be (lopped by the ns Ma|iil>, re(-pC|rp|vc deputy or deputies, of the person or persons entitled to such salaries, profits of employments, fees, and pensions, and paid by them to the vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, his or their deputy or deputies, to he accounted for to his Majesty, and that such deputy or deputies shall within one calendar month after such

The shirty-second Year of George III. 219

tax shall become due, give in upon oath, an account before the A.D. chief baron, or any of the barons of the court of exchequer, or ! 79--any two justices of the peace, of the net proiit of such employment or employments, for which such deputy or deputies' is, arc. <i.-puti« to or shall be accountable to their principals, which account such witMn i person or persons to whom the fame shall be given upon oath as moMl' aforesaid, shall forthwith send to the vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, his or their deputy or deputies, and such deputy or deputies, of such person or persons so absent as aforesaid, shall within furos r"

1 counted for,

one calendar month after such account given in before the chief to> lw paid baron, or any of the barons of the exchequer, or any two justices moilut aftrr, of the peace as aforesaid, pay the vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, his or their deputy or deputies, the sum due and payable to his Majesty, for and on account of the said tax, and in case such deputy or deputies as aforesaid, shall omit or neclefl. to rive in deputy to for-

1 1 - b feit 500(. for

upon oath such account, or to pay the said tax within the re- nrpica, and spective times herein before for that purpose appointed, such de- l'ir<lu*' puty or deputies neglecting or omitting the fame, shall forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds to his Majesty, to be recovered by action of debt or information in his Majesty's court of exchequer, and shall also be incapable of exercising or holding such deputation, from the time when judgment shall be given against him, on such action or information.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That the secretaries of the com-

miilioners of his Majesty's revenues, and the agent or agents of deliver on the several persons who are entitled to receive any salaries, fees, alifcmccs, on or pensions upon his Majesty's establishment, shall respectively on f

or before the first day of April in every year, deliver in upon every yejr, oath, which oath the said chief baren or any of the barons of used.

his Majesty's court of exchequer, or any two justices of the peace, are hereby required and empowered to administer, to the bell of their knowledge, a list or account of such of the officers of the revenue, and of the persons who are entitled to receive any such salaries, fees, -or pensions, who by reason of their absence from this kingdom, shall be liable to the said tax or duty, and in case such secretary or secretaries, agent or agents, shall refuse or ne-gled to deliver in such lifts respectively, he or they shall be disabled from holding and enjoying the office of secretary or secretaries, or from being agent or agents.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That every person who shall have, -

1 - titled to fah-

or be entitled to receive any salary, profits ot employments, rees, ricp> &c. to

or pension in this kingdom, and who shall leave this kingdom,

shall as often as he or she shall so leave this kingdom, give notice and returning

° ° to the king-

2 in tlom, or be

liable to tax.

220

The thirty-second Year of George III.

A.D.

in writing to the principal officer resident at the port at'which he

1792 or Ihe shall embark, or to the deputy vice-treasurer of this kingdom, of the day on which he or flie intends to leave this kingdom as aforesaid, or shall within the space of three calendar montlis after he or lire shall have left this kingdom, give like notice of the day on which he or she had left the fame, and shall also give like notice in writing of the day of his or her return to this kingdom, and if any fitch person as aforesaid, shall neglect or omit to give such notice as aforesaid, such person shall pay the said tax, as if he or she had been absent from this kingdom for the space of six months.

Notice to

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That such notice shall be received berccioca by the respective officers aforesaid, without fee or reward, and an,i a that such officers shall respectively give a receipt in writing to the

qS.'f K" rcr‘on wk° shall serve such notice, if it shall be desired by such person.

Suet, notice

XL. And be it enacted, That every officer of any port who ilTut-ice l° receive such notice as aforesaid, shall immediately transmit ueafiiicr. the same to the deputy vice-treasurer of this kingdom, who shall keep and preserve the same.

XLI. And for the better collecting of the duties on coaches,

Verona, chariots, berlins, calalhes and chaises: be it enacted, That every lv!.u shall have

carriages person who shall have or keep any coach, chariot, berlin, calalh, to or cluifc with four wheels, or'chaise with two wheels, chargeable

h-r w’wUiiio w‘t*1 to '1!S *1‘s l,(?rs and successors, shall within

14 days, to fourteen days after he or she shall have or keep any such coach,

"" chariot, berlin, calalh, or chaise with four wheels, or chaise with

to examinator tvv0 wheels, by writing under his or .'her hand, certify to the col-

of licarth- ' , ° . '

aoircy, lector of excise, in the district wherein he or she shall reside, a

true account of every such coach, chariot, berlin, calalh, and

chaise with four wheels, and chaise with two wheels, which he or

{he shall have or keep, with the name of the place and parish of his

or her residence or abode, at the time of giving such certificate,

and shall likewise within the time aforesaid, certify to the exami-

uator of hearth-money in Dublin, the like particulars, which he or

Ihe is hereby required to certify to such collector, and likewise

mention in such certificate to the examinator of hearthmoney, the

name and-dillrift of the collector to whom he or she hath so cer-

collectors to tilled; and the several collectors of such districts for the time be-

t-Vccri'iikatcs h'g, shall respectively keep the certificate which shall be so given

?.s liocm j tQ theivi) am} flVa!l ail0 cntCT or register the fame in an aiphabe-

tical book, to be by them Tefpcdtively kept for that purpose; and

n copy of such entry signed by such collector, or his clerk, shall be

The thirty-second Year of George III. 221

be delivered, if required, without fee or reward, to the person A.D. delivering such certificate, and a number shall be entered on every 17^’’ certificate so registered; and the examinator of hearth-money, shall on demand, without fee or reward, give an acknowledgment of <u-tmder his hand, to every person who shall certify any carriage or piveVfoiLut carriages to him, that such carriage or carriages hath, or have been certified, which certificate shall be evidence of such carriage or carriages having been certified as aforesaid; and the said c*X- ,u.y,',i;:CCr aminator shall, once in every three months, transmit to each collector, a list of all persons residing in such collector’s (liftriel, who rcyiil.y:

shall have certified their carriages to him, within the said three t> intmit a months; which lift shall he preferred by such collectors, and every 1,1

) i j j torcveiys

person who shall have paid the duties on such carriages, may resort ni>’nii»t to such lift, and the same shall be evidence on any information on i,y this act, that such person hath duly certified his or her carriage

to the said examinator; and such collectors respectively shall under dent? on in-their hands, on or before every twenty-fifth day of March, give a true lift of all coaches, chariots, herlins, calaihes, and cliail'es tiits oV. with four wheels, and chaises with two wheels, from time to f,rlilBrt ns

’ 5 herein, cm or

time returned to them respectively, in such certificates, with fotore every the names of the persons and places of their abode rel'pec- ,2J, IC,^, S tively mentioned in such certificates, to the persons who for po.",!"1,e' the time being, shall be appointed by the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue of customs and excise, or any three of them, to collect and receive the said duties, and that such persons as shall be appointed by the salt! commissioners, or any three of them, to collect and receive the said duties on coaches, chariots, berlins, calaihes, and chaises with four wheels, and chaifcs with two wheels, shall have full power and authority to levy, collect, and receive the same, within the district wherein such certificate shall be entered, in the same manner as his Majesty's revenue arising from fire-liearths is now by law levied, collected and received; and shall respectively sign and deliver acquittances without fee or rew/rd for the fame; and shall keep duplicates thereof in a book, wUi-mi. so; to be kept for that purpose, in the same manner as acquittances are given and kept, for the duty of fire-hearths; and shall re- . spectively return the book containing the duplicates of such acquit- boo!t'(COil. tances, to such person and persons at the same time, and to he dif- laining du-posed of in the same manner, as books containing the duplicates of ac- u'fpofoi !r :« quittances for the said duty of (ire-hearths are returned, and that the duties aforesaid, shall be paid in the respective districts wherein nn fire-such carriages shall be so entered or registered respcCuvely, and in no other.

K

222

The thirty-second Year of George III.

A.D.

XLII. And be it enacted, That every coach-maker, or other 1792* person making carriages for sale in this kingdom, shall, within ten days after lie or the shall fell and deliver any coach, chariot, berlin, Coach- calash, or chaifc with four wheels, or chaise with two wheels, certif^ai^car- certify to the collector of excise in the district where such coach-hmhima^er shall reside, the kind of carriage he or she hath so fold, and whether with four or two wheels, and the name of the person to whom he or she has fold the fame, together with the place of personskeep residence of such person; and that if any person or persons shall nut certified* have or keep any coach, chariot, berlin, calash, or chaise with four wheels, or chaise with two wheels, chargeable with the said duties, or any of them, which shall not he certified by him or them in manner as aforesaid, that then and in such case, every such person and persons so having or keeping such coach, chariot, berlin, calash, or chaise with four wheels, or chaise with two wheels, nnkeiwic- not certified as aforesaid; or if any coach-maker, or person mak-pl'fccrifi "lnS carriages for sale, shall omit to give such certificate as afore-cates, forfeit said, every such person or persons, coach-maker, or other person making carriages for sale, litall for every such neglect, forfeit respectively the sum of twenty pounds; which penalties respectively tn l« recover- may be recovered by information in the excise office of the dif-

cd by mfor- J

mation. tridl of Dublin, or of the district in which such person shall

dwell, at the option of the informer, or person prosecuting such information.

Not to affect

LXIII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall haveaTready subject: any person to any penalty for not certifying his or her certified. carriage or carriages, in pursuance of this iftft, who hath already certified such carriage or carriages in pursuance of any former act, requiring such carriages to be registered in manner herein prescribed.

Persons fijv-

XLIV. Provided nevertheless, That every person having in K"?l" h*s» hcri or their keeping or possession, any coach, chariot, ber-abic 10 fume ]jn calash, or chaise with four wheels, or chaise with two wheels,

duty as own-

ns would In. belonging to another, and chargeable with duty, shall he charged for every inch coach, chariot, berlin, calash, or chaise with four wheels, or chaise with two wheels,’with the duty payable for the fame, in the same manner as the owner or proprietor thereof is or ought to be charged or chargeable for the same.

Pc-tonsfub-

XLV. And be it enacted, That if any person, subject to any

to^nywitlmi duty to his Majesty in respect of any coach, chariot, berlin, ca-i month after Ia(li, or chaise, in his or her possession, shall not within one

notice, as

herein; month alter notice in writing, in the name of the officer cm-powered to collect such duties, being given to such person, or

left

6

'The thlrty-second Y'mr of George III. 223

left at the usual place of abode of fuclt person, with his wife, A.D.

or with his or her child or servant, above the age of sixteen ’792-

years, requiring him or her to pay such duty, pay the same to J__________

such officer, every such person for every such neglect, shall forfeit pontdiy f"r

twenty pounds; provided that at least seven days before the time

such notice shall have been so given or left, such officer ffiail 10

- 0 . (IcmiiMiiol 7

have demanded such duties from the person subject to pay the days ivf

fame, or from his wife, or his or her child or servant, above lucl‘ L"

the age of sixteen years, at the place of abode of the person subject

to pay the same.

XLVI. Provided always, That no person who shall keep and Yit ra-certify to the collector of excise, an J examinator of hearth-money, '.'ft ""y-.

t /. &c. not clhif

in manner aforesaid, any coach, chariot, berlin, calafli, or chaise geaWcu-ih with four wheels, shall he charged with the duty payable to his Majesty, upon chaises with two wheels, nor shall any such person d‘:lif';s- . be obliged to make any entry of any chaise with two wheels.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That 110 carriage whatsoever, whe- N» wl>.b-ther with four wheels, or with two wheels, shall be deemed a tm’pt-jj from cabriolet, or garden chair, or be exempted from any duty as such, in case the same shall be ulfed by any person not paying duty for duty f»n one or more carriage or carriages with four wheels, or in case arria;c; the same shall be used upon any public or high road, at the dif- or ;f ,f ,| n, tance of more than three miles from the house or demesne of the llC[C'n: person to whom the same shall belong, unless for the purpose of fending such carriage home to the proprietor thereof, when it shall mdefs as h«e-Iiave been (irft purchased, or for the purpose of fending the fame ln! to be repaired, or returning from being repaired; and that no carriage be deemed a cabriolet, or garden chair, within the meaning of this act, if any of the wheels thereof shall be of a diame- "'lYt ter exceeding four feet, any thing herein before contained to the l!i:l'":!cl-contrary notwithstanding.

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That every person who shall keep , '‘V3

' 1 1 Keeping .-ar*

any hackney coach, or hackney chaise, or any coach or chaise for napes for

hire, except within the city of Dublin, and the liberties thereof, inVuidui' 10

shall take out a license to keep the fame, from the collector of the ®

district in which such person shall reside, for which lie or (lie shall

pay a fee of one shilling and no more; and if any person shall keep "C

any such coach or chaise without having taken out such license S^iYake

as aforesaid, he or (lie shall he subject to the duties payable on

’ J . lunjcdt lu

coaches and chaises not kept for hire, notwithstanding such coaches duty, or chaises may have been used for hire.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That every person hereby required i’«r.|n«i;-

’ 1 1 1 1 censed shall

to take out a license as aforesaid, shall have or cause to be painted

3 K 2 on

p.iinted, as herein, over their doors,

penalty ioi.

Haulers r.nd pedlars 10 deliver a note, as line in, to Colfcc-tors, before they hawk, &c.

224 The thirty-second Year of George III.

A.D.

on a board with letters visible and legible, at lead an inch long, 1792- in white upon a black ground, or in black upon a white ground, ^aPy l7- his, her, or their name and surname respectively, at full length, lave t><a,ds Liceufed to keep Coaches and Chaifcs for Hire, which board shall be affixed on l’oine conspicuous place on the outside of the front of his, her, or their house respectively, not more than three feet distant from the top of the Ihop door, or street door of such house j and such person or persons respectively, shall preserve and keep up the lame, during the lime he or flic shall respectively continue to keep inch carriage or carriages as aforesaid, or in de-said t thereof, shall forfeit respectively the Ann of ten pounds.

L. And for the better collecting of the duties on liconfes to hawkers, pedlars, petty-chapmen, and other trading persons; be it enacted, That every such person before be or the shall Ivtu k, trade, or travel with any goods, wares, or merchandiyis, it :e-spett whereof he or she shall be subject to the duties payable by hawkers, pedlars, petty-chapmcn, or other trading perfor.s, who are or shall he deemed hawkers or pedlars, shall deliver to the collector of excise of the didricl where he or she shall relidc or dwell, a note in writing under his or her hand, or under the hand of some person by him or her authorised in that behalf, how, or in what manner he or she intend to hawk, travel and trade, whether on foot, or with one or more horse or horses, afs or asses, mule or mules, or other bead or heads of burthen; and thereupon, and upon receipt of the duty or duties upon such li-confes may tm cense or licenses, a license or Iicenfes shall he granted by such granted, coile(ft0r under his hand, unto him or her for his or her so hawking, travelling, and trading, and every such collector is hereby required to insert in such licenses, as shall be granted by him, or endorse thereon the ages, places of abode, and particular description of the persons to whom the same shall be granted, and to number each license, and keep particular entries of such deferiprions and licenses, for each of which licenses there shall be taken by fijeh collectors for their own use, the sum of one shilling and no more, over and above the duty payable thereon, unless such hawker, pedlar, or petty chapman, shall travel with horse, or other head of burthen, and in that case there shall be paid to such collectors for their own life for each of such licenses, for a horse or other bead of burthen, the sum of two shillings and no more, over and above the duties payable thereon.

LI. And be it enacted, That all goods, wares and merchandizes, which shall be carried, fold, or exposed to sale, by any hawker, pedlar, or petty-chapman, or other trading person, in respect

whereof,

upon receipt of note ami duties* )i

what collcc' tots are to insert in licenses*

is fee;

fur ea.cli license for a liotfe, cVe

The thirty-second Year of George III. 225

whereof, or of any of them, he or ffie shall be subject to any A.D. duty payable to his Majesty, and for felling of which goods, 179--wares and merchandizes, lie, flie, or they shall not have his, her, or their license for so trading as aforesaid, ready to produce, or G->nds lm*fc-shall not upon demand of any justice of the peace, or any officer 1, , Wy, of his Majesty's revenue, produce such license, shall be forfeited, tcnfe'lir"* and shall and may be seized by any such officer; and that if any »' pr>"Wli such hawker, pedlar, petty-chapman, or other person, be found trading in trading as aforesaid, or felling or exposing to sale, or carrying to !iy

fell any goods, wares, or merchandizes without, or contrary to, for'

or not warranted by such license or licenses, such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five pounds; and that penalty for if any such person so trading, upon demand made by any reve-tme officer, or by any justice of the peace, mayor, constable, or other officer of the peace, of any county, city, town-corporate, or borough, where he or flic shall not produce, and {hew immediately unto such person or persons as aforesaid, so demanding the fame, his or her license or licenses for so trading, that then every such person upon conviction thereof, upon oath before any of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county or place in which such offence shall be committed, shall forfeit the sum of levied by difforty shillings, to be levied by distress and sale of the offender’s pau',o in-goods, by warrant tinder the hand and seal of any such justice forn>';ri of the peace, the same to be paid to the informer; and for non- hr nm p-iy-payment thereof, such offender shall be committed to the common jra'" gaol, or house of correction, for any time not exceeding three weeks, nor less than ten days.

LII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this act, or any Notion-thing herein contained, shall not extend to prohibit any person j,g people, or persons, other than and except travelling tinkers, who are workers, manufacturers, or makers of any goods or wares within l"<k-

r feribed;

tins kingdom, or lus or llicir wife or wives, apprentice or apprentices, from carrying abroad, exposing to file, and felling any such goods or wares made or manufactured by him or them, his or their wife or wives, apprentice or apprentices, journeyman or journeymen, and no other, in any public fairs, markets, or elsewhere; or any cooper, glazier, plumber, or harness-maker, from going about, in order to exercise their proper trades, or from carrying with him or them necessary materials for exercising the fime, so as such person or persons shall not at the same time carry any other thing for sale; nor to subject any person or persons who nor to person; shall carry raw, manufactured, or unmanufactured wool, woollen ^0r’J,n(fr or worsted goods, from one part of the kingdom tp another, or

L

expose

ond other articles itetem samedt

tyirtR pa's or griddles of call iron, to pay no more than 40s. 111 the whole.

The thirty-second Year of George III.

expose the same to sale in any fair, market, or other place in this kingdom, to any of the duties or penalties herein before mentioned, so as such person or persons shall not at the same time carry or expose to sale any other goods, wares, or merchandizes, except the last mentioned goods respectively, nor to prohibit or restrain felling flw°nS any person or persons from idling or exposing to sale in any place or places whatsoever, any flax, tow, hemp, flaxen-yarn, hempen-yarn, ticken, plain, striped, chequered, painted or flamed linens, buckram, canvas, cottons, or cotton and linen mixed, so as such wool, woollen, or worsted goods, flax, tow, hemp, yarn, lickens, linen, buckram, canvas, cottons, or cotton and linen mixed, be of the growth or manufacture of Ireland; and that such person f as all f h Cr P^0115 iha'd not at the same time carry or expose to sale any goods are other goods, wares or merchandizes, except such flax, tow, hemp, miicr exposed yarn,’ tickens, linens, buckrams, canvas, cottons, or cotton and to fate. linen mixed as aforesaid.

1’crfons car-

LIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no person who shall carry any pots or griddles, made of call iron or metal, from one part of the kingdom to another, to expose the same to sale in any fair, market, or other place in this kingdom, shall be subject to the payment of any greater duty than the sum of forty shillings in the whole, though such person or persons shall or may travel with one or more horse or horses, or other beast or beasts of burthen, so as such person or persons shall not at the same time carry or expose to sale other goods, wares, or merchandizes, except such pots and griddles.

LIV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That this act, or any give, by this tiling herein contained, shall not extend or be condrued to extend sing bawkers, to give any power for licensing any hawker, pedlar, or petty chap-thMiasbJore man» *° or expd*h to sale, any wares, or merchandizes, in any city, borough, town-corporate, or market town within this realm, otherwise than he or she might have done before the making of this act, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LV. And be it enacted, That if any question shall arise whether any goods, wares, ot merchandizes, seized by virtue of this act, are of the growth or manufacture of this kingdom, the pioof that they were of such growth or manufacture, shall lie on the owner or claimer of such goods, and not on the officer who shall seize the same.

LVl. And be it enacted, That all persons who shall convey and carry goods, wares, and merchandizes, in respect whereof they shall be chargeable with the duty on hawkers and pedlars, and fell, x and

No power

Proof of prowili or manufacture to lie 011 ihc owners.

AH j»er-fous tailing pomfe dithgc-sble with

The thirty-fecor.d Year of George III. 227

ami expose the fame in (hops, rooms, tvarehouses, or other A.D. places in cities, towns, a«ul places where they are not usually re- 1792-

jident; anil all perl'ons who carry and convey such goods, wares, and mercandizes to public streets and places in cities, towns cor- dntyoniuir-porate, and other places in tills kingdom, where they respectively ^whtre reside, but not adjoining to their ckveliing-houses or other,l'"’"ot

jo o' ictiJe.

apartments, and fell and expose the same to sale, upon flails, ami all !t»-

stands, {beds, booths, bulks, or other places, without liceufe; and or

all persons under the denomination of leather-lellers or leather- y*p*>re m file

in boutlu, &c.

cutters, tvho hawk about from town to town, or sell or expose to sale in cities or towns-corporate, and in fairs, markets, or other places, large or small parcels of leather in booths, flails, Handings, or otherwise; and all persons who shall within this kingdom, except in the city of Dublin, or within five miles thereof, hawk nil who

about old clothes, or fell, or expose to sale old clothes in any flail, cIdiIi«,«-flied, booth, shop, or other place, shall be deemed hawkers, ped-lars, petty-chapmen, and trading persons, and be subject to the "fnjfcuyof' duty payable by hawkers and pedlars, and shall pay such duty, and take out such license as aforesaid; and every such person as afore- fcall

laid, who shall fell, or expose to sale, or deal in as aforesaid, such duty, &c.

goods, wares, or merchandizes as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be a hawker, pedlar, or petty-chapman, within the meaning of this act, to all intents and purposes, and shall be subject and liable to all and every the penalties and forfeitures by the fame in- ic.

Aided upon hawkers, pedlars, petty-chapmen, and others trading without license, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVII. And be it enacted, That every hawker, pedlar, and Afr|wra>« petty-chapman, for every person who shall be employed, whe- J^Vst for ther servant or other person, in his or her company, or otherwise, to carry any boxes, bundles, or parcels of goods, wares, or merchandizes, separate, and distinct, for the purposes of felling or trading with the fame, shall take out and pay for as aforesaid, a separate and distinct foot license for every inch person; and also that every hawker, pedlar, and petty chapman, for and for every every horse, afs, mule, or other bead of burthen that he or file shall make use of, or drive in his or her company, or otherwise, shall take out and pay for a separate and distinct horse-license;

and such separate and distinct person, whether servant or other i'frfo"‘ -1 ployed, and

person, employed or carrying such boxes, bundles, or parcels as hawkers, &c.

aforesaid; and such hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, who fa"?°Ut

shall not take out a horse-license for every horse or bead of burthen d'ryOcJ, sub-

J Jt-a to all pc-

which he or she shall make use of, or drive as aforesaid, shall be nalti«, &c.

3 L 2 subject

22,8 The /hirij-feccncl Year of George III.

A.D.

subject and liable to all and every the penalties and ferfeitures by 1792. this act inflicted upon hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, and others trading without Kcenfe5 it being the true intent and mean-f.,r 1 foot- ing of this act, that for one foot-license no more goods, wares,

raorf'than or merchandize ftia.ll by virtue of this act, be hawked about for

1 C. m to ht|e as aforesaid, than one hundred weight; and for one horse-

lie carnal, n ti i i*

and for t license no more goods, wares, or merchandizes shall by virtue of j this act, be carried about as aforesaid, than eight hundred weight,

any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. iVftlfhe J--VIII. And be it enacted, That if any such license as aforesaid, void, and shall be lent to any person, or used by any person other than the per-W'SfUt" fnii to whom the same shall be granted, such license from thenceforth shall be void, and of no effect; and all goods, wares, and merchandizes found in the possession of the person using the fame, shall be forfeited.

por the bet-

LIX. And for the better collecting of the duties on licenses to dMin'lra U-S persons felling or manufacturing paper hangings for sale, persons c,rn u, Ptr- felling tea or groceries, persons felling or making gold or silver dcfciibidj plate for sale, persons keeping a tan yard or-tan pit, or tanning leather for sale, iaftors or persons, not being distillers or licensed as retailers, felling home-made spirits, and persons keeping cbffee-Colliflors houses; lie it cmfted, That the several collectors in this kingdom cX'iU respectively, shall upon receipt of the duty payable upon any Vav' noda inch license, grant such license under their respective hands, for

f.c'ot is. in each of which licenses there shall he taken by such collectors for their oivn life, a fee after the rate of one shilling in the pound, of the duty payable on such license, and no more, over and above the duty payable thereon.

Penalty on

LX. And be it enacted, That every such person as aforesaid, shall take out such respective licenses, before lie, Ihe, or they shall inu-io rdc be- -respectively manufacture, fell, or keep for sale as aforesaid, any of tikcuout 20I the aforesaid-respective articles or tilings, and if any person shall make, fell, or keep for lale as aforesaid, or expose to sale any of the said respective articles and things, without having taken out such license respectively as aforesaid, every such person shall for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

-t liccnlc

LXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That persons in pars-

loriboufsi ller£]1jp> and carrying on trade-or business in one house or shop Pccnfe not of on'>'i AiaA not he obliged to take out more than one license, and n.rcf, but iii that no one license which shall be granted by virtue of this act, f.yibcil'tltre- shall authorize and empower any person or persons to -whom the " fame shall be granted, to make, or manufacture, or fell, or keep

for sale as aforesaid, any of the articles or things herein before

mentioned,

The thirty-second Year of George III. 229 \

mentioned, in any other house or plr.ee than the house cr place A.D. wherein he, she, or they respectively did make, or manuladtlire, 179"1 or fell, or keep the said respective articles or things, at the time Chap. IJ. of granting fitch license, to be mentioned in such license.

LXII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may he lawful for LkcniWor

riling cyder

tile collectors of his Majesty's excise in their respective diltl'ldts, may la sunt-

to issue and grant licenses for the felling and tapping out of cyder

by retail, upon receipt of the duty payable thereon, and that ls- *"

for every such license to be granted, the sum of one shilling penalty for

and one penny, and no more, shall be paid or demanded as a

fee for the fame, over and above the duty payable thereon; and 51,

if any person shall fell or tap out cyder by retail, without such

license as aforesaid, every iiich person so offending, shall for every time he or (lie tliall so offend, forfeit and pay the sum of live

pounds.

LXIII. And be it enacted, That every person hereby required to f'f'1 take out a license to manufacture, make, fell, or retail any of the have boards articles, matters, or things aforesaid, shall have or cattle to be SSj'^niS . painted on a board, with letters publickly visible and legible, at lu:tcl"> least an inch long, in white upon a black ground, or in black upon a white ground, his, her, or their name and sirname respectively, at full length, as also the names of the several articles which they shall be so licensed to manufacture, fell, or retail respectively, and that he, she, or they are licensed respectively to manufacturee, fell, or retail the fame, which board shall be affixed on some conspicuous place on the outside of the front of his, her, or their house respectively, not more than three feet distant from the top of the (hop door, cr street door of such house; and such person or persons rel’pedlively, shall preserve and thefametobc keep up the fame during the time he, she, or they shall respect kipl up’ tively continue to make or fell such articles, or any of them as pcns|ty ,0;. aforesaid, or in default thereof, shall forfeit respectively the sum of ten pounds.

LXIV. And be it enacted, That the several and respective Duties to rates and duties, payable by the several and respective persons by officers of who are hereby required to take out license as aforesaid, shall be cxeifei collected by the several collectors, and other officers of excise employed for that purpose, and such officers may at any time, .(!j

with the assistance of a constable, in the day time, levy such sum the affiiknce or sums as ought to be paid by the several and respective per- of8 constable, fons subject to such licenses respectively, by distress and sale of the parties goods, in such manner, and by such ways as the re- is aP" venue arising by hearth-money is appointed to be levied and col- ^&isgfa,

Vol. XVI. 3 M ledted,

23°

A.D. 1792. Chap. 17.

Penalty on forcing, ur caufint: to be forged or coimietfcited, any license joi.

to lie recovered by action, See.

and fubied to p (Ins, See. fur forgery.

Commissioners may c.iufc books to be provided containing printed forms of notices of rvetting corn, to be made into malt;

wbnt notice shall fa forth;

dtip'ieales on each leaf;

blanks to be Titled up by niaUlicr every time of notice, as herein i

after signing, outcrmoll notice to be de-' liveted tooili-cer;

notice and

duplicate

numbered,

maltster.% &c, making com &c. into malt, otlieiwifcthan as hcrciu,subject to penalties for wet* ting without notice.

5The ilnrty-fscoHcl Year of George III.

lested, m and by an act made in the seventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty Charles the second, entitled, An additional all for the better ordering and collecting the revenue arising by hearth-money,

LXV. And be it enacted, That if any person shall forge or counterfeit, or cause to forged or counterfeited, any license for any of the purposes aforesaid, or produce as a true license any such forged or counterfeited license, knowing the same to be-forged-or counterfeited, such person shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, one moiety thereof to his Majesty, and the other moiety to him who shall prosecute or sue for the same, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Dublin, in which no essoign, protection,-or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed, and that' such person shall be subject to such other pains and penalties as may lie infiifted on persons for forgery.

LXVI. And in order that-the giving of notice-of wetting corn or grain to be made into malt, may be conducted with regularity; be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the chief commissioners of his Majesty's excise, to cause books to be provided, containing printed forms of notices to be given of wetting corn or grain to be made into malt, and such notice shall set forth the-number of busheis of corn or grain intended to be wetted, and the particular hour or time of the day when the fame is to be welted, on each leaf of which book lwo forms of such notice, duplicates of each other shall be printed, and every maltster or maker of malt, who shall he furnished by any revenue officer-with any such hook, shall every time he or she shall intend to give notice of -wetting such corn or grain, insert in the blanks in such form of notice, and in the duplicate thereof, such-words as the form of such notice 'shall require to render the fame perfect, and after signing the fame, shall cut off the outermost notice, and cause the same to be delivered to the officer, to whom the notice of -wetting such corn or grain is to he given, and preserve the innermost notice or duplicate in the said book, and every such notice and duplicate thereof, shall be numbered in arithmetical progression, beginning with number one; and if any corn or -grain making into malt, shall be found in any malt-house, or in any vessel or utensil therein, the notice of the wetting of which shall not have been cut out of the said hook, and served on the officer of excise, or if the same shall be cut cut of the said book, and so served, and a duplicate thereof shall not be kept in the said book, or if the duplicate thereof-in the said book, shall not correspond with the .1 notice

The thirty-second Year of George III. 231

nolice cut out of the fame, then and in any of such cases, such corn A.D. or grain shall he deemed to be corn or grain making into malt, wetted without notice, and the malfter or maker of malt, in whole malt-house the same shall be found, shall he subject to the penalty to which ma'itfters or makers of malt, wetting corn or grain to be made into malt without notice are liable.

LXVII. And be it enacted, That every such maltster or maker llooltof of malt, shall conftamly keep such book of notices in his, her, ^1’'. or their malt-house for the examination of every officer of excise, l,l,ul'! and if on demand of any officer of excise at the malt-house of

J , penalty on such maltster or maker of malt, the said book shall not be pro- not producing

duced to such officer, or if such officer shall not be permitted, or shall be prevented by any person to inspect and examine the llltr"'®‘

fame, such maltller or maker of malt, shall for every such offence

forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

LXVIII. And be it enacted, That every maltster or maker of Eo >lis n.f

7t J notice* tone

malt, who shall be furnished with such book of printed notices as delivered to aforesaid, shall [on every twenty-fifth day of March, twenty- Quarterly, m fourth day of June, twenty-ninth day of September, and twenty- p fifth day of December, or within ten days after any of the said A. 33 G. 3. days,] deliver to the collector of the district in which his or her 11 malt-house shall be situated. the said book with all the forms of with all forms notices therein, and also the duplicates of all such notices as shall lnd dujdi-' have been cut from the said book and served as aforesaid, or in default thereof, shall for every neglect forfeit the sum of ten ’""'T,0'-pounds.

LXIX. And whereas every maltster or maker of malt for sale, is by law required to keep polled or put up in his malt-house, papers called specimen papers; be it enacted, That every such maltster or maker of malt, shall cause such Ipecimen papers so re- polled up, quired to be polled -or put up, to be fixed on boards conveniently made for that purpose, and to cause such specimen papers so fixed, to be hung, polled, or put up in his or her malt-house in the same manner, and for the fame purposes as such specimen papers were heretofore required to be polled or put up, and if any such maltster or maker of malt, shall not cause such specimen papers to be fixed on boards in manner aforesaid, or shall not keep the fame so fix- penalty tol.

«d or put up as aforesaid, he or she shall for every such offence

forfeit the sum of ten pounds.

LXX. And be it enacted, That every maltster or maker of malt, Date of no-shall before he or she shall serve any notice of his or her inten- wcl[;,6> and tion to wet any corn or grain to be made into malt, Insert in writing in the said Ipecimen paper, the date of the said notice, specimen pa-

*« '1 per before

3 M 2 and n0ticefct«d.

232 The thirty-second Year of George III.

A.D.

and the particular time mentioned therein, for the wetting of the 1792. corn or grain, together with the quantity thereof to be wetted, or in default thereof, the corn or grain of the notice of wetting of which such entry as aforesaid, shall not be inferred in the said In default, specimen paper, shall be deemed corn or grain wetted to be made into malt without notice, and the raaltfter or maker of malt, in

nalty l<«r wu- 7

imp wiihou whole malt-house the same shall be found, shall be subject to the notice. fame penalty, as any maltster wetting corn to be made into malt without notice is subject to.

LXXI. And whereas various frauds have been committed in ricrsl'r-.uiis, the making of malt, for the purpose of evading the duty payable Mite"1'5 thereon; be it enacted, That every maker of malt for sale, and dimemI every every common brewer, and every distiller making malt, shall wconi^Src. every lime he or flic shall wet any corn or grain, [except peas oTbcanTto or ^cans>l to l)c made into malt, be charged with duly for not lie made imo Icfs tiiaii at the rate of sixteen bushels, for every twenty bushels Altered i>y of corn which the uting-vat, cistern, or other vessel in which such oniiitniu Uie corn qla|| ])e Wettcl] i,c capable of containing: and for an

word? t c. 7 r 0 f

tween bir.c- much more as [the quantity of dry corn which] shall be put into 33 G. 3.37. such uting-vat, cistern, or other vessel [shall amount to, when ’I' the same shall exceed the rate of sixteen bushels, for every such

twenty bushels, so that such quantity be.not less than the quantity which shall appear by such notice of wetting as aforesaid, to be

Intended to be ivctted.]

Malt Hers I, XXII. [Provided always, That any such maltster or maker of

nialt, ma7 once *n every three months, ending the twenty-fifth pfr'oam'-1 a ‘*ay °- March) twenty-fourth day of June, twenty-ninth day of of cum than September, and twenty-fifth day of December, wet such less quan-of TfiVwlo tity of corn than after the rate of sixteen bushels, for every such R 3 twent)r bushels as he or she may think proper, and shall be 37.27. chargeable with duty for the fame, in manner as heretofore

used.J

If com lie L

XXIII. Provided also, if such corn shall not continue covered wMi'roter* with water in the cistern, uting-vat, or other vessel, for the lic full space of forty hours, before the water shall be drawn from charged with the fame, every such person making malt shall be charged with much as vat duty for such quantity of corn as such uting-vat, cistern, or other can comma. TCf|'cl shall be capable of containing.

Mahtters may T.XXIV. Provided always, That such maltster shall once a

once a month 4 r J

or once hi month, or once in every hve times , in which he shall wet com to uu gMngno- be made into malt, upon giving notice to the gauger of the walk,

tice a* herein, anj also to the surveyor of the survey in which his malt-house is

wet less than J

4-jthsof situated, of the particular quantity which-he means to wet, be at

liberty

The thirty-second Year of George III.

233

liberty to wet a quantity less than four-fifths of the contents of A.D.

his cistern. 1792-

LXXV. And be it enacted, That if any corn or grain making

into malt shall not immediately after the same shall be thrown out Com thrown

of any deep or cistern, be put into a couch-frame, and there re- "obeputimo

main thirty hours at lead, as by law is directed; or if such corn ""h*

i J f. . frame for 30

or grain be put on any kiln, before the same shall have remained hours,

on the floor or floors for the full space of ten days, from the aforesaid time it ought to remain in the couch-frame, then and in either of the said cases, the maltster or maker of malt, in whose ami put on malt-house such corn or grain shall not have remained the afore- "0 days"1 said respective times, in a couch-frame, or on the floor or floors, fter> shall for every time such corn or grain shall not so remain, forfeit the sum of five pounds.

LXXVI. And be it enacted, That if any corn or grain mak-9° :"rc ing into malt, shall be found by any officer of excise in any malt- So."^0" house, where it shall appear by the entry in the stock book kept by the officer of excise visiting such malt-house, that any com or w * grain making into malt, hath remained on the floor or floors the chargeable space of twenty-eight days, from the time such corn or grain v'1r<a^j ought to remain in the couch-frame, before the same shall be,put G- 3' 37- *4-on the kiln, all such corn and grain so found, shall be considered as new corn or grain making into malt, and the maltster or maker of malt in whose malt-house the same shall be found, shall be charged with duty for the fame, after the rate of sixteen bushels for every twenty bushels which the same shall amount to; and and dmred such corn or grain -.shall be deemed to be wetted without -notice; out notice-'" and such maltster or maker of malt shall be liable to the fame maltder liable penalty as persons wetting corn or grain -to be made into malt to Pelult>'-without notice are subject and liable to.

LXXVII. And be it enacted, That out of every twenty bushels Allowances r , 4 4 to be made

‘Of corn,or grain making into malt, which shall be charged by ontof<iuan-any officer of excise upon his gauge, if such gauge shall be taken -within the space of one hundred and seventy-four hours from the t'cr"n men‘

r , , tinned*

expiration of the timeauch corn or gram ought to remain in the Altered !*. A,

couch-frame, an allowance not exceeding five bushels shall be 333-37-made; and out of every twenty-one bushels of such corn or grain which shall be charged by any officer of excise upon his gauge, if such gauge shall be taken within the space of two hundred and forty-six hours, from the expiration of the time such corn or grain ought to remain in the couch-frame, an allowance not exceeding seven bushels shall be made; and out of every twenty bushels of such corn or grain which shall be charged by Vol. XVI. 3 N any

234 '215* The thirty-second Year of George III.

A.D.

any'officer of excise upon his gauge, if such gauge shall he taken 1792' after the space of four hundred and twenty hours, from the expi-ration of the aforesaid time, such corn or grain ought to remain in the couch-frame, an allowance not exceeding ten buffiels shall be made.

No permit

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That no officer of the revenue

for removal

oF malt until shall grant any permit for the removal of any-malt from the malt-dutyPpro.r house or stores of any maltster or maker of malt, unless such malt-Alpl’d R A ^er or ma^er ma^ ^ia^ Pr°duce to such officer the receipt of the 33 G. 3.37. collector of the district in which such malt.shall have been made, for the duty of such malt; nor unless such maltster or maker Of dorfcon" ma^ Perm‘t ^Uc*‘ °®cer to endorse on such receipt, the quan-ccipt, as here- tity of malt for which such permit is required, and the date of such permit, and every such officer is hereby required to make ffich endorsement accordingly.

Permit for

LXXIX. And be it enacted, That if any person shall procure *vy«Uo pa- a permit for the removal cf malt to any person, and such.malt fmi named fllaU jjq. |)e delivered to such person at the place expressed in such

therein void, 1 1

and to-, per permit, to which the malt is to be conveyed, every such permit fyled. Ut" shall be-void, and every person procuring such permit, shall for every offence forfeit the sum of ten findings, for every barrel of malt mentioned in such permit.

Qiiai't'W

LXXX. And be it enacted, That if the quantity of malt con-

convey ng ex* 1

c-'r-diiip ipiau- veying by virtue of any permit, produced to protect the fame, shall exceed the quantity expressed in such permit, by a greater ilK-'wlijJe"0’ ProP°K'oa tluin after the rate of one barrel for every twenty bar-/vrfcitol. rels which shall he so expressed in such permit, the whole quantity so conveying, together with the sacks or bags containing the fame, shall be forfeited and seized

LXXXI. And whereas from the custom of millers retaining a certain portion or-toll of malt sent to be ground at their mills, as a compensation for grinding such malt, the payment of the duty for the fame, cannot he ascertained in the same manner as the

duty of other malt, and it is reasonable to provide for the pro-

ofi-err. may tC(^jon []icre0f; be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for

grant permits 7 J

inrrcmuv.1l any officer of his Majesty's revenue, authorized to grant permits on oath being for the removal of malt, to grant permits for the removal of in1?*" the nlfl- any such toll nialt from any mill, such permit expressing that

in m iiis such nialt is toll malt, and the mill at which it was taken.;

provided that the miller requiring such permit, or his principal forvant or manager in such mill, shall make oath, which oath any such officer is hereby directed and empowered to administer,

2?5

5 The thirty-second Year of George III.

that the whole of the malt for which such permit is demanded, A.D. ConfiKs of malt taken as toll for grinding malt at such mill, and 1792*

that the several parcels of malt, from which such toll malt was taken, was brought to such mill by virtue of regular permits granted for that purpose, and every such permit shall be as effectual for any purpose for which a permit is necessary, as any permit for any Other malt, and no malt at any mill shall be liable to seizure, on account of a permit for the fame not being produced on demand thereof, by any officer of the revenue; provided the miller or his principal servant or manager at such mill, shall make such proof on oath as aforesaid.

LXXXII. And be it enacted, That if any maltster or maker . JM0"8,

hkIiiis titalt)

of malt, or other person, shall hide or conceal, or cause, or per- orliiffainitit mit, orsuffer to be hidden or concealed, any malt within his, *° *hMMul ’ her, or their malt-house, or in any (tore thereto belonging, or shall fraudulently convey away, or cause, or permit, or suffer to be orfnfTcrin; conveyed away malt out of his, her, or their malt-house or stores from the view of any gauger or other officer, or cause, or procure, 5 or permit, or suffer to be conveyed away from the eiftern or uting- or from wct. vat, or other wetting place or utensil, any Keeping or part of any Keeping of corn or grain making into malt, or shall mix ltai»"p; such corn or grain making into malt, or such corn or grain so conveyed away with, or amongK any couch or couches, floor or corl1 s»"s«b floors, of other corn or 'grain making into malt, which are then depending and in operation, and which shall have been gauged or charged with duty, or if any ma'tKer or maker of malt, shall fraudulently convey away, or cause, or procure, or permit, or filffer to be conveyed away from the ciKern, uting-vat, or other wetting place, any Keeping or part of any Keeping of corn or any grain making into malt, so that no gauge of such corn or grain u,\h "ton so conveyed away, can be taken by the officer; and if any person he shall harbour, hide, or conceal.any malt, or corn or grain making orhnrbotitai;, into malt, then and in -cadi of the said cases, every such maltKer j; ’"r ro:l't> or maker of malt, or other person so offending, shall for every such offence respectively, forfeit the sum of forty pounds; and all forfeit^ol.for such malt, or corn or grain making into malt, with all bags and null)’ lacks containing the fame, shall be forfeited and may be seized; &c and if any person having malt in his or her possession, shall not '

on demand of any such officer as aforesaid, ffiew all the malt, iheivii.g ail or corn or grain making into malt, in his or her possession, every such person shall be deemed a person fraudulently concealing malt, or c'orn or grain making into malt, and shall be subject to the said malt, forfeit

<|ol mid malt,

3 N 2 forfeiture &c.

No malt to be removed unto a brew* ery or distillery without a permit.

id. for permit;

malt found in a brewery or diliiilery, for which no permit or certificate or proof thereof'M be produced, forfeited;

if manufae-tining ino beer, ale, or spirits, forfeited, and pcefnns liable to penalty.

When the importation of wheat and other articles herein, shall be regulated according to the table marked E, in an English act passed Jiili year;

duties in this kingdom on peas, beans, ami corn, shall be regulated as set forth in fallowing table.

'The thirty-second Year of George III.

forfeiture of forty pounds, for every time he shall so conceal, or not shew such malt, or corn or grain making into malt, and all malt or corn or grain making into malt, which shall not be so shewn, or shall be so concealed, shall be forfeited and may be seized.

LXXXIII. And be it enacted, That every brewer or distiller who shall remove any malt from any kiln-house, store-house, or other place belonging to him into his or her brewery or distillery, shall obtain a permit signed by the proper officer for the fame, whether such malt shall have been made by such brewer or distiller, or purchased from any other, person, and for every such permit the sum of one penny and no more shall be paid; and if malt shall be found in any brewery or distillery, whether such malt shall have been made by such brewer or distiller, or purchased from any other person, for which a permit signed by the proper officer, or a certificate shall not be produced on demand of any officer, or within a reasonable time after such demand, unless proof shall be made that such permit or certificate- had been granted, and that the fame was afterwards lost or mislaid, then all such malt, together with the sacks (if any) in which the same shall be-contained, shall be seized and forfeited, or the said malt if manufacturing into beer, ale, or Spirits, shall be considered as malt which had not paid duty, and shall be liable to forfeiture, and the person in whdfe possession it shall be found, shall be subject and liable to,such penalty as persons concealing malt arediable-to.

LXXXIV. Whereas peas and beans are estimated to weigh sixty pounds a'bushel, rye fifty-five pounds, and Indian corn or maize fifty-four pounds; be it enacted, That so soon as the importation-of wheat, wheat-meal or flour, rye, barley, here or bigg, oats, oat-meal, pease and beans, Indian corn and maize into Great Britain, shall be regulated and ascertained according to the prices of wheat, rye, barley, here or bigg, pease, beans, oat-s unground and oat-meal, taken quarterly, in the manner set forth and specified in the table marked E. contained in an act passed in the parliament of ‘Great Britain in the;last year, entitled, An act for regulating the Impottation and exportation of corn, and the payment of the duty on foreign corn imported, and of the bounty on British corn exported, the duties to be paid in this kingdom on the importation of pease, beans, and Indian corn, shall be regulated and ascertained in the manner set forth and specified in following table, according to the prices therein mentioned, taken quarterly; and that the duties to be paid thereby, shall be in lieu of all other 1 ’ duties,

The thirtj-second Year of George III. m

duties, any thing in any act passed heretofore or in this pre-font session of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding. Chap* *17

LXXXV. Whereas by an act passed in the twenty-seventh ' v—rv—/ year, of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act to amend an ail, entitled, An act for the further improvement' Rccita! 27 and extension of the fjheries on the coafs of this kingdom; 3'c'jl'

it is amongst other things enacted, that the sum of four thou- t10*1 Ss-I(J-

1 thereby ni-

sand one hundred and four pounds eight shillings and one rc6k*d to he penny, being the balances of films appropriated to the en- ciiabf^fi*inS couragement of the Fisheries, be paid to the commissioners llslu'hol!rct’ of his Majesty's revenue, to be applied to the establishing of light-houses on the north and weft coasts of this kingdom, at such places, and in such manner, regard being had to the advantage of the fisheries, as shall be directed by the said commissioners for the time being, or any three of them, with the approbation of the lord lieutenat, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being: and where- 4075]. 3s. id. as there appears to have been a balance in the hands of the vice treasurer at Lady-day, one thousand seven hundred and rutcr> ninety, of four thousand and seventy-three pounds three shillings and two pence, on account of Irish fisheries: and whereas it appears by the accountant-general’s account, number two, that there was paid into the vice-treasurers hands between Lady-day, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, and Lady-day, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one; the sum of twenty-one thousand three hundred and ninety;- end three pounds one shilling and four pence, making together U 4<1’ with the former sum, the sum of twenty-five thousand foul hundred and sixty-six pounds four shillings and six pence, i 4? 6l. in balance'remaining, in the vice-treafufer’s hands on the said ,cr’.hamb: account: and whereas it appears by the vice-treasurCr’s ac- ant a further count, that there is a further sum of ten-pounds remaining in his hands, om account of the north weft filficries, making in the vholti in the whole the sum of twenty-five thousand four hundred and seventy-six pounds four shillings and (if pence: and

whereas there appears by the accountant-general’s account, ha fee in ": collaSor’r

number two, to have been' a balance in colicdlor s hands hands t3+si.

at Lady-day, one thousand seven hundred' arid ninety, of 3’‘8d'

one thousand three hundred and forty-eight pmihds three

shillings and eight pence; and that the duties on foreign

herrings imported between the twenty-fifth' day of Match, ring-ajfSHl.

one thousand fovea, hundred and' ninety, and' the tWeh'ty- 31

Vol. XVI. 3 O fifth

"3$ The ifArtj-fecotvd Year of George III.

A.D.

fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-*~92- one, amounted to twenty-three thousand eight hundred and fifty-four pounds three shillings and one penny, making to-n-aitingloge- aether the sum of twenty-five thousand two hundred and

'tner 25,202l. 0 '

<s.9d. two pounds six shillings and nine pence: and whereas it ap-drawback on pears by the fame account, that the drawbacks on foreign -herrings, re-exported, amounted to nineteen thousand three ^334 hundred and thirty-four pounds eighteen shillings and one payments to penny, and payments to the vice-treasurers by the colieflors, ucc-irratiircr twenty-one thousand three hundred and ninety-three

1021.]531. 1 '

ts.4d. pounds one shilling and four pence; making together the tfu-r 40,727?.' sum of forty thousand seven hundred and twenty-seven -pounds nineteen shillings and five pence, from which deducing the sum of twenty-five thousand two hundred and over-paid by two pounds six shillings and nine pence, it appears that £ady-day,at there is over paid by the collectors at* Lady-day, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, the sum of fifteen thousand five hundred and twenty-five pounds twelve shillings and eight pence; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, ic.jtsl. 123. that the sum of fifteen thousand five hundred and twenty-

8d. to be re-

paid by vice- five pounds twelve shillings and eight pence, so over paid coiuaore" on account of drawback on herrings, be repaid by the vice-41041.8s. id. treasurers to the several collectors, that the sum of four liontrsfnr" thousand one hundred and four pounds eight shillings and light-iioufa, one penny, be paid to the commissioners of his Majesty's re-

at herein; r y r J J

venue, to be applied by them, or any three of them for the

time being, for the purpose of building and maintaining a

light-house in the isle of Arran, on the north-west coast of

Ireland, and to such other light-houses as shall be fixed on by the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, or any three of

them for the time being, with the approbation of the lord

lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this king-

sbe remain- dom for the time being, and that the remainder of the said

25,4761.45. sum of twenty-five thousand four hundred and seventy-flx

ndffioncMto pounds four shillings and six pence, in the hands of the vice-

bmld light- treasurers, shall be paid into the hands of the commissioners bonks, sc. ’ r

of his Majesty's revenue, for the purpose of building and maintaining such light-houses round the coasts of this kingdom, and for such other purposes as shall be directed by parliament.

*1.14s. nd.

LXXXVI. And whereas by the account of the accountant-coSisto general, there appears to' be due by the collectors on account of

Ithe thirty-second Year of George III. 239

of the north-west fishery, a balance of eight pounds Four- A.D. teen Shillings and eleven pence; be it enacted by the autho- f 192'-rity aforesaid, That the said balance shall be accounted for, as part of the balance of the ordinary revenue. tTw"fi£«ry

LXXXVII. And be it enacted, That all and every the to he accmm.

dines, penalties, and forfeitures inflicted by this act, or by nary revenue.

the several acts of parliament hereby continued, or by any

to he fiteil for

*of them, other than and except as by this act, or by any ashy 14 & 1.J of the said acts of parliament so hereby -continued are other- C' *' wife provided for, shall and may be sued for, recovered,

and levied in such manner and form, and by such ways and means, and with such powers and authorities as are preferred, directed, and appointed in and by an act of parliament made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of his late Majesty Charles the second, entitled, An act for settling ‘the excise or new impojl upon his Majesty, his heirs and ficcessors,

according to the look of rates therein inserted, as fully and ef~

feftually to all intents, constructions, and purposes, as if

the fame were particularly mentioned, expressed, and pnafted

in this act, -with like remedy of appeal, to and for the party like remedy.

or parties who shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved of*1, Ka,

or injured, as in and by the said act is provided.

LXXXVIII. And be it enacted, That an act made in the Revenue thirty-first year of his Majesty's reign, entitled. An act for faMhercb"* continuing and amending several laws relating to his Majlftfs C0iui"uta> revenue, and for the more effectually preventing offrauds therein, and all and Angular the acts thereby continued, and every elause in the said acts respectively contained, except such («ptaiil-parts thereof as are altered, repealed, or amended by this act, or by any of the said acts so continued, or by any act °orbother faffed this session of parliament, together with this act, shall ash.) ami this continue to be in force until the twenty-fourth day of force to 24 June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and o9/'

from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, nat ft®0"-and no longer.

LXXXIX. And be it enacted, That where any still or where any black-pot not licensed as aforesaid, shall be seized in any *efeiz5tn* county of a city, or county of a town, or the liberties thereunto belonging,' the sum of twenty pounds shall be re- »mhabi-covered from the inhabitants of the parish, or part of the1*"1*’ parish or union, or extra-parochial place in such: county.o‘f a city, or county of a town, in which such still or black-pcft 3 O 7. shall

240 The thirty-second Year of George III.

A.D. shall be seized, and where such still or black-pot shall be '792' 'seized in any county ,at large, (hen the sum of ten pounds shall be recovered from the inhabitants of the tpwn or town-in.aco. »t 'jan)j jn such county at large, in which such still or blaek-

Jarjtc to*. 0«

ioliabitants of-pot be seized, in the manner herein after mentioned, town, &c. and fUph fpms when recovered shall be applied as herein after if in co. Bf mentioned, thflt i,s to say, one moiety of all fqch sums as inn! °moiety shall be recovered on account of any still or black-pot seized in the county of the city of Dublin, or the liberties there-P^onfefc1' unto belonging, or county of Dublin, shall be paid to the !"st treasurer of the house of industry in Dublin, for the use of the said house, and the other moiety to the person who . in other pais, shall have seized such still, and one moiety of all sums coTofpitat which shall be recovered on account of any still or black-pot seized in any other part- of this kingdom, shall be paid to the treasurer of the publick infirmary or hospital for the county in which such still or black-pot' shall be seized, for the use of such infirmary or hospital, and the other moiety to the person who shall have seized the same.

XC. Provided always, That such still or black-pot shall have been condemned by the chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenue of excise, if seized within the jurjfdi^lion of the excise-office in Dublin, or if seized in other parts of the kingdom, by the fub-commissioners of the district in which in case of the same shall be respectively seized: and provided also, for appealing that in cases where there shall have beep any claim, the time l"apred' or for appealing from any judgment of the chief commissioners, firmed before or fuk"comm*ffi°ners resp.eflively, shall have elapsed, 6r the proceedings, sentence of condemnation be affirmed, before any proceedings shall be had for recovery of the said sums,

XCI. And be it enacted, That the said; commissioners, pr fub-commissioners respectively, by. whom, such still or black-po.t shall be condemned, shall give a certificate setting forth the particular city, town or county, and parish or union, or part of a parish or union, extra-parochial place or liberty, town or town-land, where such still or blaek-pot was. seized,

a.nd the naipe of the perfop who. seized the fame, apd that such still pr black-pot. hath been, condemned by such- commissioners, or fub-commissioners, as the case- may be, purfu-saif. tp law, and at w-hat; time th.e fame had been, condemned, apd; whether such. still had. been claimed by any person or persons, and if, so, claimed, whether any appeal .3 had

the other to the personsi who shall seize.

Such dills tote con-' donned as -herein}

Commtffi-oiers who condemn stills, &c. to certify* 98

hertitu

TVms on

Tie thirty-second Year of George III.

had been brought against fuel) condemnation, and if such appeal shall have been brought, whether the sentence of condemnation had been affirmed.

XCII. Provided always, Tl’.at no fuel) certificate shall be granted, unless it shall have been proved on the hearing or ("';h trial of the information on which fticli condemnation was ») bc6l.mt-had, that eight days previous to such hearing or trial, notice of the lime and place of such hearing or trial was polled on the church of the parish or union in which such dill shall be seized, or if seized in any place not within a parish or union, or any place where there shall not be a parish church, that such notice was left at the dwelling-houses of two inhabitants of such place, not being revenue officers, which notice shall also specify the time and place of the

seizure of the dill or black-pot therein mentioned, and the cnmm'iSoners

r / uni Mi-

chief commissioners, and fiib-commissioners respectively, who coi.miffiimtri

shall hear or try such information, shall cause any person pdrbe

or persons who shall desire the same to be sworn, to gi

fw-iri; iv!» ticim- t.) yive

ayninlk inli.iljitants 1.0 eeitilioatc (o be Jiuaeil*

true evidence on such hearing or trial; and if it shall appear to such commissioners, or fub-commissioners respective- if any Fiaml, Iy, that any fraud or coiluflon was practised for the purpose of unfairly subjecting the inhabitants of any parish or union, part of a parish or union, extra-parochial or other place, or of any town, or town-land, to the sums by this act to be raised for the dill or black-pot seized therein, then and in such case the said commissioners, or fub-commissioners, shall not sign any such certificate.

XCIII. And be it enacted, That the said respective sums HowfucH shall be sued for and recovered in the name of such person tuedfur; as shall sue for the same by civil bill, expressing particularly the cause of action, and that the fame is founded on this act of parliament, and the place where the unlicensed still was seized, and to be brought against any three inhabitants of, or occupiers of land in the parish or union, extra-parochial or other place, or town-land in which such still or black-pot shall be seized, and in the same manner as any debt or demand of the fame amount may be sued for, and recovered by civil bill; provided that no appeal appeal to be shall be brought from any decree, on any such civil bill, fore holding unless the same shall be brought before the holding of fdf *f‘ the next ensuing assizes, or sessions of the peace, as the case may be.

\ol. XVI. 3 P XCIV. And

343 The ihiriy-fccctid Year of George II'I.

A.D.

XCIV. And be it enacted, That the aforesaid certrfi-*792, cate of the condemnation of any such still or black-pot, shall be sufficient evidence to entitle the plaintiff in such Cctificate cJvjJ hill, to fee for and recover the sum for which such

olcondemna- '

tiroruffiacm civil bill shall be brought pursuant to this act; and such plaintiff shall thereupon obtain a decree for the same, unless frond against such inhabitants or occupiers as aforesaid, unless bepromt.'1 shall be proved on behalf of such inhabitants or occupiers, that fraud or collusion was practised by the person who seized such Hill, for the purpose of subjecting the inhabitants or occupiers of lands in the parish or union, extra-parochial, or other place or town, or town-land, to such penalty.

Inhabitants XCV. Provided always, That if the judge who shall try

not to serve . . r

is jurors. such enm bill, fnali find it neceflaryto impannel a jury to try the fad of collusion, no inhabitant or occupier of land in the parish, or part of the parish or union, or extra-parochial place, or of the town or town-land in which such still or black-pot shall have been seized, shall be capable of serv-

Plaintiff to give a receipt tnt back nf lA-ciee* if requited by defendant

upon tlcpo filing fame tv lli the mulurtr, lie Ih ill at time? herein ' nnmioned, jffue hi' warrant lot 1< vy-inc ilie.funi, sj Iigiciuj

ing ns a juror on any jury so impanelled.

XCVI. And be it enacted, That if the defendants in such civil bill, or any of them, shall pay the sum decreed thereon, or if such sum shall be levied by virtue of any decree on such civil bill, the plaintiff therein shall, if required by the defendants or defendant who shall have paid such sum, or from whom the same shall have been levied, give such defendants or defendant a receipt on the back of such decree for the sum so paid or levied; and upon such defendants or defendant depositing the fame with the treasurer of the city, town or county, in which the parish or union, part of a parish or union, extra-parochial, or o'ther place, town or town-land shall lie, in which such still or black-pot shall have been seized, such treasurer shall, and he is hereby required immediately after the next following Easter or Michaelmas term, if such parish or union, or part of such parish or union, extra-parochial or other place, town or town-land, shall be situated in the county of Bub-din, or in the county of the city of Dublin, or if in any other part of this kingdom, 'immediately after the next following assizes, t.o issue his warrant to such person as shall then be empowered to collect any monies presented by the grand jury of the county of a city, county of a town, or

-county

The thirty-second Year of George III.

county at large, of the place where such still or black-pot shall have been seized, authorising such collector to collect and levy from the inhabitants or land-holders of the parish or union, or part of a parish or union, extra-parochial, or other place, town or town-land, in which such still shall have been seized, the sum appearing by such decree and receipt to have been decreed and paid, or levied together with such poundage, or receivers fees.for his own use, as such collector is entitled to on collecting any other pubiic money, in the same manner as if such sum had been presented by the grand jury of the county; and such collector shall have the fame power to proceed in the applotment of such sum on the inhabitants or land-holder of the parish or union, or part of a parii'h or union, extra-parochial, or other place, town or town-land, and to levy the same in the same manner as any money presented by the grand jury of the county; and every such treasurer and coilcdtor shall be accountable for the fame, in the same manner, as for any public money for which he may be accountable; and such treasurer shall pay to the defendants or defendant in the civil bill, who shall have paid the money decreed thereon, or from whom the same shall have been levied, the sum which shall have teen so paid or levied, and such treasurer shall be liable r:nrl be compellable to pay the same, in the same manner as any public money presented to be paid to any person

Chap. 17.

with potind-ape'tnr mV o* collector, is if i»iefen*cd bygjand juty;

treasurer ana dlcfl.nr ac-

roiimnhlc as ft-r public!: money

defettdantc who shall li ive prtid money decried. to foe paid foy trei-furer.

XCVII. And in order to reimburse the several inhabitants or land-holders, from whom any money shall have been raised by virtue of such warrant, from any treasurer as aforesaid, the money paid by them respectively; be it cnatled, That it shall and may be lawful for every inhabitant and land-holder, who shall have paid any such money,' at any time within three years, from the time of collating the fame, to sue by civil bill the person who was the owner of the still, on account of which such money was so levied, or in whose tenement the fame was seized, for tiic money paid by them respectively on account thereof; and every such inhabitant or land-holder shall recover and levy the same, in the same manner as any debt or demand recoverable 'by civil bill, may be recovered and levied.

XCVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, or any

3 P } three

Inhabitants and landholders may recover from owners, See, oflltMs, Stc.

within 3

Commissioners may license fii)l« for compounding

244 2Ue thirty-second Year of George III.

A.D.

three of them, under their hands and seals, to grant Iicenfes 1792.

to persons to keep (tills of any content, for the purpose of Chap. 17. r , f ,r

compounding cordial waters, and extracting chymical prepa-

undtr'restrfc- rat'ons for medicinal purposes, under such restrictions as to

tions. them shall seem meet.

Such 1; XCIX. Provided always, That it shall he lawful for the

cento may be . J

withdrawn, said commissioners, or any three of them, to withdraw such license whenever they shall see cause for so doing.

TABLE.

Ifhe thirty-feMiifl Year of George III.

*45

table.

Indian Gom or Maize, per Bar.

'Pease and Beans. rcl. Governed by the Price of Barley, as follows:

When imported from ‘.Great Britain. per Barrel. When imported from Great Britain. per Barrel.

r.s. d. If - the Price of Barley be £s. J.

If under I — under — 14 >°T

High Duty -.13 ro|S High Duty — *2 4jV

If at, or above , ^Jjlf at, or above - 14 tof

But under 1 z 1 ,% But. under - 16 1?

Eirlt Low Duty First Low Duty -- m

If at, or above 1 n at, or above -16 1*

Second Low Duty When imported from any Foreign Country'. .43 — — ‘lT« Second Low Duty - When imported from any Foreign Country. [f the Price of Barley be .3 7 IjT

If under - 1 t $i under — »5 5f

High Duty_,310!-ffigh Duty - *2 4aV

'Ifat, or..above j 3I If at, or above — >5 5f

But under , .’-.But under 1 3 *r-\ - 16

First Low Duty —- .1 Jv FirftLow Duty «© I J

If at, or above 1 3 4t’2 If at,- or above OO . vp I

tgecond Low. Duty ia! Second Low-Duty - *K

Vo l. X.YI.

CHAP.

',2'he thirlj-feccnd 1'ear of' George III.

246

A.D. 1792.

CHAP. XVIII.

An Act for confirming the Powers of the Society of King's-Jnns, Dublin, and to repeal an Act, Entitled, An Act to , regulate the Admission of Barrifiers at Law.

’ Recital *21 Geo. 3.0.32.

letters patent have been granted to confirm to society of King's inns their aniknt franchises, &c.

Repealed as

as to Cun-firming the

letters patent. 33 G 3.

-c. 44-

receited act repealed.

WHEREAS an act- passed in the twenty-first year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to regulate admission of barrifiers at law: and whereas his Majesty has been'since graciously pleased by'his letters patent, bearing date at Dublin, on the twenty-seventh day of February, in the thirty-second year of his Teign, to confirm-to the society of the King’s-Inns, Dublin, their antient franchises, powers, and privileges; and to grant to them such further powers as were necessary, and fitting to enable them to ..regulate-the admission, conduct, and practice of persons desirous to study the law, and to be called to the bar, or to practice as atlornie’s in his Majesty's courts of justice, whereby the provisions of the said-'statute arc become unnecessary; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said statute, and every part theredf, be, and the fame is

hereby repealed, and that the filid letters patent, and the several powers and provisions. thereof and thereby granted are hereby confirmed.

CHAP. XIX.

An Act for continuing and amending an Act, Entitled, An Act for regulating the fitting of Licenses for ike Sale of Spiritous Liquors by Retail, and for remedying the Abuses which have arisen from the immoderate Use of such Liquors.

R«v!hvl3t

WHEREAS an act passed in the ialtdeflion of parliament, to 3- entitled, An act for regulating the ifining of licenses fir the fate of spiritous liquors by retail, and for remedying the abuses which have arisen from the immoderate use of such liquors, will expire on the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and it is necessary to continue certain of the regulations thereby made, and to make further provisions for dfefting the purposes of the said act; therefore be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the

The thirty-second Year of George III. 247

lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present A.D. parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That To much of the said act as establishes the respective duties -

or sums of money to be paid for licenses for felling spiritous I-1'1 liquors by retail, iii the several places respectively in the said :i llc-

4 ' r i in re-

aft mentioned and described, and the fees payable to the fc- died vcral collectors on granting such licenses, and on taking fc- M, Veii, curity, be, and the fame is hereby continued until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three.

II. And be it enacted, That every licensc commencing T.icrnfa for from ‘the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven f'1^, hundred and ninety-two, which shall be granted to fell spirit- dilculie1l. ous liquors by retail in the city of Dublin, and within the -s lVlarc,'i difirift of the metropolis of Dublin, and the wall of his Ma- 79 jessy’s park the Phoenix, and within the counties of the

cities of Cork, Waterford, and Limerick 5 and every license and fn-wine commencing from the aforesaid time, which shall be granted aii^!u "0 he to fell wine and ale by retail in any part of this kingdom, gj."j "ntl* shall be granted to sell the same until the twenty-ninth day ‘7VJ; of September, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two and no longer; and such licenses shall be granted on payment , moiety to of one moiety only of the respective duties payable to his Majesty cm such licenses respectively; and from and after from 29 Sept, the said twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven c,-mel-ocon-hundred and ninety-two, all licenses for felling wine, ale, r-jr 1 and spiritous liquors by retail, shall continue in force for one year, from the twenty-ninth day of September, in each year.

III. And be it enacted, That no itccnfe be granted to any No Zlcntkt person to fell by retail any spiritous liquors within the city of inpUeiicre-Dublin, and the Circular-Road surrounding the said city, or the district of the metropolis of Dublin, or in any place beyond the Gircular-Road, and the wali of his Majesty's park '> viOui-acra, the Phoenix, not distant more than five niiles therefrom, or 2|c; within the cities of Cork, Waterford, and Limerick, or within the rest of the counties of the said.cities, except to such persons as keep victualling-houses, inns, or taverns, and also sell ale by retail, and to persons who keep‘Coffee- tnd 10 coflie-houses, and who respectively' use and exercise no other trade or business whatever, and any license which IhalTbe granted Uctqfwgrotto any person exercising the-trade or bufinCfs of a grocer, or using or exercising any trade or business other than as afore-

I said, bullntfa, void;

-248

A.D.

792- Chap. 19.

and such persons subject

to penalties.

Who deemed vi&Udllers*

'None bnt cofTei -hinife-keepers to he licensed, -who . do no! fell ftionp beer and ale.

’ No license to he granted in pint-herein dcfcnlied, nniefs-fircli per fun and1* ' two oilier?, not JilH'lers or on' licans, enter into a bond for 50l.

in other parts Jot 20l.

conditions, of the bond.

fthe thlrty-fecorid Year of George lH.

raid, either' in his own name, or in the name of any other person, or having any interest, emolument, or profit in or out of any other trade or' business; or in whose hatffe where he or fhc (half be licensed to’fell Tpiritous liquors by retail, or in any adjoining house or building which shall. communicate with such house, the trade or business of a grocer, or any other-trade or business other than as aforesaid, ' shall becar-ried on in any public (hop or room, or who (hall-not be a victualler, inn-keeper, or tavern-keeper, felling ale by retail as aforesaid, or coffee-house-keeper, shall be, aitd 'the fame is hereby declared null arid.void; a-nd the person-whoseli-cerife shall To become null and void, shall be deemed an un-licensed-retailer of spiritous liquors, and shall be Tubjedt to such penalties as retailers of Tpiritous liquors without Ticenfe are by- this act- made Tubjedt-. to.

IV. And be it enacted, That no. person shall be deemed a victualler, inn-keeper, or tavern-keeper, within the meaning of this act, who shall not furnish and fell victuals to: be consumed in his of her hou fe.

V. And be it enacted, That no person shall be licensed as aforesaid, unless he or she shall be also licensed to fell strong beer and ale by retail, unless he or she (hall-keep a coffee-lion le only, and be licensed to keep the same.

VI. And be it enacted, That no license for the Tale of spiritous liquors by retail, if within the city o'f.Dublin, or within the said* Circular-road, -or the district of the metropolis of Dublin, or in any place beyond the Circular-road and the wall of his Majesty's park the;Phoenix, -not distant more than five, miles therefrom, - or within the cities of Cork, Waterford, and Limerick, or - within the rest of the counties of the Taid cities, shall be granted to-any person, unless such -person with two sufficient sureties, not being distillers or publicans, (hall-enter into a bond to-his Majesty, his heirs and - successors, in the fu.m. of fifty pounds; and if in any -other part of this kingdom, unless such person with two-such sureties as -aforesaid, shall enter into a bond to his Majesty, -in the sum of twenty pounds, conditioned that such, person shall, during the time such license shall be of force, be constantly provided with good strong- beer or ale for Tale by retail, and shall fell victuals, beer, ale, and Tpiritous liquors respectively at reasonable rates, and shall not . fell spiritous liquors on a Sunday, before the: hour of one of

5 The thirty-second Year of George III.

the clock in the afternoon, and shall not fell spiritous liquors in the morning of any other day before sunrise, nor after an unseasonable hour in the evening, nor fell any spir ritous liquors to any trades-men, artificers, or labourers, resorting to his or her house for the purpose of receiving wages due to them; and shall not wittingly or knowingly entertain any artificers or trades-men assembling for the purpose of entering into any unlawful combination, which bonds the respective collectors of his Majesty's excise are hereby empowered and required to take; and no license for the sale nopeifon who of spiritous liquors by retail as aforesaid, shall be granted jUtw'wbc to any person who shall have so entered into bond with, 1"cnr'-'<i-and become furcty for such person so licensed during the lime that his said bond and surety shall continue in force against him.

VII. And be it enacted, That no license shall be granted P«f<raup-to any person to fell by retail spiritous liquors within the «J, Vef i" . city of Dublin and Circular-road aforesaid, or district of the metropolis of Dublin, or in any place beyond the Circular- produce c«-road and the wall of his Majesty's park the Phoenix, not herein; distant more than five miles therefrom, or within the cities

of Cork, Waterford; and Limerick, or within the rest of the counties of the said cities, or within any other city or town, or the liberties thereof, being a county in itself, unless the person applying for such license shall produce to the collector of the district a certificate, signed by a magistrale in such city or town; and in case there be no magistrate in such city or town, then by the justices by this act directed to grant certificates in the counties in which such cities or towns are situate, that the person applying for a license is a proper person-to be licensed, nor unless the persons who shall sure(;cstobc be proposed to be sureties for the person applying for a li- pp«wejiof ecnfe, be named in such certificate, and therein approved iratca, 6c.

of by such magistrate or justices as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it enacted, That no license shall be granted Persons io to any person to fell by retail spiritous liquors in any other thck5otn°,f part of this kingdom, unless the person applying for such

license shall produce to the collector of the district a like herein, certificate signed by two justices of the peace for the county, assembled in manner as herein directed, in which he or she shall reside, and in which certificate the names of sureties for

Vol. XVI. 3 R the

-250

At foflion* ‘injtily, j»f-tico io appoint times ami places for gianting certificate

entice to he given, ifjustices <lo not appoint fceli Itfiions,

: flicrifft may,

a* or more jnlHcth may mqiiirc as JiC.CIII,

2 Indices to fipn ccriifi-cate,

what it i$ to . contain.

' If justices 'do not attend, collector may grant licenso upon cctiifi. cates of i

justice;

justices of a

corporation IttHy g tut

-cettisicatcs u-.llmi its liberties.

The thtrty-ficoKil Year of George III.

the persons applying for a license shall be set forth and approved of by such justices.

IX. And for the more easily obtaining certificates from the justices of the peace to entitle persons to licenses for felling spiritous liquors by retail in places within counties at large; be it enacted, That at the quarter sessions held in the month of July yearly in every such county, the justices there assembled shall appoint the several times, previous to flic twentieth day of September following, when, and also the several towns in the county, where a special sessions shall be held for the purpose of granting such certificates, and such justices shall cause public notice to be given thereof; and in case r.o justice shall attend at such July sessions, or in case the justices so attending shall neglect to appoint Pech sessions as aforesaid, then the sheriff of the county shall appoint the times and places in like manner, and cause like notice to be given; and any two or more justices affcnibled at any such sessions so appointed, shall proceed to enquire whether the persons requiring such certificates, are . proper persons to be licensed to fell spiritous liquors by retail,

and whether the furclies named for fucll persons whom they shall think proper to be licensed are sufficient, and not fewer than (wo such justices of the peace shall give a certificate under their hands and Teals, to every person applying for the fame, whom they shall judge proper to be licensed, in which certificate the place of the residence of such person, and the names of such persons proposed to'be sureties in such bond as aforesaid, whose fecufity shall be approved of by such justices, shall be described.

'X. And be it enacted, That if no time or place shall be so-appointed, or if the justices shall neglect to attend at the -several times and places which shall be so appointed, then, and in such cases only, it shall be lawful for the collector of the distrifl to grant licenses upon the certificates of any one justice of the peace for (he county, redding in the neighbourhood of the person applying for a license; provided that where there is a corporation within such county at large, it maylbe lawful for the justices of such corporation to grant certificates within the liberties of such corporation before t'ne twentieth day of September, and that upon their giving notice at the July sessions of such their intention, no justices of the county shall grant any certificate for any

The thirtysecond Year of George III. 251

any License within such corporation, but in failure of such - A.D. notice being given, the justices of such county at large shall 792* grant such certificates.

XI. And be it enacted, That the several collectors of cx- Coiicflurs cife in this kingdom, in their respective districts, shall upon ,0srailt h-

rcceipt of the duty by the said

confcs to per-cited act required to be [""»

paid, grant licenscs to all persons to fell spiritous liquors by >rS T‘n retail, who shall have procured such certificates as aforesaid, and who with such sureties as shall be named in such certificate shall have entered into bonds to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, with such condition as aforesaid; provided <"<* P'rl°"s

t to take nut

always, that such person shall at the same time take out a ale lice«fcs. License for felling Zlrong beer or ale by retail, and pay the duty payable thereon.

XII. And be it enacted, That if any person who shall ap- Person»ag-ply in manner herein before directed for such certificate as appeahugc-aforesaid, and the justices a/Tembled at the fc/fions appoint- "cr'1 fcir'o:"’ cd for granting certificates, or the magistrate, or justice, as

the case may be, to whom such application shall have been made, shall refuse to grant the fame, and the person so applying shall think himself or herself aggrieved by fuel) rc-fufal, it shall and may be lawful for every such person to appeal to the next general sessions of the peace, to be held in the city, town, or county in which such person shall re-fide; and in case the justices at such sessions of the peace ;f j,(itiots.ap-

shall think such person proper to be licensed, and shall ap- Sc«te’m«jr he

prove of the sureties to be named by such person, the fame

/hall be certified by the clerk of the peace, who is hereby peace,

required to grant such certificate without fee or reward,

and thereupon the collector of the district shall grant a li- coiieaor_to

cense in the same manner as if such person had been approved a,fe thereof by the justices a/Tembled at the sessions, or by the ma- upo"' gistrate or justice to whom application was first made.

[Perron! who

XIII. And be it enacted, That every person who shall obtain such certificate as aforesaid, shall on or before the emes, to pay twenty-ninth day of September, after the sessions at which bo'i!j,m»itht0 such certificate shall be granted, or within ten days after the "

date of the certificate, in case the same shall be granted,

pursuant to the provisions of this act, by one magistrate or

justice of the peace, pay to the collector of the district, the duty payable on such License, and with two sureties 3 R 2 enter

LicfnfeJ house lo have 2 fixed [-hearths.

aji The thirty-fecottd Year of George III.

A.D.

enter into Fuch bond as aforesaid, or such certificate shall be *7S2, void, and no collector shall grant any license thereon. . XJ-v-'i!/'

XIV. And be it enacted, That if any license shall be ganted by any collector to any person to fell spiritous liquors by retail, on any certificate fraudulently obtained from, or -granted by any justice or magistrate, not pursuant to the directions in this act, every such license shall be null and void, and the person to whom such license shall have been granted, felling spiritous liquors by retail, shall be deemed a retailer of spiritous liquors without license, and shall be subject to the fame penalties as persons felling spiritous liquors by retail are by this act subject to.

XV. And be it enacted, That no magistrate or justice of the peace shall give any certificate to any person to entitle him or her to a license for felling spiritous liquors by retail,

unless the house in which such person is to belicensedto re-

tail the fame, shall contain two fixed hearths or fire places

open for use; and in case any person not having two fixed hearths or fire places open for use in the house in which such person is so licensed shall obtain a license, such license shall be null and void to all intents and purposes; and if any such person shall fell any spiritous liquors by retail, he or flie shall be subject to the like penalties as persons felling such liquors without license arc subject to.

Persons fei-

XVI. And be it enacted, That every person who shall by ’ ling lets than him or herself, or by any other person employed by him or spirits, mixed her, or for 'his or her benefit retail any spiritous liquors dremXe-’ mixed-or unmixed with any ingredients to be consumed in rany quantity whatsoever in his or her houses, ware-houses, fliops, cellars, vaults, rooms, flieds, or other places to him or her belonging, or that shall retail or fend the fame abroad, out of his -or her houses, ware-houses, store-houses, fliops, cellars, vaults, rooms, flieds, or other places, in a less quantity than one gallon, shall be deemed a retailer of spiritous liquors within the meaning-of this act.

Licensed

XVII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained, Tc°nMaSia- affcdl apothecaries, or druggists, or distillers, who shall ed hereby, he licensed by the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, to distil compound, cordial or medicinal waters only, and follow no other trade or business. tMicensed

XVIII. And be it enacted, That no person shall fell any place, herein spiritous liquors by retail, unless lie shall be licensed so to so'feii for do in manner herein directed $ and if any person shall fell

fplt yffense

2d. 4 any

The thirty-second Year of George III.

any spiritous liquors by retail, without having obtained such license as aforesaid, or having obtained such license, and that the fame under any of the provisions in this act shall become void, every such person shall for the first offence, if committed within the city of Dublin, or within the Circular-road, or within the district of the metropolis aforesaid, or in any place beyond the Circular-road and the wall of his Majesty's park the Phoenix, not distant more than five miles therefrom, and within the cities of Cork, Waterford, and Limerick, and within the rest of the counties of the said cities, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds; and for the second and every forewry further offence, forty pounds; and if such offence shall be 4’0l. committed in any other place in this kingdom, every such V'o^'for person shall for the first offence forfeit ten pounds; and for the second and every further offence twenty pounds; and in ?lr=n'"ol-f default of payment of the said forfeiture or penalty, for the payment t first offence, the person offending shall be committed to gaol pSlmcut" for a space not exceeding one month; and in default of payment of the said forfeiture or penalty for the second or further offence, shall be committed to gaol, there to remain for the space of three months.

XIX. And be it enacted, That if any person shall forfeit ( his or her fold'bond, and judgment be had thereon against (orf.ltci. and him or her, that such person shall be for ever incapable of jeraiji'cc,ne" receiving a license to fell spiritous liquors, and that every ,0Kli license granted, or to be granted to any such person, shall be void to all-intents and purposes whatsoever, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and any' and subjiftto such person felling any spiritous liquors by retail, shall be Pena,tlcs-subject to the fame penalties as persons felling spiritous liquors by retail without license are subject to.

XX. And be it enacted, That if any person licensed to pctr0nsy. fell spiritous liquors by retail, shall fell by retail any such

liquors in any other place than in such houses or places there- fcdbcdin 1>-

1 ' , 1 confe, liconfe

unto belonging, wncrcm he, flic, or they inhabited arid void, and fob-dwelled at the time of granting such license, and which shall ties/0 pc,ial be described therein, such license shall be null and void, and such person shall be liable to the fame penalties as persons felling spiritous liquors by retail without license are by this act subject to.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any person li-confed to fell spiritous or other liquors, shall assign the house

Vol. XVI. q S in

Thd ih'iTty-fcccnd If-ear of George III.

in which he or she shall have been licensed to fell such liquors to any person, or shall die, the aflbnce of such persont assigning his interest, or the executors or administrators

L'ceifes of of the person so dying, or his or their aflienee, who shall be-peiTuns dying, r jo

or transfer- come poueffed of such honfeor place, may lawfully fell fpi-.unui t-Kpira- pilous liquors therein, until the expiration of the term for - if’executors’ "which the license shall have been granted; 'provided such &c. flniiii.ve executors or administrators, or any such assignee shall have ©b-

obtained ccr- # J

tificates. tained the certificate of any magistrate oryuftioc of the peace, "that he or they is, or are a proper person or persons to be li-"cettfed 'to fell spiritous liquors by retail, and shall have executed such!bon'd as is herein before required on granting a license.

Nome?, Sic. XXII. ‘Anti‘be it cnafred, That every person licensed to KlcicTn"1'11 'fcl? spiritous liquors by retail, shall have or cause to'bepaint-<ed on 'a‘board, with letters publicly visible and legible, at !leaftna'n inch long, in white upon a black ground, or in black on a white ground,his or her name and surname at full'lengfh, and the words licensed to retail spiritous, and such other ‘liquors as such peffons shall be licensed to Ml, as the case may be, and shall affix the fame on some conspicuous jjlacc on the outside of the front of his or her lioule, not more than three feet distant from the top of the front door of such house, and shall preserve and keep up the fame, during the penalty 10l. time he, (lie, or they shall continue to fell such liquors, or in default-thereof, (hall‘forfeit the'sum of ten pounds.

XX1M. And be it enacted, That it shall and may-be law-.anJ1o,0if"5tr, ful for -any magistrate, justice of the peace, surveyor, gauger, may-demand or other officer df excise, rn the day-time, to -enter into any

a view of Ii- c

senfen where -(hop, (tore-room, or house whereon is affixed any such board affixed,' ‘ornotification, importing that spiritous or other liquors arc -retailed’therein, and to demand a view of rile license, under or by virtue of which the person or persons residing therein, penalty-(hall claim a liberty to fell such liquor or liquors; and if a Leofe'jot'sufficient license shall not he produced, the occupier of such house shall -forfeit the sum of thirty pounds.

_ ,

XXIV. And be it enacted, That if any person shall buv

Penalty on t J r

buying Ids -or obtain for any consideration given,-or to be given, any in any Me" ’spiritous liquors in-less quantity than one gallon, in any house hoard Mdi- not hav'nS affixed thereon such board, with the words herein -reded. . before directed to be painted thereon, every such person shall for every such offence, upon being cor.vifted thereof before

any

The thlrty-second Year of George III. 2:5

any magistrate or justice of the peace, forfeit a sum not ex- A. !' ceeding five shillings, nor less than one shilling; and such person shall by such magistrate or justice be committed to gaol until such penalty shall be paid, and such penalty when levied shall be paid to the informer.

XXV. And be it enacted, That no person shall hawk, Noperfmis fell, or expose to sale any spiritous liquors whatsoever, in to hawk, or

« , ' 1 expose spirite

any street or highway, or field, or any other unucensed place, to sale, an

or shall sell or expose the same to sale on any table, or in'1"'1'1’

any booth or tent, or in any bulk, flail, or lhed, or on or

in any place or places, or in any manner whatsoever, other

than in such place or places as are herein before mentioned

or allowed, upon pain of forfeiting for every such offence, 105. pemitj,

the sum of ten shillings; and that it shall and may be lawful for any magistrate, justice of the peace, or other peace offi- juiiccs, &c.

r may fcize or

ccr, or any revenue officer, to seize and take away, or to destroy all destroy or cause to be seized, taken away and destroyed, all vefoiS’ such spiritous liquors which shall be found so exposed to sale, and the vessels containing the fame, and all vessels and utensils used for measuring or drinking the fame, found therewith; and it shall and may he lawful for any magistrate or justice of the peace, for a city or place wherein such offence shall be committed, on his or their own view, or on confession of the party, or by proof of such offence by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, to convict any person so offending as aforesaid $ and every such person so con v iff- offender to tie ed, shall on such conviction be put in the (locks for the space so'th'w,1'* of one hour, and shall forfeit the sum of ten shillings, and on such offender or offenders -refusing or neglecting to pay ea^/or 1 the fame, the magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices so conviffing as aforesaid, shall and may by warrant or warrants under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, commit the offender or offenders to gaol, there to remain for any time not exceeding -one month from the day of such commitment, and every sum or sums of money arising from the fin«to[iMr conviction of any such person, in case there be no informer, of 1"nl"’ shall be wholly paid to the church-wardens of the parish wherein the offence shall be committed, or one of them, and' applied to the use of the poor of such parish; but if there or, mo!etr shall be an informer, one moiety of such money shall be paid to the informer for his own use, and the other moiety to the tV poor, church wardens as aforesaid, or one of them, and applied to

3 S 2 the

a. $6 The thirty-Jecmd Year of George III.

A.D.

the use of the poor of the parish as aforesaid; and every per -1792. son f0 Cxpo{ing spiritons liquors to sale, shall be liable to all other penalties to which persons felling spiritous liquors by retail without license are liable.

XXVI. And for preventing drinking at unseasonable hours, and the harbouring of suspicious persons in houses where fliueun"' fp'r'tous liquors shall be fold; be it enacted, That it shall be icmuyt per- lawful for any chief constable, or high constable to enter

Tons drinking J # 4 0

bi-twccn iz at any such house in the district of the metropolis of Dublin,

and to remove all persons drinking therein, between the hours

'"s’ of twelve at night and seven in the morning; and if any

penalty for person felling spiritous liquors by retail shall not on demand

oUnidm,; of entrance by knocking or otherwise, so as to be heard

rkKi-couua- 1 p ’

'Lie 51. within, admit such chief-constable or high-constable into such house, or after admiltance shall obstruct such chicf-constable or high-constable in removing persons drinking therein, such person upon proof thereof to the satisfaction of any magistrate upon oath, shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of five pounds, to be paid to the informer or prosecutor, and no part thereof shall be remitted.

'Fariniioners

XXVII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for

may nppuiiit the pnrifhioners of the several parishes of the city of Dublin,

©vrrfteis uf 1 r. 1 ’

licensed or liberties thereof, at vefiry assembled, twice in every year, mnventer, or oftener, if necessary, to appoint such number of persons

cotibbitf- as 10 t'lem Icem meet, overseers of houses licensed for

sale of spiritous liquors within every such parish respectively, and' the overseers so appointed, shall have like powers and authorities for entering such houses as constables and other peace-officers have by virtue of this act; and the persons not like penally admitting such overseers, shall be subject to like penalties as ?ngomf«ni Persons not admitting the high-constables are subject, and in doty of case they shall find any persons not being inmates of such oierieas; houses entertained therein, between the hours of twelve at night and seven in the morning, or before the hour of one in the afternoon on a Sunday, any three or more of such overseers shall certify under their hands and seals to a jufh'ce of the peace for the county of the said city, that persons were entertained in such house at such unseasonable hours, and thereupon such magistrate shall summon the parties ac-IlccnCed prr- cufed; and unless the persons summoned shall make it appear laTfatbFac*' *° satisfaction of such justice of the peace, that the per-tioB as hcie- fons found therein were inmates of the house where they were 4 lo

The thirty-second Year of George III. 257

so found, such certificate shall be conclusive evidence to sub- A.D jest the persons licensed for the sale of spiritous liquors to a 1791-penalty of thirty shillings.for the first offence, and for the second offence to the firm of.- five pounds, and in default of >"fmcJ 5°--

for lit, and

payment of such penalty, such justice of the peace may if- 51. for :<l sue his warrant for the distress and sale of the goods of the offence' person on whom such penalty shall be imposed.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That the justice of the peace_,

r Bonds of '

before whom any person licensed for the sale of spiritous li- i>vw prr-quors shall have been twice convicted, shall certify under his convia<d m hand and seal to the chief commissioners of his Majesty's re- vutflllt-venue, that such person licensed for the sale of spiritous liquors, has been twice convicted of entertaining persons in his or her house, not being inmates of such house, at unfea-'. sonable hours, and upon receipt of such certificate the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue shall cause the bond paf- fed by such person so licensed to be put in suit, and such certificate shall, if produced on any trial relative to such bond, be conclusive evidence of the breach of the condition of such bond.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That no person shall be enti- Dibt for tied unto, or maintain any cause, action, or suit for, or re- qu'"°"snjc‘r cover either, in law or equity, any sum of money, or demand for, or on account of any spiritous liquors fold, unless'covaaiiic; such debt shall have been really and bona fide contracted at one time to the amount of twenty shillings or upwards; nor shall any particular article or item in any account or demand for spiritous fold, be allowed or maintained where the full value of the liquors delivered at one time, and mentioned in such article or item, shall not be twenty shillings at the least, and that without fraud or covin, and where no part of the liquors fold or delivered shall have been returned, or' agreed to be resumed directly or indirectly; and in case any retailer of spiritous licuors, with or without a license, shall tclai,"st:,y

r k ing pawns for

take or rccrive any pawn or pledge from any person by way fpmt* tofar. of security for the payment of any sum or sums of money eacti?°rd ' owing by such p. ‘ 0 for such spiritous liquors, every such cover'pjwnT person so offending, and being convicted thereof, before any magistrate or justice of the peace, shall forfeit the sum- of: forty shillings for every pawn or pledge so taken in or received by him or them; and that one moiety thereof shall be to the use of the poor of the parish where such offence shall

Vol. XVI. 3 T be

no agreement to return a part thereof,

«58 A.D.

m*-

Chap. 19.

T)chiR for poitcr, &c. and spirii* sold to uuli* certfed rttail-ers not rcco* verable, nur lor spirlts sold by unli-confect diltil-Iers*

roles, &c. for such debts void.

P«rfons agreeing to pay journeymen* &c. in money and spirits,

or flopping wages for spirits, forfeit 409. to the poor*

full wages to be recovered.

The thirty-second Year of George III.

he committed, and the other moiety to the informer or informers } and the person or persons to whom any such pawn or pledge shall belong, shall have the fame remedy for recovering such pawn or pledge, or the value thereof, as if it had not been given as a pledge.

XXX. And be it enacted, That no person shall have any remedy for, or recover any sum of money on account of any porter, heer, ale, or spiritous liquors sold to an unlicensed retailer of such liquors; nor shall any unlicensed distiller have any remedy for, or recover from any person any sum of money on account of any spiritous liquors sold by such unlicensed distiller; and all promissory notes, bonds, or other writings given as a security for the payment of debts contracted for any porter, beer, ale, or spirits so sold to an unlicensed retailer, or for any spiritous liquors sold by an unlicensed difliiler, are hereby declared to be null and void.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That if any person thall agree to pay any journeyman, workman, servant, labourer, or other person employed by, or working under him or her, or under his or her direction, so much money for wages, and such a quantity of spiritous liquors, in lieu of the wages or any part thereof, which shall be ordinarily and usually paid for the work such journeyman, servant, labourer, or other person shall be employed in, or thall set off, flop, or dedud all or any part of the wages or hire due to any journeyman, workman, servant or labourer, for any spiritous liquors delivered to him, every person so offending, thall for every such offence, upon being convicted thereof before any magistrate or justice of the peace, forfeit the sum of forty thillings; one moiety of which forfeitures shall be paid to the informer or prosecutor, and the other moiety to the church-wardens of the parish in which such offence shall be committed, to be applied to the use of the poor of such parish; and such journeyman, workman, servant, labourer, or other person, shall be entitled to his or her whole wages, notwithstanding such agreement, felting off, Hopping or deduding, and thall have the like remedy in law for the fame, as if all or any part of such wages were not paid; and every person giving or procuring credit to be given for spiritous liquors fold or drank as aforesaid, thall forfeit five pounds, to be recovered, paid and applied as aforesaid.

The thirty-second Year of George III. 259

XXXII. And be it enacted, That no perfoc employing A, !>., journeymen, workmen, servants or labourers, shall by him-

self, or by any other person, pay any journeyman, workman, servant or labourer employed by him, the whole or any part of the wages due to such journeyman, workman, servant or paid in puhw labourer, in or at any house in which any beer, ale, or fpi- nasty'io!' ritous liquors shall be fold, and every person so offending shall for every such offence, upon being convicted thereof before any magistrate or justice of the peace, forfeit the sum of ten pounds, and all payments of wages made in manner afore- racial voiii. said, shall be null and void.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That if it shall appear that f f any person who shall be licensed to fell spiritous liquors by tailris of fpi-retail, shall have without fraud sold by retail "within the Co*"* year, strong beer or ale in the cities of Dublin, Cork, Wa-terford, or Limerick respectively, in the quantities herein entitled to ,u

I., n* lowance* on

after mentioned, proof whereof shall be made by the affida- felling ltronS vit of such person, and by the certificate of the brewer or person by whom the same shall have been sold to such retail-er, that such quantity was so sold by him, and also by the mentioned t

1 ' proof as here-

certificate of the surveyor or gauger, that he had received intofausfic' notice of the delivery of such beer or ale, and of the respective times when the fame were delivered, and that he had in-spedled the fame 5 in case such retailer shall have fold seven-ty-five barrels of strong beer or ale, such retailer shall be entitled to a reduction of one-sixth, and in case he or file shall have fold one hundred barrels of strong beer or ale, to a reduction of one-fifth, and in case he or she shall have fold two hundred barrels, to a reduction of one-third of the duty to be paid for his or her license for the year next ensuing; provided it shall appear to the satisfaction of the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, that the several requifltcs herein have been duly performed.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be jun;,5may lawful for any justice of the peace to search for, and make

feisure of any spiritous liquors exposed to sale at any fair, «pt in Kccnf-patron, market, horse-race, hnrling-match, or any place of ,-nalty public meeting, except in houses licensed for that purpose; and every person felling or expoling to Fale any spiritous li- ft-quors, at any fair, patron, market, horse-race, hurling-match, or other place of public meeting, except in heufes licensed for that purpose, shall upon being convitfted thereof

3 T 2 before

2 Go The thirty-second Year of George III.

A.D.

before any magistrate or justice of the peace, forfeit anc pay

*792, the sum of five pounds.

Chap^tQ.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That if any magistrate or justice of the peace, shall certify under his hand, that proof has . transmittiiipa. been made before him that any condition in the bonds herein rnmmiffiniiers before required to be entered into by any person licensed to . timIlfnblind,'fp'r>tous liquors by wholesale or retail, has been violated, it M bn put and shall transmit such certificate to the chief commissioners of his Majesty's excise, the said commissioners shall forthwith put or cause such bond to be put in suit.

Wholesale dealers in f|>t rio io take out Itcenfes,

23. 8d h. to

collector.

penalty 50l.

not to extend to persons , who do not fell kfs than 32 gallons.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That no person shall keep a shop, or other place for the sale of spiritous liquors by wholesale, without taking out a license from the collector of the distrifl in which such person shall reside, for which license there shall be paid to such collector, a fee of two shillings and eight pence halfpenny, and no more; and if any' person shall fell any spiritous liquors by wholesale, without having taken out such License, he or she shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of fifty pounds; provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to merchants or fa flora selling spirits by wholesale in quantities not less than thirty-two gallons.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That no such License shall cffnflitwith be granted, unless the person licensed shall, with two suffi-2 furtnes to c;ent fUreties, enter into a bond to his Majesty, before the

enter into a J J

boml not to collector of the difirifl, in the penalty of fifty pounds, com-

fcil Ufa than , 1

a gallon. ditioned that,he or she shall not fell or deliver out any spiritous liquors in any quantity at one time less than one gallon.

XXXVIII. Provided always, That no person shall be reprove hin'fdf ceived as a surety in such bond, unless he shall prove upon tr.'Ti'd ooltli oath, to the satisfaction of a justice of the peace, that he , I00'- is a house-keeper, and worth one hundred pounds above all

his just debts, and shall obtain from such justice a certificate of his having made proof thereof.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That if any person who shall b'ngfmali'k' be so licensed.as aforesaid to fell spiritous liquors by whole-

sale, shall fell or deliver any spiritous liquors in any quantity (bribed, for- at any time less than one gallon, or if any distiller of fpi-cvcry offence, ritous liquors in Dublin, Cork, Waterford, of Limerick, except distillers of compound, cordial or medicinal waters only, shall fell or deliver any spiritous liquors in any quantity at

any

o

261

The thirty-second Year of George III.

any time less than five'gallons; or if any distiller of spiritous A.D. liquors in any other part of this kingdom, except as afore- 1792-said, shall fell or deliver any spiritous liquors in any quantity at any time less than one gallon, every such person shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of twenty pounds.

XL. And be it enacted, That if any distiller or wholesale dealer in spirits, shall knowingly fell any spirits to an aidiiin, unlicensed retailer, or to any person for the use of an unli- Jy confed retailer, and that the fame be proved to the satisfac- lor?"

1 Cfiikri re-

tion of the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue in Dub- tnikr ui. lin, or of the fub-commissioners of excise of the district where such distiller or wholesale dealer resides, such distiller or wholesale dealer in spirits shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of ten pounds.

XLI. And be it enacted, That no distiller or wholesale N.niaui.

dealer in spirits shall be entitled to, or maintain any cause,

action, or suit for, or recover either in law or equity, any

’ 1 } 1 in an unli

sum of money, or demand for or on account of any spirits m;f«i n-sold to an unlicensed retailer; and in case such distiller or

7 ^ miiicenlcil

wholesale dealer in spirits shall fell any spirits to an unli- mailer may censed retailer, knowing him to be such, such unlicensed rc- diUiikr, Sc. tailer may recover back the value of such spirits so fold, whiilTkow-by civil bill or otherwise, from such distiller or wholesale '"fly-dealer.

XLII. And be it enacted, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures inflicted by this a Cl, other than such as are herein noTr^hS^ before specially appointed to be levied by any magistrate or 10

justice of the peace, shall be applied, one moiety to the first nuyUim-J informer, and the other to his Majesty, and maybe sued for, by’i+s ij recovered, and levied, either in such manner and form, and C‘w‘2 by such ways and means, and with such powers and authorities as any fines, penalties, and forfeitures, inflicted by an act of parliament made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty Charles the second, entitled,

An act for settling of the excise or tieimpofl upon his Majesty, his heirs and successors, according to the book of rates therein in-fried, are thereby appointed or prescribed to be sued for, recovered, levied and applied, as fully and effectually as if the fame were expressed in this act; save that any one of the chief commissioners of the excise shall be, 'and any such commissioner is hereby authorized to hear and determine all informations for any offence against this act, within the juris-

Vol. XV!. ' v U diH.va

262

A.D.

'792. Chap. 19.

like rrmfily of appeal;

forfeitures may be sued for before a magilliate where offence is committed*

Any tua-gillrate may fmnmnn person charged* if guilty, a conviction to be drawn up as follows,

form of con* viflion,

warrant to be Iffned to levy fine, or commit to gaol j

informer a competent wimefs.

The thirty-second Year of George III.

diction of the excise-office of Dublin, not herein before specially appointed to be heard and determined by any magistrate or justice of the peace, and to issue such warrant or warrants for levying such fines and penalties, and for committing the offenders to prison, in cases where by virtue of this a ft, or the said last receited act, offenders may be committed; and that any party who thall think him or herself aggrieved or injured, shall have the like remedy of appeal, as by the said last receited act is provided; or such fines, penalties, or forfeitures, may be sued for, or prosecuted before any magistrate or justice of the peace of the city, town, or other place in which any offence, for which any such fine, penalty, or forfeiture is inflicted, shall have been committed.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any magistrate or justice of the peace, to summon any person charged with any offence against this act, to appear before him, and such magistrate or justice shall, pursuant to such summons, proceed to examine into the charge which shall be made, and if it shall appear by the confession of the party, or by the evidence of one or more witness or witnesses on oath, that such party was guilty of the offence with which heorfhe was charged, such magistrate or justice shall dratv up a conviction in the following form of words, or in any other form of words to the fame effect, according to the nature of the case, that is to say,

County of A.B. is convicted on his or her

own confesston, or on the oath of of hav-

ing fold spiritous liquors in the parijk of in this county, on the day of without being duly licensed thereto.

Given under my hand and seal this day of

And such magistrate or justice shall thereupon issue a warrant tinder his hand and seal, to levy such fine or penalty as the person so convicted shall be subject to, in respect to the offence of which he or she was so convicted, by distress and sale of the goods of such person, or to commit the body of such offender to gaol, in such cases as by this act the offender is to be so committed , and the informer or prosecutor shall be deemed a competent witness to prove the offence.

The thirty-second Year of George III.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That if any person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by the determination of any such magistrate or justice of the peace, it shall and may be lawful for stich person to appeal to the next sessions of the peace for the county, city, or town where such person was convicted, and the determination of the justices at such sessions shall be final and conclusive, and no certiorari shall he allowed for the removal thereof.'

XLV. And be it enacted, That where any person shall he convicted of any offence against this act, as an unlicensed retailer of spiritous liquors, no appeal to be brought by any such person, shall flay or prevent the execution of any warrant or process for the seizure of any goods or chattels of, or committal of such person, unless such person shall with two fuSicient sureties have entered into a bond to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, before any justice of the peace, in the penal sum of double the amount of the fine so incurred, conditioned to pay such fine as shall have been imposed on such person, in case the judgment or conviction for the same shall be affirmed.

XLVI. And be it enacted, That when any fine, penalty, or forfeiture shall be adjudged against any person in pursuance of this act for felling spiritous liquors without license, the same shall not be abated or mitigated.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That in case any action or suit shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons for any matter or thing by him or them done, or executed by virtue or in pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be commenced within three months next after the alledged cause of action shall accrue, and shall be laid in the proper county where such alledged cause of action shall have arisen or begun; and the defendant or defendants in such action may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by authority of this act; and if a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become non-suited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or judgment shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer, or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

3 U 2

Ap"c:il of imbcciilt-d tc'aiU-r mit to ll.i\ esve-

Vtlth.l!,

unKfs j «Wd by 2 iutetieg to a born) for double 1 he fj in-

No abate, mem ot line for fellin): fp-riis u-i:flout licciife.

A&'on, See. for any matter done >n piirlttatii-r of this nft, to

cwn-Tu-ii.e within 3 mom lit. at.d lie laid in |no-percotmn

dtfcnknt tn:y the general iff c.

treble oft* against plaintiff, if non-fuiud, &c.

XLVII!. And

264 I A.D. 1792. Chap. 19.

Each H-confed retailer to be

funildied by

- collector with ,on abdraft of this act, to be kept In a conspicuous part of the iunife, penal* tyjs. per day, one moiety to the poor, ilie

other to the profecuior.

'So much of recited act, as not herein continued, repealed.

This act in force uil-til 2g Sept. 1793.

Clerk of pence, or deputy, tont-tend at fprcral sessions, and do as hciein,

penalty 10l.

fine lo be ell rented, un-Ic fs proof on oath of fulTi-cient cause of absence.

The shirty-second, Year of George III.

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That every person who shall be licensed to fell spiritous liquors by retail, and who shall be furnished by the collector from whom his or her license shall be obtained, with a printed abstract of this act, shall cause such abstract to be hung up, or posted in the most public part of his or her house, and shall preserve and keep the fame so hung up or posted, during the time such person shall continue to fell spiritous liquors by retail, or in default thereof, shall for every day in which such abstract shall at any time be omitted to be so hung up or posted, upon proof thereof before any magistrate or justice of the peace, forfeit the sum of five shilli.ngs, and such fine when levied shall be paid, one moiety to the prosecutor, and the other moiety to the church-wardens of the parish, for the poor thereof.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That so much of the said first receited act, as is not herein before continued, shall from and after the passing of this act be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

L. And be it enacted, That this act shall continue and be of force until the twenty-ninth day of September, one tliou-sand seven hundred and ninety-three, and no longer.

LI. And be it enacted, That the clerk of the peace, or his deputy, shall attend at every special sessions of justices, directed by this act for the purpose of granting such certificates, and shall sign all such certificates as shall be granted at such sessions, and further shall certify to the collector of excise for the district in which such certificate shall be granted, the number of certificates so granted, the name, addition, and abode of the person to whom, and of the justices by whom such certificates shall be granted; and in case any clerk of the peace shall neglect to attend at such sessions in person, or by his known deputy, every such clerk of the peace shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of ten pounds, and any of the justices attending at such sessions may impose the said fine, and the same shall be estreated into his Majesty's court of exchequer, unless such clerk of the peace, or his deputy, shall at the next quarter sessions of the peace prove upon oath, to the satisfaction of the justices there attending, that he was prevented by sickness, or some other sufficient cause.

J, IL And

The thirty-second Year of George III. 263

LII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the A.D. grand juries of the several counties at each assizes, to prd-sent such sura not exceeding the sum of ten pounds, as to Gramijum-; them thall seem reasonable, for the extraordinary trouble of r!,

the clerk of the peace, upon his producing a certificate from *[, |li5 every collector of excise within the county where such pre- P10-1-1*'1 s

4 J 1 emUwaus.

fentments shall be made, that such clerk of the peace hath Continued t t

made regular returns to such collectors, pursuant to this act. 3^ 1'1 *’

36- r.Y

CHAP. XX.

An Act for the Eticrease of Agriculture and Commerce, by establishing a reciprocal Preference in the Corn Trade between this Kingdbm and Great Britain.

WHEREAS a reciprocal preference between this kingdom and Great Britain in the corn trade, will tend to the encouragement of agriculture and commerce; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this- present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the fifteenth day of May, olie thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and so- long as the importation of wheat, wheat meal, or hour, fy'e, barley, bere, or bigg, oats, oat-meal, pease and beans, Indian corn and maize into Great Britain, shall be regulated and ascertained according to the prices of wheat, rye, barley, bere, or bigg, pease, beans, oats unground, and oat-meal, taken quarterly in the manner set forth and specified in the table marked E. contained in an act passed in the parliament of Great Britain in the laftycar, entitled, An act for regulating the importation and exportation of corn, and the payment of the ditty on foreign corn imported, and of the bounty on British corn exported, and no longer, the duties to be paid in this kingdom on the importation of wheat, wheat-meal, or flour, rye, barley, bere, or bigg, oats, oat-meal, pease, beans, and Indian corn or maize respectively, shall be regulated and af-cerfainedin the manner set- forth and specified in the following table marked A. according to the prices-of wheat, rye, barley, here,.or bigg, pease, beans, oats and oat-meal, taken quarterly, as directed by the laws noW in force for regulating the import Vol. XVI. 3 X of

[Preamble.]

From ijth May 1792* so

linga* importation of

wheat, &c.

into Great Britain regulated according to prices marked in fdiednle E, in English ail

I79,i

and m longer,

duties in tin's kingdom to be paid a» m schedule A in lien of all other duties*

26-6

oat-meal.

The thirty-second Year of George III.

A.D.

of corn into this kingdom, and by this present act, and that the '792- duties in the said table shall be paid in lieu of all other dti-ties to be paid or payable on the said several articles rc-spectively, by the laws now in force. b Untinuo If. And be it further enacted, That the prices for regu-average ptSccs dating the importation of corn, meal, and flour, for the pur-ccrnl’and"11 P°^es a(^i pursuant to the said table, marked A. shall from and after the passing of this act be formed and taken cn the average prices of unground corn only, except as to oat-meal, the price for regulating the importation whereof shall be formed and taken on the average price of oat-meal only, all such prices to be formed and taken in all other respects according to the manner directed by the several laws now in force, and by this act for that purpose.

III. And be it further enacted, That quarterly returns shall from and after the passing of this act, be made every quarter of the price of barley, and the duties on the importation thereof, and of Indian corn and maize be regulated and ascertained quarterly for the purposes of this act by the prices in such TCturns, any thing in any law to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That for the purpose of .-regulating tire duties on importation into this kingdom pursuant to this act, the average prices shall be accurately -.struck -without omitting any fractions, any thing in a law passed in this kingdom in the twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for explaining and amending cn cB, entitled, An act for regulating the corn tiade, promoting agriculture, and providing a regular and steady supply of corn in this1 kingdom, and for granting to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the duties therein mentioned, to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That on the importation into this kingdom of any corn, meal, or flour, as of the

Quarterly

-TCturns of price and (lulus on barley, Indian corn and nui/. c.

Averape

piiccs to.be

lu'cmnttly

struck.

On ir:porta t on of coin, I c. fititn 0.

Bii.am, m.sf- growth or production of Great Britain, the master or other having or taking the charge or command of the vessel, in or on board which the same shall be imported or brought,

='wrti- person having or taking the charge or command of the vessel,

i'cati as

shall bring with him a certificate or certificates from the chief officer or officers of the customs in the port where such corn, meal, or flour shall be put on board, expressing the quantity and fort of corn, meal or flour put on board, and mentioned in the bill or bills of lading, with the name or

The thirty-second Year of George III.

names, place or places of abode of the exporter or exporters, and the name or names, place or places of abode of such person or persons who shall have fwora that the corn, meal, or flour therein mentioned, is bona file of the growth or production of Great Britain, and where and to..whom consigned 5 and the matter or other person having or taking the charge of the vessel, importing or bringing in the fame, shall on arrival in this kingdom make oath before the col-Icftor, comptroller, or other chief officer of the customs at the port'in this kingdom where such vessel shall arrive, who are hereby authorized to administer the said oath, that the corn, meal, or flour, brought in the said vessel, is the fame which is mentioned in the said certificate or certificates; on failure whereof such corn, meal, or flour, shall be deemed and taken not to be of the growth or production of Great Britain, but shall be considered to all intents and purposes as corn, meal, or flour, imported or brought into this kingdom from some other foreign country; provided always, that the want of such certificate for meal or flour shall not extend, or be construed to extend to the forfeiture of the ship or vessel, or any of her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, or apparel, on board which such meal or flour shall be laden.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no corn ground, except wheat-meal, or flour, and oat-meal, of British growth and manufacture, and that no malt whatsoever shall from and after the passing of this act be imported into this kingdom from parts beyond the seas, under the penalty of the forfeiture thereof; together with the ship or vessel in which the same shall be imported, with all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel; and the same shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the revenue; the said forfeiture to be sued for, and recovered in such manner, by such ways and means, and with such powers and authorities as are directed and appointed by an act passed in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of King Charles the second, entitled, An act for settling ike exefe or nan impqft on his Majesty, his heirs mid successors, according to the book of rates therein inferied, with the like remedy of appeal as is therein provided.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the importation of corn, meal, or flour, into Great Britain,

5 X 0. shall and to malce oath that the lorn, C. c. is tits fault’,

00 failure, cimfidcttii at foitiLn:

ftiip, fee. not forfeited.

No corn, ground, except Britiftt iriicat-meas and oatmeal, to be imported,

ih;p. fee. forfeited;

forfeiture sued for as by 14. and 15 C l.

If importation into G. Britain be not

268 The thirty-feccnd Year of George III.

regulated on 15 May,

1792^ as by table E. Jm* portations here not to

be regulated by this1 aft. hu^by the laws in force;

shall not begin to be regulated on the said fifteenth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, according to the duties and prices set forth and specified in the table marked E. in the before mentioned act passed in the parliament of Great Britain, the importation of corn, meal, and ilour into this kingdom, shall not begin to be regulated according to the provisions of this act, but shall continue according to the laws in force, until such importation into Great Britain shall have begun to be so regulated; and that

this act in this act shall continue in force so long, only as such imports-MfochrejII? tion shall continue by the said act, or any other act or acts coSeill P»ffed hi the parliament of Great Britain to be so regulated,

G. Britain.

TABLE

TABLE A.

o

It1

05

B

T3

O

P3

o

3

When imported from Britain.

If- under High Duty.

If at, or above But under First Low Duty.

If at, or above

Second Low Duty.

When imported from any Foreign Country.

If under.

High Duty.

If at, or above But under Fi rft Low Duty.

If at, or above

Second Low Duty.

Great

other

Wheat, per Barrel of zo Stones*

Rye, Pease and Beano, per Barrel of 20 Stones.

Barley, per Barrel of 16 Stones.

Here and Bing, per Barrel of 16 Stones.

Oats per Bar rcl of 14 Stones,

Oat-Meal per Hundred "Weight.

I. s. d. /. <7.

I I X . T91 1 ST 2 °ss

0 16 0 >5 2

I II "sV 2 n40 °sr

1 *4 7sV 4 ,30 *ss

0 1 7ttj 0 1 Oj9,

I 14 7 vr a' L3 3tT^ 4 *3?

0 0 0 0

*3 3s"r 3 5s 3

0 16 iifi O 15 2

I 13 3rr 1 3 5if

I 15 I i-rV 5 ®TT

0 1 7r9rJ O 1 O/a

I 15 IiTV 5 6Jx

0 0 3r 1* O 0

/. S. d. /. 3. d.

0 »4 loi O *7 4

0 13 If 0 15 I of

0 14 I of 0 '7 4

0 16 't 0 18 9s

0 0 9r 0 0 '°s

0 16 0 18 9i

0 0 1 f- 0 0 2<r

0 15 Sf 0 18 0}

0 3 7f 0 15 105

0 15 s-3 0 18 °T

0 16 0 *9 6

0 0 9f 0 0

0 16 8f 0. '96

‘ 0 0 i.f 0 0

/. s. d. /. J. 4l.

0 11 2tV O J3 O

0 4 7 STS O 6 lIb

0 11 2rV O J3 O

0 11 )r>3^ O 13 IO|

0 O 8?f O 0 IOJ

0 11 O 13 io|

0 0 i-ils O 0 1ts

0 11

0 4 7irl

0 11

0 12

0 0 8ft

0 12

0 0 . Iftf

V

o

a>

o

Crq

CD

Importation of Wheat-Meal and Fiour of British Growth and Manufacture from Great Britain, to be governed by the Price of Wheat, as follows

Rye ground, Pease and Beans ground, and Malt made of Rye, Pease, or Beans prohibited.

/. s, d.

High Duty per C. Wt. »!« 0 r- o

First Low Duty o i

Second Low Duty 0 0 2

All ground Wheat, Wheat-Meal and Flour, except of British Growth and Manufacture, and from Great Britain, and all Malt made of Wheat prohibited

Importation of Indian Corn and Maize, to be governed by the Price of Barley, as follows:

When imported from Great Britain, or any other Foreign Country.

/. i. d.

High Duty per Barrel o 13 7t

First Low Dhty 0 0 9f

Second Low Duty 0 0 'r

Barley, Bere, or Bigg ground. Indian Corn or Maize ground, and Malt made of Barley, Bere, Bigg, or Indian Corn prohibited.

F5

to

O

Oats ground, and Oat-Meal, not being British Growth and Manufacture, and imported from Great Bri- j-tain, and all Malt made 3 of Oats, prohibited.

O

The thirty-second Year of George III.

CHAP. XXI.

An Act to remove certain Ref mints and Dif.ibiiities therein mentioned, to which His Majestys Subfcis profeffng the Popish Religion are now subjcP.

A.D. 1792.

WHEREAS by an act passed in this kingdom, in Vthe sixth year of Ouecn Anne, entitled, An act to explain and amend an act to prevent papifs being solicitors; and by one other act passed in this kingdom in the first year of King George the second, entitled, An act for regulating the admijfon of barrifers at law,fx clerks, and attornies, and of other persons into ojfces and employments, and for preventing papifs praBifing as solicitors, and for further strengthening the prolefant interest in this kingdom; it is required, that every person who shall apply to be called to the bar, or to be admitted an attorney, or shall take upon him to practice as a folieitor or notary, shall before such application or admis-lion, or taking upon them to practice as aforesaid, take and subscribe the several oaths, and repeat and subscribe the declaration in and by the said acts respectively mentioned or directed: and whereas it is deemed expedient to enable his Majesty's subjects of Ireland, professing the Roman catholic religion to become barristers at law, and to practice as attornies, solicitors, and notaries, upon their taking the oath of allegiance herein after mentioned, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the oaths and declaration in and by the said acts. respectively required to be taken and subscribed by every person who shall be admitted to practice as a counsellor or barrister at law, attorney, folieitor, or notary, shall from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, be no longer required to be taken or subscribed by any person professing the Roman catholic religion, as a qualification to enable "him to be admitted to the bar, or to act as an attorney, folieitor, or notarybut the oath of allegiance appointed to be taken and subscribed by an act passed in

3 Y 2 the

Rccit.d 'll)! AmiCj c. 6.

and of ill Geo. 2. c. 20.

oitlis requir-e1 ro he tak* n, by recited on

admifiioti to the bar, Ac. not reqti'fitc to br taken by Roman

Ctuliolics after June,

1792

oath of allegiance, 13 and Geo. 3. inttrad of laid oatha, to

272 The thirty-second Year of George III.

A.D.

the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his present Majesty’s

'702, reign, entitled, An act io enable his Majesty s subjects of whatever perfuafon to iefify their allegin'- cc to him, shall from h'.’-KrV"-1 and after the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand

fumCi'Hi tl io J J J

by it.iimn seven hundred and ninety-two, be administered, taken, and (.i.mic, fui5fcrj|)cd to, and by persons professing the Roman catholic religion, and defuing to be admitted to the bar, or to become attornies, solicitors, or notaries, in the dead of the said oaths and declaration, and shall be administered, taken, and subscribed in the fame courts, and registered in the same manner as the oaths and declaration, in the room of which the said oath is hereby substituted, -are now by law yiu-ii taken, required to be taken, subscribed and registered, and when ami redder- taken, subscribed and registered, shall for the purpose of equal":(rIS; enabling persons professing the Roman catholic religion to be admitted barriflers, and to practice as attornies, solicitors, and notaries, have the fame effect and operation to all intents and purposes as the taking and subscribing of the oaths and declaration, id the room of which the fame is hereby substituted could have had, any law to the contrary mu qiMbiin! notwithstanding: provided always, That nothing herein con-o!' LC buned shall extend to enable or qualify any person to hold anmcil. or enjoy the place or oflice of king’s counsel.

R«:tai6

II. And whereas by an act passed in this kingdom in the Anne, c. 6. yt.ar cf Oueen Anne, it is enacted, That no attorney

or solicitor shall take, keep, or have any pa pi ft, or reputed anomie*may papist to be his apprentice or clerk; be it enacted, That catbo!;."1 flieill and may be lawful to and for any attorney or soli-c^or to have, keep, or employ as an apprentice or clerk, u-ii, bave ra any person professing the Roman catholic religion, who shall ofalbp- have presiously duly taken and subscribed in his Majesty's a, ILL: court of king’s bench the said oath of allegiance, set out

in the said act of the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his present' Majesty; and that from the passing of word* to lie this act the words following, (to wit:) And that I will not oati! p?i"' a" knowingly take as an apprentice, or employ as clerk or folici-scribed by 7 for^ perj’al} of f/ie popish religion, shall be omitted in the oath required by an act passed in the seventh year of the reign of King George the second, entitled, An act for the amendment of the law in relation to popish solicitors, and for remedying other mischiefs in relation to the praEiilioners in the federal courts of law and equity, required to be taken by

every

The thirty-second Year of George III.

27?

every matter in chancery, fix clerk of the court of chan- A.D. cerv. harrifter at law. attorney. nnH nffieer of any of the r792.

every solicitor.

III. And whereas by the said last mentioned act, it is enacted, that if any person admitted a harrifter, attorney, or solicitor, shall marry any woman of the popish religion, such person shall be deemed a papist, and be disabled from

being a harrifter, attorney, or solicitor; be it enacted, That Barriften, so much of the said recited act be, and the fame is hereby Romai ca-repealed; and that every person so married, or marrying, lll"il‘- wl,e,‘ being otherwise duly entitled may notwithstanding such marriage, continue or be admitted to practice as a harrifter, attorney, or solicitor.

IV. And be it further enacted, That so much of an act Soiiciton. passed in the tenth year of the reign of Icing William the i:gCd7oed'i-third, entitled, An act io prevent papists being Jolid tors, as

enacts that no person shall act as solicitor, agent, or manager tclla"tfc of any suit, who shall not educate his children in the protestant religion, shall not extend to such persons profelfing the popish religion who shall be admitted to act as solicitor, agent, or notary, under this act.

V. And whereas by an act passed in the seventh year Recited of king George the second, entitled, An act for the amend- al'c" meat of the law in relation to popish folidtors, and for remedy-

ing other mischiefs in relation to the probationers in the several courts of lavs and equity: it is enacted, That no person shall be admitted an attorney, or licensed to be a solicitor in any of the said four courts, who shall not have been a protestant from his age of fourteen years, or for two years before his being admitted an apprentice; be it enacted.

That so much of the said act as is herein recited be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

VI. And whereas -by an act passed in the first year of the Recital ill Teign of king George the second, entitled. An act for regulating the admission of barrijters at law, Jix clerks, and attor-

nies, and of other persons into offices and employments, and fir preventing papists praSifing asfolidtors, andfir further strengthening the protestant interest in this kingdom-, it is enacted,

That every person converted from the popish to the protef-tant religion, or born of a popish parent or parents, who from and after the first- day of August, one thousand seven

3 Z

hundred

so much of fan! <t£t repealed a) ia listcin rc-Cited

Redial 21 22 Geo Z. c 31.

ticmei $-

Inal in I In* suns ol aunt

III Ktlgi.illdr

{lu-vio.in to 'ojtti I7';2j m jv f»r entered iDublin. ;ii Imeiii.

The thirty-second Year of George IIS.

hundred and twenty-eight, shall apply to be called to the bar, or to be admitted a fix clerk or attorney, or shall take upon him to practice as a soliciter, or to act as an officer Or deputy officer as aforesaid, shall upon fuc'n application, or before taking on him'to act or practice as aforesaid, prove before the lord chancellor, or the commissioners of the great deal, the two chief justices, the chief baron, the justices of the: one bench and of the other, and the barons of his Majesty's court of exchequer in Ireland for the time being, or any two or more of them, (of which the lord chancellor, or one of the commissioners of the great seal, or one of the said chief justices, or the chief baron for the time being shall be one,) by sufficient witness or witnesses upon oath, which they or any two of them are hereby authorized to administer, that such. person has professed himself and continued to be a protestant for the space of two years, immediately before the time of making’such proof; be it enacted, That so much of the said act as is herein recited, be-, and the fame is hereby repealed.

VII. And whereas by an act passed in the twenty-first and twenty-fcccnd years -of his present Majesty, entitled, An act to regulate the aimijfnn of larrifters at law; it is enacted, That no persons shall be admitted to the degree of a barrifler at lav.-, who shall not have been received and admitted into the society of king’s inns as a student, five years previous to the time of his applying to be admitted 1 to the said 'degree; and it is also by the said act further (fnafted, That no person shall be admitted into the said focietya student, who shall- not at the time of his ad-.million be of the protestant religion: and whereas by the last recited clause, persons professing the popish religion were not capable of complying with or fulfilling finch previous qualification to be admitted to the said degree of barrister '.it law; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person or persons whose names shall have been -entered as a student in any of the inns of court in England, previous to the twentieth day of January, in the year of our lord, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, may and shall be permitted to enter his 'name with the treasurer of the king’s inns Dublin, as of the day on which the certificate of his entry into such English inn of court bears date; and the said treasurer is -hereby authorized and re-

- quired

The thirlj-second Year of George III.

quired to make a special entry for that purpose, on such person or persons producing to him the -find certificate

VIII. Provided always, That all and every person or persons prefeffing the popilli religion, who shall deitre to have his name so entered, shall also produce a certificate of his having taken the oath of allegiance, appointed to be taken and subscribed by the aforesaid act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his present Majesty; and that all apd every person or persons wltofe names shall be entered in the king’s inns Dublin, by virtue of this act, shall be admitted to the degree of barrister at law, in like manner and form as if he had been entered a student in the king’s inns in Dublin, on the day of the date of the said English certificate; and that from and after the passing of this act, so much of the said last recited act as enads, That no person shall be admitted into the said society as a student, who shall not at the time of his admission be of the protestant religion, be, and is hereby repealed.

IX. And whereas an act passed in the ninth year of king William the third, entitled, An act to prevent protestants intermarrying with papijis, and it is no longer necessary to continue the said act in force; be it therefore enacted, That the said act shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed; provided always, That the repeal thereof shall not in any fort nffed any suit heretofore commenced, and now depending, grounded on the said'ad.

X. And be it further enacted, That so much of an act passed in this kingdom in the second year of Queen Anne, entitled, An act to prevent the further growth of popery, as subjects protestants intermarrying with papists, 'either within the kingdom, or in parts without the kingdom, to the pains, penalties, or disabilities inflicted by the said last mentioned act of the ninth year of king William the third, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein, contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to enable any protestant who now is or hereafter shall be married to a popish wife, to vote at any election of representatives to serve in Parliament, other than as he may by the laws in being before the passing of this act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for protestants and persons professing the

3 Z 2 . Roman

Certificate of oath of allegiance laving bee* taken to he produced:

naiu*« entered m DuS-lin, by virtue of this act, admitted as if entered on f.ime date of English certificate:

so much of recited ail as excludes all but pro-tenants from becoming students repealed.

9

3. to prevent intermar-1 ia$c$,repeal* ed':

not to affett fuils now depending.

So mtirh of 2 Anne, c. 6. ai relates to intermarriages, repealed.

Protestants married to popish wives not enabled to vote at

cledlions,

other than as by former laws.

Protestants and Roman catholics may be married

276

A.D.

'7 r-

Chap. 21.

bjr clergymen of the elta-

blifttM

church.

Dissenting mtnillerf. or poptfh priests not antho-rifed (o marry protelfcnts and Koman catholics.

7 Wm to restrain foreign education repealed.

Recital 2! &: Geo. 3.

c dz.

not necessary to obtain a licensc t*» keep school. provided re-q'lifues in Jaitl act aie peifuunat,

So much of $ Aum\ c. 3. a« relates to apprentices.

npealc'd.

The thirty-second Year of George III.

Roman catholic religion to intermarry, and to and for arch-bishops, bishops, and all persons having lawful jurisdiction to grant Iicenfes for marriages, to be celebrated between protestant and persons professing the Roman catholic religion, and for clergymen of the established church, or protestant dissenting ministers, to publish the banns of marriage between such persons, and that clergymen of the established church, or other protestant ministers duly celebrating such marriages, shall not be liable to any pain, penalty, or censure for celebrating the fame, any law to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to authorise protestant dissenting ministers or popish priests to celebrate carriage between protestants of the established church and Roman catholics.

XIV. And whereas it is not any longer necessary to continue an act passed in the seventh year of the reign of king William the third, entitled. An act to restrain foreign education; be it enacted, That the same act be, and :is hereby repealed.

XV. And whereas by an act passed in the twenty-first and twenty-second years of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An nit to allow persons professing the popijk religion to teach school in this kingdom, and for regulating the education of papifs; and also to repeal parts of certain laws relative to the guardianship of their children, it is required, That any person of the popish religion who shall teach or keep school, shall first obtain the license of the ordinary of the diocese, and it is not expedient-any longer to make such license necessary; be it enacted, That it shall not from the passing of this act be necessary that the license of the ordinary shall be obtained, in order to authorise any person of the Roman catholic religion to keep or teach school; provided always, That such person shall in all other respects perform the requisites required by, and conform himself to the said last mentioned act.

XVI. And whereas by an act passed in the eighth year of Queen Anne, -entitled, An act for explaining and amending an ail, entitled. An act to prevent the further growth of popery, it is enacted, That no papist or papists, who are or shall be permitted to follow any trade, craft, or mystery in this

1 kingdom.

TLe thirty-second Year of George III. 277

kingdom, shall take or keep more than two apprentices, and A.D. that for no Iefs a term than seven years; be it enacted,

That so much of the said act be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

CHAP. XXII.

An Act to indemnify such of His Majesty's SuljcBs profejpng the Popifi Religion, as have omitted to take andfttbscribe the Oath and Declaration mentioned in an Act pa[j’ed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, Entitled, An Act to enable His Majestys Subjects of 1ahajhever Persuasion, to tejiify their Allegiance to Him, and to enable such Persons to take and J'ubscribe such Oath and Declaration at any Time before the Fiijl of November next.

WHEREAS by an act pafleit in the seventeenth and eighteenth years of his expired.

present Majesty, entitled, Antidfr the reliefof his Majestys subjects of this lingdotn, proftjfing theptpish religion, and by another act passed in the twenty-first and twenty-second years of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for the further relief f his Mojejlfs subjects of this kingdom, pi'fffing the popifj religion; it is amongst other things enacted, That no papist or person prordTing the popish religion, ll.all take any benefit by either of said acts respectively, unless he or she shall, for the purposes in the said recited acts mentioned, take ami subscribe the oath of allegiance and declaration prescribed by an act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of Ins present Majesty, entitled, An act to enable his Majests subjects of whatsoever perfuafton to tfify their allegiance to him, in some one of his Majesty's four court3 in Dublin, or at the quarter fdlions of the peace for the county of Dublin, or before the going judges of attize in open court-: and whereas many of his Majesty's subjects professing the said religion, have through inadvertence or sickness, omitted to take and subscribe the said oath and declaration within the time so prescribed as aforesaid, and arc thereby excluded from the benefit of the said two recited acts, and are subject to divers penalties and disabilities in consequence of such omission $ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and confem of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament aficmblcr!, and by the authority of the same, That all persons profiling the j.opish Ttligion, who shall on or before the first day of November next, take and subscribe the said cath of allegiance and declaration in some one of his iVIajcfiy’s four couits, at the quarter sessions for the county of Dublin, cr before the going judges of sfiize in open couit, shall be entitled to the benefits of the said two recited acts, of the seventeenth and eighteenth, and of the twenty-iirft and twenty-second of his present Majesty, to aii intents and purposes whatsoever; and every such person v/ho shall take and subscribe such oath and declaration within the time aforesaid, shall be freed and indemnified from all penalties and disabilities, to which he or she may be subject in consequence of such omission as aforesaid, as fully and effecturdly as if such person had taken and subscribed such oath and declaration, in such manner and form as are prescribed by the said recited acts, or either of-them; saving to all persons who have, cr ft.ali have Vcl. XVI. 4 A indicated

27.8

A.D. 1792.

The thirty-second Year of George III.

inflitutcil or crnrrccnced any action or suit in law or equity, previrus to this a!i A.eh right, title, iftatcsnri interest, loth at law ami equity as they had, could, mi-11, or ought to haie had, at. fully to all intents whatsoever, as if this act nmr had been n:adc, any thing herein to the contrary notwithstanding.

CHAP. XXIII.

An Act for the further Encouragement of the Fif cries on the Goafs of this Kingdom.

"Recital 2$ ’O.s-C'35-

27 G.5. to

amend laid act, coniiuu-

cJb> 30 G.3.

‘ houiuie>given by 2; Cl. continued to

25 Mttich 179J, except ns altered by 27th. which is iicrehycotf tinned to 25 Match 1795.

Claimants wholiavt. c.r-

foitnctl

11 quill U

& 27 C.%

it: -t

‘79°

WHEREAS by an act passed in this kingdom in the twenty-fifth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for the further improvement and extenfon of the ffseries on the coast of this kingdom, certain bounties were given, and it was therein enacted, That the said bounties should be paid for and during the space of four years from the first day of February, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, and to the end of the then next session, and no longer: and whereas an act passed in the twenty-seventh year of his Majesty's reign, to amend the said act, was continued by an act passed in the thirtieth year of his Majesty's reign, but the bounties in the said first recited act so amended, Were omitted to be continued; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the several bounties given and allowed by the said first recited act, on conforming to the several regulations therein mentioned, fhalTbe paid until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, except so far as the fame have been altered by the said recited act of the twenty-seventh year of his Majesty's reign, and that the said daft recited act of the twenty-seventh year of his Maieflv’s reign, shall continue and be in force until the said twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five.

II. And whereas many persons may have been induced to incur great expences in prosecution of the fisheries, on a sup-position that the continuance of the said recited act continued the said bounties.- be it enacted, That all persons who have claimed or fnal! claim, to be entitled to bounties

under The thirty-second Year of George III. 279

under the said acts, or either of them, and shall have con- A.D. formed, or shall conform to the fcvcml regulations therein ^79^ prescribed, shall be entitled to, and shall receive the bounties granted by the said act, as fully and cfiednally to all intents and purposes from the first day of February, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, as if the bounties in the said recited act of the twenty-fifth year of his Majesty's reign, as well as the said act of the twenty-seventh year of his Majesty's reign had been continued by the said act of the thirtieth year of his Majesty's reign.

CHAP. XXIV.

An Act for the belter enabling certain Persons to open and work Mines, and to raise Coal, Culm, Minerals and Foffils in this Kingdom, and to open and improve the Harbour of Ark-low, in the County of Wicklow, and to form a Canal from the said Harbour of Arklow, to the Meetings Bridge, and to extend the fame towards the Kilkenny Collieries, and the Glenmalur Mines.

WHEREAS the following persons, viz. Turner Ca-

mac, John Howard Kyan, and John Camac, have h"' already made discoveries of a copper mine, in the county of nian mine Wicklow, and are working the fame under the name and com|ul,lr firm of the Hibernian mine company: and whereas if the said company were irfvefled with the fame powers and privileges of the royal mining company, it would greatly facilitate the carrying on the fame, and encourage the said company to undertake the working of other niines in this kingdom; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons ;n this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That r-iid Kiber-immedialely after the passing of this Aact, the said Hibernian company famine company shall be incorporated under the name and firm if1,'d,'Snw«ed aforesaid, and be invested with the fame powers and privi- 'ml'

1 1 pmvcis as

leges as the royal mining company, as by an act passed in royal mining the thirty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, compi"'y Entitled, An act for the better enabling certain persons to open 1 4. A 2 and

It v.'nnM 'he of ath<in-tnpe to open Atkloiv har-Lionr, ;iml

280 The thirtj-second Year of George III.

a ad -work mines, and to raise coal, culm, minerals and joss Is in this kingdom, and stand invested with, and hold and enjoy all and singular the like powers, privileges, advantages and authorities, in all things whatsoever, for the purposes of working and manufacturing all mines of coal, culm, and of different ores, minerals and fossils, quarries of marble, and a!so all beds of clay, flint, and other matters usually found in the earth.

II. And as it would greatly tend to encouragement of commerce, and the advantage of this kingdom, the opening and improving the harbour of Arklow, and making a canal make a canal, ,or inland navigation from the aforesaid harbour to the meet-

8b herein; c

ings bridge, near Ralhdrum, and extending the fame canal or navigation towards the Kilkenny collieries, and Glcn-company in- malur mines; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

-icQcil with

like pou-us the said I-Iibcrman mine company shall stand, and are hereby -bnlmun'and in^cRcd with, and hold and enjoy all and Angular the c3'"L" Powers> privileges, advantages and authorities in all things, afcrtfiiid, as f0r the purposes of opening the harbour of Arklovt, and

'corporation . 1 1 1 # 0

furpmmi»t!Pg carrying on the aforesaid navigation, as were before the gaik®,""1" ’passing of this act vested in the corporation, for promoting and carrying on an inland navigation in Ireland, and as were anil loVaf1«!' l^ion vt®ec* ‘n the company of undertakers of the grand ca-cempa- nal, and as -were vested in the royal canal company for the ’ -purpose of enabling them to carry on the fame navigation, as by an act passed in the thirtieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for the better enabling the royal canal company to carry on and complete the royal canal, from the city of Dublin to Tarmonbury, on the riper Shannon; amt to make and further, that the said company be, and are hereby emails, as here- p0VVcrct] an(j authorized to make such navigable cut or cuts, from such part or parts of the aforesaid line of navigation, up the Aughrim river towards the collieries, and up the river Avonbeg towards Rathdrum, and the Glenmalur mines; and to open and to open all rivers, and make all such outlets and other ondai^'ciits, ofl-branches, cuts and navigations, reservoirs, passages, dams &L‘- and -weirs in the directions aforesaid, as may by the said Hibernian mine company, be judged necessary for carrying on the said works, and supplying the said navigation and cif-branches with water.

30.000l.

III. And be it enacted, That the joint stock of, the said

Hock, illicit

m.iy in en- company shall be the ium of thirty thousand pounds, to-

ciefdhy

I’uliK'iipiiuii, gciner

The thirty-second Year of George III.

gether with such further sum or sums as the said company at some general meeting shall judge necessary to be raised by subscription, for the purpose of carrying on the said works, which sum or sums when subscribed, shall be added to and become part of the joint stock of the said company.

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the joint stock of the said company shall be divided into shares of one hundred pounds each, and each member find! have a vote for every share he shall hold in the said flock of the said company; and that every ftibscriber or member of the said company may appear either in person or by proxy, such person as shall be appointed as proxy bei.ig a member of the said company.

V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in consideration of the expence, risque and trouble, which the said company shall be put to, in making and maintaining the said harbour and navigation, and the off-branches thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said company, and their successors, from time to time, and at all times hereafter to ask, demand, receive, and sue for to the use of the said company and their successors, the several rates and duties herein after mentioned, (that is to say), for every ship or other vessel entering the said port or harbour, drawing more than five feet water, the said company shall be entitled to levy a toll not exceeding two shillings per ton; and for every boat or other vessel navigating the said navigation and off-branclics, or any part thereof, either upwards or downw-ards, in which any goods, merchandizes, or commodities, or other matter whatever shall be carried, such rates and duties as the said company shall ordain and appoint, not exceeding the fuin of twopence for every mile, for and upon every ton of the burthen or tonage of such boat or other vessel; or for every ten weight on all corn, meal, malt, flour, lime, lime-stone, coal, and culm for the purposes of burning lime, brick, or for houshold purposes; and the sum of four-pence for every other article which shall be carried upwards or downwards, upon' the said navigation, at the discretion of the said company 5 and an additional rate not exceeding t’.vo-pence per ton, for every lock which shall be passed by any such vessel through the communication of the said navigation.

Vol. XVI. 4 B

281

A.D. 1792.Chap. 24.

Stock to bp ibvidi ii into

iO" I. ibmes,

A von iur (.very lliutc

irumbi'if. nuy appear «t> loxich lor

OlIlCIS.

Duties to be pv'ii t.» company.

for every vef* bl (iraw-fft* above 5 bet watei 2s. per ton,

and for every boat, &c navigating canal, &c with goods, &c.

a sum not ex-cc'ding 2d. a mile per tun,

or for ( very Inn of cm 11, &c. as biiein;

ami 41I per ton on cvety

oilier article/

and ad- yer ton per lock.

Chap. 24.

id. p;r mile lor passenger*;

if hereafter a ftim flr.tll be gmntctl by parliament, as herein, no more than 3d. per ton 011 coastin; vessels, and 6d. per ton on other vessels entering the harbour shall be paid, and wharfage as allowed to grand canal company.

Company may ufi* Ark-low bridge, provided they make good any ininry done then to.

If 0 Anther Aim, as herein, shall he gtanted to the rompany, no mure than jyd. per ton per mile, and 2d. per ton per lock, and atl- for each passenger to be paid.

jT'Jje shirt'j-second Year of George III.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said company may in like manner a/k, demand, receive, and fuefor to the use of the said company, for each passenger in any vessel navigating upon the said canal, any sum not exceeding two-pence, for every mile such passenger shall be carried: provided that if at any time hereafter a grant of money shall be made in pursuance of any act or acts of parliament in this kingdom, of a moiety of such sum or sums of money as shall be proved before the commissioners of public accounts to have been expended, which proof they are hereby required to give every year, till the whole work is completed by the said Hibernian mine company, in improving the harbour of Arklow, pursuant to their petition presented to the house of commons this session of parliament, so as that no greater sum of money shall be paid on account of said moiety than the sum of two thousand five hundred pounds, that then and in that case no greater toll shall be taken on any vessel entering the harbour of Arklow, than three-pence fer ton on all coasting vessels, and six-pence per ton on all other vessels, together with such wharfage as is allowed to the company of undertakers of the grand canal, by an act passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for direct~ ing the further application of the sum of two hundred thousand pounds., granted by an act passed in the twenty-ninth year of his present Majesty.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said Hibernian mine company shall be authorised, and are hereby empowered to make use of the bridge of Arklow to erect lluiccs and other works for the improvement of said harbour, provided that they shall make good any injury done to said bridge.

VIII. Provided also, That if at any time hereafter a further sum of one-third of the said company’s expenditure, which shall be proved before the commissioners of imprest accounts, provided the sum shall not exceed the sum of five thousand and sixty-five pounds, be granted to the said Hi-' bernian mine company, for making the aforesaid canal, that then and in that case it may not be lawful for the said Hibernian mine company, to receive a greater toll than three half-pcn.ee per ton per mile, on all goods carried of the canal,

The thirtysecond Year of George III.

nal, and two-pence per ton for every lock, and three halfpence per mile for every passenger.

IX. And whereas great difficulties have arisen to the proprietors of mines, and to companies carrying on the working of mines in this kingdom, from the want of convenient [adages to carry their several ores to any road now in being, and no ad appearing now to be in force empowering grand juries to present for said roads; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That each and every mining company affo-ciated for the purposes of working any mines in this kingdom, shall be empowered to make at their own expence, any road or roads from their respective mines, to the next public road, or to the sea, provided such road shall not exceed two miles; and provided also, that the damages done to any lands through which said road may be carried, shall be valued and paid for to the proprietor or proprietors of said lands, in same manner as-is now by law directed for the payment of damages, in carrying on the royal canal, and subject to such further regulations as are in said act provided.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any suit shall be commenced or prosecuted against any person or persons, for any thing which shall be done in pursuance of this act, such person may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence, and that this act shall be deemed and taken to be a public act.

Mining companies may make roads not exceeding l miles, at their own ex* ptnee;

damage? to he paid for, as for royal canal.

Persons filed for any thing under thib aft, may plead the gc-neial issue.

4 B 2

CHAP.

The thirty-feconH Year of George III.

284

A.D. 1792.

CHAP. XXV.

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual an Act passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of His Majest s Reign, Entitled, Ail AS for the hotter Collection of His Majests Revenue arifng front Forfeited Recognizances, as also an Act passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of His Majests Reign, Entitled, An Act 10 amend an Act passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of His Majests Reign, Entitled, An Act for the better Collection of His Majests Revenue arifng from Forfeited Recognizances, and to extend the Prof ifons thereof, and for enlarging the Time for John Howard Kyan, Esquire, to account pursuant to his Recognizance.

Recital 27 G. 3.

WHEREAS by an act pa fled in this kingdom in the twenty-seventh year of his Majesty's reign, for the more effectually collecting of his Majesty's revenue arising from forfeited recognizances, it is enacted, That the several collectors of forfeited recognizances to be appointed by virtue of the said act, to whom the process of the second summons of the pipe shall be directed, shall have the fame power to levy the debts therein to be comprized, and in executing such process as sheriffs in this kingdom have by law for executing the second summons of the pipe: and whereas doubts have arisen whether such collectors have a power under the said receited act, to summon and impanel juries for enquiries to determine claims of property, in cases where collectors shall seize goods by virtue of the said process, or to enquire and present the lands, tenements, or hereditaments, whereof any debtor of the crown comprized in such process, are or may be seized, possessed of, or entitled unto, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the

Co’lcfiirs

of forfeited Ttvni'nj-

wtomproccft authority of the same, and it is hereby declared to be the

directrd, have /atm; powers to summon anil impnei juries, ami hold enquiries, as ihtf-jiffs.

true intent and meaning of the said receited act, that the several collectors appointed, or to be appointed by virtue of the said act, to whom such process hath been or shall be directed, have the fame powers to summon and impanel

juries,

The thirty-second Year of George III.

vies, and hold enquiries upon the several matters aforesaid, as sheriffs of this kingdom are by law inverted with.

II. And whereas by the said recited act, and also by one other att parted in this kingdom in the twenty-ninth year of his Majesty's reign, to amend the said firrt recited a Cl, and to extend the provisions thereof, it is provided, that the clerk of the pipe shall comprize in the debit of every such collector, the amount of the several forfeited recognizances, and fines levied by him, and shall allow to every such collector the sum of two shillings and six-pence on every twenty thillings which shall have been actually levied: and whereas it is expedient for the furtherance of justice, and the more effectually collecting his Majesty's casual revenue, that the said allowance or poundage heretofore made to the said several collectors should be encreased, be it therefore enacted, That the clerk of the pipe in making out the debit for every such collector, in pursuance of the said recited acts, shall allow to every such collector the sum of three shillings on every twenty shillings, which shall have been actually levied by him, in lieu and stead of the said sum of two shillings and sixpence, directed as aforesaid by the said two recited acts.

III. Provided always, That in case any of such fines and recognizances so levied, shall be reduced or mitigated by his Majesty's commissioners of reducements, that then and in every such case the clerk of the pipe shall not make any allowance or poundage in the said debit for any such reduced fines or recognizances, but that the said poundage or allowance of two shillings and sixpence so provided by the said former acts, shall be paid to such collector by the person in whole favour: or for whose benefit the order of reducement shall be made, which shall be so expressed in such order, and every such collector may accordingly deduct the said poundage of two shillings and sixpence upon repaying the sums so levied, any thing in the said recited acts -notwithstanding.

IV. And whereas by the said recited a Cl of the twenty-seventh year of his Majesty's reign, it is enacted, that every such collector shall within ten days after the end of every term, in which any process directed to him shall be returnable, pay into the receipt of the exchequer all monies with which he shall be chargeable, and shall deposite an acquit-

Von.XVI. 4 C tance

285

A.D. 1792. Chap. 25.

Recital 29 & uO.y

clerk of the pipe ift malt* ini' out the debit of coU leSor, to allow him 3$. on every zos. instead of 2s, 6d. for

money levied by him.

Collector to receive

only 2s. 6(1 poundage* if lines, &e. be ictluced.

'286 The ibirty-second Year of George III.

tance for the fame with the clerk of the pipe: and whereas it will tend to the relief of several persons who may have, or shall inadvertently forfeit recognizances, or on whom fines may be imposed, if the time for payment of such monies should be enlarged, so as to give them an opportunity of applying to the commissioners of reducements for mitigation of such fines or forfeitures, be it therefore enact-Cullcftor, ed, That every such collector shall (in lieu and stead of the idling tviiMn said ten days so provided by the said receited act) within ' pwcfcflrfT months after the end of every such term, in which any be returnable, process directed to him shall be returnable, pay into the re-

to pay tvillim 1 - 1 J

6 months, ceipt of the exchequer all monies with which 'he shall be chargeable, pursuant to this and the said recited acts. clerk of V. And be it enacted, That the clerk of the pipe in ttlgMjut debit' 'making out a debit of any money with which any sheriff offlien#, to ft,ai[ bc chargeable, on any process to him directed, for

allot* 3s. on o’ Jr ’

every 2os. fines imposed on all persons who shall not at the time of

as licrciu. 4 ,

imposing such fines, be committed m actual execution for the fame and forfeited recognizances, shall allow to every such sheriff the sum of three shillings on every twenty shillings Which shall have been actually levied by him, in lieu and (lead of all other allowances to which such sheriffs may have heretofore been entitled to by law.

VI. Provided always, That in case any of such fines or recognizances so actually levied shall be reduced or mitigated, the clerk of the pipe shall not make any allowance or poundage in said debits for any such reduced fines-or recognizances, but that such sheriff shall have the poundage or allowance of two shillings and sixpence, to be received or dedufled by him in like manner as herein before is directed, with respect to the said collectors.

VII. And be it enacted, That no collector or sheriff shall "iroMKnff" l’avc> receive, or be entitled unto any benefit of poundage

Only 28. /Til.

poumlazc to lie allowed to

lluisfh:. if

line?, At. lie

reduced.

No j'O.’ml*

unbf. Cum or allowance on account of his debit, under or by virtue of

juid >i> within i* monili* filler falling

K.vital 2 { fi 24 G.

this act, unless such collector and sheriff respectively shall

pay into the receipt of the exchequer the sum with which he shall be chargeable, within twelve months next after paf-iing his account, in the court of exchequer.

VIII. And whereas by an act passed in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of his Majesty's reign, entitled. An act for granting to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, an additional duty on wine., hides, beer, ale, and other goods and

merchandize

The thirty-fecomi Year of George III. 287

merchandize therein mentioned, and for prohibiting the import a- A.D. tion of all gold and silver face, and of all cambricks and lawns, ,792'* / except of the mamfafhtre of Great Britain, and of all hops, except of the growth of Great Britain and the British plantations, and of all glass, except from Great Britain; the sum of five hundred pounds, amongst other grants, was granted to John Howard Kyan, esquire, to be expended in building a smelting-house and flatting-mill at Ballymurtagh and Cronebawn,

in the county of Wicklow: and whereas by one other act recital 26

1 C. 3. c. 36.

paired in the twenty-sixth year of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for rendering effectual a grant made formerly by parliament for the encouragement of the copper manafadure of this kingdom, it is enabled, That so much of the aforesaid act as relates to the building of a smelting-house and flatting-mill on the lands of Ballymurtagh and Cronebawn, be made null and void, and that the said smelting-house and flatting-mill may be built either on the lands of Ballymurtagh or Cronebawn, without prejudice to the recognizance, entered into in his Majesty's court of exchequer, by the said John Howard Kyan, esquire, and his securities, save with respect to the situation of the smelting-house and flatting-mill as aforesaid, and with respect to the time limited therein for his accounting before the commissioners of imprest accounts, which time was thereby enlarged to the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven: and whereas the said John Howard Kyan hath not yet laid out and expended the said sum of five hundred pounds, or any part thereof, in building the said smelting-house and flatting-mill on the said lands of Ballymurtagh or Cronebawn, in consequence whereof his said recognizance is become forfeited: and whereas the said John Howard Kyan hath proposed, and is willing to lay out and expend in building smelting-houses and flatting mills, kilns, or houses for the purpose of burning ore, and manufacturing copper or copper ore, the sum of one thousand pounds, instead of the said sum of five hundred pounds, provided the time for expending the same shall be enlarged: be it therefore enacted, That if the said John ifJolmHcw-

ard Kyan shall

Howard Kyan, Ins heirs, executors, or adminntrators, shall on on or la-fore or before the first day of May, which will be in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, lay out and ex~ herein ^nd pend the sum of one thousand pounds in building smelting- ac"JJt(/or ;t houses and flatting-mills, kilns, or houses for the purpose of months after, 4 C 2 burning

»88

A.D.

his tecogni* zance shall be void*

smelting-house, Sec, to be constructed a9 herein.

[Preamble.]

vice trcnfu-rcr to give dckentmt) ior tyccol. at percent, to loyal ca-nit company lor making

oii'p.iny to cvpuui of tJuir own mom y an

tipi.i! i

The thirty-second Year of George III.

burning ore, and manufacturing copper or copper ore, and shall duly account for the fame, according to the course of the exchequer, before the commissioners of imprest accounts, within six months next after the said last mentioned day, that then and in such case the said recognizance, and all proceedings had thereon, shall cease, determine, and be absolutely null and void, any thing therein or in the said recited acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding; provided that such smelting-house, kiln, kilns, or houses for the purpose of burning ore, or of 'manufacturing copper or copper-ore, shall be covered and so constructed with proper receivers, as to prevent the pernicious effects of the fulphu jeous vapour.

CHAP. XXVI,

Jin All for enabling the Royal Canal Company, to make Decks on the North Side of the River Liffey, under certain Conditions.

WHEREAS the making of floating and graving docks for the building, safe lying, and repair of fiiipping, will be of great advantage to the trade of this kingdom.; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That debentures to the amount of twenty-three thousand pounds and no more, bearing an interest after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, be issued by the vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, paymaster or paymasters-general, his or their deputy or deputies, to the royal canal company, for making, completing, and finishing floating and graving docks, for the safe lying, building, and repair of shipping at the proposed termination of the royal canal at the river liffey, pursuant to their petition presented to the house of commons the last session of Parliament: provided that no debentures shall be issued to the said company,- unless they shall actually have expended of their own proper money, on the said floating and graving docks, and on the quays and wharfs lidonging to the fame, a sum equal to the full amount which x they

The thirty second Year of George III.

they shall demand of the public money, and that the said company shall not be entitled to receive a debenture or debentures for any part of the said sum of twenty-three thou fund pounds, until proof shall be made by, or on their behalf, before the commissioners of imprest accounts, of the expenditure of a sum equal to the full amount of the sum for which they shall demand one or more debentures pursuant to this act.

II. Provided also, That when the said company shall have expended of their own proper money, the sum of seven thousand five hundred pounds, upon the said floating and graving docks, wharfs, and quays, and shall have made proof of the expenditure thereof, before the commissioners of imprest accounts, that then tire said company shall receive debentures for the said sum of seven thousand five hundred pounds, part of the said sum of twenty-three thousand pounds; and that when the said company shall have expended the Iaft mentioned bounty or sum of seven thousand five hundred pounds, for which debentures shall have been issued as aforesaid, together with a further sum of fifteen thousand five hundred pounds of their own proper money, and shall within two years from the first day of November, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, finish the said docks, containing accommodation for the safe lying of three hundred fail of fca vessels, with a supply of sixteen feet depth of water at the least, and shall have made proof before the commissioners of imprest accounts, of the expenditure of the several Aims herein mentioned, and of the completing of the said works in length, breadth, and situation, agreeably to their plan laid before the house of commons the last session of Parliament, that then the said company shall receive debentures for the further sum of fifteen thousand five hundred pounds, to complete the sum of twenty-three thousand pounds herein before mentioned.

no debenture to be issued until a sum equal thereto has bc.n expended.

When company shall have expend* ed 7,500l. debentures may be issued to them, to that amount;

when last mentioned 7,500!- and 15,500). of their own money shall be cxpeiided, and docks finifti* ed within z years from iftN'ov.!7$z, for 300 fail, and 16 feet of water, agreeable to their plan, debentutes may be Killed for 15,500l.

III. And be it enacted, That if any other company or Oilier cura,

1 panics to

undertakers of any canal, to whom debentures for any sum whom de-are in like manner to be issued on completing any dock in t«h«a?ue? any manner prescribed by law, and within any certain time,

shall complete the same in such manner as is prescribed with cma!ntimc'

r 1 mav receive

respect to the fame, on or before the said first day of No- debentures vember, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, such completed o« Vo l. XVI. + D company Nov- *754'

if the whole .15,5001 be notexpended, ^debentures equal to 1 moiety only, of fiim ex* nctuled, shall the ilTutd to company.

"Rates here-after mentt-oiicd, to be paid for every vessel coming into, or going out of docks.

or lading or unlading goods therein

for every Iriili vessel coming into floating docks fid. per ton; upon all others 1$. per ton; upon nil fltipj tiling graving docks, fame rates ns at Xiierpool;

The shirty-second Year of George III.

company or -undertakers, shall upon performing the requisites by law prescribed for obtaining such debentures, receive the same in the same manner as if such docks were finished within the time originally prescribed for that purpose.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if the whole of the said sum of fifteen thousand five hundred pounds, shall not be expended on the finithing of the said works, to be performed by the said royal canal company, that then and in such case the said company shall only receive debentures as aforesaid, equal to the amount of one moiety, or half of such part of the said sum of fifteen thousand five hundred pounds, as shall appear to the commissioners of imprest accounts to have been expended on the said works, it being the true intent and meaning of this act, that the said royal canal company shall actually have expended of their own proper money, a sum equal to the full amount for which they shall demand or receive of the public money, and shall prove 'before the commissioners of imprest accounts, the expenditure of a sum equal to the full amount for which one or more debentures shall have issued as aforesaid, before they shall be entitled to receive any debenture pursuant to this act, upon any further application.

V. And be it further enacted, That in consideration of the great charges and expences of making, building, erecting, and providing such floating and graving docks, quays, wharfs, and works, and supporting, maintaining, and keeping the fame in repair, there shall be payable and paid to the said royal canal company, or to their collectors or deputies for their use, for every ship or vessel coming into, or going out of the said docks, or unlading or putting on shore, or lading or taking on board, any goods, wares, or merchandize, within the said docks, by the matter or commander, owner or owners of every such ship or vessel, the several rates and duties hereafter particularly mentioned and described, that is to say, for every Irish ship or vessel, coming into the said floating docks, on the burthen or tonnage of such (lup or vessel, a sum or rate not exceeding six pence per ton, and upon the burthen or tonnage of all other ships or vessels coming into the said floating 'docks, a sum or rate not exceeding one (lulling per ton, and upon the burthen or tonnage of every ship or vessel coming into, or

3 using

The thirty-second Year of George III.

using the said graving docks, such graving docks, rates, and payments as are paid or received for the like purposes, for the entering of any thip or vessel into, or tiling the graving docks at the port of Liverpool, and that all goods, E00l|s ]ao,iea wares, and merchandize, which shall be landed or discharged "‘dischnrstd

*' at quays or upon any of the quays or wharfs belonging to the said wiwif of floating docks, to the extent of forty feet from the edge of asiietein, to the water, and no further, on the north and weft quays of the fame, shall be charged and chargeable with the like homlon; rates of wharfage, and payments as are usually taken or received for any goods, wares, or merchandize, loaded or discharged upon any quays or wharfs at the port of London, which several rates and duties shall be, and are hereby rates reflni vested in the said company) as their ow'n proper monies, and to and for their own proper use and behoof, for the put-poses aforesaid.

VI. And be it enacted, That the said royal canal company, and every other company or undertakers of any canal, by whom any such docks are to be made, shall respectively be, and Hand invested with, and shall hold and enjoy all and *c format-

J me docks,

singular the like powers, privileges, advantages, and autho- fcc. rities in all things, for the purpose of valuing by juries, and purchasing all such lands, tenements, and hereditaments, as may be from time to time necessary to be used and taken in for the purpose of making all such docks, wharfs, and quays, as are to be made by them reflectively, and for making, carrying on, managing, and regulating the fame, as are now vested in them respectively, for the purpose of valuing by juries, and purchasing lands, tenements, and hereditaments, necessary for making any canal under their direction respectively, and for making, carrying on, managing, and regulating the fame; and that all and every the several sr0Umls, Sx. grounds, tenements, and premisses, situated in and upon the north lots in the county of the city of Dublin, which may «<tot

y ' in companf,

now are or shall be legally vested in the said royal canal maybeufed company, shall Hand so vested in the said company, for hire!*"1* the use and purposes as well of the said floating and graving docks, as of the said royal canal, and the said company are hereby empowered to make use of, and apply such grounds, tenements, and hereditaments, for the purpose of making said floating and graving docks, wharfs, quays, store-4 D 2 houses,

All companies making docks commumcalinjr with the Lif* fey, may make fluiccs and locks as liercin;

and raise the loads,

and make bridges, few* xrs, dec.

compensation to perfoti* in* jured, shall be made by company, by verdict of a jury.

Company may alter docks with consent of lord lieutenant;

not to he of left extent or depth than

aforesaid.

The thirtysecond Year of George III.

houses, locks, basons, and other conveniencies, as well as for the purposes of the said royal canal.

VII. And be it enacted, That the said royal canal company, and every other company or undertakers of any canal making such docks as aforesaid, communicating with the river Lifiey, be and are hereby empowered to make all such Unices and locks in and through the walls, separaling the grounds where such docks are to be made, from the said river or the sea, to the level of the bottom of the said river, and to raise to the height of the banks of the said docks, such parts of the prefen t roads as run near or through - the said grounds, as may be necessary so to be so raised, and to make such bridges as may be necessary for the convenience and accommodation of the public, and aK such sewers and drains for the discharge of water, as they may judge necessary to be made; and in case any proprietor or occupier of any of the said grounds, shall think himself damaged or injured by the making of any such sewers or drains, every such proprietor or occupier shall be paid by such company or undertakers, as shall require to make the fame, so much as the value of such damage or injury shall amount unto, the same to be ascertained by the verdict or verdids of a jury or juries, to be impanelled and sworn in the same manner, and with the fame powers and authorities in every respect relating thereto, as such company or undertakers are empowered to do with respect to ascertaining the value of any grounds or tenements, necessary to be purchased for the purpose of making any such canal or dock, and upon payment of the value of such damage or injury, such company or undertakers, and all persons ailing under them, shall (land discharged from all claims and demands on account thereof.

VIII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said royal canal company, by and with the consent of the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, to be testified under his or their sign manual, to make any addition to the said docks, or any alteration in the manner of constructing the fame, which may be thought expedient; provided that the said docks shall not be of less extent or less depth than aforesaid, and that such docks shall occupy

an

The thirty-second Year of George III. 293

an canal space or quantity of ground, which it is now in- A.D. tended that the same shall occupy. Cha^aV

IX. And be it enacted, That any vessel entering the said docks, and remaining therein for upwards of three months,

shall at the expiration of the first three months, be liable commence-

1 ment of every

lo, and shall pay to the said company dockage a second 3 months, time at the rates aforesaid, and so on from time to time on the commencement of every succeeding three months, so long as such vessels shall remain ir. said docks.

X. And whereas the fund on the part of the said royal canal company,- for making the said docks, hath been raised by subscription from certain of the members of the said company! be it enacted, That no advantage or profit to Advantages arise from the said floating and graving docks, wharfs, and faCy quays, shall accrue to any member who hath not subscribed, s°to,fucl1

1 J 4 t members only

or shall not have subscribed towards the making and finish- assubscribe ing thereof, or who shall not have paid the sum or sums captions'* by him subscribed, and that all such advantage or profit t, Ktc"'ll<, shall accrue and go to such of the members of the said company, their executors, administrators, or assigns, as have subscribed or shall have subscribed to the making and completing of the said docks, wharfs, and quays, and paid their respective subscriptions.

XI. Provided always, That nothing in this a A contained, Canal boats, shall extend or be construed to extend to charge any boat,

barge, or lighter, deemed a canal boat, barge, or lighter, carrying goods from the said canal into the river Liffey, or locfcn.it carrying goods from the river Liffey, up the said canal to ingham lock! any distance above the lock on the said royal canal, next p°rJp0yrl°", m below the lock, commonly called Buckingham lock, with «f"'l"cks

’ 1 above duckt,

any further or other toll or duty for entering or passing through any locks, than in the fame proportion that such boat, barge, or lighter, shall or may be liable to pay to the said company for passing the said canal, for any distance or number of locks above said docks.

XII. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained, Not to .(Tea shall assess any action or suit already commenced in law or comm^need^ equity.

4 E

CHAP.

The tUrty-second Year of George III.

294

A.D.

<T792-

CHAP. XXvn.

An Act for the employing at hard Labour, Persons sentenced to be transported.

VitimWc. WHEREAS it might 'tend to reform and render W useful members of society, persons sentenced to be transported, if such persons were compelled under proper rules and government, to work at useful trades, or to labour according to their fltill and ability; 'be it therefore-enabled by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Lord lieu- authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the 1°^ lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of I'oufM for tb's kingdom for the time being, to appoint one or more reception of house or houses for the reception of persons under sentence

pci foils under , - r r

ruieoftrjnf- or rule of transportation, or pardoned on condition of trans-undmuyhy -portation, to be called penitentiary ’houses; and that it shall warrant ui- and may be lawful for the lord lieutenant or other chief

rest Inch per- J

fonstniiccon- governor, by warrant under his hand, to order and direct ’ at his will and pleasure, any person or persons now in this kingdom, under sentence or ’rule of transportation, or hereafter to be under such sentence or rule, or pardoned, or to term of con- be pardoned on condition of transportation, to be confined tocxcvrJt'liat ’n an)' Aich penitentiary house, for any -term not exceed-taft!r|ur in§' the term ^or which such person shall be at the time howto be %ning such warrant under rule to be transported, there 'employed. be kept at labour or employment, in such manner as the keeper of such house shall think most fniterl, to render such persons indufirious and useful members of society.

Lord lien- -II. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to order11 tch and for the lord lieutenant or other chief governor, at any

MnouVto'0 l'lmc> by warrant under his hand, to order any persons the common confined as aforesaid, in any such penitentiary house, to be tmoipoumi. removed from thence to the common gaol, and to be transported for the residue of the term of transportation, according to the sentence or rule against him, as if he had never been committed to the penitentiary house.

HI. And

The thirty-second Year of George III. 295

III. And be it enacted, That if any person confined in A.D. any such penitentiary house, shall escape or depart from

such penitentiary house, without the order of the lord lieu- Cctfons wi,0 tenant or other chief governor of Ireland, before the time ^nll’enilarr for which he or file was tinder sentence or rule of iranspor- if tation be expired, and be found at large in this kingdom, such person being duly convitied thereof, shall suffer such portatiuu. punishment as a person duly transported and returning to this kingdom, is now by latv liable to fuller.

IV. And be it enacted, That if any person shall receive iVr(bns«ii, any person duly confined in such penitentiary hoafe, or alfift

in breaking open the fame, in order to free any person therein duly confined, or shall nflift any person so duly con- jwniWjuy fined in making his escape therefrom, the person so offend- fuller death, ing ‘being duly convitled, shall be considered guilty of felony, and suffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy.

CHAP. XXVIII.

An Act further to promote the building of New Churche

WHEREAS by an att passed in this kingdom in the RccluI3J thirty-third year of the reign of his late Majesty G.j. c. u. King George the second, entitled. An act for reviving and amending an act passed in the twenty-third year of his present Majesty s reign, entitled. An act for amending, continuing, and snaking snore effectual the several acts norm in force in this kingdom, for the more easy recovesy of tythes, and other ecclesiastical dues of /mail value, and also for the more easy providing a sr.aintessance for parish clerks, so far only as the fame selatcs to the more easy providing a maintenance for parish clerks, and to encourage, the building of new churches; all persons seized in fee-simple, fee-tail, or for life, with immediate remainder over to his, her, or their own issue, of any land whereon any new church is intended to be built, are enabled to grant by deed, such land not exceeding one acre to the churchwardens of the parish wherein such new church is intended to be built, for a site of such new church and church yard:

' a

and whereas it femetimes happens that the persons seized as aforesaid, cf lands on which such new churches arc in-4 E z tended

296 The thirtj-feccnd Year of George III.

A.D.

tended to be built, are under the age of twenty-one years.

1792- by reason whereof such conveyances cannot be marie, and the building of such new churches is delayed, to the great

inconvenience both of the parishioners and the owners and

dwellers on such lands; therefore be it enacted by the King’s

most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent

of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the

Guardian, fame, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the guar-

acreto"ntI ^ian testament or deed, or the guardian appointed by the church-war- court of chancery, of any infant seized as aforesaid, by deed duns rn huild ' '

a new church in the.name and on the behalf of such infant, to grant to

yarduli^'11 ' the church-wardens of any parish in which a new church shall be intended to be built, and their successors, one acre of the land of such infant for the site of a church and church yard, in the same manner, and as effectual as such infant is by the said act enabled to do, if of full age.

CHAP. XXIX.

An Act to prevent Abuses in the Collodion of Tolls.

"Preamble. "T T WHEREAS corporations frequently authorize personsof ’ little or no substanceto collect tolls, to which they claim to be entitled: And whereas such toll-gatherers compel many persons to pay tolls to which such corporations are not entitled by law, and when suits have been instituled against such toll-gatherers for such exadions, by the persons aggrieved thereby, such toll-gatherers have been defended: by, and at the expence of such corporations, and after judgment had been obtained against such toll-gatherers, they have run away, and the plaintiffs have been left without any redress for the injury they sustained; to prevent such practices for the future, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of- the *Prom id May fame, That from and after the first day of May, one thou-

179*, vviurn 4

toll gatherers land seven hundred and ninety-two, as often as any toll-fuMofe'per- gatherers shall seize or detain any goods or merchandizes, m"y"4piy7o for or upon account of any tolls claimed by a corporation, it shall

The thlrty-second Year of George III. 297

/hall and may be lawful to and for the person or persons A.D. who Avail think himself or themselves aggrieved thereby, to apply to the mayor or chief magistrate of such corporation, chief im;,if. to be informed whether such toll-gatherer has acted under .'matiu!' & the authority of such corporation or not, and such mayor lleri:"l or chief magistrate is hereby required to give a certificate thereof to the person or persons so applying; and in case(fmJyorrt_ such mayor or chief magistrate shall refuse to give such cer- f"re8a«'G-

y , 0 caltf, or certt-

tmeate, or shall certify that such toll-gathcrcr has acted under that toil-the authority of such corporation, then it (ltall and may be SukVcurfo'-'1 lawful to and for the person or persons who shall think himself or themselves aggrieved thereby, to join the treasurer or &a‘!'ercr "!ir

J be joined m

chamberlain of such corporation with such toll-gatherer, in inunaction, any action or replevin which he or they may be advised to bring; and in case he or they shall obtain judgment in such tike remedy action or replevin, by default or otherwise, he or they shall have the like remedy against such treasurer or chamberlain, l,e'lain> aa

J ° agamlt tuU-

as against such toll-gatherer, and such treasurer or chamber- gatherer;

lain shall not be permitted to plead ;loncepit in such action or "mnapU:

replevin; and in case such mayor or chief magistrate shall

certify that such toll-gatherer did not cxadl such toll under under cori>"'

ration, may

the authority of such corporation, then it shall and may be iw proiicnred lawful to prosecute such toll-gatherer for a misdemeanor, as a person raising money upon the subject without lawful authority.

CHAP. XXX.

An Act for improving and keeping in Repair the Post Roads of this Kingdom.

FOR the better conveyance of his Majesty’s' mails by mail-coaches, and the greater security of persons tra- ¥> veiling therein; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it grand juries shall be lawful for the grand jury of every county, county of a city, or county of a town, at any assizes held after the passing of this act, to present any new road to be laid out in n m r«* r 0 1 -it l cc for

such county, to be made of any width not greater than fifty- nortc-wig

Vol. XVI. 4 F two

A.D.

’79--Chap. .30.

; thi' Ml -ncc

lictwan Cull lln and j>ulk . towns,

or avoiding I'liilh, &c.

t

and prefcfit, M films oeccffary,

rot exceeding fid. per perch for layinpout. and is 61l. per path for fence.

No such preferment to be made until an affi* davit Hull be made, as hove-

what the affi. tlavii i» to set :foith.

'No money

' to be piefent*

ed until affidavit Hull be made by 2 persons, as . herein.

The thirty-second Year of George III.

two feet, nor less than forty-two feet in the clear, for the purpose of (liortening the distance between the city of Dublin, and any poll town to which his Majesty's mails are at present conveyed, or shall hereafter be conveyed; or for avoiding any hill or precipice, or otherwise rendering the communication between the said places more safe and convenient; and also to present all such sums of money as shall "be necessary for laying out the fame, and making fences thereto, not exceeding the rate of six-pence by the perch for laying out, and one shilling and six-pence for each perch of fence, to be raised off the county at large, or the barony or half-barony, county of a city, or county of a town, in which the same shall be situate.

II. Provided always, That no presentment shall be made at any assizes for laying out any such new road, unless it shall appear to the grand jury by affidavit of one credible person, sworn before any justice of the peace, that a map of such intended new road has been deposited with the trea-furer of the county twenty-one days at lead before the commissiom day-of such assizes, and that a notice Petting fforth that- application is intended to be made at such affixes for such.new read, riiflinguishing every town-land andbarony,

or half-barony, through which the fame is proposed to be laid-out, and tile number of perches it is to be made in: length, through each town-land, has been personally served upon, or left at the house of each occupier of the land through which such new road is proposed to be made, and that a like notice has been also polled on the door of the county court-house, twenty-one days at the lead before such commission day.

III. And be it further-enacted, That no money shall be ' presented for-making any such new road, -unless an affidavit

sworn by two credible persons, who can read and write, before any ttvo justices of the peace, in the following form, be first laid before the grand jury.

Foni of County of

-affidavit.

of

uni of

do swear, that it will require the sum of to make perches of the new road proposed to be

hud out, (or laid out as the case may he) f om the poji town of to the pof town of

4

between

The thirty-second Year of George III. 299

between end all in the barony A.D.

or half-barony of in this county,

feet wide in the clear of all ditches, banks, drains or fences,

ani feet wide at the leaf, with gravel or /mail fones,

being at the rate of by the perdu which ftm is a

reasonable charge to the bef of their judgment and belief.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no money shall be No m°n'y

10 be paid on

paid by the treasurer of any county, on account of any such account of presentment, unless an affidavit of one of the overseers thereof, sworn in like manner, or before one of the judges of assize, in the form following, be first laid before the grand f laiJMwc jury, and delivered by them with the quere book to the court;

was Form of

#, aISda.it.

ses to

County of 7 whereas the sum of

j presented at

make perches of a new road, from the pof town

of to the pof town of

between and ' feet wide in the clear of

all ditches, banks, drains or fences, and feet wide at

the leaf, with gravel or fnallfones, all in the barony or halfbarony of Now I

do swear, that I have faithfully and honesty expended the sum of in making perches of the said road, and that every part of the said perches, is

feet wide in the clear, between the ditches, banks, drains or fences, and is safe and level throughout the whole of the said width, for carriages to pass and repass on, and that feet at the leaf, of the said width, is made with gravel or shall fones, and that every part of the said work was fhified two clear days before the commission day of the present assizes.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Grandjo-any grand jury as aforesaid, to present any part of any old fcntoUpost road leading from the city of Dublin, to any post town on j'’c, which his Majesty's mails are at present, or hereafter shall be wlllL'1’ "1>llsJ

% r . are conveyed.

conveyed, to be widened to any width not exceeding fifty-two feet in the clear, and not less than forty-two feet.

VI. Provided always, That no such road shall be present- Affidavit of ed to be widened to the width aforesaid, unless it shall ap- win! before pear to the grand jury, by affidavit of one credible person, ^!nt

4 F 2 ' ftvorn

3oo A.D.

m2-

Gup. 30.

wii;t ti i'ce

fiull let lonh.

Grand jurcs may present nectflar) fmrs for Avid: mug nwis, as vfual;

Vf ml* herein

may he omitted.

Grand jury may piefent the whole width, or part of the road to be made

number of feet to he >n* fetted in the blank.

Grand juries may pre-

The thirty-fcconcl Year of George III.

sworn as aforesaid, that notice has been personally served upon, or left at the houses of the several occupiers of the ground into which the fame is to be widened, twenty-one days at least before the commission day of futh assizes, fitting forth the intention to apply for such presentment at such assizes, and that a difiindl and accurate map of such part of the road, specifying the part to be widened, the fide on which it is to be widened, and the size and (filiation of every house thereon, and of all walls built with lime and done or brick, as may be necessary to be removed for the purposes of such widening, has been deposited with the treasurer of the county, twenty-one days at least before such commission day.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any grand jury as aforesaid, to present all such sums of money as may lie necessary for such widening of any such road, to he raid'd off the county at large, or the barony, half-barony, county of a city, or county of a town, upon the like affidavit, and subject to the like mode of account as is now 'prefiribed by law, respecting presentir.ents for widening Toads, except only that the following words may be omitted in the affidavit to be laid before the grand jury for grounding the presentment, viz. and that no part of the jhid perches is twenty-one feet wide in the clear of ditches, drains or fem es, and enclosed on both fides with walls built of lime and stone or brick five feet high.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in every presentment for making any such new road, or repairing any such old one, the grand jury may present the whole width of the road, or so much thereof as they shall think proper, to be made with gravel or small fioncs; and that in the blank in the affidavit fqr accounting to be sworn by the overseer, which is to specify the number of feet in width at the least, so made or repaired with gravel or small (tones, such width so presented shall be inserted.

IX. And whereas great danger arises to persons travelling by night in the said coaches, or otherwise, from the drains or trenches of the fences on the (ides of roads, and it would tend very much to the safety of travellers if the backs or banks were turned towards the road, and the drain or trench to the fields > be it therefore enacted, That wherever

the

The thhij-fcpnd Year of George III.

the drain or trench of any ditch shall be situate next to any part of any public road whatsoever, whether the fame be a post road or not, it shall be lawful for any grand jury as aforesaid, to present such sum or sums of money to be raised as aforesaid, not exceeding one shilling and six-pence by the perch, as may be necessary for filling up such trendies or drains, and making a sufficient fence instead thereof.

X. Provided always, That an affidavit sworn- as aforesaid, by any two credible persons who can read and write, be first laid before the grand jury, in the form following;

301

A; D.

1792-Chap. 30.

ftfni for ft! -ling up (It.r’nr*. Arc. in publick loads, not to exceed IS 6l. per pctch.

An a/BJa-, vit of 2 cic-f dibit? persons to be iirlt laid before grand j«*7-

of . , and

of do swear, that ihey have measured

perches of the road from the town of town of between and

all in the larony of in this county, and that

' perches of the drains, or trenches of the fences thereto, immediately adjoin the said road, without any back or bank between them and the road, and it will require the sum of to fill up the fame, and make a sufficient

fence, with a trench or drain on the field-fide thereof, being at the rate of by the perch, and that the said sum is

a reasonable charge, to the befi of their judgment.

Form of , affidavit.

to the

XI. Provided also, That no money shall be paid on ac- Monty ,t count of any such presentment by the treasurer of any coun- a^J’a'lEda-" ty, unless an affidavit sworn as aforesaid,' or before one of y1'? foll,ow'

' ing form be

the judges of assize, by one of the overseers who can read laU before

nirv

and write, in the following form, shall be laid before the J grand jury, and by them delivered with the quere book to the court;

Whereas the sum of was prefenled at.

affixes for filling up . perches of ditches on

fide of the road from the town of to the town

of between and

all in the barony of in said county, and making

a fuss deni fence with ike trench or drain on the field-fide thereof, instead of thffie that may he destroyed. Now I one of the overseers., do swear that I have faithfully and honest-ly expended the said sum in filling up the said perches of ditches, and in making sufficient fences instead ofthofie that are destroyed, Vol. XVI . 4 G and

luJ.c a.hj. lay (jj George III.

and that the said perches of ditches have keen completely filed, and the hacks are turned to the road in every part of the said perches, and that there is a fijfcient security to preserve travellers from danger, arising from the drains or trenches; and that there is a sufficient passage for the water in every part thereof.

Trtafnrcr

XII. And be it further enaflefl, That no money shall be unlfethefol- Pa'd by the treasurer of any county, county of a city, or l"*i,njrwords connjy of a town, on account of any ditch to be made in

arc imc?tc<l # . - J

pursuance of this act, unless the following w’ords shall he ’ inserted in the affidavit to account, appointed to be sworn words io lie by the overseer, viz. and wherever the fence Jo ereffed is a mfirted. ditch that the hack or bank thereof is finale next the road, and the drain or trench next the fields, and that the width of the road is not thereby diminished.

XIII. And whereas great inconvenience arises from channels, for the conveyance of water across roads being left open, and carriages arc thereby greatly delayed, and fre-

Overfrcno questly injured: be it therefore enacted, That no money L'illi shall be paid on account of making or repairing any road w7i"riofs 'v'thin the description of this ail, unless the following words iii: road. shall be added to the affidavit to account, to be sworn by one of (lie overseers, viz. and that there is no open cut or channel for the conveyance of water across the surface of the find read, in any part of the find perches.

Gur.djn-

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful frnt lor low- for any grand jury as aforesaid, to present to be raised on amu'i'i!-!- ^1C county at large, such sum or sums of money as may

liolimvs. |,c necessary for lowering any hill, or filling up any hollow, or both, on any, of the roads aforesaid, leading aireflly from one post-town to another poll-town, for the purpose of rendering such road more safe and convenient for carriages.

No such

XV. Provided always, That no such presentment shall SoMsaSl be made, unless an affidavit sworn by two credible per-behiVbcfore ^ons can read and write, before tvvq justices of the jury. peace, be laid before the grand jury, setting forth that the sum required is a reasonable charge, and that thy lowering such hill, or filling up. such hollow, cr both,

The thirty-fecotid Year of George I'll.

i, as the case may be) is necessary to the heft of their judgment, for the ease and convenience of carriages travelling the said road; and that the said road cannot in their opinion be conveniently changed, so as to avoid such hill or hollow, without incurring a greater expcr.ee, or causing a considerable encrease of length in the said road, (as the case may be,) which latter part after the words travelling the said road, may be omitted in the affidavit, if a presentment for laying out any new road, whereby such hill or hollow might be avoided, has at any time previous thereto, been applied for, and refused by the grand jury, or not fiated by the court, or if fiated has not been carried into execution.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no money shall be paid by the treasurer of any county, on account of any such presentment, unless an affidavit of one of the overseers thereof, sworn in like manner, or before one of the judges of afftze, in the following form, be first laid before the grand jury, and delivered by them with the querc book to the court.

ri what calc the latter part of affidavit ninv be omit' ted.

Treasurer not to pay on account of such presentment, unlefa affidavit as follows, flinll be laid before jury, &c.

County of 1 Whereas the Jinn of zees JVm of

J presented at affixes for this

county, to lower a hill or fill up a hollow, or both, (which shall be Jet forth, as it is described in the presentment.) Noon I

do swear, that / have faithfully and honejrly expended the sum of in execution of the said work,

pursuant to the said presentment, and that the work has been effectually executed to the bef of my fikill and knowledge.

XVII. And whereas it is cfTcntially necessary for preserving in due repair the roads aforesaid, that provision be made for the immediate repair of such breaches as may happen in the winter season; be it further enacted, That it shall be Grand ju-lawful for any grand jury as aforesaid, at any assizes,.to a,7im? profant in advance without any previous affidavit to be laid before them, any sum not exceeding the rate of six-pence by br."ch" ffi the perch, to be raised off any barony or half-barony, county davit, as of a city, or county of a town, for the purpose of being *iertl"’ expended between fumtner assizes and spring assizes, in re- Jy J," r""cfh pairing, keeping in repair, cleansing, dressing, or providing materials for repairing any part or parts of any of the roads aforesaid, in such barony or half-barony, county of a city,

3fr4

The thirty-second Year of George III.

A.D.

or county of a town, leading directly from post-town to 1792- -post-town.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That as often as the overseer appointed by the grand jury for any such presentment, shall fanhaion prove upon oath to the satisfaction of any two justices of the offuiiM-"’ peSce appointed for that purpose, as is herein after men-honed, that lie has expended any sum in pursuance of such may order presentment, and shall also lay an account before them of the

payment 1 '

-thereof, and particulars of the expenditure thereof, and verify the fame *a6C" ’ upon oath, it shall be lawful for such justices from time to time, by warrant under their hands and seals at the foot, or on the back of the said affidavit, to order the treasurer of the county, to pay immediately to such overseer, the sum or sums set forth in such affidavit, to have been expended with such wages for the overseer, as the said justices shall think such fiiminot reasonable, not exceeding one shilling in the pound; and the amount of treasurer of every county as aforesaid, is hereby required lo

maits'1'"' obey the fame; provided the sum or sums so ordered, Hull not exceed in the whole the amount of the presentment; and provided the account hereby required to be set forth, be annexed to the affidavit.

Muncy pre-

XIX. And be it enacted, That all money so presented in !com"yl!c advance, may be accounted for at the ensuing affizss before the grand jury, in like manner as before two justices, and so liz«i much thereof as shall not be so accounted for, or for which no order as aforesaid shall have been issued before the said so much to be spring affixes, shall be rc-presented by the grand jury at fuel] atT|nh!g«f- ensuing spring nffizes, to go in aid of the preferments on such barony, half-barony, county of a city, or county of a 'town, at such assizes. when gr.uiri

XX. And be it further enacted, That whenever any grand muiicy'h/ad- jury lls aforesaid, shall in pursuance of the powers in vested in mice, tiny i]lcm [y, this act, present any money in advance for the pur-t juiiiccs to poses before mentioned, they shall appoint by presentment, counts ami two or more justices of the peace, for the purpose of receiv-make ottlttt. ing t])C account of money, and making the orders

aforesaid.

if such.jitF-

XXI. And if one or both of the said justices shall die, or Se^oad, shall Tcfufe to act; be it enacted, That the justices of the Jul11'5 peace assembled at the quarter sessions, next after such pre-

ous. may aji- fentment, or at any adjournment thereof, shall appoint one

pomt.oihcr. ’

0

or

The thirty-second Year of George III.

or two justices of the peace to act in the place of such justice or justices as shall die, or shall refuse to ad.

XXII. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall authorize any grand jury to present any new road to be laid out, or made through any part of any demesne or deer-park, or any old road to be widened into any demesne or deer-park, without the consent of the owner being first obtained in writing under his hand.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That every preferment made under the authority of this act, for laying out or making any new road, or widening any old one, may be traveled at the fame assizes in which it shall be made, and such traverse shall be tried then, or at the next assizes, and that it shall be lawful for the owner or occupier of any ground, or any person having interest therein, through which such new road is to be made, or into which such old road is to be widened, or for the owner or occupier of any house or other building, or any person interested therein, which is to be taken down in consequence of such presentment, to traverse the fame for damages at the fame assizes at which it shall be made, and such traverse shall be tried then, or at the ensuing assizes, and the jury which shall try such traverse shall true verdict: give whether any, and what damages shall accrue thereby to the traverser or traversers, and upon the damages so found being paid to him, her, or them, or deposited with the county treasurer for his, her, or their use, it shall be lawful for the overseer or overseers to proceed in the execution of such presentment without the interruption of any person whatsoever, and it shall be lawful for any grand jury as aforesaid, to present such sum or sums of money so found for damages, or any part thereof, to be raised on the barony, half barony, county of a city, or county of a town, in which the ground or house or other buildings shall be situate on account of which such damages shall have been awarded to the traverser or traversers, to which presentment no traverse shall be allowed.

XXIV. And be it further declared and enacted, That wherever the word post-town" is mentioned in this act, as the limits of every presentment or power of presentment, the post-of Ece for delivery of letters in such town at the time of swearing the affidavit for grounding the presentment, (Inli be understood to be meant so as to include within the pro-

Vol.XVI. 4 H vifious

Presentmenta may he traversed at Tattle assizes in which made;

owner*, 5fc. may traverse for damages at fame assizes,

be tried then, or at nifuing affixes,

jury to award damage's;

upon damages being paid or deposited, uverl'eers may piucced;

furli sum* for damages my be picfcnted by grand jury.

What I? to be understood wherever the word poik town*’ is mentioned.

306 "The shirty-second Year of George III.

A. 'D. visions of the act the whole of the post-road passing through *792, the post-towns.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, I’crfont *h'That if any person shall build any house, or hart of a house,

build al,ouse, 1 f > r

c,r pan of a Within thirty feet of the centre of any of the said roads, cx-^Tfcctoflm' cept in a-corporate-or borough-town, or shall build any wall, road'except 'or'II,ake any ditch -within twenty-six feet of the centre of inacorpmatt the said road, or shall build any windmill within one hun-townj or 'dred-yards thereof, or shall make or have any way or paf-whhi°r26Ch :sage from any of the said roads into the lands adjoining, or'windmill ' without placing a gutter or arch underneath such way or within 100 -passage, as deep as the drain or ditch over which it is or urmaitepaf- shall be made, so as to allow all water'which may at any placing gu^ itime be therein full room to pass; or shall burn, or permit or suffer to be burned on his or her land, 'bricks or lime, or

ters or arches; or burn bricks, fire, within loo feet,

forfeit 40s.

persons winnowing, or leaving out com on the ‘road, or

weeds or vegetable substance for ashes, within one hundred feet of the centre of any of the said roads, every such per-"fon shall upon con vision thereof, by the confession of the party, or the oath or affirmation of one credible witness, before any justice of the peace, or upon the view of such justice, forfeit the sum of forty shillings; and if any person shall winnow or lay out for winnowing any corn on any of the said roads, or shall lay any straw, dung, or rub-other matters bish thereon, or shall ferape the fame without the order of or ferape ’ the overseers, or shall lay the fcowring or earth of any ditch mthottr or- or (|ra;n) or anyturf on the said road, or shall leave on any part of the fame, between enclosure and enclosure, or per-iinit to'be left thereon opposite or near to his or her house, any carriage whatsoever, or any plough or harrow without the horse or horses, or other beast or beasts being harnessed cidentnNyaC thereto, unless. such carriage as shall be accidentally broken broken, «- tlown there, and cannot be removed without repair; or shall . or spread out spread out any linen, blanket, or winnow sheet within thirty feet cif the centre of any of the said Toads; or shall beat or dry any flax, or leave any timber, or any stones, sand or lime, without permission of the overseers, on any of the said roads, except for the use of the said road; or shall leave or permit to be left the carcase of any horse or beast, or skin, or permit the same to be skinned on any of the said roads, or within one hundred yards of the centre thereof, except in a house or yard enclosed with walls; or shall lead or drive

linen, &c. within 30 feet of centre,

or beat flax, or leave timber, Sec. or: any car-case or Iktn, or shall stein anybcall on, or within ico yards of centre of

m bad cars any car or carriage with timber, boards, or iron laid across,

with timber, ./_

Nc. across,

The -thirty-feconi Year of George III. so as that.either-end -thereof shall project beyond the Tides or

3°h

A.D.

wheels; or on which shall be laid any beams or pieces of till)- '791

’bers or planks, -or-pieces of planks above the length of thir-

Chap.

teen feet, exceoton carriages with four wheels, and carts, °,rkam'-/:c-

’ ° above 13 feet

or two common cars so placed together, that the beams -or ion* pieces, or planks, shall be laid lengthways thereon; or shall 3" drag any timber or mill-stones along any part of the said roads, without being supported by wheels from touching the fame; or shall erect any lign-post, or may-pole, or may- orereflj bu/h, on any part of the said roads or -/hall place -or crest JSTy'pSe," any turfflack thereon, every person so offending shall forfeit the sum-of twenty shillings, upon conviction as aforesaid before any justice of the peace, by the oath of one credible witness, or upon the view of such justice, which penalties by a;f-and forfeitures shall be levied, if not paid upon conviction,tref’’

:by distress upon the goods and chattels of the offender, by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice, returning the overplus to the owner; such fines and forfeitures to be forfciiur« given at the discretion of such justice to the informer, or to '"'0 the treasurer of the county wherein the offence shall be com- c0- tr"f»Kr, mitted, to be by him applied in aid of the presentments on. the barony wherein such road shall lie; or it shall be lawful

upon non-

for such justice upon non-payment on conviction, to commit the "offender to the gaol or house of correction, for any ’8for 10

time not -exceeding ten days, or until such fine shall be paid/.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be law- Grand ju-ful for the several grand juries aforesaid, to present one or

more overseers who can read and write, to carry into execu- f"rs j"'1

7 " poundage.

tion the several presentments to be made by virtue of this act, and to present any sum not exceeding one shilling in the pound, of the sum to be by him originally expended, to be paid to Fuch overseer or overseers -for his or their wages., to be raised and paid in like manner -as wages for overseers appointed by the several grand juries in this kingdom are now by law Taised and paid.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That each and every Ovtrftrn overseer who shall be appointed by virtue of this act, shall powers as have the like power and authorities as any of the overseers ^nJnnder appointed -under any of the laws now in force for the amend- otll'r 1*'v*' ing, repairing, or making therpublic roads now have, or are -entitled to.

4 H a

XXVIII.

r’3°8

she thirty-second Year of George III.

A.D. 1792. :'Chap. 30.

All justices of peace em-'powerul to . adminilltr oaths hereby v directed,

' For pre-' iervation of road from Dublin to Itik’ulion-- bridge, &c,

dwc&ors to have fame powers for repairs thereof* as are

granted to , justices.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That all justices of the peace within their respective jurisdictions, shall have power to administer all oaths directed by this act to be taken, and that any person who shall-wilfully swear false therein, shall incur the pains and penalties to which persons guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury are now liable to.

XXIX. And for the better preservation of the turnpike road leading from the city of Dublin, to the town of Kil-cuilen bridge, and to the twenty-one mile done westward of the said town, and preventing nuisances thereon; be it enacted, That the directors of the said road shall have the fame powers and authorities for carrying into effect the several acts of parliament for the repair of the said road, as are thereby granted to the justices of the peace of the counties in which the said road is situate, and no more.

XXX. And whereas stones and bricks frequently fall on the said road from the cars on which they are loaden, and arc left remaining thereon, to the great inconvenience of per-

Ctir«carry- fons travelling the said road; be it therefore enacted, That l"ick>,'to be every car that shall carry any flonesor bricks on the said road, herebif’ Awll be boarded on the front, fides, and back thereof, with boards eight inches high at the least-, and that for every ear lb loaden which shall not be boarded in manner aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the gate-keepers at every gate on the said road, to demand and take the sum of one shilling for every fttch car, every time it shall pass through any of the said gates, in like manner, and with the fame remedies upon refusal, as in case of any other toll now paid or payable at any turnpike gate on the said road; and the owner or owners of every car loaden as aforesaid, without being boarded as aforesaid, shall forfeit the sum of ten shillings upon conviction, on the oath of one credible witness, before any justice of the peace within his jcrifdiflion, which sum shall be levied and applied in the manner directed for levying and applying t'nc several penalties imposed kv an act of the twen-'ty-seventh of his present ltd a jesty’s reign, entitled, An act for improving and repairing the tnrnpihe read heading from the city of Dublin, to Aiicitlicit bridge in ike county of Kildare, and 1o the tu’cnty-ciic miicjioi.c icefrcard of the fid bridge.

XXXI. And whereas it is neceslkry for the better management of the said road, that the drains on the fide's thereof, should be under the cenlroul of the said directors; be it therefore

-or pay is- at every g.itc.

anil owner; shall forfeit J05.

to lie levied ' art! applied SI by 27 G.3

The thirty sand Year of George III.

therefore enabled, That if any person shall scour, deepen, fill up, or widen any drain or ditch, or any part of any drain or ditch, on the fide of any part of the said road, without the order of the said directors, or any three of them, it shall and may be lawful for the said directors, or any three of them, to caafe the same to be tilled tip or icon red as they may think fit, and to levy the expence thereof by distress and sale of the goods of such person.

XXXII. And for the better security of persons travelling i,;-

/ r rector* may

the said road: be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the caofeditches said directors to cause the ditches on the fidcs of the said road »,! to be filled up, wherever they shall think proper, and to make Other drains or trenches inifead thereof, with the back the road; or bank next the road, and to make compensation out of the =nli tolls of the said road to the persons whose land may be waited iw« , thereby; and if any person shall oppose the said directors, or pCifonsoi>-the persons by them employed therein, or shall remove any part of the materials which shall have been placed in any of »s the said ditches, or shall take down any part of the backs d«»n banks, or banks which are, or shall be raised between the said road, not and the drains or trenches on the fides of it, without the order of the said directors, or any three of them, and shall be thereof convicted on his own confession, or the oath of one credible witness before any justice of the peace, or any of the said directors within his jurisdiction, shall forfeit any sum not exceeding forty shillings for every such offence, to be applied and recovered in like manner as is directed by an by 27 G. 3. act passed in the twenty-seventh year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled. An act for improving and repairing the turnpike road leading from the city of Dublin to Kilcullen bridge, in the county of Kildare, and to the twenty-one mile forte wefi-ward of the said bridge.

XXXIII. And whereas the grand juries of the several counties are by law empowered to appoint a secretary or clerk of the grand jury at any one assizes to act as such at the assizes following, but no provision is made for the appointment of such secretary, in cases where the grand jury have neglected in such manner to appoint; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any person who has been appoint- toScct"y:'5, ed, or shall hereafter be appointed to act as secretary of the tie* msy aft grand jury at any assizes, shall have full and ample power ing afu2ai unto act as such at any assizes ensuing, until another person ^tud?* Von. XVI. 41 shall

if incapable of receiving

The thirty-second Year of George III.

shall be appointed in his room, and if such secretary shall die, or if from unavoidable circumstances, he shall be rendered incapable of receiving theaffidavits for preferments six days before the first day of the assizes, and making a affidavits, &c, schedule in pursuance of the provisions of the act of the 23 & 24G.3. twenty-third and twenty-fourth of his present Majesty, in B>suid juries case made and provided, it shall and may be lawful for oa affidavits t'lc Srand jury to make presentments on such affidavits as depositedwith shall be deposited with the treasurer, any time previous to vZusloiT the second day of the assizes, and for the judge of assize to tlafa* fiat the fame in like manner as if such affidavits had been received by the secretary of the grand jury six days previous LS,1 to the fitting day of the assizes, and a schedule made thereof, any thing in this or any other act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding; and the said treasurer shall be entitled to receive such compensation for his trouble in making a schedule of said presentments, as the secretary of the grand jury would have received.

Affidavit of

XXXIV. Provided always, That an affidavit shall be made made.'0 6 to the satisfaction of the going judge of assize, and the’foreman of the grand jury, stating the cause why such preferments were not lodged six days as befor-e mentioned, and why the usual schedule was not then made, as is by law required.

XXXV. And whereas doubts have arisen, whether tile powers now vested in the commissioners for making a wide and convenient way, street, or passage from Essex-bridge to the castle of Dublin, and for making wide and convenient passages through the city of Dublin, extend further than to ' all places within the limits of the circular-road; and whereas the town is now extending beyond the limits of the said circular-road, and narrow and irregular streets are now building beyond the said limits, and it will tend to the improvement and ornament of the capital, to extend the powers of the said commissioners to places not further distant than half a mile beyond the said circular-road; be it enacted and de-I’owcra of clarcd, That all the powers and authorities heretofore, and for »idniing now vested in the said commissioners, shall extend, and be tviuivit iiaif a construed, and are hereby declared to extend to all places; mile beyond within half a mile of the limits of all parts of the said cir-

the uicular-

' load. cular-road.

treasurer to receive com-jHnfation.

I

CHAP.

The thirty-feccnd Year of George III.

CHAP. XXXI.

An Act to empower His Majesty to grunt Ucenfes to alien Lands in Mortmain.

WHEREAS it would be useful that the King, his heirs and successors, should be empowered to grant licenses to alien, and hold lands in mortmain; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for tire King, and his heirs 'and successors, when and as often, and in such cases as his Majesty, his heirs or successors shall think fit, to grant to any person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, their heirs and successors, license to alien in mortmain, and also to purchase, acquire, take, and hold in mortmain, in perpetuity or otherwise, any lands, tenements, rents, or hereditaments whatsoever, of whomsoever the same shall be holdch.

II. And it is hereby declared, THat lands, tenements, rents, or hereditaments, so to be aliened, or acquired, and Licensed, shall not be subject to any forfeiture for, or by reason of such alienation or acquisition.

[Preamble,

the king, ant! Iii< successors, may grant li-cenlcs to alien, or pir-cliafitni most* main,<islicrc-

fiitch lamis &c. not fub-jett to forfeiture for alienation.

CHAP. XXXII.

An Act to enable Aliens born out of the Allegiance of His Ma-jefy. His Heirs and Successors, to take Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in this Kingdom, by Way of Mortgage, ftbjeft to certain Ref rift ions.

WHEREAS it is expedient to enable aliens born out of the allegiance of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to take mortgages of lands, tenements, or hereditaments in this kingdom, or of any estate or interest therein; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by 4 I 2 the

Pi eatable.

-jta Tks t/:u tfficoitd Year of George III.

A. P. ’’no autL.'.rivy f she fame, That all mortgages made to, ot 792- in trufi i'v aliens born out of the-allegiance of the King’s Chap^32. mo,i oxcellent Majesty, his heirs and successors, thallbe good mortgages and valid'in this kingdom, -whether the fovereien of such

made to, or ° c

in milt for alien, or the state to-which he or the belongs, be at peace be good; or at war with his Majesty, his heirs and successors $ and it

such-aliens shall and may be lawful to and for every such alien to trans-SSt- m*t or assign every such mortgage to his or her heirs, execu-tuEaT born"1' tors’ admin iterators, or assigns respectively, in like manner tfubjcfti. , as the natural born subjects of his Majesty, his heirs and successors. may do.

Aliens not

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not i vantage of be lawful for any such alien, his or her heirs, executors, ad-.Mo^gan. ministrators, or assigns, being aliens, to take advantage of any forfeiture arising at law, or to enter into possession of: any such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, in consequence of any omission on the part of the mortgagor, his or her heirs, executors, administrators, or assigns, to redeem such mortgage, pursuant to the terms thereof, but every such mortgage so long as it shall remain or continue to be the property of any such alien, shall be deemed and taken to be only a pledge and security for the debt specified in such mortgage.

Aliensmay HI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall and

recover prm-

cipai and in- may be lawful for every such alien to proceed by bill, or by ,rr petition'in petition in any court of equity in this kingdom, for reco-. eqimy. ( ,vc[y of such debt, as well principal as interest, as fully and effectually to all intents and -purposes, as the natural born subjects of his Majesty, his heirs and successors may do.

-CHAF.

The thirty feeond Year of George III.

313 A.D. 1792.

CHAP. XXXIII.

An Act for the Relief of Persons who have omitted to qualify

WHEREAS several persons vefl affected to his Majesty's government, and ElP'rc<1,

the church of Ireland as bylaw eftaljliflied, may have through ignorance neglected, or been prevented by fickuefs or other unavoidable causes, from taking and subscribing the oaths, and from making, repeating, and subscribing the declaration, and from receiving the sacrament of the Lord’s supper, and delivering a certificate thereof, according to the directions of an act made in this kingdom in the second year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, entitled. An act to prevent the further growth of popery and may thereby have incurred great penalties; therefore be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all and every person and persons who have incurred any penalties or Incapacities in the said act, entitled, An act to prevent the further growth of popery^ mentioned by neglecting to qualify themselves according to the said act, shall be, and are hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged off, and from all incapacities, difnbilities, forfeitures, and penalties incurred by reason of such omission or neglect as aforesaid, and that no act or acts done by them, or any of them, and not yet avoided, shall be questioned or avoided by reason of such neglect or oniiflion, but all such acts shall be, and are hereby declared and enabled to be as good anil effectual as if all and every such person and persons had taken and subscribed the said oaths, and received the said sacrament, and delivered the certificate thereof, and made, repeated, and subscribed the said declaration at such time, place, and manner as is therein mentioned, any thing in the said act to the cohtraiy notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That such person or persons do, and shall take and subscribe the said oaths, and make, repeat, and subscribe the said declaration in such manner and form, and in such place and places as are directed and appointed by the said act to prevent the further growth of popery, on or before the first day of August, which shall be 111 the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three.

lH. Provided always, That this act, or any thing therein contained, shall not extend to restore or entitle any person or persons to any office or employment already actually avoided by judgment in any of his Majesty's courts of record, or already filled up by any other person, but that such office or employment shall be and remain in the person and persons who is or are now entitled by law to the fame, as if this act had never been made.

4*

CHAP.

3r4 - A.D. JJ92-

Tifo thirtj-second Tear, of George III.

CHAP. XXXIV.

Jin AB to explain and amend an Act made in this Kingdom, in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King George the First, Entitled, An Act for the supplying a DefeB in an Act pajj 'ed in the Second Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, Entitled, An Act for the Exchange of Glebes belonging to Churches in this Kingdom.

WHEREAS the town and lands of Ballinafpeg, in the foutli liberties of the city of Cork, and lying near the said city, part of the estate of the bishops of the diocese of Cork, and their successors, were in the year one thousand seven hundred and twenty out of lease, and the right reverend Peter Browne doctor in divinity, "was in the said year one thousand seven hundred and twenty, bishop of the united diocefcs of Cork and Ross, and the said doctor Browne kept and reserved one hundred and eighteen acres, part of the said lands of Ba'Ilynafpeg, in his own possession and occupation, and did not demise or lease the same to any person -whatsoever; and the said doctor Browne built and erected on the said one hundred and eighteen acres, a good substantial and convenient dwelling house, and a chapel thereunto adjoining, together with suitable offices, and made several valuable improvements on the said one hundred and eighteen acres, and rendered the fame at a great expence a fit and convenient country residence for himself and his successors, hilltops of the said dioceses of Cork and Ross; and the said doctor Peter Browne, by his last will and testament, bearing date the twenty-second day of July, one thousand seven hundred and thirty-five, devised and bequeathed all his buildings and improvements at Ballynafpeg, or Bishops-town aforesaid, to his successors bishops of Cork, declaring it to be his design and intention in erecting arid making such buildings and improvements, and in reserving the said one hundred and eighteen acres out of lease, for the use of the dwelling house so as aforesaid built by him thereupon, that it should be always a convenient country rclidence for all his successors bishops of Cork, and that he had for that reason built and consecrated a chapel contiguous to said house, for their perpetual use, in good hopes that none of his successors hiffic.ps of Cork, would ever fruftrale fitch his'design: And whereas all the successors of said doctor Peter Browne, bishops of Cork and Ross, after his death, held, occu- pied

The thirty-second Year of George III. 315

pied and enjoyed the said dwelling house, offices and chapel, and A.D. the said one hundred and eighteen acres, part of the said lands 1792, of Ballynafpeg, as and for a mensal house and demesne, until the reverend Isaac Mann, doctor in divinity, was promoted to tire said bishopricks of Cork and Ross, in the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, and the said doctor Isaac Mann, by indenture of lease by him executed, and bearing date the eleventh (lay of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, derailed the said one hundred and eighteen acres, and the said dwelling house and offices thereon, to Nicholas Smyth, esquire, his executors, administrators and assigns, for the term of twenty one years, at the yearly rent of seventy-five pounds, although the fame were then well worth, and would set to a solvent tenant for the yearly rent of three hundred and fifty pounds, and upwards, and the said lease was executed to the said Nicholas Smyth, in trust for the said Isaac lord bishop of Cork and Ross, his executors, administrators and assigns: And whereas the said doctor Isaac Mann died some time in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, having executed his will, and thereof appointed the reverend doctor Robert Aultin, and Samuel Mann, esquire, executors, who duly proved said will, and obtained probate thereof out of his Majesty's court of prerogative

And whereas the reverend Eufeby Cleaver, doctor in divinity, succeeded the said doctor Isaac Mann in the bishopricks of Cork and Ross, and was lhortly afterwards translated to the united bishopricks of Leighlin and Ferns, and the reverend William Fofter, doctor in divinity, was thereupon promoted to the said bishopricks of Cork and Ross, and was in some time after translated to the bishoprick of Kilmore, and the reverend William Bennet, doctor in divinity, was upon such the translation of doctor Fofter, promoted to the said bishopricks of Cork and Ross, and is now lord bishop thereof: And whereas the said doctors Cleaver and Fofter, whilst they respectively continued bishops of said united ’ bishopricks of Cork and Ross, did. respectively refuse to ratify or confirm the said lease of said house, offices, and one hundred and eighteen acres, part of said lands of Ballynafpeg, executed as aforesaid by the said doctor Isaac Mann, in any manner whatsoever, or to accept of any rent under the fame, and the said doctor William Fofter being advised that the said lease was not good and valid in law, did by his feigned lessee bring his ejectment on the title, to defeat the said lease, and filed.a bill in his Majesty's high court of chancery, against Charles Smyth, esquire, (administrator, with the will 4 K 2 annexed

3a6

1'hc thirty-Jeccnd Year of George III.

A.D.

annexed of said Nicholas Smyth, esquire, who was then dead, and r792' others, for discovery of-evidence in support of his title on the trial Ci!^‘°f t1'e issue on said ejedlment, but the fitid doctor William Fofter was translated to the said fee of Kilmore before the issue on such ejedlment could be tried: And whereas the said Nicholas Smyth is dead, and.administration of the effects of the said Nicholas, with Ks will annexed, has been granted and committed by his Majesty's court of'prerogative, to Charles Smyth, esquire, son of the said Nicholas Smyth: And whereas the said doctor William Bennet, trow lord bishop of Cork and Ross, being advised that the said lease so as aforesaid, executed by the said doctor Isaac Mann, of the said hoiil'c, offices, and one hundred and eighteen acres of land,'was not good and valid-in law, by his feigneddeflee brought his cjedtmcitt on the title as of Michaelmas term, one thousand fsven hundred and ninety, against the said Charles Smyth, personal representative of the said Nicholas Smyth, to defeat the said lease, and did also file his bill in his Majesty's high court of chancery, against the said Charles Smyth, and :the said exe- cutors of the will of said doctor :Isaac Mann, for discovery of evidence in support of his title on the trial of the issue on the said ejedlment, but before the said issue could receive a trial, an agreement was entered into, and concluded between the said doctor William ‘Bennet, 'lord bishop of Cork and Ross, and the said -executors of the said doctor isaac Mann, and the said Charles Smyth, 'for the purchase of said interest in 'the said house, offices, and one hundred ;and eighteen acres of land under the said lerife thereof, so as aforesaid executed by the said doctor Isaac Mann, to the said Nicholas Smyth, and in pursuance of such agreement, an indenture bearing date the nineteenth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, between the said reverend archdeacon Austin, and

Samuel Mann, eftjuire, executors of the said doctor Isaac Mann -of the one part, and the said reverend doctor William Bennet, lord bishop of Cork and Ross, -of die other part, was duly executed, whereby in consideration -of five hundred pounds paid, or fu'ffici-cntly secured to the find executors, by the said William Bennet, lord bishop of Cork and Rols-; and also in xonfiderationthat he the said lord bishop of Cork and Ross, had by said indenture, indemnified and discharged - the said executors from the payment of all arrears of vent then due rout of the said premisses, they the said executors, with the consentand approbation of the said Charles Smyth, (terrified by his attorney Pryce Peacock, esquire, being a subserihing witness to said indenture,) granted, bargained, feld and

assigned

The thirty-second Year of George III. 317

assigned to the said lord bishop of Cork and Ross, the said house, A.D. offices, and one hundred and eighteen acres, part of said lands 1792' of Ballynafpeg, and all their interest in the fame, under or by Chap. 34. Virtue of the said indenture of lease thereof, so as aforesaid executed by the said Isaac, heretofore lord bishop of Cork and Ross, to the said Nicholas Smyth, in trull for. hj.in the said Isaac, his executors and administrators, together.with the said indenture of lease, and the said William, now lord bishop of Cork and Ross; is riow in possession of the said house, offices, and one hundred and eighteen acres of lands, by virtue of such agreement and purchase, and the said lease thereof is ther.eby totally at an end and extinguished': And whereas the said William lord bishop of Cork and Ross, is desirous that the said house, offices; arid one hundred and eighteen acres of land, ffioiild for ever remain as a mensal house and demesne, and mensal lands for himself and his successors bishops of Cork, according to the design and intention ,of the said doctor Peter Browne^, heretofore lord bishop of Cork and Ross, expressed in his said ’will, the fame being fit and convenient for the country residence of the said lord bishop of Cork and Ross; and his ftircelfors, bishops of said fees, and the said William lord bishop of Cork and Ross, has paid to the said lord bishop of Leighlin and Ferns, the sum of thirt'y-seven pounds ten shillings fielding, being the sum which accrued, due for rent out of said premisses, under the aforesaid lease; whilst the said bishop of Lei'gh-iin and Ferns was bishop of said dioceses of Cork and Ross; and has also "paid to the said lord bishop of 'Kilmore, the sum of fe-venty-five pounds fierling, which became due for rent of the said premises, whilst the said bishop of Kilmore was bishop of said 'dioceses of- Cork and Ross; and the said William lord bishop of Cork and Ross; has also paid the said sum of five hundred pounds, as the purchase money of the aforesaid feafehold interest, and has engaged to pay to the said doctor William. Fofter, lord bishop of kilmore, such sum of money as he has expended, or caused to be expended,-ia carrying on and, prosecuting the find ffiits in law and equity, to as aforesaid commenced by him, for the purpose of defeating the said lease, and has been also obliged to expend a considerable (urn of money , in carrying oii the aforesaid proceedings in law and equity, to defeat the said lease, and also in procuring the passing of this act; and it is reasonable that the said William lord bishop of Cork and Ross, should be reimbursed the fame, id the manner hereafter provided by this act, in as much as b’s successors, bishops of said fees of Cork and Ross, will be materially benefited thereby; be it therefore en-Vol. XVI. 4L acted

3-iS

A.D. 1792.

Ii -life and

of’ic - built I)/ Dr. lirov.r.c, hi re« icfori* liifoo)! of Coik o;d Rn|'.,;iml||3 sicr* i, part 1 f uic lands of li.dlynafprg, to be forever snar.Ctn house and (kmpfm.* for the biOiops of Cork, and unalienable; not to extend to b.v.s in force for exchange of glite.

ttfliop of

Cork to prove - turns vxpeiul-

ed in carrying on recited suits by himself and hi-iluip of Uil-more, b: fore the A. 1>. of Calhe!;

and expence

-of. this net

certificate cf . archbilV;'

tobcii^wTi:-eJ in rcgtllty of con. and metrop. court of Caflicl; ad«plicare in confifk c«.i:tt of Cork.

The prefer.; bp of Cork, or his evi-cu-

t>: 1 to be pc;d tin; fjll

The thirty-fccoJ’.cl Year of George III.

acted by the King’s m6(t excellent Majesty,- by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said house and offices built and erected by the said doctor Peter Browne, heretofore lord bishop of Cork and Rots, on the said one hundred and eighteen acres, part of the said lands of Ballynafpcg or Bidiopflovvn, together with the said one hundred and eighteen acres of land, shall for ever hereafter be, and shall be deemed, taken, and reputed to be, a mansion-house for the country residence of the bishops of Cork, and demesne and mcnfal lands of the bishops of Cork, and Audi be unalienable, and Audi not he let or disposed of to any other use; always provided that nothing in this act contained, shall extend to alter or take away from the force of the laws and -statutes now in force in this kingdom, relative to the exchange of glebes and demefaes belonging to churches in this kingdom.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said William lord bishop of Cork and Ross, Ami! within three months after passing this act, prove before his grace the lord arch-biAtop of CiAtcl, the fuli amount of the money which he has expended, or caused to be expended, in carrying on and pro-lacuting the said two fuiis in lav/ and in equity, for the purpose of defeating the (hid lease, and the full amount of the money which the aforesaid William lord bishop of Kilmcre expended, or caused to he expended in carrying on and pro-feeiiting the said suits in law and equity, so as aforesaid commensal by him, for die purpose of defeating the said lease; and also the full amount of the money which lie shall expend, or cause to be expended, in procuring the passing of this act; and the said archbishop on fuel; proof being made, shall under his hand and foal, certify the sum so expended; and inch certificate of the said archbishop, shall be deposited in the registry of the conliAorial and metropoiitical court of the diocese of Ca-Aiel; and a counterpart or duplicate of such certificate, under the hand and leal of the said archbishop, Audi be delivered to the said William lord bishop of Cork and Ross, to be by him deposited in the registry of the conliAorial court of the dioede of Cor1:, and Audi be final as to the afeeruining the jam lo expended in the find suits in law and equity, and in the pioauirg the passing of this act.

III. And be it further ctnfted by the authority aforesaid, That the said William lord bishop of Cork and Rols, his executors or admiiiilhti'ers, Audi receive from', and be paid by his next lucoeffor,

his

The thirtj-feccnd Year of George III. 319

his executors or administrators, the full fumwhii.li he and the said lord bishop of KUmore have expended in the said (nits in law and equity,anc which lit shall expend in procuring the pailinc; of this act, and the said two sums which he has lb as aforesaid paid to the Lid lord bishop of Lcighiin and ferns, and the said lord bishop of KUmore; and also the said lum of five hundred pounds, which he has paid as aiorel’aid, to the executors of the said Ilaac, heretofore lord bishop of Cork and Ilofs; ami that such liicceflor, his executors or administrators, having paid the said several films, flull receive from, and be paid by his next successor, his executors or administrators, three-fourth parts of such sums, and fitch fliceclfor, his executors or administrators, having paid the three-fourth parts of such sums, he, his executors or administaiors, shall receive from, and be paid by his next fucccflbr, his executors or administrators, two-third parts of the said sums; and such fucccflbr, his executors or administrators, having paid the said two-third parts of laid sums, he, his executors or administrators, shall receive from, and be paid try his next fucccflbr, his executors or administrators, one-half of such film as he shall have paid as aforesaid; all which sums shall he paid and recovered in such manner, and at such times, as the sums to he paid to, and recovered by ecclesiastical persons for buildings and improvements made on menial lands, glebes, or church lands, are to be paid and recovered, by virtue of the several acts of parliament made in this kingdom, to encourage the building homes, anil making other improvements on church lands; and to prevent dilapidations, the said sums made payable by t'tis act, to be over anil above, and exclusive of any lum or sums 'which the succestbr or successors of the said William lord bishop of Cork and Ross, may become liable to pay, by all or any of the said acts of parliament now in force in this kingdom, to encourage the building of houses, and making other improvements on church lands, for or on account of the erecting and building of the present mansion houl'e of the Lid billiops of Cork and Ross, situate at St. Finbarry’s, within the said city of Cork, or close adjacent thereto.

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed, taken, and allowed in all courts within this kingdom, as a public act, and all judges are hereby required as litch, to take notice thereof, without specially pleading trie fame.

V. Saving nevertheless, to the King’s most excellent Majesty, his heirs and successors, and to all bodies politic and corporate, their respective heirs, executors and administrators, all such right, title, estate and interest, both in law and equity, as they had,

4 L 2 could.

A.D. 1792.

Chap^.H-

amount of

I’hJ'iMCCs

Klein named by '/h fnc-cciiors;

Atcl* fucccflbr to be paid 5-4th of such luiiislu’ his next fuc-cell'or,

>',d of fftid hum to be paid by next icccessor.

successor having paid 2-3d ol laid liiiis to be paid half thereof by next fuccclibr;

such fu:m to be paid ami recovered a by the hue,it ml.* for b_i tj-ing on t.,i..rcii lacdj, *v.

said sums to

be over itid

above all to

which luc-cefibri may bccomelkble*

A publick

aa.

Saving to th? King, and nil bodies po* liiick. Me.

all rights,

323 The thirty-fecouJ Year of George III.

A.D.

could, might, or ought to have, of, in, to, or out of the said 1792. lantis and premisses, in this act mentioned, as fully to all intents iw~v ' and purposes, as if this act had never been made, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof, in any wise notwithstand-

u

ing.

e k A ip. xxxv.

An Act for repairing and preferring the Walls of the River Anna, Liffey, in the City of Dublin, and for amending an All fa fed in the' Twenty-sixth Year of his MajestysReign, Entitled, An Act for promoting the Trade of Dt&lin, by rendering its :Port and Harboitr more commodious.

WHEREAS the pfcfent Rate of the river Anna Liffey, is extremely disadvantageous to the trade and commerce of the port of Dublin^ being choaked iip With mud and filth, and the walls or quays bounding and enclosing the said river arc in a 'dangerous and ruinous condition, and for the convenience of ships and vessels frequenting the said port, and the quiet and easy lading and discharging their ..cargoes, the said walls ought to be Rebuilt, or substantial and effectually repaired, and the said river ought to be drudged and deepened for the safe and convenient dying of the said ships and vessels; and it appears to be expedient that the care of the said river and the said Walls bounding the fame, and the rebuilding and repairing the said walls should be vested in the corporation for preserving and improving the port of Dublin, and that a sufficient fund should. be e'ltablished and vested in the said corporation for the purpose of carrying on and completing the said works, and that, the several persons or parties interested in, or having benefit by the execution of such works, ought to contribute towards the said fund: And whereas the several persons owning or inhabiting hollies or, the north And lbu'th fides Of the said river, weftWard of the hew bridge uoiv erecting, and to be called Carlisle-bridge, are obliged to repair, maintain, and keep in good order the Walk fronting their houses ftfpeflive-ly, at their own private fexpence; and it is therefore reasonable that they should contribute to the said fund, upon being exonerated from the expence and trouble oi‘ keeping the lard wails in repair, and the proprietors of all the low grounds lying on either fide of the said river, are much interested in the preservation of the said walls, and ought to contribute towards the said fund: 4 And

The tijirU-Jzcu'.d I "car of George III. 321

And whereas the find works will procure and continue to all fuips A.D. and vefiHs frequenting the said port, the bandit of safe and con- 1792* vcr.ient lying, witii the advantage of a quid; and easy lading and discharging of their cargoes, whereiore t!ie owners of fuel1, fhtps end vessels ought also to contribute towards the said fund: And whereas the landing and laying down timber of all kinds, planks or blocks of mahogany, and of all other kinds of wood, hoards of all kinds, Raves, bricks, blocks of marble, and of all kinds of ilone, on the said walls or quays, have clone considerable damage to the fame, and the owners of Rich timber of all kinds, planks or blocks of mahogany, and of all other- kinds of wood, boards of all kinds, Raves, bricks, blocks of marble, and of all kinds of iione, will have great convenience and benciit by the execution of the said works, and ought therefore contribulc towards the said fund, for completing and carrying on the fame: And whereas the lord mayor, flierifls, commons and citizens of the city of Dublin, being seized in fee of a eonliderable tract of ground or strand, on the north fide of the river Anna Lifley, in order to enclose and fence in the fame from the sea, did cause the said ground or strand to be surveyed, and by act of assembly made and passed on or about the eighteenth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, did direct that the said strand should be set out and divided into two classes of lots; that is to say, one by the acre, and the other by the foot, which was accordingly done, and the fame were afterwards drawn by the then lord mayor, aldermen, sheriffc, and common-council of the said city, and the said then lord mayor, sheriffs, commons and citizens of the said city, did afterwards by several deeds of leafs and rc-lease, made in or about the year one thousand seven hundred, and eighteen, grant and convey the said lots or parcels of . ground to the persons respectivoiy entitled to the fame on the drawing thereof: And whereas the several lots or parcels of ground so laid out by the acre as aforesaid, and which are -called acre-lots, amount in number to one hundred and thirty-four, and are marked on the map or survey thereof, made out by the direction of the then lord mayor, iheiifis, commons and citizens, in numerical order, by their respective numbers, from number one to number one hundred and thirty-four, inciufive; and seventy-four of the said acre-lots have been enclosed from the foa, that is to say, from number one to number twenty-three, including both tb.e said numbers; from number thirty-eight to number forty-nine, including both the said numbers; from number fifty to number fifty-nine, including Vol. XVI. M both

322

The thirty-second Year of George III.

A.D.

both the said numbers; from number seventy-four to number 1792. eighty eight, including both the said numbers; from number

Chap. 35.

one hundred and three to number one hundred and eleven, including both the said numbers; and from number one hundred and thirty to number one hundred and thirty-four, including both the said numbers; one of which said lots, that is to say, the lot marked number seventy-seven was referred to the said lord mayor, fiierifis, and commons and citizens, and is marked in tire said map with the words, city-lot; and the several piece-s or parcels of ground so laid out by the foot as aforesaid, and which are called foot-lots, amount in number to one hundred and thirty-two, and are marked on the aforesaid map or survey thereof in numerical order, by their respective numbers, from number one to number one hundred and thirty-two inclusive: And whereas it is rcafcnable that the several persons now in pollciTion of the said several and respective lots so enclosed and numbered as aforesaid, shall pay towards the said fund the several and respective sums by the year herein after mentioned, and that the several persons in polTdlion of the low-ground or lots on the south fide of the said river, shall pay towards the said fund the several and respective rates by the year herein after mentioned; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, l';i» cari- and by the authority of the same, That the csre, management, and superintendance of the whole of the said river AnnaLiffey, iwsrAww and the said walls bounding the fame, and the building and

thcwaiis repairing of the said walls, so far as the said walls extend

c'rlifle-from on north fide of the said river, from Carlisle bridge iwidec to aforesaid to Ballybough bridge, and on the south fide of the

DaiIVOOL*- t* 0 w

IiriJg?. on said river from the westward end of Crampton quay in the

fide/and c‘t)r Dublin, to the road called the Artichoke road in the

'"I ,d county the said city, be from the passing of this act fully of Crampton and excltifively vested in the said corporation for preserving Artichctc' and improving the port of Dublin, and their successors for !bot1i’fiL'!c ever> and that they be, and are hereby empowered to rebuild refiod in the or repair the said walls from time to time in fitch' manner as fSpoving dicy shall think proper or judge expedient.

Unhiinfof And in order to enable the said corporation so to re-

cur. build, and from time to time to repair the said walls, be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this act, there shall be paid, and payable yearly and every year, on every

The thirty-second Year of George III.

twenty-fourth day of June, for ever hereafter to the said corporation for preserving and improving the port of Dublin, and their successors, at the ballast-office of the port of Dublin, for the time being, out of and for each and c-very of tits seventy-four lots or parcels of ground situate on the north ilde of the said river, and marked in the said map or survey as acre-lets as aforesaid, favc only and except the said acre-lot marked seventy-seven on the said irap or survey, and therein called city-lot; and also out of each and every of the aforesaid one hundred and thirty-ttvo lots, so situate on the said north fide of the said river, and marked in the said map or survey as foot-lots, by the several and respective proprietors thereof, and at the respective rates herein after mentioned; that is to say, out of, and for each and every of the twenty-three lots or parcels of ground, which are marked as acre-lots on the aforesaid map or survey, with the numbers one to twenty-three, including the said two numbers, and all the numbers between the lame, yearly and every year for ever, llie sum of three pounds ten shillings sterling, together with five pounds per centum upon the said sum as fees for col-letting thereof; and out of, and for each and every of those other twelve of the said lots or parcels of ground, which are marked as acre-lots on the said map or survey, with the numbers thirty-eight to forty-nine, including the said two Iaft mentioned numbers, and all the numbers between the fame, yearly and every year for ever, the sum of three pounds fielding, together with five pounds per centum upon the same as fees for collecting thereof; and out of, and for each and every of those thirty-eight lots or parcels of ground, which are marked as acre-lots on the said map or survey, with the numbers fifty to fifty-nine, including the said two Iaft mentioned numbers, and all the numbers between the fame; and with the numbers seventy-four to eighty-eight, including the said two hit mentioned numbers, and all the numbers between the fame; and with the numbers one hundred and three to one hundred and eleven, including the said two' Iaft numbers, and all the numbers between the fame-; and with the numbers one hundred and thirty to one hundred and thirty-three, including the said two Iaft mentioned numbers, and all the numbers between the fame j save only and except the said acre-lot marked seventy-seven on the said map or furyey, and therein called city-lot;) the sum of two pounds ten shillings sterling, together with five pounds per centum upon - the fame, as fees for collecting -thereof.; and out of, and for each and every of those twenty 4 M 2 lots

On eu-iy 2 j. June, from passing litis :.U, the following rates to he paid by pi opr it; tors of lots on north

fiJc:

fqr cad: acre lot from i\o. i to indulge, $1. 10*. $l.per cent, for collecting;

for each acre lot, from'No. 3#, to No. 49, inddive,

3l. & 5i-

per cent.

for each acre lot, from No.

to 59, inclusive.

and from No. 74, to 88, inclusive,

and from No. 103, to 111, indufive, and from No. 130, to 133, indufive, f Lot 77, marked city lot excepted,)

a!, ics. & 5k per cent.

324 The thirty-second Year of George III.

A.D.

lots or parcels of ground, which are marked as foot-lots on the 1792- said map or survey, with the numbers one to twenty, includ-

Chap. 35.

ing the said two last mentioned numbers, and all the numbers for each foot between the fame, yearly and every year for ever, the ftim of three pounds ten shillings sterling, with five pounds per centum cluSvc, 31. upon the fame, as fees for collecting thereof; and out of, and for per cent.s*’ each and every of those other twenty lots or parcels of ground, which are marked as foot-lots on the said map or survey, with the j| C’ ?Lcc!f numker8 twenty-one to forty, including the said two last mentioned numbers, and all the numbers between the fame, the sum of three pounds sterling, together with five pounds per centum upon tram No 1 t'le fame> as f°es for collecting thereof; and out of, and for each to 56, inclu-’ and every of those sixteen lots or parcels of ground, which are ft ji per cent’, marked as foot-lots on the said map or survey, with the numbers forty-one to fifty-six, including the said two last mentioned numbers, and all the numbers between the fame, the sum of two pounds ten shillings sterling, together with five pounds per centum upon the fame, as fees for collecting thereof; and out of, and for each and every of those forty lots or parcels of ground, which are marked as foot-lots on the said map or survey, with the numbers fif;v-seven to ninety-six, including the said two last mentioned numbers, and all the numbers between the fame, two pounds sterling, together with five pounds per

fiomNo. 57, 10 96, ir.clu. live, -]. oral ji. percent.'

from No- 97

V. 1:. ill-cMive, 2l.

I'-.. TOil 7 pej cent.

centum upon the lame, as fees for collecting thereof; and out of, and for each and every of those twenty-six lots or parcels of irroin.d,

which are marked as foot-lots on the said map or survey, with the numbers ninety-seven to one hundred and twenty-two, including the said two last mentioned numbers, and all the numbers between the fame, the sum of two pounds ten shillings fielding, together with five pounds per centum from No. i". ui,on r^c lanie, as fees for collecting thereof; and out of, and for each and every of these lots or parcels of ground, which u; ps: can. are inti ke>l as foot-lots on the said map or furvev, with the numbers one hundred and twenty-three to one hundred and thirty-two, including the said two last mentioned numbers, and all the numbers between the fame, the sum of three pounds ten shillings fielding, together with five pounds per centum upon the same as fees for collecting thereof, fmns^iotp^ ei':1(ftL'd> That all and every the aforesaid

paMiocor- several and respective yearly sums To appointed to be paid out of eaeli and every of the aforesaid acre-lots and foot-lots respectively, fit all lie paid and payable to the said corporation and their June, 111 pay- fecccfiors irr manner aforesaid, and over and above,all deductions

j’.iciu 2 j I unc ’

; . what-

juration, i.ilhouf deduction, on i\erv 2

The thirty-second Year of George III.

vhatsoever, on every twenty-fourth day of June, in each and every year, the first payment thereof to be made on the twenty-fourth day of June, next after passing this act.,

IV. And whereas it is not ufttal that any distress or distresses is, or are to be found on the find north lots, and it is therefore necefiiiry to provide feme erTcftnal remedy for the recovery of the said yearly fuins; be it therefore enacted, That in case of non-payment of the said yearly sums, or any of them, or of any part of them, or of any of them, for the space of twenty-one days, next after the said day of payment in any year, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said corporation and their successors, or any three or more of the members thereof, and they are hereby authorised and empowered after Inch notice given as is herein after mentioned, absolutely to fell such lot or lots out of which inch arrear or arrears shall be due, and all the estate and interest of the person or persons holding or deriving any estate or interest in the fame, by virtue of any grant or kale from the said lord mayor, sheriff's, commons, and citizens of the city of Dublin, to the highest and fairest bidder or bidders by public grant, to be held at the tholfel of the city of Dublin, and the said corporation for preserving and improving the port of Dublin, are hereby empowered by deed or deeds under their common seal, to convey such lot or lots, and all such estate and interest as aforesaid, unto such purchaser or purchasers upon payment, and in consideration of the sum or sums of money which shall he so bid by such puchaser or purchasers; and the said corporation are hereby required and empowered out of the money arising by such sale or bales, in the (irft place to pay and satisfy the arrear which at the time or times of such sale or Tales shall he due or owing out of such lot or lots which shall he so fold, with interest from the time or times the fame ought to he paid respectively, and the necessary cods and charges in and about such sale, and after payment and satisfaction thereof, the residue of the money arising from such sale or sales, if any there be, shall he paid to the person or persons who immediately before such sale or sales shall be entitled to such estate or interest as aforesaid, in such lot or lots as shall be lb fold.

V. And be it enacted, That the receipt or receipts of the said corporation, or three or more of the members thereof, shall be a sufficient discharge or sufficient discharges to the purchaser or purchasers! of any such lot or lots on such public cant, for his, her, or their respective purchase money, and from

Vol. XVI. 4 N and.

In case of non payment within 21 clays after day appointed} corpora* lion may fc'J, &c.as herein.

arrears, interest and colls, to be paid out of purchase money;

rcfiJuc to owner.

Receipt of corporation a fufnetent discharge to purchaser.

p6

The thirty-second Year of George -III.

A.D.

and after the payms.it thereof, such purchaser or purdiafers, 1792-’ his, her, or their heirs and assigns respectively, shall for ever a^ter hold an<^ caj°7 such lot or lots freed and discharged of and from all title, claim, and demind whatsoever of every such pcrfoi or persons, whole estate and interest therein shall be so fold, his, her, or their heirs, and of every other person and persons claiming by, from, or under him, her, or: them, as tenant or tenants by lease, or otherwise.

Sii mm:S>

VI. Provided always, That before any such sale shall be tob-'pjftrd'6 made as aforesaid, public notice thereof in writing, under the

1.1 tii: thoirj, hands of three or more of the members of the said corporation,

and puWilKsd n r

shall bs given, by publicity polling up the fame in the thol-" fel of the said city of Dublin, and publishing such notice three times in the Dublin gazette, at least six months before the diy which shall be therein appointed for such sale.

Sik not n

VII. And provided also, That if such proprietor or pro-^icw'pays prietors, his, her, or their heirs or assigns, shall at anytime .,it or«r, before such cant, pay off and discharsre 'all such arrears of

jrttcrelt ami r '

cuil. the said yearly Turns as shall be so due out of such lot or lots, together with legal interest.for the fame, from the time the fame became due, to the time of such payment, with all expences of advertising, that then and in such case such sale shall not be proceeded upon, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding. iVniruti -. Vill. And be it enacted, That in case any such proprie-tciuii'H for 0: proprietors as aforesaid, shall for the preservation of his uIt'u (ire- f-iid. estate and interest in such lot or lots, pay off and dif-icrv.uj0;,? charge all such arrears of the said yearly sums as aforesaid: and

'lie r mccrt.l ° ' -JJ

-.1 fu:h Us. that such lot or lots shall be in lease to any tenant or tenants under such proprietor or proprietors, it shall and may be lawful to and for such proprietor or proprietors to sue for, and enforce the payment of the fame from such tenant or tenants, either by distraining such lot or lots, or otherwise, in like manner, and as fully and effectually as he shall be empowered by such lease or leases to recover the rent or rents which shall be thereby reserved.

Simi liof

IX. And be it enacted, That so much of an act passed in

1.1 c idoii.ig the nineteenth year of the reign of his late' Majesty, entitled, ..rihii’is, d/i act for the more J'peedy and effectual enclosing and preserving iVnciJj";.. the fraud on the north fide of the river Anna Lifey, near the

city of Dublin, as gives to, or veils in the Committee thereby directed to be appointed by the proprietors of the said lots,

an’.'

The thirty-second Year of George III. 327

any power or powers lo manage, carry on, repair, amend, t\. D. complete, or support the walls, quays, and banks that en-

1792.

Cha

close the said ilrand, and the flood-gate:;, Unices and drains thereunto belonging, be, and the fame is hereby repealed, and that all and every power and powers heretofore veiled in any other person or persons for any of the said lait mentioned ullKr

r 1 perloi'S ior

purposes, be from henceforth mill and void; and that all and rnunu.s every rent or payment charged upon the said lots by or under u the said recited act of the nineteenth year of his late Mr. jesty’s

J real, &c. to

reign, shall from and after the said twenty-fourth day of mi* June next, cease and be no longer chargeable thereon; provided that nothing herein contained shall repeal or make void tt»repMl

0 r jH»vcr6 ior

any power or powers which may have been vested in the said iira"iinS,

r. ._- . , lots, or kcii-

committee, or any other person or persons, by the said act or vennp nncuts otherwise, for the purpose of draining, preserving, or improv- ,e"~ ing the said lots or parcels of ground, or prevent such committee from recovering any arrears of any rent which may under the said act be, or become due and payable to the said committee, prior to the twenty-fourth day of June next.

X. And the better to enable the said committee (b appointed, and from time to time to be appointed by the said proprietors, by virtue of the said act, to drain, preserve,

and improve the said lots; be it enacted, That from and An addition after the said twenty-fourth day of June next, there shall be i,°piii,7for paid and payable to the said corporation, and their successors, f"['.[a0ctrc0’,ui forever, out of the aforesaid acre and foot lots, the further |l,'r'msl,ere'

by charged and additional rate of ten pounds per centum upon the fe- thereon, veral and respective yearly sums by this act charged thereon as aforesaid, the same to be paid and payable at such time payable ami ia every year, and in such manner as 'the aforesaid yearly as before, sums and fees aTC by this act directed to be paid; and in case of non-payment thereof, or of any part thereof, the said corporation, and their successors, are hereby empowered to recover the fame by sale of the lot out of which the same shall be in arrear, in like manner as the said corporation, and their successors are by this act empowered to recover the said yearly sums and fees.

XI. And be it enacted, That the amount of the said fur- Amount of ther and additional rate of ten pounds per centum upon the cent'^obe ' said yearly sums, shall as the said corporation and their fuc- ^,'0" cessors shall receive the same, be paid to the said committee, committee

r fororauitii

4 K 2 to lot!.

iVrfons in juiflcflion of "round or houses on the foutil Hde, from well end of Oniripton-qttay to Car-lisle- bridge, funning . quays, to pay on cveiy June I b. 6d per foot, and 5 per cent, for collelUng,

full pr.vntrnt

fll £.\ J-ine

tii’xt

!II)|| :'l! ivr-fnns ill !< f Ju'tn,fj»tom;d or lu’ufts, flout C'ailiiic bridge to wiiluaril point of; ii.(I!-.! be-i.ing’ir;: to m:n :u- fel.oul to pay is ]jit font fin

Tie thirty-second Year of George III.

to be appointed as aforesaid, to enable the said committee to drain, preserve, and improve the said lots.

XII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this act* all and every person and persons who is, or are, or shall be the occupier or occupiers, or in any manner in the possession of any ground, or of any house or houses, or other building or buildings which are or shall be erected on any ground situate on those parts of the south fide of the said river Anna Liftey, called Crampton-quay, and Aston’s-quay, lying between the West end of Crampton-quay aforesaid, and the said new bridge now crcdling, and to be called Carlisle-bridge, and fronting the said quays respectively, shall yearly and every year, on every twenty-fourth day of June, for ever, pay, or cause to be paid to the said corporation, for preserving and improving the port of Dublin, and their successors, at the ballast-office of the port of Dublin, for the time being, the sum of one shilling and six pence for each and every foot which such ground or such house or houses respectively shall contain, together with fees for receiving and collecting the fame, at the rale of five pounds per centum, to be computed upon the sum which shall be so payable by such person or persons respectively, the first payment of the said rates and fees to be made on the twenty-fourth day of June next; and that from and after the passing of this act, all and every person and persons . who are or flinll be the occupier or occupiers, or in any manner in

poit'eflion

ground immediately fronting to and ad-

m i jr.mimt 2; June i'caIJ

joining that part of the South-quay wall of the said river Anna Liffey, lying between Carlifie-bridge aforesaid, and the wcftwnrd point of the ground belonging to the marine-school, or of any house or houses, building or buildings, which are or shall be crcdted on any such ground, shall yearly and every year, on every twenty-fourth day of June, for ever, pay, or cause to be paid to the said corporation and their successors, at the ballast-office of the port of Dublin for tiic time being, the sum of one shilling and six pence sterling for each and every foot which such ground or house or houses respectively shall contain in front to the said last mentioned part, of the said south-quay wall, together with fees for receiving and collecting the fame, at the rate of five pounds per centum upon the sum which shall be so payable by such person or persons respectively', the first payment of the

I said

The thirtyfecotid Year of George III.

said la ft mentioned rates and fees to be made on the twenty-fourth day of June next; and that from and after the passing of this act, all and every person and persons who are or shall be the occupier or occupiers, or in any manner in possession of any ground immediately fronting to and adjoining that part of the south-quay wall of the said river, lying between the said westward point of the ground belonging to the said marine febool, and the eastward end of the quay called sir John Rogerson’s-quay, or of any house or houses, building or buildings, which are or shall be erected on any such ground, shall yearly and every year, on every twenty-fourth day of June, for ever, pay, or cause to be paid to the said corporation, and their successors, at the ballast-office of the port of Dublin for the time being, the sum of one shilling and six pence sterling for each and every foot which such ground or house or houses last mentioned respectively shall contain' in front to the said last mentioned part of the said south-quay wall, together with fees for collecting and receiving the fame, at the rate of five pounds per centum, upon the sum which shall be so payable by such person or persons respectively, the first payment of the said last mentioned rates and fees to be made on the twenty-fourth day of June next; and that from and after the passing of this act, all and every person and persons who are or shall be the occupier or occupiers, or in any manner in possession of any ground immediately fronting to and adjoining that part of the south-quay wall of the said river, lying between the said eastward end of sir John Rogerson’s-quay, and the bridge of Ringfend, or of any house or houses, building or buildings, which shall or may be erected on any such ground, shall yearly and every year, on every twenty-fourth day of June, for ever, pay, or cause to be paid to the said corporation and their successors, at the ballast-office of the port of Dublin for the time being, the sum of one shilling and six pence fierling for each and every foot which such ground or house or houses respectively shall contain in front to the said last mentioned part of the south-quay wall, together with fees for collecting and receiving the fame, at the rate of five pounds per centum, to be computed upon the sum which shall be so payable by such person or persons respectively, the first payment of the said last mentioned rates and fees to be made on the twenty-fourth day of June next; and that from and after the passing of this act, there shall be Vo l. XVI. 46 paid

329 A.D. 1792.

Chap^.

possessort of gu.uftd. &c. fi out iii/> quay, from well ward point, of ground be* longing to marincschool, to eastward end offirjohn RogerlonV quay, to pay is. 6d. per foot, and 5 per cent*

first payment 24. June next;

from eastward end of iii |.

RogcrfonV quay, to Kingseinl. bridge, is 1. per foot, and 5 per cent.

first payment H Juuc;

for all the protifu. fronting and act-

joining t;uny v.'iiil from 11 ngl'end ' Iiti.Igt: to Artichoke road 40). and 5 per cent.

ilrft payment 24 June next;

Arrears of rates ficni Crampton t]uay to Artichoke road, if not paid within 10 days after day appointed, may he recovered by civil hill, or by dilhefs.

The thirty-fecevd Tear' of George III.

paid and payable yearly and every year, on every twenty-fourth day of June forever, to the said corporation and their successors for ever, at the ballafl-office of the port of Dublin for the time being, out of and for all that ground immediately fronting to and adjoining the quay wall, which lies between the bridge of Ringfend, and the road called the Artichoke-road, the yearly sum of forty pounds sterling, together with five pounds per centum thereon, as fees for collecting and receiving the fame, the first payment of the said last mentioned yearly sum, and the said fees to be made on the twenty-fourth day of June next.

XIII. And be it cnadied, That in case the aforesaid several and respective rates and fees so appointed to be paid to the said corporation out of the several and respective grounds, houses, and premises aforesaid, on the south fide of the said river Liffey, from the well end af-Crampton-quay aforesaid, and the said Artichoke-road, or any of the said several and respective rates and fees, or any part of them, or of any of them, shall be in arrear or unpaid in any one year, for the space of ten days next after the day appointed by this act for payment thereof as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said corporation and their successors, either to recover the fame from the person or persons who shall be in possession of such ground, houses or premises, out of which such arrear or arrears shall be due by civil bill, before , the recorder of ihc city of Dublin, or by distress and sale of the goods and chattels to be found in and upon such ground, houses and premises, or any of them, out of w-hicli such arrear or arrears shall be due at the election of the said corporation, or their successors; and in case they shall choose to proceed for recovery of the said arrear or arrears by distress as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for any three or more members of the said corporation, by warrant or warrants under their hands and seals, to authorize and empower any person or persons, and such person or persons is and are hereby authorized and empowered to enter into and upon such grounds, "houses and premises, or any of them,-out of which such arrears of the said rates and fees shall be due, and to distrain for the fame, and immediately to sell and dispose of the distress and distrcfles which shall be then and there found, and out of the money arising by such sale to pay and diiclmigc such arrear or arrears, and all costs and

The tiirtj-feconcl Year of George III.

331

charges attending the taking and felling of such distress or A.D.

iifireffcs' . Clup^-.

XIV. And be it enacted, That all and every tax, rate,

rent, or duty charged and chargeable upon any person or persons for or on account of keeping the said walls in repair i." ".pair U-before the passing of this act, shall from and after the said to «afc A -m twenty-fourth day of June next, cease and determine, and 2+ ful""cxl' be no longer payable.

XV. And whereas differences have arisen, and one or more salt or suits at law or in equity is or are now depending between certain persons inlerested in the said south lots, and some of their tenants in possession of those parts of the said south lots fronting to and immediately adjoining the aforesaid south quay walls, with respect to the expence of keeping the said south quay wall in repair: be it therefore enact- Tensnti cd, That it shall be lawful for such tenant or tenants re- ytiuJViejJ fpcQively, as shall from time to time pay the said yearly LcTfrom sums or rates, or any of them, to sue for and recover from i*rfo,s 'vll°

shall appear

the person or persons, body or bodies politic or corporate, to have h«n tvho is or are, or shall appear to have been subject and liable wiM«, to repair the fame, the full amount of all fuin and sums of money which such tenant or tenants shall hereafter pay for or on account of the aforesaid rates and fees, by this act charged and chargeable upon the said lait mentioned parts of the said south lots; and in case such tenant or tenants shall tenantshoM-

/_11 ing icmctU*

hold immediately under the person or persons who mall ap- auiy under pear to have been so subject or liable, it shall and may be lawful for such tenant or tenants to deduct and reimburse himself or themselves out of the rent or rents payable by him ialt-or them to such person or persons so subject or liable, the full amount of all such sum or sums of money as such tenant or tenants shall so pay as aforesaid.

XVI. And be it enacted, That all and every person and jcrj,0’Jur" persons whatsoever, having any cf.atc or interest in the feve- i,.Tot in ral parts of the said north and south quay walls herein before "{yj pailicularly mentioned, shall he, and are hereby from and after the passing this act, freed, exonerated, and discharged al1 "I'li'eanon

r # w («> repair, &c.

of and from all obligation which he or they, or any of them, from passing

was or were under or subject to of amending or repairing

the said walls, and of and from all charges and expence what- an,ifr<Mn a,l

rspences,

soever on account thereof, save the payments and rates by ta;.(,

this act directed and appointed to be paid as aforesaid, and ej, ln;,i 11S + 02 save Lccner;

352

The thirtj-second Year of George III.

A.D.

save as herein after is mentioned; and that no person or

1792* persons whatsoever, save the said corporation and their fuc-

QiaP- 35* ce(Tors, shall upon any account whatsoever, alk, demand,

none but cor or receive from the mailer or commander of any vessel ar-potation to ... ’ J

receive quay- riving in the port or 'harbour of Dublin any sum or sums of

age, See. from i r r

any captain, money, by way of quayage or portage, or for or on account of keeping the said walls in repair.

Corporation

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall

qu&'fogo- anc* may '^aw^u^ to anc* ^or the said corporation and their

vernonof successors, from time to time, to abate and relinquish to the

marine rcliool,

the taxes pay- governors of the marine school the whole or such of the afore-

ab.V by them, -

laid taxes, payments, rates and duties, as are by this act payable out of the ground, house and premisses occupied by them, as the said corporation shall from time to time think nmimaymalte Pr0Per or expedient, and also tp make such compensation as compeofation they shall think fit, to any person or persons being the owner fomh fide or owners, occupier or occupiers of any ground or house or wi'ihiiMu ' houses - on the south fide of the said river, as has or have

mmiilis repaired die wall.

within twelve months immediately previous to the passing of -this act, repaired or amended any part or parts of the said rvall oppofnc to his, her, or their respective holdings.

XVIII. And whereas by an act passed in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An aQfor 'promoting the trade of Dublin, by rendering its port and harbour more commodious; it is enacted, That each and every ship and' vessel, which from and after the passing the said act, should arrive in the said harbour of Dublin, (except ships or vessels laden with coals, and such coafiing vessels trading as therein mentioned), should pay to the said corporation the sum of five shillings fierling for every voyage such (bip or vessel should make to the said harbour, and every such ship or vessel laden with coals as aforesaid, and every such coafiing vessel as aforesaid, should pay to the said corporation two shillings and six-pence fierling, for every voyage such ship or vessel laden with coals, and such coafiing vessel should id per ton make to the said harbour; be it cnadc’d. That the said last every vessel°r mentioned rates and payments shall from and after the paf-cmU and f'ng of tl1'3 act ccafc, and that in lieu and Head thereof, and every coaster, the better to enable the said corporation to carry on the said

jii hell of 4 J

formrr rates, works. every ship or vessel laden with coals, and every coast-iJunieary, fur ing vessel which shall arrive within the said port or harbour c«ty voyage, of Dublin, or the harbour of Dunleary, shall pay to the said

corporation

'ihe shirty-second Year of George III. 555

corporation and their successors, one penny for every ton of 4’ the burthen thereof, for every voyage such <hip or vessel laden with coals, or such coasting vessel thall make to the l.—v—~j said harbour; and every other ship or vessel, which from per ton and after the passing of this act, thall arrive in the said port forc«'yo*« or harbour of Dublin, or in the said harbour of Dunleary, tliall pay to the said corporation and their successors, two' pence for every ton of the burthen thereof, for every voyage such ship or vessel tliall make to the said harbour; the said payments to- be applied by the said corporation in carrying on the said works.

XIX. And be it enacted, That for the further enabling «d. pertm the said corporation to carry on the said works, there shall be cufciSmfe paid at the custom-house of the said port, to such officer of his Majesty's revenue, as the said corporation or their fuc- carnation,

_ J - for-all timber,

cessors thall appoint for that purpose, upon timber of all (lines, arc. kinds, planks, or blocks of mahogany, and of all other kinds of wood, boards of all kinds, Haves, bricks, blocks of marble, and of all kinds of Hone, which tliall arrive on board any thip or vessel in the port or harbour of Dublin, or in the said harbour of Dunleary, the sum of sixpence for every ton of such timber of all kinds, planks, or blocks of mahogany, and of all other kinds of wood, boards of all kinds, Haves, bricks, blocks of marble, and of all kinds of Hone, the same to be paid at the time of entering the cargo of such thip or vessel at the custom-house aforesaid, the amount of which rate and payment shall be paid over by such officer of the revenue as tliall so receive the same, immediately after the receipt thereof, to the said corporation or their successors, or the ballafl matter of the said port of Dublin for the time being, for their use.

XX. And be it enacted, That it tliall not be lawful for Officer, nor

to clear nut

any officer or officers of Ins Majesty s revenue, to clear out Any, until or discharge any such thip or vessel, or the goods therein, m

until the full amount of the said last mentioned rates and duties shall be paid as aforesaid; and that in case of any iucafcofilinrt undue or ffiort entry, fraud, or concealment of, or with re- tuVciiure; spect to any such timber of all kinds, planks, or blocks of mahogany, and of all other kinds of woed, boards of all kinds,

Haves, bricks, blocks of marble, and of all kinds of Hone as aforesaid, t'ns fame shall be subject to the like seizure and

forfeiture as other goods charged, or to be charged with ’!' Vol. XVI. 4- P payment

27j£.thirty-fecor d Year of - George III.

A.D.

payment of duties, to,his Majesty are, or shall be subject '79»- to, for undue entry, 'fraud, or concealment, under, or by virtue of any law now in force, or which may hereafter be retain to enacted, relative, to his Majesty's revenues; and in case any number of difference shall arise' between the said corporation and any

failed as person or persons relative to the number of tons which such

iberun, timber of all kinds, planks, or blocks of mahogany, and of

all other ‘kinds of wood, boards of all kinds, slaves, bricks, blocks of marble, and of all kinds of stone shall contain, the same shall be settled and ascertained by the register of tonage or'lastage of such ship or vessel, or the bill of lading thereof, upon which freight to be paid to the mailer or commander of such ship or Vessel for such goods, shall be ascertained, and all parties shall be finally concluded by such register and madertnpro- bill of lading; and such mailer or commander is hereby re-bdingfpe- qu'retI on demand made by any person on the part of the

naltjf ji. said corporation, to produce such register or bill of lading,

under the penalty of five pounds for refusing so to do. Outoffirft

XXI. And be it enacted, That the said corporation shall mfad! sum out of the first monies that shall arise from the said duties fto'pln1-"1 an<^ taxes, to be raised for the repair and preservation of the ihrcach in said walls, pay into his Majesty's treasury such sum as shall

font!) wall

to be paid appear -to have been laid out in the flopping a breach in the *nt0 ltcafury‘ said South-wall, pursuant to an address of the house of commons to his excellency the lord lieutenant in the present sessions of parliament.

XXII. And in order to enable the said corporation to pav such sum into his Majesty's treasury as aforesaid, be it enact-Cn every' ed. That all that part of the said South-lots, adjoining to from pSp 'he said South-quay-wall, situate on the front of sir John ownensoroc- R°gerst>n’s quay aforesaid, bounded on the weft by that part eupiasof lots of the estate of the right honourable Luke lord baron Mount-

herem de-

feribed, now joy, and John Bowes Benson, esquire, now or heretofore

ifai'ofM'flcf *n the possession of Charles Edward Mayne, esquire, or his

fndN?dm|Ca"t- undertenants; and on the east by the quay adjoining the

Le Favre, or river Dodder, and which said part of the said South-lots is their under* . ,_r

tenants, to now in the possession of Edward Kent and Nicholas Le Favre, 5!ahu« or their undertenants, under the said Luke loid baron 'at'»°,thuntil Mounjoy, and part of which fronts the said part of the said sum laid.out South-wall in which the aforesaid breach happened, shall,

for flopping r , rr

breach be irom the passing of this act, itand charged and chargeable Juration!" with, and that all and every person and persons who are or shall

The thirty-second Year of George III.

Additional rate to ccafe when fnra for repairing breach shall

335

shall be the occupier or occupiers, or in any manner in pof- A.D. session of the said part of the said South-lots, shall yearly and every year, on every twenty-fourth day of June, pay, —»

or cause to be paid unto the said corporation and their fuc-cessors, at the ballast-office of the port of Dublin for the time being, over and above the other rates and payments before made payable thereout by this act, the further and additional sum of two shillings sterling for each and every foot which the said part of the said South-lots so in the possession of the said Edward Kent and Nicholas Le Favre contains, until such time as the whole of the said sum so laid out in the flopping the aforesaid breach, shall be fully paid in to the said corporation or their successors, the first payment of the said additional or further yearly sum to«be made on the twenty-fourth day of June next.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That so soon as the said sum which has been so laid out in repairing the said breach, shall by the payment of the said further and additional rate or yearly sum of two shillings by the foot, Wpaid. for the said last mentioned part of the said South-lots, or by

one entire payment to be made by or on the part of the owners, proprietors, or occupiers of the said last mentioned part of the said South-lots, be paid to the said corporation, the said further or additional rate or yearly sum shall cease and determine, and be no longer payable, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted,_ That if the I'crf-m who person or persons who shall by virtue of this act pay to the mVof said corporation or their successors, the aforesaid additional

yearly sum of two shillings per foot, for the said last menu-oned part of the said South-lots, shall make it appear that i:irc;ar. any other person or persons, bodies or body politic or corporate, was or were bound, or liable to the keeping the said wall in repair, and preventing the said breach, then and iu that case the person or persons so paying the said additional yearly sum, shall and may recover the fame by action at law or otherwise, as he or they may be advised, against such person or persons, body or bodies politic or corporate, who shall appear to have been so bound or liable.

XXV. And whereas the said corporation may find it ne-ccfiiiry, in order to enable them the more effectually to carry into execution the purposes of this act, to borrow one or

4 P 2 more

Tie thirty-fecord Year of George III.

more'-fern or sums cf money upon the credit of the taxes, payments, rates, duties and revenues to arise by this act, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it corporation shall and may be lawful to and for the said corporation to nvmiy at in- take up and borrow upon the credit of the said taxes, pny-gnl intciilt, ments) rates; duties and revenues, any sum or sums of money they shall think necessary, at any rate of interest not exceeding the legal interest of money, at the time or times -dtbenturM of borrowing such sum or sums of money respectively, for «by zee,. 3. which purpose it shall and may be lawful to and for the said corporation to issue debentures under their common seal, for the sum or sums of money so to be borrowed, in such manner and form as the said corporation by any bye-law or bye-laws to be entered into by them, pursuant to the directions of the said act passed in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for promoting the trade of Dublin, by rendering its port and harbour more. commodious, shall appoint, which debentures and the sums therein reflectively contained, shall be actual charges and liens upon the said taxes, payments, rates, duties, and revenues, or so much thereof as shall be specified in such debentures respectively.

XXVI. And to the end that all and every the sum and sums of money which shall arise, grow due, and be levied from time to time by force and virtue of this act, or may be borrowed pursuant thereto, may be properly and effectually applied to the purposes of this act, be it enacted by the

Corporation authority aforesaid, That the said corporation shall once in annusy'be- every Year, lay before the commissioners of imprest accounts, Soneradfa" a trne an<* Per^e<^ account of all and every sum and sums rreitac- of money which shall be received, levied, and borrowed as

counts* J

aforesaid, within the year immediately preceding the fur-

nishing of such account} and also how and in what particular manner the same shall have been applied, which account shall be so furnished under the seal of the said corporation.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said corporation for preserving and improving the port of Dublin, and their successors, to fell to the owner or owners, tenant or tenants cf any lot or lots of ground, house or houses on cither fide of the said river

PMcbafc"rS Liffey, which are or shall be charged or chargeable with any

'Corporation may fell to owners or tenants of lots, &c. the rates chargeable thereon, for uot lefj

of

1792. Gliap. 35.

The thirty-fectmd Year of George III. 337

of the rates or payments by this act appointed to be levied A.D. and raised, his, her, or their heirs, executors, administrators and assigns respectively for ever, such rates and payments as are or shall be so charged and chargeable upon such lot or lots of ground, house or houses, for any sum or films of money to be paid to the said corporation or their successors, not less than the amount of twenty-five years purchase of the amount of such rates or payments so to be sold; and upon payment of such purchase money as aforesaid to the said corporation or their successors, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said corporation and their successors, by any writing under their common seal, to release and discharge such owner or owners, tenant or tenants, and the house or houses charged and chargeable with the rates and payments so fold; and then and from thenceforth, such owner or owners, tenant or tenants, and such lot or lots of ground, house or houses, shall Hand and remain for ever discharged of and from all and every the rates and duties which shall be so fold.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be Corporation lawful to and for the said corporation anil their successors,

to treat and agree with the lord mayor, Ihcriffs, commons,

and citizens of the city of Dublin, with respect to any pay- meutiiimiini;.

ment, tax, rate, or duty to be paid by the said iord mayor,

sheriffs, commons, and citizens, to the said corporation, towards the fund for carrying on the said works, and the manner of paying and collecting the fame, and that such agreement as the said corporation shall so make with respect thereto, shall be binding and conclusive to all intents and purposes upon the said corporation and their successors, and also upon the said lord mayor, flierifts, commons, and citizens, and their successors.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That all and every the pro- Proprietors prietors and tenants of those parts of the aforesaid north and lift!,"all south-lots, fronting and next adjoining to the said north J^7'!?7r° and south-quay walls, shall from time to time, and at all in retimes for ever hereafter, keep the -inner wali of each of the lu'r’

said quays next adjoining such lots respectively, in good and futEcient repair, and of a full and proper height above the roads or pathways on each of the said walls; and in de- penalty (nr fault thereof, and for every time such default shall be com- r*oi7ioT' mitted, the proprietor or proprietors, tenant or tenants,

Vol. XVI. 4 Q, immediately

33-8

A.D. 1792. Chap. y.

Corpo^'tion may repair v.*alU, ?ik] levy exjinice on propruti.T or (cticMtC.

Canal erm-pan'es roc cJiatgeabltf.

Persons of cf-i,ie» in fic tail, 01 for life, in Nut 1 li lots, widi remainder to fun, fee. and others as herein de-fcrilnd, may rhmife in polFcflion, anil not in rtverfloii, as hciciu.

The thirty ft caul Year eft George III.

immediately occupying such iot or lots, shall forfeit to the said corporation or their successors, for the purposes of this act, the sum of ten pounds sterling-, and it shall in that case be lawful for t’ne said corporation and their fuccciiors, to cause such inner wall to be properly repaired and raised, and to levy the expence thereof, together with the said penally, by distress and sale of the goods of such proprietor or proprietors, tenant or tenants, such distress and sale to be made and executed by warrant, under the hands and foals of three or more members of the said corporation.

XXX. And be it enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall charge, or be construed, deemed or taken to charge the company of undertakers of the grand canal, or the royal canal company, with any of the rates, taxes, or payments hereby directed to be raised and paid to the said corporation for preserving and improving the port and harbour of Dublin, for, or in respect of any of the aforesaid let or lots of ground, situate in front and adjoining to the said north and south-quay walls, which may be ttfed or occupied by the said companies, or either of them, for the purposes of the said canals, or either of them, or of any dock or docks for shipping, which may be made or erected by the said companies, or either of them.

XXXI. And whereas encouraging the crcftion of buildings on the said north-lots will very much benefit the owners and proprietors thereof, and those seized of and entitled to any estate in remainder or expectancy therein -, be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may, from the time of passing this act, be lawful to and for all and every person and persons who now is or are, or at any time hereafter shall be seized in law or equity of an estate in fee tail, in such lots, or any of them, or of an estate for life therein, with an immediate remainder to his or her first and every other son in tail mail; and to and for every husband who now is, or at any time hereafter shall be tenant for life thereof, with remainder to his wife for her life, with remainder to the first and every other son successively in tail general or special, and to and for every married woman together, married woman and her husband in her right, shall be seized of any such lot or lots in fee, or as tenants for the life of such married woman, with a remainder to her husband for life, with.remainder to their first and other sons in tail general

3 or

The thirty-second Year of George III. 339

or special, or with an immediate remainder to her first and A.D. other sons; and also to and for every father tenant for life of any fitch lot or lots, with remainder to his son for life, with remainder to the first and every other sons of such son in tail general or special; and also to and for every person and persons who now arc, or at any time hereafter shall be tenant in dower, or by courtesy of any such lot or lots, by and with the consent and concurrence of such person or persons as shall be seized in reversion or remainder of an cflalc of inheritance immediately expedant upon the death of such tenant in dower, or by courtesy, or in case of the nonage, idiotcy, or lunacy of such person so seized in reversion or remainder, then with and by the consent of the guardian or guardians of such minor, or the committee of such idiot or lunatic, by and with the approbation of the lord chancellor for the time being, in the said cases of nonage, or idiotcy or lunacy, by indentures under their respective hands and foals, whereof counterparts are to be duly executed by the respective lessees, to demise in possession, and not in reversion or expediancy, any of the said north-lots, of which they or any of them shall be so seized or possessed, unto any person or persons, body or bodies politic or corporate, for one or more life or lives renewable for ever, or for any term of years at the full improved yearly value of such lots, to be set to a solvent tenant at the time of making such lease, for the purpose of making and erecting of houses and buildings upon such lot or lots so demised, without taking any fine or other consideration whatever, favc the rent thereby to be reserved for, or in respect of such lease.

XXXII. Provided always, That in case a sum or sums of Afnmr.ot money, not less than five hundred pounds for every lot which shall be so demised, shall not be laid out and ex- inhnijclii.gon pended upon the lot or lots which shall be so demised, with- within j’yean in five years after the making such lease or demise, in crc£t- voa! or ing one or more good and sufficient house or buildings of brick or (lone upon such lot or lots; then and in that case, and from the time of the expiration of the said term of five years, such lease or demise shall be absolutely null and void; but if such sum and sums of money as aforesaid, shall be so laid out and expended as aforesaid, within the said term of five years, on such lot or lots as shall be so demised, then such lease for lives renewable for ever, shall be good 4 CL 2 and

34°

The ihlriy-feccnd Year of George III.

A.D. 1702.

Gimp.

1’eifun?

ufutt; adjoin*

on norili lot:, to n y of list? value to per-

f'UlS prCViO!lf-

ly in [mlTef-lion;

to he recovered by civil bill.

Forums \v!in have liiif: and

inkui n\v.iy

clay .'nd land fioin no'ih ami call waifs, to til) up holes, &c. within mouth asur notice, penalty 5l.

coils and forfeiture to be levied by

cliltrcfa.

Grand jVy tnay picket for repairing roads on 'muth and foutli trails.

and c{Tofinal to all intents and purposes against ail and every person and persons, body and bodies politic and corporate, claiming any estate in such land in reversion, remainder, fucccwion or expeflancy.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That in case the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors of any of the said north-lots which is or are not now enclosed, shall hereafter enclose the fame, and in so doing shall make use of any wall built, or to be built by the owner or proprietor of any of the said lots adjoining thereto; the person or persons making use of such wall for such criclosure, shall pay to the person or persons who shall previously be in possession of such wall as aforesaid, one half of the value which such wall shall be of at the time of making such enclosure; the same to be recovered by civil bill before the recorder of the city of Dublin.

XXXIV. And whereas divers persons have heretofore dug and taken from the road along the north and cast-walls bounding the said river, quantities of the clay and sand which compofo the said roads, and have thereby made holes and pits in the fame, to the great injury thereof; for remedy whereof, be it ensiled, That the said person or persons, shall, within one month after he, flic, or they shall be required so to do, by notice in writing under the hands of three or move of the members of the said corporation, fill up such holes and pits, or in default thereof shall forfeit to the said corporation the sum of five pounds sterling; and in that case -it shall and may be lawful to and for the said corporation to cause the said holes and pits to be so filled up, and to levy the -coils and expence thereof, together with the' said forfeiture or penalty, by distress and sale of the 'goods and chattels of the person or persons guilty of such default; the said distress and sale to be made and executed by any person or persons authorised so to-do, by warrant under the hands and sea-is of three or more of the members of the said -corporation.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That it (hrtl! and may be lawful for the grand jury of the city of Dublin, in every Easter term, in'each and every year for ever hereafter, to cause to be presented and raised upon the county of the city of Dublin, at large, in the manner prescribed by the law's now in -force, for raising money by preferment, for repairing roads in

counties.

Toe thirty-second Year of George III. gj,r

counties, or'counties of cities, a sum of money sufficient for A.D. repairing. the roads upon the said north and south walls, 1792-bounding the said river.

XXXVI. And whereas certain of the proprietors of the said north-lots, have since the first day of January last pall, laid out and expended a sum of money in making a temporary repair in and upon the said wall, on the north fide of the said river, which repair was necessary for the preservation of the said wall; be it enacted, That it shall and ra. may be lawful to and for the said corporation, and they are ViVj’j.'IV«tt,e hereby required out of the first monies that shall arise from 'nailing

4 < north wall,

the said duties, rates, and taxes, to be raised as aforesaid, >> iw t-ai.i by pay unto the person or persons such sum or sums of money to pi-rfon who as the said person or persons so expended in repairing the said wall as aforesaid, provided that the sum so to be paid soe'1-shall not exceed in the whole the sum of two hundred pounds sterling. '

XXXVII. And whereas the federal powers vested in the corporation for preserving and improving the port of Dublin, by the aforesaid act passed in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, and the several regulations thereby enacted, have been found insufficient for the carry-' ing into complete execution the useful and salutary purposes of the said act; and it is therefore necessary to grant further " powers to the said corporation, and enact further regulations with respect to the conduct of the mailers, owners, and managers of shipping resorting to the said port, harbour, and bay of Dublin, and the harbour of, Dunlcary; and of boats, barges, lighters, and other vessels plying within the said port and harbours respectively.: and whereas notwithstanding the directions and regulations contained in the said act, several vefle's which have arrived and discharged in the port and harbour of Dublin, and harbour of Dunleary, have Alice the passing of the said act, failed from the said port and hatbours respectively, without paying to the said corporation the rates and duties payable to the said corporation under the said act of parliament; be it therefore enacted by the Mailers of authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this act,' if any vessel which shall arrive in the said port or liar- w-

7 J , L nig rates and

bour of Dublin, or in the said harbour of Dunleary, shall duties pay. fail therefrom without paying to the said corporation, or the Gw. 3. for. officer who shall be appointed by the said corporation to rc- ali^t x'c.

R

ceive

24s The thirty-second Year of George III.

A.D.

ceive the fame, the full amount of all such rates and du-r702- ties as shall be due and payable by the matter or commander of such ship or vessel, pursuant to the said recited act, such matter or commander, shall forfeit to the said corporation the sum of ten pounds sterling; and shall be also personally subject and liable to the payment of the full amount of all such rates and duties as shall be then To due and payable;, to hr recover- and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said corpora-

-edbya&ion ' t

a herein: . -tioBL-st-any time after such venel shall 10 fail, to recover the

amount of the said rites and duties 'by an action at law,

: against such matter or commander, in any of his Majesty’s

courts of record in this kingdom; and for that purpose to arrest and implead such matter or commander, and to hold him to special bail in such action, the ballast matter of the said port of Dublin, first ascertaining the amount of such rates and duties as shall be so due and payable, 'by affidavit before a judge of the court in which such action shall be in-

ifrtlanlrt tended to be brought; and further-that such veffeTfo failing, of ioi.&c. ./hall be liable to, and charged and chargeable, as well with: the said forfeiture of ten pounds, as all such rates and du-

ties as shall be so due and payable as aforesaid.; and that it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said corporation, by warrant under the hands of three of the members of the said corporation, to be directed to such person as they /hall

?iMdami',e think fit for that purpose, at any time after the said vessel dlflralneJ. shall To fail, to Teize and1 distrain fuch1 vessel, if found within any port, harbour, or creek within this kingdom; and all her fails, mails, rigging, tackle and furniture, for the payment of the said forfeiture, and of all such arrears of the said rates and duties, as shall be then -payable upon such vessel by such matter or commander, whether such vessel shall at the time of such seizure be commanded by the fame matter or commander who commanded the fame at the time the said vessel so failed or not; and that in case the said penalty and all such arrears as aforesaid, of the said rates

and duties, >shall not be paid to the said corporation, or them -proper officer, within seven days after such seizure, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said corporation, -or the person to whom such warrant shall be directed as aforesaid, to sell and dispose of the said vessel, and all her fails, mails, rigging, tackle, and furniture, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient for payment of the said penalty-of ten pounds;

and

The thirty-second Year of George III. 343

and all such arrears of the said rates and duties as shall be io A.D.

due and payable as aforesaid; and that it shall be at the '792-1 J . L.liap. ic,

election of the said corporation either to enforce payment

of the said penalty, rates and duties, from the said mailer

as aforesaid, or by feizine and distraining such vessels, and cniorce pay.

& 0 nant from

her fails, malts, rigging, tackle and furniture for the fame mailer or

r r \ seize vessel.

as aforesaid.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That all vessels carrying Commander,

of vessel! car-

passengers only, the mailer or commander of which shall pay rying paf-to the said corporation, at one entire payment, a sum of u«l! yly, money, amounting to all rates chargeable by the said recited act of the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his prefen’t Ma- iwi>td by

1 26 G. 3- for 6

jesty, and this act, upon such vessel, to be computed upon vtijdgcs, at fix voyages, shall be at liberty for the space of one year y^r';' ^' then next ensuing, and to be computed from the day on which such payment shall be made, to fail from and to the said port of Dublin, with passengers only, as often within such year as the mailer or commander of such vessel shall think fit: Provided always, That all vessels uoon which «*KTw;r-

J 4_fuhK-a

such payment as aforesaid, shall not be made at one entire ntesuwirr payment, shall be subject to, and charged and chargeable c:ted with all such rates and duties for every voyage such vessel shall ma"ke, as such'vessels would have been otherwise subject to, and charged and chargeable with, under the said recited act of parliament, and this present act.

XXXIX. And whereas mailers of vessels leaving the said portand harbour-of Dublin, frequently make entries at the custom:house of theqeort of Dublin, of dung to be Hupped OH board such vessels, and obtain permits thereon, and afterwards under colour of- such entries and permits, ship on board such vessels, ilreet 'dirt, coal allies, paving Hones, gravel-and rubbish, and matters of the like nature, or dung

onixed with such matters as aforesaid; for remedy whereof, M;,(|,r,of be it enacted, That if any mailer or commander of any ship or vessel, which shall arrive in the said port or harbour of matter, here-

in mentioned*

Dublin, shall in any manner or 'under any pretence what- coniWemia, ever, pot or takeon board, or permit or suffer to be put or hUnV taken:on board any such ship or vessel, any ilreet dirt, coal corpo^a'tlonT afiies, paving stones, gravel or rubbish of any kind whatsoever, or any matter or matters of the like nature, save by 26 G. 3-the ballast to be furnished by such corporation,) or any dung mixed with the said matters, or any of them, such mailer 4 R 2 or

344 77j(? ih'triy-second Year of George III.

A.D.

or commander shall be deemed and considered as having 1792* bought and purchased, and taken on board such (liip or vessel, ballast not furnifted by the said corporation, and stall forfeit and pay for every such offence all such fine and fines, penalty and penalties, as is or are by the said recited act of parliament of the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, directed to be forfeited and paid by matters or commanders of vessels, guilty of buying or purchasing, or permitting to be put on board such ship or vessel ballad not furnittied by the said corporation; and any person or per-fititoll fons who stall in any manner furnift for the use of such or ve^c' ^uc' street dirt, coal allies, paving Hones, to like prnal- gravel or rubbift, or any matter of the like nature stall G. 3. be deemed guilty of having fold ballast for the use of such ship or vessel, and shall forfeit and pay such fine and fines as is or are by the said receited act; of parliament of the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, directed to be forfeited and paid by persons felling ballast for the use of any fllip or vessel.

Matters en-

XL. And be it enacted, That every matter or commander any vessel entitled under the said recited act of parlia- entrjr, and ment of the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present

procure a per- < J 0 r

mit as herein, Majesty, to carty dung from the said port of Dublin, who stall ship, or cause to be shipped, dung on board any such vessel, shall previous to the shipping of such dung, make entry thereof, with the proper officer of his Majesty's revenue in the said port, as dung to be shipped on board such vessel, and shall procure a permit from the said officer for the shipping such dung on board such vessel, and such matter or commander shall previous to the shipping of such dung, bring and deliver such permit to the ballad-matter of the port of Dublin for the time being, at the ballast-office of the said port; and the said ballast-master of other officer matter to pay appointed for that purpose by the said corporation, is here-« M'att"-'1 by required thereupon, on being paid by such matter or coin-",nCC'f’bl manl^er onc British shilling, to make a true entry in the last-KMiier i books of the said ballast-office of the date of such permit, and the quantity of dung therein mentioned as intended to be shipped, and to certify whether the vessel mentioned in such permit be qualified to receive such dung on board or not; and if such ballast-master'(hall so certify that such

y.cffel is so qualified, the matter of such vessel shall be autho- C' rized

The ihiriy-second Year of ' George III.

lized to receive on board such vessel such quantity of dung as shall be mentioned in fitch permit and certificate, and no more; and if any limiter or commander of any vessel qualified to take dung on board as aforesaid, shall put or take on board, or permit or suffer to be pul or taken on board any such vessel any dung whatever, without making luth entry, and obtaining such permit as aforesaid, and delivering such permit to the said ballast-master as herein before is directed, or shall receive on board such vessel any greater quantity of dung than shall be mentioned in such permit or certificate, -every such matter or commander shall forfeit to the said corporation such sum as the said corporation fiiai! think fit, not -exceeding five pounds.

XLI. And be it enacted, That all dung which shall be shipped on board any such vessel as aforesaid in the port of Dublin, shall be shipped from such part or parte of the quays oil each side of the river Liflcy, as shall be from time to time directed and appointed by the said corporation for that purpose, and at no other place or places whatsoever; and that all dung which shall be so shipped, shall be put on board such vessel immediately, upon the fame being brought to such part or parts of the -said quays as shall be appointed as aforesaid for that purpose; and that no dung so to be ship-'pfid shall be laid upon the said quays, but all such dung shall immediately upon the fame coming to or-arriving at such part or parts of the said quays as aforesaid, be conveyed into such vessel immediately from the cart, car, or other vessele which shall have -brought the same to such quay, by means of a hurry or trough of wood, or in ciofc barrows, (and not with a (hovel,) in such manner as that no part of such-dung shall fall into the said harbour or river, or upon the -said quays, or any part thereof; and if any such dung shall not bo put on board any such vessel immediately upon the fame being brought to the said quays as aforesaid, or if any such dung shall be laid on the said quays, or be conveyed in any other manner than is herein before directed into any such vessel, the matter or commander of such vessel on board which such dung shall be put, or intended to be put, and also all and every person and persons who shall lie concerned or acting in so -laying down such dung, or conveying the fame into such vessel, shall each of them, upon being convicted of any of the said offences before the said corporation,’ by the oath

Vol. XVI. t. S of

i-u.ilor Ijt

liiv than n

f«im i.oi fK-

cicJinr 51-

Duustiobe Aiipp-d v/ueic s»ppvi:*.t«U mid hnnicdt-Jt'.fly after bc-tirj! bi ought

not (o 1>e laid on the quay,

bow to be n»m*ycd to VC (Tel.

penalty on nn.fter, and persons com* oernrii in to}’-

inj; down

tlunif, any sum not vx-cccdiny

2^6 The ibirty-second 2 ear of George I'll.

A.- D. of one credible wilness, forfeit for every such offence such '_ fllm as the said corporation shall think fit, not exceeding forly shillings; one moiety thereof to be paid to the person who shall give such information, and the other moiety there-ro-rotation of to the said corporation: and the said corporation are here-fur" by empowered by themselves, or their officers by them there-unto authorized, to seize and distrain the fails, rigging and furniture, and other matters to be found on board such vessel, or a sufficient part thereof, for payment of such fine as shall be so imposed upon such matter or commander, and also to seize and dittrain the cart, car, or other carriage or vessele by which such dung shall be brought to the said quays, or any part thereof as aforesaid, for the aforesaid fine or fines so imposed on such person or persons, who shall be concerned or acting in so laying down such dung, or conveying the fame into such vessel, contrary to the direfiions of this act; and in case the said fine or fines shall not respectively be paid within seven days after such seizure or seizures, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said corporation, or any of their officers thereunto authorized, to fell by public cant the said fails, rigging, tacldc and furniture, or a sufficient part thereof, for payment of the said fine so to be imposed on such matter or commander, and also to fell by public cant such car, cart, or other carriage or vessele, returning the overplus of the money arising by such sale or sales rc-fpcdiively, if any, to the respective owner or owners of the matters or matter which shall be so fold.

XL!I. And be it enacted, That from such time as the

Alter v.ar*

liiicDiicipc new bridge now creding across the river Liffey, and intended, ami a cd to be called Carlisle- Bridge, shall be finished, and the said for T.wedn/ corporation shall have erected, or cause to be erected, a pro-;malts'!!"11" Per an<l sufficient crane, or other machine for assisting vef-.vessel to take fe]s in lowering or hoisting out their marts, no vessel what-boarii, except soever failing from the said port of Dublin, shall be per-aa h.tt.ui, jetted to take on board any dung, unless such vessel shall immediately previous to shipping or taking on board such dung, have unladed the cargo with which such vessel shall immediately previous thereto have arrived within the said port above and at the westward of said bridge, or shall have discharged such cargo in some of the docks which may be formed by the company of undertakers of the grand canal, or the royal canal company; and if any vessel whatever 3 shall

The thirty-second Year of George III.

shall at any time after the said bridge shall be finished, and the said corporation shall have erected such crane,or other machine as aforesaid, ship or take on board any dung whatsoever, without having immediately previous to so doing unladed her cargo above and at the westward of said bridge, or having discharged her cargo in some of the said docks, the matter or commander of every such vessel shall forfeit and pay to the said corporation, such sum . as the said corporation shall think St, not exceeding the sum of Svc pounds sterling.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That the said corporation shall be, and are hereby empowered to grant licenses to the owner, or owners of all boats which shall be employed as pilot-boats within the said port, harbour, or bay of Dublin, and in the said harbour of Dunleary; provided that the ovycer or owners of every such boat shall previous to the granting such license, enter into security by himself or themselves, and one other good and sufficient person as his or their sureties, to be approved of by the said corporation, by bond in the penalty or sum of one hundred pounds fter-.iing, conditioned to keep up such boat in good order and condition, and to have the fame at all times properly manned, and to abide and be determined by such reasonable and ac.customed rates for piloting, as the said corporation shall by any rule, order, or bye-law to be made and ordained by them, pursuant to the powers vetted in them by the said iaft iaenlioned act agree upon, and also to abide by, perform and Fulfil all such rules, orders, bye-laws, and regulations as the said corporation shall, pursuant to the said powers, make and ordain, relative to the condufl of the owners of such boats.

XLFV. And be it enacted, That if any boat or vessel, the owner or owners of which shall not be licensecj as aforesaid, and the owner or owners of which shall not have given such security as aforesaid, shall be found plying within the said port or harbour of Dublin, cr within the said harbour of Dunleary, as a pilot-boat, or if any such owner or owners of any such boat shall refuse or neglect to enter into such security, and perform the requisites enjoined by this act, then and for every of the said offences, and for every time any of the said offences shall lie committed, the owner or matter cf such boat shall forfeit such sum as the said S 2 corporation

Penalty not exceeding jl.

Terms on wh’V'i pilot hiMstniv f>2 Hccnfcri by corporation.

Pemli owners i

IxMliUn

ornfnl* i ing as pi boats, at. sum' not

Cccd:ug

34a

A.D. 1792.

Chap^3j.

Penalty fcr \vHhdrcv/itij

jiilot-boiit

without 3 mouths notice, any sum not exceeding 20l,

Corporation may ascertain compensation to pilots for extra service.

Corporation may ascertain compensation to perfous Mho shall Hud anchors or eal)les, as hc.eu.

The thirty-second Year of George III.

corporation shall think fit, not exceeding the sum of twenty pounds sterling.

XLV. And be it enacted, That no pilot-boat, the owner or owners of which shall be so licensed, shall be withdrawn from its regular attendance on the business and duties of the pilot-service, unless the owner or owners thereof shall give to the said corporation, or the bailaft-master for the time being, three months previous notice in writing, signed by him, of his or their intention of withdrawing said boat from such service, on pain of forfeiting to the said corporation such sum of money not exceeding twenty pounds, as the said corporation shall think fit.

XLVI. And be it enacted, That in case of any service or services performed by any pilot Licensed by the said corporation, not within his immediate duty as pilot, in the preservation of any ship or vessel which may be in danger of being loft or injured, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said corporation to ascertain such'compensation as they shall think fit, to be made to such pilot, in addition to the usual pilotage to be paid to such pilot for such extra service, with which "said compensation so to be ascertained, the master or commander of such vessel, and such vessel shall ftnnd charged in like manner as they are charged and chargeable with the rates and duties payable under the said recited r.ft of the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty; and the said corporation are hereby empowered to raise, levy and collect the amount of such compensation, in like manner and by such means as they are by the said recited act of the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, and this present act, empowered to raise, levy, and collect the said rates and duties, and to pay the amount thereof when received by them, to the pilot or pilots performing such extra service or services.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That the said corporation shall have full power and authority to award and ascertain the amount of such compensation as they shall think fit, to be paid by the matter or commander, or owner or owners of any ship or vessel which may be driven from her moorings by distress of weather or otherwise, within the said port, harbour, or bay of Dublin, or within the said harbour of Dunlcary, to any person or persons who shall search for, find or discover the anchor or anchors, cable or cables of such I vessel.

27>e thirty-second Year of George III.

vessel, which may have been left behind by such vessel cn her being driven from her moorings as aforesaid; provided such anchor or anchors, cable or cables shall have remained forty-eight hours in the place where the same shall have been so left behind, before the same shall have been so found.

XLVIII. And provided also. That such anchor or anchors, cable or cables, shall on the fame being found by such person or persons, be delivered to the mailer or commander of such vessel, or in case of his absence shall be depoiiteri in the yard of the said ballast-office for his use; and in case the mailer or commander, or owner or owners of such ship or vessel, shall refuse or neglect to pay on demand to the person or persons who shall find such anchor or anchors, cable or cables, the amount of such compensation as shall be ascertained as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said corporation, by warrant under the hands and seals of three of the members of the said corporation, to seize and distrain all the mails, rigging, tackle, furniture, and other matters to be found on board such vessel, or a sufficient part thereof, and to sell and dispose of the fame for payment of the amount of such compensation, and the said corporation shall pay the amount of such compensation when received or recovered by them, to the person or persons who shall find such anchor or anchors, cable or cables.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons who shall find any such anchor or cable, or ffall by any means get the fame into his, her, or their possession, shall for the space of twenty-four hours after finding the fame, or getting the fame into his, her, or their possession, omit to give information thereof to the matter or commander of the vessel to which the same shall belong, or to the bal-last mailer of the said port for the time being, such person or persons shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds sterling, one half thereof to be paid to the said corporation, and the other half thereof to the person who shall give information of such person or persons having found or gotten into his, her, or their possession such anchor or cable, without giving such notice as aforesaid.

L. And be it enacted, That the matter or commander of any vessel, which shall take in ballast in the said port of harbour of Dublin, or in the said harbour of Dunleary, or

Vol. XVI. 4T such

Malts He. may l»e fctV.cd for compsn-falion.

Penalty on keeping any malt or cable 24. hours, wMiout giving infoima-tio:i, 20l.

Penalty on mailers, &c. not signing certificate of quantity of ballad j

35° A.D. 1793.

The thirty-second Year of George III.

Chap. 35.

and on all who arrive neglecting to give pilot a certificate of number of feet of wa-- ter which vessel draws.

such other person as shall have the command or direction of such vessel, during the absence of the matter or commander thereof, shall sign and give to such person as shall deliver such ballast on board such vessel, a certificate in writing, of the true quantity of ballast which shall be received on board such vessel, on pain of forfeiting to the said corporation in case of his neglect to do so, such futn as the said corporation shall think fit, not exceeding forty /hillings; and also that every matter or commander, or other person commanding or direfiling any vessel, which shall arrive within the said port or harbour of Dublin, or within the said harbour of Dunleary, shall <ign and deliver to the pilot who shall be on board such vessel, a certificate in writing, of the true number of feet of water which such vessel shall draw, on pain in case of his neglecting to do so, or of such return being false of forfeiting to the said corporation, such sum as the said corporation shall think fit, not exceeding forty /hillings.

LI. And be it enacted. That any pilot or gabbard-man, or any person whatsoever, who shall counterfeit any certificate, Sc. any catCi receipt, or other writing or instrument whatsoever, or

sum not ex- r 0

tiimr 51. or produce to the said corporation, or any of the officers of the said corporation, any counterfeited or false certificate, receipt, or other writing or instrument whatsoever, for the purpose of obtaining any sum or sums of money from the said corporation, on pretence of any payment or payments to be made by the said corporation, and shall be thereof convifited before the said corporation, by the oath of one credible witness, shall forfeit to the said corporation, such sum of money as the said corporation shall think fit, not exceeding five pounds sterling; and if such person or persons shall not have wherewithal to satisfy such fine or fines, it shall and may be lawful to and for any three or more members of the said corporation, to commit such person or persons to the house of correction of the city or county of Dublin, there to be kept at hard labour, so as the term of confinement of -such person or persons, to the said house of eorrefilion, may not for any one offence exceed one month.

LII. And be it enacted, That the said corporation shall be, and are hereby empowered to grant licenses to all rowboats, failing-boats and wherries, which shall ply for hire within the said port or harbour of Dublin, or within the said

Penalty on pro’htcing a fad* cvrtifi-

crcn mowh’s ciinfinemcut In linnfs of

-Owpi'vation

in iirM.t li-

cenfcs to

hr.als a:i-< wiierrrc* p’V. iioj (or h.ie.

The thirty-second Year of George III.

laid harbour of Bunleary; and that all such row-boats; failing-boats, and wherries, flinll be numbered, and their numbers painted with conspicuous figures thereon; and shall be registered by their numbers, and by the names of their respective owners, with the balhfl-master of the said port for the time being; the owner or owners of every fitch boat, paying to the said ballast-maller the film of two Millings and eight pence halfpenny for registering the fame; and all such row-boats, failing-boats, and wherries, and the owners thereof, flinll be regulated, bound, and determined by such rates for the passage of any person or persons passing or repaying within the said port or harbour of Dublin, or within the said harbour of Bunleary; and for the freight or carriage of any goods within the said port or harbours respectively, as the said corporation fltail direift and appoint, by any rule, order, or bye-law, which the said corporation shall think fit to make, pursuant to the powers in them veiled for making rules, orders, and bye-laws; and also shall abide by, perform, and fulfil all inch rules, orders, and byc-latvs as the said corporation shall, pursuant to the said powers, make and ordain, relative to the conduit of the owners or managers of such Tow-boats, failing-boats, and wherries, in plying within the said port or harbour respectively; and in case any person or persons whatsoever, shall ply any boat for hire within the said port or harbours, or either of them, without being licensed so to do by the said corporation as aforesaid, and without such boat-being numbered and registered as aforesaid, or in case any such person or persons, or the owner or owners of any such boats or wherries, shall refute to be bound and determined by such rates for passage and freight as aforesaid, or to abide by, perform and fulfil all such rules, orders, and bye-laws as aforesaid, then and in any of the said cases such person or persons, or the owner or owners of such boats or wherries, and every of them, shall forfeit to the said corporation, such sum as the said corporation shall think fit, not exceeding forty Shillings sterling; provided always that nothing herein contained shall extend to ferry-boats plying with passengers across the river Liffey.

LIII. And be it enacted, That if any lighter-man, or the owner or owners of, or person or persons managing or conducing-any Jighter or gabbard, which shall ply within the 4 T 2 said

351

a; D.

1793* ChaPvW-

to Us numbered ami pnimtd,

and icgiller* eil,

2s B|il. far registeringj

rifles of paff.ige regulated by corporation*

and of freight,

owners to fulfil a! ant! orders of corporation;

penalty on plying tiuli-tvnfed boats for liiie, or otherwise offending a* Ueiein, any sum -not exceeding 40s.

ferry-boats

excepted.

Penalty on lighter-man, or person conducting a row-boat, refuting as

3j2 The thirty-second Year of George III.

A.D.

said port or harbour of Dublin, or within the said harboui 1792, of Dunlcary, for the carrying of goods, shall when required by any person or persons, to carry any goods to or from herein, any any ffcjp or vessel within the said port or harbours, when

tom not c.<* ' 1 4

cceding 51, not engaged in carrying other goods, refute to carry such goods to or from such ship or vessel; or in case the owner or owners of, or person or persons managing or conducing any row-boat, failing-boat, or wherry, which shall ply within the said port or harbour of Dublin, or within the said harbour of Dunleary, for the carrying of passengers within the said ports or harbours, or either of them, shall when required by any person or persons to carry such person or persons, when such boat or wherry shall not be engaged in carrying any other person or persons, refuse to carry such person or persons, requiring the fame, such lighter-man or other person or persons, so refuting to carry such goods, or the owner or owners of such lighter or gabbard, and the owner or owners of, or person or persons managing or conducting such row-boat, failing-boat, or wherry, who shall so refuse to carry such passenger or passengers as aforesaid, shall respectively forfeit for every such refusal, such sum as the said corporation shall think fit, not exceeding five pounds fierling.

TitUsin

LIV. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons, ^Tiis'piiiliy 'n company wdth any other person or persons, who

'fauiinj shall be guilty of wilfully cutting away any buoy, or buoy-

luvny 3i>v w

hiioyB, r'upcs, rope, from any anchor of any ship, lighter, vessel, or wherry, ftc'andnMt within the harbour or bay of Dublin, and the harbour of piviiip mfor- ])lin]cary or either of them, or upon the river Anna Liffey.

mntion wtth- ' r

in 24 limi-s, or from any anchor which may have been left in said bar-

deemed |.ini-

oipaK, foul hours, bay or river, or any of them, by any such Imp, ;«a"1W" lighter, or wherry, which may have parted from such an-lui.m. chor, by any enufe whatsoever; or of cutting away any rope or hawser, by which any such ship or vessel shall be fafiened to her anchor, or otherwise moored or fafiened, or in any manner whatever casting loose or cutting away any such ship, lighter, vessel or wherry from its moorings, or of defacing or taking away any floating buoy or perch, or known sea mark, such person or persons, who at the time such offences, or any of them shall be committed, shall be in company with the person or persons who shall be a (finally guilty of the said offences, or any of them, shall be deemed 1 a principal

The thirty-second Year of George III. 353

a principal or principals in the committing of such offence, A.D. and shall he subject to the like penalty and punishment as the person or persons who shall actually commit the said offence;, or any of them, shall be subject and liable to, under the said recited act of the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, unless such person or persons who shall be so in company with the person or persons actually guilty of such offence, shall within twenty-four hours after such offence shall be committed, give information to the ballast-master of the port of Dublin, for the time being, of such offence, and of the name or names, and place and places of abode of the person or persons who actually committed the fame, and of all and every other person or persons who was or were in company with such person or persons when such offence was committed.

LV. And whereas great inconveniencies have arisen from the manner in which matters and commanders of vessels arriving in the said port and harbour of Dublin, and in the said harbour of Dunleary, have heretofore paid for the heaving and putting ballast on board their respective vessels, for remedy whereof, be it enacted, That from and after the paf- Matorf ling of this act, every matter or commander of any vessel {J'baiuP* whion shall take- in ballast in the said port or harbour of Si1,

/ per tin for

Dublin, or in the said harbour of Dunleary, shall at the if

time when he shall pay for such ballast, at the ballast-office <i.t IOO lunrf of the said port of Dublin, also pay to the ballast-master of t^iluiXn, the said port, three pence per ton for the heaving and putting on board such ballast, provided such vessel shall be under one hundred tons burthen, or being above that burthen, shall have port-holes for the reception of ballast; and in ,j. per ,on case such vessel shall be of one hundred tons burthen or f'.,r vessel1

above iod

upwards, and shall not have such port-holes, then such maf- tons, n..t ter or commander shall pay to the said ballast-master, four imiu; pence per ton for the heaving and putting on board such ballast; and the said corporation, or the said ballast-master, no further shall upon such payment being made, procure such ballast p.utinj: m. to be put on board such vessel without any further payment ul 0,1 or charge for so doing, and shall pay at the respective rates aforesaid to the person or persons to be employed by said corporation or ballast-master, for the purpose of putting such ballast on board such vessel; and that no ballast shall nont to be put on board any such. vessel by any other person or in'! In- f-

persons

4 U

ration, penalty oil any person, and on mailer, any sum not exceeding 5l.

Officer* not

to difeharije vessels until nommaiulrN jnoillice dif-ciiatgcs from baliall-maf tei, as herein.

tlifoliarge panted without fee, upon oath being made ns by 26 Geo. 3.

The th'irty-fcccnd Year of George III.

persons than such as shall be employed by the said corporation, or the said ballast-master for that purpose, and if any person or persons not so employed, shall put any ballast on board any such vessel, every such person, and also the matter or commander of every such vessel, shall forfeit to the said corporation, such sum as the said corporation shall think fit, not exceeding five pounds ttcrling.

LV1. And to the end that the several and respective duties and fines payable, or which may be payable by virtue of this act, or of the said act of the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, by the matters or commanders of ships or vessels arriving in the said port or harbour of Dublin, or in the said hatbour of Dunleary; be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any of the officers of his Majesty's custom-house at Dublin, to clear or discharge any ship or vessel outward bound, or to permit any ship or vessel outward bound, until the commander or maf-ter thereof shall have brought a discharge from the ballast-master of the port of Dublin, for the time being, testifying that such ship or vessel has paid and cleared the ballast money payable by such ship or vessel, in case (he shall have taken ballast; and likewise all and Angular the payments, rates, duties and fines, payable by such commander or maf-ter, or chargeable upon ‘ such ship or vessel by virtue of, or under this act, and the said act of the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, which discharge (in case all such ballast-money, payments, rates, duties, and fines shall have been really paid) shall be immediately granted by the said ballast-master without fee or reward, fraud or delay, upon such commander or matter first making such oath, or if of the people called quakers, such affirmation, before such ballast-master, as is directed by the said act of the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty.

LVII. And whereas great inconveniencies have arisen by timber, (tones, and other goods and matters being differed to remain on the quays and quay wails on each side of the said river Liffey, after being landed thereon, from vessels arriving within the said harbour, whereby the discharging and landing of goods, the mooring of vessels to the polls placed on the said quays for that purpose, and aeccfs to ships lying in the said river, and the p.-.ffhgc of carriiges and persons

The thhiy-fcond Year of George III.

persons upon the said quays and quay walls arc much obstructed, and the bed of the said river is damaged and ob-Unified by the falling in of stones and other loose matters laid upon the said quays and quay walls; for remedy whereof, be it enacted, That if any lime-stones, building-stones, or sand, which shall be landed out of any fin ip or vessel, shall be suffered by the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors thereof, to remain longer on any of the said quays or quay walls, than twenty-four hours next after landing the fame; or if any timber or other goods or matters whalfo-ever, which shall be landed as aforesaid, shall be so suffered to remain on any of the said quays, to the ea ft ward of Cardiff’s-Lane, on the south fide, and to the eastward of Commons-Street, on the north fide of the said river, longer than twenty-four hours after landing the fame, or if any timber or other goods or matters whatever, which Hull be landed out of any ship or vessel upon the said quays and quay walls, or any of them to the westward of the said last mentioned boundaries, shall be suffered by the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors thereof, to remain upon the said quays and quay walls, or any of them, for a longer space of time than seven days next after the landing thereof, or -shall be so placed on the said quays or quay ^walls, as to project therefrom over the said river, or shall be in any manner so placed upon the said quays or quay walls, as to prevent vessels from mooring to the polls fixed for that purpose, on the said quays or quay walls, or so as not to leave full and sufficient room between such ports for free access to the river; or if any stones or sand of any kind vehatsoever, or other loose matter which may be likely to fall into the said river, shall be laid on any of the said quays or quay walls, or the fh'ips and avenues communicating therewith, nearer than three feet to the water-edge thereof, the owner or owners of such stones or other goods or matters as shall be so laid or placed, or suffered to remain on the said quays or quay walls ns aforesaid, and the owner or owners of such stones, sand, or other loose matters as shall be so as aforesaid laid thereon, as the case shall happen to be, shall forfeit and pay to the said corporation for every such offence such sum as the said corporation shall think fit, not exceeding five pounds, one half thereof to be paid the person who shall give information to i 11 2 the

Chap.

PenaU yon

leaving tlones or foul on quay walls ill *tc than 24. hours,

or any timber, &c. 10 call waul of CiiuidTV Ltuu? on fmtfi (hie, o'- of Common* Street on north fide,

or timber,

&e. to wed -waul of said boundaries, longer than ) days,

or vvlti li shall ptojofl over river, or oh-{Intel as Itcic*

or leaving (lone*, sand,

&c wbhin 3

feet of water edge,

any sum not weeding 5l. 1 moiety to inrorma, the oMier to ror-potationJ

356 2"he shirty-second Year of George III.

A.D. 1792. Chap. 3>.

timber, stones, Stc. may be removed, d!f-trjined and fold,

or uftd by corporation.

Corporation may order ..timber, Scc. to be removed within 7 days, if necessary,

the said corporation of such oifence, and the other half thereof to the said corporation; and it shall and may be latvfjl to and for the said corporation to cause such timber. Hones, or other matters to be removed from off such quay or quay walls, and to distrain and fell by public cant so much of such timber. Hones, or other goods or matters as will be sufficient to pay the said fine and the expence of such removal; or to make use of, and apply any lime-stones, building-blocks, or Hones, or sand, which may be so laid or placed, or suffered to remain on the said quays or quay walls aforesaid, in the erecting or finishing any work which may' be carried on by the said corporation for the improvement of the said port and harbour of Dublin, at the election of the said corporation.

LVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the said corporation shall at any time find it necessary to remove any such timber, Hones, or other matters aforesaid, from off the said quay or quay walls at any time before the expira-

tion of seven days from the landing thereof, for the purpose of enabling any other ship or vessel to discharge and land notice to lie -her cargo thereon; it shall and may be lawful for the said writing* corporation, or any officer acting under the said corporation, by any writing to be signed by him or them, to order aijd direct the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors of such timber, Hones, or other matters, to remove the fame forth-if not retro,- with; and if such owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, linutsfowii^ do not within twenty-four-hours after receiving such order cm to forfeit or notice, remove such timber. Hones, or other goods or

at the rate of ’ 7 ®

40s. for every matters from off the said quay or quay walls, he or they »fter°;UtI’ shall forfeit at the rate of forty shillings for every twenty-four hours, such timber, Hones, Or other goods and matters shall so lie on such quay or quay walls, after such twenty-four hours from the time of receiving such order or notice; timber, tee. and it shall also be lawful to and for the said corporation to mnLiM'f- cause such timber. Hones, or other goods or matters to be TZtiX*’ removed, and to difirain and fell so much thereof as will be before. sufficient to pay such fine, and the expence of such removal, or at their election to use and apply any such lime-Hones, building-fiones, or blocks, or Hones and sand as aforesaid, in manner herein before mentioned.

LIX. And whereas it frequently happens that masters or commanders of vessels, bringing lime-stones or sand into the 3 laid

The thirty-second Year of George III.

357

fa id port and harbour of Dublin as aforesaid, land the fame, and suffer the same to remain on the said quay's and quay-walls, until they shall return with another cargo of the like Hopes or sand, which ’they also land thereon, by means whereof the said quays and quay walls arc often incumbered with large quantities of such stones or sand; for remedy whereof, be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said corporation, or any of their officers of servants, to prevent the landing or discharging any second or further cargo of such ftbnes or sand from the same ship or vessel, until the mailer or commander of such ship or vessel, or the owner or proprietor of such stones or sand, shall have caused the first and every fuccceding cargo of such stones or sand to be removed from off such quay or quay walls; and if the master or commander Of such ship or vessel shall by any means contrive to land such second or further cargo, before such first or other succeeding cargo shall have been removed as aforesaid, such master or commander, as well as the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors of the stones or sand which shall be so landed, shall forfeit to the said corporation the sum of forty Ihillmgs, over and besides such penalty as may have been incurred, by not having removed the said first cargo within the time before limited by this act; and it shall and may in that case be lawful for the said corporation to remove all such stones

No fecotui car^o of (tones or sand to be landed until liest shall be removed,

if a second cargo 8e latided before the lull is removed, the master and proprietor shall forfeit

40*. bcGitci penalty far not removing the Itrlt;

(tones, Sec. may be ic-moved, dif*

and sand from off such quay, quay walls, or bank, and to ,r"1'1'

J 1 / or ulcu Ity

distrain and fell so' much thereof, as will be sufficient to coijuratiuu. pay such fine or fines, and to defray the expence of such removal, or at their election to apply such stones and sand to the building of arty works necessary for the improvement of the said' port and harbour of Dublin.

LX. And whereas timber, stones, boats, malls', yards, anchors, spats, and other goods, which have not immediately before been landed out’ of any ship'or vessel arriving within the said port or harbour of Dublin, are frequently laid upon the said quays add quay walls, and suffered by the owner or owners thereof to continue thereon; for remedy whereof, be it enacted, That if any person or persons shall Poult, on lay upon any of the said' quays or quay walls, any tim-ber, stones, or other sroods or matters whatsoever, which kin<1 °"

s 7 quays, Sec.

shall not have been immediately before landed from some notjmi land-

<il, more than

ship or vessel upon the said quays or quay walls, or bank, u hours,

Vol. XVI. -i X and

3,5 8 The shirty-second Year of George III.

A.D.

and shall not within twelve hours from laying the fame

1792.

upon the said quays or quay walls, put the fame on board some ship or vessel for the purpose of exportation, or being carried coastways, the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors-of such timber, stones, or other goods -or matters, shall forfeit to the said corporation for every such offence twenty shillings sterling, and also ten shillings for every day he or they shall permit such timber, Hones, or othei goods or matters to remain on such quays or quay- walls; .?o..Uiray and it shall and may be lawful for the said corporation to IniSedand cause the same to be,removed, and to distrain and fell the f""1- fame, or a sufficient part thereof, by public cant, for payment of such fine or fines, and to defray the expence of such removal.

Penalty on -LXI. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons fatvinjftim- cut or saw> or cause to be cut or sawed, any 'stones, tier or stones, or stone or timber, or build or repair any boat on the said

or reyaiiitig

lmanon quays or quay walls, or any part thereof, without the con-Seaieas sent of the said corporation, signified by writing, to be inuwcding hgned by the ballast-master of the said port of Dublin for t'1- the time being,-first had and obtained for-that purpose, every such person shall for each and every such offence, forfeit and pay to the said corporation such sum as the said corporation rnrp.tratinn shall think fit, not exceeding forty shillings; and it shall and ,ia) eize, |1(, ]awfu'i l0 an(j for (jjg faj(j corporation to seize and

distrain such stones or stone, and to sell and dispose of the fame, by public cant, for payment of such forfeiture, and the -expence of such sale.

Penalty on

LXII. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons 'f omMo sale exP°^e to sale, or cause to be exposed to sale, by audlion

or otherwise, upon the said quays or quay walls, or any

othenviso, part thereof, any goods whatsoever, save only such goods

in, sol. as may have been damaged at sea, on board the vessel in which the fame shall, immediately previous to such sale, have arrived in the said port or harbour of Dublin, and are of a perishable nature,) the owner or owners of such 'goods flail forfeit and pay to the said corporation the sum of ten poods may pounds sterling; and it shall and may be lawful to and for tralnedaiid'^ ^‘c corporation to seize and distrain, and to fell by (old; public cant, such goods, or a sufficient part thereof, for payment of the said last mentioned forfeiture, and the ex- auftlooicrto pence of such sale; and in case such goods shall be so ex-,ur'i' ,oL posed

The thirty-second Year of George III. 359

posed to sale by auction, the person who {lull ad as ane- A.

tionier in so exposing such goods to sale, further sum of ten pounds.

fell forfeit the 7’J2

Chap. 35.

LXIII. And be it enacted, That every person who fhnil tl l,r‘":s

1 1 throwing any

throw or call, or be concerned in throwing or calling into

w the river, nr

the said river Liffey, or any part thereof, or into any fewer <.n.v f.«--or stream emptying into the said river, or into any flip communicating with the said river, any allies, dirt, or filth of any kind, or oyster-lhells, or any kind of rubbifii, or other >P' ic-matter or thing w'hich may tend to fill up the said river, or injure or obstruct the navigation thereof, such person or persons, and also the owner or owners, occupier or occupiers anil owners of any house, ground, yard, back-fide, vessel, boat, cart, \-c. from’ car, or other vessele, out of which such allies, dirt, filth, tufht, f,r oyster-lhells, rubbish, or other matters fell be brought or thrown into the said river, fewer, stream or flip, shall upon m>t exceeding the fame being proved upon the oath of one credible witness, penalty"' before three or more members of the said corporation, ors6G'3' before any of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county of Dublin, or county of the city of Dublin, forfeit for the full time such offence fell be committed (over and above any other fine or penalty imposed for such offence, by the said recited act of the twenty-sixth year of his present Majesty's reign) such sum as the said corporation, or such justice of the peace shall think fit, not exceeding forty shillings, and for the second and every succceding time such f,.rfrcomian.i offence fell be committed, such sum not exceeding five pounds, as the said corporation or such justice shall think fit, (over and above any fuel) other fine or penalty as aforesaid) one half of the said fine or fines to be paid to such person or persons as shall discover and prosecute the person or persons guilty of such offence or offences, and the other half thereof (in case such person or persons shall be so con-vided before three or more members of the said corporation) to be paid to the said corporation; and in case such conyic- ifcomiAiim tion shall be before a justice of the peace, such half thereof to be given to the poor of the parish wherein such offence 10 1,1C i,|,or; fell be committed, the said fine or fines to be levied by wk.,i by oif-distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the person persons against whom' such fine or fines shall be awarded, by warrant or warrants under t’ne hands or seals of three or more of the members of the said corporation, or of such 4X2 justice

tier, 1

36°

The shirty-second Year of George III.

A.D.

justice of peace; and if such person or persons shall not 1792* have wherewithal to satisfy such fine or fines, it shall and

may be lawful to and for any three or more members of fffic' nt5"0' corporation, or such justice of peace, to commit

cunrmitmi to such person or persons to the house of correction of the city itction for t or county of Dublin, there to be kept at hard labour, so as the term of confinement of such person or persons to the said house of correction, may not for any one offence exceed if at!)' dirt, one-month; and in case such dirt or filth shall be so thrown ^totKcnor' or swept into the said river, fewer, or flip, or emptied from qrayMiyany a cart on any quays, by any servant or person ad-

jic'fonbt- in g under any scavenger or contrador for cleansing the

lon&uig to a ° J

fcaveugcr, streels of Dublin, then such scavenger or contractor shall be

such scavenger liable to said forfeiture;

persons guilty muv be taken by any of his Majrlly’b subjstis.

subject and liable to the aforesaid forfeiture and penalty, and the same shall be recovered and enforced against such scavenger and -contractor, in such manner as the like penalty is as aforesaid directed to be recovered and enforced against any person who shall actually throw such dirt or filth in the said river, fewer, or flip; and for the more effectually bringing-to justice any person or persons guilty of the said offence, it shall and may be lawful to and for any of his Majesty's subjects to seize and take into custody any person or persons guilty thereof, and to bring such person or persons before any three or more members of the said corporation, or before any such justice of the peace as aforesaid.

LXIV. And whereas, very great injuries have been done to the quays, quay walls and embankments, and other defences of the said river Liffey, and the said harbour of Dublin, and the said harbour of Dunleary, by persons taking away the clay, land, (tones, and other materials of which the same are composed, and by taking away sand and day from the north and south lots; for re-. Persons da- medy whereof, be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to wiSj*' an<l for any of his Majesty's subjects to seize and take into cutaway clay, tody any person or persons (except such. as may be acting under may bewken the authority of the said corporation) who shall be guilty of wilfully breaking or damaging any quay, quay wall, embankment, or defence of, or belonging, or appertaining to the said river Liffey, or the said harbour of Dublin, or harbour of Dunleary, or of taking away, or in any manner removing any of the clay, sand, stones, or other materials of what kind soever, of which such quay, quay wall, embankment, or defence is or shall be composed, or of taking up sand, stones, or day from die strand, within

fifty

into custody,

or taking up land, &c. within 50 fret of wall, ‘from lots,

The shirty-second Year of George III. 361

fifty feet of such wall, embankment or defence, or of talcing away A. 3). any sand or clay from the said north and foitth lots, or any of 170'--them, or of taking away any materials which Stall have been laid on such quay, quay wall, embankment or defence, for the pur- or mkinj: pose of repairing the fame, or on the said lots, or any of them, "ulL' for repairing any work thereon, and to bring such person or per- lv )it fons before the said corporation, or any three or more of the >>rroK-coi|ij-ntcml'ers thereof; and upon such person or persons being convicted upon conviu* upon the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses before such corporation, or any three or more of the members thereof, of any of the said last mentioned offences, such person former, or persons Stall forfeit and pay to the said corporation for every such effsnee, such fuin not exceeding the sum of five pounds, as said corporation Stall think fit, one half thereof to be paid to the said corporation, and the other half thereof to be paid to the person or persons who Stall give information of such offence; and Imsu. c«(r, any boat, float, cart, car, barrow, or other vessele whatever, into ‘c °f'c' ' or upon which any such clay, sand, stones, or other materials Stall appear, by oath as aforesaid, to have been put, and also the beaS which Stall he yoked in any such cart, cart, or other vessele, Stall be absolutely forfeited, and fold for the benefit of the said corporation; and it Stall and may be lawful to and for any »y person or persons who Stall find or discover any such clay, sand, boat, ut stones or other materials, in or upon any such boat, float, cart, car, barrow, or other vessele, to seize such boat, float, cart, car, &c- a"<' dc(' barrow, or vessele, and also such bead as aforesaid, and deliver corporation, the same to the said corporation, or their officer or officers, and the said corporation upon such proof upon oath as aforesaid, are hereby empowered to sell the same as aforesaid.

LXV. And in order the more effectually to prevent the flagitious and dangerous practice of cutting away ropes, hawsers, and buoys from vessels and their anchors, be it enacted, That if any ptrr,n5> person or persons (whether licensed to fell or buy old ropes, or not so licensed) shall at any time whatever between sun-set and who shall, be-

tween fun set

lun-nfe, buy or receive any old rope or ropes or rigging that may ,<» have been used, such person or persons upon proof to be made »mem thereof before the said corporation, or any three of the members r:ec;n? that thereof, shall forfeit to the said corporation all such ropes or rig-ging; and it Stall be lawful for the corporation, or any of the members thereof, or any officer or officers employed by the said and a sum not corporation, to seize and fell such ropes or rigging for the use of abra'aM^r the said corporation; and such person or persons shall over and above the forfeiture of such ropes and rigging, and over and above

Vol. XVI. 4 Y any

363 A.D. 1792. Chap. 35.

Corporation may grant a lia-nfc for a ctane for weighing ohl ropes.

Corporation may withdraw iiccnfcs granti’d miller irciiol act, ami tin'i> net.

Sum* to he levied to l*e applied to wards improving harbours of Dnl'lin and Dunleary, and no other way.

Corporation may hear and

JiMeimine all ofltiiees against this att, iS:c and examine witnesses, &c. as by 26 G. 3,

The thirty-second Year of George III.

any other penalty or forfeiture which any such person or persons may, by any law now in force, have incurred, for felling such old ropes or rigging without license, (in case he, flic, or they shall not have such Jieenfe) forfeit to the faitl corporation such sum as the said corporation shall thin!: fit, not exceeding twenty pounds sterling.

LXVI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said corporation, from time to time, and at all times as they shall find it necessary, to grant a license to any person or persons to erect and keep a crane, in such convenient place as the said corporation shall think fit, for the purpose of weighing old ropes, and that all old ropes which shall be weighed at tiic crane which shall he so licensed, shall he deemed to he weighed at a public crane within the meaning of any law, directing old ropes to he weighed at a public crane.

LXVII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said corporation, at the free will and pleasure of the said corporation, and at any time or times whatever, to withdraw from any person or persons any Iicenfc or licenses which may have been granted, or shall or may he granted pursuant to the said recited act of the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, and this present act, by the said corporation, to such person or persons for any purpose whatever, and for ever thereafter if so long as the said corporation shall think proper to withhold and refuse such license or licenses to such person or persons, any thing in the said last mentioned act, or in this present act notwithstanding.

LXVIII. And be it enacted, That all and every sum and sums of money which shall arise, or be levied from time to time, by force or virtue of this act, shall he applied by the said corporation towards the necessary expences of, and in improving and clean-ling the said port and harbour of Dublin, and the said harbour of Dunleary, and to and for no other use or purpose whatsoever.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said corporation is hereby authorized and required to hear, try, and determine in a summary vvsy, all and every the offences against, and breaches of any clause or article in this present act contained, and to summon before them parties and witnesses for that purpose, and to examine all such witnesses upon oath, and to proceed upon every such trial, and to give judgment and sentence thereon, and issue their warrant or warrants for the inflicting the punishment directed by such sentence, and for levying all fines and forfeitures under this

The thirty-second Year of George III. 363

this act, in such manner and according to such mode and form A.D.

as prescribed and directed by the said recited act of the twenty- *792,

sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, with respect to trials to be had before, and proceedings to he bad by the said corporation for and on account of any breach or breaches of any clause or article in the said last mentioned act contained, and for the levying of fines and forfeitures on account thereof.

LXX. And whereas it may he necessary for the said corporation to purchase and take in some part or parts of the grounds of the north and south (brands, for the purpose of making and erecting docks, embankments, and other works for the improvement of the said port and harbour of Dublin, and the navigation thereof; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Corporation for the said corporation, or any three or more of the members grounds*01, thereof, to be empowered for that purpose by the said corporation, ""^j! under the common seal of the said corporation, (the appointment of which said three or more persons need not be returned to the lord lieutenant or chief governor for the time being) to treat and agree with all and every person or persons, body or bodies politic or corporate, who is, or are, or may be the inheritor or inheritors, owners or occupiers of any such ground, for the purchase of his, her, or their estate or estates, inlcrcft or interests therein, or relative to and concerning any compensation or satisfaction which they or any of them may claim or demand for any damage or damages which they or any of them may suffer or fuliain by the said corporation using or taking in such ground, or any part thereof, in such manner as the said corporation arc empowered by the said act of the twenty-sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, as by 26 G. 3 to treat and agree for making and erecting such wharf or wharfs as therein mentioned; and in case such treaty or treaties shall end in an agreement or agreements, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said corporation to take and accept of a conveyance or conveyances of such ground, or any part thereof, and to take and accept of a discharge or discharges for such satisfaction or compensation as aforesaid, which conveyance or conveyances, dif- conveyance charge or discharges, shall he binding and conclusive to and upon the person or persons, body or bodies politic or corporate, exeeut- '"£» ing and perfecting the fame; and in case the persons who shall iuc,rcofic. he empowered to treat and agree as aforesaid, cannot, or shall not, pal irapacity

in owners,

by reason of non-age, coverture, entail, mlantty, minority, or L.or|,orimm

other legal impediment in the owner or owners, occupier or occu-

piers of such ground, or from any other cause or reason agree Sic'fls 10 rc-

rr-i. -nil i turn a :iry lo

'ith such owners or occupiers as aforesaid, then it shall and may VJ!0C on.nmi, 4 Y 2 be " r=cij:i

364 The thirty-second Year of George III.

A.D.

be lawful to and for the members of the said corporation, who 1792* shall be empowered as aforesaid, from time to time, to issue a vrar-Ciiap. 3 j. r;int or warrants, precept or precepts, under their hands and fcair, to the sheriffs of the city of Dublin, in case such grounds shall be within their bailiwick, or to the sheriff of the county of Dublin, in case the fame llrall be within his bailiwick, for the impan-iidling and returning a jury or juries, in such manner as diredctl by the said Iaft mentioned act, with respect to the valuing ground for such wharf or wharfs as aforesaid, and in every respect to proceed for the valuing and ptircliafing such ground cn the north and south strand as aforesaid, and ascertaining such compensation as aforesaid, as the said corporation are by the said last mentioned act empowered to proceed for the valuing and purchasing ground for the erecting such wharf or wharfs as aforesaid, and making such compensation as in the said last mentioned act is mentioned.

Rccucd .26 G. 3. to continue in force, except as altered hereby.

Suits for any tiling

uoue uuitec this act, to be commence ed within 6 months,

defendant may plod the genual issue;

double ends to defendant, if plaintiff be non'suited, &c.

Experccs of this act to be reim-hmfed out c.f

LXXI. And be it enacted, That the aforesaid act of the twenty-sixth year of the feign of his present Majesty, entitled. An a£lfir promoting the trade of Dublin, by rendering its port and harbour more commodious; and all and every the powers, clauses, and provisoes therein contained, except such parts thereof as are altered or repealed by this present act, shall be, and remain in full force and effect.

LXXII. And be it enacted, That in case any action or salt whatsoever, shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons for any matter or thing by him or them done, or executed by virtue of, or in pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be commenced within six months next after the alledged cause of such action or suit shall accrue, and not afterwards, and the defendant or defendants in such action may plead the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereon, and that the fame was done in pursuance of and by authority of this act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if such action or suit shall not be brought within the time herein before limited, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such action or suit shall be non-fuitd, or suffer a discontinuance thereof, or if a verdict shall pass against such plaintiff or plaintiff:, or if upon demurrer judgment shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall have double costs.

LXXIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said corporation, to pay 1 a-"'

The thirty-second Year of George III.

and reimburse themselves by and out of! the first of the rates, duties, and revenues which they shall receive by virtue of this act, all such colls and expences as they shall be put to in the obtaining of this act.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be a publick act, and shall be deemed and taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and others, in all courts and places, without pleading the same.

CHAP. XXXVI.

An Act to amend an Act made in the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty, Entitled, An Act for improving and repairing the Turnpike-Road leading from Kinnegad to Athlone.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the thirtieth year of 30

his present Majest'y, entitled, An act for repairing S" and improving the turnpike-road leading from Kinnegad to Ath-lone, it is enacted, That it shall and may be lawful that any three of the directors mentioned in said act, should have power to establish, or erect, or cause to be established or erected one or more pay-gate or pay-gates upon and across any part or parts of the said road, and should have power to demand and receive at said gate or gates the tolls mentioned in said act: and whereas by the said in part receited act, it is further enacted, That it should be lawful for the said directors, or any three or more of them to crest a pay-gate or pay-gates on the fide of the said road, across any lane or way leading out of the said road, and there to demand and receive such tolls as by the said act are appointed to be taken at any gate upon the said road, and that every such gate should be deemed a pay-gate: and whereas the directors mentioned in said act, have caused to be erected certain turnpike-gates both upon and across the said road, and across certain roads leading to said great road within the town of Athlone in the county of Westmeath: now be it airecUrs. a enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with c'rcdTu'n^ the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in parliament assembled, and by the authority a of the fame, That nothing contained in said in part recited Vol. XVI. 4 Z aft

366 The thirty-second Year of George III.

A.D.

ad shall empower the directors to ered any turnpike or ^79^, turnpikes within the said town of Athlone, or the liberties such as are thereof, and that such turnpike or turnpikes as have hitherto removed. been erected by the said directors, be removed to some convenient distance beyond the limits of the corporation of said town of Athlone.

C Ii A P. XXXV1F.

An Act for enabling the Trttjlees for making, widening, and repairing the Road from Dublin to Malahide, and the other Roads leading to Dublin over Rallybough- Bridge, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament, more effectually to carry the said Acts into Execution.

Geo"'18' '^XT'HEREAS in an act passed in the thirty-first year of* his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for amending the federal laws for making, widening, and repairing the road from Dublin to Malahide, and the other roads leading to Dublin over Ballybough-bridge, in the said acts mentioned and for enabling the trustees for the said purposes, to borrow further sums of money for such purposes, and for continuing the said acts for a further term, and for improving the neighbourhood of Bally-ftid aft re- bough-bridge, it is recited. That it would be of advantage to would be of the public, if that part of -that space of ground overflowed encbfcthe'0 % the sea at high water, lying eastward of Baliyhough-bridge, between the wall enclosing the ground formerly taken in from the sea, called the north-lots, and the weir-wall on trudeestherc- the north-strand, were enclosed and taken in; and the truf-bLju/mlL tees in the several acts therein recited and mentioned, by BiudicS; -means thereof, enabled to make a new and more commodious communication between the city of Dublin, and the country, on the other fide of the said bridge; and by the so much of said act it is enacted, That unless a claim should be made

?aiu ground

as was not within six months from the passing of the said act, by some

claimed with- r r - r

i, 6 months person or perioQS, body or bodies politic or corporate, or

cited^a, K" f°mc title, estate or property in or to the said ground, in wiled intruf- manner in the said act mentioned, so much of the said

tees, to be

vectored, &c ground as the said trustees, or any five or more of them, should judge necessary and convenient to be enclosed and walled in, or so much thereof as should not be so claimed,

and

The thirty-second Year of George III. 367

and a title thereto not established in manner in the said act mentioned, should be, and was thereby vested in the said trustees, and their successors and assigns for ever, for the purposes aforesaid: and whereas it is intended that the said new communication shall be made nearly in a direct line from the ftrnnd road leading from his Majesty's custom-house, to the said ground overflowed by the fca, and across the fame from

CUUuilWlOtili

to the road adjoining the said weir wall on the north-strand, 10 road ad-

nearly at the end of the place called Fairview, on the said G7o* wmii Brand: and whereas no claim having been made of any title, lllle estate, or property in or to any part of the said ground, be- 1

tween the aforesaid intended communication, and Ballybousrh- >’uf-bridge, pursuant to jtne laid aci, the said trustees now stand «.fg«omui; seized of the said ground, for the purposes in the said act mentioned: and whereas in order to make the said new and a rcw'"k"

to he (Hlllt

more commodious communication between the city of Dub- nilwaniof Hn, and the country, on the other fide of the said bridge, called Ballybough-bridge, pursuant to the said receited act, it will be necessary to build, erect, and make a new bridge and causeway, eastward of Ballybough-bridge aforesaid: and iIk pi-mnui whereas the ground vested in the trustees by the said recited iluce a iuUi-aft, will not produce a fund sufficient for building, making, 2 and erecting the said bridge and causeway; and in order to enable the said trustees to effect the fame, and which they il «>"bs

J telury tobor-

are hereby empowered to do, it will be expedient to autho- ruw money; rize them to raise and borrow at interest upon security of the tolls and duties granted to them as aforesaid, a further sum of money, and to enable them effectually to secure the fame upon the security aforesaid; wherefore be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said trustees, and such person and per- train-e. onions as have been, and shall be successively nominated, pursuant to the powers in any of the acts in the said receited act mi

mentioned, trustees 1 in the Head of any trufiee, or trustees

J 2030l. ami

dying or resigning, or any five and more of them may, and intcrcii. they are hereby empowered by writing under their hands and seals, from time to time, to assign over the said tolls and duties as a security for such sum and sums of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of two thousand pounds, with interest for the fame, not exceeding the rate of fix 4 Z 2 pounds

3c8

A.D. 1792. Chap. 37.

Debentures to specify when principal is to be paid.

Rates, duties, &c. to iUnd first as security for imerdt of

fwm liereto* sure borrowed,

:tnd of such

principal

sums}

next as fecu* rity forinte-icil,

and of principal hereby borrowed, as fame becomes due *,

treasurer not to pay any fnm whereby he shall be unable to discharge said sums.

If any part of interest shall remain unpaid 2t days after time appointed, chancellor may appoint a receive!,

or make an order for fe-que liering, fCi.'

The thirij-second Year of George III.

pounds by the hundred by the ycari to be paid half-yearly, as they may think necessary, to raise and borrow for the purpose of building, erecting, and making the said bridge and causeway, and for effecting the said new communication.

II. And be it enacted, That in every debenture or writing to be signed by the said trustees, for securing every sum to be borrowed in pursuance of this act, the time when the principal money thereby secured shall be agreed to be repaid, shall be specified in such debenture or writing.

III. And be it enacted, That the several rates, duties and tolls, by any of the said acts granted, shall stand a security in the first place, for the payment of the interest of the several principal sums heretofore borrowed in pursuance of the said recited act, and of such principal sums as the same shall respectively become payable; and in the next place as a security for the payment of the interest of such sum or sums as shall be borrowed in pursuance of this act; and of such principal sums as the same shall respectively become payable; and that the treasurer for the time being, of the said duties and tolls, shall not pay any sum of money on any order of the said trustees, whereby lie shall be unable out of the duties and tolls paid into his hands, to discharge the said interest any principal sums, at the times they are or shall be respectively payable.

IV. And be it enacted, That if the interest which shall be payable on any debenture or debentures to be issued in pursuance of this act, or any part thereof, shall be unpaid by the treasurer to the said trustees, for the space of twenty-one days after any of the days appointed for the payment thereof, the lord high chancellor, lord keeper, or commissioners of the great seal may, and is and are hereby required upon a petition of one or more of the holders of the said debentures, dating the interest due upon such debenture or debentures, and when the fame became due, and on an affidavit verifying the truth of such petition, appoint a receiver to receive from the gate-keepers on the said roads,' and collectors of the said rates, tolls and duties, so much of the said rates, tolls and duties, as may be necessary to pay such interest, and the receiver’s fees, and all reasonable costs attending such application; or may make such order for sequestering the said duties and tolls, or such monies as may be in the

hands

The thlrly-fecov.tl Year of George III. 3^9

hands of the said treasurer for tiic payment thereof, as to A. justice shall appertain; and fudi receiver shall have all such and the lilte aid of the said court, to enable him to enforce payment of a Cufficiency of such tolls, rates and duties for the purpose a fore fa id, as is usually given to receivers by ihc said court appointed for the receiving the rents of mortgaged estates.

V. And whereas great inconveniencies hath arisen on the said roads, by drivers of carriages going or driving different ways, keeping the same side of the said roads; be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said traflees, or

may make any seven or more of them, to make such rule and order mica for dri-for compelling drivers of all coaches, chaises, carts, cars, onVncBdc* and other carriages going from Dublin, to drive or keep such carriages on one -fide of the roads, and coming towards Dublin to drive or keep such carriages on the other fide fide coming of the roads, as they shall think proper; and that any person who shall offend agriinfl such rule, shall forfeit five shillings, and be committed by the said trustees, or any three or committed or'more of them, to gaol, for any given space of time not dap. exceeding three days, in case of nonpayment thereof.

VI. ' And be it further enacted, That this act shall be |,u!’llc': deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a public act, and be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and

other persons, ‘without specially pleading the same-

CHAP. XXXVIII.

An Act to amend an Alt, Entitled, An Act for repairing the Road loading from the Town of Maryborough, in the Queen’s County, through the Towns of Mount rath, Cajiletown, and Borris in Ojfory, in the fame Comity, and from thence through the Town of Rofcrea, in the County of Tipperary, and through the Town of Dunkerfin, in the King’s County, to the Town of TomivUrdh, in the said County of Tipperary.

Purpose of

WHEREAS it has been found that the purposes of an

iaft, entitled, An act for repairing the road leading from pairing the

road from the town -of ’Maryborough in the Queen’s county, through the Maryborough towns of Mountrath, Cajiletown, and Borris in Ofjory in the jj, same county, and from thence through the town of Rofcrea, in

Vol. XVI. 5 A the"* '

37°

The ihirly-second Year c/'L-corgc ixl.

A.D.

the county -of Tipperary, and through the town-of Dunkerrin in I79-- the King’s county, to the town of Tomivarah' in the said county of Tipperary, have not been answered, be it enacted by the King’s-most excellent- Majesty, by and with the advice ami consent of the lords spiritual and itemporal, and commons in this prCfent parliament assembled, and by the authority of irrafurereof the fame, That the treasurers-of the said-roads shall, on or lodgeac- 'before the'first day of every session of parliament, lodge with,

herein,’on or tlieclefk of the house of commons, an account in writing day°ofcrayl HPon oath, of the state of the said roads, and also a par-session, with ticular. account of the receipts and payments respecting the

thedcikof

tbs house of mne.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no debentures011' money whatsoever arising out of the 'tolls raised or levied o°toVlulir1'under the said recited act, shall be applied to the payment until a com- Gf the interest of any debenture, until a committee of the

mittee of the J

house of com- house of commonsshall have resolved that the said road is in fh°reeh«tire good and complete order and condition, any thing in said road is good. recite({ to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

; J. S. Brown- HI. And whereas James Stephens Brownlow, esquire, and

Maher, esqii. William Maher, esquire, both trustees under the said recited tlremfciresf'1 a&r claim to be-creditors on the said roads, by debentures and continue to ac0nsiderable amount, and have possessed themselves of

in receipt of 1

the tolls t the tolls of the gates upon the said roads, and have continued foraconsiderable time, and Hill arc in receipt of the T. Gardiner fame: and whereas Thomas Gardiner, of Borris in Offory, keep raid inn-keeper, entered into a contrail with the trustees under roads m re- t]le recited act, to repair, and keep in repair during the continuance of the said recited act, the whole of the said and farmed roads,-which it is alledged he never did; and was also a gstcj, for farmer-of the tolls of some of the said gates, and never ac-not accmrnr counted for the fame.; be it enacted by the authority afore-triiftei-a may said, That it shall and may be -lawful to and for the trustees Uo'tuVchan- under the said act, to -prefer a petition in the name of one thsm"-83 "111 ^r m°re °f-them, to the court of chancery, or court of exchequer, against them or any of them, requiring them to court may account for the sums they received respectively; and 'such

proceed in a ' . 1 J

/mnmaryway, court may proceed thereon in the.most summary way, may itc' order an examination of witnesses, direct all proper enquiries, hear; the cause, and make such decree thereon, as foall. . be agreeable to equity.

IV. Be

The thirty-second X&ir of George III.

IV. Be it enacted by the authority afurcsaid, That ali essences incurred by said tru flees for the purposes of carrying this act into execution, 'shall be defrayed out of the tolls of said road, and the treasurers of said road are hereby empowered anddir-eifted to pay the same, in pursuance to such orders as may from time to time be issued for that purpose, under the hands and seals of any seven or more trustees.

V. And whereas the debts due upon the said road have never been justly ascertained; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for one or more of the creditors of the said roads, to prefer a petition to the court of chancery, or court of exchequer, on behalf of him or themselves, and the "other creditors of the said roads, praying to have their said debts ascertained; a copy of which petition must be served on the treasurer of the said roads, at least twenty-one days before such petition shall be preferred to such court; and Fuch court upon due proof of such service, shall and may in a summary manner, direct such enquiries to be made touching the reality and amount of such debts respectively, as remain bmui fide iiue, after all just allowances, and to ascertain the fame respectively.

VI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several clauses in the said recited act, which require the treasurer to return accounts to the town clerks at assizes be, and are hereby repealed; and that all the clauses in the said act which are not inconsistent with the provisions in this act, be, and are hereby confirmed.

CHAP. XXXIX.

An Act to explain and amend the several Lams for repairing and amending Turnpike Road leading from Kilkenny to Clog keen.

WHEREAS the present laws are insufficient "for keep-V V ing the said road in repair be it enacted by the King’s most -excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent iof the lords Fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That an act passed in the fifth year of the reign of his 5 A 2 late

371 A. r>.

Exptitei i inclined in-triiikc* undet tins h'il, to be defrayed oat of toll

Ciclito.s ill iv petition iit chancery or exchequer

a copy to be Am vc«l on

treasurer 2I day> before petition is preferred j

upon proof of service, court may direct enquiries, &c.

Clauses re* qniring treasurer to return accounts to town-clerks, repealed; clauses not inconsistent, confirmed.

5 Geo. a.

372 The thirty-second Year of George III.

A. D

1792/ Chap. 39,

Sc g Geo. 2. repealed, except furli parts as repeal other act#.

Names of ‘commission-en.

late Majesty King George the second, entitled, An act for repairing the road leading from the ‘city of Kilkenny to the town of ClonmelI, in the county of Tipperary, and also an act passed in the' ninth year of the reign of his find late' Majesty King George the second, entitled, An act for explaining, amending, and making more effectual an act, entitled, An act for repairing the road leading froth the city of Kilkenny to th: town of Clonmell, in the coitnty Tipperary; be; and the same are hereby repealed, and made null and void, except fuel parts thereof as repeal any act or acts therein recited.

II. And be it further enacted, That the earl of Ormond, earl of Mountcaftiel, lord Clifdeii, lord Donerail, lord Kings-borough, lord Lismore, lord Donaghmore, lord Thurles, lord De Montalt, lord Dyfart, lord Callan, the secretary of state, sir William Barker, fir Thomas Osborne, ‘the reverend Joseph Moore, reverend James Denny, Samuel Rigg, Peter Bamfield,' John MacolmToii, David Macolmfon, Thomas Taylor, William Ryal, Stephen Moore of Saliflmry, honourable Abraham Hely Hutchinson, honourable Chr'iflopher Hely Hutchinson,' honourable Lorenzo Hely Hutchinfoii, reverend William Adair, honourable John Hutchinson, ho-

nourable Francis Hutchinson, Stephen Moore of Barn, ef-qiiirc, Daniel Toler, John Bagwell of Marlfield, Samuel Pery, Richard Moore of Chancellors-town, Solomon Watson, Michael Hamerton, Edward Taylor, William Pcnefather □f Darling-hill, Thomas Power, and ICingfton Power of Kil-worlh, mayor, aldermen, arid sheriffs of Kilkenny for- the time being, mayor and bailiff of Clonmell for the time be--ing; William Bagnell, Phineas Rial, Nathaniel Mitchel, Michael Jones, George Ha tier, Richard Collins, Thomas Garden, Wray Hutchinson, Richard Shairrow, Robert Dudley, Thomas Moreton, Thomas Chaytor, Samuel Grubb, James Moreton, reverend William Stephenson, reverend -dean Pack, reverend John Ellinfon, Michael Elliott, Francis Reynolds, John Waring, James Cooke, Edmond Butler, James Parsons Duckett, reverend Charles Tuckey, Thomas Clutterbuck, William 'Fennell, Joshua Thomas Qpm> William 'Qjjiifi, Thomas Vowel,'reverend Paul HeUham, reverend

{Arthur Palmer, '{Nicholas Khateifboro, John Shea, 'Patrick Walsh, honourable 'Wiliiaan ^Cuffe', John baker, Robert rSherman, Junior, Se, and they a'rfe Jtereby appointed com-'niillibriefs of the said road. '

j

The thirty-second Year of George III. 373

III. And be it further enacted, That whenever any of the said commissioners herein appointed by name shall happen to die or resign, it shall be lawful for the remaining commissioners, or any seven or more of them, 011 the first Tuesday in any month, to elect a person to be a commissioner in his (lead, and so as often as a vacancy shall happen, by the death or resignation of any person so chosen.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners shall assemble at twelve o’clock at noon,.on the first Monday after the passing of this act, at thccily of Kilkenny, or in case of failure thereof, on the Monday next succeeding, and shall at such meeting cleft by ballot, from among the said commissioners, five persons to be directors for the superintending and managing the said road, and for trans-afling all business relative to the same.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case of the death or resignation of any director, or in case any director chosen pursuant to this act, shall neglect or refuse to execute his trull, by refusal in writing under his hand and seal, or by not attending at fame one meeting of the directors, during the first two months after the passing of this act, it shall be lawful for the said commissioners, or any seven of them, to clioofe by ballot, from among the said commissioners, one person to be a director in his place, and so as often as the case shall happen, fourteen days previous notice being given of the meeting in some public paper, and being also polled on each pay-gate, specifying that such meeting is to be held for the election of a director.

VI. And be it enacted, That seven commissioners shall be necessary to constitute a meeting of the said commissioners, and that the act of the majority of seven, legally convened, shall be the act of, and binding upon the said

A.D. 1792. Chappy

W\\i ti any cnnimiffi.mers

tl'-c itr dig", ftjivivors may ilect Olivers.

<int»s to af* futilrc mil tftCt by li.il* I.'I f (I/.'fC-lol.i t,>! 111 ;i

C\C.

In case* r.! ilmdi or iv-iliriniii'n, nr unr'eci, or rr-fnf.il, or not attend-ini' durifi" titll 2 montlis,

another <li-rcilo" may be chofcu

1/{.days previous not ire in a public); paper, and polled on each gate.

7 commissioners to coiillitutt a iiicaing.

commissioners.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Mmoi^c lawful to and for the said commissioners to adjourn any jouLcJ.3 meeting, from time to time, and from place to place contiguous to, or convenient to the said road.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful ^7

to and for any seven of the said commissioners, by notice in call a meet-writing under their hands, at any time, to call a meeting:of11151 the said commissioners, to be held either in the city of Kilkenny, town of Clonmell, or in some other convenient place

The thirty-second Year of George III.

contiguous to the said road, such notice specifying the cause of assembling the commissioners, and being polled upon the several gates on the said road seven days previous to the time appointed for such meeting.

An oath to

IX. And be it further enacted, That every director who every^dtrec- shall be elected pursuant to this act, shall, before he shall act for' as such, lake and subscribe an oath in the words following,

before one of the commissioners afore-menlioned, who is hereby empowered to administer the same.

Oalh.

Directors, or 3 of them may appoint 2 fitpcrvifots, with salaries rot exceeding 2ol. a year;

supervisor to nfcertain number of attendances by oath before a director

3 directors may remove a supervisor.

1 A B. do swear, that I will well and truly discharge the duty of a director of the read., from the city of Kilkenny to the town of Clonmel!, and thence to the bounds of the county of Cork, according to the best of my Jl. il/, without favour or malice; and that I will account faithfully with the commissioners of the said road for all money received by me as a director; and that I will, as far as in me lies, endeavour to appoint competent and proper supervisors of the said road, to act under the directors of the said road.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said directors, or any three of them, shall, as soon as they conveniently can, after they shall be elected and sworn as aforesaid, meet at some place convenient to the said road, and shall have power, from time to time, to choose any proper persons, not exceeding two in number, to be supervisors of the said road, and to appoint salaries for such supervisors, not exceeding in the whole to any one supervisor the sum of twenty-pounds in the year, and that the number of attendances of every supervisor chosen pursuant to this act, shall be ascertained by the oath of such supervisor, to be taken before any one of the said directors, which oath the said directors, or any one of them, are, and is hereby empowered and directed to administer, and that any three or more of the said directors assembled together shall have power, from time to time, to remove any supervisor, at the free will and pleasure of such directors, and to appoint other supervisor or supervisors in the Head of such supervisor so removed; and in case of death or resignation, to appoint other supervisor or supervisors in the Head of such supervisor or supervisors so dying or religning.

The thirty-second Year of George III.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every supervisor who shall be chosen and appointed by the directors pursuant to this act, shall, before he shall act as such, take and subscribe an oath in the words following, to wit;

A. 1\

179- Chap. 39.

I A.B. dofolemnly swear, that J wilt honesty and diligent- Sspovifoi’s ly execute the office of a supervisor of the road, from the city of Kilkenny to the iown of Clonmcll, and thence to the bounds of the county of Cork; and that I will, according to the left of my, fill and knowledge, execute all lawful orders given to me by the directors of the fat'd road-, and that I will, when called upon by the said directors, or any three of them, account for all money which fall be confided to me by the said directors, or by me received by virtue of this act.

So help me God.

Which oath any three of the said directors assembled together are hereby empowered and required to administer to such supervisor.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the supervisors shall as often as required by the said directors, or any of them, attend on the said road, and shall fee jointly or separately, as shall be directed, that all orders and works directed and ordered by the said directors, be properly executed and performed, and shall make returns and reports when required, from time to time, to the said directors of the fiate, nature, and circ imstances of the said road, and shall remove all nuisances, obflrudions, and encroachments on the said road, and shall fupeointend all workmen and labourers working and labouring on the said road, and pay them their wages,' but subject to the orders of the said directors, and each supervisor shall keep a book containing a journal of his own proceedings, and shall attend all meetings of the said directors and commissioners if so required, and if any supervisor shall refuse or neglect to perform his office of supervisor as required by this act, and shall be thereof convicted by the catli of any two or more credible witnesses before any justice of the peace, every such supervisor shall forfeit the sum of five pounds for every such offence, to be levied by distress and sale of such supervisors goods, by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice, rendering the overplus, if any, to such supervisor.

5 B 2

j directors

may ntlmini* Her salt] oath.

Duly t)f fu-pervifors;

penalty on retiring or oc-gJcfling to perform office. 5l.

for etcrv c!,r' i iaye <l*awn by 6 Iioiftfj. or iron",

2S. Spd.

I.y 4 w S'

!5. 7 ;d. by 2 or 3,

18. id.

by tj Cjd.

for every waggon, Sec. &c. id. for every bead i

for every horlV, &c. laden or unladen, id.

2C(1. a score for cattle, and To in pro-.portion

iod. a score for calves, flircp, lambs, or piga.

Oates may be irrcled S'crol’b lanes, S/c.

and toll-ioufes for such ynles. and tolls demanded as by this act.

Toll to be paid bttt once a day for fame cattle and carriages;

The shirty-second Year of George III.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That any three of the said directors shall have full power to divide the said road into two divisions, in such manner as they shall think proper, and to cflablifii orered, or catife to be erected, one or more pay-gate or pay-gates upon and across any part or parts of the said road, and shall have power to build, hire, or rent a loll-house convenient to every such gate, and to demand and lake in each of the said two divisions, by such person or persons as they or any three or more of them shall authorize thereto, the following tolls at every such gate, before any horse, mare, or gelding, afs, mule, catlie, coach, chariot, landau, phaeton, cabriolet, curricle, chaise, waggon, car;, car, or oilier carriage, shall be permitted to go through the fame, that is to say, for every coach, landau, chariot, chaise, phaeton, cabriolet, curricle, or chair, if drawn by fix horses, or other heafes, or by more than fix, the sum of two fnil-lings and eight pence halfpenny; if drawn by four or five horses, or other beads, the sum of one (lulling and seven pence halfpenny; if drawn by two or three horses, or other beads, the sum of one shilling and one penny, and if drawn by one horse or other bead only, tile sum of dx pence halfpenny; for every waggon, wain, dray, cart, car, timber or other carriage, not herein before charged, the sum of one penny for every horse or bead drawing the fame; for every horse, mare, gelding, afs, or mule, laden or unladen, the sum of one penny; for every drove of oxen, cows, or neat cattle, the sum of twenty pence by the score, and so in proportion for any greater or less number; for every drove of calves, sheep, lambs, or- pigs, the sum of ten pence by the score, and so in proportion for any greater or less number.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said directors, or any three or more of them, to ered a pay.-gate or pay-gates on the fide of the said road, across any lan.e or way leading out of the said road, and to build, hire, or rent a toll-house for every such gate, and there to demand and receive such tolls as are appointed by this act to be taken at any gate upon the said road, and’ that every such gate shall be deemed a pay-gate.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no person shall be. liable to pay any of the said tolls more than once- in the fame day, with the fame cattle and carriage in the fame di-

6 vision.

The thirty-second Year of George III. 377

vision, but that every person after having paid such toll once, A.D. may during the remainder of the fame day, every such day p.1^2' to be computed from twelve o’clock at night to twelve o’clock the succeeding night, pass and re-pass toil free through every pay-gate in the fame division, with the fame cattle and carriage for which such toll shall have been paid, on producing tirk«» to be a ticket denoting the payment of such toll, and containing such other matters as are herein required respecting the fame, which ticket every collector is required to give gratis on receiving the toll, upon pain of forfeiting five shillings for every >» receipt of omillion or refusal, upon conviction before any justice of the f.it j>. on peace of the county in which such offence shall be com- bXfljuf-mitted, or before any of the said commissioners, every of "ll|^0u,erUm' whom are hereby authorized to examine into the fame, and administer oaths for that purpose.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any person

shall refuse to pay the toll payable by him or her in virtue jiiiidi of of this act, it shall be lawful for the collector thereof, or !’"!s.0r person acting as such, to levy the same by distress of the horse or horses, or other beast or beasts, carriage or carriages, upon which the toll is by this act imposed, or upon the goods or ^Xoftke chattels of the person or persons who ought to pay the same, pc,1"s; and such horse or horses, or other beast or beasts, carriage or carriages, or goods and chattels, may be detained until such toll shall be paid, with the reasonable charges of such distress, and if the same shall not be paid within four days, it shall '(,olls> ill'J

4 J charges of

be lawful for the collector or person acting as such, to fell dtiircfs, be the fame, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner, on iT/li'C1' demand, after payment of the said toll, and the full ex- [5 m:‘:'b: pences of the said distress, detinue, and sale.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or

J r Forcibly, or

persons shall forcibly or wilfully go or pass with any horse, wilfully paffceaft, or carriage through any pay-gate on the said road,

paying or pro-

without paying the toll by this act required, or producing a proper ticket as aforesaid, at such pay-gate, or shall knowingly or designedly assault, interrupt, or obstruct any of the oJolSaing collectors or persons employed in collecting or receiving any collectors.&c. of the said tolls, or otherwise, in the execution of his or their employments of receiver or collector, or shall forge, "]rlcf).’;rn^"s’ror. counterfeit, or alter, or shall deliver to, or receive from any dellt'n.rl? to>

7 ... or receiving

other person or persons any note or ticket with an intent froy oilier

it r persons, lick'

to avoid the payment of any of the said tolls, or any part etstoavoid

Vol. XVI. 5 C thereof,

(tiic. atii bting before a jullict

if upon conviction upon oath, paifiu? rtn not pay penalty and toils, haifcs &c. may be iuld;

378 Tie thirtj-fcccr.d Year of George III.

A.D.

thereof, every person so offending, being ronvicird ih r.'of 1792* upon the oath of any one credible witness before any just ice

of the peace, shall for every such offence, forfeit and pay nMmsaiiil the sum of tcn p0, In(js and jt shall be lawful for every crl-

alulUms may 1

lector or person afling as such, and all other porfons by him required to assist in that respect, to seize any horse.or hoifes, or other bead or beasts, carriage or carriages, with all goods therccri, and the driver or drivers, attendant or attendants thereof, and to bring them before any justice of the peace, who is hereby required to enquire into such offence, and if upon conviction before such juflier, upon the oath of any credible witness, the party or parties complained of, ft.;! I not pay such penalty, together with the tolls that shall be due, it shall be lawful for such jufiirc, and he is hereby required by warrant under his hand and seal, to cause the Iioife or horses, or other bcaft or beasts, carriage or carriages, or goods so distrained, to be sold for payment of the said tolls and penalties, and the charges of seizing and keeping the fame, and of such sale, rendering the overplus, if any, upon demand to the owner or owners of the fame, or to the person or persons under whose care, or in whose possession respectively the fame was or were when so seized as aforesaid, or if no sufficient distress shall have been seized, to commit such owner or owners, or other person or persons to the common gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize, Jj1 until such fine and penalties, tolls and charges be paid.

Penalty on

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or lotinppersons persons whatsoever owning, renting, or occupying any land 'ny gate,e. near unto any pay-gate established or erefled, or to be erefled ment of Sj >n pursuance of this act, shall for gain, reward, or otherwise. ,0‘- knowingly or willingly permit any person or persons whatsoever to pass through any gate, passage, or way, with any hoise, beast, cattle, or carriage, liable to toll on passing through any pay-gate on the said road, to avoid the payment of the toll hereby appointed to be paid, and be thereof convicted upon the oath of any one credible witness, before any justice of the peace, every such person shall forfeit the sum of ten shillings for every such offence, to be levied by distress and sale of such offenders goods, by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner, the charges in taking and disposing of the said goods being first dedufled.

If no fuffuM-ent difheff, such persons may be committedto gaol

The thirty-second Year of George III. 379

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful A.D.

for the said commissioners, or any seven or more of them,

r , C.iap. 79.

to appoint a treasurer, at a yearly salary not exceeding —,

twenty pounds, and as they shall see occasion to remove him, and appoint another person in his Head, and to take

from every person whom they thall appoint, such security as &ia.rn°t«-they shall think proper for his duly accounting for and pay- aK ina; all money which he shall receive as treasurer, and for dcpoliting the fame, from time to time, in such manner as ^)l"a'1|"cca' they, or any seven or more of them shall, from time to and take retime direct, in the bank of Ireland, or in any other bank. mUmL.U&c.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the treasurer shall Treatr:,* attend the meetings of the said directors as often as he /hall

be thereunto required by any one or more of them, and shall '"I111' keep such books of account, and in such manner as any and iolur.1 three of the said directors shall, from time to time order, i.rc.iX^ and that it shall be lawful for any three of the said dire dors to dismiss any treasurer from his office, who shall neglect to eive such attendance, or to keep such books, or to give any u«iforcr for

nr|*leaing

information which may be required of him respecting his re- attend, keep ceipts and payments as treasurer, or to deposite the whole, foforma'ioii or any part of the balance in his hands in the bank, as often as he shall be ordered so to do by any three of the said jj'rfotij<= directors.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful 3d,raa°r»

may appoint

for the said directors respectively, or any three or more of lWfor; it

J /i n /y. - [u,t mllc

them, to appoint as many collectors as shall be necessary for i.an 20l. per receiving the tolls at the pay-gates, at such salary or wages tdL,>

as shall be approved of by them, not exceeding the rate of twenty pounds per annum for each; and every such collector

J 1 * pjy utiiiMt’s to

shall pay the monies by him collected or received to the trea- ireufuer, fnrer appointed by the said commissioners, once at least in every month, and as much oftener as he shall be thereunto required by any of the said directors or commissioners, or by the supervisor, and shall also upon oath, if thereunto re- >,ld """‘"t

r r upon oath.

quired by the said treasurer, or by any of the said direc- If required, tors or- commissioners, which oath any one of the said directors or commissioners is hereby empowered to administer, give in, from time to time, a true, exact, and perfect account in writing of all monies by him collected or received by virtue of this act, or by reason of his said employment;

6 5 C 2 and

80 The thirty-second Year of George III.

on conviction cf collector before a magistrate, of refufingt or omitling so to do» to be committed to gaol until re* quifius are performed*

Directnrfl may lease tolls as herein;

tolls to be set by public cant, agreement in writ* nig, monthly payments and security, and month in advance;

3 directors to ltgn.

Persons appointed to receive by persons taking tolls by lease, to have fame powers, and subject to regulations, &c. as collectors appointed by directors,

except as Jiciein.

and if any such collector shall refuse or omit so to do, and shall tc thereof convicted, upon the oath of any one credible witness, before any justice of the peace, it shall be lawful for such justice to commit such collector to gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize, until he shall give in such account upon oath, and pay all such monies as he shall have received for the said directors by virtue of this act!.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said directors, or any three of them, may, if they think fit, and they are hereby empowered, on fourteen days notice being given in any two Kilkenny or Clonmell papers for that purpose, to lease or farm by the year, for any time not exceeding three years, nor less than one year, the tolls by this act payable, to any person or persons at or for the largest yearly sum that can be got for the fame; provided always, that they be set by public cant, and that the agreement be put into writing, and signed by the party taking the fame, and that the money be made payable monthly, and that proper security be given for the regular payment thereof, and that one month be paid in advance, and that every such agreement be approved of, and signed by three at least of the said directors present at such cant.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That every person appointed to receive the toll at any pay-gate on the said road, by any person or persons taking the fame by lease, shall have all and Angular the like powers and authorities, and be subject to, and under all and singular the like regulations, penalties, and restrictions, as any collector appointed by the said directors can, or shall have, or be subject to by virtue of this act, except as to paying the tolls collected to the treasurer, and accounting for the same to him, or to the directors or commissioners.

Toll-gatlierer

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any collector or duly as'here- toll-gatherer, whether appointed by the said directors, or by j"! upon'con- any Person taking any of the tolls by lease or contract, or any committed Person adfing as such, shall permit any carriage, horse, or gaol for not beast whatsoever, to pass through any pay-gate without pay-months, or ment of the toll, payable for the fame by virtue of this untd fincu a(r^ or a proper certificate, as before directed, being produced therewith, and shall omit to seize such car, carriage, or beast, or shall delay to proceed to have the penalties levied

The thirty—fe-coml Year of George III.

vied as the law directs for such offence, or shall omit to detain any car, cart, or other carriage, and prevent the passing through the gate, after notice shall be given to him that the driver thereof has obstiufted the execution of this act in any respect, every person so offending shall, upon conviction thereof before any one justice of the peace, forfeit the sum of five pounds, and on non-payment thereof, shall be committed, by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice, to the common gaol, or house of correction, there to remain without bail or mainprize for any time not exceeding six months, or until the said fine be paid.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That whenever, and 'Micnti-

r.tto:s tfcink

as often as the said directors shall think it expedient iti-Kpclie.it

rr i t ' r «*> loiin a new

to form a new line of road between any two points ot i;,c froaa.

the present turnpike Toad from the city of Kilkenny to

the town of Clonmcll, and thence to the bounds of the ","1'll"'

treaforc.,

county of Cork, for the purpose of shortening the distance, or avoiding hills, or for the greater convenience of travellers, it shall be lawful for them to deposite, or cause to be depofiled with the treasurer of the county through which such new road shall be proposed to be made, a map thereof, with a declaration thereon, signed by three of the said di- andadec!*-rectors at the leaf!, setting forth their determination to on, signeil fojr lay out such netv road of the breadth of sixty feet in the LliinffnrUi clear, and distinguishing the several town-lands and baronies ai hcr‘;l"> through which the fame is to be made, and exproffing the number of perches in length that such new road is intended to be carried through each town-land, and they shall also »jr>< nnanui. deposite, or cause to be deposited with such treasurer an forth, as > affidavit or affidavits, setting forth, that a copy of such declaration has been pofled up on the door of the county court-house, and that a like copy has been personally serv-cd on, or left at the house of every occupier of the ground through which such new road is intended to be made, or in case the residence of any occupier of any part of such ground shall not he known to the said directors, then that a like notice has been fixed up in a conspicuous manner on such part of such ground, and on the toll-gate of the road nenreft thereto.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That every treasurer to 7r':'r"r"

J tu keep imp,

whom such map, declaration, and affidavit or affidavits shall declaration be delivered, shall keep the fame open for the ir.speftion of all open for in-

Vo L. XVI. 5d personSt;t;u:d

3$»

A.D. 1792.Chap. 39.

fore 1 he court flcncxt afli/cs, with a c«rMi-ftcnte upon oath, of day hr received them.

If It appears that map. &c. were depo-fiud 21 diya before affi/cs, declaration shall be read;

persons ag-grionl may traverse fur

damages,

traverse to be tiled at fame assizes, miltfs canfe nj> >n

oath, then at next afljzca

Veulift of jury f.,r da-trajie- con* cluing

upon films br'iiy |):id or (lipol'iied,

or upon verdicts. again! travel fci s;

or upon tra* reife being withdrawn,

or no travel fe entered, new road may be laid out.

Same powers, regulations, Sc for r.iw road, as lor present, road;

The thirty] cud i'ear of George III.

persons whom the fame may concern, and shall lay the fame before (he court at the next assizes held for such county, as the land shall be in through which such road shall be intended to be made, together with his certificate, tefiifying upon oath the day lie received the same.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if it shall appear by such certificate, that such map, declaration, and affidavit or affidavits, shall have been deposited with such treasurer twenty-one days before the first day of such assizes, the said declaration shall be read in open court, and if any owner or occupier of the ground through which such new road is to be made, shall think hinifclf or herself aggrieved thereby, in respect to such ground, such owner or occupier may traverse the fame for damages, by entering a traverse thereto with the clerk of the crown for damages at the fame assizes, which traverse shall be tried at the fame assizes, unless good and sufficient cause shall be fhetvn upon oath for not trying it, then in which case it shall be tried at the assizes next immediately ensuing, and every such traverse shall be entered and tried in like manner, and like security be given for prosecuting the fame, as is usual in the case of a traverse of a present-mcnl of a grand jury for laying out and making a new road.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the jury who shall try any such traverse, shall true verdict give, whether any, and what damages will accrue to the person taking such traverse, by such new road being made, which verdict shall be conclusive to such traverser, and upon the sum so found for damages being paid to such traverser, or deposited with the county treasurer for his or her use, and upon all such damages as shall be found upon each traverse, which may be tried, being so paid or deposited, or upon verdids found again! the traversers, or upon each traverse which may have been entered being withdrawn, or not tried pursuant to this act, or upon no traverse (being entered, it shall be lawful for the said directors, or any three of them,' or such persons as they shall appoint, to proceed to lay out and make such new road, without the interruption of any person whatever.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said directors, supervisors, collectors, and all other persons shall have all and singular the fame powers and authorities, and the like regulations, penalties, and forfeitures shall afled and extend to

3 ' every

The thirty-second Year of George III. 383

every part of any new road laid out In- th.c said directors, as A.D. are provided or enabled with respefi to any part of the pvc- ’/S*2, sent road, and that every such map,- declaration, and afii-davit, shall be preserved among the records of the county "*.4 with the treasurer of the said county.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where Maps of

. (mil pans of the said dtreCors shall alter the present road, by taking off ihcpu-salt any unnecessary angles, or making a new line of road, they be disconu-shall cause a map of fuel) parts of the prefen't road as shall dTp|!r,t'awiih in consequence thereof be discontiniicd by them as part, of Cu-tr"futcr > the turnpike road for the use of travellers, to be deposited with the treasurer of the county in which such parts shall be situate; and if the grand jury of such county shall not within lfnoti’rV,.

J settled tvalim

eight months from the time such map shall be so deposited, 8 mumii. to r r . Ik kept open,

present such parts to be kept open as a public road, every fm.li p:i u such part of the said old road as shall not be so prefen ted r-a.oIs|" shall be, and is hereby declared to be vested in the said di-reflers for the benefit of the said road, and shall and may be set or sold by the said directors, or any three of them, and the rent or money arising therefrom, shall be applied by them l/mmt:v.n towards payment of the rents or purchase of such grounds as they may think proper to take by yearly rent, or to purchase for any of the purposes herein before mentioned.

XXXI. Provided always, That no such presentment for keeping open any such part of the present road shall be made ^keeping by any grand jury, except upon an affidavit of two credible open, hut on persons, who can read and write, setting forth that such part ‘rSieJw-rf the road is necessary to be kept open, as a public road for r',u"'

the convenience of travellers.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if at any time . fr3nJ

jury prdcni

thereafter, the grand jury of such county shall present the f.-metnbe fame to be flopped up, it shall be immediately thereupon, it Mbe«n-and is hereby declared to be vested in the said dire£!ors, without any further act clone - on their behalf, as fully as if "auri' the fame never had been presented to be kept open.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be law- Cramijii-

n.'5 imy |.rc-

fui for the grand juries of such county, at any assizes, topre- r.-ntany p-vt sent.any part of the said-road, within their respective coun-tits, to be widened to the width of fixity feet, upon the re- j

(-.Deft of three of the dircfTors in writing, and an affidavit -lti,a

. *’ Oil HhltuIvU

iv.'crn before any two justices of the peace for such ccuntv, or tu it b mt

J_1 , ' fl3 ftci wiJ«.

5 D 2

ceiorc

3% The thirty-second Year of George III.

A.D. before the court, by any two credible persons, that the part of the road so requeued to be widened is not of the width of sixty feet.

j, fuii,ar.

XXXIV. Provided always, That if the owner or occupier prieved, injj- of the land where the said road is to be widened as aforesaid,

liavcife at

rameafli7.es, shall think himself or herself aggrieved by such presentment, ke'uinl ilien, if shall be lawful for such person to traverfc the fame at the iffia.")*1 f;in'c assizes for damages, and such traverse shall be tried then, or at the next ensuing assizes; and upon all damages paTdo? which shall be found by the jury who shall try such traverse, ' being paid to the traverser, or deposited with the county proceed. treasurer for his or her use, it shall be lawful for the said directors to proceed in widening the fame, pursuant to said presentvnent, without the interruption of any person whatsoever.

XXXV. And whereas the tolls to be collcfled on the said

Directors may borrow a ftim not esc-

recdin^OMl. for purposes of this act;

1>:1N for such fonts to be iiiucd ami fisjoed by tiulma, and fijtnal ami

folded bj 3 dirodors;

bills to hear iuieidl;

tittered to be paid by treasurer, by order of directors, on every lft. of May ..and Nov.

turnpike-road will not be sufficient to answer the several charges thereon, and to repair and widen the said road, and form such new lines of road as may be necessary; lie it further enacted, That any three or more of the said directors shall and may, and are hereby empowered from time to time, as occasion shall require, to raise and borrow such sum and sums of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of four thousand pounds flcrling, as they shall judge necessary towards repairing and widening the said road,- or forming new lines of road in the place and Head of any part thereof, and defraying all charges which may be incurred by virtue of this act, and that for all such sums so to be borrowed, bills entitling tile bearers to the amount of the sums therein specified shall be issued, and signed by the treasurer for the time being, and signed by and sealed with the seals of three or more of the said directors, and that such bills shall bear such interestfrom the date thereof, as shall be agreed upon betsveen the said directors and the lender or lenders, not exceeding the legal rate of interest by the hundred by the year, and that for such sum as shall hereafter be borrowed by the said directors as aforesaid, there shall be paid by the treasurer for the time being, by and with the order and direction of three or more of the said directors, on every first day of May, and every first day of November, after the respective dates of such bills, :to the holders thereof, out of the produce of the tolls of the said

lor may appoint a receiver.

The thirty-second Year of George III. 385

fnjd road, such interest as shall be so agreed upon in full to A.D. the said days so appointed for the payment of such interest, '792-without any fee or charge whatsoever, and free from all de- v^-y-^2" duflions, defalcations, and abatements, until the principal'

Aims therein mentioned be respectively paid at one payment,1 and that all such bills as shall be so issued and tinned thall be' tob=

u numbered

numbered in arithmetical progression, beginning with mim- nriiiimciical-berone, until the whole thereof shall be numbered; provided- Sir’icilforUf. that ho such bill shall be issued for less than fifty pounds, or for more than one hundred pounds. lco1-

XXXVI. And be' it' further enacted, That if any part of lfanytn-the said interest, shall be behind or unpaid by the said trea-furer for the space of seven days after any of the days so an- of,cr.da>f

r j j j 1 appointed,

pointed for the payment thereof, the lord chancellor, or lord lord chancel-keeper, or commissioners of the great seal, may upon a petition and affidavit appoint a receiver to receive so much of the tolls of the said road as may be necessary to pay such interest, and the receiver’s fees, and all reasonable costs attending such application, or may make such order for sequestcring the tolls for the payment thereof, as to justice shall pertain.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the tolls of the several gates on the said road, shall be applied in discharge of the interest to arise upon such debentures as shall be issued for the said sum of four thousand pounds, or any part thereof, and that the said directors, or any three or more of them, may expend from time to time such sums of money1 as shall be received by the treasurers in the payment'of the said treasurer’s salary, appointed as aforesaid, in erefling or repairing gates and toll-houses, fixing tables of the tolls, and salary, c^a fixing and lighting proper lamps at each gate, in erecting &c. &'c.S’ mile-stones, mile-polls, and direction-posts, paying toll-col- Odors and supervisors in the expences of fnrveys and valuations for widening, and in widening the said road, and fencing1 it where widened, in forming new lines of road, and paying all costs attending the fame, in draining, forming, and gravelling, drclfing, cleaning, or repairing the said road, and in rendering it more convenient for travellers, according to their discrelion, and in laying up materials in convenient places for repairing breaches in the winter season.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the

expenditure of all such money, shall be accountable for upon oath before the said directors, which oath any of the said di- uat*‘

Vol. XVI. 5 E reflors

Tolls to be applied in discharge of imercll;

herein.

Expend!* tire to be accounted for

3-8G A.D.

Ch :l

ns J

tvio» ix* jirliditlire, |0 lie liiiil hcfoie

- canmiiflitJiiers once in 3

and ofuner; if rc-

quir.d.

jOIrcClors

may putdiafe ground or houses for wi-

dering or making roads,

- or devilling

materials.

Any ptifon

entnifledwitli

expenditure,

' who fli.ill nut

account within f month after being required, flitil) forfeit double tfiC Ann to be accounted

for;

upon non* payment committed to gaol.

Supervisor ’to make monthly returns, as herein.

Tie tlirt';-feca:cl Year of George III.

redors or commissioners is hereby empowered to sdminifler. spec.ifyingibc particular manner in which every part of it !h:ll have been expended, and such account shall be laid before the said commissioners, together with a copy of all orders of expenditure made by the said directors, by being deposited with their treasurer, once at the least in every three months, and as much oftener as the said commissioners, or any seven or-more of them Hall require.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said directors, or any three-or-more of them, to purchase-all such ground, 'house or houses, as may be necessary for.widening the said road, or making 'new 'roads in place of any part-s of the present road, or for depositing materials for repairing the fame, or'laying by the ferapings and cleaning thereof.

XL. And be it further-enacted, That if any person to whom the expenditure tif any of the said money shall be en-'truffed by the said divedors, shall not account for so much as he shall have expended of the fame in manner aforesaid, within 011c month after he shall be thereunto required by any one of the said'directors, or of the said commissioners, he shall forfeit double the sum which he shall be To required to account for, and upon non-payment thereof, shall be committed by warrant, under the hand and seal of the justice before whom lie shall be convicted, upon the Oath of any one credible witness, to the common gaol, or house of correction, there to remain until the said forfeiture be paid.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That every person appointed supervisor of the said road, shall once in every month return to the said directors an account on oath of the state of the-road, the conduct of the gate-keepers and overseers, tvork-mcn and labourers, so far as the same shall have fallen within his observation, whether the tickets given to cars, carts, or other carriages passing through any of the pay-gates thereon, which he has examined, have been conformable to this act, or wherein they have differed, what nuisances, encroachments, or offences against this act he has found or observed respecting the said road, what flops he has taken to remove or remedy them, what penalties he has levied, and the several days on which he has inspected the said road, and what part thereof lie has fnfpeded on each day,

The thirtj-fecoad Year of George III. 387

XLII. And be it further enacted, Thai every supervisor A.D. shall have power to repair any sudden breaches or holes which _'792' he may have observed in any part of the said road, first rc-ceiving an order for the purpose from any two of the said di- pct^[ynf"' redors, and the cxpeccc thereof shall be laid before the di- repair breach-

f on ri'rnv#

vs fii receiv*

reflors at their next meeting, and upon their approving there- ing an onto ‘ of, and his making oath of the expenditure, and specifying , S.J the particulars thereof, they, or any three or more of them, may order the said expences to be paid by the treasurer. oathbefore

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That every person ap- they may or-pointed by any three or more of the said directors to make, ‘<r 1,ayment-gravel, repair, or superintend the said road, or any part of it, ,p"

shall have full power and authority to dig for, search, raise,

1 J u 01 Inpcrinteii'J

and cat ry away any gravel, flone, sand, or other materials n»a»i, to have which may be wanted for the ufo of the said road, and to <i,'g,*cThto' make drains in order to carry off water from, or prevent its alllallds> injuring the said road, on or through the lands of any person, not being a deer-park, orchard, haggard, yard, planted lawn, (except» or avenue to a mansion-house, and that every such person so tlcrcin^ appointed, shall make satisfafijon to the owners or occupiers of the land for the damage that may be done thereby, in like 10 manner, and under the like regulations as is, arc, or shall be enacted with respect to damages done by overseers appointed by the presentments of grand juries.

XLIV. And whereas it is necessary for the further management of the said road, that the drains along either fide thereof should be under the controul of the said directors; be it further enacted, That if any person shall scour, deepen, t, fill up, or widen any drain or ditch on the fide of any part deepen, fill or

' wirten any of the said road, without the order of the said directors, or drain or any three of them, it shall be lawful for any of the said di- o!u an"rder redors to cause the same to be filled up, or feoured, as the from

r tOlSi

case may be, according to his discretion, and to levy the expence thereof by distress and sale of the goods of such person.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall No imnfc build any house, or part of a house, within forty feet of within 40 the centre of the said road, except in a corporate or borough town, or shall build any wall, or make any ditch, within ""-'pt m cor-

J J pnreic or bo-

thirty feet of the centre of the said road, or shall make or rou^Il (tiivti*, have any passage or way from the said road into the lands or Swilii-adjoining, without placing a gutter or arch underneath such 111

5 E 2

vay

nor any

The thirty-second Year of George III.

way or passage, as deep as the drain or ditch over which it is or shall be made, so as to allow all water which may at any time be therein full room to pass, or shall burn, or permit or suffer to be burned on his or her lands, bricks or weeds, or vegetable substance, for afnes, within one hundred feet of the centre of the said road, every such person shall for every such offence, upon conviction thereof, by the oath of one credible witness, before any justice of the peace, or bricIv.OTak, upon the view of such justice, forfeit the sum of five pounds; burned with- and if any person shall keep, or have in his or her possession, of lite centre, any cur-dog, mastiff, or bull-dog, at any house within fifty penalty yi. yar(js of t},c f;lj(j roa(l, without a block of wood of five penalty on pounds weight at the least fastened to the neck of every such

keeping any 1 ° J

c»r, mastiff, dog, or shall winnow, or lay out for winnowing any com at any honk on the said road, or shall lay any straw, dung, or rubbifll yarj|l'ii?°the thereon, or shall ferape the fame, or shall lay the scouring ab?o’cT-i,rfUt or Cart^ any or drain on the said road, and let it ylb.«. be there for more than the space of twenty-four hours, or or winnowing ]cavc on any part of the fame, between enclosure and

corn, or lay- J r

ingftraw.ftc. enclosure, or permit to be left thereon, opposite or near to otherwise or- his or her house, any carriage whatsoever, or any plough or Imci'if203 harrow, without the horse or horses, or other beast or bcalls being harnessed thereto, unless such carriage as shall be accidentally broken down there, and cannot be removed without repair; or if any person shall spread out any linen, blanket or winnow cloth within one hundred feet of the centre of the said road, or shall beat or dry any flasr, or leave any timber, stones, sand, clay, lime, or other matter, oil the said road, except for the use of the said road, or shall leave, or permit to be left, the carcafc of any horse, or other heart, or shall skin the fame, or permit it to be fldnned on the said road, or within one hundred yards of the centre thereof, except in a house or yard enclosed with walls, or shall lead or drive any car or carriage with timber, boards, or iron, laid across, so as that cither end thereof shall project beyond the wheels or fidcs of the carriage, or shall drag any timber or mill-stones along any part of the said road, without being supported by wheels from touching the faair, or shall ercdl any sign-post, or may-pole, or may-berts, on any part of the said road, every person so offending, fl:il for every such offence forfeit the sum of twenty fliiiings, ' 4 urea

The thirty-second Year of George III. 389

upon conviction before any justice of the peace, by the oath A.D.

of one credible witness, or upon the view of such justice. ' ?92'

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That all dung, dirt,

11 raw, rubbish, stones, gravel, sand, or lime, which shall be

laid on the said road* shall be, and is hereby declared to l.hrrd> for-

J lcitcaj

be forfeited to the said directors, and to be their sole property, and shall be sold by them, or any of them, for the use of the said road, or otherwise disposed of by them as they shall think fit, and that if any person not authorized

by the said directors, shall draw away any part thereof, such by ilmflun,

J J J 1 who draw

person shall be deemed to have feloniously stolen the fame, away such

and shall be prosecuted and punished as any person felo- mT/’hfjio-

niously Healing like goods being the private property offccuu<1,

another.

XLVII. Provided always, That no such person shall be Fulfilment,

J . 1 fine, ir.ipii-

sentenced to death or transportation, or other punishment.fmnu.it, or than fine, imprisonment, or whipping for the fame. wltiiiping.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That for every car- , 'V'1-*?1"

r Im<i for a|l

load of fcounng or earth thrown out of any drain or ditch on fcmiring

the said road, which shall have remained thereon twenty- and

four hours, and which shall be drawn away by the said di- !'of'r‘kcre!+

rectors, or their order, the owner or occupier of the land

which such drain or ditch divides from the said road, shall forfeit the sum of one shilling for every day the fame

shall have remained thereon, upon conviction in manner

aforesaid.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may . ah corn

J laid on the

be lawful for every person whatsoever, to take and carry road for pur.

1 1 r , pofcofwin-

away, and convert to his or her own me, any corn which ttowing, ami shall be laid on the said road for the purpose of being win- nowed, or shall be winnowing thereon, or remain thereon after being winnowed, together with the sacks or winnowing clothes wherein the fame may happen to be, and also all left tVictc timber which shall be left on any part of the said road, and »for 7 days, shall have remained thereon for seven days, not having been dirofditcc-brought or kept there by order of the said directors, or for ukenT/ a,', the use of the said road, without the let, suit, trouble, or hindrance of any person whatsoever.

L. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Supmifou lawful for the supervisors of the said road, or any of them, so-.*n, till up, to pull down, or fill up, and level any wall, drain, or ditch,

39°

The thirty-second Year of George III.

A.D.

which shall be built or made, or began to be built and 1792, made after the passing of this act, upon any part of the said road, or within thirty feet of the centre of the said road, and lake «p and to take up any way or passage from the said road into

any obssntc- r J t f 4 0 t e\ n. i r r

tiontopassage any field or land adjoining, which may obitrua the free paf-m ».ner, fagC of wa(eri and to remake the fame by building a gutter m'ai'c° ’l'c or fewer, or arch therein, at a sufficient depth, andtofeour and clear away all obstradions which may happen to be made in any drain for carrying away water from the said road, or amt pull down for preventing its injuring the fame, and to pull down and otnaiiiiiif a remove any sign-post which shall be eroded contrary to this act, first obtaining a warrant under the hand and fca! of any magistrate, or any of the directors or coriunilfioners for so cxperccto !w doing, and to levy the expence thereof, by distress and tret's!' b> sale of the goods of the offender, or of the owner' or occupier of the land wherein such way, passage, or drain shall be, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner on demand.

Crandjurjr

LI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Sesor"1 lawful for the grand jury at any assizes or quarter sessions, !w pIiX to to present any house, or part of a house, or litne-kilii, to be down, ifbmlt pulled down, which shall be built contrary to this act, within

contrary to r '

this act; their county, and that the expences of so doing, be levied

expence to lie off the goods and chattels of the offender; and that it shall

Wl,i and may be lawful for any person to kill any dbg which

jcil?ed.ay shall be kept contrary to this act, without being sued or pro-

fecuted for so doing.

Superrifor ’

LII. And be it further enacted, That if any supervisor "pp!$or8or ora,t (o npply for any such warrant for fort5'-eight hours execute war- after he shall be informed, or have seen any of the said of-hoii's,0'H fences or matters, or having obtained such warrant, shall unlesspre- omit for forty-eight hours to execute the fame, unless pre-weatifer*lllC vented by the severity of weather, or shall omit to apply at or neglecting next ensuing sessions or assizes for such presentment as to apply for aforesaid, or shall delay or neglect to seize, prosecute for,

presentmenti_i*r/v*

and levy any of the penalties for offences aga'irilt this act, tofeTzefpro- which shall come or happen within his knowledge, view, or levy, CfliaU<l information, he shall forfeit the sum of five pounds for every forfeit 5l. such omission, delay, or neglect, upon conviction thereof, before any justice of the peace, upon the.oath of any.one credible witness.

6

Llir And

OIK III

tmjily

The thirty second Year of George III. 391

LIII. And be it further enacted, That if the driver or A.D. person in care of any car, cart, dray, or waggon, or car- 792^ riage, shall ride upon the fame on any part of the said road, not having some other per foil on foot or on horseback to of

guide the fame, (such carriages as are respectively drawn by "'3s-oue horse only, or two horses a-brcall with bridles in their n\:.s,«i,> months, and are conducted by some person holding the "

reins of such bridles excepted,) or if the driver or person in care of any carriage, shall by negligence or wilful misbehaviour, hinder, obstruct, or intenupt the passage of any priio'-t-, other carriage, or any of his Majesty's subjects on the said road, or if the driver or person in care of any empty or «r i-t! unloaded car, cart, or other carriage, shall refuse or neglect .-i,-, ttc. «im. to turn afidc, and to make way for any coach, chariot, diaife, loaded waggon, cart, car, dray, or other loaded car-riaae, every such person beint; convicted thereof by his own

o ’ / r c . upon rom*c«

confession, or by the oath of any one credible witness before <!*n, ihati any justice of the peace, shall for every such offence, if such offender be not the owner of such carriage, forfeit the fern of ten thillings, and if such offender shall be the owner ofi-such carriage, he shall forfeit flic sum of twenty shillings, lm-and every such offender shall upon non-payment thereof, niMn

_1 1 4 (ajirent,

be’ committed by such justice to the gaol, or house of cor- committed ib rection, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not l’J"1 ’ exceeding one month, or until the said fine be paid, and such offend

0 , r r . 1. mny l)c ap* -

every fufclf offender or person in care of such carriage, of- peiirniini by fending in any of the said cases, may by the authority of ivithSu/a"’ this act, and without any other warrant, be apprehended by "'‘H'"' any person who shall fee such offence committed, arid conveyed or delivered to aconflable' or other peace officer to be conveyed before some justice of the peace.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any person An? person or persons shall refill or make forcible opposition against any tol"t’i,l!'e,c("i. person or persons employed in the due execution of this act, of<,l,s or shall assault any collector of the tolls in the execution' of his or their office or offices, or shall make, or attempt to '

make :any refeue of'cattle, carriage, or other goods c'iftfain-cd of seized'-by virtue of this act, or if any coiiflible or Tub- orci.nitaHe'

wlto shall re-

conuable shall refuse or neglect to execute any warrant granted for* to by any justrde,1 of by any commissionef of director, pursuant to1 the directions of this'a<3, every such person ’ otfdrt'ding'j? tiiefein,- an'd being' convicted thereof before any justice ' of conviaion.

5 F 2

the

292 The ihlriy-second Year of George III.

A.D. 1792.

Chap^39-

fit fill forfeit a sum not more than lol nor kfi than 40s. if not immediately paid, to be com-

the peace, by his or her own confession, or by the oath of one credible witness, shall for every such offence forfeit any sum not exceeding ten pounds, nor less than forty shillings, at the discretion of such justice, and in case the same shall not immediately be paid, such justice is hereby empowered and required to commit such offender to the common gaol, or house of correction, there to remain for any time not

niittcdtogaol for not more than 3 months.

Np composition to be made for toll®.

Persons acting under repealed acts, to give up all bouks, papers &c. on demand of % (JircAors.

exceeding three months, unless the said forfeiture shall be sooner paid.

LV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said directors, or any of them, to make or accept of any composition with or from any person whatsoever, for any of the tolls to be paid by virtue of this act.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That the trustees, commissioners, treasurer, clerk, and all persons acting under or by virtue of the said acts hereby repealed, shall deliver upon demand by any two or more of the said directors, all books, papers, maps, and accounts respecting the said

road.

Ail monies

LVII. And be it further enacted, That all monies which

which have 4

atifeu, or may shall have arisen, or may arise by virtue of the said recited toe ofbth"«- acts, or either of them, hereby repealed, and shall be pay-andtttfecw- a^e to the trustees thereby appointed, or be in their hands, itics, to be or in the hands of their treasurer, together with all securi-

handed over "

to the treaties for money due, or to be due to them as trances of the She'V- said road, shall be paid and handed over by them or their fe-IhiTadt ;"ler cretary to the treasurer who shall be appointed by virtue of such monies this act, and all such monies shall be applied towards the

to be applied r

towards the purposes of this act, in such manner as the said directors, Ea;of or any three or more of them, shall think proper, and that ment8or'lease any agreement or lease for setting the tolls of the said road, forfeiting or any part thereof, which may be made- after the first day

tolls, since lit__ 1

Mar. 1792, of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, by shall lie void. trustees appointed by the said acts, or either of them, shall be null and void.

All fiiiM, LVIII- And be it further enacted, That alf'fines, penal-blgofwbuh ties, and forfeitures, imposed for any offence committed tSyiK- against this act, the manner of levying and applying- which frvieTbydif ’s not herein particularly directed, shall and may be levied &c. by distress and sale of the offenders goods, by warrant under the hand and seal of the justice. before whom the offender shall be cpnvided, by the path cf one credible witness, cr

hi*

The thirty-second Year of George III.

his or her own confession; and in case of non-payment thereof, or of any fine or penalty which shall' be imposed by the authority of this act, the offender shall be committed by furli justice, by warrant under his hand and seal, to the common gaol, or house of correction, there to remain without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding three months, or until the said fine, forfeiture, or penalty he paid; and every such fine, forfeiture, or penalty, when paid, shall be applied by the said directors, in aid of the tolls, towards the uses of the road, and in rewarding the informer, or parties con vi fling, and the con (tables, or other persons assisting, or partly in one and partly in the other of the said ways, as to the said directors, or any four of them, shall seem proper.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That every just ice of the peace shall have power within his jurisdiction to administer all oaths which are hereby required or directed, or which may be necessary for the purposes of this act; and if any person shall take or subscribe any oath or affirmation preferred or empowered to be taken by virtue of, or in pursuance of this act, or for the purposes of carrying this act into execution, and shall wilfully affirm, or swear falsely therein, every such person shall, upon conviction, suffer the pains and penalties enacted against persons guilty of wilful aijd corrupt perjury.'.

LX. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where an oath is prescribed or mentioned in this act, the affirmation of the -party, if he or she be a qiiaker, shall and may be made or- taken in the place of such oath.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That where any distress shall be made for any sum or sums of money to be levied by virtue of this act, the distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the parly or parlies making the same be deemed a trefpsfier or trespassers on account of any default or want of form in any- proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the party o.r parties- distraining be deemed a trespasser or trespassers, ab initio, on account of any irregularity which shall be afterwards, done, by the party or parties distraining, but the p.erson or persons aggrieved by fuel) irregularity, may recover full satisfaction for the special damages in an action on the case.

application of

fillCS.

Justices of pracc may administer oaths hereby required.

within their juristlidion;

persons who shall (wear, or afliim falsely, dcei» etl utility of

pcijuiy.

Affirmation of a {junker, in place of an oath.

Distress not deemed unlawful, nor panics t cf»

passers on account of waul of form;

persons ag-yiicvcd may iccover in an adiou on the case.

394 The thirty-second Year of George III.

A.D. '

LXII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be *79* deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a public act, and be Apublick judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other persons whatsoever, without Tpecially pleading the same.

CHAP. XL.

An Act for reviving and continuing certain Temporary Statutes.

Preamble, WHEREAS the several temporary statutes’herein after» mentioned, are found to be of general use, and proper to be continued; be it enacted !by the King’s xnoft excellent' Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, batd labour That an act made in the seventeenth and eighteenth years of G.3?conti- his present Majesty’s-reign,-entitled, An act to authorise for jMt,?796, a limited time, 'the punishment by hard labour of offenders, who nrxt'session for cert^‘n crimef are- or shall become liable to be transported to any of his Majesty's dominions or plantations, be further continued to the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and to the end of the then next session of parliament.

Sllk-maira-

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That9& 19113. an adrpafTed in the nineteenth and twentieth years of his continurito present Majesty, 'entitled, An act for the better regulation of i79finand ^etnanufacture, -which -was revived by an act passed in rndifnut the twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty, entitled, An , alt for reviving, continuing, and amending several temporary fatutes, and which has inadvertently been suffered to expire, be revived and continued to the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and to the end <of the then next session of parliament.

cianfr in

III. And be it also enacted, That a clause in an act passed 'i'7T vs"0.3. 'n the seventeenth and eighteenth years of his present Ma-h*W"nh ok iefty’ entitled, dn attfor reviving and continuing several tem-. a paol, ctuiti* poraryfatutes, whereby it is ..made felony without benefit of jniU'iTsS. clergy, in any person whether prisoner or otherwise, who ncjttTeffitrei. by force break g^ol with intention to enlarge any prisoner, which clause was by the said.act made to ibe in force

ito

The thirty-second Year of George III.

:o the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and to the end of the then next session of parliament, and hath been since further continued, be further continued to the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and to the end of the then next session of parliament-.

IV. And whereas an act passed in the seventeenth and eighteenth years of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for the better preservation of fish in rivers, lakes, and inland waters; as also an act passed in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for the protection and improvement of the inland ffheries of this kingdom 5 and also an act passed in the twenty-sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to explain and amend an act passed in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for the protection andimprovement of the inlandffheries of this kingdom, are found to contain such regulations and provisions, as have answered the purposes for which said several acts were framed: and whereas said acts are now nearly expiring; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said several acts be, and are hereby made perpetual.

V. And whereas by the twenty-third'clause of the last recited act, viz. of the twenty-sixth of his present Majesty, entitled, An act to explain and amend an act passed in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years -of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for theproteftion and preservation of the inland ffheries, the river Anna Liffey is precluded from the benefit of the several regulations and provisions-enacted for the preservation and protection of the inland fisheries: be -it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing df -this act, the said clause be, and -is hereby repealed; and that the said river Anna 'Liffey shall be subject to such provisions and regulations as are made and provided -for the protection and preservation of the salmon and trout in the other-rivers, and inland waters of this kingdom; provided that -it shall and may -be lawful for persons duly authorised to fish sin 'said river, to kill salmon and trout, from the first day'of February, to the first day of Gdtober, in each and every year.

VI. And provided always, That nothing in this act, -nor in the aforesaid -recited act of the twenty-third and twenty-

5 G ?, fourth

Inland fish-

crj ait,

iBG. 3.

and 13 & 24. O 3.

and 26 G. 3*

made perpetual.

Cy 13d clause in it* cited aft 26 G. 3. flic Anna Liffey te precluded

said dauTe repealed;

the Anna Liffey subject to regulations made for other rivers* &c.

pflfons att-tterized may kill salmon and trout from ill Fob. to ill Oft.

No title given to corporation of Dublin* to

39

A.D. 1792.

fish« iifi on Liti liver,

nor d'minifti-t(! by this, or recited act.

React ail 5 G- 2 from Ntrwcnllle to l.imciitk and Cork, cor.ti* imed 3 Veins, and to end of ncKt feifton.

Rob. Bro« k became in* debit'd to die King}

indebted to the King for 3 further film;

tind to several persons in considerable sum<;

he failed:

recital 26 G. 3. c. 43.

5Tie tlirty-fcccnd Year of George III.

fourth of his present Majesty's reign, dial I be confiruci! to give any right or title whatsoever, to the corporation of the city of Dublin, to the fifiirrics on said river, other than such corporation might have had before the passing said ail; or to the diminishing of the fame, any thing to the contrary in this, or in the said receited act, in any wise notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That an act passed in the fifth year of his late Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for repairing the road leading from the leant of Ncvicafle, in ike county of Limerick, to the city of Limerick, and from thence to the city of Cork, be continued for three years, and to the end of the then next session of parliament.

CHAP. XLI.

An Act for the Rchif of the Creditors of Robert Brook, late of Prcjfcrous, in the County of Kildare, Esquire.

WHEREAS Robert Brook, late of Profperons, in the county of Kildare, esquire, on the twenty-sixth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, became indebted to his Majesty in the sum of fifty thousand pounds, by a recognizance, acknowledged before the lord chief baron of the court of exchequer, conditioned for the payment of twenty-five thousand pounds into his Majesty's treasury, with interest, at the time and in the manner therein mentioned; and the said Robert Brook likewise afterwards on the twenty-third day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, became indebted to his M:ij‘efty in the further stun of seven thousand pounds,'by a recognizance, acknowledged before one of the barons of the said court of exchequer; and the said Robert Brook became indebted to several persons in considerable sums, which Were expended by him in building the town of Prosperous' aforesaid, upon the lands of Curry-hills, and in building fevrijal factories used thereon, for the purpose of carrying on mnnu-factures there: and whereas by several Losses sustainecl by the said Robert Brook in carrying on the said manufacture, he failed in his circumstances and credit: and whereas by an act passed in the twenty-rtxth year of the reign of I,is present Majesty,

'The ti/irty-Jccond Teat ef George III.

Majesty, entitled, An aidJb- further pro-no:.-'.v- ;!.e !- p-f: / an act, entitled, /In all for the ifih-y t.eatry biiis

mount therein mentioned, far the purpose of p-o.-nathg failures, by providing for the settle-sen! of a n infer of in ’ /-trials mamfalhirers at Prosperous in the urn'; of Kildare it was amongst other things cnatlnl, That from fuel' time ,>-the sum of ten thousand pounds fiineii! he paid into his JVb-jesty’s treasury, as therein directed, the said icioenizance for the sum of fifty thousand pounds, (LouM Hand and remain a security for payment of the further sum of six thousand pounds into his Majesty's treasury, at a day face puffed, with interest at the rate of four pounds per hundred pounds by the year, and should also Hand and remain a security for continuing two thousand perfor.s employed in the manufacture of cotton, at Prosperous aforesaid, until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand eight hundred, and that from and after the payment of the said sums as aforesaid, the said recognizances should not extend, or be ion-strued to affcdl, or be a lien on any of the estates, real or personal, of the said Robert Brook, save the said lands of Curry-hills, and the said town of Prosperous; and it was thereby further enacted, That if the said Robert Brook should by sufficient deed or deeds, with the consent and approbation -of two-thirds in value of his private creditors, tciiiftr.J by writing under their hands and seals, before the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and cightv-fix, vest all his estate, real, freehold, and personal, and all debts due to him in trustees, for the purpose of more speediiv railing thereout the said sums of ten thousand pounds, am! six thousand pounds, and interest for the said sum of six thousand pounds, as aforesaid, and for the purpose of ratifying the debts due to his private creditors, rateably ami proportionably, that from thenceforth the person and futuir estate of the said Robert Brook, should he freed and discharged from any action or execution on account of any of his debts, and should not be a Heeled by any ad of bankruptcy which should be, or had been committed by him, fmee the first day of March, in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, and that from such time as such deed or deeds should be executed, all his real and ptrr-fonal estates should be, and should be deemed to be absolutely vested in the trustees then in named; and it wi, VoL. XVI. 5 If by

>'-17

A.D.

: 7.13.

U

».*tt

o'.v-U

2*3<U *f c«*-t»*-f|17K.I,

vo t ills ritr.ftf

l. 1 t’UI' p* I sup

m. r olViIietf-i 1, *>.* I'lmiV i»v

! i-if

ic u-iijenin:

o>

<jo The thlrlj-fcccncl Year of Geuvge K!.

A.D.

by ihc said a<A provided, that r.olhir.s; therein contained

should be ronflritid to extend to ief:r:;iii hi-: MnTfiv, ids I . ,1; J

—heirs and ftirrcflo'p from reporting to the said recognizance u" for <] c sum of fifty thotifand pounds, and having the full i. n ,: i- bi r.ciit thereof, as if tile said act bad not passed, in case the

t<» I f« g-

viz.it laitl sum of ten llioufand pounds should not be paid-nt the i p'.!, i u- tin:c therein appointed and whereas the said Robert Brook i'lir'-1-"1 c'^’ 'n Pu,'i"luIKC of the said n£i, by deed executed, before

the twenty-fourth day of fune, one thotifand foven hundred

10.i*»c vr s J '

-.-miintuit"- and eight v-fix, with the eonlent and approbation of two-thirds in value of his private creditors, testified by writing under their hands and seals, vest al! his real and personal estate in John La Touche. Charles Henry Ceotc, John Binns, Edward Wheddan, and Wogan Browne, esquires," and did soon after depart from this realm, and hath not since re-nit.lf". l.-.tv turned; and it either the said Robert Brook, nor the said

I."! [i.bI L.lfl ’

io,rail, i.nr trustees, liavc paid the said sum of ten thousand pounds in-to his Majesty's treasury, pursuant to the said act, nor have "l i the said trustees carried the trulls of the said deed into ex-edition; and the real and personal estate of the said Robert i i..it Brook hath, h’ice the passing of tile said act, through vari-

ous eaufes, been greatly diminished in value, and it is expedient that the fame should be sold as soon as it conveniently m.-v be, for the satisfaction of his creditors; be it therefore i k..C"( d by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the nuthoiilv of the fame, That the estate real and personal, k m uk of which the said Robert Brook was fl-ized and possessed, at !' . , a '* the time of the execution of the said deed, shall be deemed 1 to be vested in the said John La Touche, Charles Henry

(Tote, John Binns, Edward Wheddan and Wognn Browne, !>-, i fqtiircs; and that it shall and may be lawful for his Ma-,i irfly’s attorney general, without the previous issuing any X'],.11,!' L commission for the purpose of ascertaining said debts, to file j1 1 an information in the nature of an English bill, in his Ma-

iefly’s court cf exchequer, against the said John La Touche, Charles Henry Coolc, John Binns, Edward Wheddan, and Wogan Brewne, for an account of the rents, ilfues and profits of the real estate of the said Robert Brook, and of his personal estate which came to their hands, and for a.sale of :di lVh lauds, tenements, or hereditaments, of which the said

57m thirty-] ecoml Year of George III.

399

said Robert Erook was at the time of the acknowledgment of A.D.

the payment of the said debts due to his Majesty, and of all application of

said lands, tenements, and hereditaments, according to their legal priority, and the residue thereof, together with his personal estate, towards the payment of all his other debts, due at the time of the execution of said deed, rateably and proportionably.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That public this act shall be deemed a public act, and be judicially taken notice of as such.

die money arising from such file, shall be applied towards Uuocov,;

such other debts due by the said Robert Brook, at the time of t’n^execution of the said deed, as aftedt or are liens on the

purcliafc-

money.

jfls

THE

THIRTY-THIRD YEAR

O F

GEORGE III.

CHAP. I.

An Act for efablifnng 'Regulations respectitig Aliens arriving'

in this Kingdom, or ref dent therein, in certain cases, and Subjects of this Kingdom, who have served or are serving in Foreign Armies.

WHEREAS under the present circumstances much dinger A. 1), may arise to the public tranquillity from the resort and 1793 residence of aliens, unless due provision be made in respect there-of; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, Preamble, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That during the continuance of this Maficrsof

aft, the mailer or commander of every Imp or vend which shall :krc, on nr-arrive in any port or place of this kingdom, shall, immediately on foreigners his arrival, declare in writing to the collector and comptroller, or other chief officer of the customs, at or near such port or place’, numbers, whether there are, to the bed of his knowledge, any foreigners on ">ln<'s‘,<c' board his vessel, and shall'in his said declaration specify the num-VOL. XVIr . 5 I . ‘ ' ber

Mailers tie* glefling, forfeit 10l. for each foreigner.;

i moiety to informer, the vessels may be detained until payment.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

ber of foreigners, if any, on board his said vefftl; and also specify their names and respective ranks, occupation, or description, as faras he shall be informed thereof.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the mailer or commander of 'every ship or -vessel 1 o arriving as aforesaid, who shall neglect or refuse'to make such declaration as aforesaid, shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds for every foreigner who shall have been on board at the time of the arrival of such ship or vessel as aforesaid, whom he shall have wilfully neglected or refused to declare as aforesaid; one moiety whereof shall be to the informer or informers, and the oticr io poor.; other moiety to the poor of the parish in which such offence shall have been committed, to be recovered before any one ormorejuf-:tice or justices of the peace acting in and for the county, city, or town in which such offence shall have been committed, by the con-session of the party, or on the oath of one -or more credible witness onwitnesses; and in case such mailer or commander as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse forthwith to pay such penalty as he shall be adjudged to pay in manner aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful for the collector, comptroller, or other chief officer of the cuiloms to detain such ship or vessel as aforesaid, until the same shall have been paid.

JfH. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That r every alien who shall arrive in any port or place of this kingdom, who'nu!l ar* on or after the thirtieth day of January, one thousand seven Jan hundred and ninety-three, shall, immediately after such arrival,

declare in declare, in writing to the collector, comptroller, or other chief officer

or heMiame, of the culloms, at or near such port or place, his or her name and tio"r&c'fCnP" ranh, occupation, or description; or if a domestic servant, then also the name, rank, occupation, or description of his or her mailer or mats such or miilrefs, or shall verbally make to such officer as aforesaid, such officeribyhim declaration to be by him reduced to writing, and shall also in like to be reduced manner declare the country or countries, place or places, where he andcoumry or the shall have principally resided for six calendar months next iheTeSdedS immediately preceding such arrival j and that every such alien who months be- shall neglect to make declaration of the aforesaid particulars, or who shall wilfully make any false declaration thereof, shall for ing"o"Cmak." every such offence, on conviction thereof, in his Majesty's court ing fairs of king’s-bench, or in any court of oyer and terminer or gaol depart within delivery, be adjudged to depart out of this realm, and all other bmun'4i k's Majesty's dominions, within a time to be limited in such judg-if fomd after, ment; and if he oc (he shall be found therein, after such time in fSrBfc1* judgment so limited, without lawful cause, he or Ae being

duly convicted thereof, shall be transported for life.

The thirty-third Year of George III. 403

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That A.D. every such alien so arriving as aforesaid, shall obtain from the 179J* collector, comptroller, or other chief officer of the customs (and such officers are hereby respectively required r-o deliver the fame) Officer w a certificate of his or her declaration made m writing, or ver- bally, containing all the particulars in such declaration contained.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing herein before contained, shall extend, !'ot 10 c';

1 ’ . b ’ tend to mart.

or be construed to extend to any mariner, whom the mailer or nets employ.

commander of any ship or veil'd arriving in any port or place

ia Ireland, shall certify to such collector, comptroller, or other J!0|> of such to 1 ' r given by

chief officer of the customs in writing, subscribed by such master Baiters.

or commander, to be actually engaged and employed in the navigation of such ship or vessel during the time that such mariner shall remain so actually engaged and employed, and which certificate in writing so subscribed as aforesaid, every such master or commander as aforesaid, is hereby required to give.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

r 1 r r AllMS n8t

That it shall not be lawful for any alien io arriving, to import w import or bring into this kingdom any weapons, arms, gunpowder or mTnidon!"^ ammunition whatever, other than as merchandize, subject to the f* fobjea to

1 , J laws in force 5

laws now in force respecting the importation of such arms or ammunition respectively, as merchandize; end that it shall be lawful for any of his Majesty's officers of the customs to take "akoarmTor into his or their custody any weapons, arms, gunpowder or ammumtio,1» ammunition, which shall be attempted to be imported or brought into this kingdom in any manner contrary to this act, taking anj,atear, an account thereof, which account shall specify the persons by as whom the fame were respectively brought, and that such weapons, arms, gunpowder, or ammunition, shall be, and shall remain at the dirpofai of disposal of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor of Ireland lo, J for the King’s service.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

when and so often as the lord lieutenant and privy council shall c|a^"fdU think it necessary for the safety or tranquillity -of this kingdom, by "*"8 { proclamation or order of council, to direct that aliens of any de- mnehaws, feription therein contained, not being -alien merchants, within the Sed°'m'r-true intent and meaning of this act, shall not be landed in this kingdom, or shall not be landed except at such places, and un- land but by der such regulations as shall be in such proclamation or order ex- fZ/d ije«" pressed; then, and in every such case, the master or commander of every ship, or vessel, or boat, having any such alien or aliens

j 1 2 on

penalty 5c! for each.

1 moiety to inf. rmcr,

1 to poor;

vessels and boats- used in landtag such may be fazed, Sic.

The thlrtj-.tHrd Year of George III.

on. hoard, shall not suffer any such alien or aliens to land within any part of this kingdom, contrary to such pro. lamation or order, unless by the express permission of the lord lieutenant, signified under the hand of his chief secretary; and every such mailer or commander, wilfully neglecting to conform to any of the directions or regulations contained in such proclamation or order, shall forfeit fifty pounds for every alien so landed; to he recovered before one or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace, one moiety thereof to be to the informer or infornuis. and the other moiety to the poor of the pariflt where such ofil-ice shall be committed; and such ship or vessel from on board of which any such alien or aliens shall so land, and every other vessel or boat used in landing' any' such alien or aliens, shall and

may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs or ex-

cife, and the same shall respectively be forfeited, together with all tackle, apparel, ammunition and furniture thereunto respectively belonging.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

No alien to That no alien so arriving, shall depart from the place in which

he or flic shall have so arrived, except for the purpose of making

such declaration as herein before required, to the collector, comptroller, or other chief officer of the customs as aforesaid, or for the purpose of obtaining such pass-port as is herein after mentioned, without prcvioully obtaining a pass-port fresh the mayor or other chief magistrare of such place, or from one justice of the peace for the county or place in which the fame may be fttuated, in which pass-port shall be expressed the name and rank, occupation, or description of such alien as. declared by him or her to such officer of the customs as aforesaid, anti, also the town or place to

' which such alien purposes to go; and such mayor, magistrate,

ihagiilraic to or justice, is hereby required to give such pass-port, on appli-cn prodwotion cation made to him for that purpose, on production of the certi-<a tirnf.cate; gcate Qf ],js or ]ler declaration as aforesaid, provided that such town l"ic"tru!i° or P'acc to which such alien purposes to go, shall not be a town

--rc' or place from which such alien is restrained from going, by any

\ fttch proclamation or order as is herein mentioned; and provided that such alien shall not haye landed in this kingdom, contrary to any such proclamation or order in council as is herein mentioned.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when and so often as any. alien, except the domestic fcryaiqs of any of Iris Majesty's natural , born subjects, or Alphas, shall have

i'~Q2. or shall had letters patent of denization^ pr. be.cn naturalized by act of

t parlia-

depart with' mu a passport from chief mngillrate or justice.

whi; jviflVm iii.illcuiu.iiii,

Allens (C.venu as here n) who

h:iv. inived

oaring ta;s

The thirty-third Year of George XII.

'parliament, being actually attendant on their' respective mailers, who shall have arrived in this kingdom since the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, or who shall arrive therein at any time during the continuance of this act, shall be desirous to change the place of his or her usual residence, or to quit the town Or "place at which such alien shall have arrived, by virtue of his or her first pass-port, such alien shall obtain from the mayor or chief magistrate, cr any justice of the peace -for the county, town, or district in which such alien (hall'be resident, a pass-port, in which shall be exprefTcci the name and description of such alien in the manner herein before provided, and also, unless such alien shall he an alien merchant, the name of the town er place to which such alien shall propose to remove; and such -mayor, chief magistrate, or justicev is hereby required to give such'pass-port,' on application made to him for that purpefe by such alien: provided always, that every such alien shall at 'the time of making such application, exhibit to such magistrate or justice the pass-port by virtue of which such alien arrived in such county, district, town, or place in which lie or (he shall be resident; or if such alien shall not have arrived therein by virtue of any pass-port, a ctfr-: tificate from the magistrate or justice, or other person to whom such alien shall have delivered an account of his or her name and description, in the manner herein after provided.

X. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if -it shall appear to the fktisfaction of such mayor, magistrate, or justice, upon due examination upon oath of such alien, and also, if necessary, of any other person or persons, that such alien is an alien merchant, within the true intent and meaning of this act, it Until not be necessary to express in such pass-port-the name of the town or place’to which such alien shall propose to remove, but the same shall describe'such alien to be an alien merchant, within the true intent and meaning of this atft, and give full liberty to fitch alien merchant to pass am! 'repass to and from all parts of this kingdom.

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and -for the mayor or chief magistrate,-or for any justice of peace of any county, city, town, or district within this kingdom, to require of any alien who shall have arrived in this kingdom after the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, or shall arrive, at any time during the continuance of this act, except such domestic Servants as aforesaid, and who shall be passing through, or be Vox. XVI. 5 K found

to quit p'sec o» shade. On?! O |"fl-

pm from mr.gitlritK',

n.vne, de* Jcription, vi hi paiipoi t;

also name Ot* pluce lotvhivh goinp, uuicl-. a merchant.

Alien toexlii-bit purport on application;

if no'paflpoi a certificate from'mugii-trate, &c.

Upon proof to a magistrate that 'alien ih a.

merchant, not necessary to express the name of the place.

Ma^iftraics may require aliens, except domeJlics, who have arrived since ill Jan. 1792, or shall arrive, to exhibit paffpom

4c6 Yhe thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

found in such county, city, town, or district, to exhibit to such 1793* mayor, magistrate, or justice, his or her pass-port,-which he or Caap. t. flje ja hereby required to exhibit accordingly, and in default lliCnoic^ thereof, or in case it shall appear thereby' that such alien, not liiiiitiiijfpoir- being therein described as an alien merchant in the manner in

port, or not 0 ..

proceeding to this act mentioned, is not in his or her'way to such town or prefib.r place as *s therein expressed, and such mayor, magistrate, or justice shall fee cause to suspect that such alien is not bona jidc proceeding to such town or.place as aforesaid; -or in case such S»c»uu mayor, magistrate, or justice shall fee . cause to suspect ' that such to suspecithi.t alien landed in this kingdom, contrary to any such -proclaim-

alien J.indrd . , , r

contrary to tion or order m council as is herein mentioned; such mayor,

may comm’ magistrate, or justice, may commit such alien to the common

fjch tngaoi, gaol, or other public prison, or detain such alien -in such cuf-

sent to chief tody as such mayor, magistrate, -or justice may think proper,

!ord&u;°&e. unt* notice thereof be sent by such mayor, magistrate, or justice, to the chief secretary of the lord lieutenant, or Other chief governor of this kingdom* which notice such mayor, magistrate, or justice, is hereby required forthwith to transmit, and until sufficient time shall have been allowed for the transmiffior. of the lord lieutenant’s commands thereupon-; anti unless the lord d’an-edtu- lieutenant shall thereupon within ten days signify his pleafuix enter of ion! that such alien shall be discharged, or shall direct in manner

10 d iv<. or herein after mentioned, that such alien shall depart the' realm,

ic" r; ihc° tt shall and may be lawful for such mayor, magistrate, or juf-rc.bn. coin- tice,-to cauie such alien to be committed to the common gaol,

nutted to gaol

u.-.-.ltd;lifer- wtthoutbail or mainprize, untu he or she shall be delivered by

odbi-Uw. (jue ccurfe of iaw.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every alien whom the lord lieutenant or other chief governor of vifted'of of-' Ireland, shall not so signify his pleasure to dischar-ge, who shall

fending, as )iave refused to exhibit his or her pass-port, or who shall have

herein, to be c r 7

impriiowd i been found not bona jidc proceeding to the town- or place therein d'-pa'rr’the'* expressed, or who shall have wilfully landed in this kingdom, rcaia1; contrary to any proclamation c.r order of council1 herein mentioned, and who shall be lawfully convicted' thereof in his Majesty's court of king?s bench, or any court of oyer and terminer-or gaol-delivery, shall be adjudged to suffer imprisonment- for any time not exceeding one month, and at the expiration of the said term, to depart out of the realm, within a time to be limited by if found afscr such judgment; and if such alien shall be found therein after such traiuponX’ time in such judgment so limited, without lawful cause, such alien Hull, being duly convicted, be transported for life.

A. 13.

1793-Cir.-.p. i.

IVrfoiii

forgii g or

utc i ii l* pet Von,

U"Ol\ COHviv.-

ikilijjtprittii* Cu jioc more than 6 months, then lo dt-p.ut cim kingdom; if found afee.’ limited tim-N tM-isported for life.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

XriL And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall -wilfully forge, counterfeit,'or alter, or calile to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, or shall utter, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited, Or altered, any'fitch pass-port or certificate as are by tins aft directed, or shall obtain such pass-port i°tcn!i|,' or certificate under any other name or description than that which "^"S lie or flie shall have declared to such custom-house officer, or to (caieiot; any such mayor, magistrate, or justice, as are herein mentioned, Sjcd,0* or (hall'falsely pretend to be the person named in such pass-port "j* or certificate, such person or persons shall for every such offence, «i:cl on conviction thereof, in his Majesty's court of king’s bench, ci.md io color any court of oyer and terminer or gaol delivery, be adjudged to be imprisoned, and shall be imprisoned in the common gaol for any time not exceeding six calendar months, and at the expiration of that time to depart out of the kingdom, within a time to be limited by such judgment; and if such person or persons be found therein after such time in such judgment fc limited, without lawful cause, he or (lie shall, being duly convicted, 'be transported for life.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

notices of the several regulations herein before contained, shall be printed in different languages, and shall be affixed in public rcgaUiium places in the different ports of this kingdom, and shall also be delivered by the custom-house officers to oil foreigners on their languages arrival in any port of this kingdom, in every case in which it can puWcpiVccs. conveniently be done; but that it shall not be necessiuy for the |jj’

conviction of any alien offending against this act, to prove such foreigners, perlbr.al delivery of such notices.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That wh-dord

when and so often as the lord lieutenant or other chief governor J'Mren*nr.iml

0 council circil

and privy council of this kingdom, shall by proclamation or order any alien w

in council, tlireft that any alien being, or who may hereafter aj|^Kjlthin arrive within this kingdom during the continuance of this act,

(hull depart this kingdom within a time limited in such proclamation found in this or orders respectively; and any alien who shall knowingly ne- facifmay be glcft or refuse to pay due obedience to such proclamation or orders, respectively, or shall be found in this kingdom contrary &c. umil de-to such proclamation or orders, as the case may be, it shall and by may be lawful for any justice of the peace, or for any mayor or chief magistrate as aforesaid, to cause every such alien so nc-glefting or refusing as aforesaid, to be arrested and to be committed to the common gaol of the county or place where he (fc ihe shall be so arrested, there to remain without bail or mainprize, until be or (lie shall be delivered by. due cowrie of law.

-Ka

468 . fthe thirty-third Year c/ George III.

A.D.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That 11793- ' every such alien so disobeying, or knowingly neglecting to pay due obedience to such proclamation or orders respectively, or being found ’Tiv'-ry ilica in this kingdom-contrary to such proclamation or orders respectively, upmerovi-’ wh° shall be lawfully convicted thereof, in his Majesty's court of "ifoaej i'"1" king’s bench, or any court of oyer.and terminer or gaol delivery, lnontn, then shall be adjudged to suffer imprisonment for any time not exceed-ttithioUme ingone month, and at the expiration of the said term to depart limited; 0U(; of (]ie kingdom within a time to be limited by such judgment;

if found after-and if such alien shall be found therein 'after' such time in such for Hfe.rtW* judgment so limited without - lawful cause, such alien shall, being duly convicted, be transported for life.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Lord lieu- That it shall and may be lawful for the lord lieutenant or his chiefVecre- chief' secretary, in cases where he shall apprehend that-immediate tarymay obedience will , not be paid to such proclamation-or orders recharge to a" spectively, as aforesaid, by warrant tinder his hand and seal, to ftnferor" S’ve such alien in charge to one of his Majesty’s.messengers, or to other to be such other person or persons to whom he shall think proper to

conduced out ,.

of the king- direct such warrant, in order to his or.her being conducted out dolBi of the'kingdom, in such manner as shall be suitable to his or

lord liente ker Tank and situation; and that in case any excuse shall be nant ami alledged by any such alien for not complying with such pro-aholhnd thf- clamation or orders respectively, it shall and may be lawful for auov. areuus;.^ ;jorij jieuteaant anj privy council to judge of the validity

alien in cur-tody until determination.

Lord lieutenant and council may order aliens, arrived fsnee id Jan.i;gz, Or shall arrive during this ail,

(except as herein,)

to refitle where lord lieutenant and council titink neces-

Ury,

of such excuse, and to allow or disallow . the fame; and such alien shall remain in the custody of such tneflenger, ;or such other person or persons as aforesaid, until the lord lieutenant and iprivy council shall have signified their determination thereupon.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the lord lieutenant and privy council, by proclamation or order in council, to order and direct any alien or aliens who shall have arrived within this kingdom, 'since the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, or who shall arrive therein during the continuance of this act, other than alien merchants and the domestic servants of any of his Majesty's natural-born subjects, or of such as shall have had letters patent of denization, or been naturalized by act of parliament, actually and bona fide, employed in the service-of their respective mailers, to dwell and re-fide respectively in such district or districts as the lord lieutenant and council shall think necessary for the public security; and if any such alien, except as herein before excepted, being so or-

The thirty-third Year of George III.

dcred and directed, shall dwell, or shall be found to be, or have been in any part of this kingdom, oth. r than such district or didrifts as aforesaid, in breach of such proclamation or ordeis respectively, it ihi! and may ba lawful for the chief secretary of the

409

A.D. 1793.

Chap. 1.

lord aiic-ns (exec-iic

lieutenant, or any justive of peace, or any such mayor or chief‘found to be

magistrate as afoufaia, to cause such alien to be arrested; and

if it shall appear to f'tch chief secretary, iuflice, mayor or chief pan. other - ' , than as order-

magmrate, that iuc. alien did knowingly and wilfully depart out cd, may be

of such district or dillricts, in breach of such proclamation or arrdleJ>

orders respectively. inch alien shall be committed to the common 'f yPP0111:,

1 - ‘__ that Inch did

gaol, there to be detained without hail or maiiiprize, until he or knowingly

file fiiaii be delivered by due course of lav; and if any such d!Kl,°com-

alien, except as herein before excepted, shall he duly convicted IT^oTunril d-"-

in his Majesty's court of king’s-bench, or any court of over and iiveredby

terminer or gaol delivery, of knowingly and wilfully dwelling or

redding, or being found to be, or of having been in any place in pi

this kingdom, in breach of such proclamation or orders respectively as aforesaid, he or she shall be adjudged to be imprisoned, and shall be imprisoned for any time not exceeding one month.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid -

J iliens in the

That every alien who shall he in this kingdom 011 the thirtieth kingdom mi

day of January, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, ^o'ar-

and who shall have arrived within this kinrdoin lince the Gift day rived Sure id

° ' Jan. 1792,

of January, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two; except

such doineftic servants as aforesaid, shall within ten days from and (amsf)' "

after the thirtieth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and that every alien arriving in tills kingdom 30 Jan. 1793,

after the thirtieth day of January, one thousand seven hundred living.itiorjo

and ninety-three, except such domestic servants as aforesaid, shall

within ten days after his or her arriving at the place which shall da>;s afte.-

lie expressed in his or her pass-port as aforesaid, as the place to yCr to chief

which he or file proposes to go, deliver to the chief magistrate of or the town or place in which lie or flic shall be, and if there lie no p"«, or

chief iragi (irate in such town or place, then in such case, to rized, a full-

forne one of the juliices of peace in and for the county or didrift

in which such alien shall he, or to such person or persons as herein;

shall be authorized to that effect by such chief magistrate or justice, as the case may he, by warrant under his hand and seal, a full and true account in writing of his or her name, and rank,

occupation or description; and also of his or her place of abode, »li»t the ac-

specifying the street and number, if any such there he, in and contain!'

at which he or she shall then be dwelling, and of the length of time during which lie or (lie shall have been resident within

Vol. XVI. 5 L this

410

A.D.

»7UJ-Chap. I.

may require itl r.’icns, (except as be-jure; such account a> be-lore;

magistrates nay give *cer.ilicr.ics w fuel; aliu.'.bj

aliens not <:o*

in" as ilirect-cd, maybe committed to gaol, until delivered by . law

upon conviction, for 1 ft ^offence inr.-prisontd i month;

for 2^, to depart this realm,

if found after limited time transported for life.

When magistrates have cause to fuf-pefl that aliens have neglected to deliver-accounts, they may futnmou them to be

and to er t-tnine others uyor. aiU>;

upon rcfcfal

tube iuc;Ut\

7‘he thirty-third Year of George III.

this kingdom, and the place or places of his or her principal relidenc.', during six months immediately preceding his or her delivering such account; and that it ill all also be lawful for any mayor or chief magi (Irate of any city, town, or place, or for any justice of the peace for any county or dillrid, to require of any such alien as aforesaid, except alien merchants, and except such domellic servants as aforesaid, who shall be within the limits of their respective jurisdictions, such an account as is before mentioned; and such mayor, magistrate, justice, or person authorized as aforesaid, is hereby required to give a.certificate to such alien on application for that purpose, wdiich certificate shall specify the particulars of the account so delivered by such alien.; 'and in cale any such alien shall neglect or refuse to deliver such account as aforesaid, in any of the cases herein before mentioned, that it Audi and may be lawful for any justice of the peace, to ctiufe every alien so neglecting or refilling, to be arrelled and committed to the common gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize, until he or she shall be delivered by due tcourse of law.; ami that every such alien, as aforesaid, who shall so neglect or refuse to deliver such account, or who shall wilfully deliver any fa.fi: account to such magistrate or justice respcding any of the particulars herein before mentioned, shall, on cottviction thereof, in his Majesty's court of king’s bench, or any court of oyer and terminer or gaol delivery, be adjudged for the llrfl 'offence to suffer imprisonment for any time not exceeding one month; and for the second offence shall be adjudged to depart out of this realm within a lime to be limited in such judgment; and if such alien shall be found therein after i’uch time so limited in such judgment, without lawful cause, he or she shall, being duly convicted, be transported for life.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That whenever any such chief magistrate, or such justice, shall have cause to suspect that any such alien who may arrive, or be within the limits of his or their respective jurisdiction, and who ought in pursuance of this act, to deliver any such account as is herein before mentioned, has neglected or refuted to deliver such account, it shall be lawful for such magistrate or justice to l'nm-nton before him the person so suspected, in order to be examined touching the premises; and also to examine upon oath. Inch other persons as may be competent to give evidence therettoon; and upon refusal or neglect to obey such fiunmons, to cause inch person to be ar.-efi.ed and brought before lsi'n for'rhe purpose above mentioned.

XXI. Ar.d

The thirty-third Year of George III.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any justice of the peace, mayor, or chief magistrate as aforesaid, by notice in writing, under their hands respectively, to be left at the dwelling house of juflfas, &c. any house keeper within the city, town, or place in and for hTulirng?1'* which i'uch justice, mayor, or chief magistrate as aforesaid, shall act, to require of such housekeeper an account in writing, with* an account of in a time to be limited in such notice, to be subscribed with the don in tunic, name of such housekeeper, of the names, rank, and occupation of all such aliens as may be resident in his or her dwelling house, as far as the same shall have come to his or her knowledge, together with an account of the length of time during which such aliens respectively shall have been so resident in his or her dwciiing-house; or if no such alien shall be resident therein, if n0 aiion i, then in the like manner he or she shall certify the fame; and if any such housekeeper shall neglect or refuse to return such account or certificate as is hereby required, or shall return a false refuting, or account or certificate, every such housekeeper being lawfully convicted thereof, say his or her confdlion, or on the oath or eou, for-Oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, shall forfeit and every aiion; pay the sum of fifty pounds for every alien who shall be proved to have been a lodger or inmate in such dwelling-house as aforesaid, either at the time when such notice as aforesaid was left at his or her dwelling-house, or at the time of returning such account or certificate, and whom he or (lie shall have wilfully neglected to return in such account; and in case there shall be ;y , ai;eo>

Or lnve been no alien in his or her dwelling-house at such , for(cl151-

° for not re-

time respectively, shall forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds, turning ac-

to be recovered in manner aforesaid; one moiety of such penalties respectively to be to the informer or informers, and the other moiety to the poor of the parish or place in which such dwelling-house shall be situate.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

every such custom-house officer, magistrate, or justice as afore- Every^cuf-

laid, shall with all convenient diligence, transmit to the chief fe- officer, ma-

cretary of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor, copies of

all such accounts in writing, as shall be delivered to such custom- copies of at.

_i covats to

house officer, magistrate, or justice, by virtue or tins act; and chief fare.

alfa, of all such pais-poits and certificate: as shall be issued by

such magistrate or justice, by virtue of this act; keeping such ac- certificates, r , }. ' J , keeping them

counts, pass-ports, and certificates as far as may be, from being stum bing

made public. m21'e pl!lMC'

5L2

Judges of

king's bench*

common ideas, o? ‘exchequer, inv.y admit aliens to bail.

’In’tlice may .'fedmit aliens to bail, by warrant of clii; f frcrc-tary, specifying Iccuriiy.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

XXI!. Provide;! always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in every case in which power is given by this act, to commit any alien to the common gaol without bail or mainprize, until delivered by due course of law, it shall and may be lawful for any of the justices of his Majesty's courts of king’s-bench, common-picas, or any of the barons of his Majesty's court of exchequer within this kingdom, if, upon application made, lie shall fee sufficient cause to presume that such person is not tvithia 'the description limited by this act! in the different cases herein mentioned, to admit such person to bail, lie or flic giving fufiici-Cllt security for his or her appearance, to answer the matters alledged again! him or her,

XXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it (ha! be lawful for any justice of the peace to admit any alien to hail who shall have been committed by virtue of this act!, such justice being authorized so to do by warrant of the chief feerctary of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor of this kingdom for that purpose, specifying the security to be taken by such justice.

Aliens who

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ftnll have nr- a|j a]jcns wj10 flmll have arrived in this kingdom iince the

rived since lit

Jan. 1792, first day of January, one thoilfand fever, hundred and ninety-two, !itjorc°iol4b. Ili.dl, on or before the tenth day of February, one tlioufaiid seven 1793- hundred and ninety-three; and every alien who shall arrive therein

ami tvho shall , c T.

arrive after alter the tmrrietn day of January, one thousand seven hundred wiihrai 1793’ an^ ninety-three, shall within ten days after his or their arrival,-days after, give to some neighbouring magistrate, a full and true account of count of all all weapons, arms, gunpowder, and ammunition, except such only ammunition, ^01 ,^le keeping of which they shall have obtained lieenfe, under oxcfpftuchas the hand and seal of the chief secretary of the lord lieutenant, 'during the rime such. lieenfe shall be in force; and that it shall not be lawful for any such alien subsequent to the delivery of such’ account to buy, or to have in Iris or her possession, or in the" pofftffion of others, for or at his or her use or disposal,- any weapons, arms, gunpowder, or ammunition, except as herein bc-r.eglcftingto forc excepted'; and that any such person wilfellv neglecting to-

give fiu-ii ac- 1 . 1 . ' 0

count, or'gii- give such account, or giving a false- account, or wilfully neglecting-’ m^nTgica;ng# to deliver up such weapons, arm?, "gunpowder, or ammunition, or-‘"is'Tc forging, counterfeiting,-or altering, orcaufing to he forged, coun-1-or io.j-ing. terse-ited, or altered, or uttering, knowing the fame' to be forged,- ing.'ric' such counterfeited, or altered, any such lieenfe, or buying, or knowingly" Jlrb-H— cr i’aviR» h’-s or l|cr possession, 6r in the possession of others,'

having in own for or at his or her n!e or c’ifpofiii, any other weapons, arms; gun-"-0. cih-.spal p0W^s;.j0r ammunition, contrary to this act, shall, on convici-.en

The thirty-third Year of George III.

in his Majesty's court of ki ig’s-bench, or any court of oyer ami terminer or gaol ’delivery, :i.- arlj udgeJ to depart out of his realm, within a time to be limitul in 1'uch jiulg went; and if he or (lie shall be found therein, after such time in the judgment so limited, without lawful cause, be it die shall, being duly convicted, be transported for life.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it (llall and may be lawful for any such mayor, magitln.te or justice as aforesaid, from time to time, to require any such, alien as aforesaid, who shall have arrived within this kingdom fmee the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, or who shall arrive therein dining ti;: continuance of this act, and who shall lu within the jurisdiction of such mayor, magistrate or justice, or who shall pais through the fame, to deliver up to such magistrate or justice nil weapons, arms, gunpowder or ammunition, which may be in his or her noflession, or in the possession of others, for or at his or her use or disposal (except by virtue of such license aforesaid) and in case of refusal, it shall he lawful for such mayor, magistrate, or justice, to take into his or their custody, any such weapons, arms, gunpowder, or ammunition, and the same shall be and remain at the disposal of the lord lieutenant for his Majesty's service; and that any such alien refusing to deliver up such weapons, arms, gunpowder or ammunition, or concealing the fame after such requifttion so made as aforesaid, shall, on conviction in his Majesty's court of king’s bench, or in any court of oyer and terminer or gaol delivery, be adjudged to depart out of this realm within a time to be limited in such judgment; and if he or she shall be found therein after such time in such judgment so limited, without lawful cause, he or (lie shall, being duly convicted, be transported for life.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the chief secretary of the lord lieutenant or other governor of this kingdom for the time being, or for any two justices of the peace, or any mayor or chief magistrate as aforesaid by warrant under their respective hands and seals, to cause any house rented or occupied by any aliens as aforesaid, except alien merchants, and except aliens who have been resident in this kingdom continually, for the space of two years previous to the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two; and also any house in which any such alien (except as herein excepted) shall be a lodger or inmate, such inmate not being a domestic servant of any of his Majesty's natural-born subjects, or persons who shall have had letters patent of

VOL. XVI. 5 M denization.

+ !3 A.D.

170.1. Clup. 1. O'V'VJ

i.’llijn, arm, &c. contrary hereunto, upon conviction to depart the realm; if found n-ter limited lime,

for hie.

Magistrate* may require any mien who flnl! have arrived fmee til. J w. 1702, to deliver up all arms, &c.

(except as aforesaid) cn refusal, magistrate may ukefuefi arms, &c. to remain at dif-poiid oi lord lieutenant; alien refuting, or concealing, &c. upon conviction, to depart this r.alni:

if found after limited time transported for life.

Chief secretary, or ttvo justices, or any chief magistrate may by warrant , cause houses occupied byaliens,

(except alien merchants or residents two years before ill Jan. *792')

and houses in which aliens

(except as herein,)

414 The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

793-Chap. I.

to he searched in the day; in presence of a peace officer, all arms, &c. found belonging to, or at disposal of aliens to be seized, (except such as licensed,) arms, Stc. so seized, at disposal of lord lieutenant.

Chief fc-cretary or magistrate may require by notice in writing, an account from housekeepers where aliens lodge, of all arms, &c. at disposal of such,

or a certifi-

demzation, or being naturalized by aof parliament, resident in such house, to be searched in the day time, and in the presence of a peace officer, in order to dlieover whether any weapons, arms, gunpowder, or ammunition be therein; and to cause to be seized all such weapons, arms, gunpowder, and ammunition, as shall therein be found belonging to such alien, or being for or at his use or disposal, except such weapons, arms, gunpowder, and ammunition, whereof he may be in possession by virtue of such license as is herein before mentioned, and such weapons, arms, gunpowder, and ammunition so seized, shall be at the disposal of the lord lieutenant, for his Majesty's service.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the chief secretary of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor of this kingdom for the time being, or such justice, mayor, or chief magistrate as aforesaid, to require any housekeeper, in whose dwelling-house any alien shall be a lodger or inmate, by notice in writing, under their hands and seals respectively, to be left at such dwelling-house, an account in writing, to be subscribed with the name of such housekeeper, of all weapons, arms, gunpowder, or ammunition, which shall be in such dwelling-house, for or at the use or disposal of such alien, within a time to be limited in such notice, or a certificate subscribed

cate that ;n like manner, that none of the articles aforesaid are therein to none; be found, as the case may be; and that every such housekeeper ne-housekeeper glefting or refusing to return such account as aforesaid, or who or returnuig a shall knowingly either return a false account of the particulars falle account aforesaid, or falsely certify that none of the particulars aforesaid

or certificate,* '

penalty tool, are therein, shall forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds; penalty on and if he orlhe shall neglect or refuse to make such certificate as certify'"ai-10 aforesa*<l, although none of the particulars aforesaid be therein, he though none or flie shall forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds; such penal-therein ji. ties to be respectively recovered before any one or more justice or fore onejuf' ju^‘ces of the peace, on the oath of one or more credible witness tice, upon or witnesses; one moiety whereof respectively shall be to the in-tvitness; former or informers, and the other moiety to the poor of the parish informer *° m which such dwelling-house shall be situate. t to poor.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

LorJ |ieil That it shall and may be lawful for the lord lieutenant or other

tenant may chief governor of Ireland, whenever he shall deem it necessary for fend anyalien 0 , r r a

out of this the public safety, to lend out of this realm any alien as aforesaid,

&ubc«f»m- wh° shall have been committed to any gaol, by warrant under the

mitred in hands and seals of any justice of the peace, mayor/, or chief ma-inannerhcrc- , r.

in, or tvho gi fixate relpecnvely, m manner herein mentioned; or who shall

has been ad*

muted to bail.

The thirty-

-taira

be imprisoned In execution of any fentctice passed upon such alien for any offence against this act, or who dial I have been admitted to bail.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any alien sent out of this realm, by command of the lord lieutenant or ether chief governor, shall return and be found at large within this realm, every such alien shall on conviction thereof, in his Majesty's court of king’s-bench, or in any court of oyer and terminer or gaol delivery, be adjudged to be transported for life.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases concerning the execution of this act, when any question shall arise, whether any person is or is not an alien born, not having obtained letters patent ot denization, nor having been naturalized by act of parliament, or whether such alien is or is not an alien merchant, or whether such alien did or did not arrive in this kingdom, on or before the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, or did or did not reftde therein for two years continually, previous to the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, or is or is not such a domestic servant as aforesaid, the proof of being a natural-born subject of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, or of being a denizen by letters patent, or of naturalization by act of parliament, or of being an alien merchant, or of having arrived within this kingdom, on or before the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, or of having continually been resident for two years, previous to the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, or of being such a domestic servant as aforesaid, shall lie upon the person touching whom such question shall so arise.

XXXII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person shall be deemed an alien merchant, within the true intent and meaning of this act, except such person as shall be bona fide engaged in carrying on trade or commerce, by exporting or importing merchandize, from or into this kingdom, seeking his or her living thereby, or such person as having been bona fide engaged in trade or commerce in foreign parts, and continuing engaged in such trade or commerce, or being employed as agent or factor by any such person in foreign parts, shall resort to this kingdom bona fide for the purpose of transacting the business of the said trade or commerce, in which such person in foreign parts shall have been and shall be so engaged as aforesaid.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall afieft any alien in respect of any act done, or omitted, who shall make it appear, that he or

j M 2 (lie

A.D.

'1793* Chap. I.

Aiit-nsfent out ni Oils realm by lord lieutenant, r.r.d afterwards

found In it, trans. otted for lile.

In in cases where any quediott Hull arile, whether any person is or is not an alien. See. the pi oof shall be upon the person touch* ing whom the question shall mile.

None but as herein described shall be deemed alien merchants.

Not to affe& aliens under the age of 14.

4*6 A.D. 179.1-

5% thirty third Year of George III.

eii, on proving as herein.

flic was not above the age of fourteen years at the time of such art done or omitted.

v^'iayi. i.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, No fee for That all certificates, pass-ports, notices, and licenses herein i-.dore '"iCpIiSirr, required to lie given by any collcdor, comptroller, or other chief noljte.or officer of the cuiloms, or by any justice or justices of the peace,

required* 0" other magistrates rcf'pcclively, shall be given without any fee

or reward whaifoc-vcr.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaitl, if psirpom That if any pass-port or certificate issued to any alien by virtue be soft ordf'5 t'1's act> shall be loft, mislaid, or destroyed, and such alien Itroyed.mhcis (]laH produce to one of his Majesty's justices of the peace, from the office of the chief iccretary of the lord lieutenant, a copy of the pass-port or certificate so loft, mislaid, or destroyed, and Ilia! make it appear to the satisfaction of such justice, that he or the is the person named in such pass-port or certificate,' and that the fame has been loft, mislaid, or destroyed, without his or her wilful neglect or default, it shall and may be lawful for such justice, and lie is hereby required to grant to such alien, a fresh pass-port or certificate, which shall be of the like force and efiert, as the pass-port or certificate so loft, mislaid, or destroyed.

XXXVI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Transport- in aft cases in which any person shall be adjudged to be transported, places, as ap- the transportation shall be adjudged to be, and shall be to such place CdHcurby or places as the lord lieutenant and privy council lhaildirertorap-

end council, point.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, found a: large. That in case any person ordered or adjudged to be transported, of "tran!'port* be found at large within this kingdom, after sentence of trans-

aiiou, shall portation pronounced, he shall be guilty of felony, and shall suffer suffer dwu. [|ca[[1 as a fe|otlj without benefit of clergy.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any justice or justices of ii^fwammu the peace, before whom any pecuniary penalties shall be reco-of d.iirefs for vere(j ;n pllrfuance of this act, in case the same shall not be forth-

pecuniary pc* r '

nidiii s. if not with paid, to award and issue warrants of distress respectively, for the levying of such pecuniary penalties upon the goods and chattles of any offender or offenders, and to cause sale to be made of such goods and chattles, if they shall not be redeemed within fourteen days, rendering to such offender or offenders the overplus, (if any there be) and for want of sufficient distress, to irnprison the party offending till satisfaction be made; and that if either think him or themselves aggrieved by any judgment or order to a be

forthwith paid;

fate in 14. days;

imprisonment if not fuffitf:-ent distress;

The thirty-third Year of George III.

be giverror made by any justice of the peace acting in pursuance of this act, touching any pecuniary penalty relating to the fame, it shall and raav hi lawful to and for such person or persons to appeal from the same, to the justices assembled at the next general or quarter sessions, to be hoiJen for the county or county of a city, or town where such judgment or order shall have been made, who shall finally determine the fame, and no writ of ca tioiari shall be allowed to remove the proceedings of the said justices, touching the pecuniary penalties aforesaid.

XXXIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the party or parties so appealing as aforesaid, shall give notice in writing, by the space of six days next before such session shall be holden, as aforesaid, unto the other party or parlies of his, her, or their intention to bring such appeal; and that it shall and may be lawful for such justices, so assembled, to award costs to either party, as they shall in their -discretion think fit, to be levied by warrant of the said justices, or any two or more of them, on the goods and chattles of the party or parties against whom the same shall be awarded; provided also, that in case there be not the space of six days between the first judgment or order of any justice or justices, and the quarter or general sessions then next following, that then such appeal may be made at the second general or quarter sessions after such judgment or-order made.

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall at any time be sued or prosecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of, or by colour of this act, or of any matter or thing therein contained, such action or prosecution shall be commenced within the space of three months next after the offence shall be committed; and such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence, for his or their defence .; and if upon trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or shall discontinue his or their suit or prosecution, or if judgment be given for the defendant or defendants upon demurrer or otherwise, such defendant or defendants shall have double costs to him or them awarded against the plaintiff or plaintiffs.

XLI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by’ the authority aforesaid, That the inhabitants of any parish or place shall be deemed and taken to be competent witnesses for the purpose of proving the commission of any offence against this act, within the limits of such parish or place, notwithstanding any part of the pe-

Vol. XVI. 5 N nalty

appeal to quarter ffiffi-ons, determination finals

Appellants to give 6 days no.ice, before sessions;

justices may award costs, & c.

if not 6 days between first judgment and quarter feUiens, then appeal to second quarter sessions.

Actions or profecuiiona for any thing under this act, to "be commenced within 3 months}

general issue j

if verdict for defendant, or plaintiff non* suited, &c. double costs for defendant.

Inhabitants of any parish, fire, competent witnesses.

In force cr.til lit Jan. i79^, and end of next session.

Natural-born subjects> who have served in foreign armies, and have not received his Majesty's pardon, and arrive after 30 Jan. 1793. subject to this act as aliens.

The thirty-third Tedr if George III. nalty incurred by such offence is given or applicable to the poor of such parish or place.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall have continuance until the lirtl day ot January, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and irom thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, and no longer.

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That natural-born subjects of Ireland, who have served, or are serving, or have borne a commisson in the armies of any foreign prince or (late, and have not received his Majesty's pardon for such offence, and shall come into this kingdom alter the thirtieth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, without license from his Majesty, signified by one of his principal secretaries of state, under his hand and seal, or from the clue! governor of Ireland, under his hand and leal, every such person shall be subject to all the clauses of this act, as if he were an alien born.

CHAP. II.

An Act to prevent the Importation of Arms, Gunpowder, and Ammunition into this Kingdom; and the removing and keeping of Gunpowder, Anns, and Ammunition without License.

[Preamble,

From 20 Feb. 1793. no person shall import any ordnance, at ms, gunpowder, a military ac-

coutrnnems,

fire. &c without a license,

WHEREAS tumultuous risings have of late happened in some parts of this kingdom, and the persons engaged therein have practised various secret contrivances for being supplied with and keeping arms and ammunition; now in order to prevent the clandestine importation and secret keeping of arms, ammunition, gunpowder, and military (lores, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the twentieth day of February, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, it shall not be lawful for any person whomsoever, to import into this kingdom, any cannon, mortars, or ordnance, guns, pistols, gun-locks, or parts of gun-locks, pistol-locks, gun-stocks, swords, sword-blades, bayonets, pikes, spears, spear-heads, weapons of war, cannon, musquet or pistol balls, gunpowder, or military accoutrements, without having first: ob-2 tained

The thirty-third Year of George III. 419

tained a license for importing the fame under the hand of the A.D. chief governor of this kingdom, or his chief secretary, or of the 1793* commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, or any two of them, or Chap. 2. the matter general, or lieutenant general, or board of his Mijcf-ty’s ordnance for the time being; which license shall lpceii'y the oliatilieli-number and particular kinds of arms, ordnance, guns, pistols, gun-locks, gun-flocks, ball and accoutrements, and the quantity of gunpowder thereby licensed to be imported.

II. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for any of his Ma- Su’jj,-asmay jesty’s subjects coming into this kingdom, to land Inch arms as

he shall have actually carried for the defence of his person, upon i>cifonal ile-registering the fame with the chief officer of the port where he rcpitlnh^" shall land, and obtaining from such officer a license for landing the fame, which license shall be granted without any fee or re- no fee

lo lie paid.

ward.

IL. And be it enacted, That if any person shall import can- perfmiim-non, arms, gun-locks, parts of gun-locks, gun-flocks, ball, accoutrements, gunpowder or ammunition, or any of the said articles, g«» l«»ck>, unless he shall be licensed as aforesaid, all such arms, cannon, gun- baH, accou-locks, parts of gun-locks, gun-flocks, ball, accoutrements, gun-powder and ammunition, and articles, shall be forfeited to his Majesty, and shall and may be seized by any officer of his Majesty's cc,’,r. a. Ml revenue, or by any justice of the peace or peace officer; and Hull al1 be by the person seizing the fame, deposited in his Majesty's stores, '>-Hitci ;s or such other place or places as shall be appointed for the pur- t|,cr place ap-pose, by the lord lieutenant or chief governor of this kingdom, p0"11"1' or the master general or chief officer, or board of his Majesty's ordnance; and the importer or importers thereof, whether he or importer to they shall be owner or owners thereof or not, shall for every such 500,‘ importation forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds; and the mailer of matter or person commanding the ship or other vessel in which such guns, cannon, gun-locks, parts of gun-locks, swords, bayonets, weapons of war, balls, gunpowder, or military accoutrements, or said other articles shall be imported, shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for Cmnnn, any person whomsoever, after the said twentieth day of February, i,ck,lal's, to remove from any part of this kingdom, to any other part of this kingdom, either by inland carriage or coastways, any can- lu:t *> Ik

07 1 u ' rst.jvctl from

non, arms, gun-locks, bail, or bullets, or gunpowder, without such one pan of license as aforesaid, or a license from the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, or any two of them; and that it shall and may ii-

be lawful for any officer of his Majesty's revenue, and for any rr ci.ee nf.

N* /1‘ »O.T- juf*

2 ULC.-Ofpice

4"2'0

A.D. 1793. Chap. 2.

any cannon, Stc. removed without license. and producing license. and stich. and all

The thirty-third Year of George III.

justice of the peace, or peace officer, upon information, to fearih for and seize all such cannon, arm', gun-locks, ball or bullets, and gunpowder, or other articles herein before mentioned, that shall be removing or removed after the said day, without inch license, and producing fitch license on demand, and the lame shall be forfeited to fits Majesty, together with the cart, car, or other vessele on which the same shall be put for conveyance, and horse or horses, mule or mules, or other beasts which may be employed f for drawing or carrying the fame, and the person or persons who &c.’forfeited, caused the same to 'be so removed, shall forfeit the sum of five not tope- hundred pounds; provided always, that nothing herein contained, vr»t any from /},a]i extend or be construed to extend, to prevent any person from arms so* dc- carrying arms for the defence of his person, or for sporting, as fence orfpott. |aw j,e anight, before the passing of this act.

V. And provided also, That it shall and may be lawful for the makers and dealers m arms in the city or liberties of Dublin, being licensed as herein after mentioned, to fend arms :to their customers in the said city in the day time, either uncovered or in packages, conspicuously marked with the word " Arms," without

uncovered, or obtaining a license for so removing the same.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no person shall keep in his

" Arms."

No person to keep mote

that) 4)b. of ’gunpowder) or any can* uon or other ordnance, without license, upon pajn of forfeiting fame) and jcol.

Idcenferl makers, and dealers In Dublin, may fend arms to their custo-mers, in said

or her custody, either for sale or otherwise, any greater quantity of gunpowder than four pounds weight, or any cannon, oi other ordnance, without license from the lord lieutenant or other chief governor of this kingdom, or his chief secretary, or she commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, or any two of them, upon pain of forfeiting the same to his Majesty, and also a sum of five hundred pounds; and it shall and may be lawful for any justice of the peace to seize, or by warrant to cause to be seized, any such mayfclz'criich cannon or gunpowder so kept, unless such license shall be produced rr;X on demand.

No person

VII. And be it further enacted, That no person shall from and after the said twentieth day of February, keep for, or expose to sale, any cannon or other ordnance, guns, musquets, gun-locks, or parts of gun-locks, pistol-locks, gun-stocks, bayonets, swords, sword-blades, pikes, spears, spear-heads, or other military weapons, or make or expose to sale any gunpowder, without a license from the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, or any two of them, or the collector of the district in which he shall reside, which license, persons applying for the same shall obtain, upon paying the sum of three shillings, for the use of his Majesty, upon pain of forfeiting the same to his Majesty, and of forfeiting a sum of five hundred pounds.

'/hall keep for, or expose to -sale^any cannon, &c. or any military weapons, without a license from commission* era* &c. for which 38. to be paid) or such forfeited, and 5 col

The thirty-third Year of George III. 421

VIII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and foranyjustice of the peace, to enter and search, or to grant a warrant to any person or persons to be by him named, to enter and search any house, place, ship, boat, or vessel, where, or in which he shall have reasonable ground to suspect such arms, ammunition, or gunpowder as aforesaid, to be deposited for sale without license as aforesaid.

IX. And be it enacted, That all gunpowder exceeding five pounds, that shall be removed from any part of this kingdom, to any other part of the fame, shall be made up in calks, with the word " Gunpowder," marked thereon, in large letters, upon pain of forfeiting the same to his Majesty, and that it shall be lawful for any person to seize and carry the same to his Majesty's (lores, and the person who shall have caused such gunpowder to be carried without such mark, shall forfeit the Aim of five hundred pounds.

X. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the lord lieutenant and privy council, at their discretion, to remit any penalty filed for under this act, as well the moiety belonging to the informer, as that belonging to his Majesty, and to restore any arms seized as aforesaid.

made up in calk*, marked wish the word " Gunpowder," or forfeited, and 500I,

Lord lieutenant and council may remit penalties, and re-flore arms.

XI. And be it enacted, That all pecuniary forfeitures inflicted malctyof by this act shall go and be paid, one moiety to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the person or persons (>« Majesty, who shall sue for the same, by any action of debt, suit, bill, plaint, pciron fuin5. or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record in Dublin, wherein no essoign, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

XII. And be it enacted, That in case any action or suit shall be Actions for commenced against any person or persons, for any matter or thing

by him or them done, or executed in pursuance of this act, such act, to com-action or suit shall be commenced within three months next after the alledged cause of action shall accrue; and the defendant or g(.,lcrJii(j-u<;. defendants in such action may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence on any trial to be had thereon; and that the fame was done under the authority of this act; and if a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the if wi la for plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become non-suited, or discontinue his or their action or prosecution, or judgment shall be given against him, &c-

<* r 1 r , doubtecofts

her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwise, such defendant or de- to defendant, fendants shall have double costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

XIII. Whereas by an act passed in this session of Parliament, Recital of entitled, An act for efaltishing regulations respecting aliens arriving

Vol. XVI. 5 O in f.*aiuE

atlK'Ull

422 A.D.

Chap. 2. '^VYJ

aliens arriving. after giving an account of all arms, &c. shall dcl'ver dii such ai ins, &c. to ma-giltraic, f.tvc such as licenced to kcej>.

’This'sft In

force until

l Jan. TO’

and mil of next C.lTion.

Makers 6f punpoivder M take out license as a-(oresaid; \vhat shall be

t'lC'C'll expressed i

licrnfed makers of gulf ponder may

lend any qtiuiuty to his office in I>uhlin, r King’s llorcs. between sun-rise and fun* let:

maker, or fupeiiiiteiid-iu.t to fend a n)r«iiiivJl with (very qiianii* (y of gun- . powder, as

herein

If >t Itapprns that-the person to whom gunpowder is sent shall not be ready lo receive it, maker may keep it at his office 48 hums, or ftIk! it1 back. frc.

Ifa greater <]inuti(y ilmu tcspikflid in

The thirty third Year of George III.

in this kingdom, or resident therein, in certain cases, and subjects of this kingdom, who have served or arc serving in foreign armies; it is enacted, That every alien who shall arrive therein after the thirtieth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, shall within ten days after his or their arrival, give to some magistrate a full -account of alt his or their weapons, arms, gunpowder, and ammunition; be it candled, That every such alien so arriving, shall immediately after giving :nsuch account, deliver to such magistrate, al! such arms, weapons, gunpowder, anti-ammunition, as he or any person for his life shall be possessed of, save only-such as he shall have a liccnic to keep, under the hand and seal of the chief secretary -of the lord lieutenant, or other chief-governor of this kingdom.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this act ffitall continue of force until the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and-ninety-four, and until the -end-of the then next session of parliament, and no longer.

XV. And be it enacted, That all makers of gunpowder,:baying an. office or place of delivery-in Dublin, shall take out such license as aforesaid for the fame; and shall therein express the place where his, her, or their mills and such officearefttuated.; and the name of the person who superintends the work at his mills, and of the person.in Dublin to whom the gunpowder shall be-consigned, for the purpose of delivering the fame at such office; and-that every such maker of gunpowder having obtained such license, may fend at any time between fun-rile and sun-set any quantity thereof to Dublin, to such his office, or to his Majesty's (lores, without obtaining a license for the carriage of the Tame as aforesaid.; provided that with every quantity of gunpowder so sent, the maker or his laid superintendant, shall fend a manifest, expressing the quantity lent, and whether in barrels, half-barrels, or quarter-barrels, the place from whence it is (cut, and to what :place, -which manifest shall lie dated and signed by the maker of such gunpowder, or his raid superimendanr.

XVI. And as it may happen that the person or persons who ordered the gunpowder, may not be ready at the very day to take the fame, be it enacted, That -it may be lawful for the maker of the fame, to keep it at his office in Dublin, for any time not exceeding forty-eight hours, or to fend the fame or any part thereof back to his mills, fending with the fame such manifest as aforesaid.

XVII. And be it enacted, That if a greater quantity than what is expressed in such manifests shall be so sent, or if the gunpowder

c therein

The thirty-third Year of George III.

therein mentioned, shall be lent to any other place than to Rich office, or to lits Majesty's (lores, the same shall be forfeited to his Majesty, and the person /ending the /attic, fr.all forfeit live hunched pounds.

+a3

A.D.

/natiifcrt, or if font to any oiIm-i plr.ee

CHAP. III.

An Act for indemnifying such Person: as have aided for the Service of the Public, in advlfng or carrying into- Execution Three several Proclamations of the Lord Lieutenant and Council of this Kingdom, bearing Date the Tuvnty-fxth Day of December, One thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and the Seventeenth, Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and ninety-three respectt'vely, and for esubsisting certain Bonds therein mentioned.

179z*

t mbsugo on Vessels iadui will* com attd oilier naval (lores,

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the lord lieutenant and council of this kingdom,

by a proclamation on the twenty-sixth day of December, in the year of our lord, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-hwo, -did'Order that an embargo should he forthwith laid on all Proclamation ships and vessels laden, or to be laden in the ports of Ireland with corn, '.flour, meal, malt, beef, pork,.tallow, er any other na-, val (lores from the date thereof, until further order to the contrary, but did at the fame' time signify their pleasure that the said embargo /hould not extend to any ship or veil'd laden, or to be laden as aforesaid, with oats or oatmeal, to any port in Great Britain, or to any ship or vtfie! laden, or to be laden with any of the before mentioned articles, to be carried coastways from any port in this kingdom, to any other port within the same: and anotherpro-whereas the said lord lieutenant and council, by another proclaim- 26ihDcc. tion on the said twenty-sixth day of December, did order that an on

embargo should be. laid on all ships or vessels laden, and to be wdcls laden ° 1_will' gun-

laden in the said ports of Ireland, with gunpowder, salt-petre, or pomtrr, &c. any sort of arms or ammunition, from the date thereof, until further order to tite contrary: and whereas the said lord lieutenant pr*.bmtfnn and council, by another proclamation on the seventeenth day of prov lions nc-January, one thousand seven hundred and ninctyrthree, did order '‘^'tvfnf"nrcc that all provisions laden, or to be laden on board any ship or vef-. of cum; fcl fitting out in any port in this kingdom, necessary for the maintenance of the crew of such ship or vessel, upon the voyage on which fuel) ship or vessel shall be bound; and also all corn, flqur, anj all corn, meal, most, beef, pork, tallow, or naval. (lores, laden or ro.be hXd%Sili c 0 a' laden |or. G"*1

r any of his Majesty's plantations, &c. &c. may be exported, upon conditions therein,

embargo on Teflcls laden with potatoes 4

all actions, lulls, &c. commenced 1 by reason of ai\y thing done in relation to the premises;

or of any contrail not performed by means of such proclamations, made void,.

persons concerned in if. ruing or aft-iiy» under said proclamations, indemnified.

defendant tnay plead the general issue;

tf plaintiff nonsuited. Sec double costs to defendant

The thirty-third Year of George III.

laden on board any ship or vessel, for any port in Great Britain; and also all ships and vessels laden, or to be laden with corn, flour, meal, malt, beef or pork, to any of his Majesty's plantations, colonies or settlements, forts or garrisons in America, the West Indies on the coast of Africa, the island of Saint Helena, or elsewhere out of Europe, or for the supply of the fishery at Newfoundland, may notwithstanding the said embargo, and until further order to the contrary, be exported from this kingdom upon certain conditions therein mentioned; and the said lord lieutenant and council did also order, that an embargo be forthwith laid upon all ships and vessels laden, or to be laden in the ports in this kingdom with potatoes, and that the said embargo do remain upon such ships and vessels, until further order, which proclamations though not justifiable by law, were so much for the service of the public, that they ought to be justified by act of parliament, and all persons advising and acting in obedience to the fame, indemnified; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all personal actions and suits, and all in-didtments, informations, and all profecurions, and proceedings whatsoever, which have been, or shall be prosecuted or commenced against any person or persons whomsoever, for or by reason of any act, matter or thing, advised, commanded, appointed or done, or to be commanded, appointed or done, in relation to the premises; or of any contract or agreement, not performed by means of, or in obedience to such proclamations, or any of them, be, are, and shall be discharged, and made void, by virtue of this act; and that all and every person and persons, in any wise concerned in issuing the said proclamations, or any of them as aforesaid, or in anywise acting therein, or in pursuance thereof, shall be, and every such person is hereby acquitted, discharged, and indemnified of, and from the same; and that if any action or suit shall be prosecuted or commenced against any person or persons for any such act, matter or thing, so advised, commanded, appointed or done, or to be commanded, appointed or done; or such contract or agreement not performed, he, she, or they may plead the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs in any action or suit prosecuted or commenced, or to be prosecuted or commenced, after the twenty-sixth day of December aforesaid, shall become non-suit, or forbear further prosecution, or suffer discontinuance, or if a verdict pass against such plaintiff or plaintiffs, tire defendant

or

The thirty-third Year of George III.

or defendants shall recover Ins, her, or their double costs, for which lie, file, or they shall have the fame remedy as in cases where costs hv law are given to defendants: raid whereas ftnee the iflu-ing o; the said first recited proclamation, laying an embargo on onlntliw corn, flour and provisions, several orders have been made by the pr,l,"at'«|inr-]ck! lieutenant and council, to permit the exportation of certain lil:u " "f a'r"

1 tain cirjjod'i

cargoes and parcels of corn and provisions, upon the exporters of corn ;uul

thux-of executing bonds to his Majesty, conditioned that fttch car- Jl'","1'",".1'

ries atitl parcels shall he landed at places mentioned in such orders i"tL’r®«-

° 1 dctintif;

respectively; and it may be necessary to make like orders, and to imnJj, as accept like bonds during the continuance of the said embargo, anti ’ doubts may arise touching the validity of such bonds, for removing such doubts; be it enacted by the authority aforesaiil, That ail bonds, heretofore executed in obedience of, or pursuant to such l,nv' or

I.RlI he i'K-

orders of the lord lieutenant and council, or winch shall be executed ecnteJ, dur-

during the continuance of the said embargo on corn and provisions, e"[inila-!’

pursuant to orders of the lord lieutenant and council, for the ex- 01 cma<

portation of corn, grain, flour, or other provisions prohibited by the said proclamation to be exported; and also all bonds hereto- ani! plIt(-uant

fore executed, or hereafter to be executed, in obedience of, or"Ml»-

cited piocla-

pursuant to the said lait recited proclamation, shall be, and are niaiinu, <lc« hereby declared to be good and valid in the law, to all intents clar"1 v:,‘d' and purposes whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Lori] ti-u-it shall and may be lawful to and for the said lord lieutenant and t«nnt d

4. t i r council may

council, to continue the said proclamations respectively in force, continue fnul so long as shall.to them appear necessary for the public service, and to make exceptions therefrom, of such articles thereby pro-

ii , 41 therefrom,

hibited to be exported, and to give permission for the exportation ami give per* of such articles, to such places, as may to them from time to time, appear necessary or expedient.

III. Provided always, That the said proclamations shall not con- n, Uo continue in force longer than until - the first day of the next session

first tUy of next session.

of parliament, to be holden in this kingdom.

I?

CHAT.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

CHAP. IV.

An Act for granting for one Year the federal Duties therein mentioned, in Lieu of all other Duties payable upon tks

Articles therein specified during the said Term, and for continuing the FJfc6l of the Treaty of Commerce and Navigation signed at Verfallies on the Twentyfixlh Day of September One thousand seven hundred and eighty fix, between His Majesty and the Mofi Christian King, and for regulating the Trade between this Kingdom and His Majesty s Colonies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

WE your Mr,jetty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the commons of Irt-hnJ in parliament assembled, having a just sense of your royal care of all your subjects, and well knowing that the security and prosperity of tins realm depend upon die support of your Majesty's government; ir.cft humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That three thousand two hundred and thirty-two men, commission and non-commission officers included, over and above twelve thousand cffeltive men, which arc necessary to be maintained within this kingdom for its defence, be maintained for one year from the first day of April, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, to the thirty-first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four inclusive.

II. And whereas it is necessary to carry into execution your Majesty's intentions and determined resolution, signified to us by his excellency lord viscount Townshend, late lord lieutenant of this kingdom, by your Majesty's command, to keep within this kingdom for die necessary defence of the fame, twelve thousand effective men, commission and non-commission officers included, at all times, unless in cases of invasion or rebellion in Great Britain: and whereas it may be expedient in the present fituntion of affiiirs, that a further number of men not exceeding five thousand men, commission and non-commission officers included, be maintained for die defence of this kingdom, from the thirty-first day of March, one dioufand seven hundred and ninety-three, to the first day of April, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four inclusive, so as that the forces on the establiflmient of this kingdom may amount to twenty thousand two hundred and thirty-two effective men, commission and non-commission officers included: in order to enable your Majesty to carry the said purposes into execution, and to defray the other necessary expences of your Majesty's government, it will be necessary to grant the several duties herein after mentioned, be it enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, until the twenty-fifth day of March, which shall be in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four inclusive, and no longer, there Shall be throughout your Majesty's kingdom of Ireland, granted, raised, collcAcd, levied, and paid to your Majesty, your heirs and succes* fors, upon the several goods, wares, and merchandizes mentioned and set forth in the several fehedulcs or tables marked A.B. C.D. hereunto annexed, which shall he imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, die several duties as the fame

The thirty-third Year of George III. 427

fame are respectively xlescribed and set forth in figures in the said schedules or tables J).

marked A.B. C.D. that there shall be also granted and paid to your Majesty, j rg }.

your heirs and successors, during the time aforesaid, upon the several goods, wares Chap. £. and merchandizes mentioned and set forth in the schedule marked E, hereunto alto -v*-*_»

annexed, not being comprized in the said schedules A.B. C, Y), and which shall ‘ be imported into this kingdom, during the time aforesaid, the federal duties, as the same are respc£HveIy described and set forth in the said schedule or table marked E; and that there shall be also granted to your Majesty, your heirs and fucccflbv.s, dui-illg the time aforesaid, upon all good*, wares, and merchandize, which shall he imported into this kingdom, during the time aforesaid, by any person being \ retailer or consumcr, in ready money, without any discount or allowance, an additional duty after the rate of flx pounds per centum, on the duties payable thereon rcipec*. tively, over and above the full amount of such duties, except sugars, and except (he several articles being of the growth, produce, or manutuclurc of Fram.'.-, or the French dominions in Europe, set forth In the said schtdule marked B, iiiirr.i’ted r; aforesaid, except wines.

III. And be it enacted, That every person felling any kind of goods, wares, or merchandizes, in any other package than that in which the fame were imported into this kingdom, shall be deemed and taken to he a retailer, except such persons as deal in, and fell wine in quantities not loss than one gallon, cr nutmegs, mace, cloves or cinnamon, drags, dying finds, and the material? of mar.uf.i£lure, and persons dealing in porter, who sell the same in corked bottles, not lets than four dozen of quart bottles at any one time, and porfons dealing in cyder who sell the same in corked bottles, not left than two dozen of quart bottles at one time.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the fold several duties mentioned in the said several schedules A.B. C.D. E, to be paid on the importation of the several goods, wares and merchandize, therein respectively mentioned, into this kingdom; and the several sums of moucy, and duties of inland excise in the schedule marked G, hereunto annexed, shall, from the twenty-fifth day of March, in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, until the twenty-fifth day of March, in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and no longer, be respectively paid in lieu, and full satisfaction of all customs, subsidies and duties whatever, payable by any person not being a retailer or consumcr, upon the importation of such goods, wares and merchandize into this kingdom, on which such duties upon importation are imposed; except the duties payable upon coals, by an act passed in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of your Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for continuing anti amending an at7 pajfetl in the twenty second year of hit prefint Majfjlfs reign, entitled, An aci for the improvement of the city of Dublin, by making wide and convenient passages through the fame, and for regulating the coal trade thereof, andfir.other purpfes { and except the duties payable upon timber of all kinds, planks or blocks of mahogany, and of all other kinds of wood, boards of all kinds. Haves, bricks, blocks of marble, and of all kinds of Hone, which shall arrive in any ship or vessel in the port or harbouT of Dublin, or in the harbour of Dunleary, by an act passed in the thirty-second year of your Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for repairing and preferring the walls of the river Anna Ltffey, in the city f Dublin, and fir amending an ah? passed in the twenty f.xih year of his MafiJIy’s reign, entitled, An act for promoting the trade of Dublin, by rendering its port and harbour more commodious, and of the said several duties of excise by virtue cf any law or laws heretofore made} and shall be severally paid down in ready money net, without any discount or allowance whatsoever, save that ready money shall not be paid upon goods, the duties upon which are or shall be directed to be bonded, by any act of this session of parliament.

5P2

V. Arc.

4-8

A.D.

17(1'?,-Chap. 4.

Tie thirty-third Ttar of George III.

V. And be it enacted, That in cases where the duties by this act imposed on tobacco imported into this kingdom frail be paid, the sum of two pence halfpenny for each pound weight thereof5 and so much of the produce of the duties arifiijr upon teas, as frail amount to the sum of seven thousand three hundred pound:, shall be placed to the account of your Majesty's hereditary revenue; and that tl c proper officers do keep a separate and dihinft account of all the goods, "tre; and merchandize, imported into, and exported from this kingdom; and of the literal sums cf money, and duties of inLiul excise by this act granted; and of the hereditary du'.ics which would have bcjn payable, if this act had rot been made, and tlirt such oilicers do regularly enter the amount of such hereditary duties; and that so much of monies arising fropi the duties imposed by this act, on such goods, ware* or merchandize, articles and things, as such hereditary duties vTuml hate xmcunH to, Hull be regularly and duly placed to the account of your Ajaji.fl)'* kuediiai^ revenue.

‘ VI,. And be it enacted, That for and upon every barrel of malt ground or un-grouml, nude of barley, or of any other coin or grain uhich shall be intoned into this kingdom, during the time aforesaid, there shall be paid to your Majesty, your heirs and iuecdfrrs, a duly of two shillings and fx pence, over and aloic ;dl duties now payable thereon, by virtue of an act passed in the twenty-third ami twenty-fourth years of your hlajdly’s reign, cniitled, //;/ act for regulating the com promoting agriculture, and providing a regular and filcady fipply f com in this kingdom, atld fir granting to his AS.fiJly, his heirs and fiucccfijors, the duties therein ratn-thnedt or by any act which shall be pa fled this session of parliament; and for and upon every entry inwards, which shall be made in the port of Dublin, during the time aforesaid, except poll entries, and entries of coals, a duty cf one fl.il-ling.

VII. And for the better afeertjuning of the price of teas, according to which the duties are imposed thereon, be it enacted, That the price of all teas imported, be Jnferted in the cockers; ami that such price be further afeerrained by a reference to the falc books of the East India company, copies whereof, or of such parr, thereof as shall relate to the teas so imported, attested by the principal accountant, or deputy-accountant for the time being, of the East India company, the commissioners of the revenue are required to procure from time to time, for the purpose aforesaid; and which copies being verified by affidavit, made before the lord mayor of London for the time being, and being nttefted by a r.ctay, public at the city, of London, shall without further proof either of the said affidavit, or of the said copies, be admitted as evidence in ell frits commenced or arising upon this act.

VIII. And be it enacted, That upon die exportation of the several goods, warts and merchandizes, mentioned in the schedules marked A, BK C.D. E, the several drawbacks of the said duties shall be paid and allowed, as the same are respectively inserted, described, and set forth in figures in the said schedules marked A.B. C.D. E, and that the whole of the said duties shall be drawn back on such of the said goods, warts and merchandizes, as are by the said schedules, or the titles of the said schedules expressed to be entitled to frch whole drawbacks; fare as to imported herrings, and unless otherwise directed by this act, or by any other act passed this session of parliament: provided that frch goods be exported within three years, from the importation thereof; and in cases of coaches and chariots, that the fame be exported within six months, from the importation thereof; and that due proof be made of the entry of such goods, and of the payment of the duties thereon, and that all other requisites have been performed which are by law required to be performed for obtaining drawbacks, and in such case frch drawback frail, v/ithout any fee or deduction, be paid by the several collectors at. the ports

6 cf

The thirty-second Year of George III. 4:0

of exportation, out of any money unappropriated arising t>ut of any aids or duties \jt

by them collected, within one month after demand. j

IX. And be it enacted, That upon all tobacco manufactured in this kingdom, Qmpt which shall be exported, there shall be allowed by way of drawback or compenfa-

tion for the duty paid on import of the leaf tobacco whereof it was manufactureed, and for the duty of excise thereon, the sum of five per.ee for every pound weight of such manufactured tobacco, upon proof being made that such manufactured tobacco paid such import and inland or excise duty payable thereon.

X. '-Provided always, and be it enacted, That no drawback of any duty on any goods, wares or merchandize, which shall be exposed from this kingdom shall he paid, unless the proofs necessary for obtaining such drawback he made, and the drawback claimed within two years from the time of the shipping of such goods for exportation.

XI. And be it enacted, That no duty shall be paid on the importation into this kingdom, of any of the articles specified in any of the said fclicdulcs to be duty free, nor upon any woods for dyers use, nor upon any raw and undressed seal Ikins taken by the crews of vessels belonging to, and fitted out from this kingdom, Great Britain, Jersey, Guernsey or Man, whereof the captain or matter, and three-fourtlis of the mariners at lead, shall be your Majesty's subjects, or by persons employed by the matters or owners of such vessels, nor upon any raw silk of the growth or culture of America.

XII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons to import, and bring into this kingdom, in ships or vessels navigated according to law, from any port or place whatsoever, any sort of cotton wool, without paying any duty whatsoever for the fame, any law, custom or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. Provided nevertheless, That a due entry of such cotton wool shall be made in the custonrhouse belonging to the port where the same shall be imported, in the same manner and form, and expressing the quantities thereof, as heretofore used and practised, anti such goods shall he landed in the presence of the proper officer appointed for that purpose, otherwise such goods shall be liable to the payment of the fame duties, as would have been due and payable for the fame, if this a€l had not been made.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the several and respective bounties and allowances mentioned and expressed in the schedule marked G, hereunto annexed, shall be paid upon die exportation of the several manufactures of this kingdom, fjiccified in the h/d schedule, as in the said schedule is mentioned, save as may be otherwise provided by any act passed, or to be passed this session of parliament.

XV. And be it enacted, That such bounties and allowances shall be paid out of my monies anting from any denes granted by parliament, and not appropriated to any particular purpose by the collector of the port where such goods shall be shipped for exportation.

XVI. And whereas by a treaty of navigation ant! commerce, signed at Versailles the twenty-sixth day of September, one tfcoufaiid fcvou hundred and eighty-six, between your Majesty and the most Christian King, wines, beer, cutlery, hard ware cabinet ware and turnery, all works of iron, steel, copper ami brals, and all forts of cottons manufactured in the French dominions in Europe; also woollens whether Jcnit-or wove, including hoficry, fadlery, gauzes; also millinary made of murtili, b\i n, cambrick or gauze, of the manufacture of France, or of the French dominions in Europe; also linens, cambricks, earthen ware, pottery, and porcelain, plate, glass, and glass ware, are to be imported into this kingdom, cm payment of certain duties as by the said treaty was particularly itipulated and agreed upon, in order therefore to continue the efleft of the said treaty; be it enacted, That from’and

Yoi. XVL 5 Q_ after

*53°

A.D.

79.3-Ch;ip. 4.

The thirty-third Year of Georgii III.

after the twenty-fifth Jay of March, one thcui'.r.d fever, hundred and ninety-ihrec. until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousaru seven hundred and nineiy-fr; i inclusive, all wines and linens being the produce or manufacture of France, ard all beer, cutlery, hard ware, cabinet ware and turnery, all works of iron and fled, copper and brafr, and all fort* of cottons manuf’chired in the French dominions in Europe, as meant and intended by the said treaty, also woollens whether knit cr wove, including hosiery, f.ulle.y, gauzes, also millinary made up of muslin, lawn, e.imbrick or gauze, of the manufacture of France, or of any place in the French dominions in Europe, as meant ami intended by the said treaty; also cuminiik-j earthen ware, pottery ami porcelain, plate, glak and glass ware, may be imported into this kingdom, hi any Hritifli cr Irish built l!.:p or vessel, owned, navigated, ;n:.l regiitcicd according to law, or in any French built ship or vessel, wholly owned and navigated by French subject;, in the manner ivt forth in, and by the f.dd !>u\i:’ before mentioned treaty, from my port or place whatever in France, or in the From h dominions in Europe, as meant and imcmled by the said treaty, upon due entry of such goods at the custoni lu-use, in the port or place in this kingdom into which the fame Hull be respectively brought or imported, and upon payment of the several and respective duties inserted, described, and let forth in the aforef.ud fehcdulc marked 13, previous to the unshipping or landing of fuc.h goods respectively*

XVII. Aval be it further enacted, That from atu! after the tv.cr.ty-EfJi day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, until the t..cnt)-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four inehifnc, any sort of French wine may be* imported into thU kingdom in quart bottles or jljiks, either for sale, or ciherwite, any law to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. Plodded always, That nothing in this act contained Ih.dl extend, or be conllrucd to extend to permit or allow the importation of any Frew h cumbricks or lawns, other wile than in Hups or vessels of the burthen of sixty tons, or upward', and in bales, cases, or boxes, covered with sackcloth or canvas, each of which bales, call:., or boxes, Audi contain one hundred whole pieces, cr two hundred cemi, or half pieces of such cambricks ci lawns, or the importation of any French wines in hollies or Hulks, other than 111 packages, each of whi' h shall contain at lead time dio'/en quart bottles or llalks; and in case any French can.Lricks or lawn;, or any French wines in bottles or fialks, shall be imported in any other form or manner or in any less quantity than as aforesaid, the same shall be, and are hereby declared to be ioifeited, and shall and may be seized by any ollicer or ol'icer.-, of the

XIX. And whereas it Is llipulated in the said treaty of navigation and commerce, that all articles of the growth, produce, or manufacture of the dominions of the said two sovereigns in Europe, not included in the sixth article of the said treaty, shall be mutually imported on navment of duties as low as are payable on the Importation of like articles from any other European nation: and whereas all such articles included in the said sixth article of the said treaty, so far as the fame relates to this kingdom, are contained in the fehcdulc. hereunto annexed, marked 13; be it enacted, That for and upon all articles the growth, produce, or manufacture of France, or of any place belonging to the dominions of France in Europe, as meant and intended by the said treaty not mentioned in the said fehcdulc, which shall be imported into this kingdom during the time aforesaid, directly from France, or from any place in the French dominions in Europe, as meant and intended by the said treaty, no higher duties shall be rnifed, levied, and paid unto your Majesty, your heirs and succeslora, than are payable on the importation of the like articles from any other foreign European nation, any law to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. And be it enacted, That for and upon the several goods, wares, and merchandize mentioned in the schedules or tables marked D. and F. hereunto annexed,

which

The thirty-third Year of GtOrgC III. 41,1

shall be exported from this kingdom dini’.;^ the tin.* urorelaid, there in.ill he f\t 1),

i.ilVi, collected, levied, foul paid unto veur M.tefly, y.'\,r liciis and successors, the j -g

:vviT.d duties and imjvltiion; mentioned in li^ujv.% the .'id schedules or tables, in Char- J. j‘.u ami full satisfaclioil of nil thbfldLS and ilnr.es p. table ri the o.p,-'.-.lien of inch w*v——-wires and merchandize from this kingdom during the time morefml, and no lon-c.r; and for and upon the foicign fpiiho in the fa;.! (ehedule hereunto ..miexed >:nl marked D. which shall during the time afovcf.TI he exported from this kingdom o any llritiih colony or plantation in America, or the V,' :it Indies, ov to any British sukment o:i the co.ifl of Africa, there shall be paid fur c\ery gallon thereof the tear:! duties in the said schedule respectively mentioned.

XaI. And be it enacted, That no iubiidv or durv whatsoever. shall be payable a your Majesty, your heirs and fucccfiuis, from the said twenty-fifth day of March, jue thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, to the twenty-fifth day of March*

'.a: tkoulaitd seven luilldred and ninctv-four, upon the exportation of any goods or merchandize the produce or manufsicU’re of this kingdom not mentioned in the said fjicdules marked D. and F. except the alnngc duties.

XXII. And be it enacted, That no custom, subsidy, or duty whatsoever, shall be payable on the export to any place whatsoever, of logwood of the growth or produce of the Britishi settlements in America, or the "West Indies 5 provided the fame be exported in British or Irish shipping, nor upon any Icad-orc exported to Great Britain.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That no duty shall be p.fnl unto your Majesty, your heirs and successors, upon the exportation of any flour, or upon -any rape seed oil made and manufactured in this kingdom, nor upon any lilb which shall be cured in this kingdom; and that no duty whatsoever shall be payable on the exportation of gold and fdver bullion, or foreign coin whatsoever, cut or uncut, to any place whatsoever, except to the British settlements on the coal! of Africa, or to the British plantations in America, or the West Indies; nor shall any entry whatsoever, on the exportation of such bullion or coin, except to the British settlements on the coast of Africa, or the British plantations in America or the West Indies, be required or demanded for the fame, by any officer of your Maiclly’o revenue, any law to the contrary notwithstanding; provided that all such goods and merchandize, the produce or manufacture of this kingdom, as may be exported without paying any duty touching which no spectaf provision is made by any law, may be exported, so that due entry of such goods and merchandize be iirft made at the custom house of the port where the same shall be exported, which entry shall express the quantity and quality of the respective goods so to be csported, and shall be made in all respcdU in the same manner as was used ami practised in vespect of any goods exported before the making of this act, and so as the fame be flapped by the proper officer for that purpefe, and so as the exporter do first make oath, or if a known quaker a solemn affirmation, before the eullomcr, comptroller, or other chief officer of such. port, which oath or affirmation such officer is hereby required and empowered to administer, that such goods are of Irish manufacture or produce, and in default of performing the said requires, or any of them, such goods and merchandize, the produce or manufacture of this kingdom, shall be liable to the payment of duties, as if this act had not been made, any law to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That the value of ail goods, wares and merchandizes, according to which the duties i:i the said schedule marked B, are afeeruined, are <0 be answered, levied, collected and paid, shall in ail cases be taken to be *0 much, as such imported goods, \v*.rcs or merchandizes respectively, are really worth, and that such value and price shall be nfeertiuned by the declaration of the 'importer or proprietor of such goods, or jus known agent or factor, in manner and form following;

5 o.*

5

I A.B.

4j 2 The th:rty-fecc/:d Year of George III.

A.D. 1793.

Chap. 4.

I A.B. do hereby declare) that the goods mentioned in this entry, and contained in tb pdehages (here Jpecijying the fevt'ral packages, and describing the several marls and numbers as the case may be j are of the growth, product, or mantfailure (as the case may beJ of and that 1 am the importer or proprietor thereof or that I am

duty authorized by C. Vi. the importer or proprietor thereof (as the case may be J and I do enter the fame at the value of Witness my hand tlis

day of A. II.

The above declaration signed the day of in the preface cf

Which declaration shall be written on the warrant of the entry of such goods, wares or merchandizes, and shall be subscribed with the name of the importer or proprietor thereof, or his known agent or factor, in the presence of one of the principal officer* of the revenue of the port of importation, authorized to take stich declaration, who shall certify the fame under his hand; and such declaration so made and figr.cd, fnnj] be to ail intents and purposes whztfccver of the fame force and ciFe£l, and die importer or proprietor of fut'h goods, wares, or merchandize, shall be in every respect bound by such declaration, as fully and cffc&ually as if the value of such goods, wares, or merchandise, had been as heretofore afeenained by the catli or affimu-tion of such importer or proprietor; ami if upon view and examination thereof, by the proper officers of the revenue, it shall appear to them that such goods, wares, or merchandize, or any of (hem, arc not valued according to the true price or value thereof, and according to the true intent and meaning of this net, that then and in such case it shall and may be lawful for the fr.ui officers of your Majesty's revenue, as soon as conveniently may be, and without '-"y :nnco.ffi,r'; to take and detain such goods, wares, and merchandizes, came tr.c >. m.:. sc be carried and

conveyed into your Majesty's warehouse, or o'heiwife preprri> < cur'd at the port of importation, for the use and benefit of your Majesty; and ti e CKit.miificners of the revenue, or any four of them, are hereby respectively empowered to diuO the coh> left or of the port in this kingdom, into which stich goods, warcr., or merchandize, may have been imported, to payout of any money in his hands, applicable* to the fame, to the importer or proprietor of such goods, wares, or merchandize, the value thereof, so ascertained as aforesaiil, together with an addition of ten pounds per centum thereon, and also the duties paid on the importation of such goods, but without my further allowance, either on account of freight, or any other charge or expcr.cc whatsoever; which payment the said commissioners of your Majesty's revenue are hereby directed to cause-to be made, within one month after the goods shall be so taken and detained.

XXV. And be it enacted, That such payment so made tb the importer or proprietor of such goods, wares, or merchandize respc£Hve!y, shall be deemed and taken to be, in full satisfaction for the same, to ail intents and purposes, as if such goods, wares, or merchandize respectively, had been regularly fold; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners, whether the value of the goods, wares, or merchandize so n-speelively ascertained, together with the addition of ten pounds per centum thereon, and also of the duties paid on the importation thereof, be demanded or not, to cause the said goons, wares, or merchandize respectively, to be fairly and publickly sold to the best advantage; and in case there shall be any overplus remaining from the produce of such falc after deducing the value so ascertained as aforesaid, together with the addition of ten pounds per centum thereon, ami also nf the duties pid on the importation thereof, and also the charges ai ifing from the warchouJing and falc of such goods; the said commissioners shall and may order one moiety of such overplus to be paid to the several and respective officers of the revenue concerned in the view and examination of such goods, wares, or merchandize, as an encouragement for the faithful discharge of their duty 5 and the other moictyof such

overplus.

The thirty-third Year of George III. 43

overplus, together with the amount of the value of the goods so ascertained is afore- /\# ])#

f.-i'.l, with the addition of ten poundsptr atJum, and Hfo of the duties paid cn the j

importation thereof, shall he paid into the hands of the colleger of the port, within C Jtap. 4, \v:;ch such goods shall have been fold for the ufeef y( ur Majesty; but in case the u-—J producc of such sale after deducing the charges aiding from the warchoufing, fe-caring, and sale of such goods, {hid! r.ot amount to so much as the value of such goods so ascertained as afi.Tcf.tid, with the addition of ten pounds fir centum thereon, and or the duties pml Oil the importation thereof, that then and in such case the whole produce of the sale of such goods, after deducing the charges anting from the warehousing, securing, and sale thereof, shall be paid to the cellefter of the pert within wl'.icii such goods Avail have been so fold for the use of yuiv Majesty.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That whatever money shall be paid into the hands of any such collector on account of the produce cf such sale, stir.ll be by him accounted foi in like manner as if such money had been received by him, fci or cn account of the duties hereby granted.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That there Audi be raised, collected, levied, and paid unto your Majesty, your heirs and successors, during the time aforesaid, and no longer, upon the several goods, wares, merchandizes, articles and things mentioned, set forth, and described in the schedule or table marked H, hereunto annexed, the" several sums of money and duties of inland excise, as they are respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the said schedule.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That the several Keenfes mentioned in the said schedule marked H, on which the respective duties mentioned therein, are to be paid,

0)311 continue in force until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and no longer.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That there shall be paid to every person exporting malt out of this kingdom, on which the duty payable thereon by this act shall have been paid, a drawback of two shillings and six pence for each barrel thereof, by the collector of the port from which such malt shall be exported, out of any money in his hands, arising from any unappropriated aids or duties granted to your Majesty; or if such malt shall be exported within the time allowed by law for the payment of the duties theroon, then the charge upon such malt shall be vacated, for so much as shall be exported, upon the person or persons exporting the fame, performing regularly the fame requisites, and complying with the fame regulations and restriction*, as are to be made and observed by persons exporting any article whereon any bounties or drawbacks are payable for obtaining the same.

XXX. And be it enacted, That all spirits distilled within this kingdom, which shall be shipped for exportation, and for which any allowance or drawback shall be claimed, shall be of a strength not less than a llrength equal to five degrees, or ten ptr centum under hydrometer proof $ and the person or persons who shall export the same to any place except Great Britain, or the iflnnds of Farro or Ferro, in the manner herein after directed, shall be entitled to, and shall receive one shilling and one penny halfpenny per gallon, for every gallon of such spirits, and of such degree of strength so to be exported as and for a drawback of the whole excise paid fur the fame, which shall be in lieu of all drawbacks or allowances heretofore given cn such export, any act or acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That if the spirits or brandies so to be exported, Until be of greater strength than of five degrees under hydrometer proof, there shall be paid a further drawback after the rate of or.c penny halfpenny per gallon, otcr and above the sum of one shilling and one penny halfpenny aforesaid for cv.ry f; ur dcgiees which the same shall exceed the strength above mentioned, and so in p;o-portion for any g»e«tev or less quantity.

Vol. XVI. 5 R

XXXII.

/ c4 The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D. 1793. Chap. 4.

XXXII. Provided always, That r.o drawback cn any, one gallon cf spirits oi brandies, shall exceed iu (he whole the fun* cf one shilling and (even per.cc.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That ever and above the said* dray back on all spirits distilled within this Kingdom, and which shall be shipped for operation, them shall be allowed and paid to the persons cr persons exporting spirits made and c-if-tilled from malt made of corn of the growth or product of thin kingdom, when the price of barley ascertained in the manner in the said act passed in the twenty-ihh-i and twenty-fourth years cf your Majesty's reign, shall not exceed thirteen shilling, and six pence the barrel, a bounty of four pence fer each griion of fir:*i spirits out of such monies as are liable to the payment of the bounties o:i con: exported, and by the same rules and regulations, and subject to the fame securhies, exceptions, rcflrillions, penalties, and fonViiurcj, as are enabled with icfpLlt to (Jie buu.*;ths on corn exported.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That nothing in tills act contained, shall cxtvnd io repeal or alter the duties upon beer, ale, and spirits, or (Irong waters, payable by-vutuc cf an act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of your Majesty’stcigr, entitled, An act for conwndng and amending three fevered rMs, cue faffed in the reign of his tale Mtjfoy t >nrge the frond, and the other two in his prefad Idrjtfrfs reignfor making the ri ver Lagan navigable, and opening a communication of water between Lough -neagh and ihe t<yton if Lelfojl, and for enabling the connrffioners thacin named io retie money by cjfgnment of said duties for the more expeditions and effectual carrying on fid work, nor to a (Fell any drawback of the said duties thereby allowed.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That eight pence per gallon of so much of the duty by this act imposed on all brandy, strong waters, and spirits perfcclly made, and spirits not above proof made and distilled of wine*, and a further sum of ten pence per gallon of so much of the duty imposed on all rum, or other spirits of the growth and produce of your Majesty's sugar colonics in America; and a further sum of one shilling and eight pence per gallon of so much of the duty imposed on all brandy, geneva, and all other spirits, except of the growth or produce of your Majesty's sugar colonies in America, and ten pence per gallon of the dudes on all aqua vita, spirits, and (Irong waters made and diddled in this kingdom *, and such further duties as shall be paid on all foreign spirits in proportion to the duties payable for single spirits of the fame denomination, according to the comparative degree of ft cnj.th which such spirits bear to single spirits of the fame denomination, and one moiety of the duty on all playing cards made, manufactured, cr vended in this kingdom, shall be applied towards the payment of the ftvcral principal sums due, or to be due on debentures and treasury bills Hived, or to be issued, and the imcrdl thereof, and of the life and other annuities as directed by any act or acts of parliament passed during this session.

XXXVI. And be it malted, That so much of the duties by this act imposed on rav.* and untanned hides, ami on linseed oil imported, as shall remain after deducting the hereditary duties thereon, shall be paid to the trustees for encouraging the hempen and flaxen manufactures of this kingdom, to be by them applied towards encouraging and railing flax-feed in tins kingdom; and that such part of six shillings per barrel, of the duty by this r.£t imposed upon all herrings, except Britishi herrings, as shall be appointed by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, fltnll be paid into the hands of the commissioners of your Majesty's reve-nuCj for die purpose of building and maintaining such light houses round the coasts of tills kingdom, and for such ether purposes, for the encouragement of the Athene of this kingdom, as shall be directed by parliament.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That all duties paid to, ard all sums granted to the trustees of the linen and hempen manufactures, shall be exempted from the payment of all fees.

XXXVIII.

The thirty-!bird Year of George III. 4.?5

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, Thai the several sums granted by this act, or any A.D. other act of parliament now of force in this kingdom, and appropriated to encourage \ the r.iiiing iiiHiciciit quantities of flax-feed and hemp, ami for the encouragement of Cl)^\ 4* the hempen manufactures in tire provinces of Leinster, Murfler, and Connaught,

shall he applied to such purposes only, and no other \ and that a separnte and dif-ilnft account shall be kept by die proper officer, of the application thereof, and he hid before parliament.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That all n.wnies to arise from f.iid duty of one fl«l-1m<« upon every entry inwards in the port cf Dublin, except as aforesaid, fh;:!l be i aid by the collector of the f:ud port, who is hereby authorized to demand and receive the same, to die trustccs of the Royal Exchange in the city cf Dublin, to l»c by thorn applied towards discharging the debts by them contr.ifted, for budding, f,nithing> and rtpairing the fame, and for the future repairs thereof, to be accounted for before the commissioner> cf iroprcil accounts.

XL. And be it enacted, That no cambticks or lawns uhatsoever, except c-f the mnufacture of Great Britain, or the European dominions cf Trance*, as menu!, ard ntcuted by the said -treaty, nor any gold or /liver lace, except of the manufacture of Grc.it Britain, shall be imported into this kingdom, in any flap or vessel whatsoever, under the penalty of the forfeiture of all such lace, cambrijcs and lawns, and treble the value thereof, and of the forfeiture of the flop or vessel in which the flync shall be imported, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition, and apparel.

XLI. And be it enacted, That neither the six pence fir pound, nor any ether jVe shall be payable to, or be deducted or received by the vice-tvcnfurer or vice-treasurcis, receiver, or paymaltev-general, clerk of the pells, cr any officer or officers of this kingdom, for, or on account of the ifilling cr payment of any sum or sums of money arising by, or which shall he received for, or on account of the aids hereby granted unto your Majesty, and appropriated to the payment of the said lateral and annuities j and that the said six pence per pound, and all other fees which shall or may he payable to the said vice tveafurci, or vice treasurers, receiver, or paymaster-gc-xcrr.l, clerk of the pells, or any other officer or officers of this kingdom, upon ifining; or payment of any sum or sums of money which shall cr may arise cut of, cr shall or may be received for, or on account of the several other duties and aids hereby granted to your Majesty, shall be applied by the said vice treafuvev or vice treasurers, receiver, or payniaftar general, for the use of your Majesty, your heirs and successors, in aid and addition to die duties hereby granted, and shall be duly accounted for by him or them.

XLII. And be it enacted, That all and every the several and respective duties, rates, and impositions hereby granted, and all penalties and forfeitures hereby imposed, and r.ot oihcrwifo hereby specially provided for, shall be raised, answered, levied, collected, and paid unto your Majesty, your heirs and successors, during the time aforesaid, in like manner, except as to bonding the said duties, or any discount fer prompt payment by such ways, means and methods, and by such rules -mi diteftions, and under such penalties and forfeitures, and with such power?, as aie appointed, directed, and expressed fer the raffing, r.nfwcring, coilciting and paying of duties, and suing for, and recovering forfeitures, in and by an act matte ir. this kingdom, in the fourteenth md fifteenth years of the reign of his Jrtc Majesty Charles the second, entitled, Sh: aftfer thefitting of the excise cr new imffl ttf'.n hh Mcjtfyi his heirs end successvs^ according to the l:zk cf rates therein uferled, or by any other law of force relating to the revenue of excite in this kingdom, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned, cx-pressed and enacted by tub aft, with the like remedy of appeal to and for the paity aggrieved, as in and by the said act of excise, cr any ether law or laws now in being, relating to the duties of excise is provided.

5 U 2

XLIII,

The thirty-third Year of George III.

A D.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That a separate and duTmCt account flail l e kept I,j-

*!w» r.mni'r nllirpr nr nf fh#» f»n*rr!*l liimc '.riflin'- frrri ffi:» nfov r*i;I fvt-rii

countant general} and that the accountant general fl:all return a separate accci*:; oi the aforesaid fuir.s arising from the same aids, dudes and taxes, hereby granted tithe vice treasurer or vice treasurers, his or their deputy or deputies; and that evuy colleger or receiver do take a separate receipt for the fame w hen paid into your Majesty's treasury, which receipt the said vice treasurer, or vice treasureis, l:is or tlnir deputy or deputies, is and are hereby required to give accordingly.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That the several turns herein after mentioned, be pa»<* out of the several duties and aids granted to your Majesty by this act, to the persons, and for the purposes herein after mentioned, that is to say, the Ann of four thousand pounds to the right honourable the speaker of the heuse of commons, to enable him to maintain the Hate and dignity of his cflice 5 the sum of ten thousatul three hundred and fifty pounds for one year, ending the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred ami ninety-four, to the trufires for encouraging the lb nen and hempen manufactures in tins kingdom, to he by them applied in furh manner as shall appear to them to he most conducive to promote (he said mauufac-tures, the said sum of ten thousand three hundred and fifty pounds being given to them in the place ami Head of a like sum heretofore appropriated, to he paid to them out of the first produce of the duties on teas, and out of the duties on chocolate and cocoa nuts, and on coffee; the sum of five thousand pounds for one year, ending die twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, to the corporation for paving, chanting, and lighting the streets of Dublin, to he by them expended in paving, cleansing, and lighting the said streets, being in the place and ft cad of a like sum heretofore appropriated to be paid to them out of the produce of the duties on coaches, chariots, bcrlins, calafiics, and chaifcs; the sum of five hundred pounds to the right honourable John Monck Mason, chairman of the committees of supply, and ways ami means for his services during this session of parliament} the sum of five hundred and forty pounds to Robert Thoroton, esquire, clerk of this house, as a reward for his attendance and service this session of parliament} the sum of three hundred and fifty pounds to Edward Trefliam, clerk-afliftanr, as a reward for his attendance and service this session of parliament, the sum of three hundred and twenty pounds to James Corry, clerk of the journals and records, as a reward for his attendance and service this session of parliament; the sum of one hundred and forty pounds to Dawson Ellis, clerk of the engroflments, as a reward for his attendance and service this session of parliament j the sum of five hundred pounds to George Frederick Winstanley and Jonathan Rogers, committee clerks, as a reward for their attendance and service this session of parliament, to be equally, divided between them; the sum of six hundred and seventy pounds to John M'ClintocIc, esquire, serjeant at arms, as a reward for his attendance and service this session of parliament} die sum of seventy pounds to die speaker, to be by him paid over to the persons employed in delivering die votes to* the members this session of parliament; die sum of two hundred pounds to John Kenedy and James M'Cowen*. door-keepers to this house, as a reward for their attendance and service this session of parliament, to be equally divided between them; the sum of seven hundred pounds to be given to the speaker, to be by him divided among the backdoor keepers and messengers attending this house, being twenty in number, and the other attendants, in such manner as he shall diredk 5 the sum of two hundred and fifty pounds to Thomas L'Estrange for his extraordinary care and trouble in attending this house, as deputy serjeant at arms} the sum of two hundred pounds to Robert Thoroton, esquire, for his trouble and expence in preparing copies, superintending the printing, and making an index to the twenty-ninth volume of the journals of (Jus Jioufe s tfcc sum of seven hundred pounds to the speaker of this house, to

6

be

The thirty-third Year of George III. 437

be applied by him for the better arrangement of the business in the clerics offices ? the sum of two hundred pounds to James Corry, for his extraordinary trouble in fu - j t nerintending the priming of the schedules nf dufies, and other papers, for the com- Qj^p, rmttec of ways anti means in the nrefent feiliorf of parliament; the sum of three hundred and forty pounds to Stephen Mcore, esquin*, accountant-general) as a K\\ ard for his expence and trouble in preparing and Ihting the public accounts of the nation, hid before this house this session of parliament j the sum of eight hundred pounds to John Tydd, efeuire, in confukration of his extraordinary attendance, care, and expence in the office of paymnfter of com premiums; the sum of two hundred pounds to John Claudius Beresford, esquire, inipc«5lor-genenil of imports aml exports, as a reward for his expence and trouble in preparing and making out the account of the imports and exports for one year, ending the twenty-fifth diy of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, pursuant to the order of thk house; the sum of seventy pounds to Henry Smith, deputy paymaster of com pic-miums, for his extraordinary trouble and expence in preparing accounts by him laid before this house for one year ending at midsummer, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, the sum of two hundred pounds to Paul Lc 13ns, examinator of com premiums, on account of the great increase of his trouble, ill examining and keeping accounts of said premiums, and for Ids expellees in payment of clerks i.i the year ending at Lady-day, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two; die sum of one hundred and fortypounds to John Smart, deputy-accountant-general, fer ids extraordinary trouble this session of parliament, and superintendtag the printing of the public accounts; the sum of one hundred and forty pounds to John Wcthcrall, firfb clerk in the office of the inspector general of imports and expects, for Ids extraordinary trouble in making up the several accounts by him laid before this house. and attending the house this session of parliament; the sum of one hundred and forty pounds to John Swan, examinator of excise, for hi j extraordinary trouble and expence, in preparing accounts for this house; the sum of eighty pounds to Elizabeth Mollov, for the additional expenecs incurred by her, in the articles of cod and candles, which file is obliged to furnish in the new buildings, in the interval between this and the next session of parliament; the sum of one hundred ami twelve pound-; to James King, and Abraham Bradley King, for printing the public accounts, laid before the house this session of parliament; the sum of seven hundred and one pounds thirteen shillings and four pence, to Janies King, and Abraham Bradley King, printers to tills house, for printing and binding five hundred copies of the twenty-aiintll volume of the journals, for the use of the members of this house; and the sum of forty-one thousand pounds, to be applied in such manner, as parliament shall dire#, for the advancement of trade and manufactures, and the maintenance of hof-pitals, charities, public institutions, and the further improvement of this kingdom, by building churches, and other public works.

XLV. And be it enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March,

~one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four inclusive, there shall be answered and paid to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, by all persons hawking about trees, fiirubs, and plants for sale within the city of Dublin, or five miles thereof; and by all persons felling or exposing to sale within the said city, or five miles thereof, in any Hand, flail, shed, booth, or other place not being part of, or in his or her dwcl-*g> any new cr old books, maps, prints, pamphlets, charts, or drawings; and also by all persons who shall sell or expose to sale -within the said city, or five miles thereof, any glass bottles, not being respectively the makers or importers thereof, and not felling wine, spirits, beer or ale; and also by all persons who shall sell or expose to sale within the said city, or five miles thereof, old clothes, in any flail, ffied, booth, shop, or other place, a duty of forty shillings; and also by every per- Vox,. XVI. 5S / son

The thirty-third Year of George III.

TQ . foncarrying onlhc business of a pawnbroker within the fat'd city, or five miles f!<orpnf. a Hut-v of ton nnun«U: and also by evcrv ncrfon feliintr foirits by retail

mentioned duties shall be levied by such persons, by such ways and means, and under such rules and directions, powers and authorities, as are enacted by an act passed in the twenty-eighth year of your Majesty's reign, entitled, An aBfir rendering more effectual an act passed in the twentyfx/h year of the reign of his present Majesty King (Jeorge the third, entitled, An act for the better execution of the lavs within the city of Dublin, and certain parts adjacent thereto, and quieting ondproteBing pffejfms within this kingdom, for the more, expeditious transportation of felons, for reviving, continuing, and amending certain statutes therein mentioned, and fir repealing 'an aB passed in the seventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An act for improving the police of the city of Dublin, and fir other purposes, as fully to all intents and purposes, as if the several provisions therein contained were rc-enacted in this act, unless the same shall be otherwise provided for by parliament.

t

Schedule

The thirty-third Year of George III.

Schedule A.

A Schedule of the Net Duties payable on the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated, whether imported directly from Great Britain, or from other Countries; which Duties, so paid are upon due Exportation thereof within Three Years after Import wholly drawn back, except those paid on Foreign Goods imported from any other Country than Great Britain, and afterwards exported to any of the British Plantations in America or the Well;‘Indies, or the British Settlements on the Coast of Africa.

439

A.

4-

From G real Britain. British. [ Foreign. From other Countries.

INWARDS. £ *. J. r. s. d. C- ' rf.

Adzes for coopers, the dozen, - ‘ 31 — 27 — 29

Aggets, small as a bean, the hundred dozen. - 1 5 — 2 10 - 3

- , large, the piece, 1 I- IS

The hundred weight, containing i nibs. — I 4 -

s J if for dyers use, free.

(jVide allum in drugs, (roach or romish).

Alphabets,- the set, containing twenty-four 6[ — I I - r 2

Amber, the pound - 5. "I

- Beads, the pound — 2 !.; — 43 — 4 7

Anchovies, the little banel, containing sixteen

pounds of fish - 1 7 — I c

Annolto, the pound - — 2

if for dyers use free.

Anvils, the hundred weight, containing ii2lbs. U

Apples, ihe bushel - i 3 3

dried, or pears the barrel — I I — 22 — 4

Argal,-white or red, or powder, the-nalbs. - 2 s — 2 tO

-if for dyers use, free.

Aihesj -vocat. pot afltes, wood or soap allies, free. 1

Vot* XVI. 5 S .: Awl

The thirty-third Year of George III.

Schedule A.

From Great Britain.

I 'N W ARDS.

Awl blades, the thousand

- Hafts, the groce

Aulgurs, for carpenters, the groce Axes, or hatchets, the dozen

Babies, or puppets, for children, the groce, containing twelve dozen

Backs for chimnies, vide iron.

Bacon, of England or Wales, the flitch

- all foreign bacon and hams, the hundred, containing tt2lbs.

r Tennis balls, the thousand

i Wafti-balls, the groce, containing twelve w ( dozen

Bands of iron for kettles, the hundred weight, containing it2lbs.

Bandftrings, the dozen knots -

Barilla, free as allies.

Bark, per barrel

Bafketrods>threefeetabout attheband,thebundle

Baskets,vocat.hand-baflcets or sports, the dozen

Bast ropes,- the hundred wt. containing mlbs.----- u

( knotted, the dozen -__________

Cafe, orftrawha«,|p|ain) the dozen>

Battery, bafuroncs, or kettles, the II2lbs. ' f Amber, vide amber.

j Hone, the great groce, containing twelve I fniall groce -

| Box, the great groce

i Chrystal, the thousand

Coral, the pound

Glals and wood of all forts, the great groce

Glass, the small groce, containing twelve dickers

(Jasper, square, the hundred Bones -

Beer, ale, and porter, except of the produce or manufacture of France, or the French dominions in Europe, for every 3 2 gallons

Beer, vocat. spruce beer, the gallon

Bell metal, the hundred wt. containing II 2lbs.

Bellows, the pair

- Pipes, the groce

From other

British. Foreign. Countries.

£- '*; loj c- 'J- k- ' 1

__ 8 - ' 4 - 1 j

1 ~ 1 1|-43 - 4 /

- .9 - 5 - 1 7

- 1 S — .2 ro - 3 i

- S 4 — 7

- 39— 7 11 - 8

- 2 8 — 6 10 - 7 7

- 7 S -11 7 - 12 3

- 39-49 — 4 M

9

- 2

'59

b

I

9i

9

- ii

5

'4

8

- 4

- 4

6 4 6 4 h- 12' 8

492 2

- 10

8 S

- 4 Zi

- io| — to

7

17 10

- 6 10 6 10 >3 8 1— ? 1

5

- 2-4

- 11

92

- 3

- 4

- 4

6^-4

5

3 1— 4

Si

6

1

6

7

Bells

iy-third Year of George III.

A. From Great Britain. From other Britnh. , Foreign, j Countries.

1 N 'V -i iv i) H. s- d, f, s. d.

Clapper bcHs, the pound - . I4 '_ — 2-:

I Dogs bdii, the great groce, containing 1j } dozen -

I Horse hells, the (mail groce, containing 12 I dozen -

Eiihooks, the dozen -

Bits for bridles, the dozen

Biackingj or lamp-black, the ii2lbs.

r Foils, the dozen

{Knives ami Jorks, the groce

T>

Kazors, the dozen i Swords, coarse, the dozen

£ s. a.

I

- 3

vocat. Park mantles, or others, uncolour-ed, the mantle

BoiTcs for bridles, the (mail groce, containing ia dozen -

Books unbound, the hundred weight, containing 112lbs.

rof glass, uncovered, the dozen

For the duties on glass from France, vide fckeduls B.

[ of (lone, the dozen

Bows, vocat. (lone bows of fled, the piece

Bows (laves, the 120 (laves

- , in foreign ships

f Fire, or tinder boxes, the groce, containing twelve dozen boxes

Ned boxes, the groce, containing twelve dozen -

j ! Pepper boxes, the groce, containing twelve S j dozen -

) Sand boxes, the groce, containing twelve dozen -

Soip boxes, the (hock, containing three score boxes

Spice boxes, the dozen

Tobacco boxes,the groce,containingtwelve t dozen -

f Lamps, the dozen

Laver cocks, the pound

Old, or fbruff the hundred wt. containing r r 2ibs.

Piles weights, the pound

Scales and weights, the dozen pair I Trumpets, the dozen Vql. XVI. 5 T

1 4 - 3 — - 3 3

1 — 2 2 — 4

I 4 - 2 6 - 29

1 — 2 2 — 2 4

8 5 - 8 S -910

- to; - 1 8; - 1 10

5 - 2 10 - 3 1

l 8 4 1 4 — 1 5 /

a9r 29— 3 2

2 2 - 2 2 - 2 6

i r 2 2 - 2 4

2 2 f 2 2 - 2 6

~ 4 1 ——

i 1 I9I 11

1 p* 2 2 - 2 4

8 5 i 1 3 5 -910

—1 - 12 8

I 5 — 2 to - 3 1

4 3 — 8 5 -92

1 7 - 3 2 - 3 5

I S 2 10 - 3 1

2 to — S 8 - 6 1

- 5 — — 10 — — n

r93 TO 4 2

j 1 2 2 — 2 4

- n 3i 4

6 4 6 4 7 5

- 2i- — 2*

- 4! —910

4 2 7 - 29

Brick iloue*,

The thirh-dird Year of George III. Schedule A. ! iFromo,l,er

A

INWARD ft.

[ lie iiiouiunu brick-Hones

Flanders tile, to scour with, the thousand

ts \ Galley tiles, the foot -.fix to the foot)

*£ 1 P.n riles, the thousand P 1 ’

h Paving tiles, the thousand

Bridles, the dozen -

BtinPIoite, the hundred wf. containing H2lbs.

Bristles, roup!. »r undreft, the dozen pounds

- , of Muscovy, in foreign ships

- , dressed, the dozen pounds

- , of Muscovy, in foreign drips

Broaches of bitten or copper, the groce, con-mining twelve dozen

f Beard brushes, the groc^, containing twelve dozen

of hair, \

vocal.

ii

cf hc.ith,

t.n:iing two)vc* dozen Head brushes. the dozen -j Rubbing biuflies, the dozen f Weavers brushes, the dozen (coarse, tly dozen line orhead-brushes, the doze j called rubbi* g biufhes, thedo-

Bruifh. I ucign.|Countries.

£ > " £ s- d 'L: 4. i

- 2 2- ~ 3 6 - - 39

- 6 S - - 7 2

i.

- io 6 -i 59— 16 S

-96 - '3 8 ~ '4 S

- > 7 - 1 7 — 1 10

- I 2 — I 2 - I 3

7 7 8

- I 2 — I 2 — i 4

- I s

- I 4 - 2 7 — 20

9- 1 5 - 1 7

- i S — 2 JO - 3 i

9- 5 - 1 7

_ — 13__, 0 1 or 0 J J 4

61 6\ 7i

4 L- s9

9r 5 - i 7

Brushes for hats and clothes, the dozen

Buckles, for girdles, the final! grccc, containing twelve dozen -

for girths the groce, containing twelve

- 7

dozen

Bugles,

'Great, the pound

4 4

- 10 — I

- 5----- io

Small or feed bugle, the peund - p

Bullion, in coin, bars, or plates, free.

Burrs for mill-stones, the hundred, containing five score -

[Copper or latten, the great groce, containing twelve fraall groce, every groce twelve|dozen -

j Glass, the great groce, containing twelve ^|small groce o 1

g 1 Hair, the groce, containing twelve dozen o

~ Handkerchiefs,thegroce-jComainingtwelve P j dozen

| Silk, the gry-t grcce, containing twelve j small gicee - 4 3

j Thread tin* great groce, containing twelve

1 fmJl gp ce - I__ i

4 1

4 9 - 49

I 5 — 4

7 5

- 6

- 4 7

i9

- ii

i 7

- S 8

- 6 i

'8 i

6 S

bita,

The thirty-thir 7 Year of George III.

Schedule A. I Fronl Grc'Jt Urita:n. Trom other

| Lit kith.|Foreign. . Countne:.

r. f *£ ' 1 £ ' iL

- s;- - 2 I) — 12 —

3 2 L 6 4 — 6 10

I 4 \ — I 4 — 1 6

4

4 —

3

- 3 8 -----25

4 4 —

- 7 11

I N W A R D S.

Cables, tarred or umarred, liie hundred weight, i containing u 2lbs -

CiicitKis, or crewel riband, the dozen pieces, every piece containing thirty-six yards

l' Per yard -

V.And if mixed with fiik f'-xcept the Caff’y ' m mufachir-of Gnat ISrirain.CHiu,

/ l\rfin, or t!'e East Judies, for every I pound weight.

Callicoes primed, painted or shined, per yard —

_______, white, foreign, per yard

Calfikins in ri-eluir, per piece

'Half silk, half hair, the yard, foreign -

\ And, (excepting the mamifaflure

amektto of j.Vit.an, Chin-.., Ferfia or the East Indies,) for every pound weight

Canary feeds, or Alphifti, the hundred weight, containing 112lbs. - 7 it

Candle plates or wallers, of brass or latren, the pound - 2 — 4

Candles of tallow, the pound

Candldttcks, of brass or latten, the pound-----2+- '-----4-t

Candlewick, the hundred wt. containing 112lbs.— 8 5

{for manufacturers use, free.

wood, the dozen

Capers, the hundredweight, containing mlbs._______ 5

Cap hooks, or hooks ends, the groce, containing twelve dozen pair -— 1

Caps of woollen, the dozen - 2

£ c Playing cards, the ';rore, containing twelve 0 dozen pair (or packs)

42 pVool cards, old, ihe dozen pair

Cj - new, the dozen pair

Of Great Britain, the square yard - j-----2

f Short, the piece -

Turkey I----- Turkey, in foreign ships

£ ' or i Long, containing four yards and £|Venice, upwards, the piece

I I--- Turkey, in foreign ships

J Single, the groce, containing twelve dozen

Double, the groce, containing twelve dozen

with wooden combs, garnished, the dozen —

ST2

IS 89

- 7i

- I —

- 10

- 11 .6

- 3 "

- 4 2t

IS 17 2

1 —i

4 4 —

- 2 6 4 —

9n

- s

—910

- 11

- 12 6

I

- 3 s

- 149

- 3 4

15 18

h 4 3

- 4 7

- 8

- >7 > 3

—94

- 4 —

- 5 —

7

Cafe:,

444

A.D.

!79.3-

Chap. 4.

The thirty-third Year of George III. Schedule A.

I'rom Great Brit.iin. [From other Fur.ign. i Countries.

INWARDS.

'with fnvrfll ivory combs, garnished, the dozen -

with middle fort ivory combs, garnished, the dozen

with large ivory combs, garnished, the dozca

for needles, or pin cases, the groce, containing twelve dozen

{the groce, ungilt, containing twelve dozen

the groce, gilt, containing twelve dozen

Catlings, Harpftrings, and Lutestrings, the groce, containing twelve dozen

Czvcare, the hundred weight, containing mlbs.

Cauldrons, orpins, iron, the hundred weight 1—

] British. Fur:

£. s. d. £ s.

- 2 IO - 5

- 4 3 — 8

l6

1 s I — 2

1 5

2 10

- 5 8 --- S

Chafing j" hrafs or Iattcn, the pound

dithesj of jron^ the (iozen

E-T:

for dogs, coarse, the dozen

keys or purses, fine, the dozen — — 10

r for d<

Chains, a r

C for ki

Chairs of walnut tree, the piece - — 1

f unwatered, or mohair, the yard - 4

watered, the yard - 7

half fiik, half hair, the yard — 1 1

Chamlets,) And for every lb. weight, if made ) of, or mined with silk, (except I the manufacturtf of Great Bri-j tain, China, Persia, or the East I Indies,)

Chariots, with or without the appurtenances, each -

Chcefe, the hundred weight, containing 112lbs.

[Boards, the dozen

Chefs, vlVIen, the groce, containing twelve dozen -

Small, three quarters of a yard long, or middle fort, one yard long, the piece

:Chests

of

Iron,

Large, one yard and quarter long, the piece

Cniflels for joiners, the dozen Chocolate, the pound ‘-Citterns of Latten, the pound Claricords, the_ pair 'Clay called fireclay, and-land, free.

- 4 3

- 4 3 3-

- 2 10

- 9

- 1 8

- 6 r

- 92 >8 3

- 3 1

- 3 6 1

- 4 7

- 4 7

- 3 1

- 10

- 1 10

I

1 1 — 1 3

- 4

- 1 1

4 4

1 3

4 4"

-96

- ij 5

- 5

- 6f

- ii

- 2 7

4 3 - 47

- 29

19S

- 10

- 9

j

y*

in9

- n

- 10

- 3

2 10 — 3

Ccacl.es

The thirty-third Year of George III.

Schedule A.

INWARDS.

Coaches or berlins, with or without the appurtenances, each

Coals, the ton -

Cochaneil, all forts, free.

Coffee, of any other than Britishi plantation produce, for every pound weight thereof

- of the Britishi plantations, vide Schedule D.

upon paying down 3s. 6d. for every hundred weighty and featring the remainder cf duty, coffee may be warehoused in Hie manner, and under the fame regulations as tobacco

c Figures and letters, the grocc Collin,|tfarK|Ies, plates, squares, the grocc j'of bone, the pound

of box, the groce, containing twelve dozen -

of horn, for barbers, the dozen

S called horse-combs, the dozen

of ivory, the pound

vocat. lightwood combs, the groce containing twelve dozeu

(_for wool, the pair, old or new

Comfits, the pound -

r of iron for carpenters, the do-Corapafles, J zen

( for ships, the dozen

Copper, unwrought, the hundred weight, containing H2lbs.

- Kettles, vide battery.

Copperas, free, if for dyers use.

- 1 white and blue, vide drugs.

Cordage, or ropes tarred or untarred, the hundredweight, containing 112lbs.

Corks, ready made, the groce

Cork, the hundred wt. containing mlbs.

Cork f iron, the thousand

tac*tS) I of steel, the thousand

Counters of brass or latten, the pound Crewel riband, vide caddas.

Curry combs, the dozen Cuttle-bones, the thousand Cyder or perry, the ton

Vol. XVI. 5 U

From Great Britain. Britishi.|Foreign. From other Countries.

C- ' £ ' £. s. d.

12 —

SI 8J — — 10

61 6i —

6 — r 4 - 1 s

6i — 1 I — r 2

s — — 10 — — it

- x x — 22 — 24

Ji s 6

5 io — — ir

- I I — 22 — 24

9- 1 5 — 1 7

4t 4 i S

2t — s 6

- lo - i 7 — 19

-49 -49 - 4 II

1 I — 2 6 1 - 12 j

- 3* 7 — — 7

- r- 3 8 - 4 —

9- 1 5 - 1 7

- 3 <* — 7 " -77

2 3? 3>

- 2 1

- 2 10 -, S 8 — 6 1

I 2 I 1 2. 1 Dagger

445 A.D. 1793.Chap. 4.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

Schedule A.

From-Great Britain. British. Foreign.

I N V/ , A II Dagger blades, the dozen Dimity plain, the square yard Dog couples, the dozen

1) 8.

Old drapery,

- the yard, coming from I England

I from any other parts, the yard

rfrom England, the yard p New drapery, prom ?,y other parts, the yard

Note by 23 & 24 Geo. 3. cap. 29. Jill m..n:-faBures made of woA which are milled in the tuck-miliy or ether vuuhine, wheilnr twilled or plain, as coatings, cajfnners, lerfeys, drug-gets, German serges, ratteens, and fitch ike by whatever particular name, now ilcr.cminutc,i) or hereafter to be denominaltd, frail fall under the description of and pay duty as old drapery.

‘Acacia, the pound

Acorus, the pound

Album, the pound

1 Nigrum, the pound

rough or untrimmed, the pound

0 * or Agaric, trimmed or pared,

the pound

—, free, if for dyers use.

Agnus caftus feeds, the pouj'.d

{Confc&io, the ounce

o t 1

oyrop, the pound,

Alkanet roots, the pound

Allum, romish, or roach, the hundred wt. containing 112lbs.

- , free if for dyers use.

Almiet or orcant, the pound

Almonds, bitter, the hundred weight, containing mlbs.

Adiantum

{Cicotrina, the pound Epatica, the pound Alumon plume, the pound

Ambergrease, black or grey, the ounce Troy - - v -

Ameos feeds, the pound Aipomi feeds, the pound Anacardium, the pound I; Angelica, the pound

From other

Ceuntiies.

£~~T

- 6 i

- 6 ~9

- 3 10

-9Si

- i|

1 1

- 3

- 4 3

' — 3i

- 11

1 5

- 3

- 6 —

-92

I I

- 6

- 2J

- IJ9

- 2

- 10

- 3

- S 7

1 2

' ~ 34

- 4 7

- 3

1 7 -----3

6 4

911 1 2

- 6i

3

- 16 10 . — 2

- 2

- ioi — 3*

Drugs,

Drugs, vocat.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

Schedule A.

INWARDS.

crudum, the hundred \vt. containing uilbs.

Antiironium J--- free if for dyers use.

prteparatum or ftibium^ the pound

! Argentum fubiime, or linum, or quick* tiiver, the pound

Aristolochia, Ionga, et rotunda, the pound

Aifnick, white or yellow, or rofalger, the pound - - i

- , free if for dyers use.

Balfamunv

f arti 1 1 nat

Afpalathus, the pound

Aflafcctida, the pound

Aflarum roots, the pound

Auripigmentum, vide orpiment.

Balauftium, the pound

artificial, the pound

natural, the pound

Barley, hulled, or French barley, the r 12lbs.

- , in foreign ships

Bayberrics, the i izlbs.

" —, free if for dyers use.

Bdelliam, the pound

Ben album, or rubrum, the pound

Benjamin, of all forts, the pound

Sof the East Indies, the ounce Froy

Stone /of the West Indies, the ounce .{. Troy

Black lead, the ii 2lbs.

Blatta bizantia, the pound -

/communis, or armonicus, the Bolus < hundred wt* containing 112lbs. ( verus, or line bole, the pound ^-unrefined, or tincal, the pound

Borax,

free if for dyers use.

[_rcfined the pound

Bunkins holywortles, or piltolochia, the pound

Calamus, the pound

\ Cambogium, or gutta gambtc, the pound

j Camphire, refined, the pound -

-—j unrefined the pound

LCancri oculus, the pound

5 U 2

From Gre liritish. it Britain. Foreign. From other Countries.

£. s. d. £ *- d. £ s. d.

- S >5 - 5

2}

9; 10$

- 31 3t

A 1 1*

- 4t Al

- 35 — .4

- 3 — 3i

- 8 -- Si

- e:- ioi Ill

- .5 9i — 6 —

- 3 2 — S 3 — S 7i

- 64

- 36 — 39

- 7. 7}

- j Si

- II — I 2

- _.i3 1} —

- 2 — — 2 2’

- 7 iok - 8 5

- 6i 6’i

10* - 1 7 - 19

- n 2

- 7i -- 8>-

- s 4! - 2 n

- Si 6

- ij I|

- 10i Ili

- I — — i 6 - 1 7

--9— — 10

r~ - - ni — i 1 Drugs

448 A.D. 1793. The thirty-third Year Schedule A. of Geo From Gre British. rge III. at Britain. Foreign. From other Countries.

Chap. 4- inward s. £ d- £ s. i. £ < <T

"Cantharides, the pound — — i 2i — 1 4

Caraway feeds, the 1i2lhs. " I II. -4 6 — 4 it

Cardomomes, the pound —99t

Cariina, the pound — 2j 3

Carolina, the pound - I — w

Carpo. balfami, the pound — lOf — i —

Carrabe, or fuccinum, the pound 3d

Carthamus feeds, the pound — If 2

' Cassia, fillula, of all forts, the pound -, Lignca, the pound 4i :;

Caftoreum, or beaver cods, the pound — eo c^> I — 3 »;

Cerulfa, the 112lbs. — -49 — 4 n

Cetrach, the pound . af — — 3

China roots, the pound Chrystall, in broken pieces for physical uses, - 1 5 — I 6

the pound - 6i 10 J — i —

Ciceres, white and red, the pound — it Iy

Cinabrium, or Vermillion, the pound --si p 10

Ciperus, longus and rotundus, the Ii2lb. — -92 — 99

«3 u o Cetrago, the pound — 2i 2l

Civet, the ounce Troy — — io 6 — »< 3

s Coculus, Indiae, the pound — 4a 5

0 Coloquintida, the pound si 6

Copperas, white, the mlbs. Copperas, blue, of Danlk or Hungary the - 11 3 II II

ii2lbs. - - r red or white, in fragments, for — 3 10 — 4 x

f\?ral a physical uses, the pound - 89

( whole, the pound — 4 Si - 4 7

Coriander feeds, the 11 zlbs. — 4 5 — 4 io

fCaperum, the pound p* — 3* 3i

1 Guaici, the iialbs. - j— >4 5 - «5 S

Cortex, <{ Mandragorse, the pound_J J!

| Tamarifci, the pound — — 2 2

fWinteranus, the pound i 3 — — 3

Coitus, dulcis, and amarus, the pound 1 5 -- Si

Cubebs the pound - - 3» 4

Cummin seeds, the 112lbs. - — L 89 -94

Cufcuta, the pound Cyclamen roots, or panis porcinus, the — — 2f -- 3

pound - --si 6

Cyprus nuts, the pound, (vide nux cuprefii) 6 Dtpgs,

Drugs, vocat.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

Schedule A.

From Great Iirirish.

Brit.; in Foreign.

C- ' A if-

I

INWARDS.

Daucus creticus, the pound - j----- j—

Diagredium, or fcamony, the pound - ^-^—

Diptamus leaves, the pound - ^----- ^—

- roots, the pound

Doronicum, the pound

Eleborus, albus et niger, the pound

Epithemum, the pound

Es-uftum, the pound

Euphorbium, the pound

Fennel feeds, the pound

Fenugreek, the mlbs.

Flory, the pound

Flowers, vide leaves.

Folium India, the pound

Fox lungs, the pound

Frankincense,of France, parrofin, die 112lbs*

Galanga, the pound

Galbanum, the pound

General, the pound

Gentians, the pound

Guinea pepper, the pound

Grains of Guinea, or French grains, the I [jibs, (vide grains.)

Grana, pins, the pound

—, Tinttorum, the pound -

j Green ginger, the pound

Gum, animi, the pound

Gum, arabic, or gum feneca, the hundred weight, containing 112lb$.

-—, Armoniack, the pound

—, Caramen, the pound

Carannte, the pound

- , Elemi, the pound

- , ’Gaiaci, the pound

- , Hedetae, the pound

-, Junepsri, or fandracha, the H2lbs.

- *, Lack, the pound

Opoponax, the pound

- , Sandrachi, or gum. juneperi, vide

Sandrachi.

—Sarcocol, the pound

- , Seneca, vide gum arabic,

—Serapinum, or fagapenum,'the pound.

- , Tacam.ihacca?, the pound

Vol. XVI. 5 X

s. d. —

4 5

I

- U —

' — / — 2

~ 4

- 4l

~ it

- n

s 6+

- 6'

- 1 1 i

- 7f

3 2

- 44-— 5t

- 4

" U

- 3 ' 7 3

- n

- 5

i 4i

6 4 — 31

" 3t

i H - Ai

i

- 10

449

From other A.D. Countries. 1793*

C~s.~

r —

410

- 8 J

- 7e -----2

~ 4f - S

6 —

- 3

- 1 44

7 10 — 3

- Si

s — s

6 10

' 3t

- 4 ’ 19

- s

- 11

8 10

~ 3e

1 6

- S

- 3l.

1 Si I-

- Si

19Drugs,

45°

A.D. 1793.Chap. 4.

0

o

§3

Q

The thirty-third Year of George III.

Schedule A. 1 From Great Britain. iFrom other

I British. ! Foreign. Countries.

INWARDS. f. r. J. j

'Gum, Tragagant, the pound , Tin£torum» videgrana tinctorum, Gutta gamba;, vide cambogium. 3 — 3

Hermoda£lilus, the pound Holywortles, vide bunkins. / the hundred, containing — Si — 0

Horns of harts ) five score - 1 7 -49 ~ S 3

0rftass> (the It albs. - 1 " 5 3 - S 3 ~ S 3

Hypociflis, the pound <5 6-

Jallap, the pound Incense, or olibanum, vide olibanum. — 7; It — I 2

Ireos (orris), the H2ibs. — — '4 — 1

IfinglafSj the 112lbs-free if for dyers use. 1 6 3 1 1691 13 t»

Jujubes, the pound Juniper berries, free. — 2% — — 3

Lapdanum, or lapadonum, the pound — 3i 4

Lapis calaminaris, the n2lbs. — - 4 7 - 4 it

Contra-yerva, the ounce — — 1 i-i - 1 3

Hematitis, the pound 45 — .5

Judaicus, the pound — 3i 3v

Lazuli, the pound — — 23; — 26

1 , Tulioi, the pound — 3l 3d

Leaves of roses, the pound id 3 3i

of violets or flowers, the pound I — — 2 v 2*

Lentils, tire pound — I I

/Aloes, the pound — - 2 ji — 2 10

Lignum, J Afphahum, the pound — 3a 3 i

( Nephreticum, the pound - — 10

Lignum, rhodium, the iialbs. , Vitjc, free. Limum, vide argentum sublime. - 2 3i — 26

j of gold, the 11 albs. — — 4 di -49

Litharge, (. of silver^ the i z albs. — - 3 - 3 10]

Locusts, the pound — 3i 3 i

Lupines, the mlbs. — — 2 IO -3 —

Lyntifcus, or xylobalfair.um, the pound — 4 J

M idder roots,or rubea tin£iorum,the pound if for dyers use, free. — — 3 3s

| Manna, the pound - 819

j Marmalade, the pound i -- 35 -n I — 0 t

j rRed, the pound__ 3 r

1 Mafticlt, £ t^c pounj . __ IOt

Drugs,

The thirty-third Year of George III.

Schedule A.

- 7

Mirabolanes,

inwards.

fMechoachan, the pound

j precipitate, tl:c pound Mercury, [ fu5]jmatC) the pound

Millium folts, the pound

diicd, the pound

conoited, the pound

Myrtle-berries, the pound

Mithridate Venetian, the pound

Mummin, the pound -

Mufr, the ounce Troy

n f the dozen Mf 3 and cotlS) ^the ounce

Myrrhe, the pound

Nardus, celtica, or fpicaRomana, the 11 albs.

Nigella, the pound Nitrum, the pound

[De benne, the pound Cupreffi, the pound Indica, the piece Pini, or grana pint, the pound Piftachia orpiflachias, the pound L Vomica, the pound

! Petroleum, the pound Turpentin:, vide turpentine.

Ciibanum, or inccnfe, the M2lbs.

Opium, the pound Orabus, the pound

Orange j Ointment, the pound -

Pjower|‘Water, the gallon ——

j Orcant, or almiet, the pound - (-----

| Origanum, the pound - - '-----

! Orpjment, or auripigmentum, the ii2lbs.-----

Ofippium huerredum, the pound I OiTa de corda ccrvi, the pound

From Great Britain. From other liritifli. j Foreign. Countries.

£. d. £. s. d. £. s. d.

j-- 7t-- 3

- io; — i 7 — i 81-

- ioJ - iit

- 3i i-----3

- 2,

—9Si

- 6 4

- 3

- 4 !'

- «i

2 5‘

i i

- 74

9S

- i?

Nux

- i i

- 34

III J

- 2

Si,--- Si

3 3

2 ,--2

- a; -

- it

- s

3 21 -

- 5i

<5 Ci i 8 3:

2J j— 2 4’

1 i-'--i :i

- I — i 4

1-----21

2 -----2

- II 2 — II II

f of almonds, the pound { of amber, the pound j de bay, the i I2lbs.

I de feenne, the pound

Oil < f

of mace, or nutmegs, the pound of rosemary, the pound of scorpions, the pound I b°f fpike» the pound

5 x*

3 4i

- i t>l 8 - jo.1

- 2?-----2-j-

- 7 <Sj — -8 3t

- 3i

2 IO

- 12 2j

- I 7

- 3i 3 i

- 12 II

- i Si

- I io| — 2 ' 6i — 2

- 9i > 7-- ‘9

~:4T:!t:8;

3 3 Drugs,

i

452

A.D. 1793.

Chap. 4.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

Schedule A.

bo

s

:a

d.

- x*

I N W A R D S.

Panis porcinus, vide cyclamen.

Panther, the pound

Pearl feeds, the ounce Troy

Pellitory, the pound

Pepper, long, the pound

Peiofcn, vide frankincense.

Plony feeds, the pound

Piftachias, vide nux piftachia.

Pillolochia, vide bunkins.

Pix Burgundtse,.the n2ibs.

Polipodium, the pound

Polium montanum, the pound

Pomegranate pills, the i nibs, if for dyers use, free.

Poppy feeds, the pound

Precipitate, vide Mercury precipitate.

Prunellas, or ptuins of Brunclia, the pound —

Pfyllium, the pound

Quicksilver, vide argentum vivum.

r Contra yerva, the pound

I Efuke, the pound

j Peonx, the pound

( Scorclonera, the pound

Red lead, the 11 slbs.

Rhabarbarum, or rhubarb, the pound

Rhnponlicuin, the pound

Rose'alger, vide avfenic.

Roflet, the po-md

Rubea tindiorum, vide'madder roots.

agappnum, vide gum ferapinum. r Alcali, the pound

Sal % Armoniacum, the pound (. but if for dyers use, free.

Sal gem, the pound — nitri, the pound

(Red, alias stock, the mlbs. but if for dyers use, free.

White, the pound

h Yellow, the pound

Sandiver, the mlbs.

Sandracha, or gum juneperi, the H2lbs.

Draconis, the pound

ireci, the pound

SarfaparilVa, the pound

From Great Britain... [From other British. Foreign, j Countries.

C' J. d- £ s. d.

- 2

- 2

Sanders

Sanguis

(Kir<

16 io - 18 2-

3 "k

- i

- 4

- 2 t

Sts’ V—

- 2

—92 9i — 4 io 2i 3l

2<

24

- I —;

- s>;

- 2|

- 10

1 — 4

- 2 — 4l 2 5

- 3i

- 6f — 2 6i

I- 3 4

3 —< S *4

2 0\

- H

- 4l

- 3 2 10

- 4 64

- 2 3|

- 8 10

84

- 34

I-----92-

Drugs,

rugs, vocat.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

Schedule A.

From Great Britain.' Britishi.|Foreign. From other Countries.

£ ' d- £ ' £ r. d.

- ~ 5 ~ S Si

- I I

- It

- '13 -4 8T

- 3v 31-

- 2 2$

C 2 — 2 4

9! I0‘

- 2

- si -17

- 4 4i

I — If 2 10 4 3 S '°i

- 4 74 — 5 1

- r 1 - > a

- 11 2 *- — IT tl

- 1. 0 " 3

- 1 2 - - 1 37

31 \ -- 3i

- r 2 2

- 5 s'

- C-

- .25 -ii

- , IO-J Hi

- 7 ~ I / y

3; 3a

3 2 5* 2i 6

" - 2 3i - 2 si

I I — I I —- I I

- 1 1 — I 2

1 — I I — I 2.

1 7 __ , L /*

2t 2i Drugs,

inward s.

'Safafras wood, or roots, the ri2)bs.

Scamonium, vide diagredium.

Scincus mariaus, the piece -

Scordium, the pound

Scorpions, the hundred,containing five score

Sebeftines, the pound

Seler montanus, the pound

Semen cucumeris, cucurb, citral, melon, the pound -

Sena, the pound

Scldonella, the pound

Spica Celtica,vide nardus Celtica, or {pica Romana.

Spikenard, the pound

Spodium, the pound

Spunges, the hundred weight

Squilla, the 11 albs.

Squinanthum, the pound

Staphifager, the mlbs.

Stechados, the pound

Stibium, vide antimonium pneparatum.

{calamita, die pound

iiquida, the pound

Succinum, vide carrabbe.

Sulphur vivum, the pound

r green, the pound

1 white, the pound

Tamarinds, the pound

r lemnia, the pound

fagillata, the pound

Thlapfii femen, the pound

Tincat, vide borax.

Tomfal, the pound, if for dyers use, free.

common, the pound

of Venice, the pound

and further, for every one hundred weight thereof both common and of Venice Trochifci de vipera, the ounce troy ' -

j- the pound Turbith, )

t- thapfite, the pound kTurmerick, the pound, (free if for dyers use} '

Vov XVI. /t '

Terra \ r (far

Treacle,

453 A.D. 1793. Chap. 4.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

Schedule A.

INWARDS.

f r common, the n albs.

Turpentine, \ of Venice, Scio, or Cyprus,

£ the pound

Verdigrease, the pound, (if for dyers use> free) - 3

Vermillion, vide cinnabrium.

Varniflh, the ualbs.

Viscus quercinus, the pound

Vitriolum Romanum, the pound, (if for dyers use, free)

Umber, the hundred wt. containing I I2lbs.

White lead, the H2lbs.

Worm feeds, the pound -

Xylobalfamum, vide lyntifeus.

Zedoaria, the pound

Earth, red, the barrel

Elephants teeth, the hundred, containing five score -

Emery (tones, the hundred weight, containing ii2lbs.

Emery, ground, the pound

Fans for corn, the piece

for beds, the ii2lbs.

of France, for beds, the hundred weight

of Russia, the hundred weight

vocat. eftridge»oroftrichfeathers, not black or white, undressed, the pound

of oftridges, I hlack, the pound

undressed, \ white, the pound

Feather beds, old or new, the piece

Fiddles for children, the dozen

Ferret ribbon, the groce If foreign, and of fiik, to pay as (ilk manufacture.

Fire (hovel plates, the hundred weight, containing H2lbs.

Fire (hovels, the dozen

f (the barrel

Cod-fish

£. i. d. £. j. _d. r

From Great Britain. British. j Foreign.

from other Countries.

- 2 II*

- I 10$

- Si

s. d.

- 3 2

- 2 I

- 5*

‘i

the hundred, containing fix (core

Cods heads, the barrel Cole fish, the hundred, containing fix score Gull fish, the barrel Haddocks, the barrel

- 6 3i 10 6 II 2i

- 9— 10

- 6 — fit

- 4 ii - 4 8

- 5 — S — - 5 6

- 6 10 — — I0T

- 3 — —9

- I I — I I — I 2-»

- I95 I It9

- 7i — n - — 9.

- X 2 - Z t

- 6 — 6 — — 8

- 4 3 — 4 3 - 4 u

- 6 4 7 —

- 4 — 4 8

- 4 3 - 4 7

- 3 4 3 8i

- 3 Si - 4 -i

- 3 6 - 3 6 4 I

- 3 — ~ 7i — — 8

- I 8i

- I 6 - 3 7 - 4

- I 5 — % xo — 3 r

- I 5 — 2 10 - 3 i

- I — " — — 3 t

- 4 3 - 12 8

- 6i

H I X - 3 2

! 1 — It - 2 8

\ — 4* L. — — I t Herrings

The thirty-third Tear, of George III.

Schedule A.

INWARDS.

{Herrings, the barrel Lampreys, the piece

Lings of all forts, the hundred, containing fix score -

"final], the hundred, containing fix , score

c

J , middle fort, the hundred, containing fix score -

£. d.

- I I

2 I

j fish, great, the hundred, containing L fix score -

(the barrel

Salmon,|gjT]eSj tjjC barrel Seal fish, the fish

croplings, the hundred, containing fix score

lubfish, the hundred, containing fix score -

titlings, the hundred, containing fix score -

L Whitings, the barrel

Flanders tile, vide brickstones.

rundrefled, free.

Flax Jdrefled or wrought, the H2lbs.

L— 1 — - , in foreign ships

Flax-feed, or lin-feed, free.

Flames to let blood, the dozen

Flints for fire arms, the thousand

Flocks, the hundred weight, containing rnlbs.

Flower roots, the hundred, containing five score -

Flutes, coarse, the groce, containing twelve dozen

Frize, the yard

Furnaces, for bleachers use, free.

pArmins, the timber, containing forty Anns Badger /kins, the piece

/-black, the piece Bear/kins,-{Ted, the piece

(.white, the piece C /kins, whole the piece Beaver,|wottl|jS. t|ie piece

f untawed, the limber, containing forty skins

the timber, containing forty

From Great Britain. British. I Foreign.

£ '-‘J-

From other Countries.

£r

—9— — 2

2

-h

8:

- i7 ii — 17

J j fleins

3 ) tawed, t O I ftins

- ii

- 2i

- 5

- 8

- 4 3

- 1 4

- 4 3

7 " — S

- 4 3 6

- 1

- 4

1 t7

- 8

- 4 7

- 3 ii

~ 7 J 1 J - 7

3

ST2

" Si

—9- 4 11

7

I r

- I 10 Calabar,

45 6 A.D. 1793. Chap. 4.

The thirty-third Year of George III. Schedule A.

British.

( ra;v bh,ck-1 leaf

INWARDS. s. d.

f u f the hundred, conlaining/ivcfcorefkins

ji j black, the hundred, containing five Cji C score -

Cats poults, the hundred, containing five I fcorc - 2 i j

Fitches, the timber, containing forty /kins

_ f the black fox /kin

g the ordinary /kin

k wombs, poults, or pieces, the pane

r untawed, the timber, containing \ forty /kins Grajcs, t]ie timber, containing

C forty lkins

raw, the /kin afoned, the /kin Jen', CtS’ j r raw, the (kin -

(, ®re'r>|fafoned, the fkiu -

f skins, the piece

Leopards, 1

t wombs, the pane

'the timber, containing forty ikins

gills, the timber, containing

Matrons,' {atJ(kins '

pouts, the pane or mantle

tails, the hundred, containing five score

Miniver, the mantle

Minks, untawed, the timber, containing forty /kins

—, tawed, the timber, containing forty lkins -

Moul Ikins, the dozen

Otter /kins, the piece

Ounce /kins, the piece

Sables of all forts, the timber, containing forty /kins

Wcafd lkins, the dozen

"tawed, the piece

Wolf /kins, untawed, the piece

I v-wolverings, the piece

Galls, the hundred weight, containing 11 libs, if for dyers afe, free.

Garnets, small, rough, the pound

- , small or great, cut, the pound

Gimlets, 5 ft>r carPcmers* the grocc -

i for vintners, the dozen

rge III. at Britain. Foreign. From other Countries*

£. ,. ,/. C- '

- 8 5 -92

- n- 7 — 12 2

- 4 3 - 4 7

- 3 2 — O

2 2 — 2 5 6

4 4

- 2 2 — 2a

- 19— I It

- 2 8 — 2 1C

- 2 8 — 2 10

- 3 6 - 3 ,0

8 8i

- 10 II

- S 3 - S 8

I — 1 29

2 2 — 236

- 2 7 — 29

- 2 2 — 24

- 8 s - , 2

- 2 10 — 3 —

- 12 8 - >3 8

- 16 10 - .8 3

- 6i

- 2 2

- 2

- 6

~ I*

- I I

- 2 8

6 6 —

- <5 4

- 4 .10 ~ 29

2 -2

2,-43 .4 p.ia- 8

1 5

1

10 19

- i*

~ 1 2

- 210

6 16 6

- 6 10 5 3

- 3 "

2 6

- 47

U 13 8

I

1 7

i— 110 Girth

The thirty-third Year George III.

Schedule A.

a N VT A R D S. Girth web, the grace - - £ i-- 3

i ’Glasses for "watches, the Hozen Burning glasses, the dozen Glass pipes,'small, the poun'd ’ll941

A3 Glass pipes, great, :the hundred weight, tontainingi nibs. I 2 II

> Hour glades, the grace - -4 H

Vialsrthe hundred, containing-five '(core — I I

5. Water glasses, the dozen, of all forts 7 1

rthe-whole case, containing 24 Window) lei?" - 3 10

glasses, J — , the half case, (or fide) (, containing 12* leaves — til

Glew, ‘ the jiundred weight, containing I f2lbs.

Globes, fmtfl,>the pair, under eighteen'inches diameter

—r, large, the pair, eighteen inches diameter

Glovea of all forts, the dozen

—, and if of silk, and not British, or the manufacture of Persiaor the Bast Indies, for every pound weight

Gold foil, the Tin all grace, containing twelve dozen

—, paper, the small grace

'Gold and silver thread right, the pound,-containing twelve-ounces Venice weight

Grains, or scarlet powder, the pound

of Seville, -in berries, or grains of Portugal, or Rotta, ?the pound

Gravers, or punfons for goldsmiths, the pound

’Grindstones, the chalder -

'Almonds, the hundred wt. containing Jii2lbs.

-C

- , in the {hell,*the thousand

Anniseeds, the hundred wt. containing 11 ribs.

Cinnamon, the pound

Cloves, the pound -

Cocoa nuts, the pound

Currants,the hundred wt.containing i iribs.

in foreign' ships

Dates, the hundred wt. containing i ulbs.

Figs, the hundred wt. containing 112'lbs.

- , in foreign ships

vo.L.m

From Great Britain. ’.JFrom other Briufh.|Foreign. Countries.

(T*~

- 6 10

jr- '

- 4

-43

- 22

4 3

- 4

- li

-14

- 4 3

fZ

4 4

- 2 6

-47

91 6 19

' 3

2 19

- 8

- Ai — — f

- 2’T — — 3

- 4 X 6

- IZ 8 ' — «3

- 4 — 4i

- 10 6 II 7

- I H - I

- I Bi I

- 6 — — 6

- 16 10 — tT 2!

- I I —

- 18 11 I — 6

- 495 I

5 10

4 4

- I

- 3

-9

1

t

9

Ginger,

'[‘he thirty-third Year of George III.

Schedule A.

INWARDS. £ s- .

rGinger, of the East Indies, or other foreign plantations, the pound

of the West Indies, not British I

From Great Britain. From other British.|Foreign, j Countries.

plantation, the pound

of the English plantations, vide

schedule D,

- Green, vide drugs.

Liquorice, the hundred weight, containing II 2lb$.

1 Juice, or ball, the pound #Mace, the pound ^Nutmegs, the pound Pepper, the pound j Pimento, the pound, (vide schedule D.) ^-Prunes, the hundred wt.containing! islbs.

- 2 8

- ti

- , in foreign ships

Raisins of all forts, the hundred weight, containing 112lbs. -

- in foreign ships

Sugars, refined, in loaves, not being baf-tatds, and all candy, being of the manufacture of Great Britain, for every hundred weight, containing 112 futtle ibs.

refined, called bastards, and all

ground ands powdered refined, and all refined loaf sugars broken in pieces, for every hundred weight thereof containing it 2.futtle-lbs.

vMufcovado,

-J White.

vado, r

h

nail —

Vide schedule C. and schedule.D.

Refined,

( Corn-powder, the hundred wt.

Gunpowder, ) , C0mainins lI2lbs-

vocat. I Serpentine, the hundred wt. con-X tairfing I I2lb.

'.(Camels hair, the pound.

’Hair, J Elks-hair for saddles, the hundred wt. Vocat.containing- inlbs.

(_Goats hair, the H2lbs. -

Hair bottoms for sieves, the groce, containing twelve dozen

Halberts, gilt, th<rpiece -

- , ungilt, the piece

- j io-

- 3 3 2 i 3*

- 5

- 2i

2 \A 8

3- I

5 3 3 -2

- II .10

- I

- I

Hammers, the dozen

vocat. . horseman’s hammers, the

dozen

- x -5

i.

«1-----

<l.

- 6

_ y 2 —

- n

8i-2 II

- 3 4

9

it J

* n 3

25,2

- 37 — 3Io

- 2.10 — .3

- 8f

- 10

-29—

263

I.

I- 3

—9

- 11

3 i

"* For importation of Cinnamon, Cloves, Macs, and Nutmegs, vide 23 & 24 Geo. III. can. 2j, and continued by Z9. Geo. III. cpp. 39.

tllandlcrclurs

The thirty-third Year of George III.

459'

Schedule A.

INWARDS.

Handkerchers or handkerchiefs, the dozen

- , and further additional duties,

according to the nature of the fabric,

Harness, plates, vide plates.

______, Roses, the thousand

Hatbands, the grocc, containing twelve dozen

Hats, vocat. straw hats, vide bafts.

i—, of beaver wool, or hair, the hat

- , all other hats, the piece

fHemp, fiiort, dressed, the hundred wight, containing uzlbs.

- , in foreign ships

Cullen, or steel hemp, and all other fort of dressed hemp, the Jtundredwt. containing mlbs.

r.

- 5

Prom Great Britain. British. I Foreign.

cl. £. s. i. — u 7

- 10 — 2

- u 7

- 159

in foreign ships

| Spruce Muscovia (and all other undressed h hemp) free.

Hemp-feed, free.

(Buff-hides, the hide

Cow hides, of Barbary or Muscovy, the hide

Cow or horse hides, tanned, the piece (not American)

in the hair, the piece

(not American)

Lo(h* hides, the piece, (not Atnerican)

Red or Muscovia hides, tanned, coloured or uncoloured, the hide -

For British plantation!) vide schedulelb.

Hilts for swords and daggers, the dozen

Honey, the barrel, of forty-two gallons

of iron, for pipes or hogsheads, the hundred weight, containing 112lbs.

- of all-other forts, the hun-

Hoops,

dred weight,

of wood, for.coopers, the thousand Hops, the hundred weight, containing uslbs.

Horn books, plain, thcgroc#

- , gilt, the groce

Horns for lanterns, the thousand " -

Horses, mares, geldings and nags, the piece

Hunting horns, the dozen

Jet, the pound -

Jews trumps, the groce, containing twelve dozen

-Indigo,-free,

- 9t

I- 1 3*

1 1 —

4 3

59

- 8

- 9* 1 31

- 9

- 8 j

6 4 -47 — 4

- 10 —

1 3

3 44

2 2

4 —

4 3

c Z 2

From other A.D. Countries. 1793

£. s. J. Chap. 4. — 12' 7; -

- 3

t 29

1 29

- 4 7

- 13 8

- 17 10

- '93 I 6 7

- 9

- 1 3

- to;.

- ' S to

-9.2

- 4 1-t

2 to "

- 1 10

- 3 8

- 2 6

- 4 7

- 2 4

Ink

4^o

A.D.

J1793*

Chap. 4.

iS-r-v'—'

3the thirty-third tar of ' George jRI; ..Schedule A. 1 *Gre"®n',ain’ F I British. Foreign. 4 From other Countries.

1 N WARDS. U ' £ . 3.-i. £ . r. a.

Ink for printers, the hundred wt. containing|.1

tizlbs. . - - 4 2i - - s, 2> - - 4 «t

Inkhorns, theigroce,- contaning-twelve-dozen " - -6 A - - 12 "8 - *3

—yofiglass, the dozen -14- - 2 .61 —

Inkle, un wrought, the pound ’ — .3 , - 6 --7

wrought, the dozen pounds - -« .3 . II — 3 «{

"Bullet (crews, the dozen - )S -—10 - — It

Incision (heers, the dozen 7 -II — 12

Instruments, Paces-or tooth drawers, thedozen 7 It — 12

forfarbers j

and chirur- Pullicanes, the dozen — .7 It. — 12

geons,vocat. Sets, the bundle, containing Ex-

teen -

Trepans, the dozen — \t I — 2-2 — 24

f unwrought, for every-ton -( — 10 6 — to 4

f small, (not exceeding half a

_ , \ hundred weight), the piece Backs for J ° r - 1 j -2-2 - 2 J

c« Chimnies, / large, exceeding half a hun-

0 .> J C dred weight, the piece - — Z 10 -4-3 — 46

‘a Bands for kettles, the hundred weight con-

W taining 1 t2lbs. - 7 j —" -7 . — 12 3

Doubles, vide plates.

tHoops, vide’hoops.

tlrons, bo* irons, the dozen - 7 ~ J~i - J 6

Smoothing irons, not box, the dozen — I I! — 3 10 - 4

Stirrup irons, the dozen pair .7*, - ’« 3l — 1 5

1 Iron, ore and cinders, the.ton j-- H -- tfl Si

Liquor for dyers use, free.

Juice of lemons, the pipe. - S — r5 10 — tS i

'free if for dyers use)

Junk, called.old junk, the ton — 10 6 — .10 <S - t! 3

Ivory, the pound, unwrought — — t 1 — t 3

Kelp, tire ton - 3 — 3 2 - 3

'Keyknops, the groce, containing, twelve dozen j- 1 - 4 3 - 4 7

;Keys for watches, the groce f~ 7 — S 6

1*Almine» Bohemia, and all other coarse 1

knives, the dicker, containing ten knive 4 89

-I

M

Batchers knives,the dickerrcontainingten knives -

Carving knives, the dozen

Coopers knives, the dozen

Cullen knives, the groce,xontaining twelve dozen

Curriers knives, the dozen -['Drawing knives, the’dozen

I ’Glovers knives, Tthe bundle) containing fix I knives -

1

I- 4

I

- 2 6

- to

I 10

- .11 —

- 2 2

« is’9- S — I— 1 8

|----- -9

Piz I

s 4 1 (8 6

V- S 5

I 10

-5 — f

lenkmves,

The thirty-4.hud.Year of George III.

Schedule A. From Great Britain. British.|Foreign. From othet Countries.

INWARD S. (£. r. J. £ r. i.; "*3 *i

« U Penknives, the groce, contains g twelve dozen - - 3 2 — 6 4 — 6 10

> g Skerknives, the dicker, containing ten knivei - - 4 89

£ Stock f ungilt, the dozen (locks -.Knives|t^e dozen (locks - 8 5 - 1! 8 — 16 10 t 5 2 - 18 3 1 7 4

fBone lace of thread, - the dozen yards -43 - 8 5 -92

Crewel lace, the small groce, containing twelve dozen — - 5 — 16 10 -8 3

Of gold or silver, or silver and gold, the pound Troy or Venice weight 195 _.__ —

4J A O Gold and silver lace, the ounce Troy — 2 —{

5 c 0 Pomet lace, the groce, containing twelve do2lu - 2 -43 — 4 7

Purl or antlet lace of thread, the groce, containing twelve dozen — I — 2 2 — 24

/-Bonelacc of all forts, the small pound, J containing futeen ounces 2 12 (5 7 >7 6 8 1 —

to 1 Lace of all other forts, the pound,_L Containg fifteen ounces -595-«> 3 5 12 —

Ladles, vocat. melting ladles, the hundred wt. containing nalbs. - — 43 -5 —9

'Last blocks, the dozen 2-i 2 h 3

'Latches and catches, iron, the dozen 6{ — 1 1 — I 2

Laths, the thousand ... 1 z r

/-black latten, the hundred weight, Xatten, J containing 11 albs. - 7 -5 - 7 5 - 8 I

7 (haven latten, the hundred weight, containing lnlbs. - 7 n — 7 n — 89

rtheton, containing twenty hundred V weight . - ^Ca<* i milled, or (heets, the hundred weight - 12 8 — I I — 12 8 — I 1 — 149- 1 3

Sore, the ton - 3 5 - 8 5 —910

'fBafil'leather, the dozen 2 2 — 2 2 — 29—

8 I Hangings, -gilt, the piece *. -5 — ifi IS -a 3

g'! s-i 11 Leather for maQcs, the pound .99— — 10

Spanish, Turkey, Ball India, >or Coido-vant, the n Ikins — — 10 6 -12 3

L Spruce, Muscovia or Danflc leather, the dozen&ins — -43 - .411

/of g61d, the1iup.dred leaves, contain-Leaves, j ing five (core 7 ’ — I I — 12

( of silver, the-thousand leaves — 22 -4 3' - 4.7

C Vide,.oranges. Lemons, 1 , t Pickled, the pipe - 8 5 — ! IO - is 3

cLime, - the barrel, (free if for dyers use) <5 6 - - 7

Lime juice, the gallon (free if for dyers use) Vdl. XVI. 6 A — — 2i 5: 6 British,

A.D.

1793. Chap. 4,

402

A.D.

I79.v (Chap. 4.

57k? thirty-third Year of George IIIt

Schedule A.

From Great Britain.|From other British. I' Foreign.|Countries.

INWARDS.

British, brown or white, free. Conditionally, 4 G. 1. chap. 6.

fDutch barns, and Heflens canvas, the hundred ells, containing (lx score And further, for every square-yard thereof

Packing canvas, guttings, and spruce canvas, the hundred ells, containing 120 -

\ And further, so? every square yard thereof

Poledavies, spruce, Eibing or Queens-borough canvas the bolt, containing 28 ells

And further for every square-yard thereof

The above, hnd in every such case, the additional duty of 6d. per yard it appro-printed to the encouragement if the linen manufacture.

fof Holland making, the J t yard

Tabling, j silesia making, the

k yard

rof Holland making,

Towelling and J the yard

Napkining, 1 of Silesia making.

(lie yard

£ ' J- if- d-

- 149

- 6 k

- ia 3 6k

- 3 10

{of Holland making, the yard

of SileGa making, the yard

Napkins, of Holland making, thedozen - Q I of Holland making, the

I Towelling I yard and J 1 Napkining, 1 of Silesia making, - the I yard

-Drillins, and packducks, the hundred ells, containing fix score

and further for every

- 7*

- "7 3*

square yard thereof

Bag Holland, of Holland making, the ell

- and further for every square yard thereof

Xinen rags free.

Xitmus, the hundred wt. containing 112lhs.

Free if for dyers use.

- 16 —

- tfi

-*3 8

- «i

- 4 1

____fix I

6i

- 64

- 4*

- 3i

96 -—65 t~ 1 5

- *i

- 3*

- 1 3

- 6 ro

- 4}

- 3l

- ro 3

- «i

- 1 7

- 2 1 j— a 5

And fur and upon alldanulk towelling, napkins, or-cloths, made-of flax or hemp, not '.being of the manufacture of Great Britain, France, or the French dominions in Europe, an ‘additional duty of (Jd. by the yard, if the fam.- be yard wide, or under, and of i$, per yard, if the fame be above one yard, and under two yards wide; and of 28, per yard, if the fame be two yardsnvide or more.

I -lockets,

The thirty-third Year of George III.

Schedule A. From Great Britain. [From other

Bfitifli.' Foreign. 1 Countries.

INWARD s. £ d. /: ' ‘i- £ x- d.

Lockers, or chapes for daggers, the groce, con-

raining twelve dozen —. 1 s — !— 3 1

’Budget or hanging locks, small, the groce,

» containing twelve dozen — 2 C. 59 j- 6 4

Hanging locks, large, the groce, containing

twelve dozen - -S3 - it 7 - 12 7

-Box, chell and cupboard locks, the groce -

2 — 2 6i — 5 1 — 5 S

c £ Horse locks, the dozen — — 10 — i 8 — . 1 iO

0 > < Spring C double, the dozen — I9— 3 s — 38

e 0 . 1- Locks,|gng|Cj the dozen — ‘I I -24

Stock f double, the dozen. — 2 2 — 43 — 4 7

_ Locks, t single, the dozen- — t 4 - 2 7 — 29

Looms, called'weavers looms, free.

Lutes, ( Cullen making,with cases, the dozen —. I 13 8 I 16 5

(. Venice making,-with cases, the dozen — S — to S93

4<53

h. D.

1793.

Chap. 4.

r Catlirtgs, the groce, containing , twelve dozen knots

Lute-ftrhlgS,

vide harpftrings.

Minikins, the groce, containing ' twelve dozen knots

Madder, (free if far dyers use.)

"Crop madder, and alt other bale madder, the hundred wt. containing 11 albs.

Fat madder, the hundred wt. containing ualbs.

Mul madder, the hundred wt. con-. tabling nalbs.

Magnus, the hundred-wt. containing I r albs.

Maps, printed, the ream

Marbles, for . children, the thousand

-6----- -9

a 10 — y 8

a 7 — a 7

1 S ~ 1 S

-7-----7

a 1 — a 1

8 j — id ib

- 6 — — ,10

- 10

6 t

3 —

- 8

a 6

18 3 — 10

Match, for guns, the twenty pounds

Metheglin, thehoglhead

Metal leaf, except Giver.or gold, the packet, ' containing two hundred and fifty leaves

Mithridate, the pound -

Mortars and-pestles of brass, the pound

'Mum, the barrel -

Muffin, (plain white j the square yard

Mustard feed,the hundred wt. containing nalbs.

Chair nails,.the thousand

0 Copper nails, rose nails, and fadlers Hails, nails, the.sum, containing ten thou-vocat. sand

Harness nails, the sum, containing; -ten thousand

6 A a

- 2

4 3

r 1

- >1 6 4 — 10!

1 1 S

I s

2 2

- 2

8 5

2 2 4 2. — 3* 12 8

t 11$

1 a

2 10

a i<

4 -3

- 3

92

2 4 4 7

- 3* >3

1 >3

3 1

3 1

4 J Mails,

Schedule A.

Nails,

vocat.

INWARDS.

Head nails* the battel -a

) Small nails, the half barrel

I Spring nails, the sum,'containing ten - thousand

i. i. 16 ta 16 10

- 9

Neats tongues, of, Russia, the dozen Needles,

Sewing needles, the twelve, thousand -

British.

Pack needles, the thousand

t Sail needles, the thousand

{"Small nuts, the barrel

Nuts; -{Chesnuts, the barrel vocat. 1 ’

t-Walnuts, the barrel Oaker, the barrel ... Oakum, the hundred wt. containing i ialba. Ore, vocat. iron ore, the ton -

Olives, thehoglhead rthei barrel

Onions, ]thehundredbunches

I Seeds, the hundred weight, ctmtain-*- ing it2lbs.

Oranges and lemons, the thousand

Orchil, the hundred weight, containing mlbs. if for dyers use, free.

Oil cloth,* the yard

'Oil of jclfamine, the pound

Oil extr-ifled from juniper berries, free.

Oil of vitriol, free.

Linseed oil, or rape oil, by subjects, the ton - by (hangers, the ton

4 9.

*i i *— fit

I I

1 7

9

' .29

- 3

- 6,

- S 19

k S t

- 3

- 3t

Seville, Majorca, Minorca, Apuglia, Provence, and Portugal, by subjects, the ton

- , by (hangers, the* ton

Sallad oil, by subjects, the tot)

——^ by ft rangers, the ton

Greenland, by subjects, the ton / , by (hangers, the ton

(Oil, head matter, or- other produce of whales, or oil) fer. creatures living in the.seas, taken and caught in any part of the ocean by the crew of any thip or.vessel-built in Great Britain, Ireland, or the.islands of GUernfey, Jersey, or Man, wholly owned by his Majesty's subjects usually residing therein, respectively, may on importation (re admitted to

3fge III. at Britain* j Foreign,|r From other Countries.

£ ' I £ s d.

i 13 8 1 16 ..j

i tj *8 t*l5 j

-*5 -

it — — :3

- W- — 10 IO

- *2 a — .24

- 1 1 — I 2

- 2 2 - 2 A

- 3 - 3 5

- 1 5 - 1 7

- a9- 3 a

- 3* 4i

6 8

t 13 -8 116 5

9f

- 3 6' - 31»

*- '8 J — 91*

- <59— 17 6

- 3 a ~ 3

6f — I I

lS 3i 3

ifi io 18 n

3

9>5

10 .3

4 8 J

6 12 -7 '*

-i i I 4

io9- to 16 4

4 8 if j I i»l 7 14 4; -8 id 5 i *1 —V i *4 a

attf,

The thirty-third Year of George III. Schedule A.

INWARDS.

entry, and landed without payment of any duty whatever.

Note, For British plantation and American oils, vide schedule D.

Oysters, pickled, 'the gallon

Packthread,

[ in (keans,the hundred weight

l vocat.bottomthread,the roolbs.

r Dripping and frying pans, the Pans, vocat. ) hundredwt. containing 112lbs.

(Warming pans, the dozen -

'Blue paper, the ream

Brown paper, the bundle

Cap paper, the ream

Card paper, the ream

_* Demy paper not exceeding the dimensions 3 of 15^ inches by 20 inches, the ream

1 Gold paper,-vide. gold.

§* Painted paper, the ream fa

Pressing-paper, the hundred leaves Rochelle paper large as demy paper, the

3}

6 4

5 3

’ 5 3 - 6 4

t t

- 3* . — 9*

- 8

- 1 31

*919

Royal paper not exceeding the dimensions { of 19$: inches by 24 inches, the ream — 2

Pasteboard for books, the thousand - —15

‘Parchment, the roll, containing fix dozen sheets — 55

Peas, called.garden peas, the bushel - — 1 1

if for sowing, free.

Penners, the groce, containing twelve dozen |—— 4 3

Piercer bits, the groce, containing twelve dozen 2 2J

Pike heads, the piece - - 1

Pikes { w"^out heads, *he piece - 4-

| with beads, the piece - J— —- 6

Pincers, or plyers, the dozen- j-----5

Pins,- the twelve thousand - - —^17

Pipes,

1

Pitch,

"ocat.

for children, the ‘groce, containing twelve dozen

for tabors, the dozen

ffmall 'band, the last, containing £2 barrels

- '-----:— in foreign

ships

great band, the lad, containing 12 barrels

L ships Voi. XVI.

-in foreign 6 B

From Great Britain, liritish. Foreign.

- 4 3

<5 8

- fie

- 12 3

- r 06

—96 12 8

- 1 t

- 7!

- I 10

- I 8

- I 3( 2 10

I- 3 2

3 2

- 2 5

- 5 5

- 8

- U

- 9

- 9

- 4 3

-18

- 16 10

- 4 3

- 6

4U5

From ot’vjr V) Countries 179^. ~"T~ ~ Chap. 4.

13 5

" f

10 2

',3 8

' < 3 - 81

2 —

I IO

- 2 6*

3

3 5

2 2 w

3 6 1 S 6 1

'92 4 7

- ii

- 10 j —

- 10

- 4 7

1 10

18 3

4 ll

6 4

7 10

10 2

Plain

The thirty-third Year of George III. Schedule A.

Planks,

INWARDS.

Plain irons, the dozen Plaister of Paris, the mount, containing 3000|weight

f of cedar, the foot

} of England, the hundred feet, con-v taining five score

fSingle, white or black, the barrel, i containing 300 plates

Plates I ^oU*e» white or black, the barrel, vocat.’ ! co,ltainillg 3°° Pktes

Harncfs plates, rthcbu])(1|C(

contain-

Iron doubles, I

riaying tables of walnut tree, the pair

f of thread, the great groce, containing 12 small groce

of capiton, the great groce, containing 12 small groce

Points, 5 of fine silk, the small groce, containing 12 dozen

| -—- And for every lb. weight of fill:

I nor of the manufiiflurc of Great Britain, China, Persia, or the Hast L Indies -

Pomegranates, the thousand

Pomy, or pumice Hones, the ton -

("Covered, the too cast, con-i taining five score Pots, vocat of I Uncovered ,he I00 cs(l con. farther (tone,1 iaining a gallo, l0 ety

1 cafi, whether in one pot or L more

fGallypots, the ico, containing-five j score

Pots, Iron, not exceeding gallons each, vocat. the dozen

[ Melting pots for goldsmiths, the 100

1 I All pots and kettles of iron, the dozen

Printing letters or types, ibe hundred weight

y'Puliies of-iron, the groce, containing Pullies,j 12 dozen

vocat. wood, the groce, containing 12 dozen -

Quinces, the hundred

Rackets, the piece

Raddle, the barrel -

Rapeseed, the quarter

From Great Britain. From olher

British. Foreign. Countries.

£ ' d- 3 £ ' d- 5 £ ' & 6

- 3 — u - 3,1 — 4 j

- I 4 — 64 — 64 — 7

—12 s — 12 8 — 14 —

- 2 t - 4 3 - 4

9- 1 S - 7

- 2 2 - 4 3 - 4 7

- 4 3 - 8 S92

- 3 2 — 64 — 6 jo

r ^9

4 4 — I— 8 n

1- 6 — 6-8 1 ^— 10 .11

' 7 S

6 4

3 2

- 6 U) n

10 6

1 ’3 8

2 2

- S

- 1

1 I

2 1

11 7

10 6

4

|-----10

I II 6 1 1 —

142

- 4 3

- ip

- 1 1

- 2 I

4 4 —

- 9. 8 6 3

f-ii. 4

Q

l— 12 3

« ,3

6 Jo [— — 10 I 13 8 i 29

1 5 11

r 4 7

- J1

- a

1 3

I- s

Rattler

'V',

The thirty-ihn'

tr of George III.

467

Schedule. A.

f~N AV A" 11 u’sT

(the groce, contah.ing R.iu!es for children, ) twelve dozen -

L with bells, the dozen

Razors, the dicker, containing ten Reaping hooks or sickles, the dozen Regulus, the hundred weight

f of silk of all forts, anil all other ma-

I of gold, /liver, or both, the pound, I containing sixteen ounces

Riband ing sixteen ounces

i

Rice, vide schedule D.

Rims for sieves, the groce, containing twelve dozen -

f for curtains, the pound

for keys, the grocc, containing twelve! dozen

| of brass, cooper or St. Marlin’s, gilt, the groce* containing twelve dozen

Rings, -{ small, the box, containing two groce, twelve dozen to each groce

of hair, the groce,'containing twelve dozen

of wire, the gfrbce, containing twelve L dozen

Itofin, if not of the product of any of the British dominions or"' plantations, and jm-. ported in ships built and navigated according to law, for every hundred weight

- and if imported in any foreign built

vessel, for every hundred ’weight thereof

Saddles, of Reel, the piece

Safltare, the hundred wt. containing nilbs. if for dyers use, free.

Saffora, vide Barilla.

Saffron, the pound

Salt, white of C the V,ufl,el> con,ainin8 eight all forts, < SJllons

Salt, vocat. Rock salt, the ton

Sair-jjetrtf, the hundred weight, containing inlbs.

fframe-saws, each

| Hand-saws, the dozen

Saws, voCat. Leg-saw9j the piece -

] Tendnt-saws, the dozen

lAVhiji-saws, the piece

6 B i

Freni Great Fibrin. /."rem ether

Bririiii. Foreign. I Commies,

—_. i. —

r. <1. /’. S. d £. s, tt.

- 22 — 4 3 - 4 7

S 10 M

- 22 4 3 4 7

_ ~ - t- 3

- 4 3 - 4 ? — 4.1

- 106 5 5 — 5 69

- \6 10 5 ;S 7

- 8 8 0

3i 4

- Ill — 2 t

- 22 - 4 3 — 47

- 1 1 — 22 — 2 3

- 4 8 3

6 II_,

- 2 7 2 7 — 2 7

- 28 — 28

- 22 -43 — 4 7

a 5 1 CO — ^IO

- 3 2 — 6 4 — C 10

i: -- 4 5

- 5

1 I - ! , a- 1 I

- 4 .3 - 4 3 — 4 11

8 — I 4 - 1 5

—9- 1 s - I 7

~9- ‘ 5 — 1 7

-5 — 2 SO - 3

G — I I — I 2 Scales,

A.D.

' 7 9.3-Cinp. 4.

468

A.D. 1793.Chap. 4.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

Schedule A.

From Great Britain. From otl;c;

INWARDS.

( foi razors, the dozen

c. J for scabbards, the bundle contain-ca c9] ing 100 -

'"Vide brass*

Scarlet powder, vide grains.

Sciflars, the grece, containing twelve dozen

Scythes, the dozen

Scythe-stones, the dozen

‘Sea-holly roots, the hundred weight, containing iizlbs, -

Sea-horse-teeth, the pound

Seeds ( ^n^uc pr ^over, P0und

\ Millet, the hundred weight

'Vide Drugs, for feeds of agnus cofeus, ameos, araomt, carraway, carthamus, coriander, fennell, piony, poppy, and femeti thlapGi.

- , other feeds for gardens, the pound

Sieves of hair, the dozen Shag, ftulF, 'or hair, the yard

'vocat. forceps, the groce, containing twelve dozen

for glovers, the pair,

garden ftieers, the dozen

for feamfters, the dozen

J-i

CA

e n f new, the pair

for fnearmcn, j9r

(old, the pair

Sheep (heers, the dozen

(. for taylors, the dozen

Sheaths for knives and forks, the.groce

Shot, the hundred weight

'Shruff, or old brass, the'hundred -weight, containing 11 libs. -

Shumark, the hundred wt. containing naJbs. free, if for dyersufe.

Orgazine ftlk, the lb. containing fifteen ounces

Silk, raw, not being of the growth or culture of any of his Majesty's colonies in America, for every pound weight, con-i taining twenty-four ounces.

j| j-Satin (ilk, tie pound, containing sixteen { ounces

] Silk nubs watte or hulks, the pound, coil- I *1 taining twenty-one ounces

Bricifh. Foreign. Countries.

£ J- '£ ' £ ' i-

- n — 3 1

2 —5 5

- 4 II - 8 J -9-

- 22 - 4 3 - 4 7

1; 3 3

- 7 - — 7 — - 7 4

- 7 7 8

t

- 19— 19— 2 I

- 2$ ai

- 11 I I - 3

r7 7 — 7

- > — a 10 - 3

-ai — 3

L a 8 - s 3 -

- 5 —9 - 9

- 2 2 — 4 3 - 4 7

- 1 5 — 2 10 - 31

9- 1 s - ' 7

- 1 .9 - -3 5 - 3

7 — I I — 1 a

- 1 7 - 3 - 3 s

- 6 4 — 6 4 - 7 5

- S_.1

- <9_ 1 I

-3V - 1 3;

j - 4 3 - 4 "

1 Sill-

The thirty-third Year of George III.

Schedule A. Ffom Great Britain. Britishi. Foreign, [ From other Countries.

INWARDS. (Thrown fillt, [undyee] the pound, con- £ * £ ' d- £ s- , L

tabling sixteen ounces Thrown (ilk, dyed, the pound, containing — 3 6 — 4 '

sixteen ounces — S 3 6 2

China danufic, the yard — ~ - 5 8 — 6 7

Cloth of gold, plain, the yard -S - 8 S —910

of filter, Wrought, the yard - 12 8 — 12 $ — H9

of tissue, the yard And further, if of the manufacture of 1 Great Britain, Persia, or the Fall Indies I z I I — 1 4 6

j an additional duty per yard of Otherwise, and not the manufacture of Great Britain, an additional duty for — 7 - 1 7

every pound weight thereof All lilies'wrought of the fabric or man-u* faflure of the East Indies, Italy, or any part or places whatsoever, the pound 4 4 — 4 4 —

weight, containing fifteen ounces Silk manufacture, not otherwise rated. - 7 II 4 12 — 4 129

L mixed withgold, (liver, or both, the pound ! S 3 593 5 13 s

tets for whitllers, the ficcet >i — — 1; -- If

'Buck, in the hair, the tin 3i -- 31 4

——, drest, the (kin - - 7 — v -- 8

Calf skins, raw, the dozen — , tanned, the dozen —9— ‘ 49- 4 10 — I 6

Cordovant, of Scotland, the dozen — 1 to

Dog-fish skins, for fletchers, the dozen 1— 4 4 — — s

Fox skins, drest, the dozen Goat skins, of Barb.iry, or the Fall conn- — 22 — 3 — 3 3r

try, in the hair, the dozen skins —.—,—t of England and Scotland, in t TO — 22

the hair, the dozen -; , tanned, the dozen , if raw and undressed, and im- 1 ported in British or Irish refills, navigated according -to law, free. —9-4.3 - 4-3 — 4 11

Huss Ikins, for flctchers, the (kin fin the hair, the loo, con- , __! 4 — — 1

Kid skins, ) ^ni«8 fi«. -/drefltd, the 10c, contain- *- 2 — 22 — 2 6

t ing five score - 4 3 — 4 3 — 4 II

Portugal skins, the doien — - 4 3 — 4 11

Seal skins, the (kin - 2 — — 2 — — 2

Shamois skins, the dozen - - 3 — — 3 — — 3 6

Sheep skins, in woo!, the (kin Spamlh, Seville, or Cordovant Ikins, the — I — — 1 — I

dozen - - i — 10 6 — 3

-Spruce skins, tawed, the dozen Vol. XVI. 6 C. 4 3 - 4 3 — 4 11 Smalts,

469

A.D. 1793. Chap. 4.

47°

A.D. 1794.

Chap. 4.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

Schedule A.

From Great Britain. Britishi. Fcieijrn.

From other Countries.

I N W A R D 5.

Sinalts, free.

Snuff,- the pound

Snuffers, not being lacquered or japanned, the-

cozen - —9

s Black, free.

v°dat 1 Castile, or ^en'ce» the Imndred wt.

'ocat'( containing j 12ibs.

Spades, for gardeners, the dozen

Spangles, of copper, the thousand

Spectacles, without cases, the grocc) containing twelve dozen -

| Spirits perfecUv made, and not exceeding Angle proof, the gallon

Brandy, geneva, and other foreign spirits perfectly made, and not exceeding Angle proof, the gallon

- , in foreign fi.ips

Rum, not of the Britishi plantations, the gallon

- , in foreign flops, the gallon

- , of the Britishi plantations, vide Schedule I).

And for every gallon of foreign spirits above the quality of Angle spirits, an additional duty for such.spirits to be paid in proportion to the duties payable for Angle spirits of the fame denomination, according to the comparative-degree of strength which such spirits shall bear to \ Angle spirits of the fame denomination.

And by 33 Geo. 2. cap. it). AH firub or cilia mixed spirits imported into this kingdom, jkall. he deemed and taken to be single /pit its or /pints Perftclly made, and pay duty asjtich.

‘Spoons of horn, the groce, containing twelve dozen -

Spunges, -vide drugs.

'Standiflies, Ofbrafs, the dozen -

-, of wood, the dozen

- , covered with leather, gilt, the

£ ' i- £ d: £:

piece

vocat. pocket standilhes, the do-

Starch, the hundred weight,‘Containing H2lbs.

Steel, wisp or long steel, the hundred weight containing Ii2lb3.

Stockings, of Aik, the pair

- , and for every.pound weight of Aik.

uot British manufacture 4

" 15.

- 4

2-— — 4

1

4 85 —

- 16 ZO

- 4

1-----3

XI-----46

- 4 :84i

- 484

- t Si I 4

- J

- 3

- 6 10

3

- 4

5 -t

~ J9

- S

S9

- x -85

- 16 --10

- 9>— i, s - x 7

- J

6 10

4 4 —

9

11

- 6

- 8 7

- 3 6

- 4 n

4 4 —

Stockings

%he t\irty-third 1rcar of George. III.

Schedule A.

From Gre.it Britain.

Brnillu

I N W A, R D St

Stockings for men or women, the L

f‘'*r " " ? I woollen

- for,children, the pr.ir J|

__________of* worded for men or wospen, thi

i,iir

- , for children, the pair

(Stone birds, or whifiles, the foiall grcce, containing twelve cozen

Blood ftqnes, the poijnd

Dog stones, the Iaft, containing three pail to the last

g j Emery stones, vide emery.

Flag done, the hundred feet

o Mill (tones, the piece.

W Pumice stones, videpomy.

Quern { IarSe*.the Iaft stones, J small, the last

[Slick stones, the 100, containing five score

Straw hats, vide bafts.

Sturgeon, the firkin

- , the keg

Succards, wet or dry, the pound

Sugar moulds or pots, the hundred, containing five score

Sugars, vide grocery and schedule G. D.

Sword blades, of Venice, Turkey, or fine blades, thedoiccn

-, coarse, of Flanders-making, the

dozen

British, vide blades.

Table books, coarse, the dozen

- *-----, fine, the dozen

Tables, f Playing tables, of waihfeot and all vocat. [ other forts, coarse, the pair

Tacks of iron, the thousand

Tallow, the hundred weight

Tar, small band, the last, -containing twelve barrels -

;-----4?

- s

J— I t,

- 64.

5 "

3 6

17 4

~ 3

- n 2

- 4

"49

- 3

Foreign.

2r,;7"

j— 4 1

- s,

;---4i

rr.: — io I I

- <5. 4

- O 5

- 1

2

|" T7

3

- 11

- 6 " 3

" 7

From ether Countries.

;----- At

" 2

- 7 io.

- II

~ I 3.

8 J

r- s 14

- 4,«,

- .8 5;

- 3

- 4;

- 6 10

- 3 5

- 8 S

h M -

- 4 3"

7961

in foreign ships

L.

barrels

Great band, the last, containing twelve

in foreign ships

Tarras, the barrel

Tea, green, for every pound weight thereof

- 5 3

- 8

- 6i

6 i»

V

4 7

2 4 4 7

1 7

- *i

3 10

5 3

5

89

—9

60 z

Tea,

The thirty-third Year of George III. Schedule A-.

From Great Britain. From ot'ier Britishi. Foreign, i Countries.

INWARDS.

Tea, black, fcohea, or other tea, for every pound weight thereof

- And if the same shall have been purchased at the Fall India company’s fiile in London fora higher price thafi four drillings per pound,' then a further additional duty of one penny, an'd one-twentieth part of a penny per pound weight for every sixpence 15ritish that shall be paid for the same over and above the sum-of four shillings British at such sale, the price thereof to be tnfefted in the cocket, and to be further ascertained by a reference to the sale books of the Fad India company.

Teazels, the thousand

Thimbles, the thousand -

(' Bridges thread, the dozen pounds

Crofbnw thread, the hundred pounds, containing five l’core

«Of*gold and (liver, vide gold.

> . Lyons or Paris thread, the bale, contaln-

ing one hundred bolts

J: j Outnal thread, the dozen pounds

; Piecing thread, the dozen pounds

Sifters thread, the pound

Whited brown thread, the dozen pounds

Tilcc, called pai>tiles, vide bricks.

Tinfoil, thegroce, containing twelve dozen

Tinglass, the hundred wt. containing uslbs.

Tinsel, ’with copper, the yard

- , with right of gold and fiiver, the yard

Tinlhore, the grocc, containing twelve dozen

Tobacco, of the produce of Great Britain, North America, or of the Britishi plantations, imported cither from Great Britain, or from the place of growth, 'per pound weight

——, and if Imported by strangers, 'or by any Isws’nowof force, be subject ’to aliens duty, thema fuliher duty per pound weight of

'Subject in both cases to inland duties of excise.

‘Tobacco ptpe§, the groce -

Tools, Vocat. carving tools, the grocc, containing twelve dozen

Toftoife (hell, the pound

Trays of wood, the (hock, containing sixty trays -

Treacle, Flanders-treacle, the barrel

£ > <* £ J- £ </

- 6

- 7

- 6 4

- S 5

> 7

- 2 10

- 6

- 3

- 4

:-----2-----2

I

- 12 '8

- V 6

14 —

i io

- 12 S

- 16 io 3 2

- 4

- i 2

I ’39ii

1.5 2

2 15

8 8

r,; 3

- 3 S 5 3

- 6 — i 2

- 8

- 4

- 16 io

- 9

- 4

- 2 iS

Treacle*

The thirty-third Year of George III. Schedule A.

INWARDS.

Treacle of jean, the pound

- , and further, for every hundred weight

thereof -

Trees of all forts, free.

Trowels, the dozen

Trumpets, vide brass.

Twist, for band firings, the dozen knots of gold or silver, the ounce

Tin, of Cornwall and Devonshire, unwrought the hundred weight, containing 112lbs*

- vocat. grain tin, free.

- , wrought, vocat. pewter, the hundred wt,

containing H2lbs.

Trenchers,white fort, common, the grocc, containing twelve dozen

- red, or painted, the grace, containing twelve dozen

Turpentine, oil or spirits, for every pound weight -

Vellum, for table books, the skin Velvet, the pound

Verditer, the hundred wt. containing ri2lbs.

Viols, the piece

Vice harps, the dozen

Vices for smiths, the vice

Vinegar, the ton Vizards, the dozen

Wax, the hundred weight, containing U2lbs.

- , vocat. hard wax, the pound

Weld or woold straw, the hundred weight, if for dyers use, free.

Whalebone, caught or cured by British or Irish subjects, the hundred weight

Fins of whales, taken and caught in any part of the ocean, by the crew of any ship or velTcJ, built in Great Britain, Ireland, or the isles of Guernsey, Jersey, or Man, wholly owned by his Majesty's subjects, usually residing therein effectively, are upon importation to be admitted to entry, and landed without payment of any duty whatever. Vide schedule D.

Whalebone, ntit British or Irish, caught and cured, the hundred weight

Whet-stones, the hundred ttones, containing five score -

Whip-cord, the pound*

Vol. xvr, <sd

British.

£~~I

i i

—9

4 3

8

- I I

1 —

2 10

- i

~ 3

- 9

ii 6

- a 7

- 3

-9

3 2

ge III.

rent Britain. From other

Foreign. Countries.

C- A £ '

- 2-| 21

1 I — I I —

- 1 8 — r to

- 2 2 - 4

- 1 5 - 1 7

- 3 5 — 910

3 — —6

- 2 6 — 29

- *— IJ

-—II ~ I 3

S 5 — S 8 6

- 2 10 — 34

- 2 10 — 3 1

6 6

- 5 — 7

6 7 I 6 8 10

- 5 ' - 5 6

I 1 2 8

3 4

9IC

'4 3" - 4' s

r- I 8 - — 2 —

- 2 - ' 2 Whittles,

' The thirtj-t bird' Year of George III.

Schedule A.

I N V A R D S. Whiftlec, cocks or bellows, the groce

cocks or birds of stone, the small grocc,

containing twelve dezen

Whiting, ihehundred weight

Woad> vocat. islands-or green woad, the ton, containing twenty hundred weight if for dyers use, free.

Woad, Tholcufe \vo2d, the Hundred wt. containing H2lbs.

if for dyers use, free.

f ("great, ^5e Hundred,-containing one Hundred and twenty balk

- , in foreign {hips

‘ Note, All great balks, of eight inches square, and upwards, are to be rated and pay as timber.

J2 Middle, under eight, and above five " inches square,the hundred"containing 120 balk

- , in foreign ships

From Great Britain.

Small, five inches and under, the Hundred, containing no balks

- in foreign ships

f Barrel, the 120 boards — , in-foreign ships Clap boards, the 120 boards —- in foreign ships

Pipe- boards, or^pipe-hoh, the 120 boards

- , in foreign ships

1—

Box wood, for combs, the thousand pieces

Brazil or Pernambuco wood, j yjjg

Brazillctto or Jamaica wood, I dule

Deals, Burgendorp, the hundred, containing fix'{core

- y in foreign {hips

lStitilb. j Foreign. C

£ d. £ ' . 1

-’f - S’- -

I 1 1 1 t-O u, H- TO - 35*

- 1 7'4

1 13 s 1 13 8

-n 7 - II 7

- 6 4 — 6 4

- 10 10 — 10 10

- 6 I — 6 s

- 22 —

- 3 6

- 3 6

From ocher ountries.

S. (1.

5 6 — u

" 3 4

T 17 1C

26.3

*3 4 16 10

7

8 s 10 11 11 1

6 4

6 10

2 6

3

4 1

14 6

in 6

- , Mibro and Norway, the hundred,

containing fix score

- " - , in foreign ships

- , Spruce, the hundred, containing fix

score -

- in foreign {hips

Ebony wood, the hundred weight, containing H2lbs.

- If of Africa, and imported from

thence or from Great Britain, unmanu-

1 factured, free.

- B S

5 3

-49

p 10

- 12 8

I95 I 17 I0_

-56

Fire

Wire, vocr.t. S3 Wood,

The ihiity-third Year of George III.

Schedule A,

INWARDS, f Fire wood, the fathom --—, in foreign {hips

Fustick,

Logwood,

_ ,_. . Vide schedule D.

Red or Guinea wood,

Speckled wood.

Mails, capravens, being boat marts of twelve inches circumference in the middle, the hundred, containing fix score

- , in foreign ships

—, for {hips, small, the mart - in foreign ships

- , middle, the mart:

- in foreign ships

- , great, the mart.

- in foreign ships

Oars, the hundred, containing fix score - in foreign ships

Spars, boom, the hundred, containing 120 — — , in foreign ships

small, the 100, containing fix score - in foreign ships

—, Cant, tile hundred, containing fix score

- , in foreign {hips

Staves, viz. barrel staves, pipe Haves, headings, or other staves for making calks, for every thousand, at fix score to the hundred -

Sweet wood of the West Indies, the hundred weight, containing H2lbs.

Timber, the ton or load, containing fifty feet

- , in foreign ships

Trunnels, the thousand

Wainfcots, the hundred, containing fix score

in foreign {hips

aol, of all forts, free.

Dagger and quartern wire, the pound

Iron wire, the hundred weight, containing . U2lbs.

- And further, (except British or

French) for every' one hundred pounds weight

6 D 2

From Great Britain. From other

liritifli. Foreign. Countries.

£ </ £. j. d. £ ' d-

- I I " I I - 1 3

- ' 7

r 7 - 7 a —9—

1 — n 7

r- 1 3 1 — 1 3 "

- 23 1 - 2 8 — 210

- <5 4 I|3 5 8 — 7 S

j- ‘8 4 — iS 4 I I

t — 4 u — 4 11 - 5 6

- 6 8

- 2 2 — 22 - 2 6

- 3

1 '3 3 1 >3 3 1 13 10

1 1 ij -

- 1 - 1 -i " I —}

- 19- «9— 2 6

I I — 1 J — 1 3

3 >3 6 3 ij tf 3 17 —

4 4 —

4$ St 91

- S 3 — 5 3 — 62

__ , 2 12 6 2 12 6

Latten

47J

A.D. 1793. Chap. 4.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

Schedule A.

From Great Britain. British. Foreign.

INWARDS.

fLattcn wire, the hundred weight, containing 11 albs.

Steel wire, the pound

Stralborough wire, the pound

Virginal wire, the pound

j Cable yarn, the hundred weight, containing 112lbs. -v

- , Camel or mohair yarn, the pound,

containing sixteen ounces

r the pound,

Cotton yarn, \

C6f Turkey, the pound -

Grogram yarn, the small pound, containing sixteen ounces —

£' Raw linen yarn, Dutch or French, the pound -

Seal yam, the pound -

Scotch yarn, the pound,

Spruce or Muscovy yarn, the hundred Wt. containing i i albs.

Woollen and bay yam, the hundredweight containing ii 2lbs. —

£. s. d.

io 6 o I __.a;

- 4 6

c. d.

—9

5

- 3?

- Ii

£ s. d.

7 —

- 3 io

I—

From oilier Countries.

- 3

(— 4 > 8 s

Mote. An additional duty of ftx.pounds per centum, to be paid on the full amount of the said duties, (except (ugars), if imported by retailers or consumers.

Schedule

The thirty-third Year of George III.

Schedule 13.

477

A.D. 1793.

Cinp. 4.

A Schedule of the Net Duties payable 011 certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated^ being the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of the French Dominions in Europe, imported directly from thence into this Kingdom, in any British or Iriflr built Ship or Vessel, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, or in any French built Ship or Vessel wholly owned by French Subjects, and whereof the Mailer and Three-fourths of the Mariners are also French Subjects; which Duties so paid are at due Exportation wholly drawn back within Three Years after Import, except Wines, upon which the Drawbacks in Schedules C and D are allowed.

Duty.

INWARDS WINES, fTF filled and 7 subjcci to aliens duty - 36 4 10 4

The ton con-\ J[ imported, J not subject to aliens duty - 35 o 4 4

taining 252 y If unfilled and subject to aliens duty - . 33 14 I 4

gallons. (. imported, 3 Il0t Subject to aliens - 32 12 0 12

And so in proportion for any greater or kfs quantity.

Deer, for every hundred pounds of the value thereof - 30 o o

And so in properti n for any printer or less value-— And upon every thirty-two gallons thereof a further duty of o 2 rt And so in proportion for rwy greater or ’efs quantity.

Cabinet ware, turnery, and musical iiHiruinems, for every one hundred pounds value thereof - - 10 0 o

And f.1 in proponkn for any greater or less v-lt c.

Articles nude of iron and Reel fiparaie’y or mheu, u . rU*d or mounted v.ith otly \ fubflanciR, such uri " - cv'v'<-- r j in their value two pound, fourteen shillings ai.>. wo p. 1. t; oh currency, t!:e hundred v.ei'V-', IV iW'-ry one h»; v . of the thei-rf - j a j

And so i:i pp for lit.:-: h'i. \ i:

Litlchs m.flo "f iron and Red, i.r or vot'wd

(: mounted ws:h ofh- . ..no . *. t*’.

two pounds tout uen fi.n-ifg'. and w- pu;:je i.-fa entr^r.'..,

VQL- XVI. *! li

The lijiriy-ihtrd Year of George III.

A.D.

’ 79> Chap. 4.

Schedule B.

Duty.

£. s. d.

INWARDS.

the hundred weigh?; and all buckles, buttons, knives, or seiffars, and all other articles of hardware or cutlery, and all articles made of copper or brass, separately or mixed, or worked or mounted with other substances, for every one hundred pounds of the value thereof

And so in proportion for any greater or Icfs value.

Manufactures of cotton, whether knit or wove, including hoficry, for every one hundred pounds of the value thereof And so in proportion for any greater orless value.

Woollen manufactures of all forts, whether knit or wove, including hofierv, for every one hundred pounds of the value thereof And so in proportion for any greater orless value.

Cnmbricks, viz.

- The elemi piece, not exceeding seven yards and three

quarters of a yard in length, and not exceeding seven-eighths of a yard in breadth, or not being above the value of two pounds fourteen shillings and twopence Irish currency And so in proportion for any greater quantity.

—The riemi piece of seven yards and three quarters in length, exceeding seven-eightlis of a yard in breadth, or being above the value of two pounds fourteen shillings and twopence Irish currency, for every one hundred pounds of the value of all such cambricks so imported in demi pieces

And so in proportion for any greater or Iefs value.

Lawns, viz.

——The demi piece not exceeding seven yards and three quarters of a yard in length, and not exceeding one yard and one quarter of a yard in breadth, or not being above the value of two pounds fourteen shillings and two pence Irish currency And so in proportion for any greater quantity.

- The demi piece of seven yards and three quarters of a yard in length, exceeding one yard and one quarter of a yard in bicadih, or being above the value of two pounds luinreen shillings and two pence Irish currency, for every one hundred pounds of the value of all such lawns so imported in demi pieces And so in proportion for any greater or less value.

Gauzes of nil forts, for every one hundred pounds of the value thereof -

And foin proportion for any greater orless value.

Porcelain, earthen ware, and pottery, for every one hundred pounds of the value thereof -

And so in proportion for any greater or less value.

Linen,

Damalk tabling, the yard

- j Damalk towelling and napkining, the yard

10 O o.

12 0 0

12 0 S

0 5 5

10 o 0

OSS

10 o p

IO 00

12 O O

0 O 10 Hf£ OO 3 IpiJ Liuen,

The thirty-third Year of George III. Schedule B.

INWARDS.

L’men,

- , Diaper tabling, the yard

——, Diaper towelling and napkining, the yard

_____—, Diaper napkins, the dozen

Linen, not otherwise enumerated or described, for each ell thereof Sail cloth, for every hundred pounds of the value thereof And so in proportion for any greater or lets value.

Plate glass, and glass ware, for every one hundred pounds of the value thereof

And so in proportion for any greater or less value.

Sadlery, for every one hundred pounds of the value thereof And so in proportion for any greater or less value.

Millinary made up of muslin, lawn, cambrick or gauze of any kind, or of any other article herein before mentioned, for every one hundred pounds of the value thereof And so in proportion for any greater or less value.

If any other article, not herein before mentioned, which may be legally imported into this kingdom, shall be used in such millinary, duties shall be paid thereon as low as are, or may be, payable on the like articles imported from any other foreign European nation.

r Xi' -07(J

o o 6 12}

o O A aI

0 3 3 M*

o o 4

rr o 3

12 o o

IS o

6E 2

Schedule

The thirty-third Year of George III.

Schedule C.

No. I. A Table of the Net Duties payable upon all Wines imported into this Kingdom, filled or unfilled, subject to Aliens Duty or otherwise, except Wines of France or the French Dominions in Europe.

No. II. A Table of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the due Exportation of Wines, except to the British Colonies or Plantations in America or the West Indies, or the British Settlements on the Coast of Africa.

No. III. A Table of the Net Duties payable on the Importation into this Kingdom of all Sugars, not being of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of the British Colonies or Plantations in America or the West Indies, or of the Manufacture of Great Britain, with the Drawbacks to be allowed on the due Exportation thereof.

Schedule C. No. I.

For every Ton of Wine imported,

Duties on Wines. If not subject to Aliens Duty. If subject to Aliens Duty.

Filled. Unfilled. Filled. Unfilled.

INWARDS. Portugal and Madeira wine. Spa-nidi ami Canary wine, and wine of alt ctlier the dominions of £. d.

Spain 12 4 8 20 14 — 23 ~ 2> 21 8 -

Rhenish wine AH other wines, except wines of France or the French dominions 29 7 10? 26 19 71 30 ip 4I 28 7 II;

in F.urope 29 18 4| 279 - 1 31 13 4' 20 - 7

Ncu—.*\n additional duty of fix p< unds//r centum to be paid on the full f‘

laid duties if imported by retailers ct consumers.

480

A.D. 1793. Chap. 4.

T’he thirty-third Year of George III. 481

A.D.

Schedule C. No. II. cl.?t

Drawbacks on every ton of wine-exported, except to the British plantations,

Drawbacks on Wines. t — Not having paid Aliens j Duty. Having paid Aliens Duty.

Filled. Unfilled. Filled. Unfilled.

OUTWARDS. £ s. d £ ' d. fx. £ d.

French wine 31 10 4} 199-I 31 i r 6 29 10 I

Spanish, Canary, and wines of the dominions of Spain, Portugal, and Madeira wine 17 4 8 16 4 — 16 6 10^ r5 s -

All other wines 239l°i 21 12 II 239IO» 21 12 U

Schedule C. No. III.

Duties and Drawbacks on Foreign

Sugars.

Duties,

Except front From Great. Great Britain, Britain,

I N W A R D S.

IMufcovado, the hundred weight containing iialb.

White, the hundred v.t. containing 112lbs. Refined, the hundred w>. containing I I2lbs,

£ d £ /. d

9Si r 7 3a

293t 2 5 3 i

5 6 10} 4 *7

Drawbacks.

OUTWARDS.; £ ' d

Muscovado, the hundred weight, containing 11 libs. i 1 7 3l

White, die hundred weight, containing inlbs. i 2 S 3J

Refined, the hundred weight, containing mlbs. l .4 7 8;

6 F

Schedule

_£li2 The thirty-third 2 ear cf Geor^ III,

A.D.

Schedule D.

No. I. A Table of the Net Duties payable upon the Importation into this Kingdom of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated, being the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of the British Plantations, whether imported directly from the said Plantations or from Great Britain, and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation thereof from this Kingdom.

No. II. A Table of the Net Duties payable upon the Exportation of Goods, Wares and Merchandize, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of this Kingdom therein enumerated, to the British Plantations in America or the West Indies.

No. III. A Table of the Duties to be paid per Gallon on the Exportation of Foreign Spirits to the British Plantations in America, or Settlements on the Coast of Africa, over and above the Duties paid on the Importation thereof.

No. IV. A Table of the Duties payable on the Exportation from this Kingdom of Beaver and Cotton Wool, being the Growth or Froduce of the British Plantations in America or the West Indies, and imported from thence.

]S'o. V. Tables of the Drawbacks on Callicoes, Mullins, Teas, and Wines, to be allowed on the due Exportation thereof to the British Colonies or Plantations in America or the West Indies, or the British Settlements on the Coast of Africa respectively.

Schedule D. No. I.

Duty on Imports- Duty onlir-porM-tion from Ame- tion from Great rica or the WeJ- Britain, and Indies. Drawback on

Exportation.

INWARDS. £. /. d. £. s. d.

{imported with proper certificates, free.|but on failure thereof, the hundred

weight - 251

Blubber, vide oil. Cochaneil, free.

Coffee,

The thirty-third Year of George III. Schedule D. No. I.

I N

Coffee, the pound

WARDS.

excise duty.

Copper ore, the hundred weight Furs, vide skins.

Groceries,

H2lbs.

Piamento, die pound

Rice, die hundred mlbs.

Gum Arabic or Gum Senega, the hundred weight Hemp and flax, free.

Hcmpfced and flaxfeed, free.

Cow or ox hides, tanned, the pound Elk, vide skins.

piece

tanned, the pound

Indian hides, undressed the piece Lofli hides, the pound

Raw or undressed, of (leers, cows, or other { except horses, mares or geldings, free.

Hops, the hundred weight

Indigo, free.

Iron, unwrought, vocat. Pig, or Bar iron, free.

Molasses, the hundred weight

"of Greenland and parts adjacent, taken by any shipping belonging to his Majesty's colonies or plantations, and imported in such shipping, the ton, containing 252 gallons

of Greenland and parts adjacent, taken by any shipping belonging to his Majesty's colonics or plantations, and imported in shipping belonging to Great Britain or Ireland, the ton, containing 252 gallons

of Newfoundland, and like fort, of British. or Irish lishing the ton containing 252 gallons

of Newfoundland, and like lbrt, taken by fi ipping belonging to any of h:s Majesty's colonies or plantations, and imported in such shipping, the ton, containing 252 gallons

] of Newfoundland, and like fort, taken by ft ipping 0 j belonging to any of his Majesty's colonies or j plantations, and imported in n ipping belonging I to Great Britain or Ireland, the ton, containing h 252 gallons -

6 F 2

IDutyonlmportalDutyonTmporta-

non from Amc- non from Great

rica or the Well Britain, and

Indies. Drawback on Exportation.

£ ' d. £ ' d.

9l 7A

- tl II — u 4?

- 3i 1 1 ta V

- 7 "j 6i — 7 uj

5?T -- 3;

- 1 3 i - 1

»oj

6 8 SJ 4 10 3

- 3 3 — 2 toi

- \(> 8,'j — 13

- >3 2? — N

> 3 7 iV t 5 tS

- U 4l — " —i

- 10 3,5 —9i ’

Pitch

The thirty-third Year of George III.

Schedule D. No. I.

Dut)’onImportr.-’DutycnImporta. tion from Ame- ionhomG. c.n ricuortficWeft Britain, and '

Indies. Drawback on

hxportaLoi'.

INWARDS.

Pitch and tar, the hit, containing 12 barrels, each bar-, rel not exceeding 3ii gallons

Rosin, the hundred weight -

Rum, vide spirits.

Sago powder, or vermicelli, free.

Silk, raw, imported with proper certificates, free.

f Armin or ermin skins, undressed, the timber, containing 40 skins -

Badger skins, undressed, the piece

Bear skins, white, undressed, the piece

Bear skins of any other colour, undressed, the piece -

Beaver skins, of the produce of his Majesty's dominions in America, for -every five score skins

Beaver wombs, the piece

Buck or deer skins, undressed, anil Buck! and deer skins, Indian half-dressed, > the skin - -j

Calabar skins, tawed, the timber, containing 40

skins -

Calabar skins, untawed or undressed, the timber containing 40 skins -

Calve skins, tanned, the pound

Cat skins, undressed, the hundred skins

Coney skins, the dozen

Deer skins, vide buck skins.

Dog fidi skins, undressed, the dozen

Dog skins, undressed, the piece

Elk lkins, the (kin

Ermin, vide armin.

Fisher skins, undressed, the piece

Fitches, undressed, the timber, containing 40 skins

Fox skins, black, undressed, the skin

Fox skins of all other forts, undressed, die (kin

Goat skins, tanned, the dozen

Goat skins, raw and undressed, free.

Hare lkins, undressed, the 120 skins

Huflc lkins, undressed, the (kin

Kid skins, dressed, the hundred, containing 5 fcorc -

Kid skins, in the hair, the hundred, containing I 5 fcorc -

- n 11

- 1 8,'

- 11 11

- 7iV

- ft 11

- 5 hi

—9—f

" 2 si

- i 11

- 4£

- 11 11

- 3i|

- 22

__ o 11

- 4I

" 1 St

- 3 ii*

2 19 7

- 43

I I 8

- 10 — r

6-1

8 A

- 10 ia

- 6[

- ro" 10

" 5 5

- 10 10

- 1 4*

- 3

2 M

7t

2

4l

- 114;. I°C >J.I

1 6 9l — 12 1!

1 — 10J — 6 9\

Lamb

The thirty-third T-ear-of George XU.

'Schedule I). No. I. Dutyonlmporta- tion from .-I:;.-, nca or the West Indies. Dutyonlmyorta* lion from (Juat Britain, ai»d Oiaub.ick on {ixportatii'ti.

1 N A R n s. £ 4. 4.

of Lamb fldns, undressed, in the wool, the 120 1 Lamb skins, dressed in allura, the hundred, con- — 2 llj - 2 Si

taming 5 score Lamb flans, dressed. in oil, the hundred, con- "h- 0 lj~V 1 — <i -34

tattling 5 score 2 3 1 3 5r

Slink lamb skins, undressed, in the wool, the 120 - 31 — I 4i‘

Leopard fldns, undressed, the piece 7 Stt - 9k

Lion Ikins, undressed, the piece- Martine or matrons, undressed, the timber, con- — a u.i — 2 Si

tabling 40 fldns 2 19 7 2 14 2

Martins or matrons tails, undressed, the 120 Mink Ikins, tawed, the timber, containing 40 — 11 11 — 10 13

skins - Mink fldns, untawed or undressed, the timber 1 3 10 1 t a

containing 40 fldns — r7 io-}- — 16 3

Mole fldns, undressed, the dozen —. 11

Moose {kin-;, undiefied, the piece — ill} — -2 8}

Mufquafli fldns, undressed, the hundred Ikins — '14 lo* — '3 6;

g Ot‘cr fldns, -undressed, the piece — 1 6pj — 1 4;

Ounce ikins, uncivdTed, the piece " 3 9i — 3 d]

a ' Panther skins, undressed, the piece — S — 5 5

-3 Pelts of goats, dressed, the dozen — 2 I 1^ — 2 8!

c Pelts of goats, undressed, the dozen " 1 54 — I 4f

-cc Pelts of all other forts, undressed, the hundred — 8 11 i — y it

Racoon skins, undressed, the Iwndrcdfldns Sables, undressed, the timber, containing 40 — 14 'o-J — '3 6i

Ikins - - 8 ,898 2 6

Sables tails, or tips offable, undressed, the piece Seal skins, free. 7 Act

Sheep skins, undressed, in the wool, the dozen 10r — 01.

Sheep fldns,-dressed in oil, the dozen - 5 I— 2 s;-

| Sheep skins, otherwise dressed, the dozen j Squirrel skins, undressed, vide Calabar skins. ___ 0 t — i <;!

Swan Ikins, undressed, the piece 11 ii 10$

Tyger skins, undressed, the piece — 2 III — 2 8 5

Weazel skins, undressed, the 120 — 11 }i 1 lO-

Wolf fldns, tawed, the piece — 8 11J |- 8 it

"Wolf ikins, unta-.ved or undressed, the piece — 6 lof ! — 6 2;

fWolverings, undressed, the (kin ‘ VoL. XVI. 6 G — 3 94 j— 3 Ai Spirit*,

4«5

A. U.

l^y.v Cl);:p. if.

The thirty-third Year of' George III. ' Schedule 'D. No. I.

INWARDS.

Spiritt, rum or other spirits, the gallon

And for every gallon of foreign spirits above the quality of Angle spirits, an additional duty for such spirits, to be paid in proportion to the duties payable for Angle spirits, according to the . comparative degree of streqgth which such spirits shall bear to Angle spirits of like denomination.

p Muscovado, the hundred weight, containing

e, I mlbs.

Sugars, I

vocat. /"White, the hundred wt. containing i i2lb$.

Refined, the hundred wt. containing ii2lbs.

Sugars, not bring the growth of the ’Britishi plantations, or of the manufacture of Great Britain, vide schedule C.

Bounties on export of fugnrs refined irithis kipg-dom, vide schedule G.

Tar, vide pitch.

Tin, unwroaght, free.

’ Tobacco, vide schedule'A.

Turpentine, the hundred weight

fOf Britishi or Irish fiO-ing, imported in flaps be- I longing to any of his Majesty's colonics or .5|plantations, the ton, containing twenty hundred

J wci8Ist

fs j Of British or Irish fishing, imported in shipping be- I longing to Great Britain or Ireland, the tou, L containing twenty hundred weight

<5 inches in diameter, and under 8 inches,: die mail

8 inches in diameter, and under 12 inches, the mad

8

12 inches in diameter, and upwards, - the - mad -

LYards and bowsprits to pay as masts

Brazil, or Pernambuco wood, the hundred wt.

Brazillatio or Jamaica wood, the hundred wt.

Fustick, the hundred weight

Logwood, the hundred weight

Nicaragua wood, the hundred weight

Red or Guinea wood, the hundred weight

Wood, not otherwise rated, the hundred-wt.

But if for dyers use, and regularly imported, i tered and landed, free.

All wood for dyers use, imported from any pi: , L whatsoever, free.

Duty onlmpcrta - Duty onTniporis-ti»ni from Ame-' tion from Great rica or ihcWcft Britain, and Indies. Drawback on Exportation.

£. d. /; - d.

- 3 n — 3 7:

id 3 — id ,j

i n j l ll :j

:j 6 io} J d. 10;

- = Si I -yr

j '219 7 112 6

»9S>2 — Id 3

- I 2t — I I

- 3 7i — 3 4tt

- .7_6 87

- 6 3} —

I W 0 —

io£ —

- 11 II —

- i 5> —

- 3 —

- > 9j 'Sjpin

Wool- "sVood, voc.it.

*The thirty-third If ear o^ George'HI. 487

Schedule D. No. I.

INWARDS.

"Sapan wood, mahogany, or other v/ood, the product of any part of America or the West Indies, free.

! Wood plank; wrought timber, except mails; yards, I or how fprits, unwrought timber ot tomber* the growth or product of America, or the West Indies, and-imported directly from'Alienee,-or|from Great Britain, free.

Specklo-wood,of the.grmvth of Africa; which shall be imported from thence,' for every hundred weighrthereof

- and if imported from Great Britain

f*Bcaver, free.

j——cat, and-combed, the pound (-Cotton free.

Dutyonlmporta-tion from Ame* rica or the Well indies. DutyohlnipOrM-tion from Great Britain, sad Drawback on. £xportatio».

£ ' i- £ -

- 4 Pit

- 4 Jtt

- 17 ioi

A.D. 1793. Chap. 4.

- Schedule D. No. II.

o u T -w A ‘-R D s. Allum, the hundred weight, containing H2lbs. :'I;ur, called grey rabbit fur or coney hair, the pound ' Glue, the hundred weight, containing- n albs.

DU?r.

£. s. J.

- —

- ' 10

'Hides, calf stems, kip Ikins, tanned or tawed, and not dressed in oil, and sheep skins tanned for gloves or hat I, the hundred weight

6 I-’-

: Hides, dressed-in oil, the hundred weight Hops, the hundred weight, containing i12lbs-'the ton

1 3; 1 6 6

ordnance, the hundred weight, containing nalbs.

1 —

' oldiron, the ton

anvils, the hundred weight, containing mlbs.

2 wrought, viz.—adzes, axes, hatchets, armour bit6, knives, ~ij locks, fowling pieces, muskets, pistols, feiffars, stirrups, all carpenters and gravers tools, jack work, clock work, I and all ironmongers wares, perfectly manufactured, the hundred weight, containing ualbe.

-Lna.Is of ail forts, the hundred weight, containing mlbs.

6 -8 — 6

?Kids

1

6*G.2

V488 'The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D. 1793.

Chap. 4. Schedule D. No. IT.

O U T W A U D S.

Kids hair, for every 20s. value thereof on oath Lapis calaminaris, the ton

Lead, call or uncaft the fodder, containing twenty hundred wt. Lead ore, the ton -

Litharge of lead, the hundred weight, containing ualbs. Logwood free.

Parchment, the dozen

‘Calf Ikins, dressed in oil, the hundred weight

5

52

co

Black coney Ikins, with or without silver hair, for every fix score ikins -

Goat Ikins, tawed, the hundred, containing fix fcorc Ikins

Goal Ikins, tanned with T for every fix score skins fumade, to ufemblej-

Spailish leather, 3 for every pound weight; -

"the hundred, containing fix score

ftawed, and not-tanned or dressed in oil, the hun-

- [ dred weight

i tanned for gloves or basil, the hundred weight _<« LdrcfiVd in oil, the hundred weight

52 S .10 j

G.

i> ' V JZ

rawed, am} not tanned or dressed in oil, the hundred weight -

tanned for roans, and not dressed in oil, the hundred weight -

w ^dressed in oil, the hundred weight

Pelts, the hundred containing five score

All pieces or parts of skins, tawed or tanned, amf not dressed in oil, for every 20s. value thereof on oath

All pieces or parts of ikins, dressed in oil, for every 20s. value thereof on oath -

(And betides,1 the hundred weight £. r Hard, the hundred weight, containing nalbs.

w C the barrel -

"Wool cards,

new the dozen old the dozen

Woollen cloth, white, called broad doth, the piece

And also the several goods ami merchandizes enumerated in sche-dulc F. (and not in this schedule D. No. II.) are to pay duty respectively as therein mentioned.

£ '

- 2 2

- 2 ‘

i 7i

i 8 —I

- 2 10j I t 8

- la —

- 4 2:

- Sr

- 10 11

- 5 3.

- 7 St

- r r 2 i

- 3 7r

- 3

- 6 2-}

- 6 - s >>:

Schedule

The thirty-third Year of George III. 489

Schedule D. No. III. A.D. 1793. Durr. Chap. 4

OUTWARDS. £ ' d.

For every gallon of Angle rum or spirits of the produce of the British colonics or plantations — 10 ;j-

For every gallon of Angle brandy, or geneva, or foreign rum 5.1

For every gallon of cordial water, strong water, or other spirits, Angle - s/r

For every gallon of rum or spirits, of the British colonies or plantations, above proof, so much in addition to the duties paid on import as will amount in the whole to - — 7 '

For every gallon of brandy, geneva or foreign rum above proof, so much in addition to the duties paid on import as will amount in the whole to — 8 to J

For every gallon of cordial water, strong water, or other spirits above proof, so much in addition to the duties paid on import as will amount in the whole to Schedule D. No. IV. —9—V

OUTWARDS. £ ' d.

Cotton wool, of the growth or produce of America or the West Indies exported from this kingdom in any other than British or Irish shipping, navigated according to law, for every tool, the value thereof And so in proportion for any greater or less value. JI9 J

Beaver wool or wombs imported from the British colonies or plantations in America exported from this kingdom, for every live score pounds weight thereof - And so in proportion for any greater or left quantity.90 6}

490

The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D. 1793. Chap. 4-

Schedule D. No. V.

DRAWBACKS.

£ '

"The whole duties paid on importation of callicoes and muf-lins to be drawn back on due export to any British settlement on the couft of Africa, within three years after import thereof

But if exported without being printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain, there (1 all be paid over and above the import duties for every tool, value thereof

n

e

C3

A

T3

o

o

o

According to the gross price at which such goods shall have been publickly sold at the Ball India company’s Tales, and so in proportion for any greater or less value-

If exported to any Britishi plantation in America or the West Indies, without being printed as aforesaid, so much of the import duties shall be retained upon every tool, value thereof as shall amount to

<3

O

According to the gross price ascertained as aforesaid, and so in proportion for any greater or lef9 value.

But if painted as aforesaid, and exported to the British plan* tations in America or the West Indies as aforesaid, so much of the import duties shall be retained upon every tool, va* lue thereof as shall amount to

According to the gross price ascertained as aforesaid, and so in proportion for any greater or less value.

2

3

1

2 19 7

5 2 n

'The whole duty paid on importation of teas shall be drawn back on due exportation to any Britishi colony or plantation in America or the West Indies, within three years after importation thereof.

If exported to any Britishi settlement on the coast of Africa, so much of the import duties shall be retained upon every 100l. value thereof as shall amount to

According to the gross price at which such teas shall have been publickly sold at the Eall-India company’s sales, ami so in proportion for any greater or less value.

If the duties paid on the import of such teas do not amount to 13I, jos. iod. for every such tool, value, the exporter shall pay a duty, which with the duties paid on import shall amount to the said sum of J3I, 10s. iod. for every such tool, value

13 10 10

4

6

Drawbacks

The thirty-third Year of George III. 491

A.D. 1793.

Drawbacks on every Tun of Wine exported to the British Colonies oi* Plantations in America or the West Indies.

Having been imported in Britishi or Irish Shipping. Having been imported in Foreign Shipping.

Filled. Unfilled. Filled. Unfilled.

OUTWARDS. £ / d., £ £ J- d- J5 £ d-

French Wine 31 4 (S 4 28 16 2 12 27 18 — 4 IS 7 3 4

Rhenifti, Germany or Hun-gary wine - 1; 12 — I4r 23 39Jar 22 12 6 14^ 20 r 1 pir

Portugal or Madeira Wine, Spanish and Canary wine, and all other wines of the dominions oi Spain 19 4 I 6f 18 3 5 fi| '79rj (S96*

All other wines 1 27 7 10 i.V2'4 18 '6 —If j2<S 2 its 2393 *9r<

6 Ha

Drawbacks

The thirty-third Year of George III.

492 A.D.

Drawbacks on every Tun of Wine exported to the British Settlements on the Coast of Africa.

Having been imported in British or Irish Shipping. Having been imported in Foreign Shipping.

Filled. Unfilled. Filled. Unfilled.

OUTWARDS £ / 1, £ d- -.0 £ s' d. iS C- '

French Wine 16 13 7 >4 14 s 4 2 >3 7 1 14 10 16 4 14

Rhenish, Germany or Hun-gary wine - II I 2 Af 8 12 10 ljj*7 8 1 8 4f S» 1 «ShV

Portugal and Ma-deira Wine, Spanish and 'Canary whej and all other wines of the dominions of Spain 0 - 26} 896 61 8 -j 1 - 6 2 10 6}

All other wines 7 13 n 1 *V'J 4 <5 ‘9h S 1683 i/j 3 ’5 4 i<$

Schedule

The thirty-third Year of George III. Schedule E-

491

A.D. 1793.

Chap.:4.-

A Table of the Duties payable upon the Importation into this Kingdom oi all such Goods, Wares 'and Merchandizes, as are not particularlyenumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty in the preceding Schedules At B, C, and D, and not by any Law prohibited to be imported into this Kingdom or exempted from Duty.

Schedule E. From Gre British. at Britain. Foreign.

& £ s- A-

All apparel, artificial flowers, millinery warcc, fans, chip hats, wrought ivory, prims ami pictures, furs, all gilt, painted, bronzed and enamelled wares, threads, lubcrdafhery, hardware, toys, laces of thread, cotton, worded or silk, pickles and groceries of all kinds, except sugars, orange juice, not being for dyers use, tape, foreign linens, and all manufactures of flax and hemp, excepting articles being of the growth, produce or manufacture of France or the French dominions in Europe, imported as specified in the title to schedule B, for every hundred pounds value upon oath - - ro 10 — 21 -

And for every square yard of foreign linen a further duty of -

All callicoes plain, and muslins worked or figured, but not printed or stained, not being of the manufacture of France or

French dominions in Europe, imported as specified in the title to fcBedule B, for every

hundred pounds value by declaration 10 10 —

And for every yard of such callico, a further duty of 6;

And for every square yard of such mufltn, a further duty of --

All muslins, being worked or figured, but not printed or ihined, mmals and all other stuffs or manufactures of cotton, or of cotton and linen mined, whether plain, printed or Ihiited, crccpt of the manufacture of Great Britain, France nr the French dominions in Europe, imported as specified in the title to schedule B, for every hundred pounds -value upon oath ... 10 10 —

And for every square yard thereof a further duty of - I 7

All china, earthen, japanned or lacquered ware, and all drugs, except for dyers use, for every hundred pounds value upon . oath - 15 ij — 26 5 —

From'.

other

22 15 —

6 I

1: 5 —

> 7

28-----

Schedule

!The ilArtj-t.iaa sc,i oj George III.

-.49.4-A.D. 1793. Chap. 4.

Schedule E.

Schedule E. From Great Britain. Britishi. Foreign. 1 From other Countries.

All dice imported, for every hundred pounds £. a. d. £ < d. [, d.

value upon oath 10 10 — 2 I— — 22 15 —

And for every pair thereof a further duty of All foreign ghfs, except of the manufacture of France or the French dominions in Europe, imported as specified in the title tc Schedule B, for every hundred pounds va - S 3 - 5 3 -; 3

lue upon oath - Provisions of all forts, not being groceries, including peas, potatoes, &c. for every hundred pounds value upon oath Paper of all kinds, for every hundred pounds 60 60 -

s J — :5 S — 7 —

value upon oath And for every ream thereof, not of the manu- 10 to 10 to «—. IS 5 -

faClure of Great Britain, a further duty of Plate of gold and silver, for every hundrec — i r — I I

pounds value upon oath And for every ounce troy weight, of gold 01 10 10 — 10 10 *— 12 5

silver plate imported, a further duty of AH other goods, wares and merchandizes what? ever, not being particularly enumerated 01 described, or otherwise charged with a duty, for every hundred pounds of the value there- 6* 6i fit

of upon.oath - -10 10 — no 10 — is 5 —

Schedule

The thirty-third Year of George III.

Schedule F.

495

A.D. 1793. Chap. 4.

A Schedule of the Net Duties payable upon the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated, being of the Growth, Product or Manufacture of this Kingdom.

Doty.

OUTWARDS.

A flies of Irish wood,* the lad, containing twelve barrels —of all other forts, for every 20s. value on oath

Bacon, the flitch -

- not in flitches, for every 2 os. value on oath

*2 f the barrel -

(thecarcafe -

Bones vocat. ox bones, the thousand -

- not manufactured, for every 20s. value on oath Butter, good or bad, the hundred weight, containing U2lbs.

Calves valves, for every 20s. value on oath

Calve ikins, the dozen, undressed or dressed, not exceeding thirty-six pounds weight -

Calve fleins, the dozen, exceeding thirty-six pounds weight, for every 20s. value on oath -

Cheese, the hundred weight, containing mlbs.

Coney hair or wool, black or white, the pound

Fur called rabbits fur, grey the pound Furriers waste, for every tos. value on oath

Geldings or nags, vide Kories.

Graves, or grease, the hundred weight Guts vocat. ox guts, the barrel -

- of other animals, for the value of every 20s. on oath

Hams, for every 20s. value on oath -

Hearts and flrirts, for every 20$. value on oath

f Harts hair, the hundred weight, containing 1 t2lbs.

*|Horse hair, the hundred weight, containing 112lbs. o I

<| Human hair, for every 20s. value on oath

jj j Kids hair, the hundred weight, containing mlbs.

LOx or cow hair, the hundred weight, containing mlbs. Hartfliorn, the hundred weight, containing nibs.

Hemp feed, the quarter, containing eight bushels

f Raw and untanned, into Great Britain, the hide

Hides,

j Raw and nntanned, to any place except Great Britain, C the hide -

6 I

j. d.

( ft 1 —

1 — 1 —

' 4

1 —

- 6

- n

1 —

- 0 - 11 -2>

J*

- 7;

- i 6

- ll

Schedule

r.4.9,4-

A.D. 1793., Chap. 4.

The shirty-lLua 1 sc,7 oj George III.

Schedule E.

Schedule E. From Great Britain. Bvitifli. Foreign. 1 From other Countries.

AH dice imported, for every hundred pounds value upon oath £ ' d. 10 10 — 1 «» . 1 £ £ 0 1 22 IJ —

And for every pair thereof a: further duty of - 5 3 - -S 3 -; 3

All foreign glass, except of the manufacture of France or the French dominions in Europe, imported as specified in the title tc Schedule B, for every hundred pounds va lue upon oath - - (JO 6q

Provisions of all forts, not being groceries, including peas, potatoes, &c. for every hundred pounds value upon oath S S~ S 5 — 7 —

Paper of all kinds, for every hundred pounds value upon oath 10 10 — 10 10 — . 12; -

And for every ream thereof, not of the manufacture of Great Britain, a further duty of . — I I — I I

Plate of gold and silver, for every hundred pounds value upon oath 10 10 —- 10 10 — 12; -

And for every ounce troy weight, of gold or silver plate imported, a further duty of 6i 6f fit

All other goods, wares and merchandizes what? ever, not being particularly enumerated oi described, or otherwise charged with a duty, for every hundred pounds of the value thereof upon, oath - 10 10 — IdO 10 — 12 5 -

Schedule

The thirty-third Year of George III.

Schedule F.

495 A.D. 1793. Chap. 4.

A Schedule of the Net Duties payable upon. the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated, being of the Growth, Product or Manufacture of this Kingdom.

Doty.

OUTWARDS.

A files of Irish woody the last, containing twelve barrels

—jof all other forts, for every 20s. value on oath

Bacon, the flitch -

- not in flitches, for every 20s. value on oath *2 ( the barrel -

W (the carcase

Bones vocat. ox bones, the thousand

not manufactured, for every 20s. value on oath Butter, good or bad, the hundred weight, containing mlbs.

\ — 1 8

I —

- 4

- ts

Calves valves, for every 20s. value on oath

Calve flvins, the dozen, undressed or drafted, not exceeding thirty-six pounds weight -

Calve fitins, the dozen, exceeding thirty-six pounds weight, for every 20$. value on oath

Cheese, the hundred weight, containing i nibs.

Goney hair or wool, black or white, the pound

- 7t

r —

- 6

- 7i

Fur called rabbits fur, grey the pound Furriers waste, for every 20s. value on oath

2>

Geldings or nags, vide horses.

Graves, or grease, the hundred weight

Guts vocat. ox guts, the barrel

—of other animals, for the value of every 20s. on oath Hams, for every 20s. value on oath ... Hearts and Ikirts, for every 20s. value on -oath

f Harts hair, the hundred weight, containing H2lb$.

« j Horse hair, the hundred weight, containing H2ibs.

Human hair, for every 20s. value on oath

jj j Kids hair, the hundred weight, containing mlbs.

I0x or cow hair, the hundred weight, containing U2lbs. Hartfiiorn, the hundred weight, containing 11 slbs.

Hemp feed, the quarter, containing eight tufiiels

f Raw and untanned, into Great Britain, the hide Hides, A £aw an^ any place except Great Britain,

I the hide -

x{

1 —

1 —

- 7;

- 1 6

- 31

6 la

Schedule

The thirty-third Year of George III. Schedule F.

OUTWARDS.

Hogs, or pigs, the piece

- lard, the hundred weight

Of bucks, the l-undred

j. Goats horns, the’hundred weight, containing 11 alb.

Ox horns, the thousand -

j Of rams, the thousand

g Of sheep, the thousand jg Stags Korns, the hundred -

Tips of horns, the thousand

[Horn {havings, for every 20s. value on oath

/-Horses, mares, geldings or nags, into Great Bri-Horses, vocat. J tain> 01 any plantation, the piece

I — - ———* into foreign

parts the piece

Horses hoofs, for every 20s. value on oath Linen JCloth, ^axen or hempen, free.

*-Rags, or flireds, the ton-Linseed, or ilaxfeed the quarter, containing eight bushels

Manures, vide fonp boiler’s waste.

Oxen, cows or (leers, the head

Oysters, in pickle the finall barrel.

Pigs heads, for every 20s. value on oath Pork the barrel -

Provisions of all forts, not herein enumerated or described, for every 20$. value on oath -

'Rape*feed, the quarter, containing eight bushels

Sheep, into England, the score

fBadger fleins, the piece

Cat skins, the hundred

Calf skins, vide calve skins.

Deer skins, the piece -

Dog skins, the dozen

Fox fltins, the jnece

Goat skins, the hundred, containing fix score Hare skins, the piece -

' 1 U

'15,

W

Kid skins, dressed or undressed, the hundred, containing fix score

Kips and runners, for every 20s. value on oath. -

Lamb.skins, dressed or undressed, the hundred, containing fix, score -

Jfcte, lamb skins, and wool of lamb Pins % tnny. befepcrately exported to Great Britainj and ho' lamb jkuist whether Jlink or jlaugklered} from width the wool Jbail hot have been taken off) pall be exported

from

3

The thirty-third Year of George III.

Schedule F.

OUTWARDS.'

from this kinchin, t: any place lwhntfoiVit\ tnuhr penalty o/shf:r-feiture them/*

Matteon Ikins, the piece

/ raw, the piece

of Otter, J tawed the piece -

k wombs, the mantle >.

fblaclc, with silver hair or without, the hundred, con-5|taming one hundred and twenty

(" seasoned, the hundred, containing fix fcorc

grey, i stag, the hundred, containing fix fcorc

Mawed, the hundred, containing fix fcorc

"rt 1 tawed, or dyed into colours, the hundred, containing w L one hundred and twenty

Sheep skins, t nved with the wool on, the hundred, contain-taing fix score -

Pelts, drest or undreft, without the wool, the hundred, containing fix score -

Sheep skins with the wool, the hundred, containing fix fcorc

Squirrel skins, the thousand

Stag skins, the piece -

Swan skins, the piece -

Wolf skins, the piece

- , tawed the piece

Slugs of horns, for every 20s. value on oath

Soap boilers waste and all other manure, (except lime) the ton

Tallow, the hundredweight, containing ttalbs.

Tanners waste, for every 20s. value on oath

Tongues, called neats tongues, the dozen

Tripes, for every 20s. value on oath

Tin unwrought, the hundred weight containing mlbs.

Wax, the hundred weight, containing nibs.

Weld, the hundred v,-eight, containing mlbs--c f the ton -

£ ln«s, 1

ran).

the hundred, containing five score

J for every pack of statutable Linen yarn, containing four £ hundred pounds weight, at fix score to the hundred

Dctv.

f. s. I

- 6

4 I

10

- 10 —

- I d

- 7 4

<5h

Schedule

The thirty-third Year of George III.

408

A.D. 1793.

Chap. 4.

Schedule G.

A Schedule of Bounties and Allowances for encouraging certain Manufactures of this Kingdom, to be paid on due Exportation thereof, according to the Conditions and Regulations therein mentioned.

Schedule G.

Bounty.

OUTWARDS.

I bfa

« °J!'S‘S ° S

S-5 £ e-S

g £ (« *3

n a 0 ~~ V

|«E.a?^S

j» a rt *s

r.SE;

0 v -a c'T ,s ^ —r o

5<,5,.g.VS

E

« G, C2 ft. U

I" For every yard thereof, under the value of $d* which shall be exported from this kingdom to Africa, America, Spain, Portugal, Gibraltar or Minorca

For every yard thereof, of the value of yd. and under the value of 6-'d. which shall be exported to any of the places aforesaid

For every yard thereof, of the value of 6;d. and not exceeding is. 7^d. in value which (halt be exported to any of the winces afore-fairs -

And so in proportion for any greater or lets quantity.

The value of all such linens, callicoes and cottons, if printed, painted, Rained, lhimped or dyed, or of such cottons mixed with linen, whereupon they are to be respectively entitled to the bounties aforesaid; to be deemed their value when in a plain [Late, and exclusive of such painting, Raining, Ramping or dying.

Note—-kentings and all fahricks made of linen or hempen yarn only to-be deemed and considered as linen.

All manufactures of linen, chequed or striped, with any other material than linen pm, of the breadth of twenty-five inches, or more, and of the value of 7d. the yard, and not exceeding is. y^d. in value, which shall be exported to any of the places aforesaid, for every yard thereof

And so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

Where any of the aforesaid linens shall not.be of the breadth of twenty-five inches they shall be entitled to and receive the bounty after the rates aforesaid, deeming every nine hundred square inches equal to one yard of twenty-five inches breadth or upwards.

All manufactures of diapets, huckabacks, (heetings, or linens, upwards of one yard in ’breadth, and not exceeding is. 7|d. the fyuare yard, which shall be exported to any of the places afore-fjd for every square yard thereof And so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

£ '

90 Oi

o o 1

G O G

O O ©£

AH

1

The thirty-third Year of George III.

Schedule G.

o u t ward s.

jij niamiur's of sail cloth or- canvas fit for or made into f.iilr., which fit all be exported to any place, except Great Britain, prance or the French dominions in Kurope, for every three ells

thereof -

And so in proportion'for any greater or less quantity.

j> 2 ,f Ribbons and ftufls made of silk only, for every pound 2-g j weight avoirdupois

Silks, and ribbons made of silk mixed with gold or silver, for every pound weight avoirdupois

Silk dockings, gloves, fringes and laces, and ditching or sewing-silk, for every pound weight avoirdupois

Stuffs made of silk and grogram yarn, mixed, for every pound weight avoirdupois -

u

P1

ui

b

= 0

Stuffs made of silk and worsted, mixed, for every pound weight avoirdupois -

g*|Stuffs made of silk mixed with inkle or cotton, the pound weight -

"For every hundred weight of sugar containing one hundred 5 and twelve futtle pounds,'refined in this kingdom, and o exported to any place -

- Such sugars to be exported in the loaf complete and whole, being net, that is to say, of one uniform whiteness throughout, and which shall have gone through the operation of two or more clays since it was last in the pan, and thoroughly and properly dried in the stove.

For every hundred weight, containing one hundred and") twelve futtle pounds of refined sugar called bastard, and of all ground* powdered refined sugar, and all refined loaf sugar broken in pieces,

The said sugar having been twice clayed and properly dried. f

For every hundred weight of refined sugar called candy, containing one hundred and twelve futtle pounds, pro- . perly refined and manufactured,- and freed from dirt I

L and feum J

Refined sugars called lumps, being in loaves, having gone through the operation of three clays, and properly dried although wanting the final! ends or tips, shall be deemed complete.

Bo UNIT.

4

o oS

o 6

- 16

I

d It

Schedule

The shirty-ikird Year of George III.

5°°

A.D. 1793. Chap. 4.

Schedule H.

A Schedule of Inland Duties of Excise for and upon the several Articles therein mentioned.

INLAND DUTIES.

BEER,

c-

For and upon every thirty-two gallons of beer or ale brewed within this kingdom by any common brewer, or in his vessels, or by any other person who doth or shall fell or tap out any beer or ale publickly or privately, to be paid by the common brewer, or by such other person or persons respectively as shall brew, fell, or tap out the fame,

If above the price of six shillings the barrel, - - 0 2 0’

If the price of six shillings the barrel or under - - 0 09

And so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

CARDS and DICE.

For and upon every pack of printed, painted, or playing cards, made, manufactured, or vended in this kingdom - o t o

For and upon every pair of dice, made, manufactured or vended in this kingdom - 0 5 o

COACHES and CHAISES.

For and upon every coach, chariot, berlin, calaflt or chaise with four wheels, which any person shall have in his or her possession at any time between the 25th day of March 1793* and the 25th day of March 1794 - 4 11 c

For and upon every chaise with two wheels which any person shall keep in his or her pofiession at any time between the 25th day of March 1793, and the 251th day of March 1794 - - 0 16 3

Stage coaches, hackney coaches and chaises, and coaches, chaises and other carriages kept by the makers for sale, and cabriolets and garden chairs, excepted.

COFFEE.

For and upon every pound weight of coffee which shall be consumed in this kingdom, to be paid by the person or persons buying the fame from the importer thereof - - 000

LICENSES.

For and upon every license to any person to manufacture tobacco m any manner, or to deal in uiitnanufactured tobacco, except as a whose-sale importer only, or a xvholcfale merchant only - -800

And a further duty after the rate of £ 4. for and upon every tobacco table exceeding one table, ami not exceeding four tables, which any person manufacturing tobacco shall be licensud to keep.

For and upon every license to any person to deal in immanufactured to-lucco as a whalcfalc merchant, not being the importer thereof 1 0 0

For

iTlx thirty-third Year of George III.

Schedule H.

INLAND DUTIES.

LICENSES.

£. i. J.

Tor and upon every license to any person to fell by retail, or otherwise deal in coffee, in any city or town corporate, except importers thereof, or persons licensed to fell tea or groceries - -too

For and upon every license to any person to fell by retail, or otherwise deal in coffee, in any part not being a city or town corporate, except as aforesaid - - o ic o

For and upon every iicenfc to any person to manufacture candles orfoap for file - ioo

For and upon every license to any person to fell or manufacture paper hangings for sale - I o o

For and upon every license to any person in any city or town corporate to fell tea or groceries by retail - - I o o

For and upon every license to any person in any part of this kingdom, not being a city or town corporate, to fell tea or groceries by retail o to o For and upon every license to any person to fell or tap out cider by retail - -ioo

501

A.D. 1793. Chap. 4.

For and upon every license to any person to fell or make any gold or silver plate for sale - loo'

For and upon every license to any person to keep a tan-yard or tan-pit, or tan leather for sale - 100

For and upon every license to any faflor or person not being a difliller or licensed as a retailer, felling home-made spirits - 200

Tor and upon every license to any person to keep any coffee-house 200 For and upon every license to any hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or other trading person going from place to place, and travelling either on foot or with horse or other beast of burthen, or otherwise carrying to fell or exposing to sale any goods, wares or merchandises j also to travelling tinkers and callers of iron and metal, and to persons hawking about tea or coffee for sale - 200

And a further duty for every horse, afs, mule or other beast bearing or drawing burthen which such person shall so travel with or cause to be used for the purpose of carrying or drawing his, her or ihetr goods, wares or merchandises - - -200

For every person hawking about trees, flmibs and plants for sale within the city of Dublin or within five miles thereof - -200

For every person felling or exposing to sale within the said city, or five miles thereof, in any Hand, Hall, (bed, booth or other place, not being a part of, or in his or her dwelling, any new or old books, maps, prints, pamphlets, charts or drawings. - - 2 o o

For every person felling or exposing to sale within the said city, or five miles thereof, any glass bottles, not being the maker or importer thereof, and not felling wines, spirits, beer or ale -200

For every person who shall sell or expose to sale within the said city, or five miles thereof, old clothes in any flail, filed, booth, (hop or* other place - 200

For every person carrying on the business of a pawnbroker within the said city, or five miles thereof - 10 O o

V.OL. XVI.

M A LT.

6 L

The thirty-third Year of George III.

Schedule H.

502

A.D.

INLAND DUTIES.

M A L T.

For and upon every barrel of malt, ground or unground, which shall be made in this kingdom, of barley, or of any other corn or grain, whether the same shall be or not be for sale - o 2 6

And lo in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

PLAT E, wrought.

For and upon every ounce troy weight of gold or silver plate, which shall be wrought, made or manufactured in this kingdom - 006

And so in proportion for any greater or less weight.

Salaries, Profits of Employments, Fees and Pensions.

For and out of every twenty shillings sterling, which any person having at any time between the 45th day of March 1793, and the 25th day of March 1794 inclusive, any salary, profits of employment, fees or pendon in this kingdom, unless such person do and shall live and actually reside within this kingdom for and during the space of six calendar months at lead between the said time, the sum of 040

Except salaries, pensions, fees or profits of employments payable to any of the defendants of his Majesty's royal grandfather, and to the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, and to his or their principal secretary of date, and to the duke of Brunswick, prince Ferdinand, the duke and duchess of Athol, the representative or representatives of the late Edward lord baron Hawke of the kingdom of Great Britain, and to George Charles, esq. if his Majesty shall think fit by his sign manual to exempt them or any of them from the payment of the fame, and except to the officers of the army, so far as respects the pay arising from their regimental commissions, the half-pay officers on the elhblishment of this kingdom, and the widows of officers*

SPIRITS.

For and upon every gallon of aqua vhse, strong waters, or spirits made or distilled within this kingdom for sale, to be paid by the fird maker or didiiler thereof - -' - 0 I 2

For and upon every gallon of spirits, made or dillilled from molasses within this kingdom for sale, to be paid by the fird maker or distiller thereof - 017

For every person selling spirits by retail within the city of Dublin, or five miles thereof, over and above all duties whatever - o 10 c

TOBACCO.

For and upon every pound weight of tobacco which shall be manufactured in this kingdom in any manner, to be paid by the person manufacturing the fame, or taking any part thereof out of the original package, and to be paid for every pound weight contained in such package at the time when the same shall be opened - 00a

CHAV*

The thirty-third Year of George III.

C H

V.

An Act for fairing the Payment of the Annuities, and of the Interest upon the Principal Sums therein provided for, and towards the Discharge of fitch Principal Sums in fitch Manner as therein is directed, and for enabling the Officers of His Majesty's Treasury to receive certain Sums for a limited Time in Manner therein mentioned, and for other Purposs.

WHEREAS by an act of parliament made and passed Hcdiaij* in the thirty-second year of his Majesty's reign, 3 ° ' entitled, An act for granting for one year the several duties therein mentioned, in lieu of all other duties payable upon the articles therein specified during the said term, and for continuing the effect of a treaty of commerce and navigation between his Majesty and the mof Chrifian King, and for regulating the trade between this kingdom and his Majesty's colonies, and for other purposes therein mentioned, several aids and additional duties were granted to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, inclusive, to pay an interest for the several sums mentioned in an act passed in the said thirty-second year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for securing the payment of the annuities, and of the interest upon the principal sums therein provided for, and towards the discharge of such principal sums in such manner as therein is directed, and for enabling the officers of his Majesty's ireasury to receive certain sums for a limited time in manner therein mentioned, and for other purposes, or so much thereof as should remain unpaid on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, to the person or persons v/ho lent the fame, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, at the respective rates therein particularly mentioned, to commence from the said twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, without any fee or charge, and free from all deductions whatsoever, until such times as they should be respectively paid their principal money at one entire payment, and also 6 L 2 to

5° 4

A.D.

79.1-Chap. 5.

rtvital j;

G 5‘ 0 i6

-000). JaiicJ ami pa«l10 Trinity C<<1-Vjjc, m> de-Ivittuio at per tent*

rrcit.i] 29

G.5- 1‘- 55*

raif-

rnafeing 25,000l. unpaid

ricital 3G.J. C. 4Z.

cool. part of ?j.ocol. raised on navigation dc hentmes, at 4. per cun. from 30 July 1.7^2;

The thirty-thinl Year of George III.

to pay the several annuities and charges therein mentioned: and whereas in pursuance of an act passed in the twenty-seventh year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for granting the several sums therein mentioned, for certain ptiblick uses, and for the other purgefes therein mentioned; the sum of three thousand pounds therein mentioned, hath been raised and paid to the provost, fellows, and scholars of the college of the holy and undivided Trinity of Ouecn Elizabeth, near Dublin, for the purpose in the said act mentioned, for which film debentures bearing an interest at the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, from the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, have been issued, which are fill ontflanding and unpaid: and whereas in pursuance cf an act passed in the twenty-ninth year of his Majest y’s reign, entitled, An act for the promotion and encouragement of inland navigation, several further sums have been raised, for which sums debentures bearing an interest at the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, have been issued, that is to say, twelve thousand five hundred pounds, for which debentures bearing fitch interest as aforesaid, from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two; six thousand four hundred pounds, for which debentures bearing such interest as aforesaid, from the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two; eleven thousand pounds, for which debentures bearing such interest as aforesaid, from the seventeenth day of August, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, eight hundred pounds, for which debentures bearing such interest as aforesaid, from the nineteenth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two; and seven hundred pounds, for which debentures bearing such interest as aforesaid, from the twenty-third day of October, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, malting in the whole twenty-five thousand pounds, have "been issued, and which are outstanding and Unpaid: and whereas in pursuance of an act passed in the thirty-first year of his Majesty's reign,

" entitled, An act for directing the further application of the sum of two hundred thousand pounds, granted by an act passed in the twenty-ninth year of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for the promotion and encouragement of inland navigation; -a sum of seven thousand pounds, part of the sum'-of 'twenty-two thousand pounds, granted upon the condition "in the said act S mentioned.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

mentioned, to the company of undertakers of the grand canal, for the purpose therein mentioned, hath been raised, for which sum debentures bearing an interest at the rale of four pounds per centum per annum, from the thirtieth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, have been issued: and whereas in pursuance of another act passed in the thirty-second year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for enabling the royal canal company to make docks on the north fide of the river HJfey, under certain conditions j a sum of fc-ven thousand five hundred pounds, part of the sum of twenty-three thousand pounds, in the said act mentioned, hath been raised, for which sum debentures bearing an inlcreftat the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, from the eighteenth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, have been issued, and which are Hill oul-fianding and unpaid: and whereas in and by the said second recited act it is recited, that the treasury, bills which had issued for a funrof one hundred thousand pounds, raised pursuant to a power in an act passed in the twenty-eighth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty the several aids, duties, rates, impositions, and taxes therein particularly express'ed, to be applied to the payment of the interest of the principal films therein provided for, and towards the discharge of the said principal sums, in such manner as therein is directed, and for such other purposes as are therein mentioned, were, if not paid off on or before the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, to be received, taken, and be current to any receiver or collector in this kingdom, of the customs, excise, or any revenue, aid or tax in this kingdom, for or in satisfaction of any custom, excise, revenue, aid or tax thercaster-to become due, or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, and to be taken, pass, and be current at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, from every such receiver or collector, for and in respect of the customs, excise, or any revenue, aid, or tax by him collected and received on or after the said day: and whereas by virtue of certain other powers in the said second recited act contained, a sum of one hundred thousand pounds was raised, and paid into his Majesty's treasury, for replacing the aforesaid sum of one hundred thousand pounds, so due by the aforesaid treasury bills, which were paid off and discharged on the twenty-Vol-. XVI. 6 M fourth

recital 32 (j, I. c. 16.

7,yoo’. pirl

id 23,0'cd.

10

my.i! can.il company iHilcti on (iJ-bt-muics at

pet emit.

from 18 Sept. 17y-;

reci'al of id icetted ait;

rnafury f>Hfs j.Tutd fur loOfOool. under 28 w. 3. c. 1. if not piid 24 -tine 1792, to be tnkiii by col-l.'durs, die.

said treasury b'llsivcrc paid off and o-h.-ri issued for )oo,cool. at 2 id per day per tool.

506 The thirty-third. Year of George III.

A.D.

fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety 1793- two, and new treasury bills to the amount of one hi,mired thousand pounds, bearing an interest at the rale of two pence halfpenny by the day, for each one hundred pounds, from the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, have been iflucd to the puiems who paid in the said sum, which treasury bills are still out-standing and unpaid, and are to pais current to any receiver or collector in this kingdom, on or after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine: duties granted and whereas the aids and duties granted to his Majesty in aTtf not fiiffi- anc* ty t'ic Girl first recited act, and appropriated to pay clem ’ and discharge the several principal sums in the said fecund recited atl, and herein before mentioned, and the interest of the fame respectively, and the several annuities therein men-necessary to tioned, have not proved sufficient for fttelt purpose: and paymen/uf whereas it is neccifal'y to provide for the payment of the fe-«d"a«Sn" vera^ Pr'nc'Pn^ Gums at any time or times heretofore borrowed upon, or secured by debentures or treasury bills which shall remain unpaid on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, together with the interest thereof; and also to provide for the payment of the several life annuities heretofore granted upon the respective sums of two hundred and fi:<ty-five thousand pounds, one hundred and fcvmly-five thousand pounds, and three hundred thousand pounds; and also to provide for the payment of one annuity, cr yearly sum of twenty-four thousand pounds, being a sum equal to (lie amount of the whole interest payable upon dibentures, subscribed and cancelled, pursuant to an act passed in the twenty-first and twenty-second years of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act fa ejh;b-lishing a laid', by ike name f lie governor and company of the bank of Ireland; and also to provide for the payment of the annuities granted in pursuance of an act, passed in the twenty-fifth year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for granting to his Majfiy the sacral aids, duties, rates, im-poftions, and taxes, therein particularly expressed, to be applied to the payment of the intenji of the sums therein provided for, and towards discharge of the fad principal fans in fi/ch manner as therein is dir died, and for such purposes as are therein mentioned, for effectuating the railing of the sum of two hundred thousand pounds in the said act mentioned,

and

The thirty-third Year of George III. 507

and also to provide for the payment of the said several sums A.D. of three thousand pounds, twenty-five thousand pounds, fe- !~93* ven thousand pounds, and seven thousand five hundred pounds, raised upon debentures, in pursuance of the said several adis, passed in the twenty-seventh, twenty-ninth, thirty-first and thirty-second years of his Majesty's reign, and inlet eft upon the fame, at the rate of four pounds per centum per annum; be'it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That for the several princioal sums borrowed in pur- for r"m<!,’nr‘

11 1 rowed in put;-

fmnee of the said acts passed in the twenty-seventh, twenty- iuinc«»f ninth, thirty-first, and thirty-second years of his Majesty's I'fy. & 31 reign, upon or secured by debentures bearing an interest at the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, which are +r«-«nt. outflanking and unpaid; and for the several principal sums andu;.de-heretofore borrowed upon or secured by debentures bearing an interest at the rate of three pounds ten shillings per cen-turn per annum, which shall remain unpaid on the twenty- '"tdil

4 b y paiil at l-ca«

fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety- fmycveyfi three, there shall be paid at the receipt of his Majesty's ex- V.Vc;pal pni'd chequer by the hands of the vice treasurer, or vice trea- furers, paymaster, or receiver-general, his or their deputy or deputies, at the end of every six calendar months, to be computed from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, to the person or persons who paid or lent, or became entitled to the fame respectively, his, her, or their executors, administrators or aliigns, an interest at the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, and three pounds ten shillings per centum per annum, respectively, according to the tenor of such debentures respectively, without any fee or charge, and free from all deduflions whatsoever, until such time as they shall be respectively paid their principal money, at one entire payment.

11. And be it further enacted, That the said several life l ife an-annuities heretofore granted to the several subscribers, who advanced and paid the said three several sums of two hun- "lhc?.

come uuc.

dred and sixty-five thousand pounds, one hundred and fc-venty-five thousand pounds, and three hundred thousand pounds into his Majesty's treasury, shall and may be regularly paid to the persons thereunto respectively entitled, as 6 M 4 the

508 The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

the fame shall become due, according to the true intent

1793’ and meaning of the several acts heretofore made concerning the same respectivr ly.

Annuity uf

III. And be it further enacted, That the aforesaid an-b^w'ia'iy nuity or yearly sum of twenty-four thousand pounds, shall il'niit'iri-t ant^ ma7 rt'?ularly paid to the governor and company of land. the bank of Ireland, as the same shall become due, according to the true intent and meaning of the said ail, entitled, An act for cJrabli/Ung a bank by the name of the governor and company of the bank of Inland.

Annuitira

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several annuities, ij'ctV'o granted in pursuance of the said act, passed in the twenty-paid'8'lla,ly fifth year of his Majesty's reign, be regularly paid to the persons thereunto respectively entitled, as the same shall become due, according to the true intent and meaning of the said act.

For turn- V. And be it further enacted, That for the principal sums

paid 2j Mar at any time heretofore borrowed upon or secured by trea-

1793.andnui fnrv bills, now outftandine and unpaid, and which arc not }« current, 1 0

nt 2jd. per yet current to any receiver or collector of any revenue, imerett'to i,c aid, or tax in this kingdom, bearing an interest at the rate Scduflion1 two pence halfpenny by the day for each one hundred pounds, and which shall remain unpaid on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, shall be paid at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, by the hands of the vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, his or their deputy or deputies, from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, to the person or persons having paid the fame respectively, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, an interest after the rate of two pence halfpenny by the day for every one hundred pounds, according to the tenor of such treasury bills respectively, without any fee or charge, and free from all de-duflions whatsoever, until they shall be respectively paid their principal money at one entire payment.

Treasury

VI. And whereas the treasury bills which have been if-jop.ccoi. sued for another sum of one hundred thousand pounds, raised G ^1 If n,!t pursuant to a power in the said act passed in the twenty-eighth pairi oiri,^ year of his Majesty's reign, bearing interest from the twenty-1703, are >o ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and so receivers! eighty-eight, are, if not paid off, on or before the twenty-&c' fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

6 three,

The thirty-third Year of George III.

509 A.D. 1793.

Chap. 5.

three, to be received,' taken, and be current to any receiver or collector in this kingdom, of the customs, excise, or any revenue, aid or tax in this kingdom, for or in satisfaction of any custom, excise, revenue, aid or tax then due, or thereafter to become due, or payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and to be taken, pass, and be current at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, from every such receiver or collector, for or in respect of the customs, excise, or any revenue, aid or tax by him collected or received, on or after the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three: and whereas in order t6 necessiryto provide for the payment of the said last mentioned treasury bills heretofore issued, it will be necessary to make forne

mill, j

further provision; be it therefore entitled, That as to all such treasury bills so issued for the said sum of one Hundred gmmurit thousand pounds, which are so made current, from and after Jejune 1793^ the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand. seven hundred and ninety-three, it shall and may be lawful for the lord out of fa<plu> lieutenant, or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being, at any time or times, from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, to call in, and pay off, and discharge the fame, or such part thereof as shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied, on the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand ftven hundred and ninety-three; and that the fame be paid oft" and discharged out of such surplus of the aids and duties granted in the last, or any former section of parliament, appropriated to the payment of the several principal sums, annuities, and charges herein mentioned, which shall remain on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, in the hands -of the vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, receivers, or paymasters general, his or their deputy or deputies, over and above all inrtcreft, annuities, and charges payable thereout, at the said time.

VII. And whereas it may be necessary, that a further Turn ‘Itimy'hc or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of two hundred rufezcoecoi: thousand pounds, shall be raised to supply any deficiencies jj,1'*1' which may happen in the aids granted for the support of his Majesty's government; and it may be expedient to raise the per.tay.pef fame by the ways herein after mentioned $ that is to say,

on loan by debentures, to carry an inlcreft nGt exceeding the rate, of five pounds, per centum per annum, or by treasury

You. XVI. 6 N bills,

The thirty-third Year of George III.

or parti) by each,

for so much as paid into

an imereti not exceeding $ pci cent.

shall be paid every 6 months, to commence 24. June 1793,

I . or fuhfvqurot thereto;

bills, to carry an interest not exceeding the rate of three pence by the day, for each one hundred pounds which shall be raised thereon, or partly by such debentures, and partly by such treasury bills as aforesaid; be it therefore enacted, That for so much of the said sum of two hundred thousand pounds, as shall be actually paid by any nerson or persons ckbenturtr" 'nt0 the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, at the instance of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, upon loan by debentures, there shall be paid at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, by the hands of the vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, pay-master or paymasters general, his or their deputy or deputies, at the end of every six calendar months; to the person or persons so paying or lending the fame, his, her, or their executor's, administrators, or assigns, such interest not exceeding the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, and to commence from the twenty-fobrth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, or from such time subsequent thereto, as shall be agreed upon by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom codcduftitn. for the time being, without any fee or charge, and free from all deduflions whatsoever, until such time as they shall be respectively paid their principal money at one entire payment.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That a debenture or receipt for every sum so to be subscribed and paid, bearing such intcrcfl as aforesaid, shall be given by the proper officer of his Majesty's treasury, for ail and every such sum and sums of money as shall be so raised on loan by debenture, and paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, in the like manner as hath been1 usually done in cases where principal sums have been heretofore borrowed on loan by debenture, and the debentures or receipts so to be given, shall be numbered in arithmetical progression, where the common exesfs or difference is to be one, until the whole shall be numbered.

Forfo much

IX. And be it further enacted, That for so much of the

as |H til be nil

'patdinifi in a- laid sum of two hundred thousand pounds, as shall be ac-tMtorybiiii, tually paid into his Majesty's treasury, at the instance of nottmiJiii- *bc l°ril lieutenant, or other:chief governor or chief gover-31 i’ooi'fc'i nors k'n§d°ra for ^lc t’mc being, on loan by treasury

he paui every -bills, there shall he paid at the receipt of his Majesty's ex-

£ months, j >- -

chequer,

Debentures to be given in the ufnal manner, and n>im!»creJ

arithmeti-

cally.

Chap. 5.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

chequer, by the hands of the vice-treasurers, or pay mailer general,' his or their deputy or deputies, at the end of every six calendar months, to the person or persons so paying or lending the fame, his, her, or their executors, ndminiftra- '"’"’cndug

O ,71 1 2.J June 1793i

tors, or assigns, such interest not exceeding the rate of three or luhfuiMnt pence by the day for each one hundred pounds; and to commence from the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, or front such time subsequent thereto, as shall be agreed upon by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or chief governors for the time being, without any fee or charge, and free from any dedudiort no deduaioa. whatsoever, until such time as they shall respectively be paid their principal money in one entire payment.

X. And be it further enacted, That for so much of the -j-,rar,ry

h’lls to l)«

iiTucd, as

said sum of two hundred thousand pounds, as shall be actually paid into his Majesty's treasury, on loan by treasury bills as aforesaid, bills entitling the bearer to the amount-of the sums to be respectively specified therein, and declaring such amount to be payable, or pass current at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, at such time and times as shall be directed by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor ot chief governors of this kingdom for the time being, shall be iiTucd and given by the proper officers of his Majesty's treasury, such bills to bear an interest at such rate as herein last is mentioned, the said bills to be numbered in arithmc- »i number, tical progression, where the common cxccfs or difference is c.uiy. to be one, until the whole shall be numbered, beginning with the number one.

XI. Provided always, That every such bill so to be ifihcd ita?, r<it0 for the said sum of two hundred thousand pounds, or any Ij'ifjl/cur-part thereof as aforesaid, shall and may, on or after such time or times as shall be appointed by the lord lieutenant, »i>-

el - . ’ p.Umed by

or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom i.,(| lieut.'iF for the time being, if not sooner paid oft', be received and p"y off"* taken by, and be current to any.receivcF or collector in this kingdom, of the customs, excise, or any revenue, aid or tax in this kingdom, for and in satisfaction of any tuftom, excise, revenue, aid or tax, then or thereafter respectively to become due or payable to his Majesty, his heirs and fuc-ceflurs, and shall be taken, pass, and be current at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, from every such receiver or collcdor, for or in're'sped of the customs, excise, or any 6 N 2 revenue,

iottrdl oil treasury bills to ctrafe wlttru received by

collectors, itc.

:to be cancelled when paid into treasury.

JLord lieut, may cltablish a lottery, confuting of .40,000 tickets,

prizes to a-niount of 2co,ooool.

time and man* ner of drawing (Ik* lottery to be appointed by the lord lieutenant;

lottery to be

earned on with such powers, arul under such regulations, forms, Itrc.&c. as appointed by the lord lieutenant,

and'subject to 'such powers to pay incident expends, and authorities, provisions <vc. m in at

A 22 G.3.

c. a.

The thirty-third Year a/"' George III.

revenue, aid or lax, by him collcded or received, on or after such time or times, as shall be appointed as aforesaid.

XII. And be it enacted, That as soon as any of the said treasury bills, which have heretofore issued, or which, shall or may issue, in pursuance of this act, shall be received by any receiver or collector, for or in respect of any aid, custom, tax, or revenue, pursuant to any provision in that behalf, all interest shall ccafe from the day of such receipt, and shall be no longer payable thereon, and the fame when paid by such receiver or collector into his Majesty's treasury, shall be cancelled.

XIII. And whereas it may be necessary to establish a lottery, be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, to establish a lottery, consisting of forty thousand tickets, upon which prizes to the amount of two hundred thousand pounds, and no more, shall be 'paid; and that such lottery shall be drawn at such time after the first day of April, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and consist of such number of tickets as aforesaid, at such price or prices to be subscribed for, and paid at such time or times, and in such proportions, and upon such scheme or schemes of prizes to be paid in ready money, and at such time or times, and with all such further or other regulations, powers, and provisions necessary to carry the fame into execution, as shall be appointed and directed by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being and that such lottery so to be established, shall be conducted and carried on with such powers and authorities, and under and subject to such regulations and directions, and with such form of books, mode of drawing, provisions as to tickets delivered or not subscribed for, rewards to managers and other officers, dif-eoun.t for subscriptions advanced, and such forfeitures for omissions to pay or complete subscriptions to such lottery, within such time or times as shall be appointed by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, and under and subject to such powers, to pay incident -expenses, necessary to be incurred -in the execution of such lottery or lotteries, and such other powers, authorities, provisions, restrictions, penalties, forfeitures, and remedies, as are severally mentioned in an act

3 made

The thirty-third Year of George III. tjij

made and passed in the twenty-first and twenty-fcoor.d years 't. D. of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An at7 for granting unto his Ncjcfy, the Jheral duties, rates, impofilions and inset, therein fft—£, particularly expressed, to he applied to the payment of the interest of the fitms therein provided for, and towards the discharge of ike said principal sums, in inch manner as therein is d’reBcd, and forfeit other pit rposes as are therein mentioned-, and also 3’°-ill one other act passed in the llnrty-second year of the r< ign of his Majesty, entitled, An act for securing the payment of the annuities, and of the inlcrcft upon the principalfunis therein provided for, and ttxvaids the discharge offitch principal suns in sch manner as therein is directed, and for enabling the officers of his Majesty s ircafury to receive certain films for a limited time in manner therein mentioned, and for other purposes; unless the same shall be otherwise provided for this fcfilon f- <hi*t-

win- j».;*vund

of parliament) or shall be enabled by any act or acts to be funhufJ-passed in this session of parliament, as fully and cfiediually to all intents and purposes, as if the fame and every of them were herein particularly set forth and enacted, with respect to such lottery or lotteries to be established; and that all all moni« monies arising by the sale of such tickets, over and above 5" p"r rVk" the sum of five pounds for every such ticket* shall be ap- Juppo.'*'«F plied to the support of his Majesty's government. government,.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the aids granted to his am.grant-

and ap-

P'opnnted by

Majesty, and appropriated by an act passed in this session of t

parliament, entitled, An act for granting for one year the fe- uf

veral duties therein mentioned, in lieu of all other duties payable c

upon the articles therein specified during the fid term, and for (CTCit on dc-

continuing the effcB of the treaty of commerce and navigation,

signed at Versailles, on the t-wenty-sixth day of September, one

thousnd seven hundred and eighty-six, between his Majesty and the mofi Christian King, and for regulating the trade belu-con

this kingdom and his Majesty s colonics, and for other purposes therein mentioned-, to the payment of the interest c:f the several sums secured by debentures and ircafury bills, and of the several annuities and charges aforesaid, shall be applied (Ulbcap.

and paid by the vice-treasurer or vice-treasuiers, his or their ii',',/'1"

deputy or deputies, to the payment of the said annuity of 24>*-ol. 1st >s s. per annum,

twenty-four thousand pounds per annum, and to the payment of the annuities aforesaid, granted for the sums of two hup.- for

f. ° 26}, CQ-\

dred and sixty-five thousand pounds, one hundred and fe- 1,-5,000l. venty-fi\e thousand pounds, and three hundred thousand a"J 2°'i0cJ

Vol. XVI.

6 O

pounds

5H A.D. 1793. Chap. 5.

and of expence!- in rtf* milting an-mines to London;

ami of annuities grant ed by 25 G. 3-

The thirty-third Year of George III.

pounds respectively, and towards payment of the expcncts which shall or may be incurred, by fending or remitting from time to time, fitch of the said several annuities to London, as are or shall be payable there, pursuant to the several acts heretofore pasted relative thereto; and towards payment of such annuities as have been granted in pursuance of the said act passed in the twenty-fifth year of his Majesty's reign, for effectuating the railing of the sum of two hundred thousand pounds in the said act mentioned; anti r>f[ate- and towards the discharge of the interest: of four pounds b'niures'at per centum fer annum, borrowed upon debentures carrying and"tCj"lpcr 'nterc^> an(' towards the payment of an interest cent. after the rate of three pounds ten shillings per centum fer annum, on the several sums borrowed upon debentures carrying such interest, and towards the payment of the interest of the several principal fuir.s heretofore borrowed, and nn trea- and now due upon, or secured by treasury bills, carrying u0 1 " an interest after the rate of two pence halfpenny by the

and on debentures and tu-afury bills

fuaiu tereof, be issued in pursuance of this act, and that the surplus of furpUi- appil- the said duties be applied in such manner as shall be di-

«t >E cliic&ed n 1 L V

by parliament, refled by parliament.

I3&1-G.

XV. And be it further enacted, That an act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his Majesty's reign, en-said session, titled, An act to explain and amend an act passed in this session annuities to of parliament, entitled. An act for granting annuities in man-"C, S tier therein provided, to such persons as shall voluntarilyfubferile continued to towar's d‘e raifuig a sum not exceeding the sum of two hundred Mar. 1794. and ftxly-five thousand pounds, shall continue in force, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and no longer.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That so much of the

day, for every one hundred pounds, and towards payment of the interest of such debentures and treasury bills, as may

several principal sums so heretofore from time to time borrowed upon or secured by debentures, carrying an interest after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, and three

So much of sums heretofore borrowed 0:1 debentures at per cent, and at 3} per

cent, unpaid pounds ten shillings per centum per annum respectively, as 25Mar. 1794, rema;n (juc an(j unpaj(i on the twenty-fifth day of March, which will be in the year of our Lord, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and also such further or nifciOniiicr other sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the sum of dcbeiiiuics°n two hundred thousand pounds, as shall be raised or borrowed

at 5 per cent.

pursuant

The thirty-third Year of George III.

pursuant to the provisions in this act, and for which debentures, carrying an interest not exceeding the rale of five pounds per centum per an mini, or treasury bills, carrying an interest not exceeding the rate of three pence per day for every one hundred pounds shall be issued, as shall remain unpaid on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, shall be well and truly satisfied, and paid unto the several and respective persons, their executors, administrators, and assigns, to whom the same shall be then due, together with all interest for the fame, at the respective rates aforesaid, without any deduction whatsoever.

XVII. And be it enacted, That whatever surplus or exceeding of the duties granted in the lafi, or any former session of parliament, appropriated to the payment of the in-tcreft or the several principal sums, annuities, and charges herein before mentioned, shall remain in the hauds of the vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, receivers, or paymaster general, his or their deputy or deputies, over and above all interest, annuities and charges payable thereout, on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and over and above the said sum of one hundred thousand pounds herein before directed, to be applied in payment of the like sum which will be due on the said treasury bills; payable on the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, shall be disposed of in such manner as shall be directed by parliament.

XVIII. And whereas it is expedient to make provision for the Losses which may have accrued to individuals for. debentures, or treasury bills that have been loft, burned, or destroyed; be it enadle'd, That in all cases where it Ilia'll appear by affidavit, before any of the barons of the court of exchequer, who shall interrogate the deponent or deponents thereupon, to the satisfaction of such baron, that any treasury bills or debentures, have been loft, burned, or destroy-trl, before the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, or that there is good reason to believe that the fame have been loft, burned, or destroyed, the respective officers of the treasury appointed to make forth such treasury bills or debentures, or to pay the same upon producing a certificate of any of the said barons, of such affidavit or affidavits being made before him, which affidavit or affidavits any of the said barons shall take, and

6 O 2 which

5'5

A.D. 1793.

CftviVP

ot t«.?h:ry t>(||> ;it $.1,

jvi tiny per

!Col unpaid

2) 1754,

lluli be p:ud

to hoMctc, and all inte-idl ilififou, without deduction.

Su'pNrs of duties granted in any former session, for payment of in.crc.t, &c. in taa-ftny after Mar. 1793,

and over too.cool. u’htcli will be due on tiea-fjiy Ini!', payable 2 (. . jn.it 17 os. to bt iliiposed

of by parlia-

Whm it

appeals by affidavit bo fmc a baron, lint treasury bills, or tie-Jiare ill cn lull,

1) umJ, or dfil ruycil, or rcafou to be-lit vc foil",

In fore 2 5 Mar. 17^3,

upon pro. ducing baton's ccrci'i-calc, to w!i ni uo fee

516 The ilirly-lliid 2 car cf George III.

A.D.

which certificate they shall grant 'vi'bout fee, and oa security being given to his Majesty, hi*: heirs or faccdTors, to on fccu.ity, the good liking of the said officers, to indemnify them a gain ft uwSVlay, other- persons for the monies specified in such bills or dc-"!i. iniifcm bentnres, the said officers shall at the request of the owner or

f.f lord heme- 1

nans make owners of such bills or debentures, and with the consent

duplicates till*

?nd pay pnn- and approbation of the lord lieutenant or other chid governor or governors for the time being, make forth duplicates thereof, and pay and discharge the fame, together with the inlcrcft which hath accrued on the original treasury bills or debentures, so loft, burned, or destroyed, and such interest as shall accrue in the same manner as they would have paid and discharged the said original treasury bills and debentures, and the interest thereof.

If dd,to-

XIX. And be it enacted, That if at any time hereafter,

found and do- any such debentures or treasury bills which have been lou or livt'td. iccu- Ir,jf]ai(i f]la|[ afterwards be found, and be delivered to the

my l-j iodcm- ’

t,ify, vuid. officers of the treasury to be cancelled, then the security which shall have been given to indemnify such officers in respect of such debentures or treasury bills, shall be void, and the same shall be given lip to the person or persons who shall have entered into the same.

CHAP. VI.

An Act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback, and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar.

l-Vamble. WHEREAS such part of the trade between this king-» V dom, and the British colonies in America and the West Indies, as was not enjoyed by this kingdom, previous to the twenty-fifth day of November, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, can be enjoyed, and have continuance so long, and in such respective cases cnly as the goods, or any of them to be imported from the said colonics or plantations into this kingdom, or to be exported from this kingdom to the said colonies or plantations, shall be liable to equal duties and drawbacks, and be subject to the fame securities, regulations, and restrict.ions, as the like goods are liable and subject to upon being imported from the said colonies or plantations into Great Britain, or exported from thence to such colonies respectively; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice

The thirty-third Year of George III.

advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That if it shall appear by notifce in

the Dublin Gazette, in manner hereafter directed, on the Sa- of itdullap- 7 )*ar in tnejta~

turday next following the third Wednesday in the months jtcite.auimti of June, and October respectively, in the year one ihoofand ii«i, that iK« seven hundred and ninety-three, and if it shall m like manner appear on the Saturday next ’following the third Wednesday in the months of February, June, and October respectively in every succeeding year, that theaverage price of-duty, no brown or muscovado sugar, exclusive of the duty -paid, or exportation, payable thereon, on the importation thereof into this kingdom, such average price to be made up and taken in manner herein after mentioned, shall exceed two-pounds fourteen /Hillings and two pence, for an hundred weight thereof, then and in every such case the drawback now allowed, or which may herea'fter be allowed on the exportation from this kingdom, of sugar of the growth or produce-of the British plantations, shall from thenceforth ceafetobe allowed and paid on any sugar which shall be exported thenceforth after the end of one day from the port of Dublin, and after, the end of three days from any other port , in this kingdom, until the second, 'fourth, and sixth days -respectively, after un,:'J<1-+l,1>

4 4 and 6th <lays

new average prices mall‘have been made up and computed after new upon the fix last weekly returns, and notified in the Dublin ?,p"n fiuft Gazette, in manner herein directed; and the bounty now wccl"! payable, or which may hereafter be payable cm "the exporta- times when tion. from this kingdom, of refined sugar produced from muscovado sugar, imported from his Majesty's plantations m America err Great Britain, shall cease to be allowed and lo",cd' paid on any such refined sugar which shall be exported thenceforth after the end o'f twenty-nine days from the port of Dublin, and after the end of thirty-one days from any other port 'in this kingdom, until the thirtieth, lliirty-fe-cond, and thirty-fourth days respectively, after new average prices shall have been made up and computed upon the fix last weekly returns, and notified in the Dublin 'Gazette, in manner herein directed, except fuel) sugar shall be c» "[’j Imported to Great Britain, or to some other part of the Brit; fn Great Brit,

or its Joirti-

dominions. nioni.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any per- im, t,e son shall have entered outwards any such sugar, and /hail

Vol. XVI. i6 -P have Hiiipics be-

51.8:

A.D.

‘79.3-Chap. 6.

Iftinty all«»we{l, ai-thon^li pr:ce

r'!cn j p;oc,f

ui on debenture.

Quantities of b-mvn fir gar allowed to be exported to Onem-fiy. Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, 'vhrn drawback not allotted j

qniiritVs of icliticd sugar.

Pi tees af-

CCrtaimd:

iirpm'er?, or their aei-uls in Dublin, who alter

iot|i bine

ff 1! br.Aut friar. to jrive a«'i'oui!t< uj-,oi. oath, as !; ciu, wick*

lv.

Tie thirty-third Year of George III.

have 1 t gi n lo (1 ip or lade the fame on board during the time that the price of sugar taken and notified in manner herein directed, shall be under the sum at which the drawback and bounty shall cease to be allowed, and paid on the exportation of such sugar at any of the aforesaid ports respectively, such person shall be allowed to export, and to receive the drawback for the sugar actually shipped or laden on board for exportation, although the price of sugar may have risen to the sum at which the drawback and bounty shall cease to be allowed and paid on the exportation thereof, after such person shall have begun to ship the fame, and before the exportation thereof, proof in such case being made by the exporter upon the debenture, that the said sugar was really and bona fide shipped or laden on hoard.

III. And be it enacted, That whenever the drawback or bounty on sugar, shall not be allowed according to the provisions of this act, it shall not be lawful to export to the ilands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, during any four months in which such drawback shall not be allowed, any greater quantity of brown or muscovado sugar than sixty hundred weight to Guernsey, sixty hundred weight to Jersey, ten hundred weight to Alderney and Sark, and forty hundred weight to the isle of Man, and that whenever the bounty on sugar shall not be allowed according to the provisions of this act, it shall not be lawful to export to the said islands during any four months, in which such bounty shall not be allowed, any greater quantity of refined sugar than two hundred hundred weight to Guernsey, two hundred hundred weight to Jersey, thirty-three hundred weight to Alderney and Sark, and one hundred hundred weight to the ille of Man.

IV. And be it enacted, That the prices of such brown or muscovado sugar shall from time to time be ascertained and taken in manner herein after mentioned, that is to say, every importer or importers of such sugar within the district of the metropolis of Dublin, who shall after the tenth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, by himself or themselves, his or their sworn broker, or any other agent acting in his or their behalf, buy or fell any such brown or muscovado sugar, shall and is hereby required by himself or themselves, his or their sworn broker, or any other agent acting in his or their behalf, to deliver in upon oath before the lord mayor, or any of the aldermen of the said

The tllrt^-thlrd Year tf Cer:£e Iil.

said city of Dublin, (which oath the said lord mayor, or aldermen, are hereby respedivtiy authorized (o adminifitrl to the person for the time being, who shall be appointed' re-gifier of the prices of sugar, on or hi fore V’ rv'nefdav in every week, a true account of the quantities of fuel; br> ,1 or muscovado sugar bought or sold by him or them, his lit r, or their l’worn broker, or any other agent a fling in his or their behalf, in the preceding week, specifying the name of the ship in which such sugar was imported, and the name of the captain of such ship, and also the marks and packages, and the sum total of the net landing weights of such sugar, as far as the fame chn be made out, and the price paid for each quantity respectively, and the said register shall, and he to is hereby required to compute and make up in every week n, from the accounts so delivered to him of the said quan-tities and prices of such sugar, bought or sold by such im-

porter of importers, his or their sworn broker, or any other

agent acting in his or their behalf, in the week immediately preceding, the average price of such sugar, and shall cause such average price to be published every Saturday in the Dublin Gazette, and the said register shall, and he is filter to

hereby required to compute and make up on the third r.ig"1 ("Icr/

Wednesday in the months of June and October, one thou- c’lsilg

sand seven hundred and ninety-three, and on the third ‘"'Vl',re"

J m specifioJ.

Wednesday in the months of February, June, and October in every succeeding year, from the accounts so delivered to him, of the quantities and prices of such sugar so bought or sold in the six weeks immediately preceding, the average. price of such sugar during the said six weeks; and the fairl register shall, and he is hereby required to cause the average price of such sugar during the said six weeks, taken in the manner herein before mentioned, to be published on- t« be publish-she Saturday immediately following the Wednesday on which ^tt" luc-he is directed to compute and make up the said average price in the Dublin Gazette; and such average price shall berut.hii e

deemed and taken to be the price of brown or muscovado lurtpuiaicibe i - . diawbark cm

sugar, for the purpose of regulating the allowing of the expectation.

drawback on the exportation of sugar of the Britishi plantations, and the payment of the bounty on the exportation of refined sugar, produced from muscovado sugar imported from-his Majesty's plantations in America or Great Britain,

6 P 2 for"

'‘Registry tv be kept by register,which ‘maybe in-speded on

importer < or agent neglecting to give account *act herein, upon oath, forfeit 40s. per calk to prosecutor, before lord mayor or alderman.

Exporter :for ntawbaik,

or bounty, and mailer and another fnrety, to gife a bond for treble value, c-n-ditioned.as Hirrein.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

for the several periods respectively, in the manner herein before directed.

'.V. And be it enacted, That a registry or book shall be kept by the said register, containing, all the accounts so received by him, from time to time, from the importer or importers, his.or their sworn broker, or any other agent adingiin his or their behalf, and of the average prices by jfiim computed and made up from the same, which registry <or!book shall and may, at convenient times, be inspected by any person or persons whatever, upon paying the fee-of one shilling,:and.no more, for the same.

VI. And be it enacted, That if any importer or importers, or any'sworn broker, or other agent acting in his or their behalf, shall refuse or neglect to deliver in upon oath, a.true account of the quantities of brown and muscovado sugar, ‘by him or them bought.or fold, specifying the name of the '{hjp in which such sugar was imported, and the name of the captain of such {hjp, and.also the marks and packages, and the sum total of the net landing weights of such sugar, as far.as the fame can be made out, and the price.paid for -each quantity respectively, as herein before required, he, they, or.any of them, being the atiual buyer or feiier of such’sugar, shall forfeit and pay for every ca{k of sugar for which he. or they shall so.refuse or neglect to deliver in an account, the sum of forty shillings, to any person who shall prosecute and sue ’for the fame, to be -recovered before the lord mayor, or any alderman of the said city, on the oath of any one or-more credible witness or witnesses.

VII. And be it enacted, That before any brown or muf-cavado sugar shall be-expprted:on:drawback, or any refined sugar shall be exported on bounty from this kingdom, to any part.-of the Britishi.dominions, according to the provisions of this act, the exporter-or-exporters thereof shall become bound . to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in a bond, together with the master or person having or taking the-charge or ’Command of the ship or vessel in which, such. sugars respectively are intended to be exported; and also with one sufficient surety, to be approved by the collector ox-other chief ..officer at the port of exportation, in treble the value thereof, with condition that such sugars respectively so exported, shall be landed at the respective ports or places, for which the lame shall have been entered, and shall not be relanded in-

any

521 A.D.

793-Chap. 6.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

any pait of this kingdom, nor be landed or fold in the isle of Man, or landed or fold in the islands of Guernsey, Jersey,

Alderney, or Sark, unless exported from the said islands of Gueinfey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark and Man respectively, under. the provisions and regulations of this act; and such bonds shall be discharged in the manner herein after mentioned, that is to say, for such of the said sugars reflectively, as shall be entered for, or landed in any part of Europe, the condition of the bond shall be to bring a certificate in discharge thereof, within six months from the date of the bond, and for such of the said sugars respectively, as shall be entered for, or landed in any part of Africa, and on this fide the Cape of Good Hope, or any part of America, within eighteen months from the date of the bond, and for such of the said sugars respecti vely, as shall be entered for, or landed at Saint Helena, or in any port or place at or beyond the Cape of Good Hope, within thirty months after the date of the bond, which said certificate for such of the said sugars respectively as shall be landed in any port or place in any part of his Majesty's dominions, plantations, or settlements, where any officer of his Majesty's customs shall be resident, shall be signed by the proper officer or officers of his Majesty's customs there, certifying that such sugars respectively were there landed, and for want of such officer residing there, it shall then be signed by the governor of such islands, dominions, plantations or settlements, or in his absence by the deputy-governor thereof respectively; and in the islands of Guernsey, Jersey/ Alderney, Sark and Man, it shall in all cases be signed by the governor, or deputy-governor thereof, as well as by the proper officer or officers of his Majesty's customs j and such bond may also be discharged, upon proof made to the satisfaction of the com- upon proof missioners of the revenue for the time being, that such fu- was taken or gars respectively, were taken by enemies, or perished in lo<1-the seas.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no draw- No drawback or bounty shall be paid or allowed, for or upon any (agdcxpaf of such sugars respectively, exported according to the provisions of this act, from this kingdom, to the said islands nordeben.

° turemadeouty

ol Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, or to any until com’fi-other part of the British dominions respectively, nor any "hCreh?,uced debenture made out for such drawback or bounty, until a

Vol. XVI. 6 O certificate

-S2*2 A.D.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

179.5-

'Chip. 6.

certificate shall be produced from the register of certificates, or other chief officer of the customs in the said islands of Gncrnfey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, and Man respectively, or-tinder the’hands and seals of the collector, comptroller, "and surveyor of the customs, or any two of them belonging to any port in any other part of the British dominions where fitch sugar shall have been landed, certifying that the fame has been landed there, any law, cu'ftom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Siicrar from "IX. And be it enacted, That sugar not of the British

witiTEu-ry "plantations, when imported into this kingdom, in Irish or

ru|>?, not of

15iitifli plan-

'British built ships, owned, registered, 'and navigated accord-inii.,"., in. ing to law, from any country or place not in Europe, /hall

liilh or Cri- / , 1 -

tiih shipi, Sic. :and may upon the importation thereof into any port in this I'emi.’nhere -kingdom, where by law tobacco may be warehoused upon bcwa?c-mil3r 'being duly entered, be forthwith-landed from on board the

Iwufj.i with- -.shin or vessel, in which the fame shall' be so imported, in

cut duty j 4 1

'the presence of the proper officer or officers of the revenue, at the'port in which the fame shall’be so imported, without

- an account nr payment of any duty whatever; provided that an exact ac-b^emcrej by count1 -be- taken -of the weight thereof, and entered in a book oDiccc; n-0 be' kept' for that purpose, by the proper officer at the said

- to be feenred port, and that the same shall upon landing, 'be immediately of Kioj w«i 'lodged arid secured urtder the joint locks of his Majesty, and importer’^1: the importer or proprietor thereof, in such warehouses as

<xpenc»i: shall be fit for that purpose, to be provided at the foie expence of the importer or proprietor of such sugar, with the approbation, and under the care and inspection of the commissioners of the revenue, or the collector at the port where such sugar c"po[,e shall be imported, and such sugar may be again exported di-witiiomduty, reftly from such warehouses without payment of any duty entered, Sec. -whatever; provided such sugar be duly entered for exportation, and regularly shipped and exported according to the in ih'skiig* laws in force, at the time of exporting such sugar, but if such <iom. fluty to sugar shall be intended to be taken out of such warehouses to

be ptid.

be uTed or consumed in this kingdom, the importer or proprietor shall first pay to the proper officer such duties as ffinll be then payable by lav/ on the importation into this kingdom of such-sugar.

-tn force^ x. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this act

mhilft iic-cm ’

ttfciieJ Eng- lriall continue in farce to long only as an act passed in the '.G.j^iutorce ‘parliament of Great Britain, in the t’nirty-second year of the

reiin

The thirty-third Year of George III.

523

reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for regulating A.D. the allowance of the drawback and payment of the bounty on the exportation of sugar, and for permitting the importation offngar and coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda iffands in foreign flips,

shall continue in force, and no longer.

CHAP. VII.

An Act for further continuing an Act, Entitled, An Act for facilitating the Trade and Intercourse between this Kingdom and the United States of America.

WHEREAS an act which passed in the twenty-sixth year of his present Ma- Eipircd.

jesty, entitled, An act for facilitating the trade and intercourse between this kingdom and the united fates of America, was by subsequent acts continued to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and no longer: And whereas it is expedient that the said act should be further continued for a limited timej be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this pre-scut parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said act, and all and every the clauses therein contained, shall continue and be in force until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and no longer.

CHAP. VIII.

An Act for regulating the Payment of Bounties on the Exportation of certain Manufactures of this Kingdom-

WHEREAS the encouraging of various branches of linen and hempen ma- Edited.

nufactures, and of certain manufactures made of (ilk, by bounties on export, will tend to promote and enlarge the fame, and it is necessary that the payment of such bounties should be under certain regulations and restrictions* be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament aflem-hled, and by the authority of the same, That every exporter or feller for exportation of plain Irish linen, Irish chequed or striped linen, and Irish huckabacks, diapers, (heelings, and other species of linens, upwards of a yard in breadth, and of printed, painted, stained, or dyed Irish linens, callicoes, cottons, or cottons mixed with linen to any places, on the exportation to which bounties arc payable, shall in the entry of such goods at the port of exportation, express the quantity thereof, and the value, exclusive of all printing, painting, ilaining or dying, and the marks on each box or package, and shall make and subscribe an affidavit on such entry, or if known quaker an affirmation to the following elibel.

/ A.B. make oath) or af.rm, that the above entry or invoice of linen is true andfairt and that the value of the said linens as exUreffed in the said entry is not averaged) in or-6 (fz der

' .524 5TA? thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

der to reduce the value of any parcel or piece of fuc h limn under one filling and seven

I79-5. pence halfpenny per yard, and that m parcel or piece of fuel) linenf,r v-hieh I claim a

Chap. $, bounty of three halfpence per yardt it of greater value, exclufve of all printing) painting, L-—V'-* Jlaining) er dying, than one filling and/even pence halfpenny pier yard.

And shall likewise endorse on the cockct granted upon such entry, the true quantity and value of the linens, or other goods intended to be shipped, and shall before he receives such bounty, produce a certificate from the fcarcher or other proper officer appointed to see the fame shipped, verifying the Slipping thereof, and likewise give sufficient security to the collector or other chief officer of the port in the penalty of double the value of the goods intended to be exported, and of one hundred pounds more, which security every such collector or other officer is hereby empowered and required to lake by bond payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, conditioned ‘that such linens, diapers, huckabacks, flicetings, or other species of linens, caflieocs, <or cottons, or cottons mixed, so shipped, or intended to be shipped, or any part -thereof, shall not be landed or brought upon shore again i.i any part or parts of Great Britain, Ireland, or the Iflo of Man; and fiial! also before he receives any bounty, make 01th, or if a known quaker make affirmation, which affidavit, oath, or affirmation, the said officer is hereby empowered to administer, of the value -of such linens, cnliicucs, cottons, or cottons mixed, and that the fame were made in Ireland.

II. And be it enacted, That the exporter of all Irifl) made sail-cloth or canvas Dull, before he receive* any bounty, make oat!i> or if a known quaker make affirmation, which oath or affirmation the proper officer of the revenue at the port where the same shall be shipped, is hereby empowered to administer that such sail-cloth or canvas was made in Ireland, and is actually exported, or shipped to be exported without any intention to be landed in any part of Great Britain, Ireland, thclflc of Man, France, or the French dominions m Europe, and that no former reward or bounty on export has been paid for the same.

III. And for the better credit of the said manufactures, and to prevent frauds in obtaining bounties thereon, be it further cnatted, That if the trustees of the hempen and linen manufactures shall appoint any person or persons at any of the ports in this kingdom, to insped linens intended to be exported on bounty, and shall give

notice thereof in writing to the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, no bounty 'shall be paid after such notice at any port at which such person shall be appointed to 'insped, unless it shall appear to the surveyor or other officer at the port, by some seal

or mark affixed to each package of linen by such person or persons in manner herein after mentioned, that he has examined the fame, nor unless it shall also appear by the certificate of such person or persons, that such linens are of good, found, and

merchantable -quality.

IV. And in order to prevent abuses in obtaining such bounty, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any surveyor, or any officer of the revenue, after the entry of any linens ot other goods, as being entitled to bounty, and before and after the shipping thereof, to open and examine any bale, truss, or -other package, to fee if die goods arc duly entered and endorsed on the crckct; and -if on any such examination the same shall be found to be duly entered and e ndorfed, the officer shall at his own charge, cause the same to be repacked, which charge fluff be allowed-to such officers by die commissioners of the revenue, if they shall think rit-reasonable.

V. And be it further enacted, That if upon view and examination by the proper 'officers of - the revenue, it fl-all appear that all or any piece or pieces oflinm, chequed or flripcd linen, printed, painted, fumed, cr dyed linen, callico, cotton, or cotton mixed, which shall be entered foi exportation, as entitled to bounty, is or are of

greats

4-

The thirty-third Year of George III.

greater value than one shilling and (even pence halfpenny per yard, cxciufivo of any value arising from its being painted, printed, stained, or dyed; or that any piece or pieces of diaper, huckaback, Jhccting, or other species of linen, upwards of one yard in breadth, which shall be entered for exportation, as entitled to the bounty hereby granted, is or are of greater value than one shilling and seven pence halfpenny the square yard, that then and ia every such case, the exporter or feller oi such linen for exportation shall, upon demand made in writing by the surveyor of the port where such goods and merchandizes are entered, deliver or cause to be delivered, so many pieces of such linen as shall be demanded by the said officer, into his Majesty's warehouse, at the port of exportation, for the life and benefit of the crown, and upon such delivery, the surveyor of such port, with the privity of the collector or other chief officer shall, out of any money in the hands of such collector applicable thereto, pay to such exporter or feller for exportation, the value of one (lulling and eight pence halfpenny per yard; and also if the fame be printed, painted, staincti, or dyed, the full value cost, and expence of such printing, painting, ..framing or dying, taking a receipt for the fame from such exporter or feller for exportation, in full satisfaction for such goods, as if they had been regularly fold; and the commissioners of the revenue shall cause such goods to be fairly and publicity sold to the bell advantage, and out of the produce thereof, the money so paid or advauecd as aforesaid, shall be repaid to such collector, to be replaced to the account of his Mu-jetty’s revenue; and if any overplus shall remain after defraying the expences of such falc, and the necessary charges incident thereto, one moiety of such overplus shall be paid into the receipt of the exchequer, towards defraying the expences of his Majesty's government, and the other moiety to the proper officers who shall have search-cd and examined such linens.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall enter for exportation any linen, callico, cotton, or cotton mixed, at any value exclusive of the \ aluc of its being printed, painted, stained, or dyed, not exceeding the value of one shilling and seven pence halfpenny per yard, or any diaper, huckaback, fhecting, or other linen, upwards of a yard in breadth, at any value as aforesaid, not exceeding one (lulling and seven pence halfpenny per square yard, and which upon view and examination of the proper officer of the revenue shall be thought to be of greater value before its being printed, painted, stained, or dyed, than one {lulling and seven pence halfpenny per yard or square yard respectively; and shall on' demand made in writing by the surveyor, or other officer of the port where such linen U entered for exportation, refuse to deliver, or cause to be delivered, all or any one of the pieces of such linen, diaper, or huckaback, or fliecting, into his Majesty’.s warohouse at such port, for the use and benefit of the crown, and to receive from the said officers of the revenue at the said port, the value of one shilling and eight pence halfpenny per yard, or square yard respectively for such linen, together with the value, cost, or expmcc of printing, dying, painting, or framing the fame, as the fame may be, in full f <-tiifaclion for the fame; or if the proper officers of the revenue shall, upon view or examination, find any such linen which shall be entered for exportation, at the vJue of six pence halfpenny per yard, or above that value, not exceeding one shilling and frven pence halfpenny per yard, to be under the value as aforesaid, of six pence halfpenny prryard, or which shall be entered at the value of five pence per yard, or above that value, and not amounting to the value of six pence halfpenny per yard,' to ! c under the value as aforesaid, of five pence per yard; or if any such linen shall he less in quantity than shall be expressed in the said endorsement, on the said entry or cocket, enr shall not bt of the breadth of twenty-five inches at the Jeaft, or of the breadth of one yard, if to entered; or if-the fame shall be entered or endorsed under a wrong dsiiominatibh,' whereby the said bounty, or any part thereof, might have been fraudulently obtimic'd,‘that then and in every such case, all such linen, callico,

Vol. dCVI. 6 R cctton.

525

A.D. 1793. Chap. 8.

Cn

26 The ibi)ly-tLiid Year of George III.

A.D.

cotton, or cotton mixed, which shall be so refuted to be delivered, or that shall be 1 under the value as aforesaid, of six pence halfpenny per yard, or five pence per yard

-Chap. S< respectively, or shall appear to be less in quantity than expressed in such enJorfcir.enr, or be under the breadth of twenty-five inches, or one yard lefpcctively, or c:;i^r:J or csidorfed under a wrong denomination, and also the goods contained in all and every package or packages endorsed on such entry or cockct, shall be forfeited, */>-gether with such package or packages, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the revenue, and the owner or merchant shall not be entitled to receive any bounty for such goods.

V5l. And to prevent linen of a bad quality, or fraudulently made up, fren K ing exported, be it enacted, That after notice given as aforesaid to the said commissioners, no bounty shall be paid on any such linen, caliico, cotton, cotton mixed, dirper, or huckaback, which shall be exported as aforesaid, out of any port where any in-ipc&or or other persons shall be appointed, unless such inspector or other person to be appointed ns aforesaid by the trustees of the linen and hempen manufactures, ItaH by some foal or mark affixed to each package thereof, certify his having examined the fame, or shall, in the presence of the surveyor or other officer of the revenue, -.examine the fame, and affix his seal or mark thereto.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any plain, chequed, or striped Irish linen, or Rained, painted, printed, or dyed Irish -linen, caliico, cotton, or cotton mixed, diaper, huckaback, iheering, or failcloth, or canvas, for which the bounty shall have been givt?n or claimed, shall be landed in Great Britain, Ireland, the iflc of Alan, France, or the French dominions in Europe, die exporter or exporters thereof shall forfeit the fame, or the value thereof; and every person concerned in bringing back, or landing the fame ns aforesaid, shall forfeit one stuffing for every yard or square yard of such linen, caliico, cotton, or cotton mixed respectively, and two shillings for every ell of such canvas or sail-cloth so brought back or landed.

IX. And be it enacted, That no allowance shall be given upon the exportation from hence, of any manufacture made in this kingdom of silk, or silk mixed with any other material, unless oath, or in the case of a known quaker solemn affirmation, be made by the exporter, before such collector or other officer of the port of exportation, which oath or affirmation such officer is hereby empowered and required to administer, that such goods arc of Irish manufacturc, and intended to be exported, and not intended to be relanded in any part of Ireland; and on the exporter’s giving sufficient security to the said coJleftor or other officer of the port, which security any such officer is empowered to take in the name, and to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successiors, by bond, in the penalty of the value of the goods, conditioned that such goods shall not be relanded or brought on fiiore again in any port or place in this kingdom, and for such part of such goods as shall be entered for, or landed in Great Britain, the ifiands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, a condition of the said bond shall be to bring a certificate in discharge thereof, within six calendar months after the date of the said bond, which certificate shall be signed by the proper officer or officers of his Majesty's customs there, and for want of such officer residing in any of the said ifiands, then by the governors of the said ifiands, or by the deputy governors thereof respectively, and for such of the said goods as shall be entered for, or landed in any of his Majesty's plantations in America, or in the British dominions in the West Indies, or the British settlements on the coast of Africa, a condition of the bond {balk he to bring a certificate within eighteen months after the date of such bond, signed by the officer or officers usually signing. certificates of a like nature there, importing that such goods were landed, and telbfying the landing thereof; and for such silks, ftufls, or other manufactures as aforesaid, as shall be so -entered for any foreign port or place, a condition of the bond fttal) be to bring a certificate under the common seal of the -chief magistrate, in such port or place, or

under

The thirty-third Year of George III.

under thehands and Teals of two known Britishi merchants, then being at Tech port or place, that such silks or other manufactures were there landed; which certificates ih,ill respectively testify that such goods were landed at the places from whence such certificates shall have been given, and when produced, and duly proved, shall respectively be a fall and sufficient discharge for such bonds so respectively entered into; and in case such goods shall be token by enemies, or perish in the sea, such bonds shall be discharged upon fatbfaflory proof thereof being made before the commissioners of therevenue for the time being, or any four or more of them.

X. And for better preventing frauds on the entering of any such goods under a wrong denomination, to the prejudice of his Majesty's revenue, be it further cnnfted, That it shall and may be lawful for any searcher, or any proper officer of the revenue, at anytime after the entry of any such goods, and before or after the Hupping, thereof, to open and examine every bale, tnifs, chest, or other package; and if on such examination the goods shall be found to be lightly entered, the officer shall, at his own charge, cause the same to be repacked, to the satisfaction of the exporter, which charge shall he allowed to such officer by the commissioners of the revenue, if they shall think it reasonablej but in case such -officer shall find such goods, or any part thereof, to have been entered under a wrong denomination, whereby his Majesty might have been defrauded in the allowance to be paid on the exportation of such goods, contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, all such goods so falsely entered, shall be forfeited, and may be seized, and the person or persons-making or causing such false entry to be made, shall forfeit double the value of such goods.

XI. Provided always, That no allowance shall be demanded or made for any of such manufactures of silk mixed with gold and silver, where they are only mixed at the edges or ends of the pieces, nor for any of such manufactures of fille mixed with any other materials, unless two-thirds at least of the ends or threads of the warp be of silk, or mixed or twilled with silk in the warp, so that such silk shall be apparent, nor unless the silk therein used shall be at least double the value of the allowance in* tended to be obtained on the exportation thereof, and if any doubt shall arise whether such goods or manufactures were made in Ireland, or touching the quality of such goods or manufactures, the proof shall lie on the exporter, clnimer, or owner thereof, and not on the officer.

XII. And be it enacted, That all bounties and allowances on die exportation of the manufactures aforesaid, shall be paid out of all or any of the Jnonies arising from all or any of the duties granted by parliament, and not appropriated to any particular purpose, in the hands ofihe collector of the pert where such goods shall be shipped for exportation.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That die Taid bounties shall be paid on demand without fee or reward, to the exporter or feller for exportation, subject to the several regulations herein contained.

XIV. And belt further enacted, That all the penalties and forfeitures aforesaid, shall be sued for, levied, and recovered, by such ways, means, rules, and direction.e, and with such powers as are appointed, directed, and exprdied in and by an act made in this kingdom in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of his late Majesty Charles the Second", entitled, An act for ike settling of the excise, ami new itnfo/l upon his Majesty, his heirs and ficcessors, aesording to the hook of rates therein ivferted; or by any other li\v now in force relative to the revenue of excise in this kingdom, concerning the penalties and forfeitures therein mentioned, as fully and effi.finally as if the fame were particularly mentioned, specified, end enacted in this act, with like remedy* of appeal for the party aggrieved, as in and by the said act of excise, or any other ktar cr laws now of force relative to the-duty of excise is provided.

XV. And be it enacted, That this act shall continue of force until the twenty-fifth lay of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and no longer.

6 R 2 CHAP.

527

A.D. 1793. Chap. 8.

The ih'irty-lh'ird Year of George III.

CHAP. IX.

Art Act for granting the several Sums therein mentioned, fir certain Pious and Charitable Purposes.

fci|*irc<J. T WHEREAS by an act passed in this session of parliament, entitled, J>i nl

for granting fir one year the several duties therein mentioned, in Hen of all oilvt duties payable upon the articles therein specified, during the said term, andfir continuing the eject of the treaty of commerce and navigation signed at Versailles on the twenty sixth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, between his Majesty and the mofi Christian King, and fir regulating the trade between this kingdom and his Maj.fft colonies, and fir other purposes therein mentioned; the funi of forty-one thousand pounds, was granted to be applied in such manner as parliament should direct, for the advancement of trade and manufactures, and the maintenance of hospitals, charities, and public institutions, and the further improvement of this kingdom, by building churches and other publick works: be it therefore enacted by the King’? most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consentof die }ords spiritual and ' temporal, ami commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the sum of thirty-two thousand pounds, part of the said fain of forty-one dioufand pounds, be applied to the pious and charitable uses herein after mentioned; that is to say, the sum of five thousand pounds, part of the said sum of thirty-two thousand pounds, be granted to the board of first fruits, for building new churches, and re-building old churches in such parishes as no publick divine service-has been performed in for twenty years lad pad; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said board to apply such part of the said grant of five thousand pounds to the encouragement of the building of glebe houses, upon such terms as they shall think fit 5 that the sum of twelve thousand pounds, part of the said sum of diirty-t-wo thousand pounds, be given to the incorporated society, as a full provision for supporting the protedant charter schools of this kingdom, for one year, to the twenty-fifih day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four; that the sum of five thousand pounds, part of the said sum < f thirty-two dioufand pounds, be given to the governors of the foundling hospitul and work house, towards enabling diem to discharge the debts by them contrafted for the use of that charity, and towards fiiji-porting their necessary expences; diat the sum of eight thousand pounds, part of the said sum of thirty-two dioufand pounds, be given to the corporation for the relief of the poor in the city of Dublin, for the support of the house of industry, in aid of the charitable contributions, for one year, to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred ami ninety fourthat the sum of one thousand pounds, part of the said sum of thirty-two thousand pounds, be given to the governors of the Hibernian school for the support of that charity; that the sum of one thousand pounds, part of the said sum of thirty-two dioufand pounds, be given to die Hibernian marine society, towards supporting the said charity.-

II. And be it enacted, That the said several Aims by this act granted, be paid by the vtcc-treasurer or vice-treasurers, receiver general or receivers general of this kingdom, his or their deputy or deputies, without any further or ether warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained in that behalf.

528 A.D. 1793.

3

CHAP.

The thirty-third Year of George III. 529

A.D. 1793.

CHAP. X. V—v-o

An Act for confirming, amending, and enlarging the Powers vefied in the Corporation for promoting and carrying on the Newry Navigation.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the twenty-seventh year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for direct-

kg the application of the funds granted by parliament, for promoting and carrying on inland navigations in this kingdom, and for the purposes therein mentioned, it was amongst other things enacted, That the corporation for promoting and carrying on the inland navigations in Ireland, should cease, be void, and dissolved; and that all canals, navigations, trackways, wears, lands and houses adjoin- veaed'i’nlo-ing thereto, locks, stores, and implements whatever, belonging to commas, the said corporation, should be severally and respectively vetted in the persons who should happen to be local commissioners of each several navigation, at the time of such dissolution; and his grace

the lord primate, the governor or lieutenant-governor, and custodes pointed com-rotulorum of the counties of Down, Armagh, Tyrone, Londonderry and Antrim, the knights of the fliires, and all the members ,^rc° of parliament for the several and respective boroughs within the f«, below said five counties, and all other members of either house of parliament residing within any of the said recited counties, together with the lords of the several manors through which the said canal pafies, and the seneschal and collector of Newry, all for the time being 5 and also lord viscount Powerfcourt, lord Castleftewart, the honourable Thomas Knox, William Stewart, esquire, James Caulfield, esquire, John Staples, esquire, and Alexander Richardson, were thereby constituted and appointed commissioners for managing, di-resting, improving, repairing, and governing the said navigation from Loughneagh to the sea, below Fathom point, and it was

thereby enacted, that the said commissioners should be a corpora- a corporation, r , with all pow-'

tion by the name of the corporation for promoting and carrying cr!j &c.

on the Newry navigation; and that all rights, powers, and authorities, which were vetted in the corporation for promoting and carrying on inland navigation in Ireland, so far as the fame were necessary to enable the said corporation by the said act appointed to manage, ciireft, and improve, repair and govern the said navigation, from Loughneagh to the sea, below Fathom point, should be,

Vol. XVI. 6 S and

53?

A.D. 1793. Chap. io,

and powers for levying.

&c.

Newry navigation found benefcial; extending it would be advantageous.

so much of 27 G. 3. C. 50. as relates to Newry navigation eon-tinned.

corporation to have perpetual succes-. jion, and a seal, &c. and purchase* &c. not more than 500). a year;

and dispose of fame;

also empowered to extend the canal from Fathom point to the sea, near Rvland river, in Lower D uu-- dalle:

and from Bann toot, to the Dlack-- water foot;

The thirty-third Year of George III.

and the fame were thereby vested in the said corporation for promoting and carrying on the said Newry navigation; and it was thereby Amongst other things enacted, that all trackways, wears, lands, and houses adjoining thereto, locks, stores, and implements whatever, belonging to the aforesaid navigation, and all right thereto; and all and every the like powers and authorities for levying and collecting, and all such tolls, rates, duties, fines, penalties and forfeitures, which had been, or should be imposed thereon, with the :penalties for enforcing their better colletflion, should be, and were thereby vested in the said corporation for promoting and carrying on the Newry navigation, in as full and ample a manner, as the fame could or might have been raised or collected by the corporation for promoting and carrying on inland navigations in Ireland, or any of their officers or fen-ants to be by them employed in improving, repairing, and maintaining the said navigation: And whereas the said Newry navigation has been found most highly beneficial, and the deepening and widening the present canal, and extending the said navigation below Fathom, further towards the deep water of the sea, would be highly advantageous; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent' Majesty, by and with the advice and consentof the lords spiri-' tual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said act of the twenty-seventh year of his present Majesty, so far as the fame relates to the said corporation for promoting and carrying on the said Newry navigation, and the estate, property, power and authorities thereby granted to the said corporation be, and the fame and every part ’thereof is, and are hereby confirmed; and that the said corporation shall have perpetual succeslion and a common ‘seal, and by the name of the corporation for promoting and carrying on the Newry navigation, -may sue and be sued, and shall be capable in law to purchase and ’take messuages, lands, tenements and hereditaments, not exceeding the value of five hundred pounds a year, at the time of such purchase; and to grant, alien, demise, or dispose of the fame, or any pan thereof, at their free will and pleasure; and further, that the said corporation be, and are hereby empowered and fully authorised by themselves and their agents, overseers, workmen and servants, to deepen and widen in such manner, as to them shall seem proper, and carry on and complete the said navigation, from Loughneagh to the sea, below Fathom point; and further to extend the said navigation, by making a navigable canal from Fathom -in the county of Armagh, to the sea, near Ryland river, in the barony of Lower Dundalk, in the county of Louth; and from that part of the river Bann, called Bann Foot, to that part of the Black-.4 water,

The thirty-third Year of George III.

water, called the BlackwaterFoot, all in the baronies of Oneiland, in the said county of Armagh; and further, that the said corporation be, and are hereby empowered and authorised to make such banks, trackways, towing paths, drains and navigable cuts, and off-branches, from such part or parts of the aforesaid line of navigation, as may appear to them expedient; and to open all rivers and lakes, and make all such outlets, inlets, and other off-branches, cuts, drains, and navigations, reservoirs, passages, dams and wears, as may by the said corporation be judged necessary, for carrying on the said works, and supplying the said navigation and off-branches with water.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said corporation, and that they shall hold a general meeting within twenty-one days next after the passing of this act; and shall for ever hereafter hold two general meetings in every year, in the said town of Newry, namely on the first Monday in January, and first Monday in May in every year, in the town of Newry, and also two general meetings in every year, on the first Monday in August, and the first Monday in November, at some convenient place to be appointed on or near the head level of the said canal, and from time to time to adjourn such assemblies, and at such assemblies or any adjournment thereof, to make such bye-laws, rules, or orders, for the better government of their affairs, and of their members, and for making such contrail and contracts, agreement and agreements, and for appointing such officers, servants, and persons for carrying on the said navigation, and the trade thereof, and thereon as they shall think fit, and to vary or repeal such bye-laws, rules and orders, and to make new ones for the good and orderly using and improving tire said navigation, and for settling the wages, and for the well governing the lock-keepers, seamen, bargemen, watermen, boatmen, bridge-keepers, turnpike-keepers, and all other officers, servants, and persons to be appointed or employed by the said corporation, and the conveyance, carriage, and preservation of goods to be conveyed upon, or by the said canal, and to impose reasonable fines and forfeitures upon all persons offending therein, such fines and forfeitures to be levied by such ways and means as the said corporation shall (Tired, so as no such fine shall exceed five pounds upon any person for one offence, and the said bye-laws shall be put into writing under the seal of the said corporation, and shall be binding to, and be observed by all parties, and shall be sufficient in any court of law or equity, to justify all persons who shall act under the fame, or in levying any penalty or forfeiture thereby incurred.

6S 2

and to make banka, trackways, &c.

and to open ‘ rivers, &c.

and make off-branches, &c.

A general meeting within 21 days after parting this act;

a general meeting m Newry, oa fir/l Monday in January and in May; and on first Monday in August, and in November, near the head of said canal; and to adjourn, make bye laws, contrails, appoint officers, &c.

fines not to exceed 5l. for one offence; bye-laws under seal of corporation, good in law.

S32 A.D. 1793.

io.

2i members to be present at every meeting-

Corporation 'may borrow money on debentures, at legal inicrif.

'The thirty-third Year of George III.

III. And be it enacted, That to constitute such general meeting, twenty-one members of the said corporation shall attend and be present, and if such number of members do not attend, then it shall and may be lawful for such members of said corporation as do attend, or if no members thereof do attend, for the secretary of said corporation to adjourn the meeting, and to call a new general meeting of said corporation within fourteen days from the time of the said adjournment, giving six days notice of such meeting in the Belfalt aiubNewry newspapers, to the members of said corporation.

IV. Provided always, That the said bye-laws shall not be contrary to the laws and statutes of this realm, and that no bye-law or laws shall be made or agreed to, or repealed or altered by the said corporation at the fame meeting, at which such bye-law was proposed to be made, repealed, or altered.

V. Provided always, That ten days notice at the least, including the day of such notice, and the day of meeting, previous to such meeting shall be given and publishedin the Belfast and Newry-newspapers, of thelime and place of holding such general assemblies; but nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to prevent the said corporation adjourning from day to day, or for any longer time, without giving any fuclrnotice in the newspapers.

VI. And be :it enacted, That on every such general meeting, the first kufmefs to be done, shall be to read, ratify, or confirm, or disapprove, vary, alter, change, or annul the proceedings, rules, orders, or regulations, which shall have been made at the last general-meeting of the said corporation, or at any intermediate assembly . or assemblies thereof: 'Provided always, That at every such general quarterly meeting or adjournment thereof, and at every general meeting to be called as herein after is directed, or adjournment thereof, there shall be present in person twenty-one members at the least, who shall have a right to vote at such assemblies, or otherwise such assembly shall have no power to carry into execution any of the powers or authorities hereby given.

VII. And in as much as it will be necessary for the said corporation to raise considerable sums of money for the aforesaid improvement and extenlion of the said canal; 'be it enaflerl, That it shall and may be lawful for the said corporation to take up, and borrow' upon the credit of the said -works and their estate therein, such sums of money as they shall have occasion to expend oil said works, at any rate of interest, not exceeding the legal interest of money for the time being, and to strike debentures for such film so borrowed in such manner as the said corporation

by The thirty-third Year of George III. 533

by their bye-laws shall appoint, which debentures shall be an actual A.D. charge and lien upon such parts of the said corporation estate as 1793' shall be therein specified. ddX~—J

VIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it Corporation

J niav open a

shall and may be lawful for the said corporation, to open a lub- fubiciipnoa feription for the said intended loan, to enable them to finish the foralMn! said works, to be paid at one payment, or in such gales as the said corporation shall direct or appoint, and if the said subscription shall ;ft0 |,c pats be paid in gales, the said corporation are hereby empowered to specify the terms and times of such payments, and to enter the umm to be fame in their books, and to annex such penalties and forfeitures to the completion of the said subscription, or to the non-performance " of the terms of subsetibing, as shall by them be resolved upon, and peribtroar.rt. entered in their said books in manner aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That Robert Ross, and IsaacCorry, esquires, and fir Thomas Hyde Page, knight, and the represen-

tatives in parliament for the borough of Newry, and also the in- corporation: heritors or owners for the time being, of the towns and lands of Gilford, Scarva, Lifnabreag, Dromantine and Roftrevor, in the county of Down, shall be added to the said corporation, and be members thereof, and also that it shall and may be lawful for the proprietors for the time being, of such loan debentures, and in the p^ctori ,r mean time for subscribers to the said loan who shall have paid their subscription, or the deposite that shall be required, (on ac- mean time, count of such subscription,) in person by writing under hand and K'to'ap-W seal, to appoint and elect for the term of three years, seven mer- tr"

chants resident in the town of Newry, to be added to the said cor- Newry 10 be poration, during which term of three years, the said seven merchants p,r«i0'°f0"r so elected and appointed, and each, of them shall to all intents and 3Vcars: purposes, have authority to vote and aft at all assemblies and meetings of the said corporation, and in all other respects be actual members thereof, and shall in every respect be lb taken and considered; the first election of the said seven merchants to be made ( or held at the first; quarterly general meeting, to be held next after the fuin of ten thousatul pounds shall be raised by fiiid corporation '"h

on said loan debentures, or subscribed thereto, and such election fc'-rferibo! , shall so be made and held at the end of every three years, or within one month after the expiration thereof, to be computed from the w"tis' day of the said first election, and so from time to time at the end of every three years for ever.

X. Provided always, That no proprietor of said loan debentures SoWtrilMn or subscriber to said loan, to a less amount than five hundred pounds, <* id's th m shall have any right to vote in person or by proxy, for the appoint-

Vol. XVI. ’ 6 T ' ’ ment

another elelted at next general meeting.

534 The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

ment of said seven merchants, or any of them, and that a proprie-1793' for of loan debentures, or a subscriber to the amount of one thousand pounds, shall have two votes in said appointment, and an act-ppp jetors, ditional vote for every sum of five hundred pounds, of which he have a vote shall actually and bona fide be the proprietor of, or subscriber to at for every the time of such appointment or eieftion.

iCt>1'

XI. Provided always, That if any of said seven merchants shall the merchants during the term of his appointment, or shall become a bank-die,become a rupt, and that a commission of bankruptcy Hides against him, or ceaS«- shall cease to reside In the said town of Newry, or shall clioofe to tores°gn*ande re^Sn h's laid appointment under his hand and seal, and shall no-ootify io.fe- tifjr and deliver the said resignation to the secretary for the time ftaUceafe'to being, of said corporation, then and from thenceforth such merchant *a; shall cease to act as, or be one of the said corporation, and the proprietors of the said loan debentures, or subscribers thereto of five hundred pounds each as aforesaid, shall at the next general meeting of said corporation in manner aforesaid, elect other resident merchant or merchants of the said town of Newry, in the room, place, and stead of the merchant or merchants so dead, become bankrupt, non-resident or resigning, which merchant or merchants so elected, shall to all intents and purposes, for the residue of the term of three years from the appointment of the person or persons in whose room he or they shall be elected, have authority to vote ' and aft at all meetings of the said corporation, and be actual member or members thereof, and shall for every such term be deemed, taken and considered as one of the said corporation.

XII. And be it enacted, That at any time in the interval between ml impend" one Senera^ meeting of the said corporation and another, any nnm-any clerk, ber confiding of not less than seven members of said corporation, &c^&c.C(save for the time being, or the majority of such meeting, shall have secretary power to suspend any clerk, lode-keeper, bridge-keeper, store-house-accountant, keeper, turnpike-keeper, collector of tolls, inspector, seaman, barge-ncers^bc- man, waterman, boatman, or other person employed or to be em-/nccdn|s"eral pl°7ed by the said corporation, save the treasurer, secretary, accountant and engineers,) for breach or neglect of duty, and may during such interval between one general meeting and another, order nd may order Payment any sum of money for repairs of the said works from payment for the sea to the town of Newry, not exceeding in the whole the sum »«een\be of seventy-five pounds, and for repairs of the said works from Newry Newry, not to or towards Loughneagh, not exceeding in the whole the sum of exceed7sl. twenty-five pounds; provided that estimates of such repairs veri-Newrytowards fied by the oath of one or more engineers to be employed by the exceeding corporation, shall be first laid before such meeting, and approv-

al-

cd

The thirty-third Year of George III. 535

ed of by the majority thereof, before any sum of money shall be A.D. granted or ordered to be paid for making such repairs, but no aft 1793' or appointment to office or place, or order for payment of money, exeeding the said respective sums of seventy-five pounds,andtwenty- etlima-.es «> five pounds, and those for repairs only, that may become necessary bj-oa.h of enduring such intervals between one general meeting and another, shall be made at any such intermediate meeting of the said corporation, by majority,

_ , rr 1 , noadt, but

nor shall any act, appointment to office, place, or employ ment^n, such order for

upon, about, or touching, or concerning the said navigation, be

made by the said corporation, unless at a general meeting thereof, <*®>7be-;' - tivetn inter-

and uniels at such general meeting twenty-one members at lead of vais, to be

said corporation shall be present at the time of making such order,

whose names shall be inserted therein. ’ meetings;

XIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no per- pointment to son or persons shall be appointed treasurer of the said corporation, mrat-ot shall be eligible to said office, who now is, or are, or shall at the lnS-

time of his or their election or appointment thereto, be a merchant, ( Noperson trader, or dealer, or liable to have a commission or commissions of Jj treasurer. bankruptcy issued against: him or them, by reason of any dealing'or S,^11 be trading in which he or they is or shall be engaged, and if any bankruptcy: treasurer or treasurers hereafter elected or appointed to said office, if treaforor. shall after his or their election or appointment to said office, enter ,"®an,r into any dealing or trading, whereby he or they shall become liable to become bankrupt, or to have a commission or commissions of "bankrupt," bankruptcy iflfued against: him or them, pursuant to the laws now Jj°deacj.all in force, or that may be hereafter enacted in this kingdon, relating to bankrupts, then and in that case; be it enacted, that the said corporation shall proceed to the appointment or election of a new treasurer or treasurers, in the room and (lead of the treasurer or treasurers so becoming a dealer or dealers, trader or traders, as if the said office were actually void.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the'treasurer of said corporation

for the time being, shall open an account with the governor and Treasurer company of the bank of Ireland, and shall from time to time remit to the said bank, the money which he shall receive arising from f' tolM-c. the tolls, estates, and other profits of the said corporation, and shall Ireland; never retain at any time in his hands of the money of the said cor- nottokecp poration for the space of ten days, a sum exceeding one hundred pounds sterling, on pain of forfeiting half a years salary for so dor days! or firing, unless specially directed so to do by an order of a general y^flury, meeting of the said corporation, for the necessary occasion of said "tnlarfs°n'^1r|C‘1 works, which order shall not be valid, unless twenty-one members meeting, of said corporation shall be present when the fame is made, and such [Sm^/ard 6T 2 order f«r«a»y-

536

The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D. order shall be signed by the chairman of the meeting, and counter-

1793* signed by the secretary, and no money shall be paid' by the trea-

Chap. io. purer of t|ic fa;j corporation for any purpose whatsoever, favc as

iiomor.tyir.U aforesaid, without the order of twenty-one members of the said

otherwise, corporation, and that in every draft to be drawn by the treasurer of

treasurer’s the said corporation, for any money upon the bank of Ireland, every

bank M.con- such draft shall contain the date of the order, by which the fuin

itam date of j every such draft contained was directed to be paid,'and the order* name -

and purpose; name of the person to whom such money was so ordered to be payable on paid, and the short purpose as expressed in every such order, for demand; -yphieh such payment was directed to be made, and every such draft shall be made payable upon demand, and no fee, gratuity, reward, discount, or other sum or sums of money, nor any gratuity shall be asked, demanded, received, or taken, directly or indirectly

Ireasurcrto forfeit his

-to examme works* collection of tolls* &c.

employment by the treasurer of the said corporation, for or on account of money fee,'and?- to be paid by him, pursuant to the orders of the said corporation, bte the sum. un(]er penalty of losing the said employment, and of forfeiting treble the sum so asked, demanded, received, or taken, to the person paying the fame, to be recovered by civil bill.

XV. And be it enacted, That a meeting confiding of not lei's of 7 maybe than seven members of said corporation, may be held at Netvry he! weekly, gaturc]ay jn every week, for the purpose of examining into the conduct of said works, enquiring into the date and condition of the said canal, the collection of the tolls and profits thereof, examine ittg the conduit of the officers employed therein, and of inspecting ' the treasurers accounts, with power to suspend any officer of said with power to corporation, save the treasurer, secretary, engineers and accountants) as^before^VC unt^ £'le next general meeting, and every such weekly meeting shall until generJ be attended by the secretary of the corporation, if they shall require fetretafy to him so to do, and every such weekly meeting shall enter their pro-^eetbigs\fl>r coolings in a book to be by them kept for the said purpose, and weekly meet ‘n cak emergency or necessity, such weekly meeting shall have mgs entered; power to summon extraordinary general meetings of said corpora* emergency tion, first advertising the same as before mentioned, arid giving to the fommon'ex mem^ers of the said corporation, special notice in writing by pod tmorJinary of the said meeting, and of the occasion thereof, six days at lead Him',"* n'"t" before such extraordinary or special meeting shall be appointed to 6 days notice beheld, and the books of such weekly meeting shall be deposited books'krpt with the secretary of the said corporation, and kept by him amongd -and'laM bc'- the other books thereof, and the same shall be always laid before fmc corpo- the said corporation at their several meetings.

XVI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in consideration of the expence and trouble which the said corporation

3 have

The thirty-third Year of George III.

have and shall be put to, in making and maintaining the said navigation, and the extensions and off-branches thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said corporation, and their successors, from time to time, and at all times hereafter, to charge and make payable such rates and duties as the said corporation shall ordain and appoint, for every boat, lighter, raft, or other vessel navigating the said navigation, and its off-branches, or any part thereof, from the said town of Newry upwards, towards or to Loughncagh, or to the Blacfewater Foot, and from the said Lough and Blackivatcr Foot

537 A.D.

I/O

C.lnp. <o.

Corporation in ;y dlinrrc if.tof'and da-«."> .»s list y fluP anpo:nr» for b .'its, 5cd. from N*jivry to Lough-nc.:gJj, or (<5 fll ckivater

downwards, towards or to the said town of Newry, in which any far, upwards goods, merchandizes, or commodities, or other matters whatever want#; -

shall be carried; and that it shall be lawful to and for the said corporation, and their successors, from time to timej and at all limes mindrltcs! hereafter, toafk, demand, receive, and fuefor, to theufeof the *c-, P"r lc»

*999m 1 at t.uMr dll-

said corporation, and their successors, such rates and duties, as the cretonj laid corporation shall ordain and appoint, for and upon every such boat, vessel, raft, or other vessel carrying such goods, merchandizes, and commodities whatsocvcV, which shall be carried upwards or downwards upon the said navigation, at the discretion of tile said corporation, and such rates and duties for every ship, vessel, boat, , ftr t or raft, entering the said navigation from the sea, or passing through ‘-‘i;. vc. cn-said navigation from Newry to the sea, such rates and duties as the f i, u p/fling said corporation shall ordain and appoint, not exceeding in the whole the sum of one shilling and five pence, upon every ton of 's r-l. per the burden of tonage of such ship, vessel, boat, or raft, so navigating upwards or downwards from the sea to the said town of Newry, anti from the said town of Newry to the sea.

XVII. Provided always, That if the said tonage of seventeen peace, shall at any time hereafter be-found inadequate to railing

a sufficient toll, (in aid of the other tolls, to be taken and levied by inadequate, a virtue of this act, between the said town of Newry’ and Loughneagh,) for the payment of the interest of the money to he borrowed for said 2°‘l- "'-w be

r J charged, by

works, with the salaries and expences that shall be payable by the order of ge-said corporation, then and in such case it shall lie lawful for the nC i,>mKlmS-said corporation at any general meeting thereof, to order and di-red such greater and further sum for tonage, not exceeding twenty pence per ton, to be charged, received, levied, and taken in lieu of the said tonage of seventeen pence herein before appointed to be taken as aforesaid, as the said corporation shall think necessary for the payment of such interest, salaries, and expences, and towards establishing from time to time a reasonable and sufficient sinking fund for payment and discharge of the loan.

XVIII.

sfl

A.D. 1793.'Chap. lo.

2 J. p T mile :ibr passengers.

Ships, &c. may be dif. trained, as for rent, or

tolls, &c.

recovered by civil bill; disputes aci-justcid byjustice of peace;

appeal to judge of affise.

Turnpikes on trackvv.iys;

payment as at other turnpikes.

This, and all other canal companies authorised to take gravel, Hones, Src. where they can be h;ul, making com-pcnl'ation, as overseers of roads.

Treasurer to pay int'-rell half yearly j

if he declines, and i year’s intercit due; chancellor. See. may ap-

The.thiriythird Year of George III.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said corporation may in like manner ask, demand, receive, and file for to the ill's of the said corporation, for each passenger carried in any vessel navigating upon the said canal, any sum not exceeding two pence, for every mile such passenger shall be carried.

XIX. 'And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case of refusal to pay the said several.duties, it shall and may be lawful for the said corporation, and their servants, either to distrain said fliipSjVessels or boats, or the goods therein for the fame, and dispose thereof as is usual in cases for non-payment of rent, or to flic for the recovery of the fame by civil bill; and in case any dispute shall arise touching the sum to he paid for any such rate, the same shall lie adjusted by any justice of the peace of the county in which such dispute shall happen, with liberty for cither party to appeal from such determination, to the next going judges of assize for the county wherein such dispute shall arise, whose determination therein Hull he final.

XX. And be it enadeil by the authority aforesaid, Tint it shall and may he lawful for the said corporation to ered one or more turnpikes upon, or across any of the trackways which now are, or shall he made oil either fide of the said navigation, and to ask, demand, take and receive such tolls, as the said corporation and their successors shall from time to time ordain and appoint, and for payment whereof they may distrain and fell, as is usual at other turnpikes.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said corporation, and alt other companies and corporations for carrying on inland navigations in this kingdom, their agents and servants be, and are hereby invciled with lull power and authority to raise and carry away gravel, (tones, earth, sand, puzzolane, and other cement, and materials for the works of the said navigations and their off-branches^ from any situation where they can he had, making compensation to the owners of the foil, from which the same are taken, in the same manner, and under such restrictions, as overseers of public roads are authorized and directed by several acts of parliament now in force in this kingdom, to make compensation for materials taken by them for bridges and public roads.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the treasurer for the time being, of said corporation, shall half-yearly, pay to the owner of the said loan debentures, the interest due thereon telpedively; and in case the said interest shall be demanded from said treasurer, and refused or declined to be paid, so as that one full years interest shall be due, and in arrear

to

The thirty-third ear of George III.

to the owner of an)’ part of the faiil loan, the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or commissioners of the great leal may, upon petition, and hearing the parties in a lunimary way, make Inch order forfequcf-tering and appointing a receiver of the tolls of laid corporation, for the payment of the interest of ('rid loan debentures, to the owners thereof, as to justice shall appi "... , and as by law the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or commissioners of the great seal is or are empowered to do, under the act for rendering l'eeurities by mortgage more effectual; and that all colls to be incurred by any person in filing for the payment of Inch intcrcll as aforesaid, shall be by the said court ordered to be paid by the said corporation, if it shall appear that such non-payment of such interest has arisen by the fault or neglect of the said corporation, or any officer thereof.

XXIII. Provided always, That the owner or owners of every lean debenture shall, if lie, lhe, or they shall think fit, empower any person by letter of attorney, duly executed under his, her, or their hand or hands and seals and attested, to receive the interest to accrue due upon such debentures, the execution of such powers of attorney nevertheless being duly proved by the affidavit of one or more subscribing witness or witnesses thereto respectively, and to be thereto annexed and entered in the books of the said corporation.

XXIV. And in order to form a sinking fund for the payment of the debt which will be necessarily incurred by the corporation for carrying on said works, if at any time after provision made for the payment of the.interest of said loan debentures, for the repairs of said works, and the fabrics of the officers and servants of the find corporation, a redundancy of five hundred pounds shall remain in the bank of Ireland,.to the credit of said corporation; be it enacted, That the same shall be laid out at interest on government security, or be applied in discharge of the said loan debentures, at the d,f-cretion of the said corporation.

XXV. And be it enacted, That the said corporation shall have, and are hereby invested with all such powers of Aunmoning of juries for the valuation and purchase of lands for their canal, locks, trackways, wharfs, harbours, Acres, and necessary buiiJings, ami for all and singular the other purposes of carrying on their navigation, as the grand canal company, royal canal company, or any other company ol undertakers of inland navigation in this kingdom now have or enjoy under any law or statute whatsoever.

XXVL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases in which a jury of twelve persons empanelled as the la.v requires, have upon their oaths enquired or Oiall hereafter esquire of the value of such ground, lands, houses or buildings, as

6 U 2 have

Jnul costs paid by coi ^oration, if f.uft t.fcorfoi.tron or rrcaforcr.

Qv. re; of debenture* nuy, by letter of atr»r-i.fv, ftnp.r.vtr r.tly'i to rtr-cche inter:*;}, f.icli be:* ptorrd lj-;-.i: l.r.i;.. i-

»i.\ »}, 1

cm M-.i its o0ok«.

a

mbt-car.cv of 5c-jl. in bam:, :ob; Ltd cut tit itj-tcreSl on p->-vcrnmcrii (e-curity, or to dil’cit -rye loan debenture*.

Sim: paw. er< l< r bi*n-i:n^ juries { rv;i!u«u.jn.

When jtirice tiuH b.iv.*

allvibu snd av/-rJed,

'54°

A.D. 179J-

cChap. .10.

and comaiiffioncrj hive Jjiven judg-r.ion:.

and said, or any canal company have paid, or deposited in bank of Ireland, such sums, possession HialS be given j

m case cf rc-fufal, a precept io be illucil to the Oicriff;

Sheriff to give poiTeiiiou, and levy coils by dillrcfs, See.

"Expences hereof to be p. id by treasurer

general issue; a publick ail.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

have been, or shall bethought nccdury to lie purchased for the purpose of carrying on the said navigation, or any other inland navigation in this kingdom, and have allelic.! and awarded, or shall afiefs and award the 1'urn or Anns to he paid to the person or persons interested in said lands, grounds, houses and buildings, for their respective estates, lights, titles, terms and inrerafts therein; and the commissioners presiding at such valuation or valuations, or the majority of them, have given, or shall give judgment for fitch Aim or sums of money so assessed and awarded, or to be assessed and awarded; and the said corporation, or any other corporation or company for carrying on inland navigation in this kingdom have paid, or shall pay, to the several persons interested, or shall pay in and deposit in the bank of Ireland, such sum or sums of money so assessed and awarded as aforesaid, as the value of, and purchase money for such grounds, lands, houses or buildings; all and every person and persons in possession of any such grounds, houses or buildings, or any part thereof, which have. or hath been, or Ilia! be purchased as aforesaid, shall peaceably and quietly deliver up the possession of said premises, to the said corporation or company, or to any person authorised by them to take possession thereof; and in case any such person or persons so in possession as aforesaid, shall refuse to give such possession as aforesaid, then it shall and may he lawful for the said corporation, or any other corporation or company for carrying on inland navigations in this kingdom, to iffite their precept or precepts to the sheriff or (hc-rifls of the county or counties in which said lands, grounds, houses or buildings respectively lie, to deliver possession of the premilts to such person or persons as shall be nominated in said precept or precepts to receive the same; and the sheriff’ and (herifls are hereby required -to deliver such possession accordingly, of the said premises, and to levy such costs as shall accrue from the idiiing and executing of such precept or precepts, on the person or persons so refusing to give possession as aforesaid, by distress and laic of his, Iter, or their goods.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the expences of this act shall he paid by the treasurer of the said.corporation; and if any suit shall be commenced or prosecuted against’ any person or persons for any thing which shall he done in pursuance of this act, such person may plead the general ifltie, and give the special matter in evidence; and that this act shall be deemed, and taken to be a public act.

o

CHAP.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

54i A.D.

!79.v

CHAP. XI.

J

An Act for Regulating and Extending the Tobacco Trade.

WHEREAS it may tend much to the encouragement of the tobacco trade, i

if importers of tobacco tl.ul he allowed to lodge their tobacco in ware-S.oufcs, and to have time for the pa) nient of the duty thereon: thcicfore tc it Loaded by the King's most excellent fcaj; fiy, by ami with the advitc and tonfciit of the lords spiritual and temporal, :.r.d comr.om in this pid'cnl r:f.urbled, and by die authority of the same, That every impeller of (cl aeco ana may

fecuTC a duty alter the rate of four pence for cieiy pound weight thereof, in manner following, that is to say, he or she flail give bond for the amount of such duty after the rate of four pence fa- pound, to be made payable at the end cf fifteen months, to commence from the date of such bond.

Jl. Provided always, That where tobacco tl.all be landed on bill of view, the importer or owner of such tobacco shall, within tui working days after ».\e lauding of such tobacco, make entry thereof, and pay the duty for the fame, or enter into bond for the payment thereof in manner herein curetted* and in failure thereof, every such person shall forfeit ami pay the sum of five pounds for every hoglhcad of such tobacco which ll.all not be entered, and for which the duty il.all not have been paid or secured as aforesaid, over and above the duties payable on such tobacco.

III. And be it enacted, That upon such bond Icing executed, the commissioners or principal officers of the revenue at the respective ports shall cause all such tobacco to be warehoused in the usual manner, and such proprietor or proprietors of such tobacco, or his or their servants II all have free accck into such warehouses at all times within the usual-hours of discharge, and the proper officer or cfHcers, is, and are hereby required to attend without fee and all tobacco so xvarehoused shall be charged and pay such duty as aforesaid, according to the net weight thereof, at the time when such tobacco shall be fold, and delivered cut of such flores.

IV. And be it further enacted, That such.proprietor or proprietors of such tobacco, shall respectively pay all the charges and expences incurred in any way by unfl.ipping, or conveying any tobacco from the ftvcral and respective ships importing the fame, to the respective warehouses in which the fame tobacco it to be deposited as aforesaid or in conveying the tobacco from such respective warehouses to and on beard the fevered and respective ships in which the fame shall be respectively exported to foreign parts, favc and except the charges cf paying the revenue efUu.-., under whole special care the said tobacco shall be so re fpcfiivdv conveyed either from the snip to the wareheufe on importation, or from the warthouse tc the flip cn exportation, any law 01 usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further matted, That the respective oprictors of tobacco so to be brought as aforesaid to the respective warehcufcsLifcicnx. oixd, shall be a the expence of flripping or taking the hogfhears in which he .* fcaeco 1. all be so ir.ported as aforesaid from the tobacco, before the same shall be so weighed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case any tobacco which shal: have been cnteicd, and the duty thereon paid or secured in manner aforesaid, shall be exported from thi-; kingdom, the exporter shall upon the exportation thereof, within three years from the importation, on producing a proper debenture obe made out for that purpose, be paid or allowed to draw back the whole net duty attually paid at or

6 X

after

542

The thh ty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

793-Chap, ii

after the Importation of such quantity so exported, or in case any such tobacco H all be exported within the tunc aforesaid, by the person or persons who shall Iiave entered into bond, and futh bend shall not have been discharged, such person or persons so exporting such tobacco, flioIJ have the bond vacated, or allowance made by entry on the’back of such bond, for such quantity of tobacco r.s shall be so exported, as the case shall be, any law or custom to the contrary notwithstandings and every such person or persons so exporting, shall at the taking out of a permit for any such tobacco to be exported as aforesaid, make oath before the proper cUlcer of the revenue to be appointed and empowered to administer oaths, that he or she is the real proprietor of such tobacco, and u really the exporter thereof.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if the proprietor or proprietors of such tobacco, as Diall be so lodged in warehouses as aforesaid, shall not within the space of fifteen months, by payment of the duties so bonded for, or by debentures upon exportation of such tobacco, discharge his or their obligations, and that the tobacco or any part thereof fl.all continue in the warehouses for want of payment of the duties thereon; in such case, it shall and may be lawful for the said commissionersorprin-cipal officers of the revenue for the time being, at the respective ports, and they are hereby empowered to enufe furh tobacco so continuing, to be publikly sold by inch of candle, first giving the importer or importers thereof fourteen days notice personally, or by leaving a notice in writing at the tall place of such importer's abode 5 the product thereof, after such falc first to be applied to payment of such bond, storage, ami all other charges which may have been incurred, and the overplus, if any, to be rendered and paid to die proprietor or other person lawfully authorized to receive the same

VIII. Provided always, 'I li.u if any tobacco shall upon importation thereof, and before the original importwr thereof shall have bonded the duties of the fame, be fold or transferred by any importer thereof to any whoJcfalc merchant, such wholesale merchant may bond the duties thereof, in the same manner, and subject to the same rules, regulations, and restrictions, as the importer thereof is by tills aft at liberty to bond the same.

IX. Provided also, That if ary tobacco shall after the importation thereof, and after the original importer thereof shall have tended the duties for the fame, be sold by such importer, before die fame shall have been taken out of the warehouse in which it shall have been lodged, to any wholesale merchant, the bond which such importer executed for the duties cn such tobacco on the warehousing of the fame, may be cancelled, upon such wholesale merchant’s giving bond for die amount of the duties on such tobacco, to be made payable at the same time that the bond executed by the importer was made payable; and such wholesale merchant so buying such tobacco, shall be subject to the like- rules, regulations, and restrictions, as the importer thereof is by this act subject to.

X. Provided always, That if any tobacco shall be imported by strangers, or shall by any laws now of force in this kingdom, be subject to aliens duty, a further duty shall, over and above the said duty of four pence per pound, be paid or secured thereon, after the rate of one penny for every pound weight thereof.

XI. Provided also, That when any tobacco so wareheufed shall be intended for home consumption, no such tobacco shall be taken out cf such stores as aforesaid, until all duties payable thereon shall have been paid, nor until a proper voucher from the proper officer of the revenue at die respective ports where such tobacco shall be so warehoused, shall be deposited with the officer or officers in whose custody such tobacco shall then be, which voucher shall be directed to such officer or officers, and shall ascertain all such duties to have been paid for such tobacco.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any tobacco, put into such vureheufes, shall be destroyed by fire, during the time it shall remain in the said

6 warehouses,

The thirty-third Year of George III. 543

warehouses, the bond entered into on warehousing such tobacco shall be discharged A. for so much thereof as limit appear to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the y1793" revenue, or any three or more of them, to have been so deilroyed. Chap. I I

XIII. And whereas great frauds may arise to the revenue, by warehousing to- u«--v——f bacco in ports where there are not, or shall not be a sufficient number of officers to attend the fame: be it enacted, That no importer of tobacco at any port,'except the ports of Dublin, Drogheda, Dundalk, Newry, Belfast, Galway, Limerick, Londonderry, Cork,' Waterford and Wexford, il all be entitled to have the fame lodged in a warehouse, or take any benefit by virtue of any tiling in this act contained, in respect of warehousing and bonding the same.

MV. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful to import any tobacco at any place or port, favc such places or ports where tobacco may be warehoused by virtue of this act, and if any ship or veil'd shall be found within the limits of any other port, haven or creek within this kingdom, having tobacco on hoard in any packages whatsoever, or shall be discovered so to have been, save only and except in case of unavoidable necessity and distress, of which necessity and distress the matter, purser, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall immediately after the arrival of such ship or vessel in such port, haven, or creek, give notice in writing, and make proof before the collector or other chief officer of the revenue, resident at the nearest port where such ship or vessel shall arrive, such ship or vessel, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition, and apparel, and also the find tobacco shall be forfeited.

XV. And be it enacted, That no tobacco, except of the produce of Great Britain,

North America, or of the British plantations, shall be imported into this kingdom, upon pain of forfeiting of all such tobacco, and treble the value thereof, together with die ship or vessel in which the same shall be imported, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition, and apparel.

XVI. Provided always, That nothing herein contained, shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize the importation of any such tobacco into tilts kingdom from any place, save from Great Britain, or from the place of the growth of such tobacco.

XVII. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful to import into this kingdom any tobacco manufactured, except snuff, and if any manufactured tobacco, except snuff, shall be imported into any bay, port, harbour, haven, river, or creek in this kingdom, or if any ship, vessel, or boat shall be found within four leagues of the Ihore of this kingdom, or shall he discovered so to have been, with any manufactured tobacco, except snuff, on board any such ship, vessel, or beat, or if any such ship, vessel, or boat shall have had any such manufactured tobacco, except snuff, on board, although such tobacco shall not be actually found on board such ship, vessel, or boat, upon proof made, that such manufactured tobacco had been on board such ship, vessel, or boat in any bay, port, harbour, haven, river, or creek in this kingdom, or within four leagues of the shore of this kingdom, then, and in every such case respectively, every such iship, vessel, or boat, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition, and apparel shall be forfeited, as also all such manufactured tobacco as shall be found on board such ship, vessel, or boat, and the packages containing the fame, save only, and except in case of unavoidable necessity and distress, of winch necessity and distress the matter, purser, or person having or taking the charge or command of such ship, vessel, or boat, fli2ll immediately after the arrival of such ship, vessel, or boat into any bay, port, harbour, haven, river, or creek of this kingdom, give notice in writing, and make proof before the collector or other chief officer of the revenue, resident at the port nearest to the place where such ship, vessel, or boat shall arrive.

6X 2

XVIII.

544 A.D. 1793. Chap. II

The thirty-third Year of George III.

XVIII. And be it enacted, T1 at no Icbrcco, either mniiufn&iucd, cr uninsr.v-faflurcd, shall be entered cr fl ij-yed ftrrxjxrlr.tion in any (Lip or veflM vLasoever, unless such ship cr vessel full le of the lint] m of cue luucncd and fifty tens or upwards; and it shall and may be lawful for any officer or f I’iecvs of the revenue, to flop and detain any fl.jp cr vessel l aving tel ;:eco on boaid, and the whole cargo laden on board fuels fl ip cr uful, \ i.ti) Jit <r l} <) fl all tank' ktch fl.ip cr ufii.1 to be sdmeasured; and if it fl all ;-j j car ly such ifinufncmcr.l, tl.rt ;.ny stich fl ip or vessel is not oftJ.c Initial of cut lunched rrd fifty tens, fui- fl.ip tr ufiel, with all her guns, tact.lc, finmuic, rnnvnitic.n, rid sypracl, ttgttl.tr with fub ir-bacco as shall I>c laden on I evict fu< h i) ip. r.r vessel fi «U be fi-rfuted; aid if it flni! appear by such ndmcnfurumut that a y kith fl.ip cr ufiel is of the burthen <-! one Jiundred and fifty tens or upwards, and under die widen c-f one uncut! ami eighty tons, die officer cr ofiiccis so flopping rnd detaining such ship or u-fiel aforesaid, shall not be subjctl or liable to any: clion for drmrgcs occasioned I y fuih stoppage and detention.

XIX. And be it enacted, That where any ship or vessel whatsoever, under the burthen of one hundred :.nd fiiiy tony, having on J.oard one hundred pound: of tobacco, or fifty pounds weight of fm.fi, shall be fcnnd at aider, or within ;1 c limits of any of the ports of this kingdom, or within four leagues of the fhcre iherafi, or shall be discovered so to have been, unless in case of unavoidable necesiity and distress, of which necesiity and difiref*, the mailer, purser, or other person having, or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall give notice in writing to, and make proof of the fame, before the collector or oilier chief officer of the revenue, resident at the nearest port to die place where such ship or vessel shall arrive; every such ship or vessel, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition and apparel, and also all such tobacco and fnulT as shall be found on board fuel: ship or vessel shall be forfeited and conllfcaicd, together with the packages containing the same.

XX. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, or any three or move of them, to grant a iiccnfe under their hands and seals, for the importing tobacco into this kingdom, or exporting tobacco from this kingdom, in any ship or vessel under the burthen of one hundred and fifty tons: provided also, that every such Iicenfc shall cumin the name of such ship or veil’d so to be licensed, the name of the mailer or commander, and owner thereof, the quantity of the tobacco intended to be imported or exported in such fl ip or vessel, the name of the owner cf such tobacco, and that of the person to whom the same shall be consigned, and the port into which it is intended such tobacco shoulc! be brought to, cr exported from, and also the pert or place to which such tobacco is intended to be exported,

XXI. And be it enacted, That if any ship or vessel shall be fetind with tobacco on board such ship or vefiei within the limits of any port of this kingdom, or within four leagues of the ccr.fl thereof, and it fi.all appear that bulk shall have been broken, or that any tobacco fl:ail have been taken or delivered out of inch fl.ip or vessel, after such ship or vessel shall have left the port or place where such fl.ip or vessel had taken on board such tobacco, in every such cr.fc, it shall be dceir.td and taken that fu»h tobacco which shall have been so taken cr delivered out of such ship cr vessel, was landed in this kingdom without entry or payment of the duties payable for the fame; unless it shall appear that such tobacco had been landed in feme other country; 2nd if landed in any part of his Majesty's dominions, that such tobacco had been duly entered, and that the duties payable on the fame had been paid.

XXII. And to prevent the clandestine importation of tobacco, be it enacted, That if any tobacco shall be clandestinely imported, or secretly brought into this kingdom without due entry and payment of the duties chargeable thereupon, the

fnir.

The thirty~third Year of George III. 545

ship, vessel, or boat, in which the same shall fcc so clandestinely imported, with all A.D. the guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition and apparel thereunto belonging, and also 1793' all such tobacco shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer of Chap. II. the revenue \ and in case such vessel or goods cannot be seized, the matter or other person having charge of the vessel in which such goods shall have been so imported or brought, shall forfeit the value thereof,

XXUL Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case where any forfeitures are created in respect of, or drawbacks disallow ed for any tobacco in packages under five hundred pounds weight, or in packages under four hundred and fifty pounds weight, by any law heretofore made in this kingdom, no forfeitures shall be incurred on account of any such package not being of the weight of four hundred and fifty pounds, or any drawback refused on exportation thereof, from this kingdom on that account, provided the same shall contain four hundred and twenty-five pounds weight, any tiling in any Jaw to the contrary notvithstanding.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That all bonds to be given pursuant to this act, shall be deemed and taken to be due and payable immediately upon the day mentioned in the condition of the said bond for the payment thereof, and that intcrett at the rate of six pounds per centum per a*wumy which interest is hereby declared to be a charge on such tobacco, shall be paid to the crown on all such bonds; such interest to be computed from die day the bond shall become due unto the day whereon it shall be paid off in money, or the day the searcher certifies upon die debenture, that the tobacco was shipped for exportation j the amount of such bond to be payable as aforesaid, notwithstanding such tobacco shall remain unexported, and although the time limited by law for the drawback on exportation shall not be expired* and no such security shall be vacated until all such interest shall be paid thereon.

XXV. And be it enacted, That no allowance shall be made to the importer in consideration of any damaged or mean tobacco, either at the scale or otherv/ife; but in case any person shall refuse to enter such tobacco, and to pay or secure the duties aforesaid for such tobacco, then lie, flie, or they, shall have liberty to refuse to enter and pay duty for the fame, or to separate such damaged tobacco, by cutting off from die hogshead or other package so much thereof as he, she, or they flisfl refuse to pay or secure duty for; and the principal officers of the revenue resident at the port where such damaged tobacco shall be landed, or any two or more of diem,

shall cause such tobacco to be burned, or otherwise destroyed, without making any allowance to such importer for freight or other charges, other than the allowances herein provided for, any law or cuttom to the contrary notwithstanding; provided always, that no person shall have liberty to separate the ftaik from the leaf, on pretence that the fame is damaged or mean tobacco.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That no drawback shall be allowed for any tobacco folks or Items, exported by themselves, when they have been, or shall be fepantted from the leaf, any law to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That the landwaitcr appointed for the delivery of every flop or vessel, arriving at any port or place in this kingdom, and having tobacco on board, is hereby authorized and required upon the landing of any such tobacco, to cause fuel) landing mark to be fixed and set upon every hogshead, calk, chest, or other package whatsoever containing the fame, as shall be directed by the commissioners of the revenue, or any three of them; and shall also enter every such landing mark in their fever;:! books, on pain of forfeiting the sum of fifty pounds; and the proper officers of the revenue respectively, shall in like manner upon the exportation of any tobacco from this kingdom, cause such export mark to be fixed and set upon every hogshead, calk, chest, or other package whatsoever containing the fame, as shall be directed by the commissioners of the revenue, or any three of them, and shall also enter every such export mark in their several books, on pain of forfeiting fifty pounds.

Vol. XVI. o' Y

XXVIII.

546 Yhe thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, 'That ro debenture Hull be granted for any tobacco *"93* imported into this kingdom, r.or any drawback be paid cr allowed for the fame, Chap. -I'l when exported or entered outwards for exportation to any part or parts beyond the seas, unless the fame, and every part thereof, if it -be in leaf and unmanufactured, shall be shipped and exported from the same port or place at which such tobacco was at first impoited into this kingdom, and no-other; and also, unless the fume tobacco if unmamifaclnrcd, and every part thereof,-be shipped and opened >« the original package, in which, and with the fame^marks thereon with which it was at first imported into this kingdom, together with the landing mark and export mark herein required to be-piaccd and set thereupon, and no other, without any al- teration whatsoever being made in the package, -except such as shall be occasioned by necessary cooperage, for the repair-of such paekage or any other tobacco being put ’therein, or any part of the tobacco being removed, or taken cut of the package in which it was at first imported, except only ten pounds weight of tobacco, which shall be allowed'to be taken out of every hogihtad, calk, chest, or case, after the same shall ha\ e been weighed at importation; and if any person shall enter any c:i-nKUiufactered tobacco for exportation, at any other port or place than that at which the fame was imported, or in nny< other hogshead, enfle, chest, case, oroiher package, than the fame in which fnchunmanufactured tobacco was originally imported, or without the fame marks or numbers, and -such landing and expect marks, all such tobacco shall ho forfeited, and no drawback-thereupcn shall be paid, or if any il.al! have been paid, the same shall be repaid., and the person who entered or esuf-cri the same to be entered, shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds; and if any person shall ship for spoliation any hogshead, chest, calk, case, or ether package of tobacco, cut of which more than ten pounds weight of tobacco -shall lwv? been taken for iiimples, he, she, or they so offending, shall forfeit the sum o: twenty pounds for every such hogshead, or ether package of-tobacco so fldpped for exportation.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no tobacco shall be impoited or brought into this kingdom, in any package whatsoever, other than in hogsheads, calks, chests or wooden cases, every such hogshead, calk, chest or case, to contain four hundred and-twenty-five pounds net weight of tobacco at die least, upon pain of forfeiting all such tobacco as shall be imported otherwlfc than as aforesaid, together with the hogsheads, calks, chests, cases, and other packages containing the same.

XXX. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That -when any unmanufactured tobacco shall be imported in hoglhcads, calks, chest?, or wooden cases as aforesaid into this kingdom, if upon landing and examination thereof, it shall appear that the tobacco contained in any such ;hogsheads, chests, wooden cases or

calks, is so much damaged, that by cutting oft' the damaged part thereof for which 1:0 duty is paid, the found tobacco remaining in any such hogshead;:, chests, calks, or wooden cases, for which duty-is to be paid, is under the weight of four hundred and twenty-five pounds, then, and in such case, it stir.ll and may be lawful for the importer or importers thereof, in the presence of the land-waiter appointed, to deliver, the ship in which the fame was imported, to enufe all such found tobacco to ,l»e put together in one or mere of-such hogfl.cads, chests, calks, cr v; ccien cases, out of which the damaged tobacco was taken; and the said Iand-w ait'.r or other proper officer is htTs.lv diiechd ami required to enter in their respective becks, the true and exact weight of all such found tobacco put into every such hegf-. head, elicit, calls, orcase, with the fevers! and respective ma»ks and numbers let en every such hopfhcsd, chest, cask, or wooden case, and also, toiVecify in theip books, that such hogft cad*;, chests, calks or wooden case? were packed and refilled in their prefuice; and every such hogshead, chest, calk, orwucthn case, o*

The thirty-third Year of George III. 547

unmanufactured tobacco, shall and may be exported from the same ports, and no A.D.

ether, at which they were originally imported; and debentures shall be made cut, j

and the drawback be paid for the tobacco therein contained, provided the quantity Chap. 11.

of the tobacco in every such hogshead, chest, calk, or wooden case, shall amount

to four hundred and twenty-five pounds weight or more, in the same manner and

form, and under the fame restrictions as if the package cf Auh tobacco had net

been altered, any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwith-

fcnding,

XXXI. And be it enacted, That any pevfon who shall enter ar.y uninnnufr.6h-.red tcbacco outwards, at any port or place in this kingdom, in order to be flipped and exported in any ship or vessel whatsoever, to any -part or parts beyond the seas, shall, before the fame or any part thereof shall be laden oil hoard any ship or vessel to be exported, deliver to the fuvveyor or landxvaitcr appointed to examine tobacco flopped for exportation, an account in writing, in a fair, discinct, and legible manner, signed by the person or persons exporting such tobacco, and containing the mark and number contained in the manifest, which was upen every liogflicad, caflc, chest, or other package of such tobacco, at the time when the fame was first imported into this kingdom, and also the landing mark and number which was placed and set upon every liogflicad, cask, chest, or wooden case thereof, when the fame was first landed in this kingdom, together with the exact weight that every liogflicad, cask, chest, or wooden case, with the tobacco therein contained, was at the time of its being fancied in this kingdom, and also the particular mark and number set upon every such hogshead, caflc, chest, or wooden case, by the exporter or exporters thereof, at the time the fame *shall be brought to the water-fide to be shipped for exportation; a duplicate of which account, signed in the like manner, shall he lodged with the collector of the port from which such tobacco shall be exported *, which account shall be filed by every such collector in his office, and a copy of it entered in a beck, to be by him kept for that purpose; and the surveyor or land-waiter appointed to examine such tobacco on exportation, (hell weigh the fame, and endorse on the cocket, a true copy of such account, and the weight of such tobacco at the time of exportation, and sign the fame, and no officer shall admit any ccclut, mless enderfed and signed as aforesaid *, and every exporter of tcbacco shall also write off the weight of each hogshead, cask, chest, or case of unmatiufadured tobacco, by him, her, or them shipped for exportation, from any part of this kingdom, fresh the entry made of ever/ hogshead, chest, cask, or case of such unmanufactured tobacco, at the time when it was first imported; and if any person who shall enter outwards for exportation, from any port-of this kingdom, any unmanufactured tobacco, shall neglect or refuse to give in such accounts respectively as aforesaid, every person so offending shall, for every such of Tence, forfeit the sum of five pounds for every liogflicad, cask, chest, or other package of such unmanufactured tobacco; and no drawback or debenture for, or on account of the exportation thereof, shall Ic made our, granted or paid.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That every person who shall import any tobacco into this kingdom, and who shall in any wise -manufacture the fame, or any part thereof, upon his, her, or their own account or accounts, or cause or procure the fame, or any part thereof, to be manufactured for his, her, or their own account or accounts, by any other person, shall, before the fame, or any part thereof be manufactured by the importer or importers, or shall be delivered om by the importer or importers to any other person to be manufactured for the accout.t of such importer or importers, deliver to the collector or other chief officer of the revenue, at the port where such tobacco was imported, an acccunt in writing; containing the mark and number, as specified in the manifest of every such liogflicad, cask, chest, or other package of tobacco intended to be manufactured, with the name of the ship 6 Y 2 or

The thirty-third Year of George III.

or ships in which, and the time when die tobacco so intended to be manufaAured was imported; also the landing mark azrd number set on each hogshead, calk, chest, or case, at the time of their importation into this kingdom 5 and also the exact weight which every hogshead, calk, chest, or case, and the tobacco therein contained were of at the time of their being first landed in this kingdom, and the exjuft weight the fame were of at the time of the delivery of such tobacco to be niunufactured; which account shall be ligned by such importer or importers, or one of his, her, or their known clerks; and also by the person or persons to whom such tobacco shall be delivered to be manufactured, or by one of his, her, or their known clerks, with their several and respective names, and places of abode; and such importer and importers shall, at the time of the delivering in such accounts as aforesaid, write oft* from the entries made at the time or times at which the tobacco contained in such accounts was imported, the weight of every hogshead, csft, chest, or case contained in such account of tcbacco intended to be manufactured as aforesaid, in the same manner and form as if the fame tobacco had been delivered for exportation 5 and in case any importer or importers of tobacco, shall neglect to give in such account as aforesaid, at the time, and in such manner and form in all respects as is herein directed and required, or in case such account shall be false or fraudulent in any respect wh.itsoever, he, flie, or they offending in any of the cases aforesaid, shall forfeit the sum of thirty pounds for every hogshead, calk, chest, or case of tobacco, an account of which shall bs omitted to be given as herein direct’d, or of which a wrong account shall be given; and the person or persons to whom such tobacco shall have been delivered to be manufactured, neglecting to lign by him, her, or themselves, or by his, her, or their known cleik, such account a? aforesaid, or signing any false or fraudulent account, shall also forfeit the sum of fifty pounds for every such hogshead, calk, chest, or case of tobacco, of which no account, or of which a false or fraudulent account shall be given.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That no v/holefalc importer of tobacco shall fell or deliver any tobacco to any manufacturer, or other person but in the package wherein the fame was imported, except as herein after excepted, nor less than one hogshead or package at any time, and in such manner and form as the fame was, or shall have been discharged at die customhouse, under the penalty of twenty pounds for every such offence.

XXXIV. Provided always, That if it shall happen that such tobacco shall receive any damage, after having been discharged by the proper officer, whereby it iha'tl be absolutely necessary to unpack and alter the package thereof, that then, and in such case, the importer or other person, in whefe custody such tobacco so damaged shall remain, after the fame hath been discharged at the custom-house, shall, within twelve hours b'eforc he<or flie shall unpack any paTt of the said tobacco, give notice in writing to the surveyor, gauger, or other officer of the walk, or cause the same to be left at the usual place of residence of such officer, signifying his or her intention to unpack the said tobacco, and to separate the damaged from die found tobacco, or to cure die fame; and that thereupon such officer do, and shall upon pain of being dismissed from his employment, for any neglect in so doing, attend at the hour or time, and place appointed for the ^unpacking such tobacco; such hour -to be between the hours of ten o’clock in the forenoon, and of three o’clock in the afternoon, and that the importer or other person, in whose custody such tobacco shall then remain, or to whom the same shall belong, shall make oath diat he or fl:e verily believcs it is necessary for the curing of the tobacco so damaged, and for the preservation of the remainder thereof, to unpack the fame, (which oath the said officer is hereby empowered tc administer,) and upon such persons making such oath as aforesaid, the said officer shall compare the package or packages to be unpacked, with die aforesaid tertificate thereof, in such person’s possession, and if the

hi i

ST'he thirty-third Year of George III. 549

laid packages agree with the said certificate, that then the said officers shall attend die unpacking them, and after the same shall be unpacked, and the damaged te- l/pj. bacco fevered from the found tobacco, the found part shall be, in the prefaice of Q]lap. j f such officer, immediately weighed and repacked in close packages, not Itfs than four hundred and twenty-five pounds weight each, if the entire quantity so to be repacked, shall amount to so much, and the same shall not be again unpacked, but on the like necessity, or for manufacturing the fame; and that if such damaged tobacco be intended to be cured, that then the same shall be weighed every second day until repacked in manner aforesaid, provided the entire quantity shall amount to four hundred and twenty-five pounds weight, and if under that weight, the same shall be packed in one separate calk; and such importer of such tobacco, or person in whose custody the same shall remain, shall, on demand of such officer as aforesaid, weigh or cause to be weighed and packed such tobacco in manner aforesaid, and shall not unpack in any one day more of such tobacco than can be repacked on the fame day, and that such officer shall put such mark and number on the package so repacked, as he shall think fit, for distinguishing the fame, by which mark and number the same shall be fold and certified for by such importer, or other person as aforesaid 5 and that such officer shall, on such person's certificate of his flock, cn-dorfe or enter the alteration of package, and particularly describe the fame, with (he new marks and numbers put thereon, and shall enter the alterations so made in such officer's book, in die presence of such importer, or such other person as aforesaid, or of such person as shall attend on their behalf respectively1,

XXXV. And be it enacted, That every person who shall import any tobaccoinlo this kingdom, and shall fell or deliver the fame, or any part thereof, to any person, flhll, within fourteen days after the delivery thereof, out of his, her, or their custody to die purchasers thereof, or to their order, or for their use, ghc and deliver to the collector or other chief officer of the revenue, at the port or place where such tobacco was imported, an account in writing, containing the mark and number, as specified in die manifest, of every hogshead, calk, chest, or other package of tobacco, so fold or delivered, with the name of the ship or ships in which such tobacco so fold and delivered was imported, and the times when, and also the landing mark and number set on every hogflicad, calk, or case, at the time of their importation into'this kingdom, with the cxa& weight which each of such hogftieads, calks, chcfls, or cases, and the tobacco therein contained, were of at the time of their being first landed in this kingdom > and also the exact weight thereof, at the time of the sale or delivery to (he purchaser or purchasers thereof; which account shall be signed by such importer or importers, or one of his, her, or their know n clerks, and also by such person or persons to whom such tobacco shall be fold or delivered, or one of his, her, or their known clerks, to which said several signatures shall be added, the places of abode of such purchasers, importers, or other persons so signing such accounts; and such importer or importers shall at the time of their delivering in such accounts as aforesaid, write off from die entries made at the time or times at which the tobacco contained in such account was imported, and against every particular ship in which the fame was imported, the weight of each particular hogshead, calk, chest, or case of tobacco contained in such account, in the same manner and form as if such tobacco had been delivered for exportation; and in case any importer or importers of tobacco shall neglect to give in such account as afore-firid, at the time and in such manner and form in all respects, and to all intents and purpefes as is herein directed, or in case such account shall at the time the fame is given in, or at any time afterwards appear to be false or fraudulent in any respect whatsoever, he, she, or they offending in any of the cases aforesaid,’ shall forfeit the sum or thirty pounds for every hogshead, calk, chest, or other package of tobacco, an' account of which shall be omitted to be given in such manner as is herein Vot. XVI, 6 Z directed,

550 The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D. 1793.Chap. 11, diudled, or of which a false or fraudulent account shall be given, and the person or persons to whom or to wh.ofe order, or for whose uic such tobacco flail have been fold or delivered, neglecting to sign by liim, her, or themiehes, or by his, ler, or their known clerk, such account as aforesaid, or signing -or causing to be fijned any false or fraudulent account, shall also forfeit the sum of thirty pounds for every such hogflicad, cask, chest, or other package of tobacco, of which no account, cr of which a false or fraudulent account is given.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any such tobacco shall before landing thereof, receive any damage, it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners, or any one of them, or the collector or other chief officer of the revenue, at the port wherein such tobacco shall be landed, to pay to the importer. at the rate of one halfpenny fer every pound of such tobacco, for which the importer shall refuse to pay, or secure the full duties, and which shall be cut eft', or separated from the found tobacco, in order to be burned or clhcrwife tiestroyed by the officers of the revenue, so as such allowance shall not exceed thirty fl iliings fer all the tobacco damaged in any one hogflicad imported, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further cr.afied, That 110 drawback fl.ill be allowed on any tobacco exported in any package, if unmanufactured, containing Icfs than four hundred and twenty-five pounds weight, and if mauufaifluicd, containing kfs than two hundred pounds weight, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That no tobacco, nor tobacco stalks, or fnulT, exceeding in quantity four pounds weight, shall be conveyed or carried by land or by 1 water from any port or place in this kingdom, to any other port or place in this kingdom, or from any place within any port in this kingdom, to any other place within the same port, in any hogshead, calk, chest, case, or other package, unless such hogflicad, calk, chest, case, or other package, be marked on the outlidc with the respective words, " tobacco, tobacco stalks, or snuff," in letters, not less than three inches in length, upon pain of forfeiting all such tobacco, tobacco stalks, cr fnufT, with the package thereof.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That no tobacco manufactureed or unmanufactured, or snuff, which shall have been removed from the pert or place of importation, or from any other port or place in this kingdom, to any other port or place in the fame, shall be returned or lent back to such port or place from whence the fame Was or were before removed or lent, upon any pretence whatsoever, without leave being first had and obtained for that purpose from the commissioners of the revenue, or any three or more of them, and without a special certificate to be granted to accompany die fame, in such manner and form, and by such persons and persona as the said commissioners respectively fl ail think proper to appoint, upen pain of forfeiture thereof, together with the hoi fes, cattle, carriages, vtftllsor boats, made use of in the removal or conveyance of the same.

XL. And be it enacted, That so? the better regulation of the tobacco tradcj nrd of the manufacture of tobacco, no person fksll manufacture any tobacco into roll,’ pig-tail, snuff, or otherwise, or deal in unmanufactured tobacco, except as an wholesale importer only, or a wholesale merchant, only, without first taking4cut a license for the fame, signed by one of the com.jr.ifixnirs of d.c revenue, in which Jiccnfe shall be expressed the number of tobacco tables such irnmifaflurer 11 all be authorized 10 keep; and that no person dealing in tobacco as a wholesale merchant, not being the importer of such tobacco, shall so deal therein without fiift taking cut a license in manner aforesaid, for each of which licenscs shall be paid a fee of tv. o shillings, and no more; and if any persons shall manufr.fiurc any tobacco, or deal in die fame as aforesaid, without having taken out such license respectively as afere-fiiid, he or she shall forfeit die sum of three hundred pounds.

The thirty-third Year of George III. 551

XLI. Provided always, and be it enacted, Thar no license Ih-fl bs granted Jo /\^ 2).

any person to manufacture, or shall authorize any perfeu to manufacture tobacco m 7 any place in this kingdom, other than in such tuvn in winch a ftirveyor t:f excise j j

Or gauger shall have his place of rdidcncc, and ail unmanufactured tobarto kept in w 3ny house, store-house, or other place, not belonging to tin* pufon licciifed to manufacture tobacco in such place, situate in any other on;-v of this kingdom; and all tobacco prefles, tobacco tables, tobacco spinning wheels, ami fnufl units, and all other utensils for manufacturing tobacco, found m any part of this kingdom, other than as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, and the person or persons in wkofc poffi flion any such tobacco table, press, wheel, fnuflmill, or other utoiffil for manufacturing tobacco shall be found, shall forfeit the sum of one bundled pounds, and no permit shall be granted for the conveying of unmanufactured tobacco to any place, other than places where persons may be licensed to manufacture tobacco.

XLII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That personss in parinerfl ip, and carrying on the trade orbufiness of manufact uring tobacco in one house only, shall not be obliged to take out more than one license, and that no one license which shall be granted by virtue of this act, shall authorize or impower any person or persons to whom the same shall be granted, to manufacture tobacco in any other house than fitch one house, and the working-places thereunto adjoining, as shall be mentioned in such license, and in the entry to be made thereof with the collector, in puifuauce of this act.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That every person licensed to manufacture or retail tobacco, shall have, or cause to be painted on a board with letters opcu to view and legible, at least an inch long, in white upon a black ground, or in black on a white ground, his, her, or their name and surname, or names and surnames at full length, and the words, licensed to ntam/aSure, or rrtaH tobacco, as the case may be, and shall' affix the fame on some conspicuous place on the outside of the front of his, her, or their house, not more than three feet difbmcc from the top of the fiiop door, or street door of such house, and preserve and keep up die fame during the time he, she, or they shall continue to manufacture, retail or deal iu tobacco, or in defauit thereof shall forfeit the sum often pounds.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That every collector who shall grant a license to 2ny person to manufacture, or otherwise deal in tobacco as aforesaid, shall, at the time of granting such license, give to die person obtaining the fame, a certificate thereof, which certificate shall, at every time the person or persons so licensed shall purchase any unmanufactured tobacco from any importer of tobacco, or person licensed to deal in unmanufactured tcbacco, be produced to such importer, or per-, foa licensed as aforesaid, who shall endorsc on such certificate, the number of hogfkeads fold, also the marks, numbers, and weight upon each hogflicad, the-place where, and time when, the name of the ship in which the fame was imported, and the time when the duty thereon was paid, and die name of the per-frn to whom the same shall be fold, and the time of such fide; and such im-\ pert;?, or his known clerk, shall sign such cndorfcmciit, and such certificate, with ;such enderfement as aforesaid, fi.ai] be produced to the proper officer for granting permits, before such officer Dial) grant s permit for such tobacco; and such officer Itall, at the time of granting every fuel, permit, specify on such endorsement the d.HC ami number of the permit, and the place where die fame shall be granted, and sign his name thereto; and la case any unmanufactured tobacco shall be sold by any person licensed to manufacture tobacco, or deal in the same as aforesaid, to any other itrfon licensed to manufacture tobacco, or deal in the same as aforesaid, ti e cReerfor granting a permit ter conveying the fiimc, to tiiC person buying the fame, frail endorse on the certificate of the feller of such tobacco, the time of granting such permit, and to whom the fur.e was granted; and upon every transfer the fi»mc

C 2 2

rupiifites,

552 The thirty-third Year of George III.

P, requisites shall be performed as are directed upon the first saie of the importer; and 1793. every such manufc&urer or dealer in tobacco shall, on every twenty-fifth day of Chap. II. March, twenty-founh day of June, twenty-ninth day of September, and twenty-fifth day of December, or within ten days after the said days respectively, return to the collector of the district in which he or fhc shall reside, such certificate, together with all endorsements made thereon, and every such collector fl all, upon receiving such certificate, with such endorsements thereon, give a new certificate to the person who shall be so licensed 5 and such manufacturer or dealer shall, on every twenty-fifth day of March, or within ten days after, deliver to such collector, the certificate by him or her received as aforesaid, with all endorsements made thereon; and if any such person shall omit to deliver up any such certificate at the tespective times aforesaid, he or she shall forfeit for every such offence, the sum of one hundred pounds; and in case the paper on which any such certificate shall be granted, shall before any of the days on which the fame is hereby required to be returned, be filled up by die endorsements herein directed to be made thereon, then and in every such case, every such collector shall, upon such manufacturer or other dealer as aforesaid, delivering up to him any such certificate so by Kim granted, with such endorsements thereon, grant unto such manufacturer or dealer as aforesaid, a new certificate, on which such account of all tobacco to be purchased- by Jum in such' manner, and within such times respcfitively as aforesaid, shall be endorsed as aforesaid j and every such collector shall, upon receiving from such manufacturer or dealer as aforesaid any such certificate with such endorsements thereon, enter the fame in a boob, to be kept by him for that purpose, and forthwith transmit every such certificate, with the endorsements thereon, to the register- general of tobacco, for the time being.

XLV. And be it enacted, That if any person so licensed shall not, on demand made by any officer of the revenne, produce to such officer such certificate, with the endorsements which shall have been made thereon, or not fuller such officer to-inspefit and examine the fame, then such person so licensed. shall, for every such' neglect or refusal, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds 5 and in case any endorst-ment made on such certificate, shall appear to the commissioners of the revenue, or any three of them, to have been crafed, obliterated, or fraudulently altered, then if shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners, or any three of them, to annul or vacate the Hccnfc granted, to the person or persons whose certificate shall have been erased, obliterated, or fraudulently altered; and every person to whom such erased, obliterated, or altered certificate shall have been granted, shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XLVI. And be it enacted, That all tobacco manufc&urcd or unmanufactured, of what quality or species feever, and all snuff above the weight of ten pounds, that shall be carried and conveyed from any one place in this kingdom to another, as well from one part of a city, or town, to another part of such city or town, as from any city or town, to any other part of the kingdom, shall and may be seized by any officer of his Majesty's revenue, and shall be deemed and taken to be smuggfed goods, and forfeited as such, together with the horses, cart, car, or ether carriage drawing or carrying the fame, unless the carrier or person conveying the fame, shall produce a permit given by the proper officer of the revenue, for the carriage of such tobacco or snuff upon demand by any officer of the revenue.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That no unmanufactured or manufactured tobacco, tobacco-stalks, or snuff, exceeding in quantity ten pounds weight in die whole, although an separate packages, shall be. conveyed either by land or by water, at any one and the same time, by any one and the fcr.e carriage or conveyance, and directed to one and the same person, or to different persons in- one. and the kme paitnership in trade, without a permit being first obtained from the proper officer

The thirty-third Year of George III. 553

of the place from whence such tobacco, tobacco (talks, or snuff, shall be removed,A.D.

which permit shall accompany the same to the place to which the fame is to be i

<onveyed. Ch.p. II.

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That all tobacco and fnulF found in the possession '__

of any buyer or retailer of manufactured tobacco, for which a permit or certificate, as the case may be, of force sufficient to protect the fame, shall not be produced, Avail be forfeited, and the personin whose possession the same shall be found,

shall forfeit five shillings for every pound weight thereof.

XLIX. Provided always, That if such buyer or retailer of manufactured tobacco or snuff, shall produce a permit or certificate for any such tobacco or final' so found in his or her possession, it shall and may be lawful for any officer of the revenue to administer an oath to such buyer or retailer of manufactured tobacco that such tobacco is the identical tobacco which had been received with fuel) permit, or with the permit on which such certificate was granted, and that such permit or certificate, to the bell of the knowledge of such buyer or retailer of tobacco, had not been made use of to cover or prated any other tobacco whatsoever; and if such buyer or retailer of tobacco shall refuse to take such oath as aforesaid, oil such tobacco for which such permit or certificate shall be produced, shall be forfeited, and may be seized, and die person in whose possession the same shall be found, shall forfeit five shillings ior every pound weight thereof, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

L. And whereas it would tend to prevent the falc of smuggied tobacco, if r.o tobacco was permitted to be sold under a price or rate which would enable the importer, manufacturer, or dealer in tobacco, to pay his Majesty's duties, and have a reasonable profit; be it therefore enacted, That all contrails, promises, notes, bills, bonds, judgments, or other securities, given or executed by any persons where the whole, or any part of the confidemtion of any such contract, promise, or security, shall be for any tobacco in leaf, or manufactured, which if unmanufactured, shall have been sold at a leis price than at the rate of live pence for each pound weight thereof $ and which if manufactured, shall have been fold for a less price than at the rate of seven pence for each pound weight thereof, or for any tobacco with which such permit as herein mentioned shall net have been granted, shall be uttoily null and void, and no suit shall be maintainable thereon in any ccuit of law or equity.

LI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any such tobacco shall be sold for ready money, at any lower price than die respective rates aforesaid by the pound, it shall and may be lawful for the person or persons buying or purchasing such tobacco, to recover from the seller or sellers thereof, a sum equal to the full amount of such tobacco so sold as aforesaid, to be faed for, and recovered by civil bill, in 1 court of proper jurisdiction.

LII. And be it enacted, That all tobacco taken out of any original package,

shall be deemed tobacco taken out of such package for the purpose of manufacture-ing the fame; and if ar.y manufacturer of, or dealer in tobacco, shall open any package of tobacco for the purpose of taking any tobacco out of such package, except in the presence of the proper officer of excite, or after twenty-four hours previous notice thereof having been given to such officer to attend, and his neglecting to attend pursuant thereto, in which notice shall be expressed the package Or packages which is, or arc intended to be opened, every such person shall for every such 0(Fence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds j and such manufacturer or dealer, or some person on his or her behalf, flt. H shew futh officer out of what package of tobacco in his or her (lock, he or flic intends to tike the fame j and shall in die presence of such officer weigh every pared, from time to time taken out of any such package, and specify in writing the quantity of each parcel iutciided t )

Vol. XVI. 7 A 1 be

554

A I).

17.9.3-Chap. 11

The thirty-third Year of George III.

be put in case, and the quantity intended for cane, pig-tail, cut, ami fr.ufT, and weigh every such parcel before any part thereof shall be wet or put in case, cr fl:ai! be (tripped from the stalk, or spur, or in default thereof, such manufacturecr shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds for every such offence.

LIII. Provided always, That it shall and may he lawful for every such I'nar.'ufr.C-turer of, or dealer ill tobacco, to tal.c out cf any such package any quantity Cf tobacco, not exceeding two pounds in weight for samples, and for no other purpose.

LIV. /-.nd be it further enacted, That every person manufacturing tobacco, shall cause lo be branded or painted on cmy table, uitli or without a spinning wheel, which shall be kept by hint or her. or be in hh er her pefillhon for the puipcfo cf spinning tobacco, or on which tobacco may be fjnm, and on a conspicuous part thereof, also on each and every wheel ufal with each such table, his or her name and fumnmc, and the number of the table, beginning with number one, and proceeding in the common arid metical pregrdfien, until every such table shall be numbered j and every such. per fen in vhofe possession shall be found any table for the purpose of spinning tobacco, or on which tobacco may be spun, or any wheel which shall net have been so branded or painted, or on which the fame number shall he branded or painted, if two nr mere of such tables stir.ll be branded or painted villi a fimil.ir number, shall forfeit for every such table or wheel, the sum of twenty poundn; and every such tabic and wheel shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of the revenue.

LV. And be it enacted, That every pevfcn manufacturing tobacco, shall before any license for manufacturing the fame be granted, make true and particular entry in urking, under his, her, cr their hand or hands, or under the hand of his, her, or their hnov.n clerk, with the collector of the dulrict in which he or flic fhai^ re-fide, of evei y tcbacco table, and the number of wheels mid spindlcs for spinning tobacco tixVuiuto belonging *, and of every tobacco prets, and Inuft mill, kept by him, her, or them; and also of all houses, work-heufes, fliops, rooms, cellars, vault?, and other places, by him,' her, or them, respectively intended to be made use of for the matiufacduring, beeping, cr felling cf tobacco or fmifij difunguishing the r.I.ic-.s where such tobacco table, tables and wheels, tobacco prefles, and fnuif nvlh, are rLlpecrfvdy intended, lo be kept; and shall tender to such collector a duplicate of inch entry; and such coflcclor flirll at the foot thereof certify that the fame is a duplicate of the entry made with him; and the same shall in all cases be evidence of such entry, and every tobacco table, tobacco wheel, tobacco press, or other engine cr ir.flrument for pressing tobacco, and fnuif mill which shall be found in the pefieflien of a person not licensed to manufacture tobacco or snuff, or which shall be found in the possessien cf any person who shall be licensed to manufacture tobacco or fnuif, and of which such entry shall not have been made by such person; or which shall be found in any room cr place, ether than such rooms or places as shall be mentioned in such entry, for the keeping thereof, shall be forfeited and seized; and the person in whose heuse, out-heuse or possession the same shall be found, shall forfeit for every such table, wheel, press, or mill, the sum of twenty pounds; and every manufacturer of tobacco, shall for every house, wnre-house, work-house, (hop, room, cellar, vault, or other place, which shall be used for manufacturing, keeping, or felling his, her, or their tcbacco or snuff, of which such entry shall not have been made, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds; and all tcbacco and fnufi*, which shall at any time be found therein, with all calks, vessels, 'and packages whatever, containing the fame, shall be fcjfcited, and seized by any officer or officers of the revenue.

LVI. And be it eroded. That where any entry shall be made by any manufacturer or manufacturers cf tcbacco cr snuff, cf any ware-heuse, v/oik-hcufe, Ihcp,

'reem,

Tic ibirij-ti'ird Year of George III. 555

room; cellar, vault, or other place, for «?miikeeping, or felling tobacco A. 1\

or fnuiT, no other entry shall be made by a other n.:.m«{.»r.lu:*r cr nienuf-tTureis j ygj,

of tobacco or fnuiT, not being in p.;im.Tii,:i* m:u: iiuh nijuifeclurer or ni-uiufac- Qiap. I I.

turers, mating such firit entry of the fame ul \ or v.o.k-hcufe, cr of any

iliop, room, cellar, vault, or other place v. h.-T.\..i\ f.-r the i;.:miss.ichu:t:g, keeping, or felling of tobacco or fnuiT, under the fame t«ci. or within the fune Itoufe

or tenement, of which such f.rtl entry i?tall Le j’.ch ».:vi»Iing; and even* such

further entry made by any manufacturer or inanaiat'aun; <* ;hc fame house, or of any {hop, room, cellar, vault, or ether place, under the fame roof, or within the same house or tenement, shall he void; and all tobacco and fnufl, and the packages containing the fame, and all implements for manufacturing tobacco and fnuiT found therein, not the property of the person or pencils having made the first entry, shall be forfeited, and seized by any officer of the revenue.

LVII. And be it enacted, That every table, bench, or other fixture, with or without a wheel, on which any tobacco shall be manufactured, and which shall exceed the length of four feet, and be of the breadth of twenty-one inches, shall be considered as a tobacco table within the intent and meaning of this r.cl, tmlcfs such table, bench,' or other fixture be kept by a licensed manufacturer, and he used only for the purpose of fixing a snuff mill, or mills thereto, or for making tobacco into roils, after the fame hath been spun.

LVIII. And be it enacted, That every table, bench, or other fixture, used for the purpose of manufacturing tobacco, which Hull be of greater length than twenty*one feet, or be of greater breadth than twenty-one inches, shall be considered as tiro tables, and any table with which more then one wheel shall or may be used at the same time, shall be considered to be so many tables ns be equal to the number of wheels used, or which may be used therewith at one time.

LIX. And be it enacted, That the surveyors, gaugers, and ether officers of the revenue shall, from time to time, make return cr report in writing, to the collectors in their respective distridh, of the duties of excise chargeable on tobacco, and of the persons chargeable therewith, in such distii&s respectively, ami such return'or report shall be a charge on all such persons.

LX. And be it enacted, That the inland cr excise duly on tobacco, shall be paid by the manufacturer or manufacturers, or person or persons taking tobacco out of'die original package, to the collector of the district within seven days after such package shall be opened, for the purpose of taking any Jokcco out of tin* fame, except for a (ample, or in default thereof, all such tobacco shall be forfeited and seized, and every such manufacturer or person who shall make default therein shall, for every such default, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, and also one {billing for every-pound weight of tobacco contained in such oiiginaf package.

LXI. And be it enacted, That if any importer or other person dealing in tobacco, shall fell or deliver any tobacco to any manufacturer or dealer in tobacco, or other person, without procuring n permit for such tobacco, cr if any decrease shall be found in the flock cf any such importer or dealer, for which it shall appear no permit had teen trktn cut, such importer or pet fen dealing in tobacco, fulling the fame, shall be liable to, and pay the inland or excite duty for all such tobacco cs he or she shall so fell or deliver, cr width 11 all be found decreased in his or her flock, without such permit.

LXII. And be it enacted, That every person manitfa&uving tobacco, or dealing therein as aforesaid, shall pay the said inland or excise duty for all tobacco, which {had be fold or delivered to such person, unless he or she shall prove that such tobacco had been sold by him or her, in the fame (late in which he or ft.c bought the fame, and io whom the fame v/as fold.

7 A 2

LaIII. And

556 The thirty-third Year of George III.

A. T)4 LXIII Anti be it enacted, That the several and respective duties to be paid by 1793* Persons heenfed to manufacture tobacco or otherwise deal in the same as aforesaid, Chap. 11. an^ *c htland or excise duty on tobacco may be levied by the officers of his fila-jesty's revenue, and such officers may at any time, with the assistance of a confta-b!c in the day time, levy such sum or sums as ought to be paid by the several and *. respective persons subject to said liconfes respectively, by distress and sale of die

parties goods, in such maimer, and by such ways as the revenue arising by hearth- money is appointed to be levied and collected, in and by an act made in the fc-

vcnteenth and eighteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty Charles the dccond,

I entitled, An additional act for the better ordering and collecting the revenue arising Iy

j hearth-tmnc'j.

LXIV. And be it enacted, That if any tobacco table or wheel, cr any tobacco

press or fnufr mill, shall be found in the possession of any person, having also in his ! or possession any tobacco in leaf, or in a Hate of manufacture, or any unmanufac-

tured tobacco, exceeding the weight of one pound, or if any unmanufactured tobacco shall be found in the possession of any person having also in his or her poflel-lion any manufactured tobacco, exceeding die weight of one pound, cr if any tobacco in a (late of manufacture shall be found in the possession of any person, die fame shall be condusive evidence that such person is a manufacturer of, and had manufactured tobacco, and such person shall be subject to all such penalties as ma-nufafturers of tobacco arc subject to for any offence against this act.

LXV. And be it enacted, That every person not being a nianufacturer of tobacco, who shall fell tobacco or fnuffby retail, shall take out a license for that purpose from the collector of the district in which he or she shall reside, which license such collector shall grant without fee or reward; and diat every person not licensed to manufacture tobacco, in whose possession shall be found more than two pounds of manufactured tobacco,' or one pound of fnu(F, shall be deemed a retailer of tobacco; and unless such person shall produce such license as aforesaid for retailing the fame, he or (lie shall forfeit five pounds, and all tobacco or snuff found in his or her possession shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of the revenue.

LXVf. And be it enacted, That no drawback or allowance of the duty on tobacco shall be paid on the export of any manufactured tobacco, unless the fame be exported in packages not less than two hundred pounds weight each; nor unless due proof be first made, that the leaf tobacco whereof it is manufactured, has paid die duties required by law on the importation thereof.

LXVII. And be it enacted," That at or before the shipping for exportation of any manufactured or unmanufactured tobacco, the exporter or exporters, with two or more persons, to be approved of by the collector, or other chief officer of the port from which such tobacco shall be exported, of whom the mailer or other person having the charge or command of the ship or vessel in which such tobacco is intend* ed to be exported, shall be one, shall give security by bond to his Majesty, in a penalty after the rate of two shillings and six pence for every pound weight of such tobacco, that such tobacco so shipped, or any part thereof, shall not be relanded or brought on (bore again in any part or place within this kingdom, or the Iflcs of Man, Faro, or Ferro; and such security shall be discharged in the maimer herein mentioned; that is to say, for such of the said goods as shall be entered for, or landed in the kingdom of Great Britain, the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, or Sark; the condition of the bond shall be to bring in a certificate in-discharge thereof, within six months from the date of the bond, and within eighteen months -for such of the goods as shall be entered for, and landed in any of his Majesty's colonics, plantations, islands or territories in America or Africa; which certificate for such tobacco as aforesaid, as shall be lauded in any port cr place where any officer or officers of his Majesty's customs shall be resident, shall be signed by the proper

3 officer

The thirty-t1 irJ Year of George III. 557

officer or officers of Hr. Vajdly’s cu!V>:r>s the: c, and shall specify thut such tobacco A.

was there landed, and taall tcfi.ily the landing thereof) and for fitch tobacco as I /93‘

aforesaid, 2$ shall be entered for the islands of Ciu.niicy, Jersey, Alderney, or Bark, Chap* 1

such certificate shall be foiled by the proper officer or officers nf hits hujelVs cuf-

toms, if any such officer or officers flr.il) be rdicli’'.z in tl;e said iiianils respectivelyj

an: in case there llrdl be no lad-, officers rcfik.u tl.cic, then by tl;e governor of the fold islands, or the deputy governor thereof respectively, and for such tobacco

as aforesaid, ns Audi be entered for any foreign pert or place, to bring a certificate,

if such poitor place ILIII be in Europe, within six months, and if in Africa or America, within eighteen months, under the hand and seal of his Majesty's consul,

if any such be there, and if not, under the hand ami seal of the chief r.wgiflrate of such port cr place, and under the ltauds and fcais of two known merchants, then

being at such port or place, that such tobacco was there landed; or such bond or bonds shall be discharged upon proof in any of the said cases respectvdy, that such

goods were taken by enemies, cr perished in the sea, upon proof being made thereof

to the fuisfaction of the commissioners of the rctcnuc.

LXVIII. And be it cnacfeil, That trie collector or other proper officer of the revenue in the port of Dublin, and also at every port or place in this kingdom, where any tobacco shall be imported, shall once in every calendar month, transmit or deliver to the person appointed by the chief commissioners of the revenue to ;hc office of register general of tobacco, one of the land waiters books in which his account shall be entered and kept, of the lauding and discharging of tobacco imported at such port or place j and also true and exact copies of every entry of tobacco for exportation; and of the several and respective endorsements relating thereto, which Hull be delivered to the searcher, or proper officer or officers at such port or place where any such tobacco shall be entered and shipped for exportation to foreign parts; and also true and exact copies of every account, which pursuant to the directions herein given, shall be delivered to any officer of the revenue of such port or place, of tobacco intended to be manufactured by the importer or importers thereof, on his, her, or their own account, or which shall be delivered by the importer or importers thereof, to any other person or persons whatsoever, to be manufactured for the account of such importer or importers; and also true and exact copies of every account, which pursuant to the directions herein given, shall be delivered to any officer or officers at such port or- place by the importer or importers of tobacco, sold by them to any other person or persons whatsoever j which several accounts are to be kept by the said remitter gcncial of tobacco for the time being, who is to keep proper books, and enter therein the several and respective accounts So tranunitted or delivered to him; which several entries shall be made, and an account thereof kept In such manner and form, that the marks and numtars on every kogfhead, calk, chert, case, or other package of tobacco, with the weights thereof at importation, nwy be compared and chequed ‘with the marks, numbers, and weights, at the exportation thereof, or when fold and delivered for home confilinp-tion, or to be manufactured, to the intent that the idtntity of all such tobacco imported, fold, or delivered to be mar.ufa&urcc!, may be thereby known or ascertained j and when any thing shall appear to him to he done or practised at any port or place, contrary to the directions and intentions of this act, he shall immediately deliver an account thereof in writing to the commissioners of the revenue for the time being j and if any collector or oilier chief officer of the revenue at any port or place of this kingdom shall neglefi or refuse to transmit or deliver any of the land waiters books, and a true copy oi* every entry of tobacco for exportation! and of the several endorsements relating thereto herein mentioned and dcihribed, and also true copies of all the accounts herein mentioned sod described, within the times herein respectYou XVI. 7 B tively

558 The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

tively limited and appointed for that purpose, he and they so neglecting or refilling*

I1793. shall forfeit fifty pounds for every such neglect or refusal.

Chap.* 11. 1-XIX. And to the end that the officers of the revenue may be the better enabled to keep a regular flock account on the venders of tobacco, be it enacted, That every importer, and every manufacturer of, or dealer in tobacco, and every other person who shall have or hold in his, her, or their custody, power or possessipn, whether in th.e King’a {tores, or in any other place, or in the custody of any other person or person-. for his, her, or their own use, any tobacco exceeding in quinary five pounds weight, either of his, her, or their propeiry, or the property of any other person or persons, fhrdl give and deliver to the collector of the district where such person or persons flird! ref de, a true account in writing of ids, her, or their name or names respectively, ami places of abode, and of the true quantity of tobacco which such person or persons shall respitlivdy at the tin.c of giving in such account have in ius, h.er, or their custody, power or pefieffien, cr in the pof. session of any other person or persons for his, lier, or their use, which account Hull also contain the outward bulk of every hogfitcad, calk, chefr, or other package, in which fuel) tobacco shall be contained; and also each of the several and respective mark., and numbers f t upon such h'ogfhcad, calk, chest, or other package respectivdv, ami ciiitingudl.ing the quantity contained in each of them, and also the quantities in case or loose, and the quantity in stalk and number of tolls, to wit, fnudkrolls, cane or pigtail iiparately, v.ith the exact weight thereof, and llie particular ware houses, iture-houses, cellars, or other places where the same are then lodged, which account shall be signed by such importer or manufacturer of tobacco, or other person as aforesaid, or one of his, her, or their known servants or agents, with their several and respective. names and places of abode, and shall in like manner within ten days after every twenty-fourth day of June, twenty-ninth day of September, twenty-firth day of December, and twenty-fifth day of March, in every year, give ami deliver to such colli dlor as aforesaid, a like account as is herein before required, in which account shall be contained all such flock of tobaccd as aforesaid, rs he, flic, or they lelpedivtly had on the said respective days; and in case any such importer or manufacturer of tobacco, or other person as aforesaid, shall neglect to give any of the said accounts herein before directed at the respective times, and in such manner and form as herein directed and required, such person shall for«vciy fecit omission or neglect forfeit the sum of fifty pounds; and in case any such account shall appear to be false or fraudulent, all such tobacco, ftaiks, fnuffi, roll, or other kind or species thereof, of u hich no account, or of which a faife or fraudulent account shall be given, and the calks, chcfls, cases, or other packages containing the fame, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be fmed by any officer or officers of his Majesty's revenue, and the person cr forfeits so ofioncing, shall forfeit treble the value thereof; and every such collector or other chief officer, shall upon receipt of such account, give a certificate to the person or persons giving in the fame, of the quantity of tobacco by such person or persons so returned to such collector or other chief officer, to be in his, her, or their custody, pov er or possession, which certificate shall be ptccuccd by such person or persons to the officer who shall take an account of his, her, or their flock; and if such officer or officers upon examining the said flock, shall find the same to exceed the quantity mentioned in fuel) certificate, such exceeding shall be forfeited, and may be ' fazed and taken by any such officer cut of any tobacco then in the possession of the pirfenor persons forfeiting the fame; and every such colk&or or other chief officer shall also, upon the receipt of such accounts, forthwith cause the several and respective goods contained in such accounts to be.examined thereby, and shall then enter such accounts in a book to be kept by every such coJJedlor for that purpo.e, and then every such collector shall forthwith transmit such mounts to the rtgifier-

general.

The thirty-third Year of George III. 359

general of tobacco for the time being; and in case any collector or other chief of h, ])

ficer shall neglect or cir.it lo trr.nimit such accounts to the said register-gener;:! j for the -time icing, within ten Jays after he shall have leccived the fame, such co!- j

kftor or chief officer flitilJ for every such neglect or omiffini forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

LXX. And be it enacted, That if the person in \yhnfe ctillody such tobacco, being the property of any other person or pa Ions, shall be found, shall inform or be the discoverer of such secreted or concealed tobacco, such person so informing of, or discovering the fame, shall be admitted to give evidence thereof, end shall m case such information or discovery be found true, not on!v be indemnified against, and exempted from the aforesaid penalty by him incurred, for so secrettng or concealing the fame, hut shall also be emitted to, and shall receive the hummer’; moiety of what the fame {lull fell for.

LXXI. And be it enacted, That if any cncn-ale shall be found in any pan of the stock of any importer, manufacturer, or dealer in, or retailer of tobacco, or other person so under stock as aforesaid, above the quantities which Hull appear by the stock account kept by the gauger, or officer of the walk wherein such importer, manufacturer, dealer, retailer, or other person fhr.II reside ought to he in the possession of such person, it shall and may be lawful for any officer of the revenue to seize out of any part of the stock of such person, a quantity equal to the quantity so found encreased, unless a permit or certificate fulficion: to protect such tobacco shall, upon demand made by such officer, be produced, or proof made that a permit or certificate had been granted for the fame, and v.as afterwards lost or mislaid, and the person or persons in whose flock fuel) cncrcafe shall be found, shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds, for every such olienee as aforesaid.

LXXII. And be it enacted, That every officer inspecting the stock of tobacco of any person so under stock as aforesaid, shall, after he enters an account of the fame, give a true copy of his said entry to such person who shall shew the flock, and give a declaration thereof, which copy, without alteration or crafenicnt, shall be signed by such officer, and on any difference arising between such person so under stock, and such officer on account of any charge of encrease in -flock, such copy may be produced by such person so under stock, on any trial, upon any information which may be brought against fuclf person, for any such encrease of stock, and shall be received as evidence thereon.

LXXIII. Ar.d for the more cfie£tual preventing the fid? of tobacco cfandeftincly imported into this kingdom, be it cnact.'d, That it shall ami may be lawful for any officer of the revenue to enter as well by night ns by clay, but if between the hours of ten of the clock in the evening, and fix of the clock in the morning, in the presence of a conftjble, or other peace officer, into the Loufes, stores, {hops, cellars, and all other places of, or belonging to any person buying, manufacturing, filling, storing, or keeping in his, her, or their culiody cr poffidfion, any quantity of tobacco, and from time to time to take an account of the tobacco found.the Rin; and if any person so buying, felling, manufacturing, or storing or keeping in his, her, or their custody or pcfilffion, any quantity of tobacco as aforesaid, or such persons’s wife, principal fen-ant, or other person usually entrusted with the care of the stock of such person’s buying, felling, cr storing tobacco, shall vefufc or hinder any such officer, or his assistant or assistants, to enter into any of his, her, or their, houses, stores, {hops, cellars, or other places, or having periritted them to enter, shall afterwards refuse to permit them to take, or prevent them from taking an account from time to time, of all tobacco there found, such person shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds 5 and in case any officer or officers shall not get admittance after having demanded the fame, and declared Lis cr their name or names, and buCncfe,

7 13 2 and

6o The thirty-third Tear, of George III.

A.D.

an,l after having waited one half hour after such demand made at the gate or door

I of any manufacturer of tobacco, through which any such officer hath been usually

Chap. 11, admitted, such manufacturer of tobacco, shall for every such offence forfeit the Aim of ten pounds.

LXXIV. And be it enacted, That no manufacturer of tobacco shall manufacture, or cause to be manufactured, any tobacco, between die hours of ten of the clock in the evening, and Ax of the dock in the morning following, without Aril giving four hours notice in writing to the officer of excise, whose duty it is to keep an account of the flock of such manufacturer; and it shall and may be lawful for such officer, after the receipt of such notice, to enter without a conllabic, or other peace officer, into the work-house, store-house, shop, or other place, at any hour whatsoever, during the night in which such manufacturer shall so give notice of his intention to work, ami to take an account of all tob?.cco therein, and inspect the same.

LXXV. And be it dialled, That if any tobacco shall he found to have been manufactured, or in process of manufacture, in any work-house or other place be-, longing to any such manufacturer, between the hours aforesaid, without such notice as aforesaid having been first given, every such manufacturer shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

LXXVI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the officers of the revenue, to weigh all tobacco in or out of case, except such tobacco as shall . at the time of being put into case, be declared by such manufacturer in writing,

under his or her hand, or under the hand of some person or persons authorized by him or her, in that behalf, to be intended for fnnfT; and if any tobacco so declared to be put into case for snuff^ shall afterwards be used for any oilier purpose than to make snuff'roll, every such manufacturer shall forfeit for every such offence, the sum or,tcn pounds.

LXXVII. And be it cr.atfted, That every importer, manufacturer, retailer, ami dealer in tobacco f! all, as often as he or they shall be required by any officer of the revenue, flew to such officer ail his Rock of tobacco and fnuflj and every name, box, or press nfed by him or her in manufacturing the fame, and every cr.il, -camfter, or ether vessel used by him or her for keeping or floring his or Kr fr.utr in, and.shall furniffi such officer-with sufficient light in all cellars, and ether places of such importer, manufacturer, retailer or dealer, ami attend with a proper number of his servants, and weigh such parts of his Rock as shall be requited by such officer, in his presence, and furnish just fealcs and weights for weig! ing the fame} and if any such importer, manufacturer, retailer, or dealer as alorXid, shall restise to shew ami weigh his, her, or their Hock of tobacco, cr fnulT, o»‘ any part thereof, except :ohacco in case, which has been declared in manner by this act directed to he intended fer fnufti or to furniffi such officer sufficient light, jell fealcs and weights, and attend with a sufficient number of his servants for that purpose, and weigh the fame, cr refuse to shew and declare in writing, under his hand, the quantity of his, her, or their separate flocks of tobacco, loefe or in; package, or number of rolls of cane and pigtail, cr snuff roll, or quantity of ffalk . tobacco, or obacco in case, particularly expressing the quantities of each kind, and declare - the flock of tobacco so shewn, to be the entire flock then on hand of such importer, manufacturer, retailer, or dealer, every such importer, manufacturer, retailer, or dealer, offending in any such case, shall forfeit for every such offence, the ium of twenty pounds.

LXXVill And to prevent unnecessary delays to the officers in the execution of their duty, in and about the several matters aforesaid, it is hereby directed, That all tobacco that shall be weighed upon the officers demand as aforesaid, shall be weighed in separate parcel.', each of a distinct and separate species or denomination,

containing

The thirty-third Year of George III. 561

containing not Iefs -than four hundred and twenty-five pounds in each di.tft, and j\t J), that all packages-of tobacco exceeding that weight, shall be weighed without break-1793* ingor dividing the fume; and if any person in whose possession such tobacco shall Chap. 11 he found, shall, in weighing his, her, or their flock, life or enufe, or fuficr to v-— be ufcdj any untrue or insufficient scales or weights, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit such scales and weights, together with twenty pounds.

LXXI't. And be it enacted, That so soon as any manufacturer of tobacco shall Lave finished manufacturing any tobacco so put in case as aforesaid, intended for roll tobacco, lie shall immediately deliver to the surveyor or gauger, or other proper officer of the walk, wherein such manufacturer shall have been licensed to nianuf.i£turc tobacco, a declaration in writing, specifying the number of rolls of tobacco, and weight of tobacco stalks and stems, arising from the quantity of leaf tobacco put into every such case, and shall keep all such roll tobacco, stalks and stems separate and apart from all other rolls of tobacco, stalks or stems, for the space of twenty-four hours, from the time of delivering such declaration, or until the officer shall have taken an account thereof, and shall in like manner, so soon as he or flie shall have finished manufacturing any tobacco, weighed out of case, and declared to have been intended for snuff as aforesaid, into snuff roll, immediately deliver to such surveyor or gauger, a declaration in writing, specifying the number of snuff rolls, and weight thereof, arising from the quantity of leaf tobacco, stalks and stems, so weighed out of case, for fnufT roll as aforesaid, and shall keep such snuff rolls separate and apart from all other snuff roll, for the space of twenty-four hours, from the time of delivering such declaration, or until the officer shall have taken an account thereof, ami Audi in like maimer, so soon as he or flie shall have finished manufacturing into liuifi* any snuff roll, or tobacco weighed out in manner aforesaid, for fnulT, immediately deliver to such officer as aforesaid, a declaration in writing, specifying the weight of such fnufT, and returns of tobacco, as shall be produced from such snuff* roll, or tobacco respectively, and shall keep such snuff separate and apart from all other fnufl, for the fjvcc <i twenty-four hours, or until the officers shall have taken an account thereof, or shall for every negied or omission in any of the cases aforesaid, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

LXXX. And be it enacted, That every manufacturer or ref"tiler of snuff shall, at his own expence, provide calks, or other vessels for (coring his or her fnufl in, and shall number each such calk or vessel -in arithmetical progreifion, beginning with the number one, and shall mark thereon the exact tare or weight thereof, mid construd and place and keep all such calks and vessels in such manner and form, that the officers of oxcise may easily weigh the fame, and examine the contents thereof 5 and if any fnufl shall be found in the poflcluon of any manufacturer, or retailer of snuff, except in calks or vessels, numbered and marked as aforesaid, such.manufacturer or retailer, for every such offence, shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds.

LXXXI. And be it enacted, That if it shall appear by sufficient proof, that such person or persons lb under (lock as aforesaid, shall have delivered or taken out permit or permits for more tobacco than a dcercafc flail! appear for in the flock of such person’s tobacco, such person shall forfeit at the rate of five fiulhngs per pound, for every pound it shall be proved he or flic shall have so delivered, or for which a permit or permits shall have been taken out, for v.hich there shall not be a proportionable decrease i:i his or her (lock of tobacco, making a reasonable allowance, not exceeding twenty pounds weight, for every bandied pounds weight, ns an cncrcufc by manufacture, on all roll tobacco fold or delivered.

Yol. XVI. 7 C

562

Tie tlirty-ilird Year of George III.

A.D.

LiAaXJL Aral be it enacted, That every manufacturer of tobacco fli2fl L* 1793. charged with the duty 0* excise, for ail tobacco which shall he found enercafed in Chap. 1 I. any tobacco in case, ami shall forfeit five shillings for every pound weight of such

perfosi buying cr Soring tobacco for himself, or any other person as aforesaid, flssl), at the request of any officer of excise, shew, or cause to be fltcwji to him, such tobacco, siicl all other tobacco that he or flic may then have on hand,-and declare what he or - (he Stall then shew, or cause to be shewn, is all the Hock of tobacco which he or flic fi.all then have; and as often as any officer-of the revenue shall visit such persons's house cr Sores, such person, at the request of such officer, shall declare whether any, and what part of such Sock of tobacco was fold or delivered since the last inspection thereof by the officer, and in that case, such person fii2ll declare to such officer, out of what parcel the fame was taken, together with the number thereof, and to whom delivered, and shall produce to such officer the copy of the certificate for such parcel, in order that die quantity so delivered maybe endorsed thereon, or in default or refusal thereof, shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds.

LXXXIV. And be it enacted, That every manufacturer of tobacco and fhuff, shall make, erect, preserve and keep, or cause to be made, erected, preserved, and kept, a frame or frames, box or boxes, close boarded or raised, of such dimenliens as shall belt suit such manufacturer’s convenience, for the purpose of laying his cr her tobacco in case therein; and shall place or fix the fame in a convenient manner, so that any officer of the revenue may at all times, easily inspect such frame or frames, box or boxes, and take the dimensions thereof*, and such manufacturers so often as they shall lay any tobacco in case, shall lay die fame in case in such frame or frames, box or boxes as aforesaid, or in default diereef, every person so offending, Audi for every such offence, forfeit the sum of ten pounds.

LXXXV. And be it enacted, That all tobacco to be put in case, to manufacture into roll tobacco or snuff, shall be put therein in the day-time, within die space of three days after the same shall be unpacked, and shall be put therein in such frame or frames, box or boxes as aforesaid, in the presence of the officer, immediately after weighing the fame, and such tobacco shall be laid level, and packed close in such box or boxes, frame or frames $ and after the same shall be so done, such manufacturer shall not, upon any pretence whatsoever, add any tobacco, tobacco stalks or flans thereto, or take out and repack the fame, or any part thereof, except in the presence of such officer, who shall take an account thereof in manner aforesaid, and such manufacturer shall, on every of his or her packages, parcels, and rolls of tobacco, both in and out of press, affix to, and keep as long as the same shall remain in his or her custody, a ticket in view, whereon shall be legibly written in words in length, on the outside of such ticket, the number of pounds contained in such package or roll, under the penalty of five pounds, for every such neglect.

LXXXVI. And be it enacted, That if any importer, factor, manufacturer, retailer or other person, buying, felling, storing or manufacturing tobacco, shall by him or her, or any person employed by him or her, make a fictitious or false return of his or her flock of tobacco, or make a false declaration thereof, such person shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of twenty pounds.

LXXXVII. And be it enacted, That upon every computation to be made between unmanufactured leaf tobacco, and tobacco in case, or manufactured roll tobacco of any kind, a reasonable allowance not exceeding twenty pounds weight for every one hundred pounds weight, be made for the cncrcafc of weight in manu-

facture,

The thirty-third Year of Qcorge III. 5^3

fjcture, and upon every computation between unmanufactured tobacco and lnuft) A.D. the manufacturer shall be allowed a credit not exceeding eighty-five pounds weight i J93. of fiiuff for every one hundred, pounds weight of tobacco, uled in making such Chap. II«

LXXXVIir. And be it enacted, That all tobacco in packages, containing Ids than four hundred and twenty-five pounds weight each, which fiwl! be legally condemned upon seizure, shall before the fame be fold, be opened ami packed in packages containing not less than four hundred and twenty-five pounds weight each-, which said packs or packages shall be marked with such mark as the commissioners or collectors of excise shall direct and appoint, and numbered; and as it may happen that different seizures of finall quantities of tobacco may be made by different officers, then and in such case, such seizures shall be weighed separately,

2nd afterwards packed together in packages of four hundred and twenty-five pounds weight each in manner aforesaid; and every person who shall buy such tobacco, or any part thereof, at any such sale or Tales as aforesaid, shall before such person shall take the fame into, his or her custody, receive a certificate for the fame, from the register of seizures, or surveyor of the {lores, or other proper officers, who shall grant the fame on demand, without fee or reward j which certificate shall contain the marks and numbers, net weight, with the buyer’s name, and the day on which such tobacco shall have been fold $ which certificate and tobacco shall be subject and liable to such regulations and provisions, as in cases of tobacco bought from an importer, factor, or other person dealing therein.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any mark or number whatsoever, which was burned in or set upon any hogshead, calk, case, or other package whatsoever of tobacco, before the importation thereof into this kingdom, or which was burned in or set thereon in this kingdom, upon the importation or landing thereof, or which was burned in or set thereon in this kingdom before the exportation thereof from hence, shall be crafed, burned out, cut out, blotted out, or in any wise altered, changed, or defaced; or if such marks or numbers set upon any hogf-head, calk, chest, case, or other package whatsoever, shall by turning the head or heads of any such hogshead, calk, chest, case, or other package inwards, or by any other means be concealed from view, then and in any such cases, every such hogshead, calk, chest, case, or other package whatsoever of tobacco, the mark whereof shall be fb altered or defaced, or concealed as aforesaid, shall be forfeited and seized.

XC. And be it enacted, That no tobacco shall be laden or laid on board any ship or vessel whatsoever, in any port or place in this kingdom, to the intent to be exported, except in hogsheads, casks, chests, or wooden cases, each containing (if such tobacco shall be unmanufactured) four hundred and twenty-five pounds weight, or more, and if manufactured two hundred pounds weight, or more upon pain of the forfeiture of such tobacco, and of the hogshead, calk, chest, or case containing the same.

XCI. Provided always, That nothing herein contained, shall extend to casks or other packages containing Camples of tobacco not exceeding ten pounds weight,

shipped and exported at the fame lime and place, with the hogsheads, calks, chests, or wooden cases, out of which such Camples were taken.

XCII. And be it enacted, That no drawback shall be allowed for any unmanufactured tobacco which is, or shall be mixed with rubbifl) or dirt,.or any oilier matter or thing whatsoever, nor for any manufactured tobacco which is or shall be mi.:cd with any ingredients not necessary or usual in the manufacturing thereof; and every person who shall enter or ship for exportation, or eaufc to be entered or shipped for exportation, any tobacco unmanufactured mixed with rubbish or with dirt, or with any other matter or thing whatsoever, or any manufactured 7 C 2 tobacco

5^4

The thirty-third Year of George III.

A D. tobacco otlicnvifc mixed than as aforesaid, or who Audi enter any thing for cx-

case, or other package thereof.

XCIII. And be it enacted, That if any manufacturer of tobacco shall keep any {hop or fi.ops forjlie retail of manufactured tobacco or snuff, which shall not !c immediately adjoining the work-house or work-houses of such manufacturer, it shall not be lawful for any such manufacturer to remove from his work-house or ether place to any such /hop, any less quantity of tobacco than fifty-six pound-, weight, nor less than fifteen pounds weight of fnulV at any one time; and if any tobacco or finiflf shall be removed from the work-house or ether place of r.nv such manufacturer to any such /hop as aforesaid, or Audi have been found to have been removed or brought into any such shop in any less quantity or quantities than r.s aforesaid, all: such tobacco or fan IF ll.all be forfeited, and such manufacturer fi:a!i for every such offence forfeit the funi of ten pounds.

XCIV. And be it enacted, That no tobacco which shall be in the Acres, waie-houses, or possessien of any manufacturer of, or dealer in tobacco, on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thonraml seven hundred and ninety-three, in the origin.*! calk or package wherein the same shall have been imported, and on which tk duty ot six pence per pound, required by any a cl or riels heretofore directed to be paid on the importation thereof, bath been paid, fl-.aH be charged with, or Hr.Me to any fmtber duty for excise or otlicnvife, and that for and upon all tobwo which shall be in the /lores, warc-houses, or pcflefiion of any manufaCUucr of tobacco on the said day in a manufactured state, or in the process of manufacture, there shall be allowed in manner herein after mentioned, to such manufacturer, the Aim of five pence for each pound weight of such manufacturcJ tobacco.

XCV. Provided always, That no tobacco in the original calk or package shall be exempted from any duty, unless It shall appear to the satisfacUon of the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, that the duties heretofore required by law to be paid on the import thereof were paid, nor shall any allowance be made on any tobacco in a manufachircd /late, or in the process of manufacture, unless it in like manner appear to the said commissioners, that all duties of import and excise heretofore required by law to be paid thereon were paid, nor unless it shall appear jn like manner, that the person claiming such allowance, had really and tiuly paid for the unmanufactured tobacco, cf which such manufactured tobacco, or tobacco in the process of manufacture was made, or is making, the funi of one flailing and one penny for every pound weight thereof.

XCVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained, shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize any allowance to be made on any cane roll tobacco, unless it shall appear to the satisfaction of the said conmuffioners, that the fame was manufactured within six months preceding the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three.

XCVII. And in order the more effectually lo ascertain die quantity of tobacco in the original cask or package, and the quantity of manufactured tobacco in the hands of any manufacturer of tobacco, on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three; be it enacted, That every manufacturer of tobacco who shall intend to claim the exemption and allowance by this act authorized, shall within ten days from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, return to the collector of the district, or to the surveyor or gauger of the walk in which he or flnt shall rofide, under his or her

The thirty-third Year of George III. 565

hand, a true account of all unmanufactured tobacco, which shall on the said day A. ]), be hi his or her possession in the original calk or package, such account Jetting 1793.

forth live mark*’and numbers on the original package, and the weight of thu tobacco therein, and also a true account of all the species of manufactured tobacco* and tobacco in the process of manufacture and fiiufT, distinguill.ing the weight of each species, and the number of rolls, of roll tobacco, and if any manufacturer of tobacco shall- return any account, which fluid he false or fraudulent, no exemption or allowance shall be made for any tobacco in his or her possession.

XCVIII. And be it enacted, That when the said commissioners shall have after-tained the allowandc to which any manufacturer of tobacco shall he entitled, in respect to any manufactured tobacco, or tobacco in process of manufacture, which any manufacturer shall have on bauds as aforesaid, such manufacturer shall receive such document as the said commissioners shall direct, specifying the amount of such allowance, then such manufacturer, or his order shall be allowed by any collector of his Majesty's revenue, in payment of any import or excise duty which shall be payable by, or chargeable against such manufacturer, or his order, for any tobacco imported or manufactured by him or lus order, and every collector making such allowance as aforesaid, shall be allowed credit for the fame In his accounts, in like manner as if he had paid such allowance out of any money in his bonds.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the fines, penalties, and forfeitures inflicted by this act, other than such as by this act are otherwise appoint, ed, shall and may be sued for, recovered, levied, and applied in such manner and form, and by such ways and means, and with such powers and authorities a9 are preferred, directed and appointed in and by an act of parliament made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty Charles the feepnd, entitled, An al7 for the settling of the excise and new impojl upon his Majesty, hit hits and fitccessors, according to the hook of rates therein inserted; or by any other law or laws relative ta his Majest/s revenue, as fully and effectually: to all intents, constructions, and purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned, expressed, and re-cuafted in this act, with the like remedy of appeal to and for the party or parties who shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved or injured, as iu and by the said act of excise is provided.

C. And be it further enacted, That this act shall continue, and be in force for the space of on$ year, from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and no longer.

CHAP. XII.

An Act for granting the Sum of Four Thousand Pounds to t.ke Trustees of the JJnen and Hempen Manufactures, and for other, Purposes.

WHEREAS by an act passed in this, kingdom this rcc;ui present session of Parliament, entitled, An Act for 33 G- 3'c'3' granting fir one year the fiver al duties therein mentioned, in lieu of alt other duties payable upon the articles therein specified, during the said term, and fir continuing the efjeCl of the treaty Vol. XVI. 7 D of

s'66-

A.D. 1793., Chap. 12.

41,coot.

printed bf salt) act, for purposes herem;

2C001. to he given to trustees, to encourage prowth of hemp aiul Jlix.

cccoh fir r-ion stud jicrrpm ira-r iif-u*tu»cs in I.Mr, Mi'ulUt, nnJ

Contiauglit;

J*-M fnrr« to I, Uy I 'UC-tll'itlu-

rer.

N bounty

cn imjv.tt-t!of £»« f ci, ur Jm* irol.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

of commerce and navigation signed at Ferfiilles on the twenty-fxlh day of September, one thousand/even hundred and eighty-Jix, between his Majesty and the most christian King, and for regulating the trade between this kingdom and his Majestys colonies, and for other purposes therein mentioned; the sum of forty-one thousand pounds was granted to be applied in such manner as parliament flioiild direct, for the advancement of 'trade and manufactures, and the maintenance of hospitals, charities, and public institutions, and the further improvement of this kingdom, by building churches, and other public works: be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiri-t-ual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That two thousand pounds, part of the said sum of forty-one thousand pounds, be given for one year to the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, to the trustees of the linen and hempen manufactures, to encourage the raising sufficient quantities of hemp and flax in this kingdom.

II. And be it’cnaCled, That a further sum of two thousand pounds, also a part of the said sum of forty-one thousand pounds, be given to the said trustees of the linen and hempen manufactures, for the encouragement of the hempen and fiaxcn manufactures during the said time, in the provinces of Leinster, Munster, and Connaught, the said sums of two thousand pounds, and two thousand pounds to lie paid by the' vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, receiver or receivers-gcncrel of this kingdom, his or their deputy or deputies, without any further or other warrant to be sued for, I'.r.d, or obtained in that behalf.

III. And whereas the cultivation and saving of flax-feed was formerly much discouraged by the bounties on the importation of foreign feed: and whereas the premiums heretofore granted for sowing and saving flax-feed in this kingdom, have tended much to promote a sufficient supply of Irish flax-feed, - be it cnaCled, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four inclusive, no bounty or premium shall be paid for, or on account of any flax-.fixd or lin-feed imported into this kingdom, any law to the

contrary

The thirty-third Year of George III. 567

contrary notwithstanding; and-that the sum of seven thou- A.D. sand two hundred and fifty pounds shall be applied, to 1793'^ encourage the growth of flax-feed in this kingdom, ’the said film to he paid out of such monies as the bounties on im-

1 Cil lo CIICOII-

ported flax-feed were uftialiv paid out of, or out of all or lap-fiowii,

of flax seed*

any of the aids or aulies granted ’this lcfiion of parliament^ out «.f manic* the same to be paid by the vice-trrafurers,- receiver or re-ceivers-general, his or their deputy or deputies, to the trustees of the linen and hempen manufacturecs, without any »° 1" p»Mi

_ ' . orout nfanjr

further or other warrant to -be sued for, had or obtained m tuba aids, that behalf.

JV. And be it further tnaified, That the said trustees TrulUcs to

puuiiJIi prevail, and they are hereby required, at such time or times miums for c«-

as shall appear to them most proper, ’to propose and publish noTtVIff

premiums for encouraging the growth of flax, and promat-

ing a fuliicient supply of Iriflt flax-feed, in all or any of the counties of this kingdom, and in such proportions, and

to be claimed under such restrictions and regulations as they shall think proper.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be =i>-

lawful for every person appointed by the said trustees, to prlntum"1 F pay the said premiums, whether he be inspector or other "iv person, to have, receive, and keep for his own life, as a ;o>-reward for his trouble and attendance, the sum of sixpence,

for every twenty shillings which he shall pay to any person for premiums adjudged as aforesaid.

VI, Whereas many frauds have prevailed in the manti-faflure of thcetiags, and several other fabricks of linen in this kingdom, by not making them a sufficient breadth, to

the great-injury of the manufacture: be it enacted, That From lit from and after the first day of An gun, one thou find fever. hundred and ninety-three, it shall and may be lawful for the said trustees, or-any twelve or mere of them, to nnblish sfar p-iMku-

1 - ' non, Ik-rl-

nnd riircil, that after the expiration cf three months, from ing.otocna-the date of such publication or direction, every piece of hvrcii./fi.’,:! brown or unbleached theetings, made of linen or hempen ji-Vf'.'.vf' yarn, of the set of thirty-six, thirty-seven, thirty-eight, and tii'rty-nine beers, shall be when brown or unbleached, thirty-nine inches in breadth, and when bleached, thirty-seven inches in breadth; and that every piece of fiiceting of the let of forty beers and upwards, called nine-eighths wide,

shall be when brown and unbleached, forty-one inches

7 D 2 in

not of such widths, or linen or hempen cloth, with* out the bieadth marked on outside, as herein, for* feited, and

The thirty-third Year George III.

in breadth, and when bleached, thirty-nine inches in breadth.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if after such time,

fl /rtin7«UCtl any I"uch Iheeting shall be fold or exposed to sale, or cn- . posed to fide, tered for exportation, not being of the widths aforesaid, in exportation, its brown or bleached state respectively; or if any linen or hempen cloth, whether bleached or unbleached, shall be fold, exposed to sale, or entered for exportation, without having the number of inches, and half inches in breadth, without regard to lesser fractions, truly marked with Hone blue or Vermillion, and lize on the outside lap or fold thereof, so as to be legible and open to view, every such piece of ,os. per piece, iheeting so fold, exposed to sale, or entered for exportation, shall be forfeited, and the person or persons felling, exposing to sale, or entering the fame for exportation, shall also forfeit the sum of forty shillings for each piece, such forfeitures to be adjudged, determined, levied, and disposed of in like manner as any forfeiture and penalty may be adjudged, determined, levied, or disposed of, by virtue of any law for regulating or extending the linen and hempen manufactures.

VIII. And whereas many frauds have been committed in the buying and selling of spangle yarn, by allowing one spangle to every hundred spangle so bought or sold; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninely-

fnrjjciicient.-y three, no allowance shall be made, or offered to be made, jam, in’ in buying or selling spangle yarn, to make good a deficiency

!:,:r;!y'r. on.said yarn either in length or count; and that the feller

kl'icr'n.iU.-rs every bunch or pack of spangle. yarn so fold, or offered iiwn io>. nr for sale, shall be liable to the penalty of not less than ten

morclit*tn4CS. 1 J

penalty «>» millings, or more than forty shillings \ and that the buyer ituMo^or every bunch or pack of spangle yarn so bought, or of-moic than jl. fcrej to |)C bought, shall be liable to the penalty of not less than twenty shillings, or more than' five pounds, on the proof of one or more credible witness or witnesses.

IX. Whereas by an act passed in the thirty- first year of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for amending the lams nfpcBing the linen and hempen manufactures, the said trustees are empowered to appoint two persons jointly, to execute

TfuiUes the office of an inspectbr general: be it enacted, That it aooi Tycar and may be lawful far the said trustees, or any twelve i or

Prom 1st June 1793,

no allowance

'The thirty-third Year of George III.

or more of them, if they shall think fit, to appoint any 'salary oat of the funds granted to the said trustees, by any act or acts of parliament, not exceeding the sum of two hundred pounds by the year, for the second inspector ge-

5&9

A.D.

lTtwu 1 ft *y */p3*

1793.

Chap. 12,

to fecttiul in f|»c‘;.for gene*

nerail for the 'province of 'Ulster; and also a salary not r->' of unicr; 'exceeding the sum of two hundred pounds by the year, yw, nfrefer the second inspector general for the provinces of Lein- '.Tg.'mufof Iter, Munster, and Connaught, any law to the contrary not- aml withstanding. CuiuuiibIu.

X. And whereas many difficulties have arisen by returning annually the county inspectors for the linen and hempen manufactures: b^it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the first day of May, one thousand «>n«*y

_ , t_ ri . fpccWs to

seven hundred and ninety-three, the several county inspec- cmimue in tors now or hereafter returned and appointed pursuant to law, shall continue in office during such time as the truf-

tees of the linen and hempen manufacturecs shall think fit, any law to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and every aifpeaor and inspector who now is, or hereafter shall be appointed to such enter into a office, shall enter into a bond to the fsiid trustees, or to herein,^eitiiin their clerk or secretary for the time being, in the sum of two hundred pounds, and two sufficient sureties, each in v"i,!' the sum of one hundred pounds, for the true and faithful discharge of his duty as inspector; and in case such inspec-for shall not procure two sufficient sureties as aforesaid, within one month, such return made pursuant to law, and the appointment therein, shall be deemed, and is hereby declared null and void.

XI. And in order to prevent the rooms in the linen hall Any person of Dublin, from being converted into /lores for keeping or felling foreign goods, under colour of Irish manufacturecs: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and ton munifac-after the passing of this act, any person or persons who i,an, s,c.

/hall bring into any of the halls or /lores in Dublin, be- jrlfXbTi'n-

longing to the said trustees, any species of goods whatever,

save and except the linen and cotton manufacturee of this form for 1

kingdom, and being duly convicted thereof before the said 'ar'

trustees, or any three or more of them, upon the oath of

one or more credible witness or witnesses, shall forfeit the

sum of five pounds, and shall be rendered incapable for one

year of holding or enjoying any room or rooms in said

halls.

Vol.XVI. 7 E

570 The thirty-third Year of ' George III.

A.D.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any species of goods whatever, save and except the linen E-try fpc- and cotton manufactures of this kingdom, be found in any foundin'101*5 ’ of the halls or (lores in Dublin, belonging to the said MctpUiiiii trustees> and that no person or persons shall, within

l.nt'na"f: twenty-one days after seizure thereof, claim a property fdted, if not in the fame, such goods Avail be forfeited to the said truf-

claimed In l r . days. tCCS*

CHAP. XIII.

An Act for granting the Sum of Five Tho^and Pounds to the Dublin Society, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

Recital

n 0. j c. 3.

41,00c!. ilu-nby giant-id fm p:if-j»ofcs herein;

j<xcl. of salt) turn to I>«i‘ 1 n fu* CKly;

WHEREAS by an act passed in this kingdom this present session of parliament, entitled, An act for grani-tag for one year the everal duties therein mentioned, in lieu of all other duties payable upon the articles therein specifed, during the said term, and for continuing the effect of the treaty of commerce and navigation fgned at Versailles on the twentyfsth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty jh, between his Majesty and the mofl Chrifian King, and for regulating the trade between this kingdom and his Majesty's colonies, and for other purposes therein mentioned-, the sum-of foriy-one thousand pounds was granted to be applied in such manner as parliament should direct, for the advancement of trade and manufactures, and the maintenance of hospitals, charities, and public institutions, and for the further improvement -or this kingdom, by building churches, and other public works: be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and common's in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That five thousand pounds, part of the said sum of forty-one thousand pounds, be given to the Dublin society, for the improvement of husbandry, and other useful arts, to be applied by them in manner herein mentioned, and to be paid by the vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, receiver or receivers-general, his or their deputy or deputies, without any further or other warrant, to be had, sued for, or obtained in that

behalf

The' thirty-third Year of George III.

II. And be it further enacted,

57'

That- three thousand A.D. pounds, -part of the find sum of five thou fund pounds, shall /DT be applied by the said society to the encouragement of agri- CiUff? culture and planting, and finiftnng the repository for impie-ments of husbandry, and the remaining two thousand pounds uscsisiicii!-in manner following; that is to say, two hundred and fifty mp.’.vc. pounds to the encouragement of tire glass manufacture, three hundred and fifty pounds thereof to the encouragement of 3?oi fi»- rpm-spinning wool by jennies, and for the improvement of the j in"ii<-». and art of worsted weaving; one hundred pounds for the im-pro.vement of the art of spinning worsted warps with wheels constructed on the model of those used in England for that

° wllccls, fcc:

purpose, and in premiums to the mi fireflies of the several in charter schools, who shall have any number of girls, not kiuml mir-lcfs than ten, instructed in the said- art, the said sum to t,lircs! he paid in such proportions, and after such manner, and on such conditions as the said society shall direct; and the re- fora maining sum of one thousand three hundred pounds to- sula,"c fiar-

° r tlvu, payment,

wards providing and maintaining a botanic garden, for the payment of salaries to officers of the fociely, the support of schools for drawing, and other useful sciences, in promoting arts, in the purchase of a cahinet of mineralogy, and a repository- for the fame, and for the encouragement of such manufactories as are not, or shall not be entitled to receive any bounties whatsoever, by virtue of any act or adds of parliament made heretpfore, or during this session of parliament, in such manner, time and limes, and by such ways and methods as the said society shall think proper; any law, bye-law, usage, or custorn to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding; provided that of the above sum of 300l. forim-on'e thousand three hundred pounds, the sum of three hun- umc *ardl"-dred pounds shall be appropriated towards the purp'ofe of providing and maintaining a botanic garden.

III. And provided always, That in the distribution or yifinbc.ion appointment of the said sum of two hundred and fifty pounds for the encouragement of the glass manufacturee, two-fifth parts thereof shall be applied to the encouragement of the fame in Dublin and its environs, one-fifth in Cork,

' one-fifth in Waterford, and one-fifth in Belfast.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 1,|4ln3c‘!.Ii°f That two-thirds at the least of whatever balance may rc- mafurtr’s

- Jcuv!p to |t(i

main in the treasurer of said society’s hands,- after the first ipplinito 7 F, 2

j sMrt'icuUyrv*

cav -

;iu p

Arrears of subscriptions may be recovered by civil bill

copy of ar-re.ir, under feel, and at-teiled by viee*prciident and treasurer, sufficient evidence

no appeal unless before ensuing

- afltzes.

Persons in smear for 16 guineas, or . more, who pay l*4th before 24 June, difeharued from further demand;

or who shall pay *c

dcutud :t li'Nlcuber for life, ami no further *iv-

Kl.U'd.

The thirfj-ihird Year of George III.

day of May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, of the fund appropriated for the encouragement of manufactures and arts, shall be applied to the encouragement of agriculture and planting, in such manner as the said society shall think proper, any law, bye-law, usage or custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

V. Whereas by the thirteenth report of the commissioners of imprest accounts, it appears that there is an arrear of nearly seven thousand pounds, due to the said society, on the' annual subscriptions of the members "thereof, at the rate of two guineas per annum, and the said arrear has flnee encreased; be it further enacted, That the sums so in arrear shall and may be sued for and recovered by civil bill, in the name of the secretary or treasurer of the said society, for its use, in the fame, manner as any debt or demand may be sued for"and recovered by civil bill; and that a copy or account of the several and respective debts, and arrears due by the "members of the said society, under the corporation seal thereof, and attested by one of the vice-prefi dents and treasurer, shall be sufficient evidence of such debt, arrear, or sum being due by the person or persons, or member or members respectively, and shall be deemfed and taken as sufficient evidence of such debts and arrears being due in any suit, to be instituted by civil bill or otherwise, for the recovery of the fame: provided that no appeal shall be brought from any decree on" any such civil bill, unless the same shall be brought before the ensuing assizes or sessions of the peace, as the - case may be.

VI. Provided always, That if any person so in arrear for any sum not exceeding sixteen guineas, shall before the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, pay to the said society, the sum of four . guineas; and if any person so in arrear for more than sixteen guineas, shall before the said day, pay to the said society, one-fourth part of the arrear which shall be due by him, every such payment shall be deemed to be in full satisfaction of all arrear due by every such person, and he shall be discharged from all further demand on account thereof ;, or if any such person shall on or before the said day, pay unto the said society the sum of twenty guineas, such person shall be deemed a subscriber for life, and be also

discharged

The thirty-third Year of George III. 573

discharged from all arrear, and from all further annual pay- A.D. ruent.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all money which Topurchafe hall be so paid, shall be applied by the said society, to- m;M,ai,6ri wards the purchase of a cabinet of mineralogy, and a re- 'C'KU‘ pository for the fame, and of models for the drawing school,

and the establishment of a botanic garden.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all films which Arrears

shall at any time after the passing of this act become ileT^lvernl

due, or be in arrear by any member of the said society,1,1 c,t11 ll,l,!

on account of the annual subseripiion, shall and may, from

time to time, be sued for and recovered in like manner

by civil bill; and that every member of the said foiicty,membersnot

except a member for life, or an honorary member, who shall I",",1* or not withdraw himself therefrom, by entering with the lecrc-tary thereof a notice limned by himself of his withdraw-tict’

' J 10 continue;

ing himself, Iliail be deemed to continue an annual fub-feriber thereto, from the d-y of his admission: provided arrears 10 he that no member shall be allowed so to withdraw himself, |U'J ° ' until he shall have paid all arrears due by him, and the treasurer shall have certified to the secretary his receipt thereof.

CHAP. XIV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, for one Tear, the Duties therein mentioned on Fire Hearths, in Lieu of all Duties payable on the fame, prior to, or during the fid Term.

WHEREAS it is expedient to exempt the poorer class of occupiers of houses r,p;,cj, from the duty on fire hearths now payable on houses containing one hearth, and no greater number under certain restrictions and exceptions, and to grant certain duties on other houses proportionable to the number of hearths therein and appertaining thereto: therefore, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and between the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and no longer, there shall be ref eftively raised, leded, collected, and paid unto your Majesty, your heirs and successors, the duties herem after mentioned, in lieu of all duties now payable and due, or which may become payable during the time aforesaid, by virtue of an act passed in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty, Charles the second, cn-Yct. XVI. 7 F titled,

574

A D.

!79.V Chap. 14.

The shirty-third Year of George III.

titled, Tin net for fnblijVp}^ a>1 wldiijonpl. rsruepue upon hisI\fafifiy, his h\eh:s apdfie-eeffort, for the better/upperi of his awl their crown and dignity; and also one Other act passed in the seventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign of his said late Wa-jesty, entitled} An additional act for ike letter ordering and-collecting the revenue arising by hearth-money, that is to say, out of every dwelling-house and out-house, or edifice, appertaining thereto, containing in the whole two fire, liprtj^, ot other places used for Tiring dr doves, which flinll be in such dwelling-houfq, out-honk, or other edifice, 'at any time during the said time, the sum of four flullings and four pence; and out of every dwcljing-hqufe aijd out-house, or edifice appertaining thereto, containing in the whole three fire hearths, qy othpr places, u/cd for firing or stoves, which flinll be in such dwelUng-house, out-house, or other edifice, at any time during the said time, the sum of six shillings and six-pence; and out of every dwelling-house and out-house, or edifice appertaining thereto, containing in the whole four fire hearths or other places used for firing or doves, which shall be in such dwelling-houfo, o.ut-house, or edifice, at any, time during the said time, the Turn of nine fiiiliings and nine pence; and out of every dv/dlipg-house and out-house, or edifice appertaining thereto, containing in the whole live lire hearths, or o:!;er places used for firing or doves, which shall be in such. dwelling-hcufe, out-house, or edifice, at ar.y tim-,- during the said time, the.sum. of, twelve stuffing.;, and five pence halfpenny; and put of cvcry%dwelling-house and cut-house, or edifice appcrtaining thereto, containing in the -whole fix or more fire hearths, or ctiur places used for firing.or doves, for every such hearth, firing place or dove, which' lhr.ll be in such dwelling-hpufo, out-house, or edifice, at any time during the fishL time, the sum of two findings and eight pence halfpenny for every, such. health, firing place, or dove therein, or thereunto belonging; and out of every dwelling-hotifeor other house, or edifice, in which there ll.ail he only one fire hearth, or other place used for firing or dove, at any time during, the said time,- except as. herein after is provided, the sum of two shillings; the said duties to be paid as foop, after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-tlirce, as they dial) be demanded.

II. Provided always, That when it shall appear in manner hereafter mentioned, that neither the person inhabiting a house, containing not more than one hearth, nor any other ufng thefine, hath, useth or occupied! any lands, tenement or tenements, or any cotuke or.crophold, for the crop or by the year, of.t their o’.vti, or of others, of a greater yearly value than five pounds, or is not worth ten pounds in goods or chattels, then aiul in such-case the person occupying such house shall ,bc exempted and dischargcdfropi^ the duty on./jrc h^artfisvfcr tfiat year.

III. And be it enacted, That the person claiming such exemption, Hinll produce a certificate under the hand of the person under whom the owner or occupier of such house immediately derives, or his known agent, in the form fol-; lowing:

I A.B. do certify, that I know C. 13. of in the parish of

and that he is tenant to me, or that he is tenant to E. 'F. ‘ (to whom I am agent or receiver for the rents arising out of the said lands, as the case may be J and that the said C D. is the owner or occupier of the house at

' aforesaid, in which he dwells, and not an inmate or lodger therein, and that neither be nor any one inhabiting the said house, hath, useth or occupieth any land, tenement dr tenement's, or any cot-take or crop-hold, for the crop or by the year, under me, cr under the said E F. (as the case may be J for which he pays a greater yearly, rent, or which is of a greater value, to my belief, than five pounds; and that I do believe he hath trt any fuel: tinder any other person worth altogether five pounds c. v«y, and that

*" 1 '* v1"- " y

The tSIrly-tl iYd Yehr df George II. I*

A tieft? it Hit1 'iVirth'ten fsoHVfdt ;j goods or 'e$tfilch, and that he is not a freeholder cf ftt}-ftillh^s'a year, add dots ski fill ale, spirit's, groceries cr tobacco, and dots not Itip it ttin-yar'd, oir tan-fit, dr manufacturefdd'p or candlesferfide. Signed

ft. B. o)' C‘. I):

A

j

And that Inch person (1 all, at the foot of such certificate, swear an affidavit before {\mi justice of the peace for the county, cr magistrate of the town, if in a tovnj corporate; in' forln following:

/ A*. B. do/wear, thiil I and tenant to' , fir tU, hi:ije at

a in the fariflj of , in winch I dwell, and that I am

r.J a)': initiate or lodger therein', anti that wither I nsr any pofut inhabiting the said be:, rave cr hath, use or tjth, occupy or cccupkth landy tenement or tenements, or any ihp-h Jd for the erty, or ly the year, for which a greater rent is payable, or vJ.cb is f greater yearly vaiite than free pounds, and that I am not worth ten pounds h gbits or ehaffrls, and uin net a freeholder offtrty flattings a jeur, and do ml fed

firsts, groceries or toVaccc, cr keep a lanyard or tan-pit, or manufacturefibap or aisdies firfd:; for talcing Vinca affidavit Tech justice or magistrate shall not taka xv.j f" errewurd.

IV. And be it chicled, That where any landlord of any person claiming ll>* reriiptioH aforefiiil,' or liij agent or receiver of his rents, shall sign any such certi-

as aforesaid, the fame }fiaH l>: evidence against such landlord in any suit or proceeding hi la\v or equity touching tKe rent payable by such person, that such rent did nor, at the time of giving such certificate, exceed the fuin of five pounds yearly.

V. Ami for’tfic relief of personi to whom it may be difficult to obtain certl. , HciicV as aforesaid/be it enacted, That all personi who five in houses with one h.’artli,' and 'who flnlfbc certified for in lifts in manner following, shall alfj be cwmpted' from' the duty fcV that year.

Vl/ And be it enacted, That the miniiicr of every parish or union, shall he eo?- j ydwered to hold a vestry between the twenty-fif\li day of March and twenty-fifth thy of April next,’arid in" every future year, between tlva nrft day of January, u:il lifll day of "February, for" the purpose of making out lifts of perfous to be exempted from the duty, of 'which vestry eight days notice shall he given, in which notice the purpdfc for which such vestry shall fie held shall be specified; and no-, lice shall be alfd'given to* foritc hclghbouring justice of the peace of such vestry lb to1 be hebl;'and 'any justice attending such vestry, or in his absenc: tie clergy-, man holdingTuch veftly, fiiailhave power in open vestry to examine upon oath all the personsclaiming exemptions,’or other persons, as to the matters and things contained in the certificate' to be there'granfed, and the certificate shall be in the form following :*

lfo AfilSfimmifler cr'curate of iheparift cr union cf C. and D. E. and F. O. tbttrchwordtns of the fame, do certify, that at a vestry held at in and

firth: fii'd p’arish, on the" day of

uii'tlmfcind fivesi hundred'and' ' , we have car fully and diligently

trammed shiolkc 'circumfantes of the under named person, boufi-hl.ers in salt par/jb cr aHija, on t we believe that they are occupiers of the house in which th.y respdlively dwell, an i arf not inmates cr lodgers therein; and that no person inhabiting the said bijfij ufilb'er icct/piclh any lands, tenement or tenemrsis, or any cot-take or crop-held fir the cr:p, cr by the year, for which a greater yearly rent is payable, cr w j:ch :s of greater'yearly value'than five pounds feeling, or h worth ten pounds fierttng in goods or 7 F 2 chatter.

S76

The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

chattels, or is a freeholder offortyfiillings a year, orfells ale, spirits, gncet is; :r to-

the case may h.

And the said Iift shall be signed at the foot thereof by the justice of the peace, or the minister or curate, and die church wardens, or one of them.

VII. Provided always, That either of such certificates be produced within eight days after the first demand shall be made of the duty, during which eight days, it shall not be lawful to fell any distress taken for the fame, out of any heuse containing one hearth only.

V.II. nd be it further enacted, That every owner or occupier of any heuse and edifice, shall on den.and made by any inipc&or, supervisor, or collector of the said duties, admit such inspector, supervisor, or collector, into such dwelling-Iioufcs, and all out-houses and odices thereunto belonging, and into every room or other place therein; and permit such inspectov, supervisor, or cnlt&tr to survey the hearths, firing places, and fioves therein, and to take an acanm thucor; and that it shall and may be lawful for every inspector, supervisor, anu *.cllt£lcr of the said duties, to survey every house or edifice, and the number tl healths, firing places and (loves therein, and to take a true account thereof 5 and that ;r.) such inspecter, supervisov or collector, shall ami may in ilic day tin.c, lawun the ]:cur cl iM.t of the clock in the forenoon and sun-set, with the ail',finite of a magistrate, ton-liable, or other person, acting as a pence-officer, and in an places v\hcre there arc no such officers, or where such oilicers shall refuse to attend and aififl, then without any such assistance make entry into the said respixlive houses and edifices, and into the several apartments therein, and take information by their rwn view and survey of the number of fire hearths, and other places used for firing am! iloves in every such house and edifice, and according to such account, the several houses and edifices therein mentioned, shall be charged with the duties which shall then be payable, unless where any such house or edifice has been newly built, in which case such hearths therein as appear not to have been used, or capable of being used at the time of such survey, shall not be charged.

IX. And be it enacted, That in any case where any inspecter, supervisor, or collector of hearth-money, shall have been admitted, cr shall have made entry into any house or edifice to survey and view the hearths, (loves, and oilier firing places, therein, the owner or occupier of such house or edifice, or other person who shall attend such supervisor or collector upon such survey, upon confcnting that die duty for one hearth for any room therein be charged, may refuse to admit such inspector, supervisor, or collector, into any such room, except the fame be a kitchen or a room in an out-housej and in every such case, every inspector, supervisor, and collector, shall accordingly charge the duty for 0:1c hearth in every such room.

X. And be it enacted, That in case any qtieftion or difference shall arise toudi-ing the number of hearths, stoves, or o.ther firing places, of which an account shall be taken by any inspector, supervisor, or colleger, the same shall be heard and determined by cne or more justice or justices of the peace next adjoining, not being a landlord or landlords of the premises, or by the chief magistraic of the place, upon complaint in that behalf, and the oath of the owner or occupier of the house or edifice, shall be admiilible upon such complaint.

XI. And be it enacted, That the respective owners or occupiers of all houses or edifices, shall be, and they are hereby chargeable with all duties which shall

in tit.n;bef‘ ly'T. W. esquire, justice of t or by A.B. mwijler or curate, a;

the peace fir thefatd county of-

The thirty-third Year of George III. 577

'become due in arroar by them, or v.ff ich flu!: become due by them, or out of rt. 1). their respective lioulcs, out-houfos, or uiiffce«, and the find duties shall be pr.nl to *7^)* the Ciid supervisors and co!iecU»>, upon demand rude thereof, at the house or l/J.

place where the same shall ariie or grow due, or :l ilic home or place of abode '

of any owner or occupier chargeable with any duty or ar.cr.r, in case such owner or occupier shall have removed from the house, in respect of which be bctvmc chargeable with such duty; and all goods and chattel* in any lumie, out-houuy or edifice, shall be subject to all dudes which shall lute become due in respect ol such house, out-house, or edifice; and :n case of refusal or default of payment thereof after such demand, such supervisors and collectors may, at any tune in the day time, with the aififlance of a magiflrato, justice of the peace, or other peace officer; and in all places where there are no such officers, or where umh officer. ffr.all refuse to attend and assist, then without any such niinhuice make entry into such house, out-house, or edifice, and levy the find duty and all arreats thereof, either by distress and sale of any good* found hi the house, out-house, or edifice, chargeable with such duty and arrears, or on the goods of the parry or parties chargeable therewith, whensoever the same shall be found, restoring to the party or parlies die overplus of such money as such goods shall be sold for, over and above the duty anil arrearages thereof, then due, and over and above the necessary charges of taking such distress, and such charges shall not in any case exceed the fourth part of the duty and arrearages thereof so levied.

XII. Provided a so, and be it enacted, That no owner, proprietor, or occupier of hearths, firing places or (loves, il.all be charged with, or chfirahicd, or metefted for the said duty, or any arrearages at any time after the space of two years, next after the duty shall become payable to his Majesty, Lis heirs and succes-lors.

XIII. And be it enacted, Thatif any perfirn shall fraudulently flop up, deface, cover, or conceal any hearth, firing place, or stove, chargeable with the said duty, and the fame be proved either by confdfion of the party, or upon oath, before one or more justice or justices of the peace, or chief magistrate, or by their view, every such pcvfon shall be charged* with, and pay doub’c the amount of the duty for the fame, to be levied as aforesaid; and if any question or difference shall arise concerning the flopping up of any hearth, or about the taking of any distress for, or levying the duty for the fame, the same shall be heard and determined by the chic* magistrate of the place, or by one or more justice or justices of the peace near adjoining, such justice or justices, not being a landlord or landlords of the party charged with the said duty upon complaint in that behalf; and the pioof of the time that any such hearth was flopped up, shall lie on the owner or occupier of the house.

XIV. Provided always, That no hearth, firing place, or stove, shall be* deemed to be flopped up, ualess the whole of the fame be built with {tones or bricks, and mortar made with lime.

XV. And be it enacted, That ail chief rr.agistrates, sheriffs, and justices of the peace, and other hi.; Majesty's peace officers within their several and respective jurisiliftions, are hereby authorized and required to give aliiftance from time to time to the fcvciul infj.eftors, supervisors, and ccHed'ters of the said duties, in charging an.i collecting the fame

XVI. .';nd be it enacted, That so much of the find aft paffbd in the seventeenth and eighteenth yeais of the reign of Ids late Majesty, Charles the second, entitled,

An additional act for to: better ordering and collecting the revenue arising by hearth money, as cnafts, tl.a. a i-such dwciling-’.oufcs as have no fixed hearths with chimneys over them, shall be deemed and t.iV.n to have two hearths, and be chargeable with

Yol. XVI. 7 G the

578 The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

the duty accordingly, until such time as there shall be one or more fixed hearth or

21793. hearths, with a chimney or chimnies placed over the lame, in all and every dwd-

ling-house or houses aforesaid, be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any action, suit, or information, ft. nil be commenced or prosecuted, against any person or persons, for any matter or thing which he or they shall do in pursuance or execution of this act, the same shall be commenced within three months next after the alledged cause of action or information shall accrue, and the defendant or defendants' in such ntfUon may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence against any trial to be had thereupon; and if the plaintiff or prosecutor shall become non-suit, or suffer discontinuance, or if a verdict pass against the plaintiff or prosecutor, or if upon demurrer judgment pass against him, the defendant or defen-dams shall recover treble costs against such plaintiff or prosecutor, for which there shall be like remedy, as in any case where costs by law arc given to the defendant.

CHAP. XV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, federal Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties.

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subject the commons of Ireland in parliament assembled, being desirous to rajfc such aids and fop;dies as may be sufficient to support with honour and dignity your Majesty's government, do humbly present to your Majesty the free gift of the rates and duties herein after mentioned, and do befyech your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four inclusive, there shall be, throughout the kingdom of Ireland, raised, collected, levied, and paid unto your Majesty, your heirs and successors, the several and respective rates, impositions, duties, charges, and sums of money following , that is to fry, for and upon the several matters and things expreftbd in the schedule hereunto annexed, the several and respective rates, impositions, duties, charges and sums of money in the said schedule mentioned; and for every advcviisement to be contained or publHked in any gazette, newspaper, journal, or daily a counts, to be publiflud weekly or oftener, or in any other printed paper or pamphlet whatsoever, being dispersed or made publick yearly, monthly, or at any ether interval or time within the timeflforefrid, or in any hand-bill containing more than one advertisement, printed and dispersed within the time aforesaid, a duty of one shilling) and a further duty for the fame, after the rate of one shilling for every ten lines which every such advertisement shall contain over and above the first ten lines; no such line to exceed in length twenty m’s of the letter called long primer, or two inches and three quarters of an inch; and for and upon every pamphlet or paper, not exceeding fix {beets in octavo, or in a lesser page, and not exceeding twelve sheets in 5 ’ quarto,

7hk thirty-third Year of George III. 579

(uino, or twenty fliects in folio, so printcu, a duty after the rate of two Hulling'- A.D. for every fticet of any kind of paper which shall be contained in one printed [ 7^3.

copy, or impression thereof 5 and for and upon all insurances for infuiing houfwi Chap. 15. furniture, poods, wares, merchandize, or other property from loss by fire, which still he made at any time between the twenty-fifih d*.y of March, one thcuf.ind seven hundred and ninety-three, and the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand fcvea hundred and ninety-four inclusive, a duty after the rate of one shilling for every one hundred pounds insured thereby.

II. And be it enacted, That in case any such advertisement Hull be printed in lines exceeding such length as aforesaid, then and in that case there shall be paid for every such advertisement treble the duties herein before mentioned.

III. And be it enacted, That every deed, mflrument, note, or memorandum,

Utter, muniment, or writing, for or relating to the payment of any sum of money, or for making any valuable confuleration for or on the loss of any ship or veil'd, goods, monies, or effects, or upon any loss by fire, or for any loss yhn’soever, or for or upon any life.or lives, shall be construed, deemed, and adjudged to be policies of infurauce, within the meaning of this act.

IV. And be it enacted, That every deed, instrument, note, memorandum, letter, or other muniment, or writing, between the captain and mailer, or owner of any drip or vessel, and any merchant, trader, or other perfoa, in respect 0: the freight, or conveyance of any goods, money, wares, merchandises or efiefts laden, or to be laden on board of any such ship or vessel shall bs deemed, and adjudged to be a charter-party within the meaning of this act.

V. And for correcting abuses committed by arresting persons without any writ or legal process to justify the fame, by means whereof, the payment of the duty hereby given to the .-own upon such process may be evaded; be it enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-thiee, every officer or clerk belonging, or that shall hereafter belong to the court of King’s Bench, court of Common Pleas, or court of Exchequer, who shall sign any writ or process before judgment, to arrest any person or persons thereupon, shall at the time of signing thereof, set down upon such writ or process, the day and year of signing the fame, which shall be entered upon the remembrance roll, or in the book wherein the abstract of such writ or process shall be entered, upon pain to forfeit the sum of ten pounds for- every offence or neglect of such officer, or clerk as aforesaid; such forfeiture to be recovered by civil bill, otic r.oiuy thereof to the use of your Majesty, your Heirs and fttcccflors, and the other moittv to him, her, or them who shall inform and sue for the fume.

VI. And be it enacted, That all books and pamphlets, serving chiefly for the purpose of an almanack -pr a directory, by whatever name or names entitled or ikfcribec!, arc and shall be charged with the duty imposed by this act on almanacks and directories, but not with any of the duties charged by this act on pamphlets, or any other printed papers, any thing heroin contained to the contrary noiwjrhitanning.

VII. Provided always, That this act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend to charge any biil of exchange, accounts, bills of parcels, bills of fees, or any bills or notes (nor feajed) for payment of money at light, or upon demand, or tt the end of certain days of payment.

VIII. Provided also, That nothing in this act contained dull extend to charge the probate of any yfjil, or letters of admimilrarion of any common seaman or so'.uier «bn shall be fl.un or die in h:s Majesty's service, a certificate bring produced from the captain or commander of the ship or vessel, or captain or commanding officer of the troop or company under whom such seaman or soldier Curved at the time of hit death; of th± truth whereof an oath (or if by a 'quaker :i

7 0 2 folrnn

580 The thirty-third Year of George I'll.

A.D.

solemn affirmation) shall be made before the proper judge :;r officer ' y wh-m rUl.r 1793‘ Iir°kate or atiminidratiem ought to be granted, which oath or affirma:ir.ji Chan. I j judge or officer is hereby authorized and required to udnmiifler, wiihcut fee tI ^"Nnsj reward.

IX. Provided also, Tiint none of the r ites, duties, cr sums of money hr.p-\;'.t{ by this act, shall be raised, levied, or pud, or bj payable unto y.*ur Mijrlly|,r virtue of this act, by any person or persons who fl-.all be admitted to fee cr p-. fend in forma pauperis, so far as relates to the futt in which he, she, or t! cy C?|; be admitted to sue or defend.

X. Provided also, That this a'-, or any clvafc herein contained, fis.il! no: j. conllrued to charge with any duty, any warrant made by, or recognizance tp.V«a before any justice or justices of the peace, or ?oy proceedings of my caurt-martial which relate to any trial of any common soldier, but such warrant?, re. cognizances and proceedings shall be and are hereby declared to bi exciu-noj from the payment of any of the duties imposed by this act.

XI. Provided also, That this a# shall not extend to charge with any of the duties aforesaid, any of parliament, proclamations, orders of council, fem* of prayer and rhankfgiving, or any ?xl$ of Hate which shall be ordered by your Kl.ijcfh’, your heirs and successors, or by the lord lieutenant, or oilier dim governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being, to be printed, or printed votes or other matters which are or shall be ordered to be printed by either house of parliament, any b^oks commonly ufecl in any of the schools of lr:-land, or any books containing only matters of devotion *or piety, or any advertise. mem published by the trustees of hospitnls relative to the business of such hofninh, or any Angle advertisement printed by itself, or the weekly bills of mortality, or the daily accounts or bills of goods imported anti exported, *o as such daily :c-counts, or hills cf goods imported stud exported, do contain no other matter iLti zc-counts of good? imported into and exported from this kingdom, and the p’.rri-cttlirs relating to such imports and exports, and so as the fame be printed and published by such officer or officers as-(lull be authorized thereto by the lord lieutenant-general, or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being; any tiling herein contained to the contrary notwithlUnil. inf.

XII. And be it enacted, That all accounts or bids of goods imported or reported, printed or published by any other person or persons, except such o:Ik:r or officers authorized as aforesaid, whether printed or published daily, weekly, monthly, or at any other time or times, or published as accounts, or as an ft rails of accounts, or in any other manner M'hitsoever, ffi.jli be, and ar^ l:ir> by deemed to be daily accounts, or bills of goods imported and exported, and subject to the' duties hereby imposed, and shall pay a duty in proportion to the number of day’s accounts of imports or exports contained therein; that is to nv, the sum of one penny for every day’s account, or abilraft of every day’s accounts, of imports or exports, which shall appear to be included in every such publication.

XIII. Provided a’so, That nothing herein contained frail extend, or be confined to extend to subject the books of any corporate body to any stamp or duly whatsoever.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the said commissioners shall cause to be kept a distintt account of the money arising from the respective duties of ten pound?, in the said schedule mentioned, on the admission of any student, and on the ad-million of any barrilier into the inns of court, and the further duty of seven . pounds in the said schedule mentioned, upon each part of indentures for binding

as

The thirty-third Year of George III. 581

ju apprentice to an attorney, on cl that the f'.mc shall be p ml to the treasurer of A.D. the said society, to be applied by J;i:n in fitch manner as fiull be directed by the j

faitl Tucicty- Chn;1. 1

XV. And be it enacted, That fer the better: :ul more efiecluaPy coll.-ding, >_

and paying unto your Majesty, your heirs and usceetTois, the several and respective duties hereby granted, it shall and may be lawful for your Majesty, or the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the.lime being, from time to time, to nominate and appoint such persons as your Majesty, your heirs and successors, or the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, shall think fit, to be commissioners or officers for the stamping and marking of vellum, parchment and paper, and managing the duties thereupon \ and that the commissioners so to be appointed shall keep their head office in some convenient place within the city of Dublin \ and, the said commissioners cr the major part of them, are hereby empowered under their bands and (cals, to appoint such inferior officers, with th: consent and approbation of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, for the maiking or Ramping of vellum, parchment, and paper, and for the better collecting or levying the duties hereby granted to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, as they at their disemion flisll think proper.

XVI. And whereas U may be difficult to prove, that the commissioners ami other oflicers for managing and collecting the duties on velium, parchment, and paper, heretofore appointed, or who have held,> or who do now, or may hereafter actually hold such offices respectively, have performed the requisites prescribed by law to entitle them to execute the said offices respectively, and questions may arlfc thereon touching the validity of the a els doue, or to be done, by the said commissioness and oflicers, and the validity of the type:, marks, and (lamps, which have been, or may be used for the marking of the said duties, and of the impressions made therewith: be it enacted, That all types, marks and stamps heretofore used by the said commissioners, or by any officer or oflicers acting under their authority, for marking the said duties, and all impressions made therewith on any deeds, records, or writings whatsoever, dial] be, and the fame and every of them a:£ and is hereby declared lawful and valid to all intents and purposes; and that in all aCuons, suits, indictments, informations, prosecutions and proceedings whatsoever, touching any of the matters contained in this ail, or for or touching any act or acts heretofore done or hereafter to be done by the said commissioners and oflicers, or any of them, in virtue or under colour of their respective offices,

it shall b<? deemed and taken that the said commissioners and officers have been duly appointed to their offices respectively, without producing their patent, appointment, or commission, and have performed the several requisites preferred by hw to entitle them to execute the fairi offices refnc£livelyj without, making proof ^hc.rcof.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the several commissioners and officers heretofore appointed for the marking or damping of velium, parchment, and paper, and managing the duties thereupon, and now actually holding and rvercifing such offices respectively, r.salfo such other commissioners and officers ns shall be hereafter appointed-pursuant to this act, shall,' during the continuance of this act, for more effectually levying the several duties hereby granted, continue to sd in the fiveifll offices to.which they1 have been, or Avail be so appointed, or which they now aduaflv hold or csercifc, in like manner, with the fame power-'

And authorities, and subject to the f-.me restrictions and limitations as are mentioned in former ada of parliament, granting stamp duties unto your Majesty, or any of them, save as4icrrin is otherwise directed, unless such commissioners or in-'Vot. XVL 7 H

senor

58a The ihirij-third Year of George III.

\% fcrior officers shall be fccner removed from such offices by the lord lieutenant, or

t chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, or unless such

Chap. 15. hiferior officers shall be sooner removed from such offices by the said commissioners, with the coiifent and approbation of the said lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or chief governors of tins kingdom fer the time being.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That the types, marks, and stamps already'kept or used for denoting and marking on vellum, parchment, and paper, the several and respective duties granted by the said acts, or any of them, or hereafter to be kept or used at the said head office, for denoting and marking on vellum, parchment, and paper, the several and Tcfpe&We duties hereby granted, shall'he the only true and lawful types, marks, and (lamps, for the stamping and inipressing of all vellum, parchment and paper, on which any of the several things herein directed to be charged, have been or shall be engrossed or written; and that from time to time, as often as such types, marks, or stamps, or any of them, shall be worn out, or othonvife become unserviceable, the said commissioners may cause the same to be repaired and rendered fit for use, or cause renewals thereof, or similar types, marks, and (lamps to be made and used, if they shall think proper so to do 5 and that where such types, marks, or (lamps, shall not specifically denote the duties chargeable by this act, two or more of such types, marks, or (lamps, the duties denoted whereby shall in the whole amount to the duties chargeable by this act, may be used fer marking and inipressing vellum, parchment, and paper, with such duties j or the said commissioners may cause to be provided new types, marks-, or stamps, for denoting such duties, <or any of them, if they shall think proper so to do, and to (lamp and mark vellum, parchment, and -paper chargeable with such duties, with the same.

XIX. And be it enacted, That the devices or marks used, or to be used for denoting and marking on vellum,-parchment and paper, the said duties, or any of them, may be changed, varied, or altered from time to>time,-as your Majesty, your heirs and successors, or the lord lieutenant or other-chief -governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being shall think (it: provided that whensoever such devices or marks shall be changed, varied, or -altered, then, and in every such.case, publick notice of such change,* variation,* or alteration, (I all be given by advertisement in the Dublin Gazette, and-in some other publick newspaper, a convenient time-before the types, marks, or stanjps on which such new devices or marks shall be made, be-used.

XX. And be it enacted, That all courts of’justice, and judges whatsoever, shall, without allegation or proof on that behalf, take judicial notice of the several types, marks, and (lamps kept or used as aforesaid, as and for the only true and lawful-types, marks, and (lamps for the purpose herein mentioned.

XXI. And be it enacted, That the commissioners heretofore appointed, or hereafter to be appointed by your Majesty, your heirs and successors, or by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being os aforesaid, or the major part of such commissioners, shall and may from time to time, as they shall see occasion, appoint one-or more (it person or persons to attend in any court or courts, office or offices, which person or persons shall have full power and authority to inspect and examine-the vellum, parchment and paper, upon which any of the matters or things aforesaid have been -or shall be engrossed or written, or put, and also the marks or stamps thereqpon, and also all other matters and things tending to secure to your Majesty, -your heirs and successors, the duties arising by this act or by any former act, whereby any duties were granted to your Majesty, upon stamped vellum, parchment,-and.paper.j and that the judges in the several courts, and such others to whom tit may.appertain, at the request of the said commissioners, or of any two of them, (bail make such

5 -ciders

The thirty-third Year of George III.

;Jei3 in their respective courts, and do such other miners and things for the better securing of the said duties, as shall be lawfully and reasonably desired in that behalfj and that every commissioner, and oVner officer before he proceeds to the execution of his office under such appointment, shall take ami subscribe the wth pTcfcribc’d by, and mentioned in an -ad puffed rin the twenty-third and rrcuty-fourth years of your Majesty's reign, entitled, An off fir granting unto pur Majesty, your heirs andfu:cessors% several duties upon stamptd vellum, parchment, oni paper, to be administered as in the said act is mentioned: provided that nothing in this act contained, (hall'affect, or 'be construed to affect, an act pissed in this kingdom* in the twenty-ffrft and tvcenty-second years of your Majesty's reign, entitled, An off to regulate the qualifications of persons -appointed to offices in this king-ism, wherein two or more grantees &57 under one grant, commission, or appointment, but that the said act’and every part thereof, shall remain in full force,

XXII. And be it enacted, That the said commissioners and other officers’heretofore appointed, and hereafter to be appointed as aforesaid, and all officers employed, or to be employed or entrusted by or under them as aforesaid,' ihaty, from lims to time, in and for the better execution of their several offices and trulls, obfmc and perfornr such rules, methods, and orders as they respectively have teceivcA, or shall receive, from time to'time, from the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom,-for the time being j and that the said commissioners shall take special care that the several parts-of this kingdom, from time to time, be sufficiently furnished with vellum, parchment, and paper, damped or marked as aforesaid, -so that your Majesty's subjects may have it in their election to buy' the fame of the officers or persons to be employed by the said commissioners, at the usual‘rates above the said duty, or to bring their own vellum, parchment, and paper, to be stamped as aforesaid, or to furnish themselves from others'who shall have done the same.

XXIII. And whereas heretofore a practice prevailed to insert in one (kin of parchment, on which bills, answeis, and other pleadings in equity were engrossed or written, twenty chancery or exchequer (beets, every (licet in chancery containing ninety words, and every (heetinthe exchequer one hundred and two words, and the fame has been deemed a reasonable quantity to be engrossed and written in and upon every (kin of parchment, and the usual charge for drawing and engrafting may accordingly, upon taxation of cods, be fairly and equitably allowed; be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this act, all attornies, solicitors, or other persons shall make their several charges upon their clients cr employers, for engrossing bills, answeis, and other pleadings in equity, at or after the known and usual rates for every (kin, according to the number of skins they shall so engross or write, and not otherwise.; and if -any attorney, foHcitor, or other person, shall, for writing or engrossing one (kin of parchment only, charge any client or employer for double or treble skins, or for more than one {kin, making his charge-by the (beet, or in any other manner than by the (kin, under pretence of having dnferted in such one (kin of parchment a greater number of fhects than twenty, or under any other pretence whatsoever, such charge shall not be payable by the client, and further, that every attorney, solicitor, or other person shall, for every such charge so made or demanded, forfeit and pay for the nrft offence the-sum of ten pounds, and for the second offence the sum of fifty pounds, and for the third and every other offence the sum of one hundred pounds, with treble costs of suit.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That where any bill of cod in any cause in your Majesty's courts of Chancery or Exchequer, in which there shall be any '.haige or charges for drawing, or for engrossing on parchment any bills, answeis, or other pleadings in-.the. said courts respectively, which shall be engrossed or written, and 7 H % filed

583 A.D.

584 The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

filed In either of the bid courts shall be taxed) the officer who shall respecti.c;-,

I -^3. Ux such bills of colls,- shall tax the charges for drawing, and engrossing far:. Chap. 15. kiNs a°d answers, and other pleadings at the usual charge by the fkio, accord-—J ing to the number of skins actually contained in such pleadings, and not :C-cording to the number of fliects or words contained in such (Hn, according, the true intent and meaning of this act; and such officer) if the bill of coih ;o be taxed be in a cause in the court of chancery, shall signify. at the foot of fuel-, bill of«cofl, that the number of (bins-contained in the pleadings mentioned therein hath been, certified, to him by the keeper of the rolls of the court of Chancery, or his deputy; and if such bill of coll be in a- cause in the mrt of Exchequer; the1 officer who' shall tax the fone, shall signify at the foot of such bill that l;s hath inspected the engroffinent of the pleadings mentioned in such bill of colls; and in case such officers respectively, who Audi- tax such bills of colls; as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to apply to the clerk of the rolls-for such certificate as aforesaid, or to inspect the ongrofiment of the pleadings- mentioned' in such bill of costs, or shall neglect or refuse to tax the charges for drawing and engrossing such bills, answers, or other pleadings in- manner herein directed, every fuel; officer fc neglecting or refusing respectively as- aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such . neglect or refusal, the sum of ten pounds 5 and in case the keeper or keepers of the rolls of the court of Chancery, or his or their deputy, shall neglect: or refuse to inspect and certify the number of skins contained in such pleadings as afore-fjiil, to the proper officer of the find court, upon being applied to- by him for the purposes aforesaid,- such keeper or keepers, or his or their deputy, foil, for every such neglect or refusal, forfeit in like manner the sum of ten pounds; which salt! several forfeitures shall be enforced in a summary way, upon moiion by order of the said courts of Chancery and Exchequer, upon complaint made to them respectively, against any officer who shall be guilty of such neglect or refusal, and shall go and enure to the use of your Majesty, your heirs asa loc* cefiors.

X&V. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to the charge to be made for engrailing any bill, answsr, 0:

other pleading in equity, the whole contents of which shall not amount to the . quantity or number of (beets to be contained in two skins, reckoning the quantity in every (kin, according to the number of sheets above specified.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That every copy of every affidavit which shall be read in any court whatsoever, {half be engrailed or written in such manner, ts that the quantity of writing contained in anyone sheet or piece of paper, foil not be deemed more than one (beet, according to the manner in which the officers of the courts in which such affidavit shall be respectively filed, charge by the fhect for such.affidavit; and if any officer of any court shall charge for the quantity of writing contained in any one fhect or piece of paper, on which any copy of such affidavit shall be written, more than the fees to which he shall be entitled for one (licet, according to the course of the court in which such affidavit shall be filed, he shall for every such charge so made or demanded, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, with treble costs of suit to any parson or persons who shall inform and sue for the same, in any court of record, by nftion, bill, plaint, or information, -wherein no efibign, protection, or wager of law.shall be allowed, or by civil bill in the court of proper jurisdiction.

XXVII. And to prevent frauds which might be committed by writing such copies upon both fides of any flicet or piece of paper; be it enacted, That where more than one side or page of any Chect of paper shall be stamped or marked with the duty by this act charged on paper on which such copy of an affidavit

m

The thirty-third Year of George III. 585

full be written, each side or pige so mrrW or stamped, shall be deemed a k*pa- A.D. rate fliect or piece of paper, within the intent or meaning of this act. j

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That all records, writs, pleading?, and other pro- Qjap, j ceeciings in the courts of law and equity, r.ml ail deeds, instruments, and writ-

ings whatsoever, hereby charged, null be engrossed or written in such manner as they have been ufuaiiv accutloiued to be written, or are now written, fjvc as herein otherwise mentioned.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That all writings, matters and things in resptft whereof any of the said duties shall be payable, and which fl;n!l be engrossed or written before or on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, shall be written in such manner, that some part thereof Dial] be as near as conveniently may be to the (lamps or marks which shall in pursuance of this act be placed on the vellum, parchment, cr paper whereupon the same shall be written or engrossed, upon pain that the person who fiia’l write or engross, or cause to be written or engrossed, any such writing, matter or thing contrary to the true' meaning hereof, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered by civil bill, one moiety thereof to the use of your Majesty, your heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him, her, or them who shall inform and sue for the same.

XXX. And be it enacted, That all vellum, parchment, and paper hereby intended to be charged with the several duties aforesaid, shall, before any of the matters -or things herein before mentioned, be thereupon engrossed or written, be brought to the head office aforesaid to be stamped and maikcd$ and the said commissioners and officers are hereby required, upon demand of the person or ersons so bringing the same, forthwith, without any fee or reward, to (lamp or mark any quantity or parcels of vellum, parchment, or p-'per so brought, such person or persons paying to such officer or officers as shall be appointed in that behalf, the respective duties hereby granted and directed to be paid for the same.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons shall be arrested, be-

tween the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four inclusive, by virtue of any writ or process of any of your M.:jtfly*s courts of record in Dublin, at the suit of any common person, and the ffieriff or other officer shall take bail from such person against whom such writ or process shall issue, the ffieriff or other officer, at the rrquest and colt of the plaintiff in such action or suit, or of his lawful attorney, shall assign to the plaintiff in such action or suit, the bail-bond or other security taken from such bail, by endoifing the fame, and attesting it under his hand and seal in the presence of two or more credible witnesses, which may be done without any (lamp; provided, the* alignment so endorsed, be duly stamped before any action be brought thereupon $ and a!so, that for and during the time aforesaid, when and so often as it shall become-necessary for any ffieriff, or other officer hav ing authority to grant replc- . vins, to align any bond of any plaintiff in replevin, to the avowant or defendant in such action, such siffignment mnv be mare without any (lamp; provided the assignment so made, be duly stamped Lftcre any action be brought thereupon.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That if any cc mmissionerj or oth-r officer appointed, or to be appointed as aforesaid, shall fix any such nvirk or damp to any vellum, parchment, or paper, which shall be brought to die head-office aforesaid, to be stamped or marked, before the several and respective ‘duties thereupon charged by this act, shall be duly answered and paid, or be secured to be paid to Vol. XVI. 7 I the

586 The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D. «U >:.= r-f your I'Juj-.dly, year l.:lrs and fucediors, he fi-all fqr every such offence \ forfeit the sum of o:.c hundred pounds*

Ch;ip, XKXIIL Am! be it enacted, That if any person or persons have or hath en-graftal or written, or enufed to be engrafted or written, at any time finee the commencement of the find acts, or any of them, or shall at any time hereafter engross or write, or cause to be engrafted or written, upon any vellum, parchment, or p'per, any of the matters or things for which such vellum, parchment, or paper, was chargeable by the said acts, or any of them, or is hereby charged to pay any duty before such time as the ft id vellum, parchment, or paper, hath been, or shall be marked or stamped as aforesaid, or hath, or have engrafted or written, or caused to be engrafted or written, or shall engross or write, or cause to be engrafted or written, any matter or thing upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, that have been, or shall be stamped or marked for au.y lower duty than the duty by the said acts, or this act, payable for what hath been, or shall he so engrafted or written, theu and in every such case there shall be answered and paid to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, over and above such duty as aforesaid, for every such deed, instrument, or writing, the sum of ten pounds*, and no such deed, record, instrument, or writing, Hull on any pretence whatsoever, be pleaded or given, or received in evidence in any court, or admitted in any court to be good or available in lav; or equity, until as well the said duty, as the said sum of ter. pounds, shall be first paid to your Majesty's use, and a receipt produced for the fame under the hand or hands of some of your Majesty's officers appointed to receive the duties above mentioned, and until t{-:e vellum, parchment, or paper, on which such deed, instrument, or writing hath been, or shall be written or made, shall be marked or stamped with a lawful mark or (lamp; and the proper officer or officers are hereby required upon payment, or tender of the said duty, and sum of ten pounds, unto him or them, to give a receipt for the fame, and to mark and (lamp such vellum, parchment, or paper, with the murk or flump that shall be proper for such deed, instrument, or writing respectively-

XXXIV. Provided always, and the said commissioners are hereby authorized to (lamp all instruments executed out of tins kingdom, upon payment of the duty payable thereon according to this act, without paying the f.iid additional duty of ten pounds, proof being first: made to the futisfaclion of the said commissioners, or the major part of them, that such instruments were really executed out of this kingdom.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to judgments upon pfaasy inquisitions, writs of fare faeiot, or to judgments upon >;/ du.it: provided the fame be stumped with the proper stamp within one month next after the same shall have been signed, and that no dtfeount shall be allowed thereon.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That any ofliceT or officers who shall neglect or omit to bring such judgment or judgments to be stamped within one month, as hereby directed, shall for every such neglect or omission, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered by civil bill, or in any court of record in this kingdom.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons shall engross or write, or cause to be engrafted or written, upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, any of the matters or things for which the said vellum, parchment, or paper, is hereby charged to pay any duty, before such time as the said vellum, parchment, or paper, shall be marked or stamped as aforesaid, or shall engross or write, or cause to be engrafted or written, any matter or thing upon vellum, parchment, or paper, that shall be marked or stamped for any lower duty than the duty by

this

The shirty-tlird Year of George III. 5S7

tlus aft pay.sbic for what shall be so engrossed or written, such person To offend- A.D. ing, shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of five pounds, to be recovered 179 r by civil bill; one moiety thereof to your Maj.-fty, your heirs and succeslbre, (,]jap. a:«l the other moiety to him, her, or them, who shall inform and fuc for the

Line.

XXXVIJL And be it enacted, That in case any clerk, officer, or person, who in reffccl of any publick office or employment, is or shall he authorized cr enmidid to make, engross, or write any records, deeds, instruments, or writings, by this act charged to pay a duty as aforesaid, shall be wilfully guilty of any practice, to defraud your Majesty, your heirs, or successors, of any duty by this act payable, by making engrossing, or writing any such record, deed, instrument, or writing, or by caofing the same to be made, and engrafted, or written upon vellum, parchment, or paper, not marked or stamped according to this act, or upon vellum, parchment, or paper, marked or stamped with any mark or damp which he shall know to be counterfeited, or by wilfully engrossing or writing any such deed, indrument, or other writing upon vellum, parchment, or paper, which he shall know to be stamped or marked for a lower duty than the duty payable by this act upon the fame, then every such clerk, officer, or person, so guilty of any fraud or practice, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall forfeit his office, place, or employment, respectively, and be disabled to hold or enjoy the same for the future; and if any attorney belonging to any court, (had wilfully be guilty of any such fraud or practice ss aforesaid, and be convicted thereof, he shall be disabled for the future to practise as an attorney.

XXXIX. And to prevent committing of frauds on your Majesty, in respect of ti e duty payable on the admission of attornies into courts: be it enacted, That no attorney shall practise either in his own name, or in the name of any other attorney in any of his Majesty's courts of law, or in any court of record whatsoever, in which attornies are admitted, except only in such court or courts in which he shall have actually b?e;i admitted and sworn an attorney, upon pain of the per-fun so practising being rendered incapable of being sworn an attorney in any court of law; and every attorney who shall so practise in any court in which he shall not have been admitted and i’worn an attorney, shall be disabled from recovering the costs of any proceedings carried on by him in such court.

XL. And be it enacted, That every person to be sworn or admitted nn attorney in any of his Majesty's courts of law, or any court of record whatsoever, or a solicitor of the court of Chancery, shall, previous to such admission into every court, produce to the proper officer, to whom he shall apply to be admitted an attorney or fbJicitor 35 aforesaid, a certificate signed under the hand or band* of some of your Majesty's officers appointed to receive the stamp duties, dating that such person has paid the duty by this act made payable on such admission; which certificate shall be lodged with such officer of every court into which he shall be admitted, and remain in his custody, to be examined by die fa«d commissioners for managing the stamp duties, or any officer by them appointed, at any time they shall thick fit; and that from and after the passing of this act, errry person who shall be bound an apprentice to an attorney(hall also obtain 2 written certificate from some of your Majesty's officers appointed to receive the duties aforesaid, of his having paid the duty by this act made payable on such indentures of apprenticeship; which certificate shall be lodged with the pToper officer of the court in which said indentures arc enrolled, or to which the master of the said apprentice doth belong, and the officer or officers of such court are hereby required to take charge of and keep such certificate, so that the fame may and shall be produced, and read in open court on the admission of every attorney, and produced to a niafler of the court of Chancery, on the admission of 7 I 2 a solicitor

588

A.D. 1793. Chap. ij

The thirty-third Year of George III.

a solicitor of that court, before he shall be admitted, and sworn an attorney or solicitor, reflectively, as aforesaid; and that no person shall be capable cf prac-§ fifing as an attorney or solicitor, respectively, or recovering any bill of colls due to him as an attorney or solicitor, unless he shall have paid the stamp duties hereby imposed upon him when bound apprentice, and when admitted an attorney or solicitor, at or previous to the time of his being admitted an attorney as afore* fail!*, and it is the express meaning and intention of this act, that no person vhntsoever be admitted an attorney into any court, unless such person has served his regular time or apprenticeship of five years to a practising attorney of said courts, 4

XLI. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons shall write, or engross, cr enufe to be written or engrossed, either in the whole or part of any matter or thing in respect whereof any duty is payable by this act, upon any part of any piece of vellum, parchment, or paper whereon there shall have been before cn-grefied, written, or printed, any other matter or thing in respect whereof any duty is payable by this act, before such vellum, parchment, or paper shall have been again marked or Ramped according to this act, or shall fraudulently erase or jjerape out, or enufe to be erased or feraped out the name or names of -any person or persons, or any sum, date, or thing engrossed, written, or printed in such instrujnent, writing, matter, or thing.as aforesaid, or fraudulently cut, tear, or take-off any mark or (lamp from any piece of vellum, parchment, or paper, or any part thereof, with intent to use such Ramp or mark for any other writing,-matter, or thing in respect whereof any duty shall be payable by virtue of this act, then and in every such case, every such person so offending in any of the particulars bcfcrc mentioned, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of

fifty pounds.

XLIF. Provided always, and be it enacted, That so often cs the fold devices or marks, or any of them shall be changed, varied, or altered as herein before mentioned, it shall be lawful for all p:rfo»s who shall have at that time in their custody or pofli.*flion,-any vellum, parchment, or paper,.marked with the impression of the type, mark, or Ramp which Riall have been so changed, varied, or altered, upon which none of the matters or things hereby charged shall have been engrossed or written, to bring or fend at any time within the space of sixty days after the publication of such advertisement as aforesaid, such vellum, parchment, and p.'per to the said commissioners at the "head office in the city of Dublin, or to such other officers appointed as -aforesaid and the said commissioners and officers respectively are hereby required to deliver or cause to be delivered unto the several persons who shall. so-bring and deliver any quantity of vellum, parchment, or paper, the like quantity of -vellum, parchment, or paper, so Ramped as aforesaid, and as good in quality, -marked with the impression of such new type, mark, or Ramp, without demanding or taking directly or indirectly foT the fame, any sum of money or other consideration whatsoever, under - the penalty of forfeiting for every such offence-the sum-of one hundred pounds; and in case any person shall neglect or omit within the time aforesaid, to bring or cause to be brought.and-'delivered unto the said commissioners or officers as aforesaid, any such vellum,‘parchment, or paper, the fame is hereby declared to be of no other effect than if such vellum,- parchment or paper had never been Ramped \ and that all matters and things which shall be engrossed or written thereon, after fttcll time as shall be appointed by such advertisement as aforesaid, for making use of such changed or altered types, niaiks, or Ramps as aforesaid, shall be of no other effect- than as if they had been engrossed or written on vellum, parchment, or paper net marked or1 Ramped \ and all persons who shall engross or write any matter or thing chargeable with any of the duties aforesaid, on such vellum,

parchment,

The thirty-third Year of George III. 589

mrchment, ot p»per, after the said time, A:rJ! incur and fuflvr such penalty as is herein before directed to be infliclec! on perfous writing ami engroAing on vellum, parchment, or paper, not marked or damped.

XUIl. Provided always, That all vellum, parchment, and paper, wl.bh has been lumped or marked, and has paid the duties granted by any act or n<fts of parliament heretofore made, shall and may be uftd for the purposes thereby intended, without any additional (lamp, murk, or duty, except in cases where by tVs, or any other act or acts, duties greater than tlicfi: heretofore laid cm, are imposed, in all which cases, it Hull be lawful for the said cuminissioners, or any :nf them, if they shall think proper so to do, upon request cf any person ot jnifins, to order eitlicr that such vellum, parchment, and p.ijnrbc stamped, with a duty ‘denoting a higher duty, the person or persons requeuing the fame, paving the difference of price between the f.iid respective Ramps j or that vcilum, parchment, and paper, marked with (bmps denoting such duties as ‘the person or P'rfins requeiiing the fame Aral! desire, be given to such person or persons in exchange for such vellum, parchment, and paper as Audi he offer-d for cxchiuge; provided, that the amount of the duties to be marked on such vellum, parchment, and paper so to he stumped, shall not exceed the amount of the duties on the vellum, parchment, and paper so to he offered for exchange: provided also, ili.it the Ramps marked on such vellum, parchment, and paper so to be offered for exchange, be cancelled.

XLIV. And for the better distribution of the said vellum, parchment, and paper, and that your Majesty's subju'h may have the fame with convenience ami at an easy rate: be it enacted, That the lord lieutenant or oilier chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the fii>e being, shall, once in every year, at Ieaff, set the prices at which ail forts of damped vellum, parchment, and paper Audi be fold; and the said commissioners for managing the said duties upon vellum, parchment, and paper, shall (lump the prices so set upon every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, and on every piece and llieet of paper so by them to be sold; and the said commissioners shall likewise allow and pay to every person who shall bring vellum, parchment, or paper to the said head-office to be stamped in pursuance of this 31ft, the duties whereof shall amount to the sum of twenty pounds, or upwards, save vellum, parchment, and paper, to be stamped with the duty of one hundred pounds, in the said schedu’e mentioned, after the rate of three pounds Air every hundred pounds^upon prompt payment of the said duty' upon such vellum, parchment or paper so by them brought; and that any person or persons who shall buy any parchment or paper at the head-office for damping the fame, the duty whereof shall amount to the like sum of twenty pounds or upwards, save as aforesaid, shall have the fame allowance for prompt ’payment.

XliV. Provided always, That no person shall be intitled to such allowance of tl ree per cent, save printers and publishers of newspapers, and almanack makers, as to the duties payable on such papers and almanacks, by virtue of this act, unit'so an affidavit shall be sworn before one of the said commissioners, and lodged in the said office, that the vellum, parchment and paper, upon which such allowance is to be made, is intended to be vended by retail, fair and without any writing thereon, and by the person making such affidavit for his own (ole use and bc-Ji-.lit.

XLVI. And for better collecting and securing the duties hereby charged on pamphlet?, be it enacted, That one primed copy of every such pamphlet, which shall before or on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and mnetv-four, be printed or putdished within the city of Dublin, shall within fi?ace of fix d lys after the printing thereof, be brought to the said head-oilice

Vol. XV!. 7 1C for

59® The thirty-ihird Year of George III.

A.D.

for marking ot damping vellum, parchment or paper, and the title thereof with

1793* t^)C num^)fr of (beets contained therein, and the duty hereby charged thereon.

Chap. 1fh-dl be rendered or entered in a hook to be there kept for that purpose, which duty shall be thereupon paid to the proper officer or officers appointed to itceive the fame, or his or tl eir deputy or clerk, who shall thereupon forthwith give a receipt‘for the fame on such printed copy, to denote the payment of the duty hereby charged on such pamphlets; and that one printed copy of every such pamphlet that shall be printed or published in any place not being within the city of Dublin, shall, within tin* space of fourteen days after the priming thereof, he brought to some head dillrihutor or collector of the said stamp duties, who is hereby required forthwith to enter the title thereof, with the number of

fhects contained therein, and the duty thereby charged thereon, in a book to be

by him kept for that purpose, which duty shall be thereupon paid to such collector, who shall give a receipt for the fame on such printed copy.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That if any such pamphlet shall be printed or pub-Jished, and the duty hereby charged thereupon shall not be duly paid within the rufpsdkive times herein before for the several purposes hereby limited, then the printer and publishcr, atui nil other persons concerned in and about the printing and publishing of such pamphlet, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, one moiety whereof to he paid to the use of your Majesty, your heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the use of the person who Hull inform and sue for the same, by action or information in any of your M.sjsfly’s courts of record, or by civil bill in the court of proper juris* didion.

XLVIII. And be it etftded, That no printer, or other person or persons, shall publish any newspaper, or any paper serving the purpose of a newspaper, before he, she, or they shall have entered into security by bond, not exceeding three hundred pounds, nor less than two hundred pounds, to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, conditioned for the payment of the duty on adverrisements v/hich shall be printed therein, or thereupon, upon pain that every person so offending forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds, one moiety thereof to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, and the other to such person as shall inform and sue for the same, by action or information, in any of your Majesty's courts of record, or by civil bill in the court of proper jurisdiction.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That if any printer, publishcr, or proprietor of any such newspaper shall quit this kingdom, and continue absent therefrom for the space of flx months, or flu’) have become, and be found a bankrupt, or shall have become, and be found a lunatic, or r.ct.-'unpos mentis, that then and in every such case, such printers shall, to all intents and purposes, be «.onfidered as jf he or they had given due notice of having parted with and transferred his property in such newspaper or newspapers respectively; provided always, that nothing herein contained, shall be construed to extend to prevent the afltgnees of such bankrupt, or the committee or committees of such lunatic or ms/:- :mpos mrn/ij, from printing and puMifliing such newspaper, upon making the affidavit by the lav; required, that they are the printets and pubiilhers of such nev.fp.ipers respectively, in trull for such bankrupts, as assignees of, and committees of lunatics, amission carpi mentis respectively.

L. And be it enacted, That all and every materials and utensils for printing used in, kept at, or belonging to any printing-house, in which any newspaper, or any paper fervirg the puryofe of a newspaper as hfor*.fjnl, hath been, or shall be printed, into whefe h?nds feever the same shall have come, or by whatever conveyance or title the same shall be claimed, shall be in the first place liable 3ud subject to, and are hereby charged with all and every such sum and (urns

of

The thirty-third Year of George III. 591

of money as have become due, or shall become due, for the duty, by this or any A.D. former act of parliament, charged on advertisenienis, which have been, or shall 1793. be printed cr publishod in such newspaper, or other paper as aforesaid, and as shall £li;lj)' j -be due for fines or penalties adjudged agamic the proprietor or proprietors of such newspaper, under or by virtue of this atl, during such time as such mate* rids or utaifils were, cr fl all he used in, or kept at, or did or fl:a!l 1: dong to such printing-house as aforesaid; and it shall and may be lawful, in all cases, to levy such sum and sums of money upon such materials and utensils, in like manner as if th.e printer or printers of such newspaper, or other piper as aforesaid, were the teal proprietor or proprietors of such materials and utensils at the time of Living the fune.

LI. And be it enacted, That no person shall fell, or expose to fide, ary such pamphlet, or any such newspaper,or any paper serving the purpose of a uewf-paper, without the true name and surname, or names or surnames, and the place or places of abode of some known person or persons, by or for whom the fame was really and truly printed or published, being written or printed thereon, upon paiti that every person offending herein fli-II forfeit for every such offence, the sum of fifty pounds, one moiety thereof to the use of your f*Iaje:?y, your heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the use of such person as ii.r.li sue for the same, by a£lio» or information, in any of your Majesty's courts of record, or by civil bill in the court of proper jurisdiction.

LH. And be it enacted, That no officer appointed for distributing vellum, parchment, or paper, in this kingdom, shall fell or deliver any stamped paper for printing any publick newspaper, intelligence, or occurrence, to any person, unless such person shall give focurity by bond as aforesaid, for the payment of the duties for the advertisements which fl.ail be printed therein, or thereupon*

LIII. And whereas printers, publishers, and proprietors of newspapers, intelligences, or occurrences, or other papers serving the purpose of newspapers, intelligences, or occurrences, who have performed the reqeifites which by law are required to entitle them to obtain from the commissioners fer managing your Majesty's stamp duties or their oflicers, stamped paper for priming of such newspapers, or other papers as aforesaid, of which they are respectively primers, pub-lithers, or proprietors, have supplied printers or proprietors of other newspapers, with {lamped paper for the printing of such other newspapers or other paper as aforesaid, whereby the laws relating thereto have been evaded; for prevention whereof, be it enacted, That in all cases where any person or persons, who is, or are, or shall be entitled to obtain from the said commissioners, or their officers {lamped pnp:r for the printing of any newspaper or other paper aforesaid, of-which he, fiic, cr they is or shall be printer or printers, publisher or publishers, on.pri.tcr or proprietors, shall furnish or supply any other person or ersons with any such {lamped paper, every such printer, publtsher, or proprietor, shall for every such offence forfeit a sum of one hundred pounds sterling, to be recovered by atlion or information in any of youi Majesty's courts of record in this kingdom, or by civil bill in the court of proper jurisuiriion, by any person or persons who shall foe for the fame, one moiety thereof to the use of your Majesty, and the uSer moiety thereof to the use of the person suing for the fame; and if any p.ribn or persons shall make use of any damped paper for the priming of any newspaper, or other paper as afore'ad, which he, sue, or they, fl.ail receive,

0.‘ fce lurmlhcd with, by any other person or persons than the salt! commissioners, or then officers, or ciflributois, evry fiuii person shall for every such silence,

Lileit a sum of one hundred pounds, to be applied and recovered in like manner s. the !..id last mentioned forfeiture is to be applied and recovered.

7 K2

592 The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

LIV. And forasmuch as it may be uncertain how many copies of such printed 1793* newspapers, almanacks, and Dublin dirt&orics may be fold: be it enacted, 'flat Clldp. IJ. ^ie commissioners for managing the stamp duties, or any of them, or such of their officers as shall be by them appointed in that behalf, shall and may ca;:cd, or cause to be cancelled, all the stamps on such newsprper:., almanacks, .,r.d Dublin dirc&ories, which shall really and truly remain unfold in the hands ct the person or persons, by or for whom the same shall be printed or published, and upon oath, or if a quaker, upon solemn affirmation made before the said commissioners, or any of them, in such officer, to the fitisf-.uflion ol such m:« missioners, or any of them, or fuel* officer as aforesaid, that all neufjvpvrs, almanacks, and Dubl'n directories, containing the (lamps so tendered to he cancelled, are really and truly remaining unfold in the hands of the person cr prr-. Tons by or for whom the fame were printed or published, and tlut none of Inch newspapers, almanacks and Dublin directories have been fraudulently returned, or re-bought, after the same shall have been fold and disposed or, cr any profit or advantage nude thereof, (which oath or affirmation the said commissioners, or any of them, and the said officer respectively arc or ts hereby authorized to administer) and also to examine u on oath or affirmation into all the circuinilancts relating to the felling cr disposing of such newspapers, almanacks, and Dublin <!h rectories, shall cr may deliver, or cause to be delivered, the like number cf whir (beets, half II ects, or Ids pieces of paper properly stamped with the fame respective stamps, upon payment made for such paper, but ’.o duty.shall be taken for the damps thereon.

LV. Provided always, That where am* almanack shall contain more than one piece of paper, it shall be sufficient to stamp only one of the pieces of paper upon which such almanack shall be printed, and to pay the duty accordingly.

LAT. And be it enacted, That the said commissioners, or any of them, or such of their officers as IhaJI be by them appointed in th.it behalf, shall or may cancel or cause to be cancelled any stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, wriucu or engrossed, which shall be inadvertently or umlcsignedly spoiled, obliterated, or by any other means rendered unlit for the purpose intended, and which shall not have beeu executed or signed by any party cr parties, and which shall not have been used for any other purpose or in any other manner whatsoever, nor any money or other consideration paid or given to the attorney, solicitor, or other person employed to transact die business intended to have been carried into execution by such writing or engruflment, or to the writer or engrosser thereof, for the duty or duties marked, stamped, or impressed thereon, and upon oath (or if a known quaker upon solemn affirmation) made to the fntisfaction of the said com-nrissioners, or any of them, or of the f.iid officer, which oath or affirmation the said commissioners are, or any of them, and the f.iid officer is hereby authorized to nHminister, that such stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, so engrofial or written upon, or spoiled, ob iccred, or by any other means rendered unlit for the purpose. intended, hath not been executed or signed by any party or parties, or uftfd for any otherparpose, or in any other manner whatever and that no money or ether confiiienuton hath been paid or given for the duty or duties marked, stamped, or impressed thereupon, save and except the money first paid for such duty or duties to the receiver-general of the stamp duties, or other proper officer appointed to collect and receive the same, and the said commissioners are hereby required lo stamp or mark, or cause to be damped or marked, for the several persons who shall bring and deliver any quantity of stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, so written or engrossed upon, spoiled, obliterated, or by any other means rendered unlit for use or service, the like quantity of vellum, paichment, or paper, with the fever.il and respective duties stamped, marked, or iniprvili.il on 6 t the

The diriythird Year of George III. 593

the velium, parchment, or paper, so written or engrossed upon, fpolled, obit- A.D. teraeil, or by any other means rendered unfit for use or service, without de-nundin^ or taking diveftly or indirectly for the fame, any funi of money, or Qku). 1 v other confuleration vhatfoevtr; anti the said commissioners for managing the '—-——> stamp duties for the time being, or the major part of them, are hereby empowered from time to time, to make fitch rules and orders for regulating the methods, and limiting the times for such cancelling and allowance as nforeiYul, with respect to newspapcTS, almanacks, and Dublin directories, and other matin., as they ffiaM upon experience and confuicr.uion of the several circumflar.G-E, find ncceiV.iry or convenient (or effectually securing the duties thereon, and duing justice to the pevfous concerned therein.

LVII. And be it enacted, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of M uch, one thousand seven hundred ;md ninety-three, to the twenty-fifth day of Mold., one thousatul seven hundred ami ninety-four inclusive, if any person or perici.*

shall print, publish, fell, hawk, carry about, utter, or exprl'e to fide asiy almanack or calendar, or Dublin directory, or any newspaper, or any book, pamphlet, or paper, deemed or confirucd to be, or serving tiic purpose of any almanack, or Dublin dirc&ory, or newspaper, or daily account of g^ods imported and exported, except as before excepted, within the intention or meaning of this act, not being market! or stamped, as by this act is directed, every such person shall for every almanack, calendar, Dublin directory, newspaper, book, pamphlet, or paper so printed, published, fold, hawked, carried about, mured or eximfo! to file, forfeit the sum of five pounds for the first offence, ten pounds for the second oflence, and twenty pounds for the third offence, to he recovered by any pufot; who shall sue for the same in a summary way, before any justice of the peace, who is hereby authorized to hear and determine the fame, and upon due proof thereof upon oath, and upon default of payment of the said penally, to commit the offender to prison for one month, without b.tif or mainprize; which f..id penalty shall be to the foie use and benefit of the person or persons who shall, without fraud or covin, first fuc for the fame,

LVIII. And whereas many printers mid publishers c£ newspapers, ov daily accounts as aforesaid, by felling unstamped newspapers or daily accounts defraud your Majesty's revenue, and injure the fair trader: for prevention whereof, be it enacted, That every printer or publishcr cf a newspaper, or daily account of goods imported or exported, (except as before excepted) printed or published in the city of Dublin, or county of Dublin, during the continuance of this act, shall on every day of publication, or the day following, between the hours of twelve and two, on each day, cause to be delivered to the u-glfter of pamphlets, at the (lamp office in the said city of Dublin, one stamped impHlmu or copy of the said newspaper so printed or published; and every primer or pub-iilher of a newspaper, printed or published during the time aforesaid, in any other place in this kingdom, shall on the day of the publication of such ntwfpaper, or on the day following, in like manner, between the hours of twelve and two, c.»use to be delivered to the next distributor of (lamps in the county in which such uewfpaper shall be printed or published, two impressions or copies of every such newspaper so printed Or published, stamped as aforesaid, for which several copies or impressions so delivered, the respective printers or pubiirtiers theirof,

shall be paid the usual and current prices of such impressions or copies*, which, said several stamped copies-or impressions so delivered as aforesaid, lluil be, and they are hereby declared to be evidence against the several proprietors, publillurs, and printers of such newspapers respectively, in all complaints, fuiu, actions, ami prosecutions to be commenced and carried on, as well touching such new (papers respectively, as every matter and thing contained therein, and touching any ether Yol. XVI. 7 T. ner.fp.'psr,

The ih\rt\~tlhd Year of George III.

r.ewfpaf er, v.d ever/ matter and thing therein contained, winch shall be cf th-fr me litle, purport, or tffecl, with such impression or copy so delivered as aforesaid, although the fame should vary in feme inflames; and the printers, ny!,. Hlliers, and proprietors of the said llanip:d impreliions cr copies so r;

aforesaid, fnull he deemed the primcis, puhlifliers, and proprietor?, reflectively of all newspapers, which shall beef the fame title, purport, or cfiec;, with fur!1 conies or imprePdons so delivered as aforesaid, unless such printer.1:, or proprietor;, respectively, shall prove that such newspapers respectively, were not printed nr published by them respectively, or by or with their knowledge, privity, <*/ direction; and every printer, proprietor, or publisher of such nev/ip.iper or m v. spaper.:, or ihily account of goods imported and exported, except as before excepted, v.;lt» shall neglect or omit to deliver, or cause to be delivered, such copy cr impression as herein before directed, shall for every such omission pay a penalty o? one hundred pounds; and every printer, proprietor, or publishercf any umtiaiped rev.-f paper, or daily account as aforesaid, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds f.,r cvry paper f.» urllamped, which he cr flic Avail prim or publish, cr cause to he printed or published, such jvu ahics respc^ivdy tube recovered by any perfe: rr person* w):o fl.ail sue for the same, by action or information, in any of hi, Majestyhs courts of record in this kingdom, or by civil bill r.t the sessions ol ti c city or county of Dublin, or at the affixes in such county where the printer, proprietor, or pablilhcr of such undamped newspaper or nevipapers, or daily accounts as aforesaid, llnil reside r-Tpeclively, cr shall print ami publish such news. papers, or daily accounts, one moiety thereof to the u!e of your v.i.ij :ity, and t!.-: other moiety to the tile of the person filing for the same.

LIX. And be it cnatfed, That any person who shall buy or fell, or have, or keep in his, her, or their possession, any unlumped news-^p-r during the continuance of (his aft, (halt be subject and liable to the pen-dey of tea pounds sterling for every undamped uewfpaper so bought or sold, or so found in his. her, or their possession, such penalty to be recovered by civil bid, by any person who shall sue for the same; one moiety of such penally to be disposed of to the poor of the parish in which such oflence Hull be committed, and the other to the use of the informer.

LX. And whereas many printers and publishers of newspapers, strike off a fecoinl publication, containing mote advertisemcms or other matter than are contained in the cony given in at the head-office as aforesaid, or to the distri-butor, if in the country, by which means your Majesty may be defrauded of the duties hereby granted, and other mischiefs and inconveniencles arise: be it thciefore enacted, That any printer, or publisher, who shall vary any of the daily publications, cr publish the fame, without giving in a copy of such second impression, if in Dublin, to the head-office aforesaid, or if in the country, to the distributor of fbmps. {}:?.! far every such offence forfeit the fuin of cue hundred pounds fleriing to :.ny person or persons who shall sue for the same in any cotiTt of record, by r.ftion, bill, plaint, cr information, wherein no cflbign, prote'Tio:, or wager of law ffiail i.e allowed, or by civil till in the proper court.

LXI. And be it cnnSed, That every per fen who shall print or publish any advertisemeu: or advertisenients in any pamphlet, newfyaptrs, c? other literary p.r-fdrr.iance, ffiail within the spaec of thirty days after the printing or publication of such advertisement or advertisfmenta, if the fame flu:! be printed or published witiii i the «.ily of Dublin, pay cr cause to be paid the duty or duties thereon hereby charged, to the refoecUve persons appointed to receive the same, or to their respective deputies cr cicrfcj; and if printed or pub!ifl:eo in any place out of the limits of the city of Dublin, then to the next adjacent head-officer for the

Tbs thirty third Year r.f George III.

595

time being appointed fc: the collection of the f.sid stamp duties; ami the suit! commissioners. and oiTtce r?, or such of then: to whom it shall appertain, are hereby required upon payment of the duties hereby ch.'.rged on such advertisements, to pr*:a receipt or receipts for the duty or duties hereby clv.rgcu thereupon; v.nd hi default of such payment within the time herds: before for that purpofo linked, the printer or puhliflser of iv-.ry fuels atlvcrtileir.ent thrdl he liihie to p:y t your Majesty, your heir.- and fuecdlors, treble the dulie,-. hc:e:n before by this '..1 chargeable thereupon, to be recovered with full coll.*, of fulr.

LXII. And be it enacted, ihst if any printer or puMifher of any ncvvfpaper, r-other paper serving the purposes of a newspiper, fh.:!i for the (pace of foriv bvs after printing or pubUlhing such auviri.ifcim.nt or ;:dvemfcments, neglect to ] :y the duties hereby charged on ndvertisements, the Lid conmiUfior.vrs, and ti.cir osTscers/for distributing stamped vellum, paTclnnent, and paper icfpecUvely, are Lr-ny prohibited to fell, and deliver to, or for the use of any fuel: printer or I uMiiber so in arrear, any stamped paper for printing any newspaper, until such printer or publisher shall have paid and discharged all arrears of such advert ifo-r?r.t duty, to the payment or which he was subject, to and for the Lit day of the month, next preceding the month in which such payment shall be made.

LXM. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons whatsoever, shall a* sir time or limes hereafter, counterfeit or forge, or cause or procure to be counterfeited nr forged any type, matk, or damp to resemble any type, mark, cr Lm;i already kept or used, or hereafter to be kept or used at the head-office aforesaid, for denning the charging or marking on vellum, parchment or paper, wether matter directed to be stamped, any of the duties by this act chatged trereon, or shall counterfeit, mark, or iropreis, cr cause or procure to be counterfeited, marked, or imprefieu cn any veJIum, parchment, or paper, any mark cr cetice to resemble any mark or device used or kept at the head-office aforesaid, ib: denoting the charging or marking on vellum, parchment, or paper, or other itr.tter or thing directed to be damped, any of the duties by this act charged thereon, thereby -to defraud your Majesty, your heirs or successors, of any of tre duties hereby granted j or shall utter, vend, or fell, or cause to be vended, or ibid, any vellum, parchment, or paper, with any counterfeit device, mark, or im-jiretiion thereupon, to resemble any mark cr device used or kept at the head-office ifcrcfiiid, for the purposes aforesaid, knowing such device, mark, or impression to b-: counterfeited; then, every such pcjfon so offending, and being thereof duly C"snidled, shall be adjudged a felonrand shall fuller death as in cases of felony, Mikca: benefit of clergy.

LMV. And be it enacted, That from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thou-"iaj :-*.cn hundred and ninety-three, to the twenty-fifth day of Match, one thou->’-r.d i;ven hundred and ninety-four induiive, no person or persons shall pub-ikkiy cr privately insure or open, or keep any office for infunng houses, furni-ure, goods, wares, merchandizes, or other property, from loss by fire in this klrgrlom, wiihcut first taking out a license for that purpose from the said com--fiborer: for managing the stamp duties, in manner herein after mentioned.

IAV. And be it enacted, That from and immediately after the passing ol this 'I:, the said commissioners for the time being, or the major part of them, shall -ar-tr their hands and seals, grant a license for infunng houses, furniture, goods,

nvs, merchandizes, or other property, from loss by fire, to all and every body *'i bo lies politic or corporate, or other person or persons applying for the fame;

iitii fiernfe lhr.il set forth the name or names and other description of the body t*bodies politic or corporate, or person or persons taking-out the fame, and also '-in principal house or other place where such business cf Snfuring houses, furni-w, goedt, wires, and mcichandizes, or other property from Into by fire, shall, 7 I. a ' ' it

A.D. 1793. Chap. K.

59^ The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D. at the time of taking oat such license, be principally carried on by the body 1703. or bodies politic or corporate, or ether person or persons taking out the

Chap. IJ. fame*

LSVI. And be it enacted, That all and every person and persons, and body ' and bodies politic or corporate, who are or which during the time aforesaid, thali insure or set up, or keep any office for insuring houses, furniture, goods, wares, merchandizes, or other property from Iofs by fire, without the authority of such license as aforesaid, or in any other house or place, except the house or place to be sained in the license under which such body or bodies politic or corporate, or ether person or persons shall act 5 or such other house or houses, place or places, as shall be subordinate to the house or place to be named in such license, and be kept by some persons cr persons employed as agent or agents to any such body or bodies politic cr corporate, or other person or persons having such license as aforesaid, or in any other manner contrary to such license, or to the intent and meaning of this act, shall forfeit for every day on which such offence shall be committed, the sum of fifty pounds, and also double the amount of the premiums of insurance which such body or bodies politic or corporate, or other person shall receive on any such day.

LXVII. And be it enacted, That all and every person and persons, and bo.lv and bodies politic cr corporate, to whom any such license as aforesaid Hull It granted, shall ac die time of receiving such license, give security, with1 fufneieut sureties, to be approved of by the major part of the said commissioners, by bond to kis Majesty, his heirs and successors, in such sums as the said commissioner^ may think reasonable, so as the fame do not exceed the probable amount of the duty payable by such body or bodies politic cr corporate, or person or persons respectyely for half a year, with condition that if such person or persons, or body or bodies politic or corporate, shall faithfully make out, lign, and deliver au account of all money received for such duties upon insurances, and well ami truly make payment of all such sums of money as shall be due and payable thereon to your Majesty, in pursuance of, and according to the true intent and mean* ing of -this act, and also truly and faithfully observe and perform all the directions, matters and things herein contained on his, her, or their behalf to be obferred and performed, such bond shall be void, but otherwise to remain in full force.

LXVIII. And be it enacted, That every license to be taken under this act, fall have force only from the day of granting the fame, until the twenty-fifth day or March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-foiir inclusive, and no longer; bet if a license shall be granted to two or more.persons, and any or either of them shall die before the said twenty-fifth day of March, it shall continue in force during the time aforesaid, for the benefit of the survivor or survivors of the persons licensed.

LXIX. And be it enacted, That where such business cf insuring is carried on by companies, confiding of a greater number of partners than four, the license, so to be granted by the said commissioners in manner aforesaid, shall be granted to such two or more of any such company or partners, as and for die whole company or partnership as shall be named to the said commissioners, under authority from such company or partnership, and in every such case, the license flail continue in full force until such time as aforesaid, from the day of granting ti« fame, notwithstanding the deaths of the persons to whom such license shall be granted, for the benefit of such company or partnership.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That all and every person and persons, and body and bodies politic cr corporate, 10 to be licensed as aforesaid, who from / and after the twenty-fifth day of March, or.e thousand seven hundred anc ninety.

6 thee,

The thirty-third Year of George III. 597

three, shall grant any policy of infdiance for insuring property from loss by fire, A.D.

or shall continue to insure on any policy, shall by themselves or such ether person j yg

or persons as are, is, or shall be employed by, or under them, previously to the Chap. I

granting or continuing such policy of insurance, demand, and receive for the —-o

use of your Majesty, your heirs and successors, of and from the person or persons, whose property shall be so insured, ti c sum of one shilling for every sum

of one hundred pounds for which such policy shall be so made or continued, and

so ill proportion for any left sum, and shall give a receipt for the duty so paid,

as and for one year’s duty on such infunmcc, from the day of the date of the

policy thereof, and in default of receiving such year’s cuty in manner aforesaid,

such person or persons, or body or bodies politic and corporate, so granting such

policy, shall be accountable to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, for the said year’s duty, as if the fame had been actually received.

LXXI. And for the more effectual prevention of frauds to evade the duty 011 insurance against loss by fire: be it enacted, That if any person or persons shall act as agent or agents, for any person or person's, bodies politic or corporate, in publicity or- privately insuring or receiving subscriptions for insuring, or delivering out policies or receipts for insurance against loss by fire, except for such person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, as shall be duly Ucensed as aforesaid, every such person shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds; and if any person or persons, whose house or houses, furniture, goods, wares, merchandizes, or other property, situate or being in this kingdom, shall be at any time between the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninsty-four, indtifive, insured from loss by lire, by any persons or pirfens, or bodies politic or corporate, not resident in this kingdom, shall omit, or neghft to pay the said commissioners the like duty after the rate of one shilling fer every one hundred pounds, as if such insurance were made by any pufon or

persons licensed pursuant to this act, every such person shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds for every such cmission or r.egleft, the said penalties Tcfpiftively to be recovered by any person who shall sue for the same by bill, action, cr information, in which no essoign, protection, or wager of law shall be allowed, cr by civil bill in the court of proper jurisdiction.

LXXII. And be it enacted, That every person or ersons, who shall at any time between the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and the twenty-fifth day of March* one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four inclusive, entitle himself cr herself, or themselves, to the benefit of any such insurance, shall forthwith, on his, her, or their becoming so entitled, pay, or cause to be paid to the infurer or insurers, the duties aforesaid, ami such infurer or insurers shall, on every such payment, give a printed or written receipt for such duties to the person or persons paying the fame; tuid in case of any default of payment of such duty within the time, or in manner aforesaid, and before any loss shall be sustained, the policy of insurance, in respect of which such duty shall accrue, shall, so far as regards the insured, bo void to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

LXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case of taking out a new policy of insurance before the expiration of an old policy, for the fake of insuring a greater or different sum, the fame proportionable abatement which the infurer or insurers shall make in respect to the premium of Insurance, shall be made of the duty which under this act shall accrue on the newpolicy.

IAXIV. And be it enacted, That all and every body and bodies politic and Corporate, or other person or persons who under this act shall obtain a iiccnfe for any office of insurance against loft by fire, shall, from time to time, keep a true Vol. XVI. " 7 M ‘ and

598 The thirty-third Year of George III.

a. b. 1793. Chap. 15. and faithful account in writing, in which shall be inserted the number of the policy or instrument of insurance, which from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, shall he ifiited or granted, or continued by such body or bodies politic or corporate, or person or persons, the name or names of the person or persons insuring, with the place or places of his, her, or their abode, the sum insured, and the time for which the fame Hull be'so insured, and also the day of the month and the date of the year in which such policy shall be issued; which account shall at all times be open fer the inspection of any pdson or persons duly authorized under the hands and feaJs of the said commissioners for the stamp duties, or the major pait of them, to ir.-fpc£fc the same.

LXXV. And be it enacted, That all and every the body and bodies politic and corporate, and other person or persons who shall have any license under this act, for any insurance office, shall, from time to time, within the space of two months after the twenty-fourth day of June, twenty-ninth day of September, and twetity-flfth day of December, one tinufind seven hundred and ninety-three, and the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, or at such other times after the expiration of the said two month?, as may be appointed by the major part of the said coir.missioners of the stamp duties, giving a previous publick notice of fourteen days or more, by advertisement in the Dublin Gazette, deliver, or cause to be delivered to the said commissioners, cr to the person or persons appointed by them to receive the same at the head office of the said commissioners, true copies of the accounts hereinbefore directed to be kept by such licensed insurance office or offices, body or bodies politic or corporate, or such other licensed person or persons, for the quarter width fl-.ali have been completed before such day of delivery or notice, as the case shall be, and ;.t the same time shall pay all such sum and sums as shall appear to be due on such sc. counts to die receiver-general for the time being, for receiving the said duties fer the use of your Majesty, your heirs and successors, at the said head-oflice, upon pain of forfeiting for every such default in not delivering the true copies of such accounts, the sum of five hundred pounds; ami for every default in payment of the money due on such accounts, double the amount of the said monies due cn the said account at the time of such default. LXXVf. And whereas it is and hath been the custom for public notaries to note bills of exchange for r.on-payment or non-acceptance, and not protest the fame in proper form of law, by which the payment of the duties upon such noting or notattal acts has been, and may be evaded: for remedy whereof, be it enacted, That every public notary shall or.ee in every tuo months, during the time aforesaid, deliver to the said commissioners cf starn.p duties, cr feme person authorized by them, at the head office to receive the same, a faithful and true account in writing, and upon oath, of such bills of exchange as aforesaid, whfih shall have been noted by such public notary, and shall at the same time pay unto the receiver general of the ftrmp duties the sum of two drillings and six pence fer every such bill of exchange which shall be so noted by them, over and above the duty payable to his Majesty upon protefling the fame bill or bills, in case the ewiur or owners, holder cr holdeis thereof (bail at any time thereafter think proper to protest the same.

LXXVII. And in case any public notary shall neglect to account as aforesaid, cr to pay the duties aforesaid, every such public notary shall for every such neglect or default in delivering a true acccunt cf such noting, forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds; and fer every default cf payment of the money due on such account, double the amount of the monies due on such account at the time ct such default^ - LXXVlih

The thirty-third Year of George III. 599

LXXVIII. And be it enacted, That the said receiver general of the stamp duties A.D.

Et the head-office, or other person or persons duly appointed by the major part I79'5-

of the said commissioners to receive the duties upon insurances ngainll lof: by Chap. 15. lire, by this act imposed, shall make an allowance to all and every person and persons, body ami bodies politic or corporate, so to be licensed as aforesaid, re* f^clively, for their own use and trouble in receiving the said duties, and making cot such accounts as herein directed, after the rate of one stuffing in the pound out of the monies by them accounted for and paid to such receiver general, or such other person or persons aforesaid, according to the directions herein contained.

LXXIX. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for your Majesty, your heirs and successors, and to and for the lord lieutenant, or other thief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, out of the pro. fiice of the duties hereby granted, to cause such sum and (unis of money to be expended and paid, from time to time, for fabrics and other incident charges,

25 shall be necessary in and for the receiving, collecting, levying, or managing of the said duties, any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXX. And be it enacted, That all and every the officer and officers who flrr.il I*.* concerned in the levying, collecting, and receiving the duties arising by this act, shall keep fvparate and distinct accounts thereof, and that the several persons employed to collect and levy the said duties in the city or county of Dublin, shall piy the fame in specie into your Majesty's treasury, on the first Monday in every month, unless it be a holiday, and then on the next day which shall not be a holiday, and the several persons employed to levy and cclleft the f-.id duties in ether pans in this kingdom, shall pay the same in like manner, and at the like times, to the several collectors of the inland excise of the respective did rifts in which the same shall be received and collected j and such collectors of inland excise ate hereby authorized and required to receive and give receipts for the ftiuc without fee or reward, and to keep didinft accounts thereof; and every (lamp officer shall in six days after his making any payment into your Maji fly’s treasury, or to any of the said collectors, give notice of the amount of such payments ro the commissioners for managing the stamp duties; and if such oncers, or any of them, shall'neglect or omit, to pay the duties so by him levied a:ul collected at the time, or in manner aforesaid, or shall detain any part of the monies by them collected and received, then and for such offence lie or they.,shall be difinidud from his or their employment, and be rendered incapable to serve your Majesty, your heirs or successors, and charged with interest for the monies so detained in his and their hands, after the rate of twelve pounds per centum per annum, the same to bs recovered by action, suit, information, or by any other of the means whereby debts may be recovered by your Majesty, your heirs and successors, from publick accountants or debtors.

hXXXI. And be it enacted, That there shall he kept in your Majesty's treasury, one book in which all monies that shall be paid into the treasury by virtue of this act shall be entered apart and distinct from all other monies paid or payable to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, upon any account v.dntfoevor.

LXXXII. And be it enacted, That the comptroller of the duties hereby granted,

Hull certify once in every week to the accountant general, the amount «f the duties paid by the distributors or other officers of the lump duties, to die several collectors of the inland excise; and that every such distribmor shall hkowX: certify to the accountant general once in every month, the full amount of the sums paid by him on account of the said duties, to any collector or collectors of in-ltnlexcifc, specifying the name of such collector, and the respective times of payment, and the balance remaining in Ids hands; and if such comptroller, or liiffributor shall neg’cft to certify in manner aforesaid, lie fl:ai! forfeit the sum 01 twenty pounds.

7 r.i 2

TXXXIII.

6c o The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D. 1179.3-Chap. ! S-

LXXXIII. And be it enacted, That all such collectors cf inland excise, as to all such stamp duties so by them received, be subject and li.tble to the fame mode of account, and the fame regulations as they ere, and shall be subject to, in respect of any other duties by them collected.

LXXXIV. And be it enacted, That none of the duties granted by this act, shall be received or collected by, or paid :o the said commissioners for managing stamp duties, and that the several* persons who have been, or shall be respectively employed in receiving, collecting, or paying the several duties by this act, cr any of the said former acts granted, shall, when called upon for that purpose, exhibit their respective accounts of such duties to the commifiicr.ers for taking imyrtft accounts for the time being, or the major part of them, who shall and are hereby respectively authorized and required from time to time to examine upon oath the persons who shall be employed in railing, receiving, or colltfting the said duties as to their accounts, and ns to the sum or films of money which was, cr were by them, or any of them respectively raised, collected, or received within the time of such their accounts, and likewise what part thereof was by them or any of tl cm paid into the receipt of your Majesty's exchequer, or to the collecters of the inland excise as aforesaid j and in accounting before the said commissiorerF, or the major part of them, they are to produce proper vouchers for any sum or futr.s of money so by them raised, received and paid; and the said commilhoikis cl imprest accounts, or the major part of them, are hereby authorized and required finally to adjust and settle such accounts, and give discharges to the said several accountants.

LXXXV. And be it enacted, That when the accounts of the money received fir the said several duties fiiail have been so audited, the fame iltall be ligned by the said commissioners of imprelt accounts, or the major part of them, and shall be at ail times to the officers therein concerned, a full and fiiflictciu warrant and uif-charge to all intents and purposes. LXXXVJ. And be it enacted, That all penalties and forfeitures hr.pofad by this act, unless otherwise directed, may be recovered by any person who shall fua ic: the fame by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information-in any of your Majesty's courts of record at Dublin, in which no clfoign, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed; one moiety thereof to the use of your Majesty, and the other moiety to the use of the person suing for tie fame.

LXXXVII. And be it enacted, That a separate and diilinft account of all monies arising by the duties mentioned in the schedule on licenses to keep lottery cilice?, Hull be kept by the several proper officers, and the fame or a sufficiem pa: thereof Hull be paid and applied to defray the charges and expences of managing and drawing any lottery or lotteries in this kingdom, in such manner as the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being iluil direct, and that the refill tic, if any, shall be applied towards defraying the expences of your Majesty's government. LXXXViH. And be it enacted, That neither the six pence per pound, nor ary other fee shall be payable to, or be deducted, or received by the vice treafyrer or vice treasurers, receiver or pny-master general, clerk of the pells, or ar.y oil vr officer or officers of this kingdom for their life, for or on account of the il:uin,j or payment of any sum or sums of money arising by, or which shall be received for or on account of the aids by this act granted, cr cf -any payment to be nvk in pursuance of th:3 aft, but that the same shall be received and duly accounted for to your Majesty, your heirs and facccfljrs.

LXXXIX. And be it enacted, That the schedule hereunto annexed, shall k deemed and taken to be a part of this act, to all intents and purposes. A SCHEfKUr

Tbs thirty-ti. ird Year of George III.

1793.

A SCHEDULE of the several Duties to be paid on (.hap. 15. every Skin or Piece of Vellum, or Parchment, or Piece or Sheet of Paper, on which shall be engrafted or written, or printed, any of the Articles, or Things therein set forth.

FOR every ft in cr piece of vellum, or parchment, ot piece or fliect of paper, on which shall be engrossed, written, or printed, the following articles, the duties following shall be respectively paid

Du

c-

xoo

TltS.

U //

c 0

ARTICLES.

Any license to keep a lottery office

Anv tiifpenfarion to hold two ecclesiastical dignities or bcncficcs, or both a dignity and a benefice, or any other dispensiition or faculty from the lord archbishop of Armagh, or mailer of the faculties for

:!.etime being ——

Any grant cr letters patent under the great seal of Ireland, of any honour, dignity, promotion, franchise, liberty or privilege to any person or ersons, bodies politick or corporate, or exemplification of the fame, commissions of rebellion in process always ex-

Any grant from his Majesty, his. heirs or successors, of any sum of money, exceeding two hundred pounds, which flmll pass the great fca! of Ireland -

Any grant of any office -or employment which shall be above the value

of two hundred pounds per annum *---

Any admission of any fellow of the college of physicians,- cr of si:y clerk, advocate, pretfor, notary, or ether officer or officers in any court whatsoever, except such officer be an annual officer in any corporation or inferior court, whose office is under the value of ten pounds a year in f.ilary, fees, or other perquisites, or . any appeal from the court of admiralty, or the prerogative court, or

any archiepiscopal court -

Any admilTion of a:\v fiudent into the society of KingVInns

Any adr.ilfion of any harrifier into the Inns of Court -

Any parden (except the pardons puffed in forma pauperis) of or for any crime or offence, nr of any money or forfeiture whatsoever, or of cny wan ant or reprieve, relaxation from any fines, corporal punish-jr.ent, or other forfeiture — — 400

Any grant from his Majesty, his heirs cr successors of any sum of money not exceeding two hundred pound*, nor less than one hundred pounds, which shall pass the great sea! of Ireland — 400

Any grant of any office or employment which shall be above the value , of fifty po inds per annum and under the value of two hundred

pounds per an:turn — 400.

o o

C G

G c-

7 N

Any

6c£ v The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D. 1793.

ARTICLES.

u*"-y 'W Sr‘lnt l*>iuls in fee, lease for years, or other grant or profit not herein particularly-charged, that shall pass the great seal of the exchequer (cuJlotUani leases excepted) -

"iiiy prefemation or donation which shall pass the great seal of Ireland, or upon which any-collation to be made byanyarchbishop or bishop, of any presentation or donation to be made by any patron whatfe-ver, of nr to any benefice* dignity* orlpifiruai or'ecclesiastical promotion whatsoever, of the value of one hundred pounds a year 'And if'of the value oFtwo"hundred pounds a year, or upwards, the value-'to be ascertained by certificate of the archbishop or vicar-general of the diocese; provided always, That two or more benefices rpifcopally united, be deemed and taken to be one benefice only -

ffpon each part of indentures for binding an apprentice to an attorney

And a further duty for the fame ——

Upmveach part. f indentures for binding an apprentice to a notary public Any admission of an attorney into every court into which he-shall be

admitted an attorney ——

Kvrry admission of a folidtor into the court of chancery "Any commission that’ shall be issued from any court whatsoever for taking affidavits -

‘ Any exemplification of- what nature soever; that shall pass the seal of any court whatsoever -

Any institution that shall pals the‘seal of any archhHhop,bishop, chancellor, or other ordinary or eccitfuilicalcourt whatsoever; provided, that an iridituaon to two or more benefices cpifcopally united* shall be confulered-as an mftitution to afingle benefice —

Any conveyance, fuvrender of grants or offices, release or other deed wlmsoever, which shall be enrolled of record in any of the courts of the city of Dublin, or in any court of record whatsoever Any exemplification of a decree of the court of chancery under the great seal —.

Any sentence that shall be given in the court of admiralty, or any attachment that shall be made out of the said court of admiralty, or any rebxation'of any such attachment -

Any writ of covenant for levying a fine -

' Any writ of entry for fullering a common recovery ——

Any commission tflued out- of any ecclesiastical court not herein before

particularly charged ——

Any warrant, monition, or personal decree in the court of admiralty, except in futts for payment of Teamen’s wages

Any probate of a will, or letters of administration for any estate above the value of thirty pounds, and not of the value of one hundred pounds ——

If of the value of one hundred pounds, and not of the value of three hundred pounds -

!f of the value of three hundred pounds, and not of the value of

six hundred..pounds «—

Dotic?.

-£ '.-A

3 o o 3-o o

6 o ‘p

2 0 C.

7 0 0

3 0 0

300 3 0

100

o 15 0

0 15 0

076

076

076

o 10 0

O JO 0

o 7 6 07 6

050 o 10 o

If

3 0 0

The thirty-third Year of - George III.

article s.

If of the value of fix -hundred pounds, and not of the value of one thousand pounds ——

If of the value of one thousand pounds, and upwards -

Any writ of error, cfrlkrariy or appeal, except to the delegates Any receipt or other discharge for any legacy left by any will ov other tellamentary instrument, or for any share or part of a peffonal estate, divided by force of the futute of distxibuv.ons, the amount whereof strall not exceed twenty pounds, except iuoh legacies as shall he left to the wife, children, or grand children, of the person making such will or testamentary ir.strument, or shall be divided amongst

them by force of the said statute ——

Where the amount thereof shall be of the value of twenty pounds, and not amounting to one hundred pounds, except as aforesaid Where the amount thereof shall be of the value of one hundred pounds and upwards, except as aforesaid ——

Any recognizance conditioned for the payment of money, or performance of covenants, or agreements, statute staple, or statute merchant, or entered of record in any court or office, except such recognizances as shall be entered into by persons applying for licenses to fell by retail, beer, ale, wine, strong waters, or other liquors, which recognizances (hall'be considered as bonds, and shall pay accordingly ——

Any record of titftprws, or po/leat -

Every judgment whatsoever, which shall be figr.ed by the matter of any office, or his deputy, or secondary, or by any prothonotary, or his secondary, deputy or clerk, or any other officer belonging to any of the courts of the city of Dublin, who have power, or usually do or shall sign judgments -

And a further duty of six pence, for every one hundred pounds, for which such judgment shall be signed, exceeding the sum of one hundred pounds -

Any custodiuni under the seal of the exchequer, grounded on an outlawry in any civil aOion «— -

Any marriage Hcenfe -

Any bill, answer, replication, rejoinder, interrogatories, depositions taken by commissioners, or any pleadings whatsoever in the courts of chancery or exchequer, save and except exceptions to answers filed in the said courts -

Any indenture, leaf*, or deed-poll not otherwise charged, except indentures of appremiccship, where no apprentice fee shall be given, or if any be given, such apprentice fee shall not exceed the sum of ten pounds, and also -except indentures for binding poor parish, or other children supported by publick or private charities, and also except indentures binding apprentices to attornies, or publick notaries Any charier party, policy of insurance, palTport, or any protest, procuration, letter of attorney, except warrants of attorney for judgments on bonds, or any other notarial act whatsoever -

Any admission into any corporation or company-----

5 7 N % Any

6a

Duti £ us. d.

1 10 0

2 0 a

0 5 0

A.D.

f 795-Chap. i

026

050

100

050

05a

050

050

026

o 2 C

02 6

026 0 2 a

tk>4 7/k (hirtj-llird Year of George III.

A.D. 1793.

Chap. ij'.

ARTICLE S.

Any decree or dismissfon made by or in the courts of chancery or ex-

Any writ of habeas corpus -

Anw special bail to be taken in any of the courts in the ciry of Dublin, or before any of the judges of the said courts, or in any court

Any common bail to be filed in any court whatsoever, and any appearance that fhrd) be made on such bail —

Any affidavit, except furh affidavits as shall be taken before the r/fiem of his Majesty's citstoms or cxCife, or any HsCiice or just/ces of the ’peace,' or before a ningiilrnte of any corporation acting as a justicd of the peace, or aching in any court of confidence, or of summary " jinifiUciion, or before any judge of a/size, or commission of oyer and terminer relative to profdcutions dr trials on indictments, or to ' civil bills, or that shall be made for the purpose of railing or accounting for the public money, am! except affidavits made relative to the hempen aiW linen manufactures, or to the payment of corn premiums, or made before the trustees of any turnpike, relative to the roads or toils of such turnpikes, or affidavits made before the

Dublin society ——

Any copy of ‘ such affidavit which shall be read in any. court what-

Any original writ (except such original upon which a writ of capias iffttes) fubptena, writ of capias quominus} writ of dedimus potcjiateniy to take answers, examine witnesses, or appoint guardians, or any other writ whatsoever, or any other process or mandate that shall ifine out of orquifs the seal of any of the courts of the c/ty of , Dublin, orany'other court whatsoever, holding.pJen, vdiere the debt or damage doth amount to forty shillings or above, or the thing in

demand is of that value -

Any entry of any action in the mayot’s, or fncri/Fs courts of the ciry of Dublin, and in courts in all corporations, and in other courts whatsoever, out of which no writs, process, or mandate issue, holding pkn, where the debt or damage doth amount to forty shillings or above ——

Anv tele or order, except in causes prosecuted upon imli&ments, or which relate to presentments made or given in any of the courts at the city of Dublin, cither courts of law or equity which shall

Ary copy of such rules or orders, except in causes prosecuted unon indictments, or which relate to presentments entered, or the copies of any other record or proceedings in any of the said courts of the

f,dd city of Dublin, not hereby otherwise charged -

Any citation or monition made in the prerogative court, or in any ecclesiauical court, or any libel or allegation, deposition, answer, fen-t cr.ce or decree, or any inventory exhibited in the prerogative court, or In any ecclesiastical'court, or the court of admiralty, or whereupon any copies of them respectively shall be engro/fed or written, except in suits for recovery of fennten’s wages -

Any

Doth <.

/. s.

o J (i

o|0

0 t9

0 1 c

C I O

o o I

0 I c

o I ,0

0 I A

b i o

o i. ro

0 f9

a

O96

- 0 ©. 1

Tie thirty third UTea? of George III.

articles.

Ary warrant of attorney, for entering judgment on any bond Any releufc, contrast, bond, ot other obligatory instrument Any rr.erporiaj of apy deed, conveyance, will, or devjfe, which shall be registered in the publick office for registering fcch memorials above all duties payable thereon -

Each and every exception or exceptions to any answer filed in any court of equity in this kingdom ——

And a further duty for the fame, after the rate of one shilling for every ninety words which each and every exception ffialj Contain, over, and above the first ninety words -

And a further.dutyupon each and every fuel) exception, over and above

the 6rA ten exceptions —.

And a iurrher dutyuponithefame, after the $at£ of two shillings. and fiap pence for every ninety words which each and every fuph exertion shall contain, over and above the first ninety: words.

Any declaration, plea, replication, rejoinder, dejnun&r, or other pleadings whatsoever, in any court of Ja.w ~-

Any copy of any wall attested by the proper officer of the prerogative court, or any ecclesiastical coqrt —

Any copy of any declaration, plea, replication, rejoinder, demurrer, or other pleadings whatsoever, in <any court of law —- at o 2

Any deposittocs.taken in the court of chancery, or court of exchequer, except the paper drafts of such depbfitians taken by viuue of any commission before they are engrossed, which are not herein before charged - o o It

Any copy of any dull, answer, plea, demurrer, replication, rejoinder, interrogatories, depositions, or other proceedings whatsoever, ta.% ken in the court of chancery, or court af exchequer, or in any court of equity - o p

Every almanack, or calendar for any one particular year, or far any time less. thaa a year, which shall be printed on one side only of any ouefheet or piece of paper only, and which shall not be afterwards

-bound or.separateddnio.leaves -----; -

Every other -aljnaiuck or calendar far any particular year —

Every almanack or calendar made to serve far ievend. years, the ro-spective.rate&of.

’ And for every fitch.year, as aforesaid —.

Every Dublin direAcry ".

Every paper-containing public news, intelligence, or occurrence Aay«ftnm)ent entitling -any person or persons exporting any goods, wares-or merchandizes, to any drawback or-.bounty on exporting

Any lieenfefor,retailing wine, beer, ale, spirite, or cider, or tea and groceries, or any licettfe to manufacture or deal in.tobacco, nr.for manufacturingcaitdies or.soap fur fate, or for felling or manufacturing paper hangings, or for: felling or making gold or filvjer plate for Talc, or:for feUing: lwmetmarde Spirits as afa&or, or by whole-fab, or forkecpiqg:a,coff«4ioufe.

70

CHAP.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

CHAP. XVI.

An /& frfnniji irg Mutiny and Desertion, and for the hitler Payment of the Army rind their ' Starters within this Kingdom.

Eipiied, TsTT'IIEREAS the raising or keeping a (landing army within this kingdom,

in time of peace, unless it be with the ennfent of parliament, is against lew: and whereas it- is judged liecessary by his Majesty, mid this present Parliament, that .1 body offorces should be continued for the safety of this kingdom, a:d - the defence of the pofftfficns of his Majesty's crown; and that the whole number of such forces should con ft It of twenty thousand two hundred and iliiity-tv.-o men; whereof twelve thousand men, commissior.ed and non-commissioned officers included, shall be kept-within this kingdom,-for the necdlary defcncs of k the fame at all times, except-in cases of invasion or rebellion in Great Britain; and ’five1 thousand men, commissioned and iion-commissioned ciiicers included, for the dcf;nce of the country in the present fituotion of affairs: and whereas no man can he forejudged of life-or limb, or subjected in time of peace to any kind of ptinilhnient v.ithin this- realm by martial lav/, or in any other . manner than by the judgment of-Ills peers, and according to the known and iffablished law of this realm.; yet ncYcrtheless, it being requisite for the retaining all the before mentioned forces in their duty, that an-esact diicipline be obffrved, and that soldiers who shall mutiny or stir up {edition, or snail dtffert ids Majesty's service, Le brought -to a more ^simylary- and speedy punishment than the ufti.il forms of the law will allow: be it therefore- enabled by the King’s most excellent Ruiefly, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and l y the authority of the same, ’Unit if ary petfen Uing nutflaed, or in pay-as nil officer, or who is cr Audi be cidiffed or in pay as*a>fol(Her, shall-at any time during the continuance tf this act, begin, excite, cause, or join in any mutiny or fedirion in the regiment, trcop, or company to which he doth belong, or in any- other regiment, troop, -or onr.p.my, either of Jus M.ijsrfty Viand or- marine forces in his MsjsftyVservice, or flnll not use his -utmost endeavours to suppress the ume, or coming to the knowledge of any mutiny, or intended mutiny,-shallnctj without delay, give jnfonra. tion- thereof to-his commanding officer; or-shall miibeliavc himself-before the enemy, or shall fliamcfully abandon or deliver up any garfifon, fertrefs, pod ir ggard committed to his <h»gc, or which he shall be commanded to defend, cr shall compel the governor or commanding officer of any garrison, fortreTs, cr pod, to deliver up to the enemy, or to abandon the fame, or shall speak words, or use any other means- to induce such governor or commanding officer cr others, tc niiffichavc before the enemy,-or fli;unefiilly to abandon or deliver up any garrison, fortress, pofh'cr guard coiumirteVto their respe£H\e charge,-or which he or they shall be commanded to defend, or shall leave his port, before relieved, rr shall be found keeping on his poll, or dull hold torrespondence with, or give advice cr intelligence to any rebel, cr enemy of I ts Majesty, either by letters, nuf-sages, flgns, -cr tokens, in any manner tr way wiuilfoeur, or fftall treat cr enter into any terms with such rebel, cf-enemy, without his Majesty's ILenfe, or licecfe of the general, or chief commander, cr shall. ftiike, or use any violence against his superior officer, being in the execution of his office, or Hull disobey any lawful command ef i\k erlor officer, or Audi desert his l&sjrfly's ffinice; ail and

cury

Co6

a. n.

1793.

The thirty-third Year of George III. 607

every person or ersons so finding in any of the matters before mentioned, fit: '! A.D. fcifer <!rath, or such other pimill.ment as by a court martial shall be awarded. j ' 1L Provided, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That any non-commiflicned Qiap , g rlr-cer or toldier, er.lifted or in pay in any regiment. !Toop, or company, who shall, without having first obtained a regular discharge therefrom, enlist himself in any other regiment, trocp, or company, shall be deemed to have defeated his Majesty's P r\ ice, and shall in like manner fufler death., or such other pumil.ment as by a court martial shall be awarded.

III. And whereas doubts have arisen whether fohliers who of right bclorg to another corps in which they first' enlisted, and from which they have not obtained a discharge, may be proceeded against and tried for deferring any corps in which they may afterwards have enlisted, or for any crime committed by them wliilil serving therein: b? it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That if any person who is or shall be enlisted or in pay as a' soldier, in any regiment, troop, cr company in his Majesty's service, shall desert the fame, or shall, wlrilft Caving therein, commit ahy offence against this act, or against rite rules or articles of war, such person shall be liable to be tried by a court martial, and punished in like manner as if he had originally enlisted in, and of right belonged to the fume, r.otwithftiinding it shall have been discovered or known that he had previously belonged to fotr.e other regiment, troop, or company, and not been difehurged therefrom.

IV. Provided always, That if such person shall he claimed by such other regiment, troop, or company, and be proceeded against as a deserter therefrom, his subsequent desertion from any one or more corps in which lie may hrve unwarrantably enlisted,-may, unless he shall already have been tried for the fame, be given in evidence ds an aggravation of his crime", previous notice being always given to such deserter, of the fast or facts intended to be produced in evidence upon Ins trial.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That his Majesty may

from rime to rime by his royal commission, empower the lord lieutenant of this kingdom, or other chief governor or governors of the fame for the time being, ro appoint general courts martial, from time to time, as well as to direct his or their warrant to any general officer having the chief command of abodyoffoices within this kingdom, authorizing him to convene general courts martial, ns occasion may require, for the trial of offences committed by ar.y of the forces under his command; all which general courts martial shall be conflitiited, and shall repulate their proceedings according to the several provisions herein after fpc-eified. 1

VI. And be it further cr.acted, Tint it shall and may be lawful to" and for such courts martial by, their fetstence or judgment, to inflict corporal punishment, not extending to life or limb, on any foJ'didr for immoralities, misbehvaiour, or neglect of duty,

VII. And his hereby further enr.sted and declared, That r.o general court martial which shall be held under the authority of this act, shall consist of a h.fs number than thirteen commissioned'officers, 'km! the president of such general court manial shall not be the commander in chief nor gosernor of the patrifen where the ctTcm’cr shall be tried, nor under the degree of a field e-flicer, unless where a field tfiber cannot be hid, nor in ?.nv case whatsoever under the degree of a captain; and that all general courts martial Hir.ll have power and authority, and are hereby required to administer an oath to every witni.fi;, in order to the CJiami-narion or trial-of any of the offerees that fLi.ll come before t! cm.

VIII. Provided always, That in all trials by general courts iv.rrti:!, to be he’d by virtu.* of this act, every member afliftirg al such trial, before ar.y proceedings 7 O 2 be

6o8 The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

be bad ^hereupon, shall take; the following oaths upoa the holy: Evacytlifls, before the jjicjge advocate, or his deptitjr, (ti-ho are hereby, authorized to adnunifter the fame,) that is to say, " you shall w.ell and truly try and determine aca>rding to <* your, evidence in the matter no.w,before you"

So, help you God.

1 A.B. do sweari Thgt Iivill-duly adtniti]fc.r juface, according to the ru/ts. and articles for the better government of his. Mnjejlj>forces, and according to an uB, if par-difytnent, mw in farcefar the punishment of mutiny and dfertipnx.and. other crimes therein mentioned, rntkout partiality favour* or qffeftion s andyfany dmskfiall ttrjfe. which // not explained hyfhesaidarticles or aB rfpa.rlif.mvit, according to my cenfeienee, the bfl tf my uv.derfjanding, and the cujjem, of war in like cases. And I farther, fauear, that I will not divulge She fantenfe offaye courtfiSfitil it.Shalt be ofstroyed. by his Mpjef y, pr by same person duly authorized by him; neither will /, jpon any account, at,any time whatsoever, difiofe ordiscover the vcjte or opinion of fitly particular member of..the court martial, unless required to give -evidence theref, os a nvitness, by a coMtSoffuflice, in a dye course of law.

So help me God,

And as (bon as 'the said oath shall have begn^tmin.iftered ,tp - the re(pq£\ive jrtem-hers, the.president of the court is hereby authorized a.od-required to admin liter to the judge advocate, or the person officiating as such, an oath -in the.lblkfwing words

/ A- B. dofpear, That I.‘will not, upo\i.pny arepnt, fit.any time nnhafasv.er, dif ehfe or discover the vote or opinion of at\y particular njetnfpr of thf fifurt fitartial, unless required to give evidence theref, atapitness, in a due course ofdaw,

So help me God.

And no fentcp.ee of death AaU he giv?n ^atnft any xriSeoder m fitch «*fe 4>y any -general court martial, unless pine officers..prefcut shall -concur therein; and in all cases.-where a court martial-ffialloonlift of more officers than thirteen, then the judgment stall pass by the concurrence of tw-c-thirds at. the Icaft. of iluc officers preterit; and‘no-proceedings or trial shall be had -upon any offence^ hut between the hours of eight of the clock in t|ie toorping and three in the afternowj, except in-cases which require an immediate -ex^rpple.

IX. And be it further enacted;3qd declared, That ip case of any foIdler, tried and convictedof desertion, ^henfoCTer-theoqurtm^ti^ which fiiali pase sentence upon-such trial, shall not think the«offence deserving of -capital punishment, such court martial may, mstead of awarding a corporal pumffiment'adjpdge the.aifepder,

they shall think fit, ^fefye-|t8:afo!^Wi^xtf.t|ie corps stationed in any of Ins Majesty's dominions bsjyqpd these^s, w;in.far(agn parts for life, or for ra.ccr* :tain lerm of years, according to the degree of offence; and if such foxieriliall afterwards, without l^avefromhis Muje.fty, or from the commanding, officer -of the corps in winch {half be appointed to serve, return into‘this realm.hefore the -expiration of the term limited byfu.ch sentence,-and shall he copyi£ed thereof by a court-martial, he shall suffer death.

X. iProvided always, That the party tried by, any generalcourt-rnartial, shall be entitled to a copy of the sentence apd proceedings of such court-martial upon demand thereof made by himself, or by any other, person or persons.on, his behalf, he or they paying reasonably for the fame, at any. time not {boner than, three months after such sentence, whether such sentence be approved of or not, any thing ia this act to the contrary not\yi,thl\a.nding.

4

The thirty-third Year of George III. 609

XL. Provided always, ami be it further enr.cH*d by the authority afcrcLw', A.D. That every judge advocate, or person officiating is inch, at any general court 1/93* martial do, and he is hereby required to transmit with as much expedition as Chap. 16. the opportunity cf time and difbncc of place can admit, the original proceedings and sentence of such court martial to the chief secretary of the lord lieutenant, or other chief-governor or governors of the kingdom of Ireland, to be laid before him or them* and when the determination shall have been made upon the sentence therein contained, to be lodged with the judge advocate general in Dublin; which said original proceedings and ftntence Hull be carefully kept and preferred in the office of such judge advocate general, to the erd that the person entitled thereto may be enabled upon application to the cilice to obtain copies thereof, according to the true intent and meaning of this att.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared, That none of the proceedings of any general or regimental court-martial, nor any entry or copy thereof, shall be charged or chargeable with any stamp duty whatsoever, any tiling contained in any former z€t or acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. Provided always, and bcit-hereby declared and enabled, That no office! cr soldier being acquitted or convicted of any offence, be liable to be tried a second time by the fame or any ether court-martial for the fame offence, unless in the case of an appeal from a regimental to a general court martini; and that no sentence given by any court martial, and signed by the president thereof, be liable to be revised more than once.

XIV. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained, shall extend, or be construed to-exempt any officer or foldierwhatsoever from being proceeded against by the ordinary.course of law.

XV. And for preventing of'frpuds and deceit in the muttering of soldiers, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person do make or give, or procure to be made or given, any false ot untrue certificate whereby to excuse any soldier for his absence from any mutter, cr any other service which he ought to attend or perform, upon pretence of being employed on some other duty of the regiment, or of sickness, being in prison, or on furlough$ then every such person so making, giving, or procuring such certificate, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, and shall be forthwith cashiered and displaced from his office, nnd shall be thereby utterly disabled to have or hold any military office or employment within this realm; and no certificate shall excuse the absence of any soldier, but for the reasons above mentioned, or one of (hem; and the com-nuflury of tire mutters, is hereby directed to set down on the roll, at the time of the taking of the mutter, the reason of the absence of such soldier reipetlively, and by whom certified, and not to let down any inch excuse without view of such certificate.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every officer that shall make any false or untrtt mutter of man or horse, and every commis-fary, mutter-matter, or other officer, who shall wittingly or willingly allow or sign the muster-roll, wherein such Lilfe mutter is contained, or any duplicate thereof; and also-every -comroilV.in*, mutter-matter, or other officer who shall di-Te&ly or indirectly take, cr cause to be taken, at.y sum or sums of money, or any other gr-itutty, on or for the muttering of any regiment, troop, or company cr on or for the signtng of any mutter-rolls, or any duplicate thereof, upon proof thereof upon oath made by two witmfics hcfcrc a general court-martial to -be thereupon called, which is hereby authorized and required to acminitter such oath, shall for such offence be forthwith cashiered and displaced from such his office, and shall be thereby utterly disabled :o have cr hold any civil or military office or employment within this realm.

Vol. XV;. 7 P

com-

ft jo T'he-thirty-third Year of George III.

‘XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every miflary or mutter-matter upon any mutter to:be made, had, or taken by him or them, shall, by a convenient time before such mutter made, give notice to the mayor, or other chief magistrate or officer of the place where the said soldiers so to be mustered shall be quartered, whais hereby required to be present at every such mutter, and give his utmost aflittance for the discovering any false or untrue mutter there made, or offered to be made; and that every such commissary or mutter-matter making or taking such mutter, that flail neglect to give such notice as aforesaid, orfliuil refuse to take the aid-and aflittance of.such mayor, chief ma-giftrue, or officer where the soldiers to be mustered shall be quartered, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, and shall be discharged from his cflice; and no muf- tcr-roll shall be allowed, unless the fame'be signed by the said mayor, or other

chief magistrate or officer respectively ;:.but in case such mayor, chief magistrate

or officer shall not, upon due notice given, attend such mutter, or shall refuse to . sign such muster-roll, without giving good and sufficient reasons for such his refu-*f:il, that then the commissary may proceed to mutter such regiment,'troop, or -company, without incurring the said penalty, and such muster-roll shall* be allowed, though not signed as aforesaid; provided that as soon after taking such muster as conveniently may-be, oath be made by the commissary or 'mutter-mailer, before any of his ‘M.ijetty’s justices of the peace for the county where such muster shall be taken, or otherwise before one of his Mnje fly’s courts of record, or before a matter in chancery in Dublin, that such-notice was duly given to the said mayor, thief magistrate, or officer-as aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person shall be. falsely mustered, or offer himself falsely. or deceitfully to -be muttered,

-upon proof thereof made upon oath by two v.itnesses, before the next justice of the; peace*for the county where such mutter-shall be made, and upon certificate thereof in* writing under the-hand of the commissary of the mutters, or chief ma* gistrates as aforesaid, made to such justice of the peace, the said justice is hereby authorised and required to commit such offender to the house of correcteon, there to remain for the space of ten days; and if any person shall wittingly or willingly lend or furnish- any horse to be muttered,- which shall not truly belong to the trooper or troop so muttered, the said horse so falsely mustered shall be forfeited to the informer, if the fame doth belong to the person lending or furniflung the said horse; or otherwise the person lending or furnishing the said horse, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, upon oath made by two witnessVs before the next juf-lice of the peace; which twenty pounds’shall be levied by warrant under the hand and-seal of the said justice, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the person so offending, rendering the overplus, if any be, to the owner; amUn case such offender shall not have sufficient goods and chattels’whcrcon distress -may be made, to the value*of the penalty to be recovered against him, or shall not pay such, penalty within four days after such conviction, then, and in such case, such

justice of the pence Audi and may, by warrant under his hand and seal, either commit such offender to the common gaol, there to remain without bail or main-

' prize, for the space of three months, cr cause such offender to be publickly whipped at the discretion of such justice; and the said forfeiture shall be to such person or persons that shall give information thereof; and the said informer or in*

formers, if belonging to the service, shall have a right to be discharged forthwith, if he or they shall demand the same.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every commissioned officer, store-keeper, cr commissary, that shall embezzle cr manifcflly cause to be embezzled or misapplied, or shall wilfully or through neglect, suffer any provisions, forage, arms, clothing, ammunition, or other military stores to

be

The thirty-third Year of George III. 611

tcfpolled or damaged, upon.proof thereof upon cnth made* by two wimefiusbefore A. a general court-martial, which is hereby authorized and required to admiiiiller 1793 fuel- oath, shall be forthwith dismissed his RI?jesty*s service, and forfeit the sum of Qiaf> , £ or.: hundred pounds, and is hereby required to make good at his own expence the loss and damage thereby sustained, to be ascertaincil by such court-martial, which ftiill have pou er to fcii:c the goods and chattels of the per foil so offending, and fell them fer Hie payment of the said one hundred pounds, and such damage, and if fuiiieient goods and chattels cannot be found and fei/.ed, then the person so offeming, shall be committed to prison, or the common gaol, to remain there for (is months, without hail or mainprize, and until he shall pay such deficiency; srd after the said sum shall be recovered and levied, the fame-shall be applied and disposed of as his Majesty shall direct and appoint.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every commis-fary of the musters, or muster-master, either of the land forces or marines, making or taking a mutter, do make oath before the mayor or chief magistrate attending the making or taking such mutter as aforesaid, if such mayor or chief magistrate so attending be a justice of the peace, or otherwise before one of his Majesty's courts of record, or before a mailer in chancery in Dublin, who is hereby autlw-cized to administer the same in manner following:

I A.B. do swear, that I /aw, at the time of taking a tr.ttfler of such troops or c<h>jinnies of this regiment as lay within my present circuity such men or horses of such imps or companies so mujlcml by *ne as are borne, and tut respited on the muster-roll, fir which men or horses -a signed certificate or certificates, are net endorsed on the bach of the roily certifying their being absent from the muster by reafin of being employed on fonts tiler duty of the regiment, or by being fichy in prifin, on furlough, or at graft % or b) afyned leave from the colonel or field officer y or officer commanding the regiment, troop, tr company. Iliheiuife fiucar, that Iajfified in examining and comparing this muster-rM with the regimental booh; that I have fan end examined the attejlations of all the unnits of the periods, that I find them conipleat, and believe them to be jujlattd corub1.

Which oaths the said commiflrtry, or muster-master is hereby directed to inferr, sDibsubscribe on the back of the muster-roll by him delivered into the office of the commissary-general of the mutters, and as soon as the commissarics of the mutters shall have severally completed their circuits within twenty-one days after the fame, they are hereby directed personally to appear at the office of the muster-master general in Dublin, and in his presence, or in that of his deputy, who is hereby directed to attend, before one of his Majesty's courts of record, or before a matter in ch.mcery, io make and subscribe the following oath, viz.

/. A.B. do swear, that at the times and places severally named tn the musler-roll: by me of the following regiments-, vis.

I mis ptrfnully prefiut, and -did at the time cf taking the said mufiers, assist in comparing thefrjeral muser-.ro/ls with the regimental hooks cf ike fiver a I regiments, troops,

1r miptniss, and that J believe them juji and eorrcCl taken bficre v:c.

Which said cath is to be attested by the said mutter-matter general, or his deputy,

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any pay-master, agent, or cle-ik of any garrison, regiment, tTcop, or company, shall wilfully detain or withhold by the space cf one month the pay of any officer or fol-dicr, clothes and all other just allowances being deduced, after such pay shall be

7 P 2 ' by

012 The thirty third Year of George III.

J\. I") *7 him cr them received, or if any officer hating received his soldiers pay, fl..'

restife to pay each respective non-commissioned officer and soldier their respectiv.' pay, when it shall become due, according to the several rates established by order of governir.« nt, then upon proof thereof before a court-martial as aforesaid, to be for that ptupofeheld and summoned, every such paymaster, agent, cleik, or of* fjvCr so offending, shall be discharged from his employment, and flird! forfeit to t! e informer upon conviction before the find court, one hundred pounds, to I: levied as nh.refrid, and the informer, if a soldier, if he demands it, shall be, and he is hereby dist-harged fresh any further service} anything in tide act contained 10 the confr.-.iy notwithstanding.

XXII. Aud for the better execution thereof, and that a true and regular account may be kept and rendered by the agents of the several regiments and inde< pendent trorps and companies, the said hgents are hereby required and directcci to obstrve such orders and directions as shall from time to time be given by his Majesty, under his sign manual, or by his Majesty's chief governor, or gevcnici? of this kingdom; and if any agent shall refuse or neglect to observe am' ecu ply with such orders ami directions, he shall be discharged from his office, and fcc utterly disabled to have cr hold any such office in his' M.:jdly*s service in tbit kingdom.

XXIII. And it is enabled, That if any officer or commissary shall muster any person by a wrong name knowingly, upon conviction th.crecf before a general corrt-martial, tie fl.id iffitcr or conimiflhry shall fuffir such penalties, ?mlin inch manner as is directciiaml inflicted by this act upon these who shall make f.ilfe musters.

XXIV. And whereas by an act passed in the sixth year of- the reign of Queen Anne, entitled, An act to prevail the d/.rden that way happen by the war, hit g ij f.l-lihn, and providing carriages for the baggage of folditrs on their mareby it is amongst other things enacted and declared, " That no officer, soldier) or trooper in her " Majesty's army, nor the servant of any officer, n-m any attendant on the train " of artillery, nor any yeoman of the guard of battle-axes, r.cr any officer cornmanding the said yeomen, nor any servant of any such officer, shall at any time " hereafter have, receive, or be allowed any quarters in any part of this kingdom, tf fare only during such time as he or they shall be, and remain, in sonic feapor. " town, in order to be transported, or during such time as there shall be snv " commotion in any part of this kingdom, by reason of which emergency, kr

Majesty's army, or any considerable part thereof shall be commanded to march from any part of this kingdom to another, or during such time or times as " lie or they shall be on their march as aforesaid." And whereas the barrack> in this kingdom arc not at present sufficient to lodge all the forces upon 1;. military establishir.ent: and whereas it may be necessary to station part of the troops in places where there are not barracks, or not sufficient barracks to hold them: be it enacted, and it is hereby declared and agreed by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful, notwithstanding the said recited n£t, to and for the conliables and other chief officers and magistrate? of cities, towns, villages, and other places within this kingdom, and in their default or absence, for any one justice of the peace, inhabiting in or near any such city, town, village, or place, and for no others, and such constab.'es, and other-chief magistrates as aforesaid, are hereby required to quarter and billet the officers and soldiers in his Majesty's service in inns, livery-fhblcs, alc-houses, and.'thduioufes cf fellers of wine by retail, to be drank in their own houses, cr places thereunto belonging; and all houses of persons felling brandy, strong \v.> ters, cyder or methegiin by retail; and where there shall not be found sufficient room in such houses, then in such manner ss has been heretofore customaryj ror e shall

' Chap. i6

The ihir'y-thlrtl Tc.ir cf George III.

Jr.il! apv more billets ft any time be crd'.v.v’, lli n ll.- tr: c‘u rVve lo!J to be (jitartered} nil which billet'., v him:u!'. cv.:b\ kwh thi.f nv.ighk.ucr, c r ten-

6s A.D. 1793.

fibre.4-. ffi:.'d b*r delivered into the h-uvls f the car me nding officer picfent; and If lS.

any u'.n!I.:Me cr such !:!a* qiTilci cr nuigidralc r> afi rt laid, shall prelnme to quarter cr billet any such officer or fuidicr in any heuse not within the meaning of this aOr, without the coafcat of the owner cr occupier, then such owner or occupier Hall have his or their remedy at law ngstinct such magiltr.Ue or officer for the damage tl.r.t such owner br occupier shall sustain thereby 5 rnd if vr.y military officer Piali tal.c upon him to quarter foUters cihmvife than is limited and allowed by this ;£i, cr {hi!: life or ofier any menace or compulilon to or upen any mayors, confu.blcs, cr

other civil officers before mentioned, tending to deter or difccurage ar.y of them from performing tiny part of their duty hereby required or appointed, such military officer shall, for every such olfeiice, being thereof convicted before any two or move of the nest justices of the peace of the county, by the oath of two credible witnesses, be deemed and tubed to be ipso JaFlo cashiered, and shall he utterly difubled to have or hold any military employment withift this kingdom} provided the said tom t£l:on be affirmed at the next assizes or quarter sessions of live peace for the said county, or county of the city, and 0 certificate thereof tranlYmtted to the judge-advicate, who

is hereby obliged to'certify the same to the next court-martial; and in cals any person shall find himself Aggrieved, itr that such conUable, chief officer or mag;il.r.»‘.e, not being a justice of the peace, has quartered or billeted in his lieufc, a guc-.tci number. of soldiers than lie ought to hear in proportion to l;is neighbours, aV.d f aii

complain thereof to drife or more jv.ftice or justices. of the peace cf tKp dhifon, ti'.v, or liberty where such fohliers are quartered; or in case inch chief officer or r.i: jii-. irate shall he a justice of the peace, then on complaint r.iadfi to two or move justices of* the peace,-of such division, city, or liberty, such juilicCS respectively shall have, and have hereby power to relieve such pci Tons, by 01 doing such and so many of the soldiers to.be removed and quartered upon such other person or persons as they fl. II fee cause; and such other person or persons Hull be obliged to receive such foldiei,

Accordingly.

XXV. And whereas great inconvenience happens from the billeting of ibVicrt singly: be it therefore cnu&ed by the authority aforesaid, Tha: at no rime hereafter, a less 'number than two men shall be billeted in any one house, and such biilets may be changed once ir. every month if thought necessary by the chief r:yg'f»: teq prevent any burthen thereby avifing from falling heavy on pardcuhr hub! duals.

XXVI. And as very great detriment and inconun'ence avifes to the fcrvlrc fresh the dispersing and billeting of soldiers v.ken on :a i.w:\i: at a great did mice hem 'the place or places where they arc meant to be qtniteved, end contrary to the m:c intent and meaning'of the said bast recited act, and by urfr.n 0: which they ;«re placed wide of their intended route for the next day’s im;r<.h: he i: therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That at no time when troop* are cn a march, flisll any -of them be billeted above one mile fresh the place'Or places mentioned :n the

route.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afcreffiid, That if -any officer shall take, cr cause to be taken, or knowingly fufllr to be taken, any money of any person for cxcufng the quartets of officers or fiddieis, or any of Hero, ill any house allowed by this net, evay such officer shall be Luihbred, and be incapable of serving in any military employment, whatsoever.

XXVIII. And whereas great inconvenieniics have arisen, and may arise in such places where.horse or dragoons arc, or may be quartered, by the billeting of the men and their horses at di.Tcrcnt b.cufcs, and often at gica: distances from enC another, cOhtrary to the true intent and meaning of this act: be it therefore enacted

Vojl. XVI. .7 by The thirty-third Year of George III.

by the authority aforesaid, That in all places where house or dragoons shall be quartered or billeted in punuance of this act for the future, the men and their l.orfi-3 g fli.il! be billeted in one and the fame house, except in case cf neccfluv, am! that in no ether case whatsoever there be Icfs than one man billeted where there shall be cne or two horses, nor less than two men where-there shall be -four horse:, and ia in proportion for a greater number; and in'such case each man shall be'I dieted . near his horse as pcffible.

XXIX Ami whereas feme doubts have 2rifen whether commending officers cfany regiment, troop, or company, may exchange any men or horses quartered in any . town or place with another man or horse quartered in the same place for the benefit of the service; be it -declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such exchange, as above mentioned may be made by fuel) commanding officers respectively, provided the number of men or horses do not exceed die number, at that time billeted on such house or houses, and the contains, tithing-mcn, headboroughs, and other chief oflicere and magistrates of the cities,- towns, villages,- cr

oilier places where any regiment, troop, or company shall be quartered, are hereby required to billet such men and horses so exchanged accordingly.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the thirty-first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, no paymaster-general, or paymaster cf die army, paymaster of the marines, focretary at war, commissiirv, or muster-niafter, or any other officer whatsoever -or their under officers, shall receive any fees, cr make any deductions whatsoever out of the pay of any officer or fuldier in his Majesty's army, or from their agents, which shall grew due from and after the find thirty-first day of March, one'.thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, other than the usual deductions for clothing, and such ether neces-f.iry deductions as are now made, or shall from time to time be directed by Li* Majesty under his royal sign manual.

XXXI. And that the quarters of officers-and schliers in this kingdom, may hrreafter be duly paid and fati&fied, his Majesty's duties of excise bcttci answered, and that the owners of heufes on whom officers and soldiers shall be billeted, may . be encouraged to provide proper accommodation for such officers, ihluiers, and their liorfcs' be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That except during such times a* the troops shall be on their march, or during such limes ns there shall be any cem-

merit» in any part of this kingdom, payment shall bemadc for each officer and fd-tUer during the lime he or they shall occupy such billet, at the following weekly rntes, videlicet, in'Dublin, for each field officer and captain, eight findings; for each fubdltern officer, seven shillings; for each serjeant c£ drngeens or foot, or corporal

of horse, onc.fniSIing and one penny; for each trooper, dragoon, or foot soldier, six pence halfpenny: in the country, for each field officer cr captain, five fliiiiings; for each fubnltcm officer, three shillings and six pence; for each serjeant of dragoons

or foot, or corporal of horse, one shilling; for each trooper, dragoon, or foot soldier, six pence; the payment of the officers lodgings, to be made by the officers them-Xches, in the present accuflcmed manner; the payment of the men’s lodgings-to be nude monthly by the commanding* officer cf each corps, in each quarter, in eon-foquence of money font them for that purpose, by. their fevered regimental agents; and in order to enable the agents to remit such money, such sums shall be advanced to them as shall be necessary, for -which the regiments. fi;di be. accountable, ami which fr.nis shall be accounted far in the usual manner.

XXXII. And as an encouragement to provide proper and sufficient tabling for riiehorfo; so billeted, four pence /«tweek shall be paid to the owners of tables for each boric, curing the time each shall remain in such . manna, and under such tiicum-fiaaces, as the quarters of the men ;:re paid; and in calc of any ireep cr cc wp;M*y

i*cing suddenly ordered to march, and that the respective commanding officers arc

j nv:

Tie thiri-j-thnei Year r,f George III. 615

r.:t enabled to make payment of the firms due for the lodging of the men end (lab- A. I), ling of the horses, tvcryfuchcfncerfi.au, fcefeve l.hs dep.uurc, make up the ar- 1793* a-;.et with tve« v. person with whom such tretp or company nv.*y have been quar- Chap. I v), :rt.!, and fpn :» certificate thereof; which account rr.d certificate Audi'be trans-to the.agent of the regiment, that immediate payment may be procured in L.- ic: uftomed manner.

aMXIII. And be it further er>r.cVII, That the clauses. and civcumfumces of this ifi, in every particular, extend to all recruiting parties whatsoever, and their recruit.". of Ids hiajctly’s Und cr marine forces, that may he employed on diet fir-\h: within this kingdom 5 and quarters fr.all at all times, upon requisition, he granted to fuJi parties and their recruits as prescricec! by this act, they paying for the fiipe it the rates before directed, notv. irhfianding there‘may be barracks in the pi. c:s where such qv.; rters arc so demanded.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That every non-commissioned officer and fol-ftiir, who shall be billeted according to the provisicr.s in this act, shall be entitled to and receive proper and sufficient accommodation respectively, and also the use of ki-tlion utensils, to ccok and cat tiicir victuais in their quarters.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for the better and more regular provision cf carriages for his M.ijcfiy’s forces in th.eir imrchcq or for their arms, clothes, or accoutrements, nli justices of the peace viil:11 their several counties, shires, dhifiens, liberties, and prccindts, being duly reqei.ui thereunto by an order from the chief governor, cr governors of this kingdom, 01 the general of his Majesty's forces, or the mafltr-general u: his Ivlnjeliy's cnlar.i'.a*, shall, as often as such order is brought and Ihcv.n unto cne or more of them by the quarter-mailer, adjutant, or other officer, or non-commissioned officer of the regiment, detachment, troop, or company so ordered to march, ifiiic out Ids cr their warrants to the conlkbles or petty conibbles of the -^ivision, city, liberty, hundred, and precinct, from, through, near, or to which such regiment, detachment, ucop, or company shall be ordered to march, requiring them to malic such provision lor carriages, with 2ble men to drive the fame, as is mentioned, in the fad warrant, allowing them sufficient time to do the frme, that the neighbouring parts may r.ot always bear die burthen; and in case fufiiucr.t carriages cannot be prodded within any such liberty, division, or precinct, then the next justice or justices of the peace of the county or division, shall, upon such order as aforofad, bting brought or shewn to one or more of them, by ?.r.y of the officers afcrcfiiid, ilia: his or their warrant to the constables or potty confidbles cf such next county, liberty, division or precinct, for the purpefes cforcf.dd, to make un such deficiency;

;ial fuel; constables or petty constables fi»U order and appoint such person or pu-fons, having carriages within their respeCUve Hbcnics as they (kali think proper, to provide, and furnish such caniages and men according 10 the warrant aforesaid, who r.rc hereby required to provide and furnish the fame accordingly; and if any military oiuccr or officers, for the ulc of whose troop cr company the n ni.igc was provided, shall force and constrain any carriage to travel movethau one day’s jnuriiev, except aslierenfter excepted, or shall net tiifcharge the of;.r..c in due time fir ihu.-return home, or shall fuller any foluicr or fcryrmt, (except such as are lick) or any '.roman to ride in- the carriage aforesanl, or fi.aii force any conftaifie or petty ecn-wis by threatening or menacing words to provide faddiv-hors.s for tl-emiclvcs or ftrvants, of flrali force horses from the owners by themselves, furvantj, or fifidi.rs, every such 0dicer, for every such offence shall forfeit the sum of five pounds, proof thereof being made upon oath before two of his MnjrftyViuftitcs of the peace of the same county, who are’to certify the same to the ] aymaficr-gjnenii, or ct* rr respective paymaster of his JdajeftVs forces, who is he: cby required to pay the' aforesaid fur.; of five pound?, according to the order and appointment under the

y Ji'.nd;

616 The thirty-third Year of George III.

j[r ' hands and (cals of the aforesaid justices of the peace-of tire filid county, v.-I.o art I -gy, hereby empowered to dcdufl the fame out of such officers pay; and the afrrifrid

C)l<ip 16. °h,ccr or officers, who by virtue of tire aforesaid warrant from the jnflicer. cf fe peace are to demand the carriage or carriages therein mentioned, of the confute or petty constable in when tire warrant is directed, is and are hereby unpriced, before the owner of such carriage that! be compelled to take any lo.Virtg, or 1c wren!

to proceed in the march with Iris carriage, to pnv down in hand to the owner cf such carriage, or Iris fervent, the firms herein after mentioned, for every mile c: reputed mile they are to march, Clint is to say, for every hundred weight which the owner or owners of any wheel-carriage shall take as loading on such wheeUcanir.gr, the firm of one halfpenny for every mile, or reputed mile he or they shall therewith march; and if any officer or person requiring such carriages as aforesaid, shall nc-glcit or refafe to pay to the owner of such carriage, the sum hereby appointed io be paid, he and they shall forfeit the sum of forty shillings, (tcrling to the party injured, on such proof, and in such manner as is herein before appointed.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no owiicr of such catriage be compelled or obliged to take any loading, until the same shall be fell duly weighed at the expence of the owner or owners of such carriage, if he or they shall think ft,

and the fame can he done in a rcaionable time, without let or hindrance erf lii->Majesty's service; and if any officer or other person requiring fecit carriage, shall fore: cf compel the owner to take any loading until the same shall be felt duly weighed,

if the fame can be clone in a reasonable time as aforesaid, or shall contrary io tie will of the owner of such carriage, or iris fen-ant, put, or permit any person whatsoever to p it any greater load upon any carriage than as is herein after directod, either at the time of loading, cr on the march, every such officer, Ihill for every flic!) offence, forfeit the sum of twenty shillings to the party injured, on such proof, and in fiieJl manner as is herein before appointed.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, that no carriage impressed by authority -of this act, dull be iiible or obliged to earn’ above six hundred weight; and if t!.-:

owner shall confuit 10 carry above six hundred weighqon any carriage, he ii.AI hi allowed and paid at the rate of one halfpenny pci- mile, for every hundred above tl: weight of six hundred pound:; put on Iris carriage; and the owner or owner; o! such carriage or carriages llir.li not lie compelled or obliged to proceed with such cani-ige or caniages under the sum of three pence per mite or reputed mile ?t the IctP, i.i case lie or they f1ir.ll lie required to carry a lcfi weight on such carriage or c.-rritges than six hundred pounds weight for eaclt carriage.

XXXVI1J. Aral licit further enacted, 'flirt if through the l-cciccl of r; con-; frtible, after notice giion as aforesaid, to ptotide carriages as before meiti/med, tire officer comm Hiding in chief shall be neceflit.ited to bait, that then, am! in such case only, it shall and may be lawful to and for Did officer to take the c.irri.’tp'S one day’s march more according to the route, paring one halfpenny per mile for each hundred weight of loading as before mentioned; am! the owners of such carriages, upon complaint made by them or their fen-ant or fen-ants to any justice of the peace or chief magistrate next adjoining to die place where such carriages «rr: to have been provided, fusil receive, over and above the halfpenny per mile per hundred weight of loading before specified, three pence more per mile for etch carriage, to be paid by the constable who made default in providing cAibg-;, the said l.ifl sum so be levied immediately after demand and refusal, by wan .-a:

of any justice of the peace or chief magilbaie of the piece next adjoining; widen said justice or chief magistrate is hereby required to grant the fame iiV.mciiUtdy oil demand without fee or reward.

XMXIX. And be it further enacted, That notice shall be given to the Irrtiniryer of the city or Dublin, at kaft twenty-four'i.ours before the march rf ary traps or companies cf fohiittrs out of the said city, of the number of the raps or

The iliriy-tLird Year of George III. 617

companies appointed to march: whereupon the lord mayor for the time being,

Hull summon a proportionable number of cars out of the licensed cars, brick

1793«

cars, and other cars within the county of the find city, and so from time to Q^p time the said cars are by turns to be employed in carrying the baggage of such troops or companies at the prices, and under the regulations Herein before mentioned f and it is hereby directed, that no country cars or carriages coming to the market of said city, r.or any cars or carriages coming to any of the markets of this kingdom, shall be detained or employed in carrying the baggage of the army on any pretence whatsoever,

XL. And whereas feverat acts of parliament of the sixth of Queen Anne, and the second and fifteenth of George the second, and of the eighth and nineteenth of George the third, are now- in force for the providing of carriages for the baggage of foldie.ts on their march, be it enacted, That the several clauses contained in the said acts relative to the carriage of the army-baggage, do, from the p.’.nhig of this act, cease and determine.

XLI. A:j.l be it further enacted, That the number of carriages to be allowed each troop or company, shall be from time to time regulated by order of government, in proportion to the establishment of such troop or company; and the Aims ordered to be advanced as aforesaid, for the payment of carriage of baggage by the officer or officers, respectively, shall'bs to them repaid by the paymaster-general, or vice-treasurer of this kingdom for the time being, without fee or reward, on oath made by such officer or officers before one of his Mu]city’s justices of the peace, or chief magistrate of any city or corporate town, of his or their payment of such sum or Aims for carriages as aforesaid.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any high-constable, or petty-constable, shall wilfully neglect or refuse to execute such warrants of the justices of the peace, as shall be directed unto them, fox providing Carriages as aforesaid; or if any person or persons appointed by such constable, or petty-constable, to provide or furnish any carriage and man, shall refuse or neglect to provide the fame, or any other person or persons whatsoever, shall wilfully do any act or thing whereby the execution of the said warrant shall be hindered or frustrated; every such constable or other person or persons so offending, shall for every such oITence, forfeit any sum not exceeding forty shillings, nor less than twenty shillings, to the use of the poor of the parish where any such -offence shall be committed-; and all and every such offence and offences, shall and may ba inquired of, heard, and finally determined by two of his Majesty's justices of the peace, dwelling in or near the place where such offence shall be committed, who -have hereby power to causethe said penalty to be levied by distress and falc of the offenders goods and chattels, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner.

XLIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any officer, military or civil, by -this act authorized to-quarter soldiers in any houses hereby appointed forthat purpose, shall at any time, during the continuance of this act, quarter any of the wives, children, men or maid servants of any officer or soldier in 2i:y such IiQufes, against the consent of the owners, the party offending, if an officer of the army, shall, upon complaint and proof-thereof made to the commander in chief of the army, or judge advocate, be ipso faBo cashiered; and if a constable, tithing-man, or other civil officer, he shall forfeit to the party aggrieved twenty ffiiliirgs, upon complaint and proof thereof made to the next justice of the peace, to be levied ‘by warrant of such justice, by distress and sale of Ids goods, rendering the overplus to ffie party, after deduftin^ reasonable charges in taking the same.

XLIV. And for the better preservalion of the game, in or near such places where any officers or soldiers shall at any time be quartered; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if, from and after the thirty-first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety’three, any officer or foMicr, shall without leu'.c of the lord of Vo;.. XVI. 7 K the

618

The thtrty-iiilrd Year cj~ George III.

f A.D. t*iC manor, under his hand and foal, first Iwd and obtained, take, kill, cr drftioy

Y any hare, coney, pheasant, 'partridge, or any other fort of fowls, or any poultry,

O.aj). 16. lifl:, or his Majesty's game wirhtn this kingdom, and upon complaint thereof, «» shall he, ‘Upon oath-of one or more credible witness or wunclles, convicted before any mftree or justices of the peace, who is and are hereby empowered and authorized to hear end determine‘the fame, that is to say, every officer so c (lending, {'.all, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five pounds, to be distributed rmonest tluj poor of the place where such offence shall be committed; and every o'ficer commanding in chief upon the place, for every such offence committed by any soldier under his command, shall forfeit the sum of twenty shillings, to be paid and distributed in manner aforesaid; and if upon conviction made by the justices of the peace, and demand thereof also made by the constable or overseers of the poor, such officer shall refuse or neglect, and not within two days pay the said respective penalties, fudiofllccr so refusing or neglecting shall forfeit, and he is hereby declared to have forfeited his commission, and hit commission is hereby declareil to be null and void.

XLV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ever)' nrn-commiflimied officer who shall be convicted at a general-or regimental court martial of having embezzled or ir.ifapnlied any money, with which he may have been cn» tmfted-for the on mcr.t of the men urderhis command, or for enlisting men into his MajestyVservice, shall -he reduced to serve in the ranks ns a private soldier, and be put under stoppages until the "money be'made good, and fuller such corpora! punishment, not extending to Hfe^or limb, as *he court-martial shall think fit.

XIjVI. And whereas several foldtars being duly lifted, do afterwards desert, and arc often found wandering, or otherwise absent themselves -illegally from his Majesty's *service". it is hereby further cr.acted, That it shall ami may be lawful to mid 'for thmcoristable of the -townor place where any persons, who may be reason-nWy fufpcCtal to be such n deserter, shall be found, to apprehend, or cause him to be apprehended, and to enufe such person -to be brought before any justice *of the peace' living in or -near such town or place who-hath hereby -power to examine inch , suspected person, and if by-liis confeiHon, or the testimony of onc or 'niore witness or witnesses -uponeath, or by the knowledge of such justice of peace, it shall appear or be found, that such fnfpcCted person is a lifted soldier, and' ought to be with the troop or company to which he belongs, such justice of the peace shall forthwith-cause him to be conveyed to the gaol of the county or place where he shall be found, or die house of correction, or other publick prison in such town or place where such-deserter shall be apprehended, or to ‘the provost-martial, in case such defcrtcr-shall be apprahended within the city-or liberties of Dublin, or placesjneent, and transmit at; account thereof to the chief secretary to - the Chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, to the end' such persons nuy be proceeded against according to law; and the keeper of such gaol, house of correction, or prison, (hall-receive the full subsistence-of Each deserter or deserters during the time that he or they shall continue in his custody, for the -maintenance of the said deserter or deserters, but shall net lie entitled to any fee or reward on recount of the imprisonment of such deserter or deserters-} any -law, usage, or custoni to the contrary notwithstanding.

XKVII. And for the better encouragement of nnv person or persons to ftcurc or apprehend such deserters as -nforeCid: -be it further enacted -by die authority aforesaid, That such justice of the peace -shall also issue his warrant in writing to the -collector or collectors of his Majesty's revenue, in the -district where luth deft iter shall be apprehended, for paying out cf'-the revenue by him collected, into the hands of such person who shall apprehend, or cause to be apprehended, any deserter from his Majest.y’s service, the sum of twenty shillings for every such dcfciur that

The thirlr-t.lt)'.! 7 tar cf George III.

t'j :i flull W so apprehenJcd am! committal; v. sum of twenty fl illinfps flal! lie fuibavil by such cclicftor or cclkclors to whem such warrant shall be dsrested and showed upon his account.

XLVIII. Provided always, That if any person fhrdl harbour, conceal, or assist my tltwitcr from his Majesty's fin ice, hnowing Iiim lo be fuclt, the person so eflluding, shall forfeit for every such o He nee the sum of five pounds; or if any persons shall knowingly detain, buy, cr exchange, or ctlicnvuc receive any neceslhrics, or r.ny arms, cloth.cs, caps, or other furniture belonging to the King, from any fol-di'.v or deserter, or any other person upon any account or pretence v. hatsoever, or CLufc the colour of such clothes to be changed, the person so offending shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of five pounds upon conviction, by the oath of ere or more credible witness or witndlcs, before any of his Majesty's justices of the peace, the said respective penalties of five pounds and five pounds, fl ail be levied by warrants under die hands of the said justice or justices of the peace, by distress and file of the goods and chattels of the offender, -one moiety of the said first mentioned* penalty of five pounds to be paid to die informer by whefe means such d-> ferter tliall be apprehended,'and one moiety-cf die last mentioned penalty of five pounds to be paid to die 'informer, and the residue of the said respective penahi :$ to be paid to die officer to -whom any such deserter or soldier did belong; and !:i case any offender who shall be convicted as aforesaid of harbouring or assisting any such deserter or deserters, or having "knowingly received any necessaries, or any arms, clothes, caps, or other furniture belonging to die King, or having envied the colour of fuel* clotlies to be changed contrary to the intent of riiis aft, shall not have sufficient goods and chattels whereupon distress may be made to the value of the penalties recovered agzinft him for such offence, or flull not pay such penalties within four >days after such conviction, then, and in such case, such justice of the peace shall and may by warrant under his hand and Teal, cither commit such offender > the common gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize for the space of three months, or cause stich offender to be publickly whipped, at the diferetkm of such justice

XLIX. Provided always, That no commissioned officer shall break open any honfe to search for deserters without warrant from the justice of the peace $ and that every Commissioned officer, who shall, without warrant from one or moieof his Majesty's justices of the peace, which said warrants the said justice or justices are hereby empowered to grant, forcibly enter into, cr break open the dwelling-hcufe or cut-houses of any person whatsoevcv, -under prennee of^fcareking for deserters, shall upon due proof thereof forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

L. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty to form, make, and eft..blish articles of war, for the better government'of his Majesty's forces.

LI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Tlr.it for bringing offenders against such articles of war to justice, it 11 all and may he lawful to ami for his Majesty to empower the chief governor or governors of this kingdom to cieft and confluute courts-martial, with power to try, hear, mid determine any crimes and offences by such articles of war, and to inflict penalties by feiuenee or judgnunt of rlic fame within this kingdom.

Lit. Provided always, That no person or persons shall be adjudged to fufier any piinlilmiet.t extending to life or limb by the said articles cf war v. ithin this kingdom, except for such crimes as are exprdlai to be so purdfl.abic by this act

LIII Piowded also, and be it further en.tfted, That if any officer or soldier fl ail in any of his Majesty's dominions beyond the fcas, cr elsewl.ere beyond the fcas, commit any of the offences triable by comb-martial by virtue of this r.ft, and tliall come* or be brought into this realm before he be tried by a court-martial % R 2 lor

619 A.D.

'79.1v Chap. 10.

The. thirty-third Year of George III.

ir-r ftitli offence, fuel) officer cr feMier shall be tiled and pun!(lied for the fame, 25 if the fiitl offence had been committed within this realm.

LIV. Provided nlfo, That no pevl'cn or person; being acquitted or convicted o: any capital crime*, violences, cr oflonces by the civil magistrate, shall be liaLIe ;o be punlfljed by a court-martial for tJie fame, otherwise than by cafhicring.

IV. Provided nlfo, That if any officer, non-commissioned officer, or f;ldier, Audi be nccuied of any capital crime, or of anyvioler.ee or offence ngamft the person, eftale, or property of any of his Majesty's subjects, which is punishable by the known laws'of the land, the commanding officer or officers of any regiment, troop, ‘Or company, or party, is and are hereby required to use His utmost endeavour: to deliver‘Over such accused. person to the civil magistrate; and shall also be aiding and 2(Tiding to die officers of justice in the seizing and apprehending such offender in ’erder-to bring him. to trial; and if any such commanding officer shall wilfully neglect or rcfofo upon application made to him for1 that ptrrpose, to deliver over any such accused person to the civil magistrate, or to be aiding or assisting to tl)C officers of justice in apprehending such offenders, every such officer so offending, and being thereof convicted before any two or more justicesi'f the peace for the county where such fad is committed, by the oath of two credible'witnesses, shall be deemed and taken to be ipso fcJIo cafiiiered, aml-shall bc-utterly disabled to have cr hold any civil or military office or employment within this kingdom, or in his Majesty's for-vice} provided the said conviction be affirmed r: the next quarter fcilions of the peace for the'uicl county,-and a certificate thereof *bc transmitted to the judge advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify the same to the next court-martial.

LVI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every present and future peymaster, agent, orclcrkof any garrison, regiment, trcop, or coaipiV.yt who is or shall be Jiahie to account with any of the executors and athni- nlstrators of every officer or soldier for any of the pay of such officer or soldier by ‘him- or them received, shall, on reasonable demand made by such executor or administrator, deliver a just and true account to any such executor or administrator, of such sum or sums of money as he or they shall have so respectively received for such officer or soldier, and for‘which they-ought To to account as aforesaid, such executor or administrator.paying for the same, and.shall account with such executor or

administrator for the fame} and that every such paymaster, agent, or clerk of any garrison, regiment, troop, or company offending herein, shall forfeit die like penalties, and to be recovered in like manner as appointed by this act, for such colonels or agents not giving due accounts of or-for the pay of the said officers or fol-

diers, to and for such officers and soldiers themselves.

LVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action, 'bill, plaint, or suit, -shall be brought against any person or persons for any act, matter, or thing to be acted or done in pursuance of this act, that it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every person or persons sued as aforesaid, to plead thereunto

the general issue, - that he or they ere not guilty, and to give such special matter in -.evidence to the jury, which shall try the issue, which special matter being pleaded, had been a good and sufficient matter in -law to-have discharged the said defendant or defendants to the trespass or other matter laid to his or their charge-; and if the verdict shall pass-with the said defendant or defendants in any such action, the plaintiff or plaintiffs therein.become nonsuit, or fuller any discontinuance thereof, that in every such eafctive justice or justices, cr such other judge before whom the said matter shall be tried, shall, by force and virtue of this act, allow unto the defendant or defendants, Ids or their treble costs, which he or they shall have luftaintd by reason of their wrongful vexation in defence of the fitid action or suit, for which '-the said defendant or defendants shall have the like remedy as in other cases where

costs by the laws-of this realm ere given to defendants.

The thirty-third Year of George III. 621

LVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every bill, A.D. plaint, action, or suit against soy person or persons for any act, matter or thing to j beasted ordonc in pursuance of this act, or against any member or minister of a Qiap. f (j. court-martial in respect of any sentence of such court, or of any thing done by vir-tue, or in pursuance of such sentence, Until be brought in feme of the courts of record at Dublin, and in no other court whatsoever.

LTX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, Tltat any person or persons whatsoever who shall directly or iiulireftly persuade, or procure, or endeavour to persuade, or procure any soldier or soldiers in the service-of his Majesty, or of his heirs or successors to desert, such person or persons so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall forfeit the sum of forty pounds, to be recovered in any of the courts of record in Dublin.

LX. And to prevent as far as may be any unjust or fraudulent arrests that may be made upon soldiers, whereby his Majesty and the publick may be deprived of their service; it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person whatsoever, who is or shall be lifted, or who shall lift and enter himself as a volunteer in his Majesty's service as a soldier, shall be liable to be taken out of his Majesty's service by any process of execution whatsoever, other than for feme criminal matter, unless for a real debt, or other just cause of action, and unlufs before the taking out of such-process or execution, not being for a criminal matter, the plaintiff or plaintiffs therein, or some other person or ersons on his or their behalf, tball make affidavit before one or more judge or judges of the court of record, or other court out of which such process or execution shall issue, or before some person authorized to take affidavits in such courts, that to his or their knowledge the original sum justly due and owing to the plaintiff or plaintiffs from the defendant or defend-.ants in the action cr cause of action on which such process shall issue, or the orig -nal debt for which such execution shall be issued out, amounts to' twenty pounds at least, over and above all costs of suit in the fame action, or in any other action on which the same shall be grounded, a-memorandum of which oath ilialj be marked on the back of such process or writ, for which memorandum no fee shall be taken-; and if any person shall nevertheless be arrested contrary to the intent of this act, it shall and may be lawful for one or more judge or judges of such court, upon complaint thereof made by the party himself, or by any Ids superior officer, to 1 examine into the fame by the oath of the parties or otlicrwile, and by warrant under his or their bands and seals to discharge such soldier so arrested contrary to the intent of this act, without paying any fee or fees, upon due proof made before him or them,

that fuclt soldier so arrested was legally enlisted as a soldier in his Majesty's service, and arrested contrary to the intent of this act; and also to award to the party so complaining such costs as such judge or judges Audi think reasonable, for the recovery whereof he JhnJl have the like remedy that the person who takes out the said execution might have had for his costs. cr die plaintiff in the like action might have had for the recovery of his costs in case judgment had been given for him with erfts against the defendant in the said action.

LXL And*o toe end that honest creditor: who aim only at the recovery of their just debts due to them from persons eut-'red into, ami enlisted in his Majesty's fervicr* may not bt hindered from filing for the fame, but on the contrary may be assisted and forwarded in their suits, and instead of an arrest, which may at once hurt the service, and occnsion a great expence and delay to themfgJvcs, may he enabled to proceed in a more cafy and cheap method: be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the plaintiff or plaintiffs, upon notice first-given in writing of the cause of action to such person-cr persons so entered, cr left at his or their hft place cf rcfidcncc before such lifting, to file a common appearance in any action to be brought for cr upon account of any debt what-Vol. >;V1. "* ;S soever.

The ihirij-llire! Year of George III.

focvciy so as to entitle fitch plaintiff to proceed therein to judgment and otttl.iv.-rj-, and to have an execution thereupon, other than against the body or bodies of him or them so lifted as aforesaid; this act or any thing herein, or ar.y former law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXII. And be it enacted by die authority aforesaid, That from the passing of this act, no soldier being arrdled, or confined for debt in any prison, gaol, or other place, shall be entitled to any part of his pay from the day of such arrest or con-fmcmcnr, until the day of his return to the regiment, troop, or company to which he /hall-belong.

: LXIir. And be it further drafted by- the authority aforesaid, 'ih;.t if any high-constable, constable, beadle, or other officer or person whatsoever, who by virtue or colour of this act, fluill quarter or billet, or be employed in quuitcring or billeting any officers or soldiers, shall neglect or refuse to quarter or billet such officers or soldiers-v/hcu thereunto required, in such manner as isd-y tins aft directed, provided sufficient notice be given before the arrivid of such troeps, cr Avail receive, demand, contract, or agree for any Aim or sums of money, or any reward v/hntfo ever for or on account of excusing, or in order to excuse any person or person-: whatsoever from quartering or receiving into his, her, or their house or houses, any such officer or soldier 5 or in case any iftualler, or any other person liable by this act, to have any ollicer or soldier billeted or quartered-on him or her, Audi refuse to receive any such officer or soldier, or shall refuse to furnish or allow sufficient ami proper accommodation, according to the intention of this act, or utenfife to cook am] cat their viftunh to non-commissioned officers and soldiers so quartered or billeted on him or her as aforesaid, or fimll neglect or refuse to furnish good and sufficient (tabling for each horse so quartered On him or her as aforesaid, at the rate herein before mentioned, and shall be thereof convicted before one or more justice or justices of the peace of the county, city, or liberty within which such offence shall he committed, either by his own confession, or by the oath of one or more credible uitness ov witnesses, which oath the said justice or justices is and are hereby empowered to administer, every such high-constable, constable, beadle, or other officer cr person lb offending, shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of five pound?, or any Aim of money not exceeding five pounds, nor iefs than forty stil-sings, as the said justice or justices, before whom tire matter shall be heard. An! in -his or their diferction think fit, to be levied by distress and sale of the goods of the person so offending, by warrant under the hand and seal, or hands and seals of such iuillce or justices before whom such offender shall be convicted, or of one or more of them, to he directed to any other constable within the count)', city, or liberty, or to any of the overseers of the poor of the parish where such offender shall dwell; which laid sum of five pounds, or the said sum not exceeding five pounds, nor less than forty shillings, when levied, shall be applied in the first place in making such satisfaction to any foJdicr for the expence he may have been put to by reafen c: hi: not being billeted or quartered ns aforesaid, as such justice or justices ftiaU order and direct, and the remainder Avail be paid to the overseers of the poor of the parish wherein the offence Aiall be committed, or to forae one of them for the use of the poor of the said pr.rifli.

LXIV. And for the better preventing abuses in quartering or billeting the soldiers -in pursuance of this act: be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any one or more justice or justices of the peace within their respective counties, cities, cr liberties, by warrant, or order under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, at any time or times during the continuance of this act, to require and command any higb-constable, constable, beadle, or other officer who shall quarter or billet any soldiers in pursuance of this act, to «ive an account in writing unto the said justice or justices requiring the fame, of the 5 ' number

The thblj-third Year of George III. 62

lumber of officers anil soldiers who shall be quartered or billeted by them, r.nd-also /\, X),

the names of the house-keepers or persons upon whom every such officer cr schlier j i.

shall be quartered or billeted, together with an account of the llrctt or plate where CJiap, 1 6, every such house-keeper dwell',. and of the figr, if any, belonging to their houses, to the end that it may appear to the said justice. cr jullicvs wlicre such offieets and soldiers are quartered or billeted, and that he or they may thereby be better enabled to prevent or punish alt abuses in the quartering or billeting of them.

LXV. Provided ncvcuiieless, and it is hereby declared by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the thirty-full day of March, one thousatul l'even hundred and ninety-three, when and as often as any person or persons shall he cnHlled as a fohlier or soldiers in his Majesty's land service, lie and they shall within four days, but not sooner than twenty-four hours after such cnlifling respectively, be carried before the next justice of the peace of any county, city, or place, or chief magi (Irate of any city, or town-corporate, not being an officer in the army, and before such juflics or chief magistrate, he or they shall be at liberty to declare his or their dii*-lent to such cnlifling, and upon such declaration and returning the enlisting money, and also each person so difienting paying the sum of twenty shillings for the chargee expended or laid out upon him, such person or ersons so cnlifled, shall be forthwith dtlcharged and set at liberty in the presence of such justice or chief magistrate; but if such person or ersons shall refuse or neglect within the space of twenty- four hours tc return nnd pay such money as aforesaid, he or they shall be deemed and taken to be enlisted, as if be or they had given his or their after.t thereto before the said justice or chief magistrate; or if such person or persons shall declare his or their having voluntarily emitted himself cr themselves, then such justice or chief magistrate shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to certify under his hand, that such person or ersons is or are duly enlisted, setting forth the place of the birth, age, and calling of him or them respectively, if known, and that the Iccond and sixth fe£tions of the articles of war against mutiny and desertion were read to him or them, and that he or they had taken the oath mentioned in the said articles cf war; and if any such person or persons, so to be certified as duly enlisted, shall refuse to take the faiu oath of fidelity before the said justice cr chief magistrate, it shall and may be lawful for such ollicer from whom he has received such money as aforesaid, to detain or confine such person or persons, until he or they shall take the oath before required; and every military officer that shall act contrary hereto, cr offield herein, shall incur the like penalty and forfeiture, as is by this act to be iaflidted upon any officer for making a false and untrue mutter; and the penalty and forfeiture shall be levied and recovered in the same manner as any penalties and forfeitures are by this act to be levied or recovered.

LXVL. And be it further enacted by die authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall receive the enlisting money from any officer, knowing it to be such, and shall abscond, or refuse to go before such justice or chief magistrate, in order to declare his affient or dissent as aforesaid, such person or persons shall be deemed and taken to be enlisted to all intents and purposes whatsoever, and shall and may be proceeded against as if he or they had taken the oath directed by the said articles of war to be taken before such justice cr chief magistrate.

LXVII. And whereas it is necessary that accounts of the rccruiting service should be regularly transmitted: be it enacted, That every officer employed in the recruiting any regiment, troop/ cr company of his Majesty's forces serving in and belonging to the establishment of this kingdom, shall, and he is hereby directed and required every two months to make up and transrr.it, examined and certified by his commanding officer, if.rcTident in Ireland, (who in this case shall, and he is hereby directed and required to certify the fame) to the adjutant-general of his Majesty's forces, an abftmcl of the numbers recruited during the two preceding months, and 7 S 2 also

624 2"he -thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

a’f° to tniifiuit a copy of the said abstratt, together with a regular r.r.d esaci sc-I yg2* count of the expences which have attended the said service during the two preceding

Chap. I jj. months to the agent of the corps for which such officer ts recruiting respectively,

«—and on failure herein the officer through whose neglect such abstract and account, or a copy thereof, shall not have been transmitted to the adjutant-general, or to the agent of the corps respectively, shall be liable to be tried for such neglect by a general court-martial, and if convicted.shall be cashiered, or shall suffer such other pu-

nishment as by ftirh court-martial shall be awarded, and the commanding officer of the regiment, troop, or company in which such neglect shall be committed, shall, and lie is hereby directed and required to make a report thereof to Ida colonel, if in Ireland, who shall report the same to the commander in chief, or to the secretary to the chief governor or governors of this kingdom fer the time being, cr in his at-fence to the under secretary for the military department, in order that the officer so neglecting may be brought to trial for the same.

LXVIII. And be it enacted, That every pay-master of a regiment, troop, or company, of his Majesty's regular forces serving in and belonging to the dhblifhir.enr r>f this kingdom, flialh, and he is hereby directed and required to make out and transmit to the agent of such regiment, troop, or company, an account every two months of the exact fuhfistence a&unlly paid to effective officers and men, and of the broken periods arising from deaths, desertions, or discharges of men in the ccurfc of the said two months, and on the thiny-first day of March, and thirtieth day of September in tvtry year, the said paymaster. shall,-and he is hereby directed and required to make up, and within three months from each of the above periods to transmit to the f.iid agent the following accounts, that is to say, an acccunt of all the expences

which have attended the recruiting service of his Majesty's regular forces for the preceding six months, dilHnguishing the subsistcnccof recruits, levy money, and every other article of expence.under their several heads, an account of the poundage paid to the efiedUve men in the preceding six months, an account of hospital expences, travelling cxpciices of officers and horses before they join the troop or regiment, and all other leficr contingencies which are now or which his Majesty shall by any future regulations* under his royal sign manual direct to be allowed for the preceding six months, under their several heads, the said respective accounts to be examined and

certified by the commanding officer of each rufpettive corps, who shall, and he "is hereby directed and required to examine and certify the fame, and on failure herein, he paymaster, through whose neglect the said respective accounts shall-nct be tr.uifmiited as aforesaid, shall be liable to a trial for such neglect, by a general court-martial, and if convicted shall be cashiered, or shall fufler such other punish-ment as by such court-martial shall be awarded j and the commanding officer of the regiment, troop, or company, in which such neglect shall be committed, shall, and lie is hereby directed and required, to make a report thereof to his colonel (if in Ireland) who shall report the same to the commander in chief, or to the secretary to the chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, or in his ab-fciue, to the under secretary for the military department, in order that the officers

otTemii.ng may be brought to a trial for the same.

LXIX. And be it enacted, That from and after the thirty-full day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, the agent of every regiment, troop, and

K company of his Majesty's regular forces, foving in, - and belonging to the establifth-

ntent of this kingdom, shall, and they are hereby directcU and required, to make up an annual account of each regiment, troop, and company for the preceding year, ending the thiny-first day of March, the said accounts to be made up within six months after the expiration of the yerr, and in the said accounts the several impress or monies received, including the monies received for call herfes fold, and every other receipt which belong?, and ought to be brought to to the credit of the publick.

The thirij-third Year of George III.

]iik, in the recounts of the reflective corps, and the frv-ral disbursements or monies paid shall be properly distinguished under their several heads of service, the arrears due to the several officers, and the agency due to them upon the full pay of the comm'fiioned cfTictrs, nomcommifiior-ed officers, and private men of the several corps then and there to be charged, and the balance then {truck whi.h is due from the publick to the said regiment, troop, or company, and to transmit the fame within the said limited time, toguthtr with the said proper vouchers, agreeable to the pnfctit {landing regulations, or any future regulations which his Majesty (hull, wider his royal figu manual, direct to the office of the secretary to the chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, and on failure herein, or in any other of the regulations prescribed to the said agents by this act, the agent or agents so offending, shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds for every offence, to be recovered by any person or persons who Avail sue for the same; ami the secretary to the chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, shall* and he is hereby directed and required to examine and settle, or cause to be examined and f< tiled, the aforesaid annual accounts: provided always, That the same shall not extend, or be couflrued to extend, to discharge any agent or agents front making up, in the course of the year, fuqh account or accounts as the chief governor or governors of this kingdom, for the time being may have occasion for, or require; and any agent or agents refusing obedience to such requisition or rtq tifi-tiotis shall be liable to the penalty aforesaid.

LXX. And in order to prevent all doubts that may arise in relation to punishing crimes rind offences committed against a former act of Parliament for pur.iih-ing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all crimes and orie.'.ces which have been committed against the said act, ffi.il! and may, during the continuance of this present act, be enquired of, heard, tried, and determined, adjudged, and punished before, and by the like courts, persons, powers, authorities, ways, means, and methods, as the like crimes and offences committed against this act, may be enquired of, heard, tried, determined, adjudged, and punished; and the proceedings of a court-martial upon any trial begun under the authority of such former act, Avail not be discontinued by the expiration of the fame, but it shall be lawful to proceed to judgment upon such trial, and to carry such judgment into execution in the like manner, as if the proceedings had been commenced under the authority of this act.

LXXI. Provided always, That no person shall be liable to be tried and puniff-.t-d for any offence against the said act, which shall appear to have been committed more than three years before the issuing of the commillhii or warrant for such dial, except only for the offence of desertion.

LXXII. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid,- That the officers and persons-employed, or that shall be employed in the several trains of artillery, be at all times subject to all. penalties and punishments mentioned in this act, and shall in all respects whatsoever, l?c holden to be within the intent and meaning of every part of this act, during the continuance of the same.

LXXni. And whereas it may be expedient in certain cases, and particularly In such matters wherein any of his Majesty's marine forces may be imcrcfled, tlut the officers of the marine forces shall be aflbeiated with the oincers of thcjhmd forces for the purpose of holding courts-martial: be it enacted and declared, That when and as often as it may be necessary, it shall and may be lawful for officers of the land and marine forces to fit in conjunction upon courts-martial, and to proceed in the trial of any officer or fohlier of the land forces in like manner, to all intents and purposes, as if such courts-martial were competed of offi-Vol. XVI. 7 T cers

6zS

The shirty-th'trd Year of George III.

A. ccr$ of the !an<Horces only; and the officers of the land and marine forces sre

LXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be and continue in force within the realm nf Ireland, from the thirty, first day of March, one thous.md seven hundred and ninety-three, to tl.c ti;iv of March, one thousam! seven hundred and ninety-four, and no longer.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, certain Duties and Rates upon the Portage and Convey-Mttcc of all Letters and Packets within this Kingdom.

FOR the better support of your Majesty's government, and the convenience of trade; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with die advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons'in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred-and ninety-three, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thbufarid seven huiidred and ninety-four, tnelufive, and no longer, it shall and may be lawful to and for the post-master-general of this kingdom for the time being, and his deputy arid deputies, servants and agents, to and for the nfe of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to demand, have, receive, and take for the portage and conveyance of all letters and packets which he shall convey, carry or fend post, to and from places within this kingdom, according to the several rates and sums of money herein after'mentioned, that is to say, for the port and conveyance of every single letter or piece of paper, from the office in this kingdom, where such letter or;>piece of paper shall be put in, to any distance within the same not exceeding fifteen miles Irish measure, the sum of twopence; and to any distance exceeding-fifteen miles and not exceeding thirty miles, the sum of three pence; and to any distance exceeding thirty miles, the sum of four pence; and for the port or conveyance of every double letter, double the said sums respectively; and for every treble letter, treble the said.sums respectively; and for every ounce weight, four times the-feid sums respe&ivciy; and so in proportion for any greater weight than an ounce, reckoning every quarter of an ounce equal to a single letter; and that all letters and packets directed from any place in this kingdom to any part or parts in Great Britain, or beyond the seas, or received in this kingdom from Great Britain, or any part or parts beyond the seas, shall be charged and pay for their portage and conveyance within this kingdom, from or to Dublin, Waterford, or Donaghadce, or any other port where packet boats for the conveyance of letters to and from this kingdom, are or may be established, as they fnaU respectively be shipped from or landed in any of the said places, according to the rates aforesaid; and that every letter or packet passing through the general post office in the city of Dublin, from any place within this kingdom not less distant than four miles from the general post office in the said city, to any place within the said kingdom not less distant than four miles fresh the general post office in the said city, shall be charged and pay according to the dif- tances herein before mentioned to Dublin, and be further charged and pay according to the fame rates from Dublin; and that for every letter or packet directed on board, or brought or sent from on board any ship or veflsl riding or flopping in any

CHAP. XVII.

The thirty-third Year of George III. 627

port within this kingdom, there shall be charged and paid to his Majesty, his hciss A.D. mA successors, over and above t!ie rates aforesaid, die sum of one penny. 1 jq

U. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his M?.- (J|};,p j-

jetty’s post-master-geueral of this kingdom, and his deputies, and he and they arc ____'V_______

hereby required to demand and receive for the port and conveyance of all letters and packets for Ireland from Great Britain, or foreign parts, in addition to the rates of pottage hereby reserved, such further rates of portage as now arc or Jiorcaster shall be charged for the conveyance of such letters and packets by any act or r.cls now made, or hereafter to be made by the parliament of Great Britain; and that his Majesty's post-master-general of this kingdom shall, and he is hereby authorized and required to account for and pay the same quarterly to the revenue of the poA-ofhcc of Great Britain; and that there Avail be paid to his Majesty, Iris heirs and successors, foT the delivery of-every Britishi or foreign printed newspaper, and for every printed vote or proceeding in parliament, arriving at file general post-ollice in Dublin, Waterford, or Donagliadee, or 2ny other port, where such packet boats as aforesaid arc or shall be established, from Great Britain, without covers, or in covers open at the fides, the sum of one penny, over and above the portage which may fee charged thereon, and accounted for to Great Britain; and in -like manner there shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for the pore and conveyance, through this kingdom, of every printed newspaper directed from any part of Ireland to any part of Great Britain without covers, or in covers open at the fides, the sum of one penny, and no more, which sum of one penny shall be paid on the delivery of every such newspaper at the post-oflice from whence it shall he clifpntched in this kingdom.

III. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the post-master-general for die time being, and his deputies, from and after the twenty-fifth day oT March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four inclusive, and no longer, 10 demand, have, receive, and take for the Jiortage and conveyance of all letters and packets conveyed by the penny port, according to the several rates herein after mentioned; that is to say, that for the port and conveyance of any letter or packet, not being more than-four ounces in weight, from and to any place within the limits of the said city of Dublin, as the said limits are now described and ascertained by a survey thereof, made on the tenth day of July, one thousand seven hundred, and so venty-three, by Thomas Mathews, sworn surveyor of the said city of Dublin, there shall be paid at the time of putting such letter or packet hiro the penny post-oflice, the sum of one penny; and for the port and conveyance of every letter or packet not exceeding the like weight, fresh or to any place beyond the said limits so ascertained aforesaid, from or to any place within the circuit of the penny post-oflice, there Hull be paid at the time of putting in such letter or packet, the sum of one penny, tail a further sum of one penny on the delivery thereof; ami that for every letter or packet of any weight which shall be font 10 or delivered from the general penny post office by the penny port, from or to any place not being within the said limits as before ascertained, there shall be paid the sum of one penny over and above, and cvclusive of the foveral rates chargeable thereon.

IV, Anti be it enacted, That every bid oe exchange, merchant’s account, invoice, nr bill of lading, writ, process, or proceeding at l;\v, written upon the fame flieetor piece of paper with a Liter, and every letter to or from fevcrjl or dillinct persons, written upon the fame ihcct or piece of paper, fl.at* be rated, taxed, and paid for

so many fevers* or distimSt letters, according to the Mies established by this act, or hereafter to be established by any act to be passed ill tho kingdom relative to the portage of letters within the same.

V. And whereas patterns of cloth, fiik, fluff, and finall samples of other forts of poor’s, arc frequently cuJufed in a single letter or piece of paper, and sent by the

7 T 2 port:

62.8 Tie thirtj-dird Year of George III.

A.D.

pr'^: l)C CHafied, That for every Angle letter or cover endorsed on the eutfide j yQ " p-iltcrm," containing one cr mpre paper or papers wish patterns, or containing

Cinp I" C1'C 01 mnre rattcni or patterns of cloth, fiik, or fluff', or one or more samplc or l’amplt^ of any other feu cf good?, and containing no other writing, matter, or tiring, save only what appertains to such patterns or fainp]e;i, if llie fume together do hot exceed one ounce weight, the rates payable for a double letter by this act, or by any act to be passed in this kingdom, relative to the portage of letters within the fijr.c, ffi.ill beprffil, and no more,

VI. And be it enacted, That the post-niafter-general for the time being, shall cause an account to be kept of all monies arising to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by virtue of this, aft.

VII. And be it enacted, That the net revenue and monies arising by the rates and duties hereby granted to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, after paying all charges, out-goings, diihurfcments, expences and salaries necessary for the receipt and mail,gement of the fame.} and.all expences attending the said office, and the due execution of this act, shall be paid into his Majesty's exchequer in this kingdom, in such manner, and at such time and times as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, or the lerd lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being Audi direct and appoint.

VIII. And be it enacted, That in case the -post-mnfter-general, or any person concerned in the execution of this act, shall neglect or refuse to perform any matter or thing whatsoever according to the true intent and.meaning of tins aft, or if they or any of them, or any other officer employed by virtue of this act, shall embezzle, divert or misapply any of the monies by them, or any of them collected or received by virtue of this act, contrary >to the true meaning thereof, then and in every such case every person so offending, shall forfeit His office, and he incapable to serve his Majesty, his heirs or successors, in any office or place of trust or profit, and fliiill be liable for every such offence tQ'pny treble the sum so embezzled, divert- ed, or misapplied.

IX. And be it enacted, That neither the six pence per pound, >nor any other fee shall be payable to, or he deducted or received by the vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, receiver, or paymafttr-general, clerk of the pells, or any other officer or officers of this kingdom, to his or their.use, for cr on account of the issuing or payment of any sum or turns of money nrifing by, cr which shall be received for or on account cf

the aids hereby granted to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, or of any payment to be made in pursuance of this act, but that the same shall be accounted for to his Majesty, his heirs and successors.

X. And be it enacted, That no letters or packets fer.t by the poll to or from any place or places whatsoever, shall be exempted from paying the duty of pottage according to the rates established by this act, other than and except such letters ami packets as are herein after excepted, and in such manner, and under such refiric-tions as are herein after declared and enacted concerning the same; that is to lay, all letters-and packets not exceeding the weight of two ounces, and not coming from any foreign place or parts beyond the seas, and sent from and to any place or places within this kingdom during the fitting of any session of parliament, or within forty days before or forty days’after any summons *or prorogation of the fame, which shall be signed on the outside thereof by any member of either of the two houses of parliament in this kingdom, and whereof the whole superfcnption shall be of the hand-writing of such members, and shall have endorsed thereon in the fame hand-writing, and Gn the same side with such superfcnption and signature, the month and the day of the month and year when the same shall be put into any post office of this kingdom, to be forwarded by the post, the day and month to he

4 m

The thirty-third Year of George III. 629

\n words "t length} and fl:.d! ah'o have endowed thereon in the fame h.uiTwr.ung, A.

the name of the polt-tr.wn from which the finite is unaided to he sent. I jq i,

XI. Provided always, That no such letter or packet flic.il pass free of the duty of Cllt’p. I 7. pnflage, unless the member directing - the fame stir.il have actually been in the pe ll-

lawn, or within the diiirict or delivery cf iV.eh post-town where such letters or rackets shall be p".: in, to be forwarded by post on the day of the date fupcrscribed on such letter or packer; and also except all letters and packets net exceeding the like weight, which shall during the fitting of any session of parliament, cr within forty days before, or forty days after any summens or prorogation of the finite, he directed from any place in this kingdom, to any member of either house of the parliament of this kingdom, at the place where he Audi actually be at the time of the delivery thereof, or at any of his usual places of rcfidcncc, or at the house of parliament of which he is a member*, also all letters ai-.cl packets from and to any pb.ee within this kingdom, directed to his Majesty's lieutenant general, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, the lord high chancellor, his Majesty's adjutant general for the time being in this kingdom, his Majesty's principal secretary of flite for this kingdom, the chief secretary of such lieutenant general, or-other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, the secretary for the provinces of Ulster and Munster, the under secretary and first. clerk for the civil department in the said chief secretary’s office, the under secretary and first clerk for the military department of the office of such chief secretary, or to his Majesty's postmaster-gcr.cr.il of this kingdom, the secretary of the said gcncrJ-post office, the comptroller of the sorting office in the said general poll-office, and the surveyors of the fail! poll-office, all for the time being, and all letters and packets sent by any of the said officers for the time being, from and to any place within this kingdom, which shall relate to the business of their respective offices, or their own private concerns only, and shall be signed, superferibed and dated on the outside of such letters as afoarefatd *, and in case any such officer shall receive under cover to him, with intent to evade the payment of any of the rates granted by this act, any letters or packets intended for, or directed to oilier persons, every such officer is hereby authorized and required to fend the same to the general post-o/fice in Dublin, in order that such fetters and packets may he charged with the duty of pottage payable thereon; it being the true intent and meaning of this act, that the privilege of sending and receiving letters and packets by such officers, shall extend to such letters and packets only as relate to the business of their respective offices, or their own immediate end private concerns} and also, except letters and packets sent from the general poll-office in Dublin, and which shall appear by an endorse-ment made thereupon by some person or ersons (not exceeding two in number) authorized under the hand and.seal of the post-master-gener.il of this kingdom for the time being, to be on his Majesty's service, and shall be sealed with the fe.il of the said general poll-office} which person or persons aTC hereby strictiy forbid so to endorse and seal any letter or packet whatsoever, unless such only concerning which they faall receive the special directions of their superior officer, or which they shall themselves know to concern the business of the post-ojfice; and if any person or persons authorized as aforesaid, under the hand and seal of the said pofl-mailer-general, shall knowingly make and fuoferibe such endorsement, or procure the same to be made on any letter or packet which dees net really concern the business cf l. v said general poll-office, he shall for the first offence forfeit and pay the fern of five pounds, and for the second offence fl.a!l be dtfmifled from ids office.

XII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the clcik of the parliaments, and clerk of the house of commons for the time being, shall and may respectively from and after the paflisg of this act, receive letters and packets free from the duty of postage.

Vcl.XYJ. 7 V

o.»

The thirty-third Tea; if George III.

A.D. 179.;-Cl1;,p. 17.

XIII. And be it enacted, That all ccvers cor.rs’i.inf r.-uficr: fT<ir.\ its fren the

otst-pensioners of the roynj hofpkal, r.r.t! fern fieri any place within this kingd- m, directed to tly: vegifter i the said l.ofoital, f.zJI be t ciiverctl to the f;.id register free of the duty of pottage, protided that every f;ch cover shall be ttnfcnled, end shall contain r.o other enclosure five and except 1! c said mutter aflid.-viis; and that ail printed receipts h r t!:e pay of such out-pcafioners made up *. a letter or cover of a letter, a~*l directed with the* words, t*> oul-penftGKcr of the

rsjal hfpltnl, being printed thereon, and sealed with die seal of the paytr.after of the royal hospital, shall in like manner be delivered free of pottage to such out-pensioners within this kingdom, to whom they shall be respectively directed, provided Ann printed receipts shall not contain any enclosure \ and if any such receipt, cover, or mutter affidavit, shall he found to contain any cnclosure whatsoever, contrary 10 the true intent and meaning of this act, then and in that case, every' such receipt made up as a cover or letter, and every Audi cover or mutter affidavit shall be charged and liable to treble the duty of pottage, according to the Tates establishcri by this act, any thing herein contained to the contrary in-any wise notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawfijl to and for certain rcr-fons, who, by virtue of their respective offices in Great Britain, have heretofore fei t or received letters and packet, free from the -duty of pottage by virtue of or under any act or acts of the Britishi parliament, to fend anti receive by the pest, letters and packets from Great Britain to any part of Ireland, or from any partef Belaud to Great Britain, free from t!:e duty of pottage, subject neverlhelcfs to such limitations and restrictions as persons in rids kingdom, who by virtue of their employments or offices, -ire permitted to fcrnl and receive Jotters and packets free of pottage, arc subject and liable to by this act.

XV. And whereas frauds may be practised in fending covers, letters, and packets by port directed to members cf parliament and other persons privileged by this act, to receive letters and packets nee of the duty of pottage, containing letters ami packets intended for others, and not intended for such members or other persons to whom such covers, letters, and packets are so directed, whereby die persons for whom such letters and packets are really intended, may receive such covers, letters, and packets free from the duty of pottage, to the injury of the revenue for remedy whereof, be it enacted, That k shall and may be lawful to and for the said pott-master-gcneval, and all persons acting under this act, to charge the whole of such covers, letters, and packets, with treble die duty of pottage, according to the rates cttablished by this act, any diing herein contained to the com traiy notwithstanding.

XVI. Provided always, That if It shall appear by the certificate of such member, t*hat such cover, letter, or packet, <b charged, was actually intended for such. member, or for some of his family, and not covering 3 corrcfponder.ee to any person not resident in his heuse, that then and in every such case, the pottage so charged and paid for every such letter, cover, or packet, shall be returned to such member.

XVII. Provided always, ami bfc it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to charge with the duty of peftage any printed votes or proceedings in parliament, or printed newspapers being sent by the poll without covers, or in covers open at the tides, which shall be signed on the outlhie thereof by any member cf parliament in this kingdom, or which shall be directed to any such member at any place within this kingdom, whereof he shall have given notice in writing to tl c port-master-general of Ireland, or which shall be sent by certain officers in the office of his Majesty's post-matter-general, who shall fee thereunto licensed by tlx said post-master-general respectively, but that' all such votes, proceedings in parliament, and printed newspapers so sent and signed as aforettud, shall be received free of the duty of pottage.

4

The thirty-third Year of George III. C

XVIII. Provided nevertheless, That no such printed newspaper shall pass free of A.D. p'lhjc from the general post-oflice pursuant to any such notice, or from any ether > -y j'c(l-o!l'.cc in this kingdom, uv.Xfs such newspapyr shall be pvt Into such yost-r-ff.ct s g., f nfoecVnclr, two hours at the lead before the time of the post Icing dispatched — therefrom.

XIX. And be it enacted, That it shall and mr.v be ljv/ful to and for his Majesty's j/nt-maficr-general of this kingdom, or any of the officers employed under hi:to examine and search any packet ferst without a cover, or in a cover open at the fines, in order to discover whether any letter or ether p: per or thing whatsoever be cn-ciofed or concealed in or with such pi in ted votes, proceedings, or printed ncv.'spa-pers, and in order to discover whether such printed newspapers findl have been duly stamped , and in case any letter or paper, or thing whatsoevev shall be found to beenclosed, written, 'Or concealed in, on, or with such printed votes, proceedings in parliament, or newspapers as aforesaid; or in case there shall he any writing othei (bn the superscription of such printed votes, proceedings, or newspapen-, or any of (hem, or «on or in the‘Cover thereof, the whole of such p icket Audi he charged with treble the duty of postage by this act imposed; and in case any such newsp.’.per si all appear not -to have been duly fbmped, every such officer is hereby acquired to flop the fame, and fend it to tire commissionera of the {bmp duties at their office in the city of Dublin.

XX. And be it enacted, That if any psrfon or psifons whomsoever within this kingdom, shall forge or-counterfeit the foal or hand-writing, or make use of the tumc of any person whomsoever in the fupcrscription of any letter or packet -to be fertt by the poll, m ‘Order to avoid the payment -of the duty ofpfcfiHgc; or shall lerre, counterfeit, or alter; or shall procure to be forged, counterfeited, or shored, die date, place, or any other part of the fupcrscription of any such letter or jacket,

*r shall write, -or cr.use to he written or sent by the port any letter or packet, the fu perfeription, or any part whereof, shall be forged, counterfeited, or altered, ih crd*.r (0 avoid tllC payment of - the duty of postage, knowing the fame -to he forged, counterfeited, or altered; or if any person or persons within this kingdom shall forge, or counterfeit, or alter, or procure to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, any certificate of any member of either house of the parliament of this kingdom, or of airy other person entitled to the privilege -of fending letters free of the duty of postage, in ordcj to have the postage charged upon any cover, letter, or packet refunded every person so offending, being thereof duly convicted, (Juill for tite first offence forfeit Ac sum of fifty pounds 5 and for the second offence, the sum of one hundred pounds; and for the third offence, shall -be -deemed guilty of felony, and fl ail be tr.mfoorted For (even years; and that at shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty’s poftmnflfT-general of -this kingdom, and his deputies, and all persons acting under this ndt, to charge any letter or packet, the fupcrscription whereof* or any part whereof l! all appear 10 lie forged or counterfeited, or altered, with treble the duly of postage payable by virtue of this act; which duty shall be levied and priil, unless the member -of either house of parliament, or other privileged person vliofc fupcrscription it imports to be, shall certify by writing under his hand to the poftnufter-geiieralj or his deputies, that such fupcrscription and every part thereof is of his hand-writing.

XXI. And lx. it enabled, That if any collector or receiver, ferryman, or other person v.hatsoever, appointed or intruded, or employed to take or receive the lolls-or rates at any turnpike-gate or bar eroded upon any highways, bridges, or post-mnds, or at any ferry, or any person who has or shall have the cate of any gate of my walled town, or the custody of the keys of such gate shall demand and t. ke any toll cr rate for the coachman, prdl-boy, express-boy, or rider, guard, servant, or o’her yerfen, herfes cr carriages conveyhig, or employed to carry any mail ci bag of letters 7 U 2 - in

A.D. 1793.Clnp. 17

The thirty-third Year of George III.

in thii kir.giicni, puffing through, over, or acrefs the fame, or foal] net pern.it ;.rj fuller the korfes ami carriages, together with the cor.cl.nmn, pofi-boy, c> prcislcv, or rider, guards, servants, J oilier persons io employed to pass through such ufi-gates, bars, or gates, and acrofu fitch ferries without delay; cr if any fern man shall not within the space of fifteen minutes after demand made, in all r.oiliMe Cuffs Cot'Aty the coachman, poll-boy, cxprdVboy, rider, guard, fvrvant, and ether perform, tc^.-ther with the horses and carriages employed as aforesaid, across such ferry to lit: uhd hmling-place; or if any person having die care of any gate 0? a walled town, or the custody of the keys of such gate, shall not within a quarter of aa hour after .!*-mand made aloud at such gate, open the fame, and admit the coachman, poll-ltv, express-hoy, rider, guard, servant, or other personss, together with the horses and carriages empioyed as aforesaid, such offender or offenders being convicted thereof by the oath of such coachman, poll-boy, express-boy, or rider, or other credible v.-t-ness or witnesses,before any justice of the peace within the district wherein such offence shall be committed, which oath every justice is hereby authorized ami required to sJ-minister, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of twenty /hiilings, to be jwJ to the informer} and if the same shall not be forthwith paid upon such conviction, it shall and may be lawful for every such justice, and he is hereby required to commit ti c offender to the house of correction, there to remain until the said penalty or forfeiture shall be paid, or for any time not exceeding the space of twenty-one days, nor Icfs than fourteen days from the time of commitment, unless such penalty or forfeiture shall k sooner paid.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the postmaster-general shall cause an account to be kept of all tolls payable on four-wheeled carriages carrying or travelling with his Majesty's mails at die several and respCvtive turnpike gates through which the same shall pass, and shall from time to time cause die amount thereof u be paid to the treasurers of the turnpike roads to whom the same are respctfive’y payable, by four quarterly payments, any law or usage to the contrary noiwith* ‘ /landing.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the clauses, provisocs, powers, privileges, disabilities, penalties, forfeitures, and modes for the recovery of the fame matters and things contained in an act made in the twenty-third and twenty, fourth years of his Majesty's reign, touching the said general post-oflice, and the said office, called the penny poll-office, entitled, An act for efablifing a offict within this kingdom, and not herein, or by any other act passed in this kingdom, altered, amended, or repealed, shall be applied and extended, and shall be conllnicd to apply and extend to this present act, as fully and cffc&ually to all intents and purposes as if the fame had been particularly repeated and rc-cna£led in this prefect itft.

3

CHAP.

The 'thirty-third Year of George III.

CHAP. XVIII.

An Act to prevent Insurance of Lottery Tickets, to regulate the Drawing of Lotteries, and to amend the Laws respecting the same.

IN order to prevent insurance of lottery tickets, and to regulate the drawing of lotteries,'and to render the laws to prevent unlawful lotteries, and for the regulation of offices for the sale of lottery tickets more effectual; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiri-tttal and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, no person Hull publickly or privately set up, exercise, keep, or open by himself, herself, or any other person or persons, any office or place for buying, felling, registering, examining, giving, or otherwise dealing in tickets or chances, or shares thereof, or in the number or numbers of any ticket or tickets in any frith or Britishi lottery whatsoever; or shall sell or dispose of at any one time, any single ticket, or any number of tickets in any lottery, less than ten such lottery tickets; or shall by writing or printing publish the setting up, or uling of any such office or place, without having taken out a license for that purpose, under the hands and seals of two or more of the managers and directors of lotteries in this kingdom for the time being; which license shall continue fn force for one year, from the twenty-fifth clay of March preceding the granting of Inch license, and no longer, nr until ten days after the end of the drawing of any Irish or British lottery established by law which shall have begun to be drawn before the said day, and shall not then be linished, and no longer.

II. And be it enacted, That every such license shall let forth the true name or names, and place or places of abode of the person or persons taking out the fame, and also the place where such huliness or dealing shall he carried on, and no one license which shall be granted by virtue of this abb, shall authorize or empower any person or persons to whom the same shall be granted, to buy, fell, register, t or otherwise deal in any tickets or chances, or shares thereof, or in the number or numbers of any ticket or tickets in any lottery whatever, in any other heuse or place, than such one house or place as shall be expressed in such license.

Vol. XVI. ? X

5

[Preamble.]

Fr«M»i j ft

May 17^3, no person to set up any lottery office,

or dispose of Itfs than 10 tickets,

or publish the felting up of any such of* fice, &c. without a license 5 license in forceyear from Mar. preceding, or 10 days after the drawing.

What I he license shall set forth;

license not of force but in the house therein expressed.

IH. And

634 ‘fix thirty-third ear of George III.

A.D.

III. And be it enacted, That no such license as aforesaid, shall be ,1793- granted to any person or persons, unless at the time of granting iudi Chap. 18. i;cen|'e ;t j]iaj| appear to the said commissioners of the lottery, by a 2DO lidtC'S certificate from the officer for the time being, appointed for stamping rd^k-fortf11* diarcs of lottery tickets, that such person or persons hath, or have

l.ai.iy pi am- deposited with such officer for (tamping shares of lottery tickets, not

ccl, if III jii ‘

tilth lottery, less than two hundred lottery tickets, if such tickets be tickets 111 an ktudui'csi'1 Irish lottery, to be divided in such shares as the person or persons depositing the same shall require, agreeably to the regulations herein for dividing tickets into Iharcs-; and if such person or persons require its like for il license for keeping more than one lottery office, he, (lie, or they rack oihce; shall jn |i].c manner, deposite with the officer or officers for stamping shares, not lei’s than two hundred tickets in any Irish lottery, for each such office, for the keeping of which he, (lie, or they, shall re- ceuiiieate quire a license; and such officer shall not give more than‘one certifier cate, for any one deposite.

IV. And be it enacted, That no such license which shall have been

Iiiiised'm'ifie2 £,:in(cdt0 any person or persons (iiall be valid, unless he, (lie, or

baakkr «iii they shall have deposited in the hank of Ireland, the sum of five

ill tviv. inL hundred pounds in money, or government securities, for each and

such year, to every license. on or before the first day of November, in the year remain one /9J ‘

munth after for which such license is granted, thereto remain until one month Kifc'r ° after the expiration of the license to such person; and if no'suit, if no prnf-cu Pr°locution, or proceeding for recovery of any penalty or forfeiture timi within on account of any offence against this act, shall be commenced with-Ut|mi'no tube hi or before such month, then the person or persons who so depo-Kturoed; flted the said sum, shall berepaid the fame; but in case that any such in case of pm- suit or prosecution be commenced, and that the person filed or pro-un'vi'ahni'!'1 fecuted shall be convicted of the offence, then the money so depofu-penaliy to he or f0 much thereof as the penalty or penalties to which the per-ilcpofitc. son or persons convicted shall be subject, shall amount unto, shall be paid in the same manner, as the fame would be in case such pe- nalty or penalties had been levied under such conviction.

V. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons to whom wiicnpofon any such license as aforesaid shall be granted, shall be convicted of any" fcof any-offence against this act, or any other ad then in force, relative asainii any . to the-regulation of lotteries, or sale of lottery tickets, such license lottery aii. /^h |je forfeited, and from thenceforth the same shall be void; and the said managers and directors if they shall think fit, may refuse to grant to the person or persons convicted, a license in fu-..ture.

All books

VI. And be it enacted, That every numerical or other book, tcUo Mhc"' -keptor used by any person licensedto deal in lottery tickets, for the purpose

The thirty-third Year of George III. 635

purpose of entering therein the event of the drawing, or fate or limes A.D. of drawing the tickets in any lottery, shall he signed on the first 1793* and last pages thereof, by the person or persons licensed to deal in lottery tickets, in whose office fucirbook shall be kept or tifetl, with fate of tick-his or their name and lhrname, or names and fttrnames, and court- 7lsood on full ter-signed by any two of the managers and directors ofluch lottery, tvho are hereby required to connter-sign two such books, amino i->. rvn, ana more, for each licensed office; and if any person or persons shall J L't'ter'T^ keep or make any entry in, or otherwise make use of any such hook not signed and countcrsigned in manner aforesaid, every such per- penalty on (bn for every such offence, shall forfeit and pay the sum of one uih'gTudT hundred pounds, and such book or books shall and may be seized, ""'j and carried away by any magistrate, or by his order. anti lwok.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every person who shall prlf,n, |j. be liconfed to buy, fell, or otherwise deal in tickets, or to register confc.i to h«e the number of tickets, shall cause his, her, or their name or names, &e. upon or and surname or surnames, and the words " licensed to deal in lot- '"uJjrr,tt','|r tery tickets," to be written or expressed in legible characters, upon front. P<-or near the door in the front of his, her, or their office, (hop, or other place for felling of tickets, to denote that such person or persons is, or are a dealer or dealers in lottery tickets, and liable to take out a license; and if any person or persons shall fell, or deal in such lottery tickets as aforesaid, without complying with the fai,d provision, he, flic, or they, so offending, shall for every day on which such offence shall be committed, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds.

VIII. And be it enacted, That no person shall fell any smaller N ti) share or shares in any ticket or tickets in any Irish or British lottery, f‘!|. orpm-than one-sixteenth part or share only, or shall publish any prqposals(|tfs than for felling any smaller share or shares of any ticket or tickets in any uf a such lottery, than one-sixteenth, or shall fell or publiili any proposal l)or an)r (j,arc> for felling any ticket, share, or chance, which shall not entitle the purchaser or holder thereof, to an equal proportion of every prize to mi equal in the lottery, to which such ticket.shall belong; and that every ^"i’y'priz";f person who shall offend in any of the said matters, shall forfeit and penalty icol. pay for every such offence, the sum of one hundred pounds, and rli^TcTvoij! every such Tale and contract,- and every agreement relating thereto,

shall be, and is hereby declared null and void.

IX. And be it enacted, That no office or place kept by any per- offices not ion so licensed as aforesaid, shall be opened for any of the said pur- ["

poses, or for the transaction of any business relating to such lottery morning, nor cr lotteries as aforesaid, before the hour of sevenof the dock in the c»nii!g, ex-morning, nor.after the hour of ten of the clock in the evening, except "rt

7X2

ing before

On drawing;

636 The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

on the evening of the day preceding the drawing of such lottery or 1793- lotteries respectively; and that such limitation or restriction in point Chap. 18 of time, shall he inferred in every such license; and in case of any such riftric- breach of such restrictiyn, such license shall be forfeited, and shall SSST and may be revoked by any two or mere of the managers and ili-ou Intnch of rectors for the time being, and no new liccnle shall be granted to, or 0.111 ticcnfc for the benefit of the same person or persons directly or indirectly, not^wli’c^'r' ‘"or keeping any office or place, for any of the purposes aforesaid.

10 be granted. X. And the more effectually to prevent frauds and abides in the rickets felling of lottery tickets in shares or chances; be it enacted, that intrmicd to each and every ticket in any'lottery or lotteries, before it be divided in he Hepofit- into, or fold in shares or chances, shall be brought to the office effa-til as hete.n. for receiving tickets deposited for the purpose of being divided

into shares, and shall be there deposited and left'with the officer or officers for the time being, appointed for Ramping or marking shares of tickets, who are hereby authorized and required to receive the same.

Hmv iick-

XI. And be it enacted, That such officer or officers, or his or their n^mpcii^nmt dePuty or deputies, shall and is, and are hereby authorised and re-nwiitjiiyiiie quired, to statnp and mark each and every share or shares, of each . ° ver' and every such ticket so deposited as aforesaid, with some flourish or device, and that such officer or officers, or iiis or their deputy or deputies, Upon the receipt of every such ticket, or any number of tickets for the purpose aforesaid, shall give a receipt or receipts to the holder or proprietor of such ticket or tickets, to be lhared or divided in writing for the fame, in the form following, that is to say,

V«rm i f RCCC!'ve/i the day of one thousand

n iiipis in lie seven hundred and a ticket in the present lottery,

iTr'ror thai- number -which is divided into shares or

«5 tickets, chances,pursuant to an act of parliament made in the thirty-third year of the reign of King George the third, entitled " An act to prevent insurance of lottery tickets, to regulate the draining of lotteries, and to amend the laws respeEling the fame," which fat’d ticket now. remains and is in my custody, in pursuance of the said act.

T.

XII. And be it enacted, That every such ticket as shall he so

remain with deposited in the said office, and shall he divided into shares or chances ilnyt'after pursuant to this act, shall remain and continue in the custody and tbawing of possession of such officer or officers as aforesaid, until the expiration in be returned of ten days next after the end of the drawing of such lottery or entered!'"1 lotteries respectively, and that on the expiration of ten days next after the end of the drawing of such lottery or lotteries respectively, ' such

Tie thlrty-thh-d Year of George III. 637

j'lch ticket shall be returned to the owner or owners thereof, hir, A.D. iier, or their agent or agents, assignee or assignees, upon producing l79.5-the fail] officers said receipt for the fame; provided that no caveat shall have been entered with such officer by any proprietor of, or in any share.issued on. such ticket.

XIII. And be it enacted, That a book or books flutii be kept

lyKiizi to Tic

by such officer or officers as aforesaid, who shall truly and fairly k.-i.i by ..:n-

enter and register in such book or books, the number of each and every ticket which shall be loas aforesaid deposited.in the said office f;»-itc<ifurij.

for the purpose aforesaid, together with the name or names of the person or persons who shall Jo leave and depobte the fame for the

purposes aforesaid, and also the number of shares or chances into which such ticket shall be so divided, which book or books any person shall and may from time to time, and at all reasonable times

resort to, and inspect on payment of the ium of one penny to such

officer or officers as aforesaid.

XIV. And be it enacted, That upon the leaving and depofning of ,j f.,cicll any ticket in such lottery or lotteries as aforesaid, at or in the said

office with such officer or officers as aforesaid, for the purposes afore- ccr, ,« ,.r litid, the person or persons who shall so leave and deposite the shall pay to such officer or officers as aforesaid, for each and every P"-'4-iltare or chance into which each and every such ticket in such lottery or lotteries shall be divided by such officer or officers as aFore-said, the sum of two pence; and that with the monies arising from such fee, such officer or officers as aforesaid, shall bear and pay all such incident charges and expences as shall or may attend the receipt, entry, and taking care of all such tickets as shall be brought to, and deposited in the said office for the purposes aforesaid, and all other expences attendant on the said office.

XV. And be it enacted, That such officeror officers as aforesaid, shall not stamp any share or chance of a ticket, which shall not be in the form following,

No.

Fn’m of

JflfJl ilia retrain!

-chancea.

or :htUry for the year British

The bearer will be entitled to the proportion of such beneficial chance as fall belong to the ticket numbered as above, according to the schemeprinted on the bach hereof, in the above mentioned -lottery, to be drawn in Ireland

or which ticket has been depofiled with

Great Britain,

V om. XVI. 7Y

the

638

A.D. 1793.

Chap. 18.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

the officer appointed for flamping arid marking Jharcs and chances of lottery tickets.

Lottery Office, No. Street.

And upon the back of which there shall not be printed the scherae of the proportion of the benefits, which shall a rife on such share or chance, if the ticket, the number of which shall be mentioned in such (have or chance, Avail prove fortunate, and such officer or officers shall not (lamp a greater number of shares or chances depending upon any one ticket, than shall altogether be equal to the whole of such ticket, or to any benefit which shall belong thereto, nor any share of a ticket, or to any benefit which shall belong-thereto, nor any share of a ticket or chance which shall be less than one-sixteenth part in value of such benefit as may belong to such ticket; nor unless the original ticket which shall be so divided, be deposited with him as aforesaid, and such share or chance shall be signed by the person licensed to iffiic the fame; and if any ticket importing to be a share of a ticket, or a chance depending upon any ticket in any lottery, shall be made out otherwise than as aforesaid, and under and subject to the regulations aforesaid, by any person or persons, the fame is hereby declared void, and the person or persons who shall iffiic the fame, or sell or expose the same to sale, or shall print or publish any scheme, or.proposa! foriffuing the fame, shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds for every such offence; and if such person or persons be licensed, the iicenfe to him, her, or them granted shall, from the time of his, her, or their conviction of such offence, he null and void.

XVI. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons shall forge forpe! "rain'll or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, uituiging, or shall willingly act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting any

Scheme printed on back of iharc,

officer not to A,imp more flinres for I ticket than equal to the whole; nor less than i-iGtli;

ticket to be

deposited;

chance to be finned {

tliaies other* wife made out, void;

?Malty on iluinp, or propnfing to tiTtitf fame iool. and License void.

&c. any ticket) Iharc* or chance

er make alteration, or dispose of any such knowingly 5

r take any ticket or nmnlu out of the wVcl, or tflirt il ere :n, deemed felons.

ticket or tickets, share or shares, chance or chances of any ticket or tickets, signed, divided, made and delivered out as by this act is directed, or alter any number, figure, word or stamp therein or thereon, or utter, vend, barter or dispose of any such forged, counterfeited, or altered ticket or tickets, share or shares, chance or chances of any ticket or tickets, or shall bring any such forged pr counterfeited share or shares, chance or chances, the (lamp whereof, or any figure or word therein shall have been altered, knowing the same to be such, to any person or persons with a fraudulent intention, or shall embezzle or fraudulently take out of the wheel or wheels any ticket or tickets, number or numbers of, or belonging to any Irish (late lottery, or shall willingly aid, abet, assist, hire or procure any person or persons to commit any such offence as aforesaid, then and in every such case, all and every such person or persons so offending, a shall

The thirty-third Year of George III.

shall be deemed a felon and felons, ana shall suffer death without benefit of clergy.

XVII. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons shall fell, register, examine, or otherwise deal in any lottery ticlrcts, or any (hares-or chances of tickets, or set up, exercise, or keep any office or place for buying, felling, registering, examining, or otherwise dealing in any tickets or chances, or parts or .{hares thereof, or in the number or numbers of any ticket or tickets in any lottery, or shall by writing or printing, publish the setting up, or tiling of any fitch office or place, or shall fell any ticket or {hare of a ticket, or register or examine any ticket, or the number of any ticket in any lottery without such license as aforesaid; or if any person shall ail as a servant, clerk, agent, or otherwise, in any such office or place, for the keeping of which such license as aforesaid shall not have been granted; or shall not remain of force, every such person for each and every such offence, shall respectively forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.; and every such person upon the view of any magistrate, or being thereof convicted by the oath of any credible witness,before any magistrate, shall by warrant under the hand and Teal of such magistrate, be committed to gaol, there to remain for such time not exceeding twelve months, nor less than six months, as such magistrate shall think proper, and until he or she shall have paid the said sum of one hundred pounds, and all hooks and papers relating to any 'lottery, which shall be found in any such office, for the keeping of which such license as aforesaid shall not have been granted, or shall have been forfeited or withdrawn, shall and may be seized and carried away by any such magistrate, or by his order.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons shall set up, or shall by writing or printing publish the setting up of any unlawful lottery, or any lottery, except a lottcry established, or to be estabilshed, by law in this kingdom, or in Great Britain, or shall in any manner enter into, or publish any undertaking tending to form any scheme resembling a lottery, or in the nature of a lottery, under any denomination whatsoever, on the foot of any Irish or British state lottery, or other lottery, or in any fort referring thereto, Of depending or founded thereon, or shall fell, procure, or deliver any ticket, receipt, chance, or number; in or belonging to any pretended lottery, or other lottery, except an Irish or British state lottery as aforesaid, or in or belonging to any class, part, or division of any lottery; save as aforesaid, or belonging to any undertaking cr scheme in the nature or resemblance of a lottery, or (LaU procure or deliver any ticket, receipt, chance or number,-in or belonging to

7 Y 2 any

or any person acting »5 ft r-v;nit, fit'll:* fcc. wlieic no lioMife pranl-

cd. ot not t>f lorce, fii.tll

foifcil I col# upon view of magiiltHtc, or oaili of t citd l>!e ivit-ntfs, committal to p.wl for from 6 to 12 months, ami until tool. |muJ

am! ail book*, and papers relating to lot* teiy, k-iztd.

Any perlert setting tip, or publiiliinij to set up any lottery, or resemblance of a lottery, except a lottery clMdish-rd by law in G. hiiuin, or Ireland, or in any wile offending as haem, shall lu.kit 2Zv\,

4)4°

A.D. 1793. Chap. 18

P«*»aVy no 'kfCiNn* any office, or publtfiing ar.y fcltcme 01 propoii.1 for receiving money fr r iefe -etsor choice*, of.which such

pvfon ffinH not be poffif-nr felling a nua'enium* berof chances than the con* ilitucnt parts, or edict w.Te offendinc a* hifcin,ioo].

The thirty-third Year of George IK.

any duplicate or pretended duplicate, or resemblance of any lottery, or any undertaking or scheme whatsoever, in the nature of a lottery, or shall receive or cause to be received, any money or other confideTation for any such unlawful ticker, receipt, chance or number, or for or in consideration of any money or other reward, to he repaid in case any ticket or tickets, number or numbers of or in any such undertaking or scheme in the nature or resemblance of a lottery as aforesaid shall prove fortunate; and if any person or persons shall make, print, advertize or publish, or cause to be made, printed, advertised or published, any proposal or proposals, scheme or schemes, for advancing small sums of money by several :persons, amounting in the whole to large sums, to be divided amongst them by chances of the prizes in any lottery establiflted by any act of parliament of this kingdom, or Great Britain, or shall deliver out, or cause or procure to be delivered out, tickets to the persons advancing such sums, to entitle them to a share of the money so advanced, or any other advantage.according to such proposal or proposals, scheme or schemes, or shall make, print, advertize, pubftfh, or cause to be made, printed, advertised or published, any proposal or proposals, scheme or schemes of the like kind or nature, under any denomination, name, or title whatsoever, every such person shall for every such offence, over and above any former penalties inflicted by any former act or acts of parliament tmade against any private or unlawful lotteries, forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds.

XIX. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons shall keep any office or offices, or shall print or publish any scheme or schemes, proposal or proposals for receiving any sum or fuir.s of money, in consideration of any interefito be granted for the fame, in any ticket or tickets, or number or numbers of tickets in any lottery, whereof such person or persons shall not then he actually polfelTecl in his, her, or their own right, or in consideration of any sum or sums of money to be repaid, in case any ticket or tickets, number or numbers of any ticket or tickets in any lottery which lltal! not then be in the actual possession of such person or persons, in his, her, or their own right, shall prove fortunate, or shall fell or take subscriptions for the sale of any chance or chances, lot or lots, or part or parts of any chances, or lots, chance, or lot, or of any :one or more,of the tickets of any lottery, or of or on the number or numbers of any lottery ticket or tickets, without having such original ticket or tickets in his, her, or their own custody1 or possession and right, or shall feil any greater number of chances, parts or shares of, or in any ticket, than the constituent patts thereof, or than such ticket shall really

coiujin.

(>4i

Tie thirij-tlird Year of George III.

contain, such person or persons shall, for every such offence as A.D. d'ord’aid, forfeit ami pay the sum of one hundred pounds, the one 179.>* iaoicty thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety ro the informer.

XX. And be it enacted, That no person shall fell any ticket or p.na!:y on

fcUiitj

prop

t to lick-

tickets, or any (lure or shares, chance or chances of, or in any ticket or tickets in any lriih or British lottery for a day, or part of Ml a Jay, or for any other time less than the whole time of drawing dlanct, for fneh lottery then to come, or shall publish any proposal or proposals

for any such purpose or ptlrposes; and every person who shall of->k«> fend in any of the aforesaid matter or matters, shall forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds.

XXI. And be it enacted, That every person who shall be an adventurer in, or shall pay any money or other consideration, cr aiKcmurm0" any ways contribute unto, or upon the account of any such sales, Jjji lotteries, proposals or schemes, as in an act made in the thirteenth (»>> M«. year of the reign of his late Majesty George the second, entitled, An act for the more cfjcBually preventing of exccjjive and

deceitful gaming, and as herein are subjected to penalties, shall forfeit for every such offence, double the sum paid and contributed.

XXII. And be it enacted, That no person or persons shall in- Hapnfuu

furefor, or aeainst the drawing of any ticket or tickets in any frifli (>'r

° . oraeainlt ilic

or British lottery, or receive any money or goods tn consideration draw,. ,r

of any agreement, to repay any sum or Aims, or to deliver the fame r"tram?’or or other goods, if any such ticket or tickets shall prove fortunate or ""foriunaie, unfortunate, or on any other chance or event relative to the drawing of any such ticket or tickets, whether as to their being drawn fortunate or unfortunate, or the time of their being drawn, or otherwise howsoever, or under any pretence, device, form, denomination or description whatsoever, promise or agree to pay any sum or films, or to deliver any goods, or to do or forbear doing any thing for the benefit of any person or persons, whether with or without consideration,'on any event or contingency relative or applicable to the drawing of any such ticket or tickets, or publish any proposal for any of the purposes aforesaid; and if any person or persons shall offend against this act, in any of the matters aforesaid, he, (lie they, shall for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That all penalties not exceeding the sum of one hundred pounds, which shall be incurred for any of- »ai Txcceding fence against this act, or any act now of force, for preventing unlawful "lotteries, and which are not herein otherwil’e directed to be !orr,yr

' t loitc.yaif,

recovered, may be recoverable before any of his Majesty's justices nnyiicien-Vol. XVI. 7 Z of

penalty lost.

I’cnjlttrK,

'642 The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D. 1793. Chap. 18.

vertt! liu'o a jjilice of peace;

in case of non payment committed to gaol for not -more than 6, or lefa than .3 months;

appeal to

ijimter

Uifimw,

Llcenfes may he recalled from . peffons committing such of Tences, who lha!| after* w.ir«ls be incapable of keeping an ollice, &c. muil a new license obtained.

Tickets in Brililli lotteries may be houcht anti fol/i, nil puts of Ireland.

of the peace for the county, city, town, or other diffrid in which the offence shall! be committed, upon proof of the offence by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or cn confession of the offender, or on view of fucll jilfticcs, and that one moiety of every such penalty shall belong to the Informer or informers prosecuting for the fame, who shall be deemed a competent witness, and the other moiety to his Majesty, his heirs and successor?; and that in case of non-payment of any ftieh penalty, tile offender shall be sent by fucll justices to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding six months, nor Ids than three months, as such justices shall think proper, unless fudt penalty shall be sooner paid or satisfied: provided always, that any person or persons convicted of any offence against this act, may appeal from such conviction to the next general sessions of the peace.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That if any person committing any of the said offences, shall be at the time of such offence or offences committed, licensed to keep a lottery office, it shall and may be lawful for the managers and directors of the Iriflt state lottery for the time being, or any three or more of them, upon information on oath, which oath the said managers or directors, or any three of them, are hereby empowered to administer, in case they shall think fit, forthwith either before or after recovery of any. penalty im-poied by this or any other law, or any conviction for recovery of the fame, to recal, annul, and make void the license or lieenfes of such person or persons so committing such offence or offences; and flic person or persons whose license or lieenfes shall have been recalled, and made null and void as aforesaid, shall from thenceforth be incapable of exercising, keeping, or opening any office or place for buying, felling, registering, or otherwise dealing in any ticket or tickets, or chances, or parts, or shares thereof, or in the number or numbers of any ticket or tickets in any lottery whatsoever, until the person or persons whose license or lieenfes iltall have been so recalled, Stall obtain another license or lieenfes for the purpose of keeping a lottery office, which new license or lieenfes the said commissioners or managers of the Iriflt state lottery for the time being, from time to time, are hereby empowered to grant, in case they shall think fit, and not otherwise, upon the like terms aS the original license is hereby required to be granted.

XXV. And be it enacted, That it (ha-11 be lawful to buy and sell within all parts of this kingdom, any ticket or tickets in any Britishi lottery' or lotteries now authorized, or hereafter to be authorized by any Britishi act of parliament, or any share or shares of any

ticket

3

The thirty-third Year of George III.

ticket or tickets in any such British lottery or lotteries, as if Atclt British tickets were tickets ir. a lottery establillied by an act of the parii.vr.ent of this kingdom.

XXVI. And be it cr.acted, That all and singular the penalties herein and hereby imposed, 'exceeding one hundred pounds, Hull, and may be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Dublin, in which no eifoig’.i, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no ftiit, action or prosecution, shall be commenced or brought against any person or persons for any penalty or forfeiture incurred by any offence against the provisions herein contained, unless the lame shall be commenced or brought within six weeks next after the fast was committed, or such cause of nftion shall have accrued, and not afterwards, and shall be laid or brought in the county, city, or place wherein such offence shall have been committed, or Inch cause of action shall have arisen, and hot elsewhere; and that if ally person or persons shall be filed, molbfted, of prosecuted for any thing done by virtue or pursuance of this act, fudh person or persons shall and may plead the general ifliiSj and give this act, and the special matter in evidence in his, hef, or their defence, at the trial or trials which shall be had thereupon, and that the fame was done iii pursuand: of, and by authority of this act j and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution,or be nonsuited,or judgment shall be given against hiln, her, or them upon demurrer or ot'nerwife, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against any such plaintiff or plaintiffs, or prosecutor or profc-Cutors, and have like remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have for costs in any other cases by lav/.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That an act passed in tl;e thirty-fe-cond year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to aimed tbt laws for thefate and insuranck of lottery tickets, except such part thereof as repeals so much of the several acts therein mentioned, as are thereby repealed, shall from and after the first day of btay, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, be, and the fame is hereby repealed, fare and except in all cases relating to any prosecution for or the filing for and recovering of any fine, penalty, or forfeiture incurred, or which (liali have incurred for any offence against the said act, committed before the said day.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That the managers and directors of the drawing of any lottery in this kingdom,

No ftiit, in to be commenced, unless wr.ltiil 6 v??c!:s of c.uife, an;! where the ctmlV shall arise;

p.*rfons fit?d, tse. for alij ihiii- hyvir-r:e h reof, nnypl.-ul the

neutral tflnc.

&c.

defendant to have treble coll-if ver-tli.il, &c. agaiall plain-t:lT.

32 G. 3. c. II. repeal-«), except so

part, of aC*s

therein men*

as to piofccu* tions, tec. incurred he* fore Hi May,

1793.

shall not cealc or i conclude

Drawing not to con* elude until every number

644 The thirty-third' Year of George III.

A. I), conclude the drawing of the fame, until every ticket or number,

1793- and every prize and blank in such lottery, which shall have been Cuap. 18. pUt jn -wheels, used for containing such tickets or numbers, and an-.te«c.y prizes and Wanks, shall he drawn thereout, any act or acts of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. And be it cnr.ded, That no person heretofore appointed or hereafter to be appointed a manager and director of lotteries in this kingdom, shall act in the management of any lottery here-

timnagsr 01 0 . 0 '

lotteries. 10 ' after to be drawn in this kingdom, or in the drawing of any lot-

fcli'have'inter7> until such person shall have entered into a recognizance to

tcroi into a his Majesty, before the chief baron, or one of the barons of his

witlfz fare- Majesty's court of exchequer, with two sufficient sureties to be ap-

tcM,roriooooi. prove(j of by foQij chief baron, or other baron, in the sum of one thousand pounds, conditioned that if such manager and director shall

in all things, so long as he shall be a manager and director of any

lottery in this kingdom, well and truly observe, fulfil, and discharge

the trust reposed in him, as a manager and director of any such

lottery or lotteries, and that if such lottery or lotteries, and all the

tickets and numbers, and all prizes and blanks therein, shall be

fully and duly drawn, so that at the close of the drawing of any such lottery, there shall not remain any ticket or number, or any

prize or blank undrawn, and so that the number of tickets which shall he drawn, shall be equal to the number of prizes and blanks

in such lottery, such recognizance shall be void, otherwise to remain

in full force.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That no manager or director of such

Manager # t 0

m»t to rraive lottery, shall be entitled to receive any salary or reward for his fer-{nttoj duly' vice in drawing, or superintending the drawing of such lottery, d-ami. until flla]| appear to the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor of this kingdom, that such lottery hath been fully, fairly, and

prize and Wank

]>e drawn.

No person .^pointed a tin.Hwgjr of lotteries, sit until lie

conditioned to discharge iiis tiutl;

if-lottery duly drawn, recognizance to be void.

completely drawn.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That no person shall act as a fe-tu eiiitrfriio a cretary, clerk, or assistant secretary under the managers and directors vTthTf.mT of any lottery, unless such person shall, with two sufficient sureties, ti'esforiooool. have entered into a recognizance in manner aforesaid; if a secretary. clerk 2col. in the sum of one thousand pounds; if a clerk, in the sum of two tifiiiUnt fee. hundred pounds; and if assistant secretary, in the sum of five liun-iiu°ecl w 'c»c- Poun<dsJ conditioned that he shall faithfully and duly execute cute null. and perform the trust repoled in him, and the duties to his-office belonging.

in pursuance

XXXIII. And whereas in pursuance of an act passed.last session uVrcffionu Parliament, and the powers thereby created, a lottery was efta-.luttery «as bliffied and drawn: And whereas it is alleged, that some irregularity

attended

The thirty-third Year of George III. 645

attended the drawing of the said lottery, and great confusion may A.D.

arise from bringing into question the propriety of the said drawing: 179.3-

be it declared and enacted, That the drawing of the said lottery shall estabi:c«d

be deemed and taken to be legal and effectual to all intents and

0_t tone alleflgcJ

purposes; and that no action or snit at law, or in equity, shall iir^nla.ly be commenced or prosecuted against any person or persons fjj ani'iaj. whatever, for or on account of such irregularity; and that all

0 J ’ noprolccun*

contrails, fecnritics and engagements founded on the said lottery, on for m-esu-or any ticket or number contained therein, save contrails respeiling mmiLas,&c. any ticket in the said lottery which was not drawn, and did not r,’ll'-'d

1 4 1 (hereon, lave

remain in the wheel at the end of the said drawing, shall be valid ana tickets and effectual to all intents and purposes, saving to all and every person every inch ailion or suit which may have been commenced ac"

on or before the first day of this session of parliament. commenced

before id day of this session.

CHAP. XIX.

An Act for repairing the Road leading froin the Tow/t of Cdjllc-comeri in the County of Kilkenny, to the City of Kilkenny.

WHEREAS the highway or road leading from the town of Castlecomer, in the county of Kilkenny, to Green!* bridge, in the city of Kilkenny, by reason of the several hollow ways, and the many and the heavy carriages frequently passing to city of through the fame, is become so ruinous and bad, that in the winter ^;,k07 season many parts thereof are impalfable for waggons, carts, cars and carriages, and very dangerous for travellers, and cannot by the ordinary course appointed by the laws and statutes of this realm be effectually amended, and kept in good and sufficient repair; wherefore and to the intent that the said highway and road may, with convenient speed be effectually amended, and hereafter kept in good and sufficient repair, so that all persons may travel through the fame with safety: be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That for the better surveying, ordering, amending, and keeping in repair the said highway or road, it shall be in the power of the right honourable pointed nuf. John earl of Ormonde, the right honourable Otway lord viscount Desart, the honourable Walter Butler, commonly called lord viscount Thurles, the honourable John Butler Wandesford, the honourable James Butler, the honourable Charles Butler, George Roth, James Vol. XVL S A Cooke,

The thirty-third Year of George. III.

Cooke, John Waring, John Encry, Christopher Hunt, EiiinunJ Butler, Joim Boy.I, Patrick Denn, William Wilkinfun, Roger Garraway, and Henry Garraway, esquires, the reverend Edward Grannie, Branch Lodge, John Ilendricken, Nicholas l’renan, Patricl* Comerford, Bartholomew JJrophy, William Giitcnan, William K,i-venagh, Thomas E.iri, John Waring, John Eiiery, Patrick \Ve!J:, junior, the reverend John Brodrick, Matthew Scott, Peter Wall, Vere Folicr, I'rancis Reynold:;, Henry Greene, Felix Byrne, Mat tin JJergin, John Cole, Artimr Gore, and Bernard Scott, gentlemen, and ike reverend Ivd-.yard Vigors, v.ho are hereby nominated and appointed trustees of the Paid road, and the survivors of them, they, or any seven or more of them, or fitch person or persons as they or any seven or more of them shall authorize and appoint, shall and may crcft, or cattle to be creeled, one or more gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes, in, upon, or across any part or parts of the said highway am! road, and also a toll-house, or toil-houses; and there shall receive and take the tolls am! duties following, before any boric, marc, gelding, cattle, coach, beriin, chariot, calalh, ckai.'-e, chair, waggon, wain, cart, car, or other carriage, shall be permitted to pass through the fame, videlicet, for every coach, he:Sin, chariot, calalh, cliaife, rr chair drawn by fix Iidrfes, geldings or marcs, the fnm of one (hiding and six pence; and ilr every coach, beriin, chariot, calalh, cliaife, or chair drawn by any Lifer number of boric?, geldings or marcs, than fix, and more than two, one shilling; for every coach, beriin, chariot, calalh, chaifc, or chair drawn with two horses, geldings, or mares, six pence; iWo-ery «!(:- for CYl;ry waggon, wain, or cart, with four wheels, the sum of ten ! niit-ilia, ioi. fiffiiings; for every waggon, wain or cart with two wheels, drawn OrV.' m i,yLCI ’ mors than two horses, mares or geldings, or oxen, the sum of five

fiufiincs; for every cart, waggon, cr car, drawn with two horses,

Its Cm mots of ilicni, or

cc11y7.crm-.u-, r.my er*£l turiipiScc.- and loiiiioiiHi,

a...l t/u r.-l.

;.,-.vi:c- toll, j

lor fVfty ctsacti, 5.0.

OlJttll l‘J 1)

horses &c. >.> 0,1. liy kf, tlnn t, atul :uj,c titan 3, u.

I’y 2, 6,1.

commonly called a chair or chaifc, with one horse, mare or gelding, the sum of five pence; for every car, or other carriage, drawn but by one horse, marc, or gelding, the sum of three halfpence, excepting cars and horses loaden with turf; for every other horse, c, gelding, mule or afs loaden, or unladen, and not drawing,

Hot c^d, f j, v

with 2* lioif.b, geldings, or mares, the lum of four shilling*; for every carriage he. 4s. chair or chaifc wiilt I iunfit&c. 5d cart with horse, cxi.cpt lad«H xvitU turf, lid.

lucrfi-. s.c mu two pence; for every drove of oxen, cows, or neat cattle, the lum io7'rr iiole ten P£nce Per lcorc) and in proportion for any greater or for oxen, ire lesser number; for every drove of calves, Hogs, sheep, or lambs, fit'caUchSc. the sum of live pence per score, and so In proportion for any great-rude sum. it> ter or JofTer number; which said respective sum or Pirns of money

lec vciu-ci (n fly-ii i,c demanded and taken in the name of, or as a toll or dmv, fold tuifti'es, , , ‘

and applird and the money so to be raised as aforesaid, is and mall hereby be ns hereafter . ,'n

diccflid; '

A.D.

□up. 19.

The thirty-third Year of George III. C.l"

vded i:i the said trusteef, and the fame and every part thereof, la ill lie paid, applied, and dilpeded of, and alhgueJ to, and ini'

die fevered uses, intents and purposei, and in lueli manner as is herein after mentioned and directed; and the said t.T.llecs, or any ic'itn or more of them, are herein’ cmpti'-vucd by themltlves, or .|,.rl, sav perf.rn or persons by them, or any seven or move of them,|under their ’tends end seals thereunto authorized, to levy the toil i r ditty hereby required to be paid, upon any. person or pci lens

v.Y.o find I, after demand made thereof, neglect or refuse to pay the same, by di fire Is of any iiorfs or horses, or other cattle or goads, upon which such toll or duty is by this act imposed, or upon any of the goods and chattles of such person or persons who ought to pay the same, and may detain and keep the fame, until such toll or duty, with the reasonable charges of such distrain-i:g or keeping shall he paid; and it fit all and may be lawful to ami for the person or persons fp dillraining, alter the space cf live days, from the time such dillrcfs made and taken, to felL the goods distrained, returning the overplus (if any be), upon demand to the owner thereof, after such toil, duty, and reasonable charges for dillraining and keeping the fame, shall he paid.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That out of the first money arising from the profits of the levcrai turnpikes to be erected, the said trustees, cr any seven or more of them, shall first pay and difdnrge the expence of procuring this act of parliament, and of erecting such turnpike or turnpikes, or building such toll-house or to'.l-houses, and from and after such charges and expences shall be fully latislied and paid, that then and from thenceforth the profits arising, and the to'l to be collected at any turnpike or turnpikes to be creeled or set up on the said road, leading from the town of Callleconicr, in the county of Kilkenny, to Green’s bridge, in the city of Kilkenny, shall he applied for, and towards the repair of the said road only, and not otherwise.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons whatsoever, owning or renting or occupying any land near unto any turnpike to iie erected in piuftiance of this act, shall for gain, reward, or otherwise, permit any person or persons whatsoever to pass through any gate, pallage, or way with any coach, berlin, chariot, calalh, chaii'e or chair, waggon, wain, cart, car or other carriage, or riding or drawing any horse, mule, als, or any sort of cattle to avoid the payment of the toll hereby appointed to be paid, and shall be thereof convicted upon the oath ol ‘011c or more witness or vritnesses before the said trustees,

S A 2

after 5 day* (liimi’s :uv

be fi-Kl, ami overplus re-tinned.

Expenrt* r*f

th:> ad,orvi-it’.j

ie. to he juiJ out of fltft money

l*»encff'»r',» tol’s to be ap.vit I to repairing f.u i

road

tuny.

Penalty on letting pet suns v.'ith c.t 1 i.ijy >; &c. pnfsilito’

any Rate, fire, to avoid tu!4.

or

64S

A.D. 1793. Chap. 15,

Turnpikes and toll* houses may he crofted acrofc lane?, &c. fn as not to extend to 0 double charge.

Trustees may appoint collectors and surveyors j

duty of surveyor i

surveyors, fire, may be removed;

tolls to be paid to cul-Icftors;

Purveyor to account upon oatht on full Tuesday tn every month;

The thirty-third Year of George III.

or any seven or more of them, or before one or more jufiies or justices of the peace for the county wherein such oflence offences shall be committed, who are hereby empowered and required to administer such oath, such person or persons shall forfeit and pay to the trustees authorized to put this act in execution, the fu:n of ten shillings, to he levied by distress and lole of the offenders goods, by warrant under the hand and seal, or under the hands and seals of the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, or of such justice or justices, rendering the overplus to the owner, (if any be,) the charges in taking and disposing of the said goods being fil'd deducted.

IV. And be it further enacte'd by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, to crcft one or more gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes on the fide of the said highway or road across any lane or way leading out of the said road, and to build one or more toll-house or toll-houses, and there to receive and take such toll as is appointed by this act to be taken, so as the fame do not extend to a double charge, in case of passing the fame day through any of the other turnpikes to be erected by virtue of this act, from the town of Cadlecotner, in the county of Kilkenny, to the city of Kilkenny.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, at their full meeting, or any succceding meeting, by writing under their hands and seals, shall and may cleft, nominate, and appoint one or more fit person or persons to be receiver or receivers, collector or collectors of such money in the name of such- toll or duty as shall be due and payable by virtue of this act, and alfd one or more fit person or persons to be surveyor or surveyors, to see the condition of the said highway or road, and to see that the fame be repaired and amended, and that the money arising and expended by virtue of this act, be duly applied, and from time to time to remove such collectors, receivers, and surveyors, or any or either of them as they shall see occasion, and appoint new ones irt case of death, or of such removal, and such person or persons as is, or are liable by this act, to pay the said toll of duty, is and are hereby required to pay the same, after the rates aforesaid, to the said receiver or receivers, collector or collectors of the said toll or duty in that behalf from time to time appointed as aforesaid, for (lie receiving the said toll or duty, and such surveyor or surveyors as aforesaid shall, upon oath by the trustees, or any seven or more of them, or before one or more judice or j 11 dices- of the peace

refilling

3

649

A.D.

Chip. 19.

no fee for oath; money in hands to he pai i to tr.if-teet. o* order*

The thirty-third Year of George III.

reficiing near the highway or road aforef-ud, (which oath said

trustees, or any seven or more of them, or such justice or justices

is and are hereby empowered to require and administer,) on the lirft

Taefday in every month, or oftener if required, during the con'

tinuance of tins aft, give in a true, exact, and perfect account

in writing, under their respective hands, of all money which iie

and they, and every, or any of them, or any person employed

liy them, or any of them, shall to such time hive received, paid,

and disbursed by virtue of this act, by reason of their respective

offices, for which oath no fee or reward shall be taken, and in case

any money so received shall remain in their, or any of their hands,

the fame shall be paid to the said trustees, or any seven or more

of them, or to such person or persons as the said trustees, or any

r , ' . , ' an I laid cut

ieven or more of them, mail by any writing or writings under in their hands and seals; authorize and empower to receive the same, '""k101'1 > which shall be disbursed and laid out in amending the said highway or road, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, and notetherwife, and the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, to-whom such account shall be given, shall and may out of the money arising by the said toll or duty, make such allowance to the said receiver or receivers, collector or collectors, and the surveyor or surveyors, For and in confiikration of his and their care and pains respectively taken in the execution of his and their office and offices, and to such other person or persons who have been or shall be assisting in and about procuring the said highway and road to be amended and repaired, by advancing and laying out any money or otherwise relating thereunto, as to ahem shall seem good, so as such allowance or allowances to such collector or collectors, do not annually exceed twenty pounds, and 10 such surveyor or 'surveyors, any sum not exceeding two shillings .1 day, during such time or times as he or they shall be respefiiyely employed in the repair of the said roads, and so as such allowance or allowances to any other person or persons who shall be employed by virtue of this act, does not exceed the sum of fifteen pounds yearly to each person, and in case the said receiver or receivers, collector or collectors of the aforesaid toll or duty, or any of them, shall not make such account and payment unto such person or persons, according to the order and directions of the said trustees, or any seven or more of them as aforesaid, that then the said justices of the peace at any special sessions or meeting of them to be holden for the county in which the said receiver or receivers, collector or collectors have acted, or been employed, and made such default as aforesaid, shall and are hereby Vol. XVI. S B required

trustees may make allowance to collators, fi/r-veyors, mil others afiid-hig, not ex*

ceding 2ol. a vear to col* Icilor, 2s. a day to for veyor while employed, sod 15l. a year to oilier period employed.

in case col IccIoir shall not account and pay as directed, justices at special fcffiun* may esquire and determine as herein;

5

65o

The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

required and empowered to make enquiry, and finally to deter-

1793.

Chap. 19.

Hp.»n conviction to be committed to g.tol until account ami paymeot made.

Surveyor?. kc- r.nydig and ca ty away mate*

1 inh vat «f auv parish. ive. near which ruinous places of highway lie. without paying;

whert* tv it iiil’ic'nit isn-Uai jaU in common, ive. by order of trtif-tecs liny may ditr, kc, iu groundswhcfe suchaic, not beinygjrdcix, «'ve. y.ayine 10

owners rates appo med by uudec',

jadjp.s.oiafiue so determine difiucnecslK-

tweeu mvnus of laud and tursUt?.

mine of, and concerning such default as well by the confession of the said parties' tlieinfcivcs, as by the teflimonv of one or more credible witness or witness’es upon oath, which oath they are hereby empowered and required to administer without fee or reward, and if any perfoti or persons shall he convicted thereof by such judices, the said jnlliccs shall upon such conviction, commit the party or parties to the common gaol of the county where such offence shall he committed, there to remain without bait cr main- prize, until he or they shall have made a true and perfect account and payment as aforesaid.

VI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the find surveyor or surveyors, and such person or person as he or they shall appoint, to dig, raise, gather, take, and carry away any gravel, furze, sand, (tones, or other materials cut of any waste or common of any parish, town, village or hamlet, in or near which any foundcrous or ruinous places of the said highway or road do lie, and for want of sufficient gravel, furze, sand, (tones, or other materials there to dig, gather, raise, take and carry away the fame out of any wade, or any common of any neighbouring parish, town, village, or hamlet, without paying any tiling for the fame, and where there is not fullicieilt of any such materials in any common or waste ground near adjoining, it shall and may be lawful for them by order of the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, to dig, mile, and carry the fame in the several grounds of any person or persons not being a garden, orchard, yard, or meadow, planted walk or walks, or avenue to a house where any such materials are or may be found, and from time to time to carry away fuel;, and so much thereof as the said surveyor or surveyors shall adjudge necei-fa;:>: for the repairing and amending the laid1 highway or road, paying such rates for such materials to the owncc or occupier of tls.e ground from whence the same shall be digged, raised, gathered, and carried away, as the trustees appointed, or to he appointed to put. this act in execution, or any seven or more of them shall adjudge reasonable; and in case, of any difference between such owner or occupier, and the said trustees touching the value of the materials and the damages aforesaid, the judges of assize at the next, general assizes, and general gaol delivery to be holden in the county where such materials shall he digged, raised, or gathered, and from whence the same shall be earned away, may and shall adjudge, assess, and, finally determine the same.

The. thirty-third Year of George III.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it Audi and may be lawful to and for the surveyor or surveyors, nr fitch person or persons as hp cr they shall appoint, ft inn time m time, to remove and prevent annoyances on any part of the hid highway or road, hereby intended t>- be repaired, by filth, dung, allies, rnbbiib, water-courses, finks or drains running into the said highway or road; and to cleanse any ditch or water-cmirfe a/fieming to the said road; and to cut down, lop or top any trees or bullies growing in the said highway, or in the hedges nr hanks adjacent to the said highway, and to take and carry away :!:e fame, the owner or occupier neglecting to cut down such trees or bttlhes, or to remove such other annoyances for the space of tea days, after notice in writing given for that purpose, under the hands of seven of the said trustees, the charges whereof shall be rebnbtirfed the said surveyor or surveyors, by such owners or Occu-niers neglecting to cut down the said trees or bullies, or to remove fitch other annoyances as aforesaid; and if after removal of any such annoyance, any person or persons shall again offend in like kind, every such person or persons so offending and being thereof convicted upon the oath of one or more witness or whnesses, before one or more justice or justices of the peace for the said county where such offence shall be committed, dial] for every such offence, forfeit and pay unto the said trustees where fitch offence dtall be committed,- ten shillings, to be levied in manner aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may he lawful to and for the surveyor or surveyors, by order of the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, to make or cause to be made causeways, and to cut and make drains through any grounds lying contiguous to the said road, and to ered' arches of brick, timber, or done thereupon, and also to widen any of the narrow parts of the said highway or road, by opening, clearing, anti laying into the said highway or road any ground of any. person or persons lying contiguous to such highway or road, not being a house, garden, orchard, planted walk, or avenue to a house; and also to cause ditches or trenches to be made in litcii places, and in such manner as such surveyor or surveyors by order of the said iTtifcecs, or any seven or more of them shall adjudge necessary, for the better amending and keeping the said highway or road in good repair, making litch reasonable satisfaction to the owner or occupier of such ground, which shall be so laid in or ur.to the said highway or road through which any. such drain or drains shall lie cur, or on which any such arch or arches shall be made, for the damages which he or they foall, or may thereby

S B 2 sustain,

C.Mrfij, n;t tree*. kc. imflfprry fame aw.iy of nu’jift

for

l oil ivs,

if-

imt.'.i' fctl li* GW IK l'J

pen Hyi*l ollllU'C K

CY.lflnv.l71 and iln.iw HU)' bd tn't.Jt through lm.v

tigUtHH

ground, arches crcil-ed, and narrow parts widened, not being Jioufesv gardens, &c.

a!f.> ditches may be m.itle a> ordered by truilccs;

fitisfaction to owners, iiffeffcil by judges of af-Ir/.e, orjuf-tiees at quarter felfi ms, in case of difference

b52

A.D. 1793. Chap. 19.

if twner3 of water* courses, after

io day;* no* l!c«s from surveyor, neglect to scour, &c. furvoynr may set men to woik tlirreat, and levy charge by warrant from ItuftttS, u.C.

Sdkl road may be Hum* turd;

11 trustees may set apart

COIItigUDllfl

grounds for making the toad llraight, &c«

and may trtai wiih owners for rccurn-p*n«,

The thirty-third 2 ear of George III.

sustain, as shall be afiluTd and judged by the next going judge (,r judges ofaflize, or by the justices of the peace, or the major pan of them, at the next general affixes, or quarter sessions, to beholden for the county in which such ground shall be laid into the said highway or road, and through which any such drain or drains, ditch or ditches shall be cut or made, or on which such arch or arches shall be erected or made, or such causeways made in case of any difference concerning the same; and if any owner or occupier of any wa'tcrcourse, ditch or ditches adjoining to the said highway or road, shall neglect or refuse to scour or cleanse such water-courses, and to make such ditches so deep, and in such manner as the.surveyor or surveyors shall adjudge proper and convenient, after ten days notice shall he given for that purpose, by such surveyor or surveyors, or such person or persons as shall be appointed by him or them, to such owner or owners, it shall and may be lawful to’and for the surveyor or surveyors to set any man or men to work, to scour or cleanse, and make the fame, and by warrant in writing under the hands and feels of any seven or more of the said trustees, to levy the charge thereof upon the goods or estates of the owner or owners, occupier or occupiers of such water-course, ditch or ditches, by distress and sale of his or their goods and chattles, rendering the overplus (if any be) to the said owner or occupier, after all charges paid.

IX. And whereas the said highway or road leading from the saidtown of Castlecomer, in the county of Kilkenny, to the city of Kilkenny, may be considerably shortened, and made much more convenient for travellers, if the fame was carried straight, and in a direct line, where the fame Is now crooked, for remedy wherof, and that all just and reasonable satisfaction maybe given for the land made nil- of in carrying such road straight as aforesaid; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said trustees, or any eleven ov more of them, to ascertain, describe, and set apart such part and proportion of the lands adjoining or contiguous to the said highway or road, or which otherwise lies most convenient for carrying on, and continuing, the said highway or road straight, and in direct lines, as. they the said trustees, or any eleven or more of them shall judge necessary, for carrying the fame straight, and in a direct line as aforesaid; and the said trustees, or any eleven or more of them, are hereby further authorized and empowered to treat and agree with the owners, and others interested in the said ground, to be made use of in carrying - the said road straight as aforesaid, for such recompence and satisfaction to be made for the fame, out of the tolls and duties arising

by The thirty-third Year of George III.

by virtue of this act, as the said trustees, or any eleven or more of them, Stall think lit and reasonable; and in case any person or persons shall neg'efl: or refuse to treat, or agree as aforesaid, or through any difihiitty, non-age, coverture, or specia! limitation in any fitfte.mnr or settlements, or by reason of any other impediments cannot, or o'therwlfe howsoever refuse to dil’pose of their reflective interest in such land, as the said trustees, or any eleven or more of them shall think convenient, for the shortening the said road, in every fetch case the said trustees, or any eleven or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to issue forth their warrant or warrants to the sheriff of (lterifis of the county wherein such ground doth lie, to impanel and return before the said trustees, or any eleven or more of them, at such time and place within the said county, as shall be appointed in such warrant or warrants, a sufficient jury, who upon their oaths (which said oaths the said trustees, or any eleven or more of them, are hereby empowered and required to administer), shall enquire into the true and real value of such ground to be made use of for the said highway or road, and fitch verdict or inquisitions as shall be so found and returned by the said jury, ascertaining the value of fuch1 ground, shall be final and conclusive, as well to the said trustees, as to the several and respective owners and proprietors of such grounds, notwithstanding any disability or incapacity whatsoever.

X. And For as much as the money to be collected by such receipt of the said toll, will mot be at present Sufficient for the speedy repairing of the said highway or rond: be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Said trustees, or any fifteen or more of them, Shall and may, and are hereby empowered from time to time, by writing tinder their respective hands and seals, to ailfign over the said respective toll or duty hereby granted, or any part thereof, the costs and charges whereof to be home and paid, out of such separate toll or duty, for any term or time during the continuance of this act, as a fecuvity for any sum or sums of money by them to be borrowed for that purpose, to Inch person or persons, or their trustees, who shall advance and lend the same to secure the payment thereof, with lawful interest, or kfs, if the fame can be so had, which said money borrowed,.shall be applied and disposed ef, as the toll or duty is by tins act to be applied and disposed of, and to no other use or purpose whatsoever.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said trustees, or any live or more of them, from time to time, during the continuance

Vol. XVI. SC of

653

A.D.

’79.V

Chap. ig.

15 frtifltCI may assign

tutl» for any sums they mjy want for the purjiofrt of tins a-3, ami the iiuc-rclt thereof.

5 trustfM may make nut n Marram for payment of interclf,

no warrant fur mote tli^n 50l.

Warrants

transferub'c

by ctidurfc-incut*, uit notice totrea-fnrer am! cutty in a buuft.

Treasurer to number warrants arithmeti-xally.

Tolls applied to discharge inte-Test» ami repair road;

surplus to discharge of piiucipal, as Jtcrealtcr:

The thirty-third Year of George III.

of this present act, to make out warrants or orders in writing, under their hands, directed by the treasurer or receiver of said tolls, requiring him to pay thereout to the person or pci !c;is named in such warrant or order, their executors, administrators or assigns, the growing interest: of the sum of money mentioned in such warrant or order, as the fame dial], from time to time become due, until such time as the principal lum mentioned in such warrant or older, shall be paid off and discharged at one entire payment; provided that no warrant or Older to be iflucil to the said treasurer or receiver, by virtue of this act, shall be for any greater sum than fifty pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person or persons to whom such warrants or orders shall be given, his, her, or their executors or administrators, may by cndoileinents on fuelt orders or receipts, transfer the right and benefit of the sum mentioned in such warrants or orders, which endorsements, upon notice to the treasurer or receiver 0: the salt! tolls, and an entry or memorial thereof made in a bool; to he kept for that puvpose, which the said treasurer or receiver shall, upon request, without charge, fee, or reward, make accordingly, and shall upon the like request, permit to be viewed at reasonable hours, without fee or reward, shall entitle the indorsee or assignee, his or her executors, administrators or assigns, to the foie benefit of the sum so transferred or alligned, and that the said warrant or order may in like manner he alligned or transferred by such assignee, his or her executors or administrators, and so teties amities; and that after such assignment, it shall not be in the power of the person or persons who made such assignment, to make void, release or discharge the said assignment, or the sum thereby transferred or alligned, or any part thereof.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the treasurer or receiver of the said tolls, shall arithmetically number all the warrants or orders which shall be given or delivered out in pursuance of this act, as they shall be delivered out, commencing by number one, and so continuing the numbers, until the whole he arithmetically numbered.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several tolls or duties hereby made payable, shall be applied and paid to the discharge of the interest of so much money, as shall be borrowed in pursuance of this act, and towards the repairing the said roads; and that all the surplus of the said tolls and duties hereby made payable, over and above what shall he sufficient to discharge the said interest, and repair the said roads, shall b.c applied in discharge of the principal money so borrowed,

6 in

Tie thirty-third Year of George III.

in the manner herein after mentioned, vid/icll, that when and ns often as such surplus received by the said treasurer or receiver, shall amount to the sum of two hundred pounds, then the said treasurer or receiver shall cause the numbers of nil the warrants or orders which shall be issued and delivered out, in pursuance of this act, and lire sum therein contained, to be written on several tickets or pieces of parchment, and to be rolled and sewed up, and put into a box or urn, arid well mixed together, and an indifferent person to he appointed by the said irustees, or any five or more of them, shall publicity between the hours of ten and twelve in the forenoon, of a day to be by the said treasurer or receiver publickly edvertifed in the Dublin Gazette for that purpose, at lea ft twenty days before, at Custlecomer, or Kilkenny, draw out of such box or urn, as many of the said tickets or pieces of parchment, as the fmns therein contained shall amount to the said sum of two hundred pounds; and the person or persons, the number of whose warrants of orders shall be so drawn, his or their executors, administrators or assigns, shall within twenty days after the said warrants or orders shall he drawn as afore-

655

A.D. 1793.Ci«ap. 19*

\vln*n fV.» in ncjfsmiN It.

2C. 1. tnttr-

1.1.:.- :»n*i sum. lo be didtvn, as , trt

amount of 2GO*

{20 day* notice m Od* zc:tc:)

personR vltctfc miml>;is so drawn, to be pa*d wit bin 20 days, with iutcrdU

said, be paid by the said treasurer or receiver, lire principal sums to him or them respectively due, with the interest for the fame until paid; and shall upon payment thereof, deliver up his and their several and respcfiive warrants or orders to the said treasurer or receiver to be cancelled, which he is hereby repaired to cancel accordingly; and the interest payable by virtue of such warrants or orders shall cease,

' from the expiration of twenty days, to be accounted from the day of drawing the said tickets or pieces of parchment.

XV. Provided always, That in case there shall be more t0ii, ,nt than one gate or turnpike in, across, or on the fide of the than i* highway or road, between the said town of Castlecomer, in J1'1*'"

t t Ca'il co

the county of Kilkenny, and Green’s Bridge, in the city and G:cmv of Kilkenny, no person or persons having paid the toll or twiceVn/ duty at the fxrft gate or turnpike through which said person llay-or persons shall pass, and producing a note or ticket that the said toll or duty was paid, (which note or ticket the receiver or receivers, collector or collectors is, and are hereby required to give gratis,) shall be liable to pay any toll or duty at any other of the said gates or turnpikes upon the 8 C 2 said

"Penalty on

p:v-i *or r-Cervine ;ick» <u (ii ;iv.,i'j tu!L, 103.

(-() Yhc thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

fab' highway or road, furh person or persons delivering; !l:c }T)i- said note or ticket to the said receiv, r or receivers, col-letter or collectors of the said toll or duty, at the last gate or turnpike the fame day; and no person or persons having creation 'to p;'fs the place or places where the toll or duty is taken, who shall return the fame day upon, cr with the fame horse, mare, gelding, afs, male, cattle, coach, chariot, berlin, chaise, chair, calash, waggon, cart, car, or other carriage, shall be liable or compellable the fame day to pay the said toll cr duty more than once on the said road.

XVI. And for the preventing frauds and abuses in the said toll or duty; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person dr prfens having paid the toll or duty by this a <fl grunted, and made payable, and ’having such note or ticket.'notes or tickets'as is herd y dirt died, flidl grve or dispose of the same to any other person or persons, in order to avoid the payment of the said toll or duty, every such person- giving, disposing, or offering, and the person receiving such note or ticket, notes'or tickets, and being thereof convidicd, upon the cath of one or more vrilncfs orwit-nc fies, before the said trnfiecs, or any five or more'of them, or before any one or more jufliee or justices of the peace for the County wherein such offence or offences shall be committed, (which oath the said trustees, and the said justice or justices are hereby empowered and required to administer, (shall respectively forfeit and pay the sum of ten '/killings, to be levied, recovered, and -dispo'fed of, as any other penalty or forfeiture is-.directed to be levied, recovered, and disposed of by this act.

XVII. Provided always, and -be it hereby declared, That during the continuance of this act, all coaches and pafTcngers on horseback shall pass and rdpafs toll free on the day or days on which there shall be an election for a knight or knightS'of the filire to serve in parliament for the said county of 'Kilkenny, or for a citizen or citizens 'to serve in parliament for the said city of Kilkenny, or 'for any burgess to serve in parliament for any borough in the said county, any thing 'herein contained to 'the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further e rut died by the authority aforesaid, That the said trustees, any seven or more of them,

+ may

Persons j*n conches and

on horseback to put--free to clcct nns in -said count}’.

7 Trudces may farm

lulls;

The thirty-third Year of George III. 657

may at any meeting to be holden by them from time to time A.D. as they shall see convenient or think fit, to contract with 1793' any person or persons for the farming and letting the tolls' ^2^2/ arising by this present act, for any sum or sums by the year, to be paid by monthly or quarterly payments or oftener, to such person or persons as shall be appointed from time to time by the said trustees, or any five or more of them, to receive such quarterly or other payments as shall be contracted for after such contract or agreement shall be made: provided such term so to be granted by them'of-tom granted the said toll shall not exceed the term of two years at T'cm*'"' any one time of letting or farming the fame, and so tottes <jtioties.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- , Tn.ftees said. That the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, may c,°'n‘

J 7 pound for

may and are hereby empowered from time to time as they tolls to be

shall fee convenient or think fit, to compound, or agree by <llUt

the year or otherwise, with any person or person using to

travel through the turnpike or turnpikes to be ereftea,

with any shiloh cows, horse, mare, or gelding, afs, or mule,

or with any coach, berlin, calaflt, chaise, chair, waggon,

cart, car, or any other carriage, for any sum or sums of

money, to be paid quarterly from time to time after such

agreement shall be made; and the said trustees, or any five s

or more of them shall be obliged to compound and agree w«u peifom

t-y the year, if required, with any person or persons re-

filling within any parish through which the said turnpike

road is to pass, keeping a coach, chaise, or chair, for any w.

film not exceeding ten shillings, and the sum of five fhil-scorch,

lings with every other person, excepting for carts, cars, jtish

or other carriages laden with coals, and other persons car- ‘^,"2'"

rving goods not their own property for hire. Ci!pt;"s34

w herein.

XX. Provided also, and be it hereby declared by the No wit* authority aforesaid, That no person shall be charged with

nny of the tolls and duties aforesaid, who shall pass through 'cpai'ringfiid

any of the turnpikes to be erected by this act, who (lia'l r01'3*?1

; r ' row* in

carry ar.y quantity of stones, gravel, or other materials for neighba-mns repairing the said road, or any of the roads in the parishesplr in which the fame do lie, or in any of the neighbouring parishes, nor shall any person or persons be chargeable with nrcnmindis the said toll or duty for any carts, cars, or waggons loaden with corn in the draw only, nor for any ploughs, harrows,

Vo:,. XVI. ' ft V)

or

65 S The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

or other implements of husbandry, in order to the using or 1793* repairing the fame, in the several parishes in which the said highway or road hereby intended to be repaired do lie, nor nor for shall any toll or duty be demanded or taken at any of the Sc'uw'in turnpike or turnpikes to be erected for any horse, mare, or nX'Vo?oIiySi Se,ding> mule» or other cattle going to water, or for any huik, sc. n0ft horse carrying the mail or packet, or for such horse as

going to wm. ) / O r

ter, or any 'is or shall be used only to ride on by the owner or driver

or hoise uful

of any waggon, cart, or carriage; provided such horse pass a^ivapjron, Wl through the said turnpike or turnpikes, with such waggon, c?rt> or carriage, nor shall any toll or duty be demanded nor lorlimfc or taken for the horses of soldiers passing that are upon of foMitrs on their march, or for waggons, carts, cars, or other carriages ira.rct’ftc. attending them, or for horses, waggons, carts, cars, or other Mp2tr"IS carr'a8es travelling with vagrants sent by pafies, or with prisoners transmitted from one part of the kingdom to another.

Toils ic

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-f'2+Jiinc That the toll or duty hereby granted shall take place, 1793,10161 and have continuance from and after the twenty-fourth day

yeatd. '

of juuc, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, for and during the term of sixty one years.

If within said

XXII. Provided nevertheless, That if at any time before tern-mu- the expiration of the said term of sixty one years, all parts

ter* adjudge 1 . J

{.id road 10 of the said roads shall be sufficiently amended and repair-I'cpa'^a! slid‘cd, and so adjudged by the majority of trustees appointed, icMii'l’SV"" or hereafter to be chosen by virtue of this act, by an sd-".'fS judication made, and repayment of such money as shall have been advanced or borrowed with interest for the fame, and the costs and charges thereof, the said tolls and duties shall cease and determine, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Road tube

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said road shall be repaired from the said to Grcci’s- town of Castlecomer to . Green’s-bridge in the said city of

ixulgc.

Kilkenny.

Tmftee#

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-whc.s'f said, That for the continuing a sufficient number of able ^jedbris to be trustees for putting in execution all and every the powers in this act contained, for and during the continuance thereof, it shall and may be lawful- to and for the said trustees, or any live or more of them, upon the death of

5 any

The thirty-third Year of George III.

any of the said trustccs, or their removal, or refuling to act in the said trull from time to time, and at all times hereafter during the term aforesaitl, to cleft, nominate, and appoint'in the room of such trustee or trustccs, so deceased, removed, or refilling to act, any fit or able person or persons living in the said county or city of Kilkenny, or clfc-where, to be joined with the said trustees in the execution' of all and every the power and powers in them reposed by virtue' of this act, and all and every person and persons so to be chosen trustee or trustees, to join in putting this act in.execution as they are herein before qualified to do, shall and may, and are hereby empowered to act, to all intents' and purposes, in as full, large, and ample manner as the said trustees are by this act empowered to do, and so tolies quoiies as often as occasion shall require.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall meet at Castlecomer in the county of Kilkenny, on the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and the said trustees shall then adjourn themselves, and afterwards meet alternately at the said town of Castlecomer, and city of Kilkenny, as often as it shall be necessary for putting this act in execution; and if it shall happen that there shall not appear at any meeting that shall be had or holden by the said trustees, a sufficient number of the said trustees to act at such meeting, and so adjourn' to any other day, then and in fuel) case the clerk of the said trustees, by notice in writing to be affixed at the respective gates or turnpikes, where such number of trustees shall be wanting at leaf! ten days before the next meeting, shall appoint the said trustees to meet at the town of Castle-comcr, and city of Kilkenny, as is herein before directed and appointed on that day fortnight, and that the said trustees at their first meeting, and at all other subsequent meetings, shall defray their own charges and expences.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person or persons appointed, or to be appointed by this act, a trustee or trustees for putting this act in execution, shall have or accept of any place of profit arising out of, or by reason of the toll or duty by this act laid or granted, but such person or persons shall be incapable from the time of accepting and

8 D 2

6 59 A.D. 179.1-Chap. 19-

Trustees tu mcct^atl tilile-conuron ill Aug. 1793*

to meet alter,* naicly at Caf

ileroriKT and city of Kilkenny;

if ? fnlHcicr.i

nun,her do not appear, clerk to gite 10 days notice, as here* in, of next meeting, t# be on (fiat day fortnight;

ft uflccs to dcfiay their owncypcticcs.

No trustee to ho’d any place of profit arising from laid to!U.

6Co The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

continuing to enjoy such place of profit, of acting as 'a 1793- trustee.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-w,-triiftcc paj(if That no such trustce or trustees flwH, in his or their

tocor.traclfor

wpaii offod *cwn name, or in the name or names of any other person ’ or persons, undertake or contract for the repair of the said road, or any part of it, whereby any profit may arise to him or them, but that from such time he or they lha.ll cease crait-aflt,-! to be a trustcc or irufiees; and that any person or persons as«<n!ifh that flu.Il -undertake or contract for the repairing or amending jjg fgjj roat^ or any pr,rt of it, shall, if required, take an oath -before the said trustees respectively, or any seven or more-of t'heui, (which oath they have hereby power to administer,) that he or they do undertake the -fame, for his -or their own uTc, and not for the use of, or in tr-uft for any such ‘10111100 or trustees whatsoever.

Act^nnr. 10 XXV.III. And be it further enacted by the authority afore--tuailty "10,: That if any suit shall be commenced again it any person or persons fox any thing done in pursuance -of this act, that -in every such case the action shall be laid in the said iVCrmiant county or city of Kilkenny, and not elsewhere; and the jolraUtL; defendant or defendants in such action or actions to be brought, -may plead - the general issue, and give this act, and the -special -matter in evidence on any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance, and by the authority of this act; and if it shall appear so to be done, or such action or actions shall be brought -in any other country, that then the jury shall find for the defendant or defen-;r verdict-for dants, and upon such verd.id, or if the plaintiff shall be plaintiff non- -non-suited, -or discontinue his action after the defendant or -treMt-ntt-to defendants shall -have appeared, or if on any demurrer, ju.dg-& (aidant, ment shall be given a-gaiuft the plaintiff, the defendant or.

defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants "hath or have in any other cases by law.

A. pnUick

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority afors-aft- said, That this act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to

lie a public act, and be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other persons whatsoever, without specially -pleading the same.

4

C H A , P.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

CHAP. XX.

An Act for continuing and amending the fevered ABs, for making, widening., and repairing the Road leading front the Town of Ltwra/lie, it: the County of Limerick, to the Ci'y of Limerick, and from lienee to the Bounds of the Counties of Limerick and Cork, between the Towns of Killmaiiock and Charkville, and to continue an Act passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, Entitled, An Act to continue and amend an Act passed in the Fifth Year of His (ate Majesty s Reign, Entitled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Newcafie in the County of Limerick, to the City of Limerick, and from thence to the City of Cork.

WHEREAS an act passed in the fifth year of the reign Rmul; of his late Majesty King George the second, entitled,

An act for repairing the road leading from the town of Newcastle, in the county of Limerick, to the city of Limerick, and from thence to the city of Cork-, as also an act passed in the nineteenth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, entitled, An act to continue and amend an aB, for repairing the road leading from the town of Newcafie, in the county of Limerick, to the city of Limerick, and from thence to the ci'y of Cork-, as also an art passed in the twenty-eighth year of the ncitda* reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act to continue and ' amend an aB, passed in the fifth year of his laic Majesty s reign, entitled, an act for repairing the road leading from the town of Newcafie, in the county of Limerick, to the city of l.imerick, and from thence to the city of Cork, are near expiring; and it

J t J 1 , mMr vxpntng

is expedient to continue an act for making widening, and

w t'ypcJitfil to

repairing so much of said road, as lies within the county, a.iii.-or county of the city of Limerick, that is to say, from the town of Newcastle, in the county of Limerick, to the city lo'i; of Limerick, and from thence to tile bounds of the counties of Limerick and Cork, between the towns of Killmaiiock and Charleville: be it therefore enacted by the King's weft excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and conf.-nt of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, end by the authority of the Von. XVI. 8 ,e" fame,

66t A.D.

mi-

G'6'2 Yhe thirtj-lbird Year of George III.

A. L'. fame, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, 1793- one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, it shall be in the power of the right honourable lord Fitz-Gibbcn, the r>gllt: honourable lord Pery, the right honourable lord Muf-liti.innarate), kerry, the right honourable lord Maffey, the honourable Ed-

mid th» ic fur*

vivurs, &c. mond Henry Pery, the right honourable Silver Oliver, nr and ciift Henry Hartflonge, baronet, fir Richard Oiiin, baronet, tir Vere Hunt, baronet, fir Hugh Dillon Maffey, baronet, honourable John Maffey, honourable Edward Maffey, Henry Baily, esquire, Sexton Baily, esquire, Gerald Blennerhaffett, esquire, John Brown, esquire, Chidley Coote of Aihhiil, esquire, Charles Conyers, juiiior, esquire, John Croker, esquire, Joseph ViHiers, esquire, Stephen Creaghe, esquire, John Creaghe, esquire, Edward Croker of Ballyneguard, esquire, Robert Cripps, esquire, James Cooper, esquire, Raymond Evans, esquire, William Fitz-Gerald, esquire, Henry Fofbery, esquire, Francis Fofbery, esquire, Edmond Fitz-Gcrakl of Ballinvira, esquire, Richard Harte, esquire, Robert Holmes, esquire, Lancellot Hill, clquire, Thomas Lloyd of I’n spedl, esquire, reverend Richard Lloyd, John CopLn Langford, esquire, William Lloyd, esquire, George Maunfcl, esquire, reverend William Maunfel, Eyre Maffey, esquire, John Maffey of Bohir, esquire, James Fitz-Gerald-Maffey, 'clquire, William Maffey, esquire, William Thomas Monfell, esquire, reverend chancellor William Maunfel!, Eaton Maunfel, esquire, the mayor of Limerick, for the time being, Colin Maxwell, esquire, Terence Monfell, esquire, William Norris, esquire, Thomas O'Dell, esquire, Richard Oliver, esquire, Joseph Peacock, esquire, Caleb Potvell, esquire, John Pigott, esquire, Charles Silver Oliver, efij-uire, Robert Powell, esquire, Thomas Goodrick Peacock, esquire,'Windham Quin, esquire, alderman David Roche. Thomas Henry Roycc, esquire, Francis Russell, esquire, William Reeves, esquire, John Prendergast Smyth, esquire, 'Philip'Smyth, esquire, Crosbie Morgell, esquire, Michael Scanlan,.esquire, Maurice Studdart, junior, esquire, Richard Taylor, esquire, John Tuthill, esquire, Christopher Tuthiii, esquire, Charles Vcrekcr, esquire, Ralph Westroph, esquire, William Wiifon, esquire, Walter Widcnham, esquire, Samuel Dickson, esquire, Standish Grady of Grange, esquire, William Gabbett, esquire, John Grady, esquire, Standish Grady of Elton, esquire, Standish Grady of Cappercullen, 5 esquire,

Tie thirty-third Year of George III. 663

esquire, Joseph Gubbins, esquire, John Thomas Monfel, esquire, William OBell, esquire, John Westrop of Atty-flynn, esquire, John Waller, esquire, John Westrop of Bal-lyfteen, esquire, John Greene, esquire, William Smyth, esquire, William Thomas Locke, esquire, the reverend William Butler 0‘Dell, James Gubbins, esquire, reverend Richard Gibbons, reverend Jonathan Bruce, doctor William Furlong, Joseph Furlong, esquire, Derby 0‘Grady, esquire, Chidley Cootc of Mount-Coote, esquire, the reverend John Parker, Christopher Saunders, esquire, the reverend James Ellard, George Stamer Gubbins, esquire, the Teverend William A(he, fir Christopher Knight, John Lloyd, esquire, Henry Harding, esquire, Samuel Tomkins, esquire, D'Courfcy 0‘Grady, esquire, Stancfish 0‘Grady, esquire, Mr. Robert Maxwell, Anthony Lefroy, esquire, George Smyth, esquire, who are hereby nominated and appointed trustees of the said road, and the survivors of them, or any seven or more of them, or such person or persons as they, or any seven or more of them shall authorize and appoint, to continue or erect, or cause to be continued or erected one or more gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes in, upon, or across any part or parts of the said roads; and also a loll-house or toll-

A.D. 1793. Chap. 20.

houses, and there to receive and take the tolls and duties mils :o be following, before any horse, mare, gelding, afs, or mule, tak"': cattle, coach, berlin, chariot, calash, chaise or chair, waggon, wain, cart, car, or other carriage shall be permitted to pass through the fame; for every coach, berlin, chariot, cmcii.ftc. calalh, chaise, or chair, drawn by fist horses, mares, geld- tc. 2s.2d.’ ings, act’es or mules, the sum of two shillings and two pence; for every coach, berlin, chariot, calalh, chaise, or chair crach Redrawn by four horses, marcs, geldings, asses or mules, the m. 7;a.r" sum of one shilling and seven pence halfpenny; for every Cnach, Sc. coach, berlin, chariot, caiaih, chaise, or chair drawn by two s,loir'! horses, mares, geldings, asses or mules, the sum of eight pence; for every waggon, wain, cart, car, or other carriage waggon, tv. with four wheels, drawn by two horses, marcs, geldings, and^'oifcs!' oxen, asses or mules, the sum of one Drilling and seven pence cj Jj’1, halfpenny; and for every additional horse, mare, gelding, 'V cx,.afs or mule drawing the fame, the sum of two pence; &c. for every waggon, wain, cart, car, or other carriage with waggon, &c. two wheels, drawn by three horses, mares, geldings, oxen, andjbotib;* asses or mules, the sum of five pence; for every waggon, &c'5d'

8 E 2 wain,

Chap. 20.

-waggon, S c. cliawii by 2 horses, See. 3<1-

chaifc v.iih i horse, 4<1*

car, 5c- with I lioifc, &c. i ;a.

-cvety horse,

5 c. to be ridden, ){d. 'horse, &c. not drawn or ridden id. ic. per score fur oxen, & c. 6d. per score Fur calves, &c,

money veiled in trullcc-,

and applinl as hereafter;

toll*, on n--glcil of payment, to l>c levied bydif-trefj,;

distufs may he fold after j days.

Tickets to paf* fr.-m Kewcadle to I.imeiiex*, and no fur' liter.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

vain, cart, car, or other carriage, wiLh twj wheels, drawn by three horses, marcs, geldings, oxen, aflcs or mules, the sum of five pence; for every waggon, wain, cart, car, or other carriage, drawn by two horses, marcs, geldings, oxen, afies or mules, the sum of three pence; for every carriage commonly called a chaifc or chair, with one horse, marc, or gelding, the sum of four pence; for every car, cart, or other carriage, having but one horse, mare, gelding, ox, afs or mule, the sum of one penny halfpenny; for every horse, gelding, mare, afs or mule, whereon one or more persons shall ride, the sum of one penny halfpenny; for every horse, mare, gelding, afs or mule, loaden or unladen, and not drawn, or not having any person riding thereon, the sum of one penny; for every drove of oxen, or neat cattle, the sum of one shilling per score, and for every drove of calves, hogs, llieep, or lambs, the sum of six pence per score; and the money so to be raised, shall be veiled in said trustees, and applied to the uses herein after mentioned; and the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, or such person or persons as they or any five or more of them, under their hands and seals shall duly authorize, are hereby empowered to levy the tolls and duties aforesaid, upon any person or persons, who after demand thereof, shall neglect or refuse to pay the same, by distress of any cattle or goods, upon which such tolls and duties are hereby imposed, or any goods or chattels whatsoever, of such person or persons so neglecting or refusing to pay such tolls or duties, and may detain such cattle, goods or chattels, until such toll or duty, with the reasonable costs and charges of distraining and keeping the fame, shall be paid; and if such tolls or duties, with such reasonable costs and charges, shall not be paid within five days next after such distress shall be so taken, it shall and may be lawful for the said trustees, or any five or more of them, or such person or persons as they or any five or more of them shall authorize as aforesaid, to fell the cattle, goods or chattels so distrained thereby to levy the tolls and duties which such person or persons shall so neglect or refuse to pay, together with such reasonable costs and charges, returning the overplus upon demand, to such person or persons.

II. And be it e united by the authority aforesaid, That the tickets taken at the several gates cr turnpikes erected, or to be eroded by virtue of this and the said former acts.

The thirty-third Year of George III. L65

on the 'road leading from the said town of Newcastle, to A.D.

the find city of Limerick, shall be taken and accepted of, *'93-

' 11 1 Chap. 20.

at all and every such gates as are, or shall be erected on y~—>

the said road from Newcastle, to the city of Limerick, and

no further.

III. And be it further enacted by the antborily aforesaid, Tickets to

j»af» /rom

That the tickets taken at the several .^ates or turnpikes city of Lime-crefied, or to be erefied by virtue of tljis, and' the former of eo'.'c.TIk'j* aft, on the road leading from the city of Limerick, to the bounds of the county of Cork, shall be taken and accepted of, at all and every such gates as are or shall be erected on the said road from the said city of Limerick, to the bounds of the county of Cork aforesaid, and no further.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Eiprawtf

4 4 , ercCiing turn-

That out of the nrft monies to arise by such tolls or duties pikes *c. j to be gathered and collected at the turnpike or turnpikes tol.i-

! crefied, or to be erected on the said road leading from the I",

town of Newcastle, to the city of Limerick, the said truT- m°-

4 me*;

u-cs, or any seven or more of them, shall pay and discharge the expences of erecting turnpikes and toll-houses in and upon the said road, for the better collecting of the tolls and duties aforesaid; and after the purposes aforesaid shall be fc completed, then that the tolls and duties to be taken at the febi*1'. gates erected, -or to be erected as aforesaid, on the road leading from the town of 'Newcastle, to the city of Limerick, be applied for, and towards the making, widening, and repairing the said road leading from the town of Newcastle, to the city of Limerick, and towards the payment of the fa-larics to the collector, surveyor, and other persons ilafioned. or employed thereon, or in paying such person or persons such sum and sums of money as shall be contracted by the said.trustccs, err any five or more of them, for the making, widening, and repairing said road, or any part of the find road, and which the said tmflees, or any seven or more of them, are hereby empowered to do; and that out of the tolls and duties to be taken at the sates erected, or to be "‘tuf;011'

p ... . from city of

crefied, -on the road leading from the city of Limerick, to Limerick to the bounds of the county of Cork aforesaid, the said truf- C0, w tees, or any seven or more of them, shall pay and discharge tk expences of erecting turnpikes and toll-houses in and upon the find road, for the belter collecting the tolls and duties aforesaid; and after the purposes aforesaid shall be

Vol. XVI. S 1; completed

s.

666 The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

completed then that the tolls and duties to be taken at the 1793- gates crected, or to'be credled as aforesaid, on the said road IfLfjf leading from the city of Limerick, to the bounds of the county of Cork aforesaid, shall be applied towards the 'making, widening, and repairing the said road, and towards the payment'of the Salaries to the collector, surveyor, and other persons stationed and employed thereon, or-in paying such person or persons such firm and sums of money as shall be centra died for by the said trustees, or any five or more of them, for the making, 'widening, -or repairing Laid read, or any part of the said roads, and which (he said trustees, or :any seven or more of them, are hereby empowered to-do.

V. Provided always, That no part of the said roads shall be so ordered to 'be made, widened or repaired, unless the person contracting for the fame, do swear an affidavit in the form following.:

Oath to be :j du /wear, that J have lately viewed and

made I»y cou-

nmciois. me of it red 'plantation fere ha of the turnpike road, (from the town of Newcastle, in the county of Limerick, to the cry of Limerick, or from the city of Limerick, to the bounds of tit. county of Cork, between Killmallock and Char/eville), between the'lands of -and

and including my wages at the rate of one shilling and six pence

by the day, that it will require the sum of (ffe finally to make, widen, or repair the said

plantation perches, being at 'the rale of by the 'planta-

tion perch, and that the said work is necessary, and including such my wages, that it cannot be esse filially done for a lesser jm to the-best of myJhill and judgment, and as I verily believe.

Surveyors af- And "unless one of the Purveyors of the said road, who shall

ii.lavit at foot

fcomrac- be appointed in-manner herein after mentioned, (nail, at the

"or foot of such contraCior’s affidavit, swear an affidavit in the

form following:

J do swear, that I have, within fourteen

days last fast, hfpefied the entire if the turnpike road in At above affidavit merit toned, and that the p/antatice

perches thereof therein described, at frefent Jlanis mere in tieri of being made, widened, or repaired, than any other part oi farts of ftiid toad, as I verily believe, and that the work in the above affidavit mentioned, is necessary, and including wages 4- ' j'-r

The thirty-third Year of George III. 667

for the contractor at the rate of one fulling and fx fence by the A.D. Jay, that it cannot be done for a kf'er sum then at the rate of 1793-by the plantation perch, to the bef of my fkiil jJ-j—f end judgment, and-as I verily believe.

Provided also, That no money so contracted for making, Noor.k-r widening, or repairing ar.y part of said road, shall be or- u"k£>n"t’ dered to be paid, wiless the person who so contracted, shall swear an affidavit in the form following.: lu"s:

I ' -do swear, that I have effectually and Oatk.

completely made, widened or repaired plantation

perches of the turnpike road from the town of Newcastle, in the county of Limerick, to the city of Limerick, or from the city of Limerick, to the bounds of the county of Cork, between Kill- . mdllock and Charleville, by me eontradled for, between the lands of and at a meeting of the

Urufiees of the said road,-on the day of last,

t

And unless one o'f such surveyors shall, at the foot of such Oaih of rm-contradtor’s affidavit, swear an affidavit in the form. following.:

7 do-swear, that I have within fourteen

days Icif pdf, irfpelted the plantation perches,

mentioned in the above affidavit, and that the same are effectually and completely made, widened, or repaired as above is set forth, to the bef of my Jhill and judgment, and as I verily believe.

Which affida vits the said traftees, or any three or more of Aflkfcmis them, may swear the parties to; and the treasurer of said a,t toad shall keep all such affidavits on files for that purpose, for the inspection of all or any person or persons who shall think proper.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Penalty on That if any person or persons having land in his, her, or their pofuffion, adjoining to, or near any turnpike or toll-house credicd or built on the said road, of any part thereof, fons :i"our!i,

to avy.il loiU,

shall knowingly permit or fufTer any person or persons to pass zo*. through His, her, or their lands, in order to such person or persons-avoiding the' payment of any such toll or tolls, duty Or duties by this act iir.posed, and be thereof convicted by - If F 2 the

'668 The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before 1793' the said trustees, or any seven or more of them; or before any one or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county where such offence shall be committed, which oath the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, or such justice or -justices are hereby authorized and empowered to administer, every person for every such offence as he or they shall be so convicted, shall forfeit and pay to the said truf-toes, to be applied in manner as the tolls.and duties aforesaid inicdbydif- are (Jjre<sted to be applied, the sum of twenty '/billings to be levied by distress and sale of the goods of the person or persons so offending, by warrant under the hands and deals of said trustees, or any seven or more of them, or of such justice or justices, rendering the o verplus upon demand to the owner.

Turnpikes,

VII. And be it further-enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said trustees, or any fijesufroad: fCVcn or more of them, to erect turnpikes'Ortoll-haufes, er a turnpike or toll-house on the fide of the highway, across any way leading out -of said road, and -there to receive and bcpaMnwe take the toll and -duties by this act imposed; provided that no tiiaii oi.ee a person shall in any one day, be subject to pay such toll or duty a ft con d time.

VIII. And be it Further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ciJiraois'; That the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, at their first meeting, or any succeeding meeting, by -writing under their hands and deals, shall and may cleft, nominate, and appoint one or more fit person or personsto be receiver or receivers, collator or collectors of such money, in the name of such toll or duty as.shall be due and payable by virtue of an.] i or more this act; and also one or more fit person or persons to be Fur-veyor or surveyors, to see the condition of the said highway or road, and to see that the fame be repaired and amended, and that the money arising and expended by virtue of thi6 ami ma>-ir- aft, be duly applied, and from time to time to remove such

n.on-them, J rr

-n.t colJetfors, receivers, and surveyors, or an.y or either of them, Dt»o..i>, as tjjey yj,aj| fce occasion, and appoint new ones-in case of death, -or of such removal, an.y such person or persons as is or are :by this act 'liable to pay the said toll or duty, -is and are hereby -required to pay the same after the rates aforesaid, to the said receiver or receivers, collector or collectors of the said toll or duty in that behalf, from time to time so to be i appointed;

The thirty-third Year of George III. 66(j

appointed and all fudi surveyor or surveyors as aforesaid, A.D. before lie or they shall be entitled to be paid his or their fa- 1793* laty or salaries, shall upon the first: Monday in every month, ~2'

oroftener, if thereto required by any three or more of the

1 ' ' ftvm «lii-rc-

said trustees, which the said trustees, or any three or more in U«k of them, are hereby empowered and required to fwcarhimlo, uwir I'.iUri.s. that he hath, within fourteen days then last, inspected the entire of the said turnpike road to which he hath been so appointed surveyor, and that he hath therein made a true return of all and every encroachment or encroachments that have, since the last meeting of the trustees, been made thereon, or on any part thereof, and that he hath as far as -in his power, prosecuted all offenders therein according to law, and rur«.-yon »n.i that as well such surveyor or surveyors, collector or collcc- account upon tors, shall on the first Monday in every month, or oftener if MvmiJyfa required, during the continuance of this act, upon oath as m, n«a: aforesaid, give in a true, exafl, and perfect account in writing under their respective hands, of all money which lie and they, and every or any of them shall to such time have received, paid and distributed by virtue of this act, by reason of their respective offices, for which oaths, or any of them, !m no fee or reward shall be taken; and in case any money so received, shall remain in their or any of their hands, the fjime shall be paid to the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, or to such person or persons as the said trustees, or any seven or h

more of them, as they are qualified to act, shall by any writing or writings under their hands and fcals, authorize and empower to receive the same, which shall be according to the true intent and meaning of this act, and not otherwise; and the miilcw to said trustees, or any seven or more of them, to whom such a'coam^ account shall be given, shall and may out of the money ari- kiu>-.v-sing by the said toll or duty, make such allowance to the said receiver or receivers, collector or collectors, surveyor or *iyin«, surveyors, for and in consideration- of his and their care and i,8, sc. pains respectively taken in the-execution of his and their office and offices, and to- such othcF person- or persons who have been or shall be a (lifting in- and about procuring the said road, or any part thereof, to be amended or repaired, by advancing or laying,out any fumy or- otherwise relating theretoi a9 to-them shall fisem- fair and iu-ft; nr-ovided- 'no- such. al- Uomc«u>

J V, rail.Ann not

lowance or allowances to any fuete -receiver Of receivers, eol- t«t cxcn d jc). lector or collectors-do annually exceed in (he whole the sum ff'

Crjo Y&e thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

of forty pounds for each of the said roads, or to any fuel,

1793- surveyoror furvevors, the sum of two shillings and six pence Chap. 20. / or

by the day, during such time or times as he or they shall be

ji'fij'adaj- refPedively employed in the repair of the said road, and

while e.n- that no such allowance or allowances to any other person or

Titwai’ce to persons who shall be employed by virtue of this act, do c:<-

nilrto^txa’tii cecd the sum of fifteen pounds yearly for each of the said

15I a uar, roa(js. and in case the said receiver or receivers, collefloror

1 iil.n

if c.licflors collectors of the aforesaid toll and duty, or any of them,

titglcft 10 ac* n ,t

count ami mail not make such account and payment unto such person and persons, according to the orders and dirediens of the

lions, nuy said trustees, or any five or more of them as aforesaid, that

ciiqtnic and 1 1

c(.termini-, then the said justices of the peace, at any special sessions or

ablicriuj; . J 1 J 1

meeting of them to be holden for the county in which the said receiver or receivers, coliedor or collectors, have afled or have been employed, and make such default as aforesaid, filall and are hereby required and empowered to make enquiry, and finally to determine of and concerning such default as well by confession or etaminat'ion upon oath of the said parties themselves, ns by the testimony of one or mure credible witness or witnesses upon oath, which oath they are hereby empowered and required to administer without fee or reward; and if any person or persons shall be convicted thereof by such justices, the said justices upon such conviction, shall commit the party or parties to the common gaol of the county where such offence shall be committed, there to remain without bail or mainprize, until he or they shall have made a true and perfect account and payment' as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be latvful for each surveyor or surveyors so to be appointed, and such person or persons as they shall employ in the making, widening, or repairing the said road, or any part thereof, to dig, raise, gather, take, and carry away any gravel, sand, stones, or other materials out of any waste or common, in or near which it shall be necessary to make, widen, or repair the said road, or any part thereof, without paying any thing for the fame; and in case fmvi-ynrs, by there shall not be sufficient of such materials in any such Itw/imy wade or common convenient’to the place or places where

Muhii's'1'11' it shall be necessary to make, widen, or repair the said road,

r.oill ' ' 5 01

upon conv.c* turn commit trtl to gaol until they account MF-

veyors,

kc. may dip and cat*} ma tcrinU in t of rcmtmoit. kc for N’prtlVnp road, with-rut paying;

if not fufli-ciciU therein,

The thirty-third Year of George III. 671

or any part thereof, it shall andmay be lawful for such fur- A.D. veyor dr surveyors, by order under the hands and fealsof the filid trustees, or any five or more of them, to dig, gather, raise, and take the fame in one of the several or any of the grounds of any person or persons convenient to the place or <1. S<- (-:-places where it shall be necessary to make, widen, or repair the said road, or any part thereof, not being a garden,

-orchard, yard, meadow, gravel-walk, or any avenue to a house where any such materials are or may be found, and from time to time to carry away so much thereof, as such surveyor or surveyors in their respective places shall adjudge necessary for the making, widening, or repairing the said road, or any part thereof, paying such rale for such materials, and for the damage to the -owner or occupier of the ground from |t’I>1-whence the same shall be digged, raised, gathered, or carried away as the trustees appointed, or to be appointed to put this act in execution, or any five or more of them fllall adjudge reasonable; and in case of any difference betw’een j"«fcorj:r-such owner or occupier, and the said trustees, touching the livecn owner* value of the materials and damage aforesaid, the judges of -assize and general gaol delivery, or the justices of the peace, at the quarter-sessions to be holden in the county where such fdKntut., materials shall be digged, raised, or gathered, and from whence finally; the same shall be carried away, shall and may adjudge, assess, and finally determine the fame; and if any person or per- f»*jw fons shall obflriidt or prevent any such surveyor or surveyors, rmi-yu*,. or any person or persons who by them, or any of them, shall be employed in digging, raising, or tarrying away such materials, every such person or persons so obstructing or preventing, being thereof convicted before the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, who are hereby empowered to hear and determine the fame, or before any justice of the peace for the county where such offence shall be committed, by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, which oath 'he and they is and are hereby empowered to administer, shall for every such offence forfeit and pay to the said trustees for the uses and purposes of this act, a sum not exceeding five pounds, to be levied by warrant under the bunds and seals of the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, or of such justice or justices, by distress and sale of the goods of such i -;-11, jy. offender, rendering the overplus upon demand to the owner. lrtf"

S'G; X. And

A.D. 1793.'Chap. 20.

5>l|rv«*\'Orc» nr.cl prisons by ilicm appointed. co rerrnvc ai> ooyamc , £;c. a? litre!"

owners or occupiers lie* glebing to icmove fueJi, 2 days after notice, to ic-imburse charges;

penalty for 2il offence 101.

causewnys, drains &c. may be erected in contiguous gtom;d$;

Tie thirty-third Year of - George III.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it fliatll and may be lawful to and for the f.iid surveyor or surveyors, and such person or persons as he or they shall appoint, and they are hereby required diligently from time to time to remove and prevent annoyances on any part of the said road hereby intended to be repaired, by removing any filth, firaw, potatoc-stalks, dung, ashes, rubbish, water-courses, finks, or drains running into or upon the said highways or roads, and by cleansing- any ditch or water-course adjoining to the said road, or by cutting down, lopping or topping, and carrying away any trees or bushes growing in or over the said road, or any part thereof, or in any hedge or bank adjacent thereto, or any part thereof, and to take and carry away the fame, the owners or occupiers neglecting to cut down such trees or bullies, or to remove such other annoyances for the space of two days after notice in writing given for thalpurpose, under the hand or hands of such surveyor or surveyors, or of any two or more of the said trustees, the charges whereof shall be re-imbursed to the said surveyor or surveyors, trustee or trustees, by such owner or occupier so neglecting to cut down the said trees or bushes, or to remove such other annoyances as aforesaid; and if after removal of any of such annoyances, any person or persons shall again offend in the like kind, every such person or persons so offending, and being thereof convicted by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses before the said trustees, or any five or more of them, who are hereby empowered to hear and determine the fame, or before one or more justice or juf-liccs of the peace for the county where such offence shall be committed, shall for every furh offence forfeit and pay unto the said trustees, the sum of ten shillings, to be levied in manner aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may. be lawful to and for the said surveyor or surveyors, by order of the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, or such person or persons as such surveyor or surveyors shall appoint, to cut, make, and ercdl, or cause to be made, cut, and erected, causeways, drains or -ditches, through and upon any ground lying contiguous to the said road, and to ered arches of brick, timber, or stone thereupon, in- such places, and' in such manner, as such fui-

3 veyor

The tfjutj-third Year of George III. 673

veyor or surveyors, by order of the said trustees, or any A.D. seven or more of them fiiali adjudge necessary, for the bet- Q]'Jp ^j0 ler amending and keeping the said road, and every part v-^v—1 thereof, in good repair, by opening, cleansing, and taking into the said road, or any part thereof, such part or parts of the grounds of any person or persons lying contiguous thereto, not being a house, garden, orchard, planted walk, not bring a or avenue to a house, as shall be deemed necessary by the den/ic." said trustees, or any seven or more of them: making such fetisfefiion reasonable satisfaction to the owner or occupier of such jn case of ground through which any such causeway, drain, ditch, or arch shall be cut, erected, or made, for the damages which P'S'*1 b/

’ 7 0 jiulgtS of

lie or they shall, or may thereby sustain, as shall in case of or any difference concerning the same, be assessed and adjudged .^aner fef-by the next going judge or judges of assize, at the next general assizes, or by the major part of the justices at the next sessions of the peace, to be holden for the county in which said ground through which any such causeway, drain, ditch or arch shall be cut, erected, or made, shall be; and owners or

f. r ditches, nc-

11 any owner or occupier of any water-courte or water- giving u> courses, ditch or ditches, adjoining to the said road, or SiiVuch, any part thereof, shall neglect or refuse to scour or cleanse such water-course, or to make such ditches so deep, and veyor.&c.

r -_., may set man

in such manner as the surveyor or surveyors shall adjudge to work proper and convenient, after eight days notice shall be given for that purpose, by such surveyor or surveyors, or by such " person or persons as shall be by him or them so appointed, by difirei*, to such owner or owners, it shall and may be lawful to and for such surveyor or surveyors, 'or such person or persons to be by him or them so appointed, to set any man or men to work to scour or cleanse and make the fame, and by warrant under the hands and seals of any seven or more of the said trustees, or of any justice or justices of the county in which such water-course or ditch shall be, to levy’ the charges thereof upon the persons, goods or estates of the owner or owners, occupier or occupiers of such water-course, ditch or ditches, by distress and sale of his, her,

or their goods and chattels, rendering the overplus upon demand, to such owner or occupier, after all charges paid.

XII. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful_Appeal to for such owner or occupier, who shall think himself or them- next sessions,

8 H

selves

giving 8 days

674 2"Ze ihtrij-ih'ird Year of George III.

A.D.

selves aggrieved, to complain to the justices at the nest 1793- sessions of the peace for the county in which such water-course or ditch shall be, of his or their being so aggrieved, giving eight days notice to fitch surveyor or surveyors of such his or their intention to complain, and said justices shall give such relief, or dismiss such complaint, as to them shall fccm meet.

9Trultces

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, awiguouj3' That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said truf-Jniits for tc or any njne or more of them, to ascertain, describe,

ualcnltig

1 w t-t and set apart such part and proportion of the lands adjoin-ingtiiccourf:, ing, or contiguous to the said road, or any part thereof, or which otherwise lie most convenient for widening the said road, or any part thereof, to a breadth not exceeding forty-one feet, from ditch to ditch, and for carrying or altering the course of, or continuing the fame, or any part thereof rot being straight, or in more convenient lines, not being houses, gar-!i"usiic.r dens, parks, paddocks, avenues, plantations, or planted walks, as the said trustees, or any nine or more of them shall judge necessary, for widening or altering the course of, or carrying on the fame, or any part thereof straight,

1 may treat or in more convenient lines as aforesaid,; and the said truf-&clVortees’ or any n>nc or more them, are hereby further au-comjicaa-; thorized and empowered to treat and agree with the owners, and others intcrefied in the said grounds, to be made use of in widening the course of altering or carrying the said road, or any part thereof straight, or in more convenient lines as aforesaid, for such recompense and satisfaction to be made to such owner and others for the fame, out of the tolls and duties to arise by virtue of this act, as the said trustees, or any nine or more of them shall think fit and reasonable; in case of and iu case any person or persons shall neglect or refuse to d^r'billiy'in treat or aSree as aforesaid, or through any disability by owneri. s-c. non-age, coverture, or special limitation, in any settlement uiiicawar- or settlements, or by reason of any other impediment can-toTmpand1/ not, or shall otherwise howsoever refuse to dispose of their juiy, Stc. respective interests in such lands as the said trustees, or any nine or more of them, shall think convenient, for the widening, altering the course of, or fttortening the said road, or any part thereof, or carrying the fame, or any part thereof, in more'convenient lines; in every or any such case, the fticl trustees, or any nine or more of them, are hereby

The thirty tl ini Year of George III. 6 75

hereby authorized and empowered to issue forth their warrant A.D.

or warrants to the sheriff or flic riffs of the county wherein ‘79.V

J Chan- 2C«

such ground doth lie, to impanel and return before the

trustees, or any nine or more of them, at such time and

place within the said county as shall be appointed in such

warrant or warrants, a sufficient jury, who upon their oath,

which oath the said trustees, or any nine or more of

them, are hereby empowered and required to administer;

shall enquire into the true and real value of such ground so

to be made use of for the said highway or road; and such verdiaof

verdids or inqnifitions as shall be found and returned by the Knl^vatae

said jury, ascertaining the value of such ground, shall be

final and conclusive, as well to the said trustees as to the fi"3'-

several and respective owners and proprietors of such

ground, notwithstanding any disability or incapacity whatsoever.

XLV. And for as much as the money to be collected by such receipt of the toll, will not at present be sufficient for the speedy widening or repairing the said respective roads: be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the !; Tnftccs said trustees, or any fifteen or more of them, shall and "jj'f" may, and are hereby empowered from time to time, by H ‘°n^bc"‘ writing under their respective hands and seals, to assign uin.-on.) over the said tolls or duties hereby granted, and to be paid cfcrgnost on the said respective roads, or any part thereof, subject |jsr nevertheless to the debentures now ther.on respectively, the cost and charges whereof to be borne and paid out of such toll or duty, for any time or term during the continuance of this act, as a security for any sum or sums of money by them to be borrowed for that purpose, to such person or persons, or their trustees, who shall advance and icr.d the same to secure the repayment thereof, with lawful in-tcreft, (but subject as aforesaid) or less, if the fame can be so had, which said money borrowed, shall be applied and to hr disposed of in manner and to such use as the tolls and duties aforesaid are herein before directed to be applied, and to no "3toihcfc. other use, intent or purpose whalf. ever.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Tii.fl.cs That it shall and may be lawful for the said trustees, or any fifteen or more of them, at any meeting to be held by Pj"uf them, from time to time, to make out orders under their hands to the tr^afurer or receiver of the respective tolls or 8 H 2 duties

6)6 The thirty-third 2'car of George III.

A.D.

duties to arise by virtue of this act, to pay such person or

1793- persons as shall be named therein, their executors, admini-

-C*il3P "20>

____’ strators and assigns, the growing interest of the sum or sums

now due to the debentures on the said respective roads, and the sum or sums which shall be raised or borrowed thereon, and to be mentioned in such order or orders, by half-yearly payments, until the principal sum or sums now due to the said debentures on the said respective roads, or in such

no fudumltr order or orders to be mentioned, shall be discharged; pro-

mnre than vided that no such order shall he given for a sum exceeding

Cu!l l^e sum fifty pounds on each of the said roads; and trcniumr to fuc], treasurer or receiver shall arithmetically number all

number ce- . J

linitut-rt such debentures as are now ontstanding on the said roads 9ritlimeiic.il reppCfl;ve]y; an^ all fuc]1 orcJer5 as shall be so made or delivered out, commencing with number one, until the whole

tleiicmurcs shall be numbered; and that it shall and may be lawful

tt iiderMe for alle^ every such person and persons to whom money ivtmioiif. js now due by debenture, on the said respective roads, or

nn i’t, upon r

r.oiice to to whom such order or ordeis mail be given, his or their mi*entry executors or administrators, by endorsement, to transfer the ,l'cricr; benefit of such debenture, or order or orders, to such other person or persons as he or they shall think fit; and upon notice of any such endorsement or e-ndorfements to the treasurer or Tcceiver of such tolls and duties, and upon entering a memorial of such endorsement or endorsements tronfuicr to in a book, which such treasurer or receiver is hereby re-n quired to keep for the purpose, and which book such trea-ttitiiont ice. purer or receiver ;s hereby required, without fee or reward, to permit to be viewed by any person, at all reasonable hours, such endorsement and memorial thereof, so to be entered as aforesaid, shall entitle such endorsee or assignee, endorsees or assignees, his or their executors, administrators or assigns, to the foie benefit of such debenture, order or orders, so to be transferred and assigned in manner aforesaid, and such debenture, order or orders may, in the like manner, be transferred by such endorsee or assignee, his executors or administrators, to such other person or persons as he or they shall think fit, and so as often as occasion shall or may require; and that it shall not be in the power of any person or persons who shall have made such assignment or assignments, to release or discharge such debenture, S order

The thirty-third Year of George III. 677

order or orders, '.or the Turn -or sums thereby transferred, or A.D.

any part thereof. ' ChapH'o.

XVI. And be it further enacted "by the authority afore-. J-!

Taid, That when and so Toon -as by receipt of the said tolls

and duties of the said rdfpedlive -roads, there shall be a fur- pta of'iool.

r , ,^rcr paying

plus at any time 'amounting to ithe turn of two Tiondred interest, &c. pounds, 'over and above what shall he sufficient to discha-rge h»vfmmber» the interest of the Tunas mow due to - the <ddbcnturers on of ^cn,"r'*

now uue,tcc»

the said respective -roads, and -c(t the sum so to be -borrowed fee drawa

for each of the said toads, and for the making, widening,-

and repairing 'the said respective roads, and for the -ether -purptifes ‘by this act directed, Tudh Turpins -shall be'atpplied in discharge Of the said prinoi.pal Turns To mow due -on the said respedrve -roads., and 'df - the principal Turns To to -be iborrowed thereon Fefpe&rvdjy; and for (hat end as often as such Turpins -shall so atnoust to two hundred -pounds, the -.treasurer -or teoewor -off 'She Taid idspective roads is hereby required -to cause - the -numbers <cif all ddbentutes mow due thereon, and sill orders SfTued, and -of the Turns therein mentioned to he written -on fqparate tidkets, to he rolled up arid Tealed, and iput into a 'boot or urn, and -well mixed, and an -indifferent iperson fhstH be appointed by the Taid trrilees, or -any five or -more -of -them, who shall -publicity between the hours off twelve and two -o’clobk, -on -a -day whereof and of the purpose -of -meeting, twenty days -previous -notice 20 Jays no shall !be advertised an t£he Limerick -newspapers, -draw out piT -as many -of said tickets as shall amount -to such surplus mcrickP?-

J . r per.";

money, and the Person or persons. to -whom such number «-y to -or nnmhers fb drawn as (hen belong, his -or their cxecu- will amount tors, administrators or -alligns, shall, within twenty days after such drawing, be paid the principal and -interest of the Tunis mentioned in the debentures or orders, -to which such numbers as shall be fb drawn shall -belong, or so much thereof as such sum so to he paid shall amount to; and such person debentures and persons shall -give up his or their said debenture, order be gri!fcr- up -or-orders, to -be cancelled, if the same shall be entirely paid ofi;>

rr 1 v orfomuehof

off; and the interest of the Turns for which such debenture, principal to order or orders, or To much of the principal sum from which such debenture, order or orders shall be, shall cease from and after the space of twenty days next after such drawing.

Vql. XVI. 8 1 XVII. And

67B A.D.

mi-

Clup. 20.

' ..||.T>

mny -.iemVc, fee. ail ur any nI l.ikl tolls, for not nmro'thrm 2 years, l-.y jubliwk cant.

11 Days notice in Li* ‘JlUT'ck [M-

income applied as b1.*-'ujc directed j

p'ircli ifers to: ive tot),

V:*Y r'l‘» tt> i.'ullixv

No fitch l.ilc uriil ro-tic.* 14. days i imerick papers j

towns of Limerick A’nl karhk.a! tac 01.lv placet, o' acting vi' tru.u-cs.

Tie tlirty-llird Year of George III.

XVII. And be it further cna'sted by the authority sfere-said, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said trustees, or any nine or more of them, by any agreement or agreements, lease or leases, demise or demises, to be.by them under their hands and seals executed, to demise, lease, set, or fell all or any part of the said respective tolls and turnpikes, to such person’ or persons for such time and term not exceeding two years, as the said trustees, or any nine or more of them shall think fit, for the belt and moil yearly rent or 'income that can be had or got for the same.

X-Vffl. Provided always, That they shall be so set or sold by public cant to the' highest and fairest bidder,' and that notice thereof shall be given'by advertisement in two at Jcaft of the Limerick r.ewfpapers, fourteen days at lead previous thereto, and (ha'll be continued in every publication of said papers, from iliehce. until the day of said cant, and that all and every fucTi yearly rent' or'income shall be applied in manner as herein before is directed; and that it shall and may be lawful to and' for all, and all and "every such Person or persons who. shall take any lease or leases, demise or demises, of all or any part of the said respective tolls and turnpikes, or as shall buy the fame, for and during said period of time and no longer, to take' and receive to’Iffs and their own proper life and benefit the tolls and duties which shall arise. from such respective turnpikes', as he or they' shall so' respectively take, he or they paying to the said trustees, or to their treasur'er or-receiver, the said respective rents, or yearly income or pufehafe thereof, according to 'their respective agreements, any tiling herein contained to the contrary in any' wise notwithstanding.

XIX. Provided always, That no part of the said tolls or duties, flia.ll he so demised, let, or fold, to any person or persons what foe ver, until notice of the time and place of meeting, to set or fell the said. tolls, shall be so advertised in (he said Limerick newspapers as aforesaid,'fourteen days at the lead before such letting, and that no meeting of the said trustees, in any other place, save in the town of

I.imerick, or in the town of Rathkcal, for any of the purposes for which this act is intended, shall be deemed a meeting within the intent or meaning of this act.

The thirty-third Year of George III. 679

XX. And be it cmifled by the authority aforesaid, That A.D. in case there shall be more than one gate or turnpike in, 1793-across, or on the fide of the said road, leading from the

town of Newcastle, in the county of Limerick, to the city Xo Perish

J J to pay at

of Limerick, or in, across, or on the fide of the said road, ;iun

loading from the city of Limerick, to the bounds of the j y, on pro-county of Cork aforesaid, no person or persons who shall have paid the toll or duty at the first gate or turnpike through which such person or persons shall pass on the said respective roads, and producing a note or ticket that the said toll or duty was paid, which note or ticket' the receiver or receivers, collector or collectors of the said tolls or duties on said respective roads, is, and are hereby required to give gratis, 'shall be liable to pay any toll or duty at any other of the said gates or turnpikes upon, across, or on the fide of the said highway or road, for which such note or ticket shall 6e given, such person or persons delivering the said note or ticket to the said receiver or receivers, collector or collectors of the said toll or duty, at the latter gate or turnpike on such road the fame day; and no person or persons having occasion to pass the place or places, where the toll or duty is taken, who shall return the fame day upon or with the fame horse,' mare, gelding, af>, mule, cattle, coach, chariot, berlin, chaifc, chair, calash, waggon, cart, car, of other carriage, shall be liable or compellable the fame day' to pay the said loll or duty more than once on the said road, for which such note' or ticket shall be given.

XXI. And for preventing frauds and abuses in the colicfling the said tolls or duties; be it further enacted by the F;n.-.:yon authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons having c.w'ing'a paid the toll or duty by this act granted and made payable,

and having such note or ticket, notes or tickets as hereby CTCUt 01 "11, directed, shall give or dispose of the same to any other person or persons, in'order to avoid the payment of the said toil or duty, every such person giving, disposing, or offering, and the person receiving such note or ticket, note or tickets, and being thereof convicted upon oath before the said trustees, or any five or more of them, or before any one or more justice or jttftices of the peace for th: county wherein such offence or offences shall be committed, which' oath the said trullecs, an ’ the said justice or justc,* are K 1 2 lu it by

680 The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

hereby ‘empowered to odminister, Thall respectively forfeit 1793‘ and ;pay "the Tom -of one pound ifterling, :to be levied, re-‘covered, and 'disposed of as any -other penalty or forfei-'ture us (directed -to be levied, recovered, ;«nd 4ifpafed -of by nliis -a'dl.

No toll

XXII. iPrpwided always, That during the -continuance of .’fonsin cs" 'this a<5, a!l jpaffepgers -in (Carriages or on 'horseback shall pass ihoHebicit °" an^ 'retP^6 loll -free, >on the-day or -days -on which there ‘during elec- 'jfhdll :be an '.electian ifor knight or 'knights of the Ibire ta Ximericlcj’ ferite in parliament for the county of kimerick, or -df a ciitiwp'or jditiaens For the 'cauntyof the-dity -of liimer'ick, 'or for -apy ‘burgess -or burgesses for any ‘borough in the or-persons xounty -of liimerick, and that mo person shall he -charged tmls'forrc' 'wiih 'any idf the 'tolls or ‘duties aforesaid, who shall pass pair of road; ithroo^h 'any of the turnpikes to be oredtaS by wtae of this sad, wlro'lhatl -carry any guantiKes -of Itone, -gravel, -or ofher materials for repairing the said toad, or any part thereof, or any other road tn the neighbourhood of said turnpike, or-wiih com -or who shall pass through the' fame -with any carts, cars, w plough!, OT waggons loaded with -corn in the straw icmrjy, -or with to- any ploughs, harrorvs, -or other implements '(if husbandry,

or cattle in order to the tiling of w repairing of the fame, nor shall feT.'or'poT" sny Tudh toll -qr duty-be demanded w taken at any of the ihorfes; turnpikes To to ‘be crewed for -any horse, mare, gelding, afs, -or mule, for -other cattle jjding to Water, -or for any pdft-horse carrying the mail for packet of Setters -of his Major totfe! jesty, his heirs or successors, ;or for such horse -as ns or shall drirers^of onV 10 Tide, 'Or toy the iowner or driver -of any

waggop! &c. -waggon, cart, or carriage; provided such horse pass through the said turnpike or turnpikes wfh such waggon, -cart, -orborfesdf or carriage, mpr shall any toll or duty be demanded -or Ihrirwardi, taken for the horse or horses of any soldier or soldiers ftc^Sig iPafl"in§ 'through the Tame, that is -or are upon his or their them, or ear-march, -or 'for waggons, carts, cars, or other carriages at-iramsorpri- tending then), -or for 'horses, waggons, carts, cars, -or other ' °"s- (carriages travelling with ya’gran'ts feat by pafles, or with prisoners transmitted from one part of the kingdom to ano-tlver.

fTruncc!

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-^omd'for" said, 'That the said trustees, or -any five or more of them, paid quar' '^h's an^ are hereby empowei-ed from time to time as they tcriy. flaall fee -convenient -or think fit, to compound, or agree by the

The thirty-third Year of George III. 681

the year or otherwise, with any person or persons using to (ravel through any of the said turnpike or turnpikes so to be erected on the said road, with any milch cow, horse, mare, or gelding, afs, ox, or mule, or with any coach, berlin, chariot, calash, chaise, chair, waggon, cart, car, or other carriage for any sum or sums of money, to be paid quarterly from time to time after such agreement shall be made.

A.D. 1793. Chap. 20.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Trustees laid, That in case any of the trustees so named and appointed way pointed as aforesaid by this present act, shall happen to die, on«,"being or refuse to ad, that then it shall and may be lawful to and 1'hablt:ims<’F

the co. cr

for seven or more of the said trustees, durinrr the continu- creditor* of

said road.

ance of this present act, to elect and appoint in the room of such person or persons so dfeceased, or refusing to ad, so many more fit and able persons inhabitants of the county, or of the county of the city of Limerick, or creditors of the said road, 'by mortgage or debenture, and no others to join with the trustees hereby appointed in the execution of this present act, and all and every person or persons so rc-speSively elected and appointed, shall and may, and are hereby respectively empowered to ad, to all intents and purposes as the said tru'ftees, who by this present act are empowered to do, and from time to time as often as there shall be occasion.

XXV. Provided always, That no person or persons' ap- Troikcj pointed by this act, or so to 'be appointed trustee or trustees 'place of for putting this act in execution, shall have or accept of S£fi‘a"det any place of profit arising out of, or by reason of the toll

or duty by this act laid or granted,- but such person or perfims From the time of his or their accepting and continuing to be a trustee or trustees, shall be incapable of holding or enjoying such place of profit.

XXVI. Provided also, That no person who shall be here-

‘ # Trnflee to

after elected a trustee, shall act in putting this act in exe- pofrtis afree-cution, who shall not actually be in the possession of a of^i.aycar, freehold estate of the clear yearly value of forty pounds, or who shall not have a personal estate of the clear yearly value at the least of one thousand pounds, at the time of his being elected or acting as a trustee; and that upon any doubt arising of the value of such estates, the person elected, »-b* before he shall be admitted to act as a trustee, if any other eiiau. if re-

Vo l. XVI. 8 K trustee

The thirty-third Year of George III.

trr.fice shall require it,- shall swear tjiat his estate is of the said value, before five trustees assembled at a board, which oath the said trustees are hereby empowered and authorised ’to administer; nor shall any person or persons hereby appointed , or elected trustee or trustees, be admitted or allowed to act ns trustee or trustees, by virtue of this act, who is or are not qualified as aforesaid, any thing Herein contained to the contrary thereof; in anywise notwithstand-

‘ Toils to continue 21 yc;:r*-from

aiui to Me ci.t! of the

next iVffiunj

If within 21 years the majority of

trulU'us nJ. jtidne rodtl liiilicicndy repaired, and j.ll monies paid, tolls Jiioll ccafe.

Trustees to meet on first Monday in May, every year, in Limerick or

R3thkcal,

between 12 and i, to cx amine. See. i4>days'no-.tice by treasurer,-

‘debentures may’be rc-giftered, accounts settled, and ih-tcreft.paid a:

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the toll or duty hereby granted (half take place, and have continuanccfrom and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, for and during the term of twenty-one years, and from thence to the end,of the next session of parliament.

XXVIII. Provided nevertheless, That if at any time before the expiration of the said term of twenty-one years, all parts of the Toads; shall be sufficie.ntly amended and repaired, and so adjudged by the majority ,of the said trustees appointed, or hereafter to be chosen. by virtue of this act, by-an adjudication under their hands and seals, that then, ;and from and after -fitch adjudication made, and repayment of fuel) money, as shall have been advanced or borrowed with interest for the fame, and the cofis and charges there--of, the tolls and duties flia.ll cease and determine, any -thing herein contained to the contrary in anywise nolwish-standing. -

XXIX. And be it turiiicr enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall, ou the.first Monday in the month of May,' in every year during the continuance of this act, meet in the towns of Limerick or Rathkcal, between the hours of twelve and two.o’clock, and shall there examine all books, accounts, receipts, and payments relating to the said roads respectively, of which meeting, and the intention thereof, the treasurer or receiver of the said respective roads -is hereby rc-quired to adverlife; fourteen days, previous notjee in the Limerick newspa.pers; and the creditors of the said road, and their agents, shall and may be at liberty, -at every fuels meeting, to register their debentures, and to settle their accounts respectively, with the trenfu.rcr or receiver of the said -respective roads, and to receive from the trustees such -interest

i

or

The thirty-third Year of George III.

68;

or principal as the funds of the said roads shall enable them A.D. to pay at any such meeting; and that the said trustees, or 1793’ any five or more of them, who shall l'o meet pursuant to fitch notice, shall and may adjourn to any future day, and again meet as'often this act into

sufficient 'number of trustees shall journ, in such case

mgs,

a.s it shall be necessary for putting t'ruiu-.s nny

w a'Jb.irnns

execution ,* and if af any such ' meeting, a oian is i,c-

not appear to act or ad-

general

the treasurer or receiver of the said re-

rrulters do

fpcclive roads, shall by notice, to be ten days previously notanc.id,

1 . ‘ . r ' ireniurerto

affixed at the turnpikes of the said respective roads, and appoint a so-

advertikd in the Limerick newspapers, appoint a future day

within a month, and not Icfs than' a fortnight, for the

meeting of the said trustees; at all and every of which trafi.-csto

meetings the said trustees shall defray their own expen-

ces. c;i'

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- ]n cf said, That if any suit shall be commenced against any per-

Ton or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, m in c». ur the venue shall be laid in the county, or in the county of lLS;!-.; the city of Limerick, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in such aiftion or actions may plead the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter in evidence on any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance, and by the authority of this act; and if it shall appear To to be done,-.or that such action or actions shall be brought in any other country; or if after iiy.alr.thT 'the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, the plaintiff Sr vJriict" shall be non-suited, or discontinue his action,.or in case of a demurrer, if judgment shall be given against the plaintiff w in either or any of such cases, the defendant or defendants shall have and recover treble costs, and the like remedy for the fame, against the plaintiff, as any other defendant or defendants hath or have by law in any other cases.

XXXI. And whereas from the great length of the said road leading from the'bounds of the county of Limerick, to the city of ’Cork, ^being thirty-two Iri.b miles), it is impossible to keep said road in repair, under the present regtir iation of the tolls thereof: be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said road so leading from the bounds of the county of Limerick, to the city of Cork, shall

RojJ di* v’doi ifiio 2

parL

from city of

be divided into two parts; and that so much of said road as

-lies between the city of Cork, and the town of Mallow, shall to be C.ilt.‘d

the louiheui

& K a

hereafter

division;

684

A.D. 1793. Chap. 20.

f'omvMjHo«v o bnumls of c.» Limctiok, ii.'ir'.Krrn <it-v.S.in.

Tolls :o he paid ct:ly once, a day i,i r.icii divi-

J;On.

jicrfons travelling over U»e two dni-fions to pay once a dey at each.

'A pvbfick sA.

Treifurers of laid roads to lodge an account, upon oath, with.cletk of house of commons, on or before ill day of each feiiton.

No interest to be paid until* xom-tnittcc of house of commons resolve that la d road is complete.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

hereafter be distinguished and known by the name of the fouihern'division of the said road; and so much thereof as teaches from said town of Mallow, to the bounds of the county of Limerick, shall hereafter be distinguished and known by the name of the northern division of the said road.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person or persons shall be obliged to pay any of the tolls now payable on said road more than once in the fame day, within either of the divisions of the said road; but every person having paid the toll or duty now imposed at any one of the gates between the city of Cork and the bridge of Mallow, on producing a ticket thereof, shall be permitted to pars free through all the several gates on the said part or division of the road, at any time during the day on which'he‘has once paid the said toll as aforesaid, and so in like manner, having once paid the said toll at any one of the gates on the said other part or division of the road between the said town of Mallow, and the bounds of the county of Limerick, shall, on producing such ticket or note 'thereof, be admitted at any time during the said day, to:pass through the other gates on the said part of the said road; but ills the true intention and meaning of this act, that every person shall pay twice on the fame day, in case he shall travel over more of the Taid road than is contained in one division of the said road.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority a'fore-fiiid. That this act shall Be adjudged, deemed, and taken to ‘be a public act, and shall be 'judicially taken -noiice of as such 'by all judges, justices, and other persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

XXXIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the treasurers of the said roads shall, on or before the fifft day of every session of parliament, lodge with the clerk of the house of commons, an account in writing upon oath, of the Hate of the said roads, and also a particular account of the receipts and payments respect'ing the same.

XXXV. And be :it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no money whatsoever arising out of the tolls Taised or levied under the said Tccited aft, shall be applied to the payment of the intcrelfof any debenture, until a committee of the house of commons shall have Tefolved, that the said road is in good and complete order and condition, any thing in said recited act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

The thirty-third Year of George III. 685

A.D.

CHAP. XXI. JJZL,

Ail AH for the Relief of His Majrffs Pcpifh, or Roman Catholick Sit/jecls of Ireland.

TT T WHEREAS various adlsof parliament have fccenpaffed, W impelling on his Majesty's subjects professing the po-pish or Roman catliolick religion, many restraints and disabilities, to which other ftibjects of this realm are not liable: and from the peaceable and loyal demeanor of his Majesty's popish, or Roman Catholick subjects, it is fit that such rc-flraints and disabilities shall be discontinued: Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That his Majesty's subjects being papists, or persons profclTtng the 'popish or Roman catholick religion, or married to papists, or persons professing the popish or Roman catholick religion, or educating any of their children in that religion, shall not be liable or subject to any penalties, forfeitures, disabilities, or incapacities, or to any laws for the limitation, charging, or discovering of their estates and property, real or personal, or touching the acquiring of property, or Securities affecting property, Save Such as his Majesty's subjects of the protestant religion are liable and subject to; and that such parts of all oaths as are required to be taken by persons in order to qualify themselves for voting at elections of members So serve in parliament; and also such parts of all oaths required to be taken by persons voting at elections for members to Serve in parliament, as import to'deny that the person taking the Same is a papist or married to a papist, or educates his children in the popish religion, shall not hereafter be required to be taken by any voter, but shall be omitted by the person administering the fame; and that it shall not he necessary, in order to entitle a papist, or person professing the popish or Roman catholick religion to vote at an election of members to serve in parliament, that he. should at, or previous to his voting, take the oaths of allegiance and abjuration, any statute now in force to the contrary of any of the said matters in any wise notwithstanding.

Vol. XVI. -8 L II. Provided

[Preamble,

Im M.ijr fly's

ful'jitf > p«u-f'.lllllg lilt? Roman ‘ti’bo-Ikk iflifti.nl.

or man <0! ta or

ctluc itinp their children ill that roli-

n->t liable ‘t [H'llil* tich or inca* l»aci;tes, *\cc. 01 to b*.v» for limitation, &c. of thrir ellatcs and p nporty, &c.

save Inch a> proMhints arcfubjcftto?

such parts of oaths as purport to deny that the person inking the fame is a pa-pill, or married to a pa-pill, &c- nut to lie taken by r. voter sit deftions, hr:, l >bc omitted

o.nhs of ?.llc-yiioice and idijontioti not m-.‘tflar\ ct or previris to

686

A.D. 1793. Chap. 21.

Human ca-tlmlicka claiming a right to Tote, to perform all qinlification?, &C- a«pro-

trihws in

like cases, save as herein before excepted*

Not to extend to repeal or alter any law requiring qualifications from perfotis in trull under his Majesty, &c. five as herein.

No right to vote at pari Hi veftties, for purposes heretu.

This act - not to assess any action,

&e- now do* pcndini:, if jullituted previous to this session.

Not to nu- thcrixf the kevping of arms, &c. rot to exempt from forfeitures respecting arms, un-lefi» feizai of a fret hold if-

tate of too), per annum,

or pnMtd of a personal < (late of Tcool. or-tip* wards, fa vc as to Roman catholicks of fri'ehoUetljte of iol. ptr »<m. and less than tool, or

The thirty-third Year of George III.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all papists, or persons professing the popish, -or Roman catholick religion, who may claim to have aright of votingfor members to serve in parliament, or of voting for magistrates in any city, town-corporate, or borough, within this kingdom, be hereby required to perform all qualifications, registrics, and other requifrtes, which are now required of his Majesty's protestant subjects, in like cases, by any law or laws-now of force in this kingdom, save and except such oaths and parts of oaths as are herein before excepted.

III. And provided always, That nothing herein before contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to repeal, or alter any law or act of parliament now in-force, by which certain qualifications are required to be-performed by persons enjoying any offices or places of trad under his Majesty, his heirs and successors, other than as herein after is enacted.

IV. Provided also, That nothing herein contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to give papists, or persons professing the popish religion, a right to vote at any parish vestry, for levying of money to rebuild or repair any parish church, or respecting the -demifing or disposal of the income of any estate -belonging to any church or parish, or for the salary of the parish clerk, or at the election of any church warden.

V. Provided always, That nothing contained in this act, shall extend to, or be construed to affect any action, or suit now depending, which shall have been brought or instituted previous to the commencement of this session of parliament.

VI. Provided also, That nothing herein1 contained, shall extend to authorize any-papist, nr person professing the popish or Roman catholick -religion, to have or keep in his hands or possession, any arms, -armour, ammunition, or any warlike {tores, sword-blades, barrels, locks, or flocks of guns, or fire arms, -or to exempt such person from any forfeiture, or penalty inflicted by any.act respecting arms, armour, or ammunition, in the hands or posselhon of any papist, or respecting papists having or keeping such warlike stores, save and except papists, or persons of the popish or Roman catholick-religion, seized of a freehold estate of-one hundred pounds a year, or possessed of a personal estate of one thousand pounds or upwards, who are hereby authorized to keep arms and ammunition as protestants now by law may; and also

The thirty-third Year of George III.

687

also fare and except papists or Reman calholicks. poficiT.r.f: a A. IX freehold estate of ten pounds yearly value, and Id's than one '/ )> hundred pounds, or a personal estate-of three hundred, and Vfs than one thousand pounds, who shall have at the feilic-n

o( a*vl

of the peace in the county in which they reside, taken the U» ii. cjih of allegiance prescribed to he taken by an act! passed in ibiiha.-;.e thirteenth and fourteenth years of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to enable Iris Mnjejifs[abjects, ef inlet-tvr perfiie/hn, to uftify their alkri.ir.ee to him-, and also in

1 ' J J 0 ami nvilicain*

cj’cn court, swear and subscribe an affidavit, that they arc d>viii»pcn poftcfTcd of a freehold estate, yielding a dear yearly profit Cl",rl’<LC' to the person making the same, of ten pounds, or a personal property of three hundred pounds above lus just debts, fpc-eifying therein the name and nature of such freehold, and i*uy t>>i* nature of such personal property, which affidavits shall be affidavit, carefully preserved by the clerk of the peace, who shall have lfn for Ills trouble a'fee of'six pence, and no more, for every i<'r;'"! X

J_o(tit (.fpwtL:

such affidavit; and the person making such affidavits, and

1 v* 7 liK-pctice Ice;

posseffing such property, may keep and wfc arms andammu-nition as protestants may, so long as they shall respectively i»n fscii aft-possefs a property of the annual value of ten pounds, and ma, tf* aim:

upwards, if freehold, or the value of three hundred pounds, "P1011-"

if personal, any statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for papists, or persons professing the popish or Roman catlio- i«;U civil all lick religion, to hold, exercise, and enjoy all civii and mili- got or pia-« tary offices, or places of trust or'profit under his Majesty, his L'Mnj'iiv ;1 heirs, and successors, in this kingdom; and to hold or take may,a|!e(i!. degrees, or any professorship in, or 'be mailers, -or fellow's of any college, to be hereafter founded in this kingdom, pro- l« Wiowv ‘-f

" . > any college

tided that such college shall be a member of the university l0 lit iioaf.

of Dublin, and shall not be founded exclusively for the edu- pVpvillLd^fuJh

cation of papists, or persons profelfing the popish or Roman '*")’'*

-catholick religion, nor cor.fist exclusively of mailers, fellows, univirfuy , y ... of Dublin, tic.

or other persons to be named or defied on the foundation

of such college, being persons professing the popish or Roman catholick religion, or to hold any office or place of trust, in, and to he a member of any lay-body corporate, except Roman ca-the college of the holy and undivided Trinity of queen1 Eliza- bt^msX fceth, near Dublin, without taking and subscribing the oaths !lf;’"yljy'

' ' O D innly

of allegiance, supremacy, or abjuration, or making or sub- fji'c, >xiqit fcibing the declaration required to be taken, made, and sub- i. v, witiimu 8 L 2 faibed.

688 The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D. 1793.

scribed, to enable any person to hold and enjoy any of such --- places, and without receiving the sacrament of the Lord's supper, according to the rights and ceremonies of the church any law, flalute, or bye-law of any corporation

taking the of irc]and, oath of alle-

giimce,&c. to the contrary notwithstanding; provided that every such itcciamion, person shall take and subscribe the oath appointed by the said '.fccHintut"8 a<^ passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his Ma-&c' jetty’s reign, entitled, An act to enable his Majesty's subjects of

whatever perfuafon, to tcjlify their allegiance to him.-, and also the oath and declaration following, that is to say,

The oath. 7 A.'B. do hereby declare, that I do'profess the Roman catholick religion. I A.B. do swear, that J do abjure, condemn, ant detejl, as unchristian and impious, the principle that' it is lawful to murder, defray, or any ways injure any person whatsoever, for, or under the pretence of being an heretick; and I do declare solemnly before God, that I believe, that no aB in itself unjust, immoral, or wicked, can ever be jufiifed or exettfed by, or under pretence, or colour, that it was done either for the good of the church, or in obedience to any ecclesafical power whatsoever. I also declare, that it is not an article of the catholick faith, neither am I thereby required to believe or profess that the pope is infallible, or that I am bound to obey any order in its own nature immoral, though the pope or any ecclesafical power sould issue or dir eB such order, but on the contrary, I hold, that it would be fitful in me to pay any respect or obedience thereto; I further declare, that I do not believe that any fin whatsoever, committed by me, can be forgiven at the mere will of any pope, or of any priefi, or of any person or persons whatsoever-, but that sincere sorrow for pajl fins, a firm and sincere reflation to avoid future guilt, and to atone to God, are previous and indispensable requisites to cjlablifi a well-founded cxpcBation of forgiven fs = and that any person who receives absolution without ihefe previous requisites, so far from obtaining thereby any remission of his fins, incurs the additional guilt of violating a sacrament; and Ido Jwcar that I wifi defend to the ulmofi of my power, thefettlement and arrangement of property in this country as establifiud by the laws now in being-, Ido hereby disclaim, disavow, and solemnly abjure any intention to subvert the prefint church establishment, for the purpose of fiibftituting a catholick efiablijkment in its field; and I do solemnly fisiear, that I will not exercise any privilege to which I am or may become -entitled, tv dfiurb and weaken Jt , the

The thirty-third Year of George III. 689

the protestant religion and protestant government in this king- A.D.

Urn. '79J'

Chap. 2!

So kelp me God.

VIII. And be it enacted, That papists, or persons professing the popish or Roman catliolick religion, may be capable of being -elcded professors of medicine, upon the foundation of fir Patrick Dunn, any latv or statute to the contrary not-tvithstanding.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to enable any person to lit or vote in either house of parliament, or to bold, exercise, or enjoy the office of lord lieutenant, lord deputy, or other chief governor or governors of

may be profifiors cf medicine upon (he f.xitnlntion «>(' iir I'. Dun 11.

;Kto person to lit or vote in parliament) o>- holt! the r-lficefi lu icln, nr any office contrary to ilk- ru!t?< and orders made

this kingdom, lord high chancellor or keeper, or commissioner byl<ini’ of the great leal of this kingdom, lord high treasurer, chan- <.ouncii, in cellor of the exchequer, chief justice of the court of king’s- []1'crla{"c,'f°f bench, or common pleas, lord chief baron of the court of exchequer, justice of the court of kine’s-bench or common- «*drubfciibe

I i r r , the oalh. Sc,

pleas, 'or baron of the court or exchequer, judge of the high as imein; court of admiralty, master or keeper of the rolls, secretary of Hate, keeper of the privy seal, vice-treasurer, or deputy vice-treasurer, teller and cashier of the exchequer, or auditor-general, lieutenant or governor, or enfos rotuiorum of counties, secretary to the lord lieutenant, lord deputy, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, member of his Majesty's moll honourable privy council, prime fer-jeant, attorney-general, solicitor-general, second and third serjeants at law, or king’s council, mailers in chancery, pro-voft, or fellow of the college of the holy and undivided Trinity of queen Elizabeth, near Dublin; postmaster-general, master and lieutenant-general of his Majesty's ordnance, commander in chief of his Majesty's forces, generals on the staff, and sheriffs, and fub-sheriffs of any county in this kingdom; or any office contrary to the rules, orders and directions made and established by the lord lieutenant and council, in pursuance of the act passed in the seventeenth and eighteenth idcital of 17 rears of the reign of king Charles the second, entitled, Ar.aft u ,s 2' for the explaining of fame doubts, arising upon an act, entitled,

An act for the better execution of his Majesjs gracious declaration for the settlement of kis kingdom of Ireland, and satisfac- -lion of the several inter efts of adventurers, soldiers, and other Vol. XVI. 8 M his

69c

A.D. 1793.Chap. 2l.

No right of

jird.nUiion to any cede* tuliicr.l bene fice.

No penalty foi no! at-divine fc'^ee in p.i.ifli cl.tircii.

pried irot tO Celt* ln«;ttr mniii*

3«C 1'C'UClll

prtrtriUaU;

nor hct'vern pcifon proftf-.11.1: him or kifdfajr.

1 ell am, \vi h ia 12 tnoiilli: 1’cforo c-:h-brarion, and a napill, ui-ld' liril ma-lift! by p-o-icllantdciy, man,

piMialty 5ccl

After til lone 1793, nt

If-iaiice an 1 abjuration on‘y,ncc.*Tt y

on:; oe

ptvesm T«j-:.:y cdlej;-*.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

his JuhjeBs there, ami for making fame alterations of, and additions unto the said act, for the more Jbeedj and effectual feltle-ment of this kingdom, unless he fitall have taken, made, and subscribed the oaths and declaration, and performed the ft-veral requisites which by any law heretofore made, and now of force, are required to enable any person to fit or vote, or to hold, exercise, and enjoy the said offices respectively.

X. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this act contained, shall enable any papist, or person professing the popish or Roman catholick religion, to exercise any right of presentation to any ecclesiastical benefice whatsoever.

XI. And be it enacted, That no papist or person professing the popish, or Roman catholick religion, shall be liable to, or subjcd to any penalty for not attending divine service on the sabbath day, called Sunday, in his or her parish church.

XII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained, shall be conllrued to extend to authorize any popish priest, or reputed popith priest, to celebrate marriage between protestant and protestant, or between any persons who hath been, or professed himself or herself to be a pro-tefiant at any time within twelve months before fuchcelcbra-

tion of marriage, and a papist, unless such protestant and papist shall have been first married by a clergyman of the protestant religion; and that every popish priest, or reputed popith priest, who shall celebrate any marriage between two protestants, or between any such protestant and papist, unless such protestant and papist shall have been first married by a clergyman of the protestant religion, shall forfeit the sum of'five hundred pounds to his Majesty, upon conviction thereof.

XIII. And -whereas it may be expedient, in case his Majesty, his heirs and successors, shall be pleased so to alter the Antilles of the college of the holy and undivided Trinity near Dublin, and of the university of Dublin, as to enable persons professing the Roman catholick religion to enter into, or to take degrees in the said university, to remove any ob-ftacle which now exists by statute law; be it enacted, That from and after the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, it shall not be necessary for any person upon taking any of the degrees usually conferred by the

The thirty-third Year of George III.

the said universlty, to make or subscribe any declaration, or to take any oath, lave the oaths of allegiance and abjuration, any iaw or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided always, That no papist or Roman catho lick, or person professing the Roman catliolick nr popifll religion, shall take any benefit by, or under this act, unlei's he /ltallhave first taken and subscribed the oath and declaration in this act contained and set forth, and also the said oath appointed by the said act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his Majesty's reign, entitled. An act to enable kb Majesty's subjects if whatever perfuajion to teJUfy their allegiance to him, in some one of his Majesty's four courts in Dublin, or at the general sessions of the peace, or at any adjournment thereof to be holden for the county, city, or borough wherein such papist or Roman catliolick, or person professing the Roman catliolick or popifll religion, doth inhabit or dwell, or before the going judge or judges of assize, in the county wherein such papist of Roman cathdlick, or person professing the Roman catliolick or popifll religion, doth inhabit and dwell, in open court.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the names of such persons as shall so take and subscribe the said oaths and declaration, with their titles and additions, shall be entered upon the rolls, for that purpose to be appointed by said respective courts; and that the said rolls once in every year shall be transmitted to, and deposited in the rolls office in this kingdom, to remain amongst the records thereof; and the matters or keepers of the rolls in this kingdom, or their lawful deputy or deputies, are hereby empowered and required to give and deliver to such person or persons so taking and subscribing the said oaths and declaration, a certificate or certificates of flick nerson or persons having taken and subscribed the said oaths and declaration, for each of which certificates the sum of one shilling and no more shall be paid.

XVI. And be it further provided and enacted, That from and after the first day of April, one tkoufisnd fevea hundred and ninety-three, 'no freeholder, burgess, freeman, or inhabitant of this kingdom, bcir.s>, a papist or Roman catliolick, cr person professing the Roman catholic!-: or popifll religion, shall at any time be capable of giving his vote for the electing of any knight or knights of any shire or county within ? M s this

6uj

No

iimlcr lit suet

u.itii fj:U tto ci.it'tiot. ()< mi le mu! fti!>fcr:Kd« atu alto the ».!tl» appointed by 13 & 14 G. 3 asherc

v-m-*. so rc!:»:

m\U to hi t'aof.n tud rg r«»U> oiiice;

awSci* 01* roll', to give ccuT.eacc*

Tct*. 13.

I rt-ni Hi Ap if. 1:0 free* f.oMcr, Stc. being a Roman cattiu-li.k, capable oi giving Slit vote lor deft-iuif a member

t-j

tttilit ite

69a The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

this kingdom, or citizen or burgess to serve in any parlia- ^1793^ ment, until he shall have first produced and ffiewn to the utiate as high sheriff of the said county, or his deputy or deputies, at

*I’IU"' any election of a knight or knights of the said shire, and to

the respective chief officer or officers of any city, borough, or town-corporate, to whom the return of any citizen or burgess to serve in parliament doth or shall-respectively belong, at the election of any citizen or burgess to serve in parliament, such certificate of his having taken and subscribed the said oaths and declaration, -either from the rolls-: office, or from the proper officer of the court in which the said oaths and declaration shall be taken and subscribed; and

such person being a freeholder, freeman, burgess or inhabitant so producing and ffiewing such certificate, Aall be then permitted to vole as amply and fully as any protestant freeholder, freeman, burgess, or inhabitant of such county, city, borough, or town-corporate, but not otherwise.

CHAP. XXII.

An Act for amending, and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia in Ireland.

l’rcan.bie, \\ WHEREAS a respectable military force under the command of officers possessing landed property within this kingdom, is essential to the Tafety and protediion of this realm and its constitution, and tile militia laws now in force in this kingdom have been found incapable of effecting the purposes of their institution; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the au-sovmmr-, or thority of the same, That the governors for the several

th. majority

«fpcvlmors counties in this kingdom, or the majority of governors "mimil'ato where there arc or shall be more than one appointed for any iil'hcrcaster ccranty> and several governors hereafter to be appointed, oner a rrat; or the majority of them as aforesaid, shall have full power and authority, and are hereby required to call, together, arm and array, and cause to be trained and exercised such persons, and in such manner as is herein after directed, once in every year, and the governors of the respective counties, or the 5 majority

The thirty-thin} Year of George III.

majority of them as aforef-ii-J, fir.:'., from time to time, and within fourteen clays after pslarg Utis act, and afterwards, from time to time appoint fiteli: roper and discrect periods as they shall think fit (kin; ottahiUd as herein after is di-refled, and living within their lvloci'.ive '-aunties) to be do- p'jty governors, thenames of fitch perfops having been first f presented to and not disapproved of by the iord lieutenant , or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the i lime being. j!

II. Provided always, That if' the governor, or the majority of the governors of any county shall decline, refttfe, or i omit to appoint and return the names cf such persons to be , deputy-governors of any county within the time before men- " tioned, that then and in such case, it shall be lawful for the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governor's of this kingdom, for the time being, to appoint fuel: persons (duly-qualified 'as herein after' mentioned) as he or they shall think fit, to be deputy-governors for every such county, whereof the governor or governors, or the majority of them, shall have declined, refilled,' or omitted to appoint deputy-governors as aforesaid.

III. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That his Majesty, his heirs and successors, shall appoint a lieutc-nant-colonel-commandant, or commanding officer of militia for every county in this kingdom, including counties of cities, and counties of towns, by this act made part of several counties for the purposes of this act;' and also for such cities and counties of towns and cities as'are not, or shall not be made parts of counties for said purpose.

IV. Provided always, That no person shall be commanding officer of two regiments, or battalions of militia for different counties.

V. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for every such lieutenant-colonel-commandant, or lieutenant-colonel, or commanding officer when appointed, from time to time, to appoint a proper number of lieutenant-colonels, majors, and other officers qualified as herein after directed, to train, discipline, and command the persons so to be armed and arrayed; according to the rules, orders, and directions herein after mentioned, and shall certify to the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or chief governors for the time being, the names artd ranks of all such'officers so appointed, and

Tie ties

I-I a

It u . c ilonct. vvnm md nth lor t vc ry 1:0. ind.tiling COll.lticsof cities, and of town?, a3

Jfcrem.

Nfo peifim to command militia for different comities.

Command* ant to appoint lieut.*co!o* ticls, majors, &C

names and ranks irr'.i-fud to IvuJ lieut.

C<)4 STA?

The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

in case the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or chief

1793* governors for the time being, shall, within fourteen days af-

Clup^22. (.er j-uc|1 certi(icatC shall have been laid before him or them,

signify his or their disapprobation of any of the persons so

appointed, it shall not be lawful for the said lieutenant-

;rd;G>i>|.roral colonels-commandant, or any of them, to grant a commission

dLT'com-+ to any person so disapproved, but commissions shall be grant-

millions not cJto all such persons so appointed, who shall not be so dif-to begianted; r ri

approved as aforesaid, and the officers so appointed for the to rank with militia to be armed and arrayed as herein after directed, shall yotngdUf ran^ t^le °®cers of his Majesty's forces as youngest of «»k. their rank.

When com-

VI. And be it further enacted, That when the lieute-militia'ihaH nant-colonel-commandant, or commanding officer of any re-k' °'d m '*'r S'ment or battalion in any county, county of a city, or if no com- county of a town, shall be out of this kingdom, or when litnt.-col’onci, there shall be no lieutenant-colonel-commandant, it shall be ma"CgrimfCCr lawful for the lieutenant-colonel of such regiment or batta-llnddfr’’ ^on’ or next commanding officer for the time being, to grant other matters, commissions to officers to serve in the militia for such regiment or battalion, and to fill up all vacancies that shall happen in such manner as such lieutenant-colonel-command-ant could do, and also to do all other acts, matters and things which might lawfully have been done by virtue of this act, by the said lieutenant-colonel-commandant, and the same shall be good and valid in the law, as if done by such lieutenant-colonel-commandant himself.

ComimT-

VII. And be it further enacted, That no commission of catai hyrc- any deputy-governor, nor any commission of any officer in rorntiiin of militia, to be granted by any lieutenant-colonel-com-

I'omnHimaiu a c* J J

t Unit -co- mandant, or lieutenant-colonel or commanding officer, shall n.lfftou. be vacated by reason of the revocation, expiration, or dn-continuance of the commission by which any such lieutenant-colonel-commandant, or lieutenant-colonel, as aforesaid, was cr were appointed.

Commmdant

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the lieutenanl-tn "av- clli-f colonel-commandant of the militia of every county, and the command uf commanding officer of militia therein, for the time being, (Iiall

muiiid; ® -

have the chief command of the militia within the county to which he is appointed, notwithstanding any order, direction, matter or thing contained in any commission or appointment of a governor or governors of the counties in this kingdom.

or

The thirtytlird Year of George III.

or any of them; and that the governor or governors of every county, or the majority of them as aforesaid, flail appoint twenty deputy governors at the Iv.ft, within every conniv, if so many ran be found qualified, as herein after directed; but if such number of proper and discreet persons so qualified, cannot be found within any such ronnty, then as many such persons so qualified, as ear. he found within such comity, and not disapproved as before mentioned, shall be appointed to be deputy-governors for the purpose of this act.

IX. And be it further cnaiftccl, That all persons to he appointed deputy-governors, or officers of the militia, in pursuance of this aci, except within cities, and counties of towns and cities, which shall not be made parts of counties, within the provisions of this act, shall be qualified as follows; (that is to say.) every person so to be appointed a deputy-governor, shall be seized or possessed, either in law or equity, for his own life and benefit, in possession of a res! or freehold estate, or for the life of his wife, flie having a real or freehold estate for her life, or for some greater estate, or shall be possessed of a term of years, whereof twenty years shall be unexpired, in manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments in this kingdom, of the yearly value of two hundred pounds, or shall be heir apparent of some person, who shall in like manner be seized or possessed of alike estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of four hundred pounds; and every person so to be appointed a lieutc-nant-colonel-commandant, or major-commandant, shall in like manner be seized of a real or-freehold estate of the yearly value of two thousand pounds, or shall be heir apparent of some person who shall in like manner be seized of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of three thousand pounds; and every person to be appointed a lieutenant-colonel, shall be seized of a real or freehold estate, or for the life of his wife, she having a real or freehold estate for her life, or for some greater estate, or shall be possessed of a term of years, whereof twenty years shall be unexpired as aforesaid, of the yearly value of twelve hundred pounds, or shall be heir apparent of some person who shall in like manner be seized or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of one thousand eight hundred pounds; and every person so to be appointed a major, shall in like manner be seized or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the 8 N 2 yearly

695

A.D.

l7Di-

Ginn. 22.

povaoors t-j k^Kicsln

CVelV CO. if

lt> ninny foil’ll

if

u.it, ;i«. mjny a» qualified.

Qualification uf deputy governors, or offi-cas of mill-lid, except in

Cltlo, iltl'l ciMinlies ot towns <md cities;

deputy &ovrr«

r.or to be possessed of 2ccl.a year, or heir to 4C0l. a year,

command.uit

20C0I, or liJr 1030001. a year;

Keut co)<

(seel- or heir ro iftool. a year;

mtjor 5©ol. o heir to 600I a year;

V'

The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

yearly value of three hundred pounds, or flitiii ho heir apparent of 1 /9.>- so-ne person who flull in !i!cs manner he le:z-,.l or pofi.-'.1'-:! of a Chiq-^2 2. jj[.e L.p..tc 1S aforesaid^ of the yearly value of six hundred pounds-anti every person in to be appointed a captain, fl.j'I in like n a:;, ner be seized or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, o. the Vc. :iv value of two hundred pounds, or shall be heir apparent o: loia,-person who shall in like manner be seized or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of four hundred pounds, tr

shall he a younger ion of some person who shall in like manner be seized or possessed, or, at the time of his death, in like manner was seized or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value a'yeat^etr ^o:ir hundred pounds; and every person so to lie appointed lieu-ccal. ik.-- tenants, shall in like manner be seized or possessed of a like eftj;-: of a person ,f as aforesaid, of the yearly value of fifty pounds, or shall be pai--'Xr’ feflhd of a person-'l estate alone, to the amount of five hundred PL-ifoiialj pounds, or shall be foil of some person who ilia! be, or who at the time of his or her death, was in like manner seized or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of one hundred pounds, or who shall he, or who at the time of his or her dead), was possessld of a personal estate alone to the' amount of one thm;-fiinc! pounds; and that every person who shall be appointed an cn-sign, shall, in like manner, be seized or possessed of a like estate a.i <1^8 paTon'"1 aftwesaid, of the yearly value of twenty pounds, or shall be pof-ofjoi.aycar, feded of a real, freehold, or personal estate alone, to the amount Lul; 1 r of two hundred and fifty pounds, or shall be son of some person who shall he or who was at the time of liis-or her death, in like manner seised or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of fifty pounds, or who shall be, or who at the time of his or her death, was possessed of a personal estate alone to the amount of three hundred pounds, favc and except in the cases herein after particularly mentioned; provided always, that the qualification of every deputy-governor, and one moiety at the mil cinemoi- |cast of that of the lieutenant-.colonel-commandant, and lieutenant-comminiiaiit, colonel, shall be fuuated within the county whereof he shall be t"a\ m t- h appointed deputy-governor, or to the militia of which he shall be the conniv. appointed licutenantrcolonel-commandant, or lieutenant-colonel.

Nopcrfo-l X. And be it further enacted, That no person shall hereafter

he appointed to be deputy-governor of any county, or be appointed to any commission in the militia, that shall require a

m tin- qualification as to property, by virtue of this act, until he shall

lucr'S" of have delivered in to the clerk of the peace of the county for

lih qualities, -which he shall be appointed, or (in the absence iof the clerk of

I Mill as line- :r , r 1

in,- the peace) to his. deputy, a specinc descript.ion in writing;-ngned

i , : by

cnfi;»n ?ol. a year, or 50l. per-

favtf in hereafter;

qualification of <lt p. pov

The thirty-third Year of George III. 697

liv himself, of his qualification, dating the county or counties, A.D. parish or parishes, in which the estate or estates, which form ’1793-liis qualification, is or are situate, with the denominations of the lands, and the clerk of the peace, or his deputy, shall transmit ci«k i.(>..e to the Cnftos Rotulorum of the county a copy of such description, c,\,y'o!ou.'1 and no commission to be granted by virtue of this act, shall be valid,

t , comm.sum

unless it be declared in the commission, that the officer to whom mi vjM.uu-the commission is given, hath delivered in his qualification as

above directed. cjualincmion

wasdcuvcrctl,

XL. And be it further enacted, That the clerk of the peace of every county, shall, and is hereby required from time to time, to pcwc ofco. enter the qualifications transmitted to him, according to the di-

1 ° liltcauotis ut>

redlions of this add, upon a roll to be provided and kept for that .1 toll, nml w purpose, and to cause to be inserted in the Dublin Gazette, the dates of the commission?, and names and rank of the officers "Jmel

eel in JJub'.m

hereafter to be appointed, in like manner as commissions in the Bwtite, army are published from the war-office; and he is hereby au- inti to th.irSe thorized to charge the expence of receiving and recording such certificates respectively, and of such insertion in the Gazette, ,u

not exceeding the sum of ten shillings for each commission, to the collector of His Majesty's revenue, of the county or district, who is hereby directed to pay the same; and the said clerk of the clak<jfp«c? peace, or his deputy, shall in the month of January, in every j," I'1,"1 year, transmit to the secretary of the lord lieutenant, or other k.-,i" chief governor or governors for the time being, a complete account ' - of the qualifications so left with him, and such secretary receiving such accounts, shall cause copies thereof to be annually laid before (oJiycj. both Houses of Parliament; and every deputy-governor and com- pi?- lesure mifltoned officer, shall at some general quarter sessions of the peace.

or in one of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin, within <lep.s»wiaori

J and ofiicm

three months, from and after the date ot their comnufnons rc- to take mth?, spedbively, take such oath or oaths, and make and figu such decla- 13 lKm"-ration or declarations as is, are, or shall be required to be taken, made, and signed by the officers of His Majesty's other forces in this kingdom.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall cxc-cute any of the powers, hereby directed to be executed by de- piuys'ovtnuir

it. commiiirinm*

puty-governors, Iicutcnant-coloncis-commancianr, licuteuant-colo- lie a. mionci, nels or majors, not being qualified as aforesaid, or without having delivered in such specific description of his qualification, as is here- in before required, lave in the cases herein-alter particularly men- twidi »col tioned, or who shall omit to take the said oaths, and make the said declaration within the time hereby directed for those purposes,

Vol. XVI. 8 O every

698 The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

every such person shall forfeit ami pay the fuin of two hundred

1793- pounds; and if any person shall execute any of the powers hereby ‘hrested to be executed by captains, lieutenants or ensigns, not personi acting being qualified as aforesaid, or without having delivered in such Watctiaan. specific description of his qualification, as is herein before required, ..rtniiiiis. or who shall omit to take the said oaths and declaration as before

not qtnmn*il,

xc. shall for- directed, every such person, shall forfeit and pay the sum of ore feu ico. hundred pounds, one moiety whereof shall go to trie ufo of the in afiions for Pel'furl who shall file for the fame; and in every action, suit, or noth.ins information, brought against any person for acting as deputy-go-proof to lie vernor, lieutenant-colonel-commandant, lieutenant-colonel, major, on die officer. captajnj i;cutcnant, or ensign, not being qualified, as herein before directed, the proof of his qualification shall be upon the person against: whom the fame is brought.

Tcerfor

XIII. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained, their hu-s shall restrain or prevent any peer of this realm, or heir apparent

not prrvcr.tcu 1

f.omafiing or any such peer, from being appointed, or acting as a deputy-l?y!ng° where governor, or a commissioned officer in the militia, within the they have county, wherein such peer, or heir apparent of such peer, shall iiJence. have some place of residence, although he may not have the qualifications herein before required, or to oblige any peer of this realm, or heir apparent of such peer, who shall be appointed a deputy-governor, or commissioned officer as aforesaid, to leave with the clerk of the peace, for the county, for which he shall be appointed, any qualification in writing as aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the governor or governors of any county, or the majority of them as aforesaid, shall from time to time, appoint a clerk of the general meetings, to be holden as herein after directed, and may displace such clerk, if lie, or the majority of governors, where there is, or shall he more than one, shall think fit, and appoint another in his room, and the deputy-governors within their respective fub-divisions, or

Governors may appoint clerks of general meetings,

ami displace fuih;

deputy go-

oppaintSt! the major part of those present, at any fub-division meeting, shall fiTntanddif- a'f° from t'rae to time aPP°'nt a clerk for their fub-divisions, and place ihvin: may displace such clerk, if they, or the major part of them shall collector to think fit, and appoint another in his room; and the collector of s"L.as his Majesty's revenue for every county, shall pay to the clerk of toMchd«kS- f'le Senml meetmSs> the sum of five pounds thirteen shillings guinea to and nine pence, for each meeting, and shall also pay to the clerks divliion lor of the several fub-division meetings, the sum of one pound two chrksTcT'ro' buffings and nine pence, for each meeting, on such clerks respectdnee onlcri. tively producing to such collector, an order from one or more governors, and two deputy-governors assembled at such meetings,

and

The thirty-third Year of George III. 699

j payments shall be allowed in every such collectors ac- A.D.

counts,

1793.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the number of men to be raised by virtue of this act, shall be as follows; that is to for the' county of Cork, with th

21.

; cuv

ilV, Number to and county of the city of

Cork, if such city and the county of the city of Cork, shall be 'f'J'V a".j. cade part of said county of Cork, for the purposes of this act, made pm uf o:i: thousand four hundred and fisty-four men; for the city and cdy'luVco."’ county of the city of Cork, if it shall not be made part of the of,j county of Cork, four hundred and eighty-eight men; for the m. 4SS men, county of Cork, in like case, nine hundred and seventy-six metl; for the county of Kerry, four hundred and eighty-eight men; for the county of Limerick, with the city and county of the city l.mimVlc, of Limerick, if such city and county of the city of Limerick f. Lf shall be made part of said county of Limerick, for the purposes of this act, seven hundred and twenty-five men; for the city city and to and county of the city of Limerick, if it shall not be made part Ldc p’m of of the county of Limerick, three hundred and five men; for the county of Limerick, in like case, four hundred and twenty 4*° men; for the county of Tipperary, five hundred and sixty men; m'Tipperary for the county of Waterford, with the city and county of the city of Waterford, if such city and county of the city of Water- . "'h ford, shall be made part of said county of Waterford, for the pur-

city and vo. ot ct;, if

poses of this act, four hundred and eighty-eight men; for the city and county of the city of Waterford, if it shall not he made a'!(lto-part of the county of Waterford, one hundred and eighty-three L!i= paeof men: for the county of Waterford in like case, three hundred ">

' J ' CO Ml liKC

and five men; for the county of Dublin, with the city and coun- -sm:"’ ty of the city of Dublin, if such city and county of the city of will, ci/y "’mi

the c"- "

1110 .1- :,m ..I

7JO r. ry a:»U r>.

Dublin, shall be made part of the said county of Dublin, for purposes of this act, seven hundred men; for the city and county of the city of Dublin, if it shall not be made part of the county ,i CIy>,t of Dublin, four hundred and twenty men; for the county of Dublin, in like case, two hundred and eighty men; for the county c»- >" like of Kilkenny, with the county of the city of Kilkenny, four hutt- Kek.^HoyT*'"* dred and twenty men; for the county of Kildare, two hundred "7ll: co of

* J ’ city, isotiuii,

and eighty men; for the King’s county, four hundred and twenty lit) l.ire,

men; for the Queen’s County, three hundred and sixty-six men

for the county of Wexford, five hundred and sixty men; for the

county of Wicklow, three hundred and sixty-six men; for the 300 m,

county of Carlow, two hundred and forty-four men; for the V,’0 ’

county of Clare, three hundred and sixty-six men; for the county ";Wlck!"'-’

of Galway, with the town and county of the town of Galway cu. Cuiuw.

SO 2 five int"’

The thirty-third Year of George III. five hundred and sixty men; for the county of Leitrim, three hundred and fifty men; for the county of Mayo, seven hundred men; for the county of Roscommon, four hundred and twenty to time, men; for the county of Sligo, three hundred and fifty men; fer cofeSuvay, Om county of Antrim, with the town and county of the town wuhlownand of Carrickfergus, four hundred and eighty-eight men; for the coun-s6o own, ’ ty of Armagh, four hundred and twenty men; for the county of 3 jo min',m’ Down, seven hundred and seventy men; for the county of Louth, 10 Mayo, with the town and county of the town of Drogheda, if laid

7C0 mer, co. J o

Bofcommon, town and county of the town, shall be made part of the county rC350 of Louth, for the purposes of this act, five hundred and forty-co°Anuini niae men > for l'lc town anc^ county of the town of Drogheda, wiihioivnaod if it shall not be made part of the county of Louth, one hun-CarrkkTcr-0^ dred and eighty-three men; for the county of Louth, in like case, yus, 4R&men. three hundred and sixty-(ix men; for the county of Meath, four

co.*Armai:h. f 4

hundred and eighty-eight men; for the county of Monaghan, four hundred and twenty men; for the county of Cavan, three hundred and fifty men; for the county of Donegal, five hundred and sixty men; for the county of Fermanagh, three hundred and fifty men; for the city and county of Londonderry, five hundred and sixty men; for the county of Longford, two hundred and eighty men; for the county of Tyrone, five hundred and sixty men; for the county of Westmeath, three hundred and fifty men.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That general meetings of the governors and deputy governors of every county, shall be holden in some principal town of every such county, and such general meetings shall confiil of the governor or governors, or any of them, together with three deputy-governors at the lead, or on the death or removal, or in the absence of the governor or governors, or all of them, then of five deputy-governors at the lead of every county respectively, and one such general meeting shall be holden within every county, within fourteen days, after the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, for the time being, thall issue a proclamation for that purpose, requiring the militia of such county to be embodied, and afterwards such general meetings shall be held annually upon the Tuesday that shall happen next before the twenty-fourth day of October, in every year, and the governor or governors, or any of them, together with three deputy-governors, (or on the death er removal, or in the absence of the governor or governors, or all of them,) any five deputy-governors of any county, when and as often as they' shall find necessary for carrying the 3 purposes

co.'Atjuafch, 420 nun, co. Down, 770 nun, co. Louth, withtowuarul

co. of town of Drogheda, if made putt (.{ cc. £jj9 men,

Dtoghcda, if doc made pari of co.

183 men, co. in like case 36G men, co. Meath, 4SS meu, , co. Monagh* an, 420 men, co. Cavan, 350 men, co. Donegal, 560 men, to Fvrina-iinjli, 3J0 men,

city and co. of Londonderry, 560 men,

co. Longford, 380 men, co. Tyrone, jCo u»cn, co. WeU-ntcsih, 350 men.

Meetings df gov, and dcp. gov. &c. to coufttl as herein, annual meetings on Tuof-d3yabefore SJihO&uber;

The thirty-third Year of George III. ~oi

purposes of this act duly and fully into execution, shall divide A.D.

every such county into such fub-divisions as they shall think moil 1793*

expedient, for carrying the purposes of this act into execution,

and shall summon, or cause to be summoned, other general meet- pov, ami j

ings of the governor or governors, and deputy-governors, on any

days to be fixed by such summons, of which days, and the places renre of s,iv-

' 1 5 uep. po\ci-

ot holding Inch meetings respectively, notice shall be given in the may tli* Dublin Gazette, and also in any newspaper, usually published in 'aiV'iUvifii'insV such county, fourteen days at the lead before the days appointed su;'summu"

' 1 1 tuner |;cnrral

lor holding such meetings respectively’; and m case any annual or meeting*, general meeting shall not he attended by the governor or gover- nt^cV/cuc nors, or any of them, and three deputy-governors, or by five deputy-governors, as herein before required, any one governor, or !>»>. any one deputy-governor who shall attend at such meeting shall and may adjourn the same to any other place within such county,- '"'"l'"’1

* * aucm\ i go*

and in case no governor or deputy-governor shall attend at the «mor or.ic-

time and place appointed for the next meeting, then the clerk

of the general meetings shall adjourn such meeting to any other iu'K».‘,lc

time, not exceeding eight days, and to be boldeu at the fame &e. »kn>

place.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That fub-division meetings, SuiwfoiS-to coniiil of the governor or governors, and of deputy-governors

within the fub-divisions of the respective counties, shall he holden lolliell>Ac-as hereafter directed, which fub-division meetings shall consist of three members at the lead.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the respective clerks of cicrl,-.r the fub-division meetings shall forthwith, or as soon as conveniently f"b-diviiiwn

w , 10 K,vc "Mice

maybe, after any such, fub-division meeting shall have been ap- in wrilii.g, of

pointed, give notice in writing of the time and place of meeting to the governor and governors, and also to such of the deputy-governors who shall lie resident within such fub-divisions, and also to the commanding officer of the regiment or battalion (if on aftiial service) or (if not on actual service) to the lieutenant-colonel-commandant, or in case of the absence of the lieutenant-colo-nei-commandant from the kingdom, to the next commanding officer within the county, together with an account of the fevCral days w{A M w. fixed for receiving lifts, and for balloting and for enrolling the militia-men within every such fub-division, and shall as soon as lilts, lull.it-the militia-men are enrolled, likewise transmit to the governor or "ft "!* governors, and to the lieutenant-colonel-commandant, or command- l*fl» j-f ing officer as aforesaid, a list specifying the names and trades, and Ami t,>nuvn-. places of abode of all such militia-men as are enrolled, and where 1'1","ft, C|0'n' there are substitutes, the names, trades, and places of abode of 31 Vot. XVI. 8 P the

ilicr within 14 clays, giving S 'toy* notice*

Governor

702 The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

the persons iii the room of whom they Were inrolled its fuhfu-1793- tutes.

Provided also, That every deputy-governor of any cquiity,

Deputy- dial I, if lie thinks fit, attend all ftib-division meetings of fitch

autn'dail ft!b- coutlty,- and aft, and vote therein, as if he was resident in such

livision mc«- fub-division.

V3 do act

XX. And be it further ertafted, That if it shall happen, that

'‘(llvifioi^meet- three members flidll not attend at any sub-division meeting, the

in*' fle,!f10 clerk of fitch meeting shall, by notice to be given in writing, to appoint ana- 0 , 0

the governor or governors, and to all the deputy-governors within such fub-division, or left at their rel'peftive places of abode, appoint another meeting to be held within fourteen days, at the same place where such meeting was to have been holdeti, filth notice having been given five days at the least, previous to such meeting;

XXI. And be it further enacted, That tile governor or go-nwt 3 d. [intv- vernors, or any of them, together with three deputy-goVernors, 5*tlcpmjL-so. or five deputy-governors, in case of thembfence of the governor cr ^ittmt'idiiq governors, or all of them, at the first meeting, to be held in pur-nml tmvrji. Jiianee of this act, and at every annual general meeting, to be tu'apputneB’ Holden as herein dire'ded, shall ajjpoint the first meetings of the Hirelings'fub-divisions, within the several Tub-divisions of the respective counties, with -respect to which proclamations shall be issued as appointed at aforesaid, which said first Tub-divition- meeting shall be appointed

iiitlluflwilimi - r t I - r

8 a iva a!ur io be held in such counties as loon as conveniently may be, after pcwral rant- p[lcfj f,ri£ general meeting to be held in pursuance of any such proclamation, and at farthest, within eight days after such general m. pro- meeting, and in cases, where no proclamation shall be issued, iruT't'l'ui f dien annually as soon after every general meeting to be held on annually after every Tttcfday next before the twenty-fourth day of October in f,f: every year, as shall at such general meeting be appointed; and the said governor or governors, arid deputy-governors, may, if vcinuis nmy they judge needful, appoint tile time and place for a I’eccnd general

appoint a lr- 4 , x__ .... v.

c«mi conc.ai meering, and mall mue out fneir orders to the mgn and chiei iifta oriicis'1 vonflables, and v.-here there shall not be any high of chief con-coniniWvs, tables, to fotne other officer of the several baroriifcs, or other divisions, within their respective comities, requiring every such chief or high constable; of other officers as aforesaid, to ifiiie art order, pai.'flnfticas, ul|dcv his hand, to all constablefr, or other Officers of every parish, .\c. i. imun or place, within their' respect'iVe Baronies, of other dii’ifions, to

totlqmty jio- 4 .

vaiicts, Jids return to the deputy-governors, within their icfpetuvc fub-diviiior.s rlccnTu 3t *--,e W-U'esi and on the-days appointed at the first general riieet-.,r iSa.ui ij, ing to be held in pursuance of this act, and of every subsequent a, li.K-iu; general

The thirty-third Year of fjttorge III.

"gcycral meeting afterwards to be held in every year, fair and true lifts i:i writing, of the names of all men, usually and at that time dwelling within their respective parishes, and places, between the age of eighteen and forty-five years, dieting.uiflfiing the respective ranks, profession, and occupation, and where the true names of inch persons cannot be procured, the common appellation of such persons shall be sufficient; and distinguishing which of the persons, so returned, labour under any infirmity, Iiltely to incapacitate them from serving as militia-men, and the said governor,

»t A -I

A.D. 1793. Chap. Zl.

f.

See in ihtit

governors, or deputy-governors, or any three or more of them ftiii-dmiimi-,

to fcivA lit

’ prt ftittit nut of lift-, cvitlestii* ti.ma oath.

assembled, in their respective fub-divisions, shall out of such lifts, , so returned by the said constables, cr oth.er officers, esquire and felcct the names of all such persons mentioned therein, as are fit to carry arms, such enquiry and felccftion to be made upon evi-. dence to be given on oath, which oath the said governor or governors, or deputy-governors, or any of them, aTc hereby empowered to administer.

XXII. And whereas several persons may be drawn, or willing to serve in the militia, who may not he qualified to bear fire-arms, at the time of carrying this act into execution; be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the lieutenant-eolonel-commandant, or commanding officer, and he is hereby required to grant licensca to such persons, who shall be balloted to serve in the militia, or shall be approved of, to serve as substitiues, and who are not ..legally qualified to carry arms, and the persons so licensed, shall he deemed and taken to be persons legally qualified to serve in the militia; and when such lifts shall so as aforesaid, be prepared by the said governor or governors, of deputy-governors, or any three or more, of them, at such sub-division meeting, they shall cause- the clerk of such meeting to deliver copies thereof to the several constables, or other officers, within the said fub-division, which said coniiabies, or ether officers, are hereby required to a:fix a true copy of every such lift on the otitfidc of the door or tile Jiurch, and also upon, and at such place where notices are usually published, or polled, belonging to every such parish, or place, (or, if any such parish or place, shall have no church belonging thereto,) on the outside of the door of the church of some parish or place thereto adjoining, on fume Sunday morning, seven days at the leafi, before the said fub-divijjcn meeting, and also, police in writing at tile bottom of every fuel; lift, of the day, and place of the next meeting; and that all persons who shall think them-feives aggrieved, may then appeal, and that no-appeal will be afterwards received, and on the days, anti at the unices so respectively 8 P ?. appointed

CcifnfdftA-

dsiui nuy giant licnifca to ir.il'tia :h«i lo cariy arrtti;

ck-kt trtfo. Ii.vi copies of Irllat.i < (!al»ks, «n<» aT,x tlion on chun.li donrj, (*c. on Sunday iiiurning, J days lirfnrs mcdfff);

notice* of fiexi mating nt Uruuui;

pa Ton? ag-'giicval'to ap* pvnl then, und h -t after-v.ur/Js,

704 The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.- D. appointed as aforesaid, for the returns of the lifts, the constables, or

1793- other officers respectively, shall attend and verify the said return

Chap. 22. Upon oath; and the said governor, governors, or deputy-gover-

constables to nors, or any three or more of them assembled in their respective

upmaKhlub-divisions, shall, after hearing any person, (or an appeal made

governor^&c. ;,j his behalf, if he be sick or absent,) who shall think himself ag-

liiis to be a- grieved, by having his name inserted in any fuchlift, or by the

"""’"h omission of any other name, direct such lift to be amended, as

and names of the case shall require, and shall also direct the names of all per-

«pt«nohe ‘sonsi by this act respectively excepted from serving in the militia,

(truck cm;. jf t^e names of any such shall be inserted in any of the said lifts

and appoint to be struck out of such lift, and shall appoint the times and places

tbmi meet- meetings within their respective fub-divisions, and

and return (ha][ return to the clerk of the general meetings, for the life of the certificates to 0 0 ’

clerk of ge- said general meeting, certificates under their hands, of the number in^ who shall of men in each parish, or place, specified in the lift so amended, (tic them. anj t[le fame plaii he filed by the clerk, for the use of the general meetings.

Governor*

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the governor, or go-an.i3 deputy- vernorSj or the majority of them, of any county, together with 5 deputy- any three or more deputy-governors, and on the death or removal, may'X'r’ap- or in the absence of any governor, or governors, any five or dbifion meet- more deputy-governors, may at any general meeting, holden as lugs, before directed, alter the appointed fub-division meetings, within

and alter al- such county, if there shall be occasion, and also may alter the al-number fi|f lotment of the number of men in each respective barony, or other each barony, division, to serve in the militia, towards railing the number of militia men, by this act directed to be raised, for such county, according to the numbers contained in such respective certificates last received, from the several fub-division meetings.

Governor or

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the governor, or gover-

venwwat fc nors’ or deputy-governors assembled, at the said second meeting, cond meeting within any fub-division as aforesaid, shall appoint what number fion! to ap- of men shall serve for each parish and place, within such fub-divi-wmberOuiil h°n> to serve fe>r each barony, or other division, and shall appoint serve in each another meeting, to be holden within fourteen days, from the day andappolnt on which such meeting was holden within the same fub-division; fnV+days'6" and shall *uc out an or(^er to the chief or high constables, or and older other officers of the respective baronies, or other divisions, requir-(lables. See. ing them to give notice to the constable, or other officer of every tice of ilum- Par‘*hi or P*acc» within their respective baronies, or other divisi-berappointed ons, of the number of men so appointed to serve for such parish and of nest or place; and of the time and place of the next fub-division ro"l,'°si 6 meeting

The thirty-third Year of George III.

citing, anti the fall governor, or governors, and deputy-gover-iiors, or any three or move of them assembled, in puriinnee ot fu.-h appointment, shall cause the number of men appointed to f.rve as aforesaid, to be chosen by ballet out of the lill returned for every puriffi, or place aforesaid; which ballot Hull be conducted In manner herein directed; that is to say, the name of every per-fan shall be fairly written on a piece cf paper, and rolled up, and tilth paper, so rolled up, shall he put into a box, by the clerk, and thereout the names shall he impartially drawn by the constable, in the view of the governor or governors, or deputy-governors, and after such ballot, the said governor or governors, or deputy-governors, or any three or more of them, shall appoint another meet-

fovernor, &c. to Appoint ntiutliei m *et-

iiijr, to be holden within fourteen days in the fame sub-division; "s wi'iiin

d jy>, and jflu? orders to yive n<jti:o to nrn cho. fen, at h’.ill 7 ihya bcfoic;

and shall issue out an order to the chief, or high constables, or other oflicers of the respective baronies, or other divisions, to direct the conftalile, or other officer of every parish or place, to give notice to every man so chosen to serve in the militia, to appear at such meeting, which notice shall be given, or left at his place of abode, at lead seven days before such meeting; and such constable, or other officer, shall attend such meeting and make a return upon oath, of the days when such notice was served, and every person so chosen by ballot, [lull, upon such notice, appear at such meeting, and there take the following oath, that is to say,

conlhble.&c. lo return on Oll'l Wild) notice was served; fuclt person's then to appear and take the

following oath;

I A.B. do sincerely promise and/wear, that I will be faithful, out.

and bear true allegiance to his Majesty King George the Third, and I do swear, that I will faithfully serve in the militia, within ibe kingdom of Ireland, for the defence of the fame, during the lime of four years, for which lam inrolled, unless I shall be sooner elf-ebarged."

And every such person shall be inrolled, (in a roll, to be then and men enrolled

there prepared for that purpose,) to serve in the militia of such 4

county as a militia-man for the space of four years.

XXV. Provided always, That if any person so chosen by bal- SuMLimm

lot, shall procure and produce for his substitute, a man able and

lit for service, and who shall be approved by the said governor or f"' 4

c , Vca,!'> "

governors, or deputy-governors, or any three or more of them, USi:r. such substitute so produced and approved, shall be inrolled to serve in the militia of such county, as a private militia man, for the space of four years, and also, for such further time as the militia shall remain embodied, if within the space of four years the lord Vol. XVL S Q. lieutenant

706 The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, r1793* for the time being, shall order and direct the militia, for which Chp^a. such

man is inrolled, to be drawn out and embodied as herein after provided, and such substitute shall take the following oath;

Oiih of "14. B. the fubfitute of C.D. do sincerely prnmife and /wear, fnbRiiuic. that / wj[i [)C faithful and bear true allegiance to his Majesty King George the Third, and I do swear, that I will faithfully serve in the militia within the kingdom of Ireland, for the defence of tbt fame, during the term of four years, or for such further lime as tie militia fall remain embodied, if within the space of four years, the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor, or governors, of this kingdom, for the time being, fall order and dirctil the militia to It drawn out and embodied, unless I fall be sooner discharged.

pirfom tx- And any person so chosen by ballot, from whom such substitute produce bch have been so produced, approved, inrolled, and l'worn as fuUiiiiitcs. aforesaid, shall be exempted from service in- the militia, in the same manner as if he himself had served according to the directions of this act.

If by mif-takeorm:gk& ufcpnfUbie, &c. full mini' her for fub-divlfions not tnrolled, lids tob« amended and a fresh ballot, and meeting adjourned, and appointed* &c.

*t governor or deputy may administer oath to m’ditia men, or substitute>;

name of person taking o:uii>anddate thereof enrolled by clerk.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if through the neglect, or mistake of any chief or high constable, constable, or other officer, or from any other cause, the full number of men appointed for any sub-division, should not be duly inrolled at the meeting appointed for that purpose as before directed, then the governor or governors, or deputy-governors, or any two or more of them may, and they are hereby required immediately to cause the lifts to be amended, and to proceed to a fresh ballot, and to adjourn their meeting, or appoint other meetings, and repeat the amending of the lifts as often as may be necessary and expedient for carrying the purposes of this act duly and fully into execution; and it shall be lawful for any one governor, or deputy governor, to administer the oath, herein before required to be taken by persons to serve in the militia, to any person balloted for under the directions of this act, or to any person who being qualified as this act requires, shall offer to serve as a substitute; and such governor or deputy governor is hereby authorised to direct and require the clerks of the fub-divisinn, for which every such person by whom the said oath has been before him taken is to serve, to inroll the name of every such person, together with the date of the day on which the said oath was so admitiiftcred to him, in the roll of such fub-division.-

3

The thirty-third Year of George III. 707

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any perl'on chosen A.D. by ballot, according to the directions of this act, to serve in the 1793' militia, not being one of the people called qualters, Hull rcfnfe or neglect to take the said oath, and serve in the militia, or to pro- ivtfun du>-vide a substitute to he approved as aforesaid, avho shall take the ,1,0 said oath, and sign his consent to serve as his substitute, every such perl'on so refilling or neglecting, shall forfeit and pay the sum ret n fnWii'-cf ten pounds, and at the expiration of four years, be liable to 0l. ami serve again, or provide a substitute; and in default of payment I'1'*1’!"8.1'1'1 of such penalty, or for want of sufficient efiefts whereon to levy in default, or the fame, the name of such person shall he entered on the roll, t,cr., c..m-and such person shall be delivered over to some proper officer of the regiment or battalion for which he was balloted, and shall be punishincw compelled to serve for such term, to be computed from the time ;,8, of his being apprehended, as any other person who should be then balloted for would be compelled to serve j and shall be subject to the fame punishments, for afterwards absconding or de-' ferting, as he would have been subject to, in case he had appeared and been duly sworn and enrolled as a militia-man.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no «-peer of this realm, nor any person who shall serve as a commissi- founti" oned officer, in any regiment, troop, or company in his Majesty’s

other forces, or in any of his Majesty's cables, or forts, nor any non-commissioned officer, or private man, serving in his Majesty's other forces, nor any commissioned officer serving, or who has served four years in the militia, nor any person being a member of the university, nor any clergyman, nor licensed teacher of any separate congregation, nor any constable, or other peace officer, nor any articled clerk, apprentice, seaman, or seafaring man, nor any person doing duty or employed in his Majesty's ordnance, for the service thereof, or at any magazines, or other store-hc*ile belonging to his Majesty, or under the directions of the board of ordnance, nor any poor man, not liable to pay hearth-money, who has more than three living children born in wedlock, shall be liable to serve personally, or provide a substitute according to the directions of this act, and no person having served personally, fl1. v,.i(i or by substitute, under the directions of this act, shall be obliged ii»«cicrvtd

perjotii ly. ttf

to serve again, until by rotation it shall come to his turn, but no t,y , person who has served only as a substitute, shall by such lcrvice be exempted from serving again, if lie shall be clioien by bal- j-’ lot. CXr’ii;.'v.I it

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall he lawful for "'‘"'fj,',1', , the said governor or governors, and deputy-governors, or any

8 . three

708 a. a

1793.

Chap. a 2.

If any lilt hr Ac. {.'OViMiiur may caulc a ik w lilt.

Co». &t*. in fub i!ivi -ifton ma> ifltic a warrant for nttcminrive of coiillabk, &c.

if constable ntglcdl to appear,

ami if chief constable,&c. neglect to re* luni (ill, &c.

or if guilty of fmyfrauJ,\c.

committed to gaol for t m.mtli, or fined iiom 5l. to 40s.

Penalty for endeavouring to prevail on chief conlla-hie, &c. to make a false teturn, fee. 50l.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

three or more of them, within their respective sub-divisions, to add together whensoever they shall think necessary, the lifts for two or more pariilies or places, and proceed upon such lifts, added together, in like manner as if they had been originally returned for one parish or place, so as to make the choice of militia-ir.cn by ballot, within every such fub-division, as equal and impartial as poilible.

XXX. And be it farther enacted, That if the lift of any parish or place, shall he lost or destroyed, it shall be lawful for the governor or governors, or deputy-governors, within any fub-division, or any two or more of them, to cause a new lift as aforesaid, in any Inch parish or place to be made and returned to them at their next fub-division meeting, in the same manner as the lift lost or destroyed was made, and ought to have been returned to them by the cliredion of the general meeting.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the governor or governors, or deputy governors, within any fub-division, or any three or more of them, from time to time, to issue their order or warrant, under their hands and ftals, requiring the attendance of the constable, or other officer of the parish or place within such fub-division, at such time and place as in such order or warrant shall be cx-pressed; and if such constable or other officer shall refuse or neglect to appear according to such order or warrant; and if any chief or high constable, or other officer of any barony, or other officer of any parish or place, shall refuse or neglect to return any such lift as before directed, or to comply with such orders and directions as they shall respectively from time to time receive, from the said governor or governors, or deputy governors, or any three or more of them, in pursuance of this act; or shall in making such return be guilty of any fraud or wilful partiality, or gross neglect in his duty, the said governor or governors, or deputy governors, or any three or more of them, are hereby empowered and required to commit the person so offending to the common gaol, there to be kept without bail or mainprize, for the space of one month, or at their discretion to fine such person in any sum not exceeding five pounds, nor less than forty shillings.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That any person who shall, by gratuity, gift or reward, or by promise thereof, or of any indemnification, or by menaces or otherwise, endeavour to prevail on any chief or high constable, or other officer.

The ibirty-thirc1 Year of George III. 709

fleer, to make a false return of any list, for any parish or A.D.

1 *7

1.

CIllip. 22.

place, or to erase or leave out of any such lift, the name of 79.v

any mao who ought to he returned to serve as a militia man, every such person, for every such offence, shall forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds; and if any man shall refuse to rf»>V« tell his christian and surname, or shall falsely tell a christian Ins I "t'cu'hn or surname, pretending the same to be his true christian or surname, or if any person shall refuse to tell the christian or

surname of any man lodging or residing within his or her ml.

hciifc, or shall knowingly tell any false name, pretending it to be the true name of any such man, to any constable or other officer, authorised by this act to demand the fame, every such person shall forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That every person iVrOr., tvi, chosen by ballot to serve in the militia, shall be liable to

such service, although he may have removed from the piace 'f" where his name was inserted in the lifl, provided he was ’"i’3'*'!, i.v

r b.t ti» love j

residing in such place at the time when the lift was accord-

ing to the directions of this act prepared; and every person

liable to serve in the militia, having more than one place of n

residence, shall serve for the county or place where his name fj,1"!'

shall be first inserted in such lift as aforesaid, and the clerk 'ft"---11,11

Mifwtu!; to

to the fub-division meeting, to which such lift shall be re- I ituui;, i turned, shall, if such person requires the fame, grant a cer- tincate gratis, under his hand, that such person’s name was inserted in such formdr lift, and specifying the time when such lift was made and returned.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That when any parish p

shall be in two or more counties, the inhabitants of such parish shall serve in the militia of that county wherein the church, or feite of the church belonging to such parish is situated; and that the whole of such parish, for all the purposes of this act, be deemed part of that county.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any three or more governors, or deputy-governors, shall at any of their fub-division meetings, receive information, or shall suspect that any person whose name is inserted in r.h.iV.r any list, and described as an apprentice, has been fraudu- apprentice',. Icntly hound apprentice, in order to avoid serving in the militia, it shall be lawful for them to make enquiry thereof, and to fumtnon such persons as they shall think necessary

Vol. XVI. SR to

in cn. v.ii-te dititilt

litlMUtJ.

Governor'. Ac. nt iy m mine upon oath, v.-iietc they

Sw.

710 The ihirly-lkird Year of George III.

A.D.

to appear before them, at such time and plp.ee as they shall l79T appoint, and examine such persons upon oath; and in case it shall appear that such binding was fraudulent in order to fovrrnois.&c. 2Void serving in the militia, it shall be lawful for fitch so-

may ?ppo*pt

inn fun, ftau- vcrr.or, governors, or deputy governors, to appoint such i!ound,yiii person, so fraudulently bound apprentice, to serve as a ir.i-^l'a man ^or t',e har'^1 or plafe for which such lift shall have «caw) i been returned, if there shall be a vacancy; and if there snail be no vacancy at that time, then upon the fiift vacancy lot.priinlty that shall happen; and the person to whom such apprentice vviimntumid, shall have been so bound, flail, for such offence, foifcitand pay the sum of ten pounds.

If any qua-

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any person giiAiaferve, being one of the persuasion of the people called quakers, <.r pnivide a ]j|rfiofcn by ballet to serve in the militia, and shall re-

Jmmitm?,

jiovruiorr, fuse Rr ncsledt to appear, and to take the oath, and serve in

&c. may pro 0,1

vMeafibili. the militia, or provide a iubstitute, to be approved as afore-expcnc" by'1 fnid, who shall take the oath, and subscribe his consent to ‘Whti,; serve as the substitute of fuel) quaker, then, and in every such case, any three or more governors or deputy governors, shall, if they shall think proper, upon as reasonable terras as may be, provide and hire a fit person to serve as a substitute for fuc’n quaker; and such substitute shall take the said oath, and subscribe his consent to serve in the militia for the fame term, and on the fame conditions as herein before directed, in the case of substitutes produced by persons chosen by ballot, and any three or more governors or deputy-governors, may and are hereby authorized by warrant under their hands and seals, to levy by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such quaker, such sum of money as shall be necessary to defray the expence of providing and hiring such substitute, rendering to such quaker the overplus, (if any) after deducting the charges of such distress ifdiflicfs not anj gale; and if no roods or chattfls belontrine: to such

InSicicm, ami L ,_, , S

Quaker able quaker can be found, fumcient to levy such distress, and mryb;com- it shall nevertheless appear satisfactorily to such governor, »umbsf"rJ governors, or deputy-governors, that such quaker is of sufficient ability to pay the sum of ten pounds, then it shall be, lawful for such governor, governors, or deputy-governors, to commit such quaker to the common gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize, for (lie space of three months, cr until he shall have paid such sum of money as such governor,

The thirty third Year of George III. 711

r.or, governors, or deputy-governors, shall have agreed to A.D.

pay to such fubfiiuite as aforesaid; and in case any mca- ' ~'ba'

\ . r C.'i.u). 22.

sures shall be used in making distress as aforesaid, which may ,_____f_

be by any such quaker thought oppressive, it shall be lawful for such quaker to complain to the governor, governors, or -

at their next meeting, who are hereby

deputy-governors, empowered and required to hear, and finally determine the same.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no person be- Qj;il.n> r.nt

‘ t<‘ In' CMllH-

ing one of the people called quakers, shall be appointed !;!ca,&c. chief, high or petty constables, or other officers, for the purposes of carrying any of the regulations of this act into execution.

XXXVIII. Provided always, That if any person shall be

J J \ pomtfo to

appointed to such offices, and who shall rctufe to accept such nfiew, thereof, by reason of his being one of the people called quakers, such person shall solemniy affirm before the go-vemor or governors, or deputy governors, or any one or one more of them, at the next fub-division meeting, that he has been really, truly, and bona fide one of the people called quakers, for one year before lie was appointed to such office, and thereupon some other fit and proper person shall 0l,iqs >< be be appointed chief, high, or petty constables, or other officer, in the room of such quaker, in order to carry this act into perfect execution.

XXXIX. Provided also, That when it shall appear to the Cum no governor or governors, or any of them, and to any three or tiniii [U-ifi tls, more deputy governors assembled at any fub-division meet-

ing, that any person chcfen by ballot to serve in the militia, is unable, by reason of any infirmity, or not being of the height of five feet four inches, or is otherwise unfit for service, it shall be lawful for the governor, governors, or deputy-governors, so assembled, and they are hereby required to discharge such person, and immediately to amend the lift for the place for which such person shall have been balloted, and cause another person to be chosen in his stead by ballot, according to the directions of this act.

XL. And be it further enacted, That whenever any '-m

and two «;

militia-man, after having been sworn and inrolled, shall be- pmy fmd. come unfit for service, it shall be lawful for the lieutenant- "mi,"L colonel-commandant, or commanding officer of the regiment or battalion to which such militia-man shall belong, together m">

° = v.nfil

8 R 2 with

The thirty-third Year of George III.

with any two or more deputy-governors of the county to which such regiment or battalion belongs, if the said regiment or battalion shall then be within the said county, or for the commanding officer only, if the said regiment or battalion shall be absent therefrom, to discharge any militia-man of his regiment or battalion, but another man shall not be balloted for in the room of such militia-man so discharged. until such discharge shall be confirmed under the hands of a governor or governors, or of two or more deputy-governors of the county to which such regiment or battalion belongs, assembled at any meeting in the fub-division for which such militia-man was inrolled.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That where any militiaman shall, before the expiration of the term for which he was to serve, die, or be appointed a serjeant, corporal, or drummer in the militia, or be discharged in pursuance of the sentence of a court-martial, the vacancy thus occasioned shall be filled up by a frefl: ballot for a militia-man, to serve according to the provisions of this act.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That any three or more governors and deputy governors, at their several fub-division meetings shall, and they are hereby required to ballot for militia-men in the room of all militia-mcn actually* serving, before l it of wh0fc terms of service will expire before the first day of No-

Nov. cnluing, ‘ '

vember then next ensuing the holding of such fub-division meetings, and shall at a following meeting to be holden as soon as conveniently may be, proceed to inroll the said balloted men, or their substitutes; and the commanding officer of every regiment or battalion is hereby empowered from time to time to discharge any man of his regiment or battalion, whose time of service will expire before the first day of November then next ensuing, and to receive any other militia-man in his room, who shall have taken the oath and been inrolled according to the directions of this act; and every such man so discharged, if serving for himself, shall

712 A.D. 1793. Chap. 22,

another not to be balloted for until riif-chnrpc confirmed by governor, &c.

Where militia-man shall (lie, &c. vacancy to be filled by a ballot.

Governors, &c. to ballot for militiamen, in room of those whose time "I expire

?nd enroll them at next meeting;

commanding officers may iiifcliar^e men whole time will expire before 1st Nov. and receive otliet s;

such men entitled to fame immunity ns

(irrai.'if Oir be intitled' to the fame immunity from further service, as if ilicmfdves; j)(, j)a(] serve(j j,is full time; and if any such man so discharg-if fiibfiitutes, e(j Was serving ns a substitute, then the person for whom

the like for

tvfom served. he served shall be intitled to the like immunity as aforesaid.

vant'beTnro'i-

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any servant ird.amUdif- whatever, hired by the year, or otherwise, shall be inrolled

pate ante for '

6 ' !ls

The thirty-third Year of George III.

js a militia-man, and any difpulc shall arise between his mailer and mistress, employer or employers and such servant, touching any sum or Aims of money due to such servant for or on account of his service performed before the time of such Avearing and inrollment, or to such lime as under the conditions of the said (wearing and inrollment he shall be obliged to quit the service of his said mailer or mistress, by being called out to join the militia in which he shall have been so sworn and inrolled, it shall and may be lawful, on complaint made thereof, within three months from the time of quitting the said service, to any justice of the peace for (lie county, city, liberty, town or place where such mailer or mistress, employer or employers shall inhabit, for such justice to hear and determine every such complaint, and to examine upon oath every such servant, or any other witness or witnesses touching the fame, and to make such order for the payment of such wages to such servant in proportion to the service he has performed, as to such justice shall seem just and reasonable, provided the sum in quefiion does not exceed the sum of twenty pounds; and in case of refusal or non-payment of any sums so-ordered by the space of twenty-one -days next after '-such determination, such justice shall and may issue forth his or their warrant to levy the same by difrefs and Talc of the goods and chattels of such mailer or mistress, employer or employers, rendering the overplus to the owner or owners after payment of the charges of such distress and sale.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any person who shall receive money from any other person to serve as his substitute in the militia, as aforesaid, and shall neglect to appear at the usual meeting appointed for Avearing the militia-men, or before some governor or deputy-governor, in order to be (worn according to the directions of this act, every such person so nrglcding to appear and be sworn, being convicted thereof before any governor or deputy governor, shall be obliged to return the money to the person or persons from whom he received it, and also forfeit and pay to such person or persons any sum not exceeding twenty shillings, at the discretion -of such governor or deputy governor before whom lie shall be so convicted; and . if such offender shall not immediately return the money so by him received as aforesaid, and likewise pay the said penalty, he

Vo I- XVI. -8 S " shall

money due to fmatu. upon complain io

in 3 months, he nwy hear and dctfC-nvm*. if not

mo.C-haiizol.

on nor.-pny-nntit in ?-i days lu issue wariant lor dlilrtf*.

Any prrfoa leceiving mo* ney to lerve asaf'.iWlitute, and not attending to be fuorn. shall return muttcyi and forfeit

or be coin* tn:«d to /no! lot ? moivlii.

!)<»!, 05 jtif-ticoj to jm}-,

on rcfisfal to so-fcit $! a»iJ lmn cngageeJ.

7T4 The thirtj-ilird Year of George III.

A.D.

Hull be committed to the common gaol or house of correc-1793- tion for the space of three months, or until the said sum

fell be paid.

Persons re-

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any person clio-.fubafioin,'r fen by ballot to serve in the militia, shall have engaged any !ld ly other person to Terve as his substitute, and the person lb chcfcn by ballot shall have agreed to pay to the person so engaged a certain film for such service, and fell after such substitute has been inrolled, refuse to pay him the full sum agreed on, it shall and may be lawful for any governor or deputy-governor, or justice of the peace, on application made to him, and such governor, deputy-governor, or justice, is hereby required to order such sum of money as shall appear to him to be due to the person so engaged, to be immediately paid to him by the person or persons by or for whom he shall be engaged to serve as aforesaid; and in case of his refusing or neglecting so to do, to forfeit the sum of five pounds, and also the sum engaged to be paid so the substitute; the same to be levied by warrant under the hand and seal of any governor or deputy-governor, or justice of the peace, off the goods and chattels of such person so engaging such substitute.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That' whenever anybody of militia shall be embodied, and afcfent from the county to which it belongs, the commanding officer of such body of militia shall apply to every man whole time shall be within four months of expiring, and who in his judgment shall be lit to serve as a militia-man, and esquire if he is willing to continue in the service for such term as any man w ho flionld then be balloted to serve would be subject to, and for what -price or sum he will continue; and such commanding cfiicer shall on the first day of the months of January, March, May-, July, September, and November, rc- spedlively, or as soon after as conveniently may be, transmit to the clerk of the general meeting of the county to which his body of militia belongs, a list of all such private militia-mcn in such body of militia as he shall find willing to continue in the service, in which lift shall be set down K5s iifttrd ty ti)c fnms they are respectively willing to continue for, and which lift shall be signed by every such militia-man as aforesaid, and made in the following form, viz.

Wl'Cti mti-

Khlied ir.Pitia

i'blci't fmm

1 !lC O' com-

T":n»h« JC «!-

fcccr rrs»y *n-

P«"' !*, tl (O

Ciinlii.* e, as

Uticin

'Jill* tP oc

I'cittm

j»v co.ii. cfH-

CcT In cU-.k

most*

herein;

Dated

The thirty-third Year of George III.

Dated the Day of

7r$

A.D. 1793.

Chap. 22.

Form of

Lift.

‘Name of the County

Names of Men actually serving

If Subftt-tutes, for whom they feive

Of the Parish of

j Time of In the Service Barony of expires on the

Sum for which they engage to serve

Signature of Content

A.B. C.D. p.

II.

c. j.

L. M

CL

I.

G. K.

R.

N.

A.B. E. J. G. K.

And

EnHfting of militiamen void;

- militia-man dcuying that be is such i

or offering himself to cn-Jiil, to be rorhmitted for 6 months;

ant! from ex- piration of if i ice in militia (tull belong to such - corps j

penalty on enlisting a militia-man knowingly, cr ^without afle-ing, if lit he-lotifr- to militia 2Cl»

fuMier. offering himft-if for a militiaman iol. or .3 months ini-.piiloimicnt.

Copier of jo'l-tole rranimitted

by detks of

The thirty-third Year of George III.

And that the signing of the said roll shall be binding upon the persons signing the fame, to all intents and purposes ’ whatsoever.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any officer, serjeant, or other person shall at any time "wilfully and knowingly enlist any man to serve in his Majesty's other forces, who at the time of such enlisting shall be enrolled or engaged to serve in the militia, every such enlisting shall be deemed null and void; and in case any militia-man at the - time of offering to enlist as aforesaid, shall. deny to the officer, serjeant, or other person recruiting for men to enlist :and serve in his Majesty's other forces, that he is (at the time of his offering to enlist) a militia-man, then actually enrolled, and engaged to serve, (which the said officer, serjeant, or other person is hereby required to-ask every man offering to enlist in his Majesty's other forces) or shall offer himself to be enlrfted and serve in any other regiment or battalion of militia, every militia-man so offending shall, on conviction thereof upon the oath of one witness before any one justice of the peace, be committed to the common gaol or house of correction, there to remain without bail or mainprize, for-and during any time not exceeding fix-months, over and above any penalty or punishment to which such -person so offending is, or shall be otherwise liable; and every person so offending from the day on which his engagement to serve in the militia shall end, and no sooner, shall belong as a soldier to such corps of his Majesty's other forces into which he shall have so enlisted^ and if any officer, serjeant, or other person shall-enlist.any man belonging to the militia, to serve in his Majesty's other (forces, knowing him to belong to the militia, or'without asking him if he belongs to the militia, every such officer, serjeant, or other person shall, for every such 'offence, -forfeit and pay :the sum of twenty pounds; and if any person actually serving in any of his Majesty’s'Other forces, shall offer himself to serve, and be enrolled as a substitute in the militia, every person so offending shall forfeit and pa.y to the person informing of such offence, the sum of ten pounds, or be committed to the common gaol or house of correction, for any time not exceeding three months.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the clerks of all fub-division meetings shall, within eight days after every I sub-

The thirty-third Year of George III. y i j

fub-division meeting, transmit to the clerk of the general A.D. meeting of the county, fair and true copies of such rolls aSQ* ^'’' shall be signed at such meeting, and of the other proceedings thereof. r,:llillv t,

clerks of pc».

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the custos rotulo- nwtftinj-. raw;, or senior governor, in case of the absence of the custos UI nhikrum of every county, shall, and he is hereby required ^|ra"r‘1,!|"" to transmit to his Majesty's privy council, annually, an ac- iurfe to count in writing of the true (late of the number of persons P"'> U"M' fit and liable to serve in the militia for such county.

L. And be it further enacted, That the money arising by l’m-.uiK

for icf.tlinp tii

penalties incurred for refusing to serve in the militia, or to find substitutes to serve in their room, shall be applied by any governor or governors, or three or more deputy-governors, within their respective fub-divisions, in providing fub-ilitutes for those persons who shall have paid such penalties, which substitutes shall be sworn in, and enrolled to serve for the fame term, and on the fame conditions as are herein before provided, in case of substitutes provided by persons chosen by ballot; and if any surplus shall remain, the fame fnrplin shall be paid to the lieutenant-colonel-commandant, or com- ["Jit?'1 manding officer of the respective regiments or battalions in which such persons ought to have served as militia-men, and be applied as part of the regimental flock.

LI. And be it further enacted, That in all cases in the oub in »ti execution of this act, when any matter or thing is directed to be enquired of or examined into upon the oath or affirmation j^"1-of any witness or witnesses, before any governor of any t,n-county, or any deputy-governor or governors, or justice or or juiltcc; justices of the peace, they and every of them is, and are hereby authorized to administer such oath or affirmation to any witness or witnesses; and that all other oaths or affirmations to be taken in pursuance of this a cl, shall and may be respectively adroiniftered by any governor, or deputy-governors, and every person who shall knowingly and wilfully p-mlties Fnr make any false oath or affirmation in any matter required by this act, and being thereof convicted, shall fnffer the penalties of wilful and corrupt perjury.

LII. And be it further enacted, That in the several conn- Rcpimcni» ties where the number of men is sufficient, the militia shall »w u be formed into one or mote regiments, consisting of not more "3 sow than twelve, nor less than eight companies of one hundred

Vol. XVI. 8 T men btrr fufHcienti

Chap. 22

5, and nnt lei’s than 3 companies battalion ivilh major;

1 capt. 1 Vu lit. and 1 en(ji:n to each coin* pany.

Battalions of 3 companies, or up-ward>t may have grenadiers or light infantry, with

2 lieutenants. 8 companies, and upwards, may have gre-nadiei'h and light infantiy, with 2 liente nantstoeach; 1 capt. t limit-and 2 enligns to each battalion comp of too men;

1 cflpt- and

3 lltnts. to grenadiers am! light in* fantry.

When commandant, Ike* out of Ireland. like powers veiled in next in enmmaud until his return, of which he is to fend notice to clerk of peace, who ilia! notify to udicer.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

tv.cn to a company at the most, and fifty men at the leafi; and the field officers of fitch regiments shall be as follows; that is to say, one lieutenant-colonel-commandant, one lieutenant-colonel, and one major; and where the number of militia-mcn of any county, or county of a city, or county of a town, shall amount to a number under eiaht, and

’ O'

not less than five companies, such militia shall be formed into a battalion, and the field officers of such battalion shall be one lieutenant-colonel, and one major only; and where the number of militia-men of any county of a city, or comity of a town, shall amount to any number under five, and not less than three companies, such militia shall be formed into a battalion with one major, and no other field officer; and in each regiment or battalion of militia, there shall be otic captain, one lieutenant, and one ensign to each company.

LIII. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for even-battalion confiding of five companies or upwards, to have one company of grenadiers, or light infantry, to which two lieutenants shall be appointed, instead of one lieutenant, and one ensign; and it shall be lawful for every regiment con-sifting of eight companies or upwards, to have one company of grenadiers, and one company of light infantry, to each of which companies, two lieutenants shall lie appointed, instead of one lieutenant, and one ensign; but it is hereby declared to be the intent and meaning of this act, that all battalion companies confiding of one hundred, shall have four commissioned officers, namely, one captain, one lieutenant, and two ensigns; and all grenadier and light infantry companies, consisting of the like number of one hundred men each, shall have one captain, and three lieutenants.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That when any lieutenant-colonel-commandant, or other commanding officer of any regiment or battalion, shall be absent from Ireland, all the powers by this act given to such lieutenant-colonel-commandant or other commanding officer, shall be vested in, and lawfully may be exercised by the next officer in command in such regiment or battalion, who shall be residing within this kingdom, until such lieutenant-colonel-commandant, or other commanding officer shall be returned to this kingdom, and shall have notified his arrival to the clerk of the peace of the county, to -which such regiment or battalion belongs; and the clerk of the peace is hereby required

fi forthwith.

7 '9

D.

in 1793. Chap. 2;.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

forthwith, upon receipt of fuel) notification, to tr.msmit an A. account thereof to the officer who shall have been next command, as aforesaid; and all acts, matters and things done by such officer next in command, as aforesaid, in cx-crcifing the powers given by this ail, to lieutenant-coloncls-commandant, and other commanding officers, shall be good and valid in the law, equally as if they had been done by the lieutenant-colonel-commandant, or commanding officer himself.

LV. And be it further entitled. That when a battalion \vtuu a of militia is commanded by a lieutenant-colonel, who shall i, K, tom-have been commandant of the fame for five years, or longer, "^TorJ it shall be lawful for the lord lieutenant, or other chief jro- may

e give him 4

vernor or governors, to give to such lieutenant-colonel- Bwn commandant, a commission of lieutenant-colonel-conimaR- commaikLuu. dant.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That in all

it further enacted, That in all counties Where fuf-where the number of men are sufficient to form fix compa-

companies hut nut fur a

rctfimtiif,

nies, but not sufficient to form a regiment, it shall be lawful for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or g°- vernors of this kingdom, to confer on three officers of such the rank of companies appointed and qualified according to the directions commandant, of this act, the rank of lieutenant-colonel-commandant, lieu- ajul

tenant-colonel, and major, but with no higher pay than if they were appointed lieutenant-colonel, major and captain; and where the number of men shall be sufficient to form four fnifi-

companies.

but not sufficient to form fix companies, it shall be lawful for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or S governors, in like manner to confer on two officers of such mjV Cl,;fcr

rank 01 i.cut.

companies, appointed and qualified as aforesaid, the rank cut n.il nu-of lieutenant-colonel, and major, but that only one of them IT.’c higher ° shall be entitled to any higher pay than that of a captain. pay ifiancapt.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That any person duly j.; cut. maf qualified as lieutenant, may be appointed to the rank of rap-tain-lieutenant, in any regiment or battalion of militia, con-lifting of not less than fix companies, but that no captain- »: i u»k ‘ lieutenant shall by the date of his commission, or otherwise, c-immamU be entitled to the rank above, or to command any captain cap‘am' of a company in the militia.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That the lieutenant- V eut.-cnl.*

1; ! , v /r- r commandant,

colonel-commandant, or commanding ‘omcer 01 every regi- or corrfM,d-ment or battalion- of militia, with the approbation of the

8 T 2 lord pi ob*iion nf

if appointed out of other forces, his rank preferred;

and may give him a lieutenancy or en-ligncy, aitho* not qualified;

where not less than 6 c< n> pam«», adjutant may be appointed capt. by brevet, if he has served 5 year# aaiieut tW not qualified.

Instrument to specify a# herciu.

Adjutant# so appomtr- captains* not torankabove, Or command captain#, nor receive greater pay than Jieut. and adjutant.

Commanding officer* where more than 2 com panic* when nut iii (mice, may appoint a clerk, fala*y not more than 50l. a year.

Clerk to give security lovullePor;

The thirty-third Year of George III.

lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, for the time being, but not otherwise, shall appoint one proper person, who shall have served abroad for the space of three years, at the time of such appointment, or who shall have actually served in some of his Majesty's regular forces for the space of three years, to be an adjutant, with constant and daily pay, as in his Majesty's other forces during the time the militia shall be drawn out and embodied; and if such adjutant shall be appointed out of his Majesty's ether forces, lie shall, during his service in the militia, preserve his rank in the army, in the same manner as if he had continued in that service; and the lieutenant-colonel-commandant, or commanding officer of any r< giintnt or battalion of militia of any county, may give any fitch adjutant a commission of lieutenant or ensign, although such adjutant may not have the qualification required by this act for a lieutenant or ensign; and it shall be lawful for the lieutenant colonel-commandant, or commanding officer of any regiment or battalion of militia raised within such county, confiding of not left than fix companies, to appoint the adjutant of such regiment or battalion, to the rank of captain by brevet, provided such adjutant has served Five years in the rank of lieutenant within the militia, or in his Majesty's other forces, although such adjutant may not have the qualifications required by this act for captains.

LIX. Provided always, That no such appointment to the rank of captain shall be valid, unless in the instrument granting the fame it be spedfied in what regiment or battalion, and whether of the militia, or of his Majesty's other forces, such adjutant hath served in the rank of lieutenant, and what was or were the date or dates of his commission or commissions.

LX. Provided also, That no adjutant so appointed to the rank of captain, shall by the date of such appointment as aforesaid, or otherwise, be entitled to rank above, or to command any captain of a company in the militia, ndr shall by virtue of such appointment, be entitled to receive any greater pay than that of a lieutenant, together with his pay as adjutant.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That the lieutenant-colonel-comtnandant, or where there is no lieUtenarit-colonel-commandant, the commanding officer of any regiment or battalion of militia, confiding of more than two companies, when such regiment or battalion-is not in actual service, may appoint a regimental or battalion clerk, with an annual salary not exueeding fifty pounds, who shall execute the office of pay matter.

LXII. Provided always, That every such regimental or battalion clerk, shall forthwith give fecutity by recognizance to his Majesty,

with

The thirty-third Year of George III.

with two sufficient sureties, which lecognizance shall be entered into before the collector of his Majesty's revenue for the county or county of a city, for which every fuclt regiment or battalion shall be raised; and it shall be lawful for every fitch collector to take and receive every such recognizance, for the use of his Majesty, conditioned to be accountable for, and to pay all such sum and Anns of money, as every such clerk shall receive for the due performance of the trust to be repoied in him, which recognizance shall be lodged in his Majesty's exchequer, and in case of failure, shall be put in suit.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That no adjutant, surgeon, regimental or battalion clerk or quarter-inafter in the militia, shall be capable of being appointed captain of a company; and that no nerson holding the commission of captain of a company shall be capable of being appointed surgeon, regimental or battalion clerk or quarter-master; provided nevertheless, that any battalion clerk may lie appointed captain-lieutenant in any regiment or battalion of militia, entitled by the provisions of this act to have a captain-lieutenant; and that any surgeon or surgeons-mate may be appointed lieutenant or ensign to any regiment or battalion of militia, without being qualified as herein before directed.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That no cfTicer who is entitled to half-pay, shall be deemed, or taken to forfeit, or quit such half-pay, during the time be shall serve in any regiment or battalion of militia, but that the same shall nevertheless continue, and instead of the oath directed by the a A for punishing mutiny and defection, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, to be taken by such officers, lie shall take the following oath:

recognizance I'j.ljial in exchequer.

No adjutant, surgeon, clerk, nrquar-tcr mnfter, to be captain of a company; captain not to be surgeon, clerk, or (jiiarter-inaf-t fr;

clerk may be cnpt.-lieut. surg'on, or mate, may be Ifeut. or allien. without being qualified.^ Officers faring in militia, not to forfeit halfpay.

" 1 A.B. do fid-ear that I had not between the Half-pay

any place or employment of profit, civil or military, under his °!r"'r ‘oalh' Majesty, lefidcs my allowance of half-pay as reduced late regiment of J'ave and except my pay for

saying in a regiment of militia."

And the taking of the said oath, shall without taking any other oath,’ be sufficient to entitle such person to receive his half-pay.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That serjeants, corporals, and drummers, shall be appointed to the militia, in the following pro- rail w 20 portions; that is to say, there shall be three serjeants, and three corporals to -every twenty men; and two drummers to every 2 clmmmcn

1 J J . to a company

company, and the daily pay of every such ierjeant, corporal, and drummer shall be as follows; that is to lay, to every fer leant one

17 J corpora! erf.

Hulling and one penny, io cverv corporal eight-pence, and to every (irram-r su. Von. XVI. SU drummer ;';l

yzz The thirty-third Year tf/' George III.

A.D.

drummer eight-pence, and such serjeant, corporal, and drummer

1793' shall be new clothed, when not in actual service, once in two

Chap^22. years. an{j an serjeants and corporals shall take the-following oath;

when not in that is to say: a&tia) fervictf, clothed once

Oath to lie I A.B. do solemnly promise and swear, that I will he faith-!a^e" /«/, and bear trite allegiance to his Majesty King George the

corporals. third, and that I will faithfully serve as a serjeant or corporal (as the case shall be) in the militia, within the kingdom of Ireland, for the defence of the fame, until Ishall be legally discharged.

~Cs a day tp adjutant, -when militia -.not drawn out anti embodied; commanding officer of or more compa* nics, may appoint a fer-jcant-tnnjor, ami a drum, major; fcrjcnntu, cor-pmals, and (hummers,

having re* ccivftj, pnv,

cumpdl.ildc.

ftiWicsws not ioft»ve a? feijcanlH, coipuial', or

Scrjctnts,

COipniaii,t»ml drummers, may be <!»f-chatged by commanding officer, with confmt of t'tip'wlu, who may appoint oilier#, villi approbit ion of commanding office;:

Command-ing offiter may main damimers,

over 2 !«* trtv.ii cc:n-

jKity, r.s f^ers or.muliciaus,

LXVI. And be it further provided. That the pay of the adjutants, at the time that the militia shall net be drawn out and embodied, shall be six shillings per day; and the lieutenant-colonel - commandant of every regiment or battalion, or where there is no lieutenant-colonel-commandant, the commanding officer of every battalion, confiding of four or more companies, may appoints serjeant-major out of the serjeants, and a drum-major out of the drummers; and that all serjeants, corporals and drummers, having received any pay as such from any regiment or battalion, shall be deemed to he engaged, and compellable to serve.in such raglinent or battalion, until they shall be legally disc'narged.

LX'VdI. Provided always, That no person who shall keep any 'house df public entertainment, or who shall fell any ale or wine, or any spirituous liquors by retail, shall he capable of being appointed, or serving as a serjeant, corporal, or drummer in the militia.

LXVIII. Anti be'it further -drafted, That any serjeant, corporal, -or drummer, may be discharged by the lieutenant-colond-commandant,orwhere there is no lieutenant-colnnel-commandant, by the commanding officer, with the consent of the captain of the company, anii-th.it the captain, with the approbation of the commanding officer, may appoint any proper person in the room of any serjeant, corporal, or drummer, who shall die, dclcrt, or be discharged, all which serjeants and corporals, -when i’o appointed, shall lake the like oath as is herein before required to be taken by serjeants and corporals.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case the commanding officer of.any regiment or battalion, shall be desirous of keeping up a greater number of drummers than two per company, to he employed as lifers or musicians for the use of the said regiment r.r battalion, and shall be willing to defray the expence of such addi--i tioiia!

The thirty-third Year of George III. 7 23

tlonal drummers, it shall and may be lawful for the commanding A.D. officer of any regiment or battalion, to retain in their respective 179> corps any number of the drummers who Arall be employed as f.fers or musicians, therein over and above the number of two drummers iM’jest toic-fer company, established by this act, or at any time 'hereafter to engage any additional number of drummers to act as fifers or mu- fic' iiciansin their respective corps, and all ftieh drummers so retained, or in future engaged to serve in any such corps, as fifers or musicians, shall be deemed as drummers of militia, within the meaning of this act, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, and shall lie subject to the fame orders, regulations, penalties and ptinishments as other drummers of militia are by this act subject to; ami shall continue to serve as drummers so long as they shall receive the same pay and cloathing as other drummershave, or better cloathing in lieu thereof, and no longer.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That any person being a fer- . Ppatpnm jeant, letter-man, or other pensioner, on the ellabliffiinent of Kil- flail cental nham, or Chelsea hospitals, at the allowance of such hospitals, or either of them, and being appointed to serve in the militia, shall, and may receive the said hospital allowance, together with his pay from the said militia; and any person who shall have faithfully fcijranutn served as a serjeant in the militia for fifteen years, or as a corporal 3 or drummer for twenty years, and who shall be discharged on account of age or infirmity,-fitall, on the recommendation of tiic 2° yens, ami commanding officer of the regiment or battalion to which he be- ,.r mfir-longs, and any one or more of the governor or governors, and !yr!. two or more deputy-governors of the county to which the said re- mendedgiment or battalion belongs, or on the death or removal, or in the i,c ,:acti! absence'of the said.governor or governors, by the commanding of- pe'^,l1n!'anl ficer, and three or more deputy-governors of such county, he cn-’titled to examination at the Kiimainham-board, and he capable to be placed-on the pension of such hospital, if the said board ffiouid ftrj,nt3 a[). judge him deserving thereof; provided that no person, who fiinli pninud, alter lie-appointed a serjeant in the militia after the passing of this act, la, m.t ,n-.shall he entitled to such recompence until he shall have -served in the militia, or in the-army and rrdUtia for twenty years. im<k*rro^cais

ltnice.

LXXI. And be it further enaGcd, That the n.iiiua to he ar>- , pointed -as aforesaid, shall in every county concerning which pro- cmims'wliicl. clamation shall be made as aforesaid, be trained and exercised by regiment or battalion once in every year, for twenty-eight days to- tuiiwi «»« gether, in the manner herein after directed, at such time and place .-.suaj’, m;c. as shall be the lead inconvenient to the public; such time and place 10 he appointed by a.general meeting of the governor or governors mol «-

724 The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

and deputy-governors, to be holden as herein before directed within 1793- every county, or in default of any such meeting being holden, then by five or more deputy-governors hereby authorised to act, when appointed by the governor or governors shall not attend, or there shall lie no go-nieaing.'&c. vernor or governors as aforesaid, and during such time, as the militia shall be assembled for the purpose of being trained and ex-

vlirn militia 11 -

assembM. ail ercifed, all the ciaule$, provssions, matters and things contained m tiny aa>!n1U an7 Parliament» which shall be then in force for the punish-force with re- ing mutiny and desertion, and fof the better payment of the army, tin, officers, and their quarters, shall be in force with respect to the militia, and &c‘ all the officers, non-commissioned officers, and private men of the

iiot to'extend fame in all cases whatsoever, but so that no punishment shall ex-to life or limb. tcn(j tQ j0ps of ]jfe or limb.

Notice of

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That notice of the time and bvdrrkof1 place of exercise of the militia-men of each parish, shall be sent by t-enerai nuct- tj,e c|crp Gf tj,c general meetings to the chief or high constables, bies. &c. to or other officers of the several baronies, or other divisions, with clm^rd'doorr, directions to forward the same to the constables, or other officers, *«. and on within their respective baronies or other divisions; which constables

ulus) plates;

or other officers, shall cause such notice as aforesaid, to be affixed on the otitfide of the doors of the churches belonging to their respective parishes or places, or, (if any place shall have no church belonging thereto,) on the outside of the doors of the church of some parish or place thereunto adjoining, and also upon the usual men to attend place for polling notices in such parithor place; and all such mi-a.coi m0.y. ]jtja_men ff,a]] (]ujy attend at the time and place of exercise, according to such notice.

CMtaof

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the clerks -of the fe-

fub ibvillinis . rift

to trnnfniit veral fub-division meetings in every county, shall, ten days at lealt

tncntftocom- before the time so appointed for the annual exercise, cause a full mnndinpofii- ani] trlIC lift specifying the names and dates of the inrollment of

10 «;»ys 1/0

before annual all the porfons inrolled (within each fub-divinonrespectively,) to acrcirc. fcrvc ;n fm-j, regiment cr battalion, -to be transmitted to the commanding officer of such regiment or battalion, or to such person as shall he appointed by such commanding officer to receive the same.; and shall in like manner cause a duplicate of such lift to be transmitted to the adjutant of such regiment or battalion.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all mayors, sovereigns, bailiffs, burgomasters, seneschals, constables, and the chief and other magistrates, and officers of cities, towns, parishes,-and places, and (in their default or absence) for any one justice of the peace inhabiting within w near any such city, town, parish, cr place, and they and he are, and is hereby .5 required

nnriilunllcntrs 10 adjutant?.

VaynK,

vcrijMis,

bniliflV,

&t\ lo billet cllutrj ami privates of militia ability nifty otliir lorco

The thirty-third Year of George III. 725

locj’.iarler and billet ilic officers, non*cominifl;o:!cd of- A.D. iicers, nnu private n»cn serving ui iiic militia, at the limes when 5 ?9.v they shall be called cut to annual exercise, as by law they may billet his iil.ijesty’s other military forces; and when I lie militia is .-m

wit embodied, all mayors, and oilier ciiicl’, and oiliei majidrate', and ollieers aforesaid, or (in llleir delimit or absence) any one in!- 1"> lice of the peace as aforesaid may, and they and lie arc and is mv in-hereby required to billet as aforesaid, lueli serjeants, corporals 'llul and drummers of the militia.

I.XXV. And be it further cnaciul, That in case any militia- y}"1" ’

5 i n'liHtrt m»n

man shall on his march, oral the place wlieve lie dull be called Hull i>e dif-nut to annual exercise, be disabled by sickness or otherwise, it linll ‘,cli, be lawful for any one jufliec of the peace of the county or place, nr any mayor or chief magidralc of any city, town, or place where l,;l i such nun dull then be, by warrant under his hand and fe.il, to order him such relief, as such justice, mayor, or chief magistrate shall think reasonable; and the fame dull be given by the codec- riwitiycol. lor of his Majesty's revenue, of the place where such militia-man conn:’fined shall then be, and the collectors giving such relief, dull, upon pro- M"’11*' tlucing an account of the expences thereof, be allowed the fame in his accounts, such account being first allowed tinder the bands of two justices of the peace.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That when the militia shall be called out to be trained and exercised, any justice of the peace ins required of any county, being thereunto required by an order from the governor or governors, or any of them, or from any deputy-gover- j^j'* nors of such county, or from the lieurcnant-colonel-commandant, to pin vide or other chief commanding officer of any regiment or battalion, or detachment of militia, being within such county, to iffite his warrant to the chief or high-constables of baronies, or to the confla-bles or other officers of the several pariftes or places, from, through, near, or to which any such regiment, battalion, or detachment of militia shall be ordered to march, requiring them to provide such sufficient carriages to convey the arms, clothes, accoutrements, powder, match, bullets, and other (lores, with able men to drive such carriages as shall be mentioned in the said order; and in case if such nut such sufficient carriages and men cannot lie provided within any ij',ic.ju!iiK such county, barony, parish, or place, then any justice of the peace for any adjoining county, (lull, upon such order as aforesaid, be-iiTuc, &c. for ing shewn unto him, issue his warrant to the chief or high-con- cafrlastjJ&c. liable, constabks, or other such officers of any barony or place within such adjoining county or place, for the purposes aforesaid, to make up such deficiency of carriages and men; and such go-Vol. XVI. 8 X vernor.

726 The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

vernor, deputy-governor, or lieutenant-colonel-commandant, 1793- or other commanding officer requiring such carriages and men Chap. 22' provi(je(j aforesaid, (hallat the same time pay to every Kcmmor, &c' fucjj chief or hieh-constable, or other officer, for the use of the

to pay con- 0

flaMc j< per person or persons who shall provide such carriages and men, wry cart the sum of one shilling for every mile any cart with four '.nj'foti’pro' horses, and so in proportion for any cars, or other carriages portion; drawn by any less number of horses. for which respective coiriutiics to sums, every chief or high constable, constables, or other j'r!d or'icr"5' °dicer receiving the fame, is hereby required to give a re-iKifons to ceipt to the person paying the fame; and every such chief riaS«; or high constable, constables, or other officer, shall order and appoint such person or persons having carriages within their respective baronies or places, as they shall think proper to provide and furnish such carriages and men, according to the such person* warrant aforesaid; and every person so ordered, is hereby accordTr.piy required to provide and furnish the fame accordingly, for for day’s onc day’s journey, and no more; and in case any such chief or high constable, constables, or other officers, shall be at

coidlaWcs to,

iw repaid any charges for such carnages, over and above the money wire?tb'y're- which shall be so received ’by them as aforesaid, such over-v'riw'ui'ii*being verified upon oath, and approved of under the oarii, smi dP- hands of two iuflices of the peace, shall be repaid to them

j-ioved l»y 2 J A 1

justicei; without fee or reward, by the collector of every such county pid i>y col- or place, out of the public money, which shall in like manner be allowed in his accounts.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the lieutenant-mLe^rni'i.s' colonel-commandant, or other commanding -officer of every a" oft aT regiment or battalion of militia, shall, and he is hereby rc-nriiiu'n ca:id,i quired. as often as the -regiment or-battalion shall be called

out to aiinudl

<xcrcif«j out to annual exercise as before directed, to return to the chief feGrctary of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of the ’kingdom, a true state of such Tegi-. penalty for ment-or battalion; and in case any such lieutenant-colonel-

nepltclinp.

for 6 tnomhs, commandant, or commanding officer, shall refuse or neglect 1 ‘ for six months after the said annual exercise so to do, he shall for every fudt offence, forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds.

-Militia-loan

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every militia-.i!taud'roiit man (not 'labouring under any infirmity incapacitating him) t!n"i"if M " I10 fitab not appear at the time and place appointed for -exercise according to the directions of this act, (notice

The thirty-third Year of George III. 727

lice having been published as this act requires) shall be A.D. deemed a deserter, and if not taken until after the time of I/9.V such exercise, shall forfeit and pay the lum of ten pounds and also every militia-man who having joined the regiment "jj or battalion to which he belongs, shall desert or absent him- cJ^Jcfc'icr. self during the time of annual exercise, and shall not be ioi. ' taken until after the time of such exercise, shall forfeit and '

pay the sum of ten pounds; and if such penalty shall not be £1*;*'f,"ll immediately paid, the justice of the peace before whom any " such militia-man shall be convicted of any such offence, shall otife commit such militia-man to the common gaol, there to re- ;r «,i main without bail or mainprize, for the space of six months, IV.i'Vo-aoT'foi or until he shall have paid the penalty. 6 "

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any a militia-man shall desert or absent himself from his duty, and 3 months, on shall not return or be taken within the space of three months, Tomtom-from the time of his so deserting or absenting himself, then,

upon certificate thereof from the commanding officer of the &c- r"’-

r # 0 Ct-c.l to ballot

regiment or battalion to the governor, governors, or deputy- lor olheri.; governors, at any of their meetings, (or the fub-divisions for which such militia-man was enrolled, such governor, governors, or deputy-governors, or any three or more of them, are hereby required to hold a fub-division meeting, and to proceed to ballot for another person to serve, and be returned to such regiment or battalion, in the room of every such militia-man; and in case such militia-man shall, at any time return to, or be taken, he shall notwithstanding any person may w mm shall have been chosen in his room, be compelled to serve (me. in the same manner and for the fame term, as if no person had been so chosen in his room.

LXXX. And be it further cna61ed, That if any person

' .... who desert,

being sworn and enrolled toferveasafubfiitute in the militia, (bail icrvc full shall afterwards desert or absent himself from the regiment

day on which

or battalion to which he belongs, every such person shall be 37t!i'j"a'to liable to, and shall serve as a militia-man in such regiment pp;j,t'«. p"-

v iiilhiucnts,

or battalion, for and during the full term for which he shall ic. he enrolled, to be computed from the day on which he shall be apprehended, and shall also be subject to such other penalty or punishment as shall be inflicted upon him for such offence, by virtue of this act; and the commanding officer c":l"'1!n8

’ J 0 ofreer to give

of such regiment or battalion, shall cause notice to be given untie; uf to the clerk of the fub-div,ifion, for which such person was iiSuntlT' 8X2 enrolled,

:?.b

/ ‘

A. A f 79->

Tie tLirty-tiird 2 car oj George III.

enrolled, of the day- on which he was apprehended, and such clerk shall make an entry on the roll of the militia, of the name of fitch persons, and also of the time of his being so ap-.Icre nl full piehended.

'. VltlOU, will) 1

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That ail muskets, bayonets, swords, stores, and accoutrements, delivered for the service of the militia, shall be marked in some distinct place, with the letter (M), and the name of the county to which they belong; and in case any inililia-inan snail fell, pawn, or lofc any of his arms, clothes, or accoutrements, or neglect: or refuse to return the fame in good order to his ;rmliiti.1- captain) or to the person appointed to receive the same.

Itltlll l.mll Jell. r 1,1

imvn, «r every such militia-man shall, for every such offence, forfeit ac. immi and pay a sum not exceeding five pounds; and if such mi-Imn’cSie shall not immediately pay such penalty, the justice of the peace before whom lie shall be convicted, shall commit him to the common gaol or house of correction, for any term not exceeding three months, or until he shall have paid the said penalty.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall, knowingly and willingly buy, take in exchange, conceal, or etberwife receive any arms, clothes, (lores, or accoutrements, belonging to any militia-man, upon any account or pretence whatsoever, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, the person so offending, upon conviction thereof, before any justice of the peace, shall forfeit and pay for every such offence, the sum of five pounds; and if such offender shall not immediately pay such penalty, and shall not have sufficient goods and chattels whereon to levy such penalty, the justice before whom he shall be convicted, shall commit him to the common gaol,- there to remain without bail or roainprize for the space of three months, or shall cause such offender to be publickly whipped, at the discretion of such justices.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That when any re-Wc"'fMCro giment or battalion of militia, shall be assembled for the pur-l'e pi'it unto7 P°fc of being trained and exercised, it shall be lawful for the captain, or commanding officer of every company, to put the militia-mcn of his company under stoppages not exceeding six pence per day, for the purpose of providing them wish linen, and also with stockings and other necessaries, and for defraying the expence of repairing any arms which shall have 5 been

"nil mi.

i i.'iic ph m)!I.

'*.!» iHIClt'f

Wuk

iiox's,

i'uoulit-

mt'ills In Ik* i.aiM (M; mk! llolhC of county

;1. or btr roinmiuol.

iVna’tv for I’Mvjnjj, tak->‘i\l in t'X l.urg-.-T rnucca'ini; iii mu, iVc.

?l. or:

Tiinntlii. iin-ri'iiojummtt or whipping.

fioppagrf, for mirposes ))< (till j

The tl.hty-tl.ird Year of George III. 729

ken broken or damaged by any such militia-man’s neglect; A.D. provided always, That every such captain, or commanding 1793' officer, shall account with each 1r.ililia-1r.an for such floppage, and after dedufiing what shall have been laid out, and paid ilwas.sio'

n' ' 'i r be acc.Mimcl

ter needianes, and ler repairing ihc anus as aforesaid, shall iw, AHii i«

pay the sum remaining (if any there shall be) into the hands

of the militia-man to whom the fame belongs, before such !,'r^l,re

militia-man shall be difrnifled from such training and exercise.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That every adiu- Adjourn*

_. fc’jcant mi*

tant, serjeant-major, serjeant, corporal, drum-major, and

drummer of the militia, shall be at all times subject to any

act which shall be in force for punishing mutiny and de-

fertion, and for the better payment of the army, and to 10 mmin)’ 111 Y A and «r-

the articles of war, and under the command of the lieute- Celts of war,

nant-colonel-commandant, or (in the absence of the lieute- c"min"mur

nant-colonel-commandant,) the commanding officer of the

regiment or battalion to which he belongs; and it shall be '

° conimiutiji),’

lawful for the lieutenant-colonel-commandant, or (in his ab- «»;icrr- may. fence) the commanding officer of any regiment or battalion In^Kd ’f'ir" of militia, to direct the holding of courts-martial, when-ever such regiment or battalion shall be embodied for the lor

0 # t commuted

purpose of annual exercise, for the trial of any serjeant- Wo nt m-major, serjeant, corporal, drum-major, or drummer, of such regiment or battalion, for any offence committed during the time such regiment or battalion was not embodied, but so j-JJ that no punishment shall extend to thclofs of life or limb.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That any serjeant Si-.jc-int or

J J c,r|»'*r-i! uny

or corporal of the militia, may, by sentence of a court- 'oiiuoi martial, be reduced to the condition of a private soldier of ,a, if not the militia; to serve as such during any time not exceeding J

three years, after which time, if he shall not be regularly re- Jaclurscl. appointed to the rank of a non-commiflicncd officer, hc shall be discharged from the llrvice.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the arms, Annie, accoutrements, anti {lores', belonging to every regiment or V. ’. battalion cf militia, when not embodied, shall be kept in "(;]! "'f' some barracks or barrack, place or places within every'"1,1'1';"1'

' *_ 'flu lilt it >.'

county where his iVIiijesty’s regular troops shall be quartered or Rationed, or such other place therein as shall be appoint- vii.MiivA ed for that purpose by the lieute nant-colonel-commandant, hVsireti or other commanding officer; and the adjutant,... serjeant-Vot. XVI. 3 Y . majors, An a

The shirty-thud Year of George III.

majors, serjeants, corporals, and drummers, shall have free aceefs to fuel? arms and stores, for the purpose of examining, cleaning, and preserving the fame, which they arc iltan tiron hereby required to do once at least in every calendar month.

oitcciimootfi. *'*' J

LXXXVJ1. And be it further enacted, That.one-third at jcanit, corpo- least in number of the serjeants, corporals and drummers, in drumrr.ers, every regiment or battalion, shall be constantly resident with-cui'ilamiy^rc- jj, ^e city, town, or place where the arms belonging to such aims art kept, regiment or battalion are kept, and shall be under the command of ad- mand of the adjutant, who shall act in such command under the orders of the lieutenant-colonel-commandant, or (in the absence of the ljeutcnant-colonel-commandant) of the commanding officer of such regiment or battalion; and that the fc^ram-ma adjutant, and (in the absence of the adjutant) the serjeant-momMyre- n!iajor ffifffi make a monthly return of the true date of the vcIHoram*" fcrj®ant?!, corporals, and drummers, and of the arms, ac-commanding coutrements, and (lores of the regiment or battalion respect

offictr, in dc- . '

f.uit itibjift lively, to the governor- and governors or the county, and iiycoun m'"- th® commanding officer of the said regiment or battalion, in lsl; default of which, on each such neglect, such. adjutant or L serjeant-major shall be subject to such punishment as acourt-fcijeani, cor- martial shall adjudge; and that no serjeant, corporal, or drummer, shall, be absent from fuqh city, town, or place, without a regular furlough from the adjutant, or (in his absence) from the serjeant-major; and every serjeant, corporal, and drummer, who (ha.U absent himself without such furlough, shall be liable to be, apprehended as a deserter; and such adjutant shall never absent himself from such city, town, or place, without leave of the lieutenant-colonel-commandant, or (where there is no lieutenant-colonel-commandant) of the commanding officer of such regiment or battalion; provided nevertheless, that whenever such adjutant shall be absent with such leave as :aforesaid, then such serjeants, corporals, and drummers, shall be under the command of the serjeant-major, or of some serjeant-who shall be appointed by the said adjutant, with the approbation of the said lieutenant-colonel-commandant, or (in the absence of the lieutenant-colonel-commandant) the commanding officer, to act as serjeant-major, during the absence of such adjutant.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any mili-

poial, or drummer, absent without flu tough from adjutant* or serjeant major, nppichcnded as a defeitci;

adjutant not to absent him-fclf without leave of commanding otfi-

«r;

when adjutant ahlent, leijeantf, fire, under serjeant major, or fujeaut appointed as herein.

MIKtia-n)3n not join ing, or d«r-fcrting dur-

jQmll pot joia in the regiment or battalion to whic

he

The thirty-third Year of George III.

he belongs, at the time of annual exercise, or shall desert during the time of annual exercise, and shall not be apprehended before the expiration of the time appointed for such exercise; and if the commanding officer, or the adjutant of such regiment or battalion, or the commanding officer of the company of such regiment or battalion to which such offender belongs, shall receive information of the place where he shall be or reside, any such commanding officer or adjutant, may, by writing under his hand, describe the person of such offender, and also certify that he did not join the regiment or battalion at the time of annual exercise, or that he deserted during the time of annual exercise, (as the case may be] and fend the fame by a serjeant, corporal, or drummer of such regiment or battalion, to the adjutant or serjeant-major of the regiment or battalion of the county wherein such offender is supposed to be, or reside, and the adjutant, or serjeant-major, to whom such certificate shall be sent, shall dircS a party of the serjeants, corporals, or drummers of the regiment or battalion to which he belongs, to alfift in apprehending such offender, and conveying him before a justice of the peace of the county wherein such offender shall be apprehended; and if by his confession, or the testimony of any witness or witnesses upon oath, or the knowledge of such justice, it shall appear, or be found, that such person is guilty of such offence, such adjutant or serjeant-major shall order a party of the serjeants, corporals, or drummers, under his command, to convey such offender to the head quarters of the regiment, or battalion of militia of the next county, in the way to the county to which such offender belongs, and deliver him into the custody of the adjutant, or serjeant-major of such regiment or battalion, who shall causehim to be conveyed in like manner to the adjutant or serjeant-major of such regiment or battalion of the next county, and so in like manner until such offender shall be delivered into the custody of the adjutant or serjeant-major of the regiment or battalion to which he belongs, who shall take him before a justice of the peace, to be dealt with according as this act directs, in cases of militia-men deferring or absenting themselves from their duty; and from the time of his being fa apprehended as aforesaid, until he is brought before such justice of the peace as aforesaid, such offender shall be subsisted at the rate of six pence per day, by the 8 Y 2 collector

731 A.D.

793-Chap. 22.

me arr.tul <xctct'.V, ou

infottv.ifit;,

officer rtmy fem! a t5.:-fetij*: ton as l:i-icit),tn id-j»|.iut, &c. uiurr hr :r, to hire him aj'p.chtndca;

oil convicttoo before a juf* lice, offender to hr convey ul as herein, Until brought lo adjutant of lib tcgiilicnl;

lli *:i to lit! brought lo t jollier,

Cd a thf

by cvl Ic&ur

73z The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

colicclor of such county to which such regiment or battalion 1793- belongs,' for which fublifler.ee such collector shall be allowed

Chap. 22.

in his accounts; and if any serjeant, corporal, or drummer,

fcj.-autf, car- fna]| desert from the regiment or battalion to which he be-

pom.*, nr w

il.mmnm, longs, it shall be lawful for any constables, or other officer may be sp- of the town or place where any person who may be reason-

t'i'ililf,b> ably suspected to be such deserter shall be found, to cause such persons to be apprehended and taken before any such justice of the peace, being in or near to such town or place, who is hereby empowered to examine such suspected person, and if by his confession, or the testimony of any witness or witnesses upon oath, or by the knowledge of such justice it shall appear or be found, that such suspected person is such deserter: such justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the common gaol of the county or place where he shall be found, or to the house of correction, or other public prison, in the town or place in or near to which such deserter shall be apprehended, there to remain until he shall be demanded by some person or persons authorized to receive him as herein after directed, and shall transmit an.account thereof to the clerk of the general meeting of the county to which jtaolcr In re- such deserter belongs, and the keeper of such gaol-, house of Ijict/but'no correction, or prison, shall receive the full, fubfifleflee of ltCi such deserter, for the maintenance of such deserter during the time he shall continue in his custody, but shall not be

entitled . to any fee or reward on account of his imprison-clciksiotncl roent; and such clerk of the general meetings receiving such

coptestoconi-

man<!ini! oft-

justScc? may commit inch dcfcrtcis instil demanded by persons authorized, and tmnJmit arctnm'-b to cli'i of general nuct jugs;

uipirsiocnni- account] flia]! immediately transmit a copy thereof to the

ceis, aiidatl-frc.

lieutenant-colonel-commandant, or commanding officer of the regiment or battalion of the county, and also to the adjutant or other officers commanding the serjeants, corporals, and drummers of such regiment or battalion, and where there arc more than one regiment or battalion, such clerk shall fend such copy to all the lieutenant-colonels-commandant, or commanding officers of regiments or battalions, and also to all the adjutants or officers commanding, serjeants, corpo-commaimiiip rals, and drummers within his county: and the colonel,

ofiims or s;J- 1

jlitants,

ftfudfctjtnbts, hc. with of decs to ft.iol1

lieutcnar.t-colonel-coniinandant,' or

anding officer of

tic. mil,or.’ the regiment or battalion to which such deserter shall

found to-belong, or the adjutant or officer commanding the

City ftCi C »f 5

serjeants, corporals, and drummers of*, such regiment or battalion, shall, and he is hereby required immediately on re-...... ceiving

The I'jirtj-fJjird Year of George III.

H

/3j

A.D.

aiving such copy as aforesaid, to fend any serjeants, cor porals, or drummers of the regiment or battalion, to the __

place where such deserter shall be confined, and shall also —,

find by such serjeant, corporal, or drummer, or the lvrjcnnt commanding such party of serjeants, corporals, or drummers, an order, under his hand and seal, to the keeper of the said gaol, house of correiftion, or prison, requiring him to deliver such deserter to the person or persons therein named, which he is hereby required to do; and the fer- 1 !r 1 jeant, corporal, or drummer, to whom such deserter shall I r: lit finn' be so ordered to be delivered, in case one only shall be font ' on such duty, shall apply to the adjutant or serjeant-major of the regiment or battalion of the county where such deserter shall be so confined as aforesaid; and such adjutant or serjeant-major shall order a sufficient party of the serjeants, corporals, or drummers under his command, to assist in conveying such deserter, and he shall be conveyed to the adjutant or serjeant-major of the regiment or battalion to which he belongs, in the same manner as before directed, with rc-spefl to the conveying of private militia-men to the adjutant or serjeant-major of the regiment or battalion to which they shall belong; and such adjutant or serjeant-major shall take such deserter before a justice of the peace of the county to ten..-which he belongs, who shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the common gaol, house of correction, or other ' public prison of such county, where lie shall remain without bail or mainprize, until the regiment or battalion to which he belongs, shall be embodied for annual exercise, or for afiual service, (which shall first happen); and the lieutc-nant-colonel-commandant, or commanding officer of such re- cjokr i« giment or battalion, shall then issue an order under his hand inter, alii' and seal, to the keeper of the gaol, house of correction, or prison where such deserter shall be confined, requiring him j1? to deliver such deserter to the person or persons therein named, which he is hereby required to do; and such lieutc-nant-colonel-commandant, or commanding officer, is hereby empowered and required to summon and bold a court-martial, for the trial of such deserter, in such manner, and with the fame power and authority as shall be given and di-rcdled by any act of parliament which shall then be in force, for punishing mutiny and desertion, and fot the better payment of the army, and their quarters; and if upon any such Vol. XVI. ' 8 Z trial,

734

A.D.

793-Chap. 22.

jitmiHuurnt

W'l tn i jcitW* to tiff «-r !i:ul>;

ptioVrs. to rr-CcivfllrfttlCIS Iw 24 ln»\*T5, iinquiiul l y :cij-im?, Ac

(Vi;i:utt>, Ac. on iuctt «Jmy, to be lulkUu.

Cirri; to p:;y 20s. toprifoi: v.ho ajijtro-hfiu!' a celt. ler.

Kvalty for ltntbtmrmp a dclVitcr 51.

In cnfc^ of

inv:tfii*D» ic*

or

tnbirrcflion, lord lirtit. may order

j;ovcTimrs &c. to embody militia asdl* itdUd

The thirty-third Year of George III.

trial, such deserter shall be found guilty, it shall be lawful to pur.iih Fuch dcfericr, in such manner as such court-martial shall in their difcrclion think fit, according to the powers and provisions of such act, and of the articles of war, but so that no such punishment shall extend to the lot's of life or limb; and all gaolers and keepers of prisons, shall, if required so to do, by any serjeant, corporal, or drummer, employed in conveying any such militia-man, or serjeant, corporal, or drummer, so offending, to the regiment or battalion to which he belongs as aforesaid, receive into their cuf-lody, and confine such offender for such time as they shall be respectively so required as aforesaid, not exceeding twenty-

four hours; and every such gaoler, or keeper of any prifoa, who shall refuse so to do, shall forfeit the sum of five pounds; and all such serjeants, corporals, and drummers, while they arc employed in executing such duty as aforesaid, shall be billeted in like manner as serjeants, corporals, or drummers, belonging to his Majesty's other forces employed in apprehending and conveying deserters are to be billeted.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the justice of the peace, before whom any deserter shall be convifled, shall and may issue his warrant to the clerk of the regiment, or battalion, to which such deserter shall belong, or where there is no clerk, to the commanding officer, requiring such clerk, or such commanding officer to pay out of the flock of such regiment or battalion, the sum of twenty shillings, to the person who shall have apprehended such deserter, and such clerk or commanding officer, is hereby authorized and required to pay the same accordingly upon demand.

XC. And be it further enacted, That if any person snail harbour, conceal, or assist any deserter, knowing him to be such, the pcifon so offending, shall forfeit for every such offence, the sum of fivr pounds.

XCI. And be it further enacted, That in all cases of afiual invasion, or upon imminent danger thereof, to be signified by proclamation from the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors, and privy council of Ireland; and.in all cases of rebellion, or insurrection, it shall be lawful for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, to order and direct the governors and lieutenant-colonels-commandant, or commanding officers of 5 militia.

735 A.D. 1793. Chap. 22.

The thhlyihird Year of George III.

militia, of the said several counties, or on the death or removal, or in the absence from their respective counties, or any of them, then any three or more deputy-governors with all convenient speed, to draw out and embody all the regiments and battalions of militia, within their respective counties herein before appointed to be raised and trained, or such parts of them as the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors shall in his or their wisdom judge necessary, and in such manner as shall be best adapted to the circum-ilances of the danger, and to put the said forces under tiic t« tv muUr

r r 1 f , 1 1! COTHUmllf

commana of such general officers, as the lord lieutenant or "rncia! olfi*

other chief governor or governors shall he pleased to appoint,

and to direct the said forces to be led by their respective

officers into any parts of this kingdom, for the repelling and

prevention of any such invasion, and for the suppression of any rebellion or insurrection within the realm of Ireland;

and the officers, non-commissioned officers, drummers, and ',lf

be under i\u

private men of the several regiments and battalions of the rommami of militia, shall from the time of their being drawn out and during such embodied as aforesaid, and until they shall be returned again to their respective paridies, or places of abode, remain under the command of such general officers, and during such uny^'-. time as aforesaid, all the provisions contained in any act of parliament, which shall then be in forcefor punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, shall be in force with respect to the militia, and shall extend to all the officers, non-commissioned officers,

' drummers, and private men of the militia, in all cases whal-soever.

XCII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Militia

lift t<» leave Iie-

neither the whole, nor any part of the mihlia directed by ua. this act to be raised and maintained, shall, on any account, be carried, or ordered to go out of Ireland.

XCIII. Provided always, That whenever the lord lieute- wi>e" Iwd

y lieut. camcs

nant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, more titan

shall cause the mjlitia of- more than four counties to be "unites

drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, if the parliament shall then be separated by adjournment or prorogation, that will 'Jjf"":

not expire within fourteen days, the lord lieutenant, or other 14 Jays, if

chief governor or governors may, and shall issue a proclama-

tion for the meeting of the parliament within fourteen days,

and the parliament shall actually meet and fit upon such

R Z 2 day

The thirty third Year of George III.

day as shall be appointed by such proclamation, and continue to fit and act in like manner to all intents and purposes as if it bad food adjourned or prorogued to the fame day.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That the governor or governors of every county, or any of them, or on the death or removal of such governor or governors, or on his or their absence from the country, any three or more deputy-governors, to whom any such order as aforesaid shall be directed, shall issue his or their order to the chief or high constabics, or other officers of the several baronies or other divisions within their respective counties, with dircclions to forward the fame immediately to the constables or other officers of the several parishes and places within their respective baronies, and such constables or other officers are hereby required, upon receipt thereof, forthwith to cause notice in writing to be given to the several militia-men, or left at their several places of abode within their respective parishes or places to attend at the time and place mentioned in such order; and if any militia-man so ordered to be drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, (not labouring under any infirmity incapacitating him to serve as a militia-man,) shall not appear and march in pursuance of such order, every such militiaman shall be liable to be apprehended and punished as a deserter, according to the provisions of any act which shall be then in force for punishing mutiny and desertion; and if any person shall harbour or conceal any militia-man when ordered out into actual service, knowing him to be a militia-man, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That no officer serving in the militia, shall fit in any court-martial upon the trial of any officer or soldier, serving in any of his Majesty's other forces; nor shall any officer serving in any of his Majesty's other forces, fit in any court-martial upon the trial of any officer or private man serving in the militia.

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That where any regiment or battalion of militia shall be draivn out into actual rtawiing offi- service, and during the time they shall continue in actual ccr may dp- service t]le Ijeutenant-colonel-commandant, or where there

point an a- 7 7

gent, and take js no lieutenant-colonel-commandant, or in the absence of the lieutenant-colonel-commandant, the commanding officer thereof, shall and may appoint an agent to such regiment or

battalion,

m litin tv,:,n (not imapa-< Hated) i;e-plitting m attend, pts-nifhtcl as a ill fetter ;t-Coxiitig to mutiny act;

penalty f«»r l.aiIn uriig ikliitir 5l.

MiMa of-|mci< not to lit in oilier cmut-inai-llal, nor other olUcctsin mi-Ji.u comt-niartsal.

Wlitlil re-piment, ftc. in actual service, com

Iccmity;

The thirty-third. Year of George III. 737

battalion, and shall take feenrity from such agent; and such A. 13. lieutenant-colonel-commandant, cr where there is no lieu-tenant-colonel-commandant, or in case of hi? absence the commanding officer shall be, and is hereby made subject and liable to make good all deficiencies that may happen from the said agent, or from himself, upon account of the pay, clothing, or public flock of such regiment or battalion.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That when the militia C. 1UW

tt) |MV 10 Of-

of any county shall be ordered out into a <3ual service, the ui c«iy

collector of his Majesty's excise'or revenue of such county or incii ia;-. place, shall, and is hereby required forthwith to pay to the

captain or other commanding officer of every company of mi- litia so ordered out, the sum of one guinea, for the life of every private militia-man belonging to his company, and the said collector shall also pay to every captain or other com- cm; manding officer of a company as aforesaid, the sum of one guinea for every recruit, as early as may be, after fticli recruit shall have joined his company while out in a final service as aforesaid; (all which money so paid by such collectors, shall be allowed them in their accounts,) and the money so money :o he received by any captain or other commanding officer, or so a.7..o,ii7| v much thereof as such captain or commanding officer shall ky "a,'a: think proper, shall be laid out in the manner he shall think most advantageous for the respective militia-men; and such captain or commanding officer shall, before any militia-man mm. of his company receives his discharge, account to such militia-man how the said sum of one guinea hath been applied and disposed of, and shall pay the remainder of the money, if any, to the said miiitia-man.

XCVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted,

That in case the term of service of any person, so ballotted and enrolled for any regiment of militia, shall be prolonged as aforesaid, beyond the terra of four years, then and in such case, the collector of the county or place to which such militia-man shall belong, shall, and lie is hereby required forthwith to pay to the . captain or other commanding officer of each company respectively, the sum of one guinea for every person whose term of service shall be so prolonged; and ill tiivli'-.riji

1 tv-ry

cafc such term shall be f.> prolonged for more than three years, at j yc.m; then at the expiration of three years he shall pay the like further film of one guinea, for every person whole term shall he prolonged, and shall in like manner at the expiration of t? > V -'t-

Vol. XVI. 0 A every

cuiiin

time ptiji*

r-i

Ch..|». 22.

I..!.- i»t!

;*?t!

: ;j r:i oi*

h-n 5

y -jR The thr:y-il:rd Year of George III.

A.D.

every additional term of three years, -pay the like further sum l7')?r of one guinea, a!i which money so paid by the collector snail he allowed him in his accounts, and the money so received by any captain or commanding officer, or so much thereof r.s fncli captain or commanding officer shall think proper, shall be laid out in the manner he shall think most advantageous for each respective militia-man, and such captain or commanding officer shall, from time to time, account to such militia-man how the said sum or sums have been applied'and r-not.-idiT to disposed of, and shall before any such militia-man receives

his difeitarge, pay oyer to him the remainder of the said

money, if any such shall not have been so applied, dispofd of, and accounted for.

Fr.im elate XCIX. And be it further enacted, That from the date of i-'m'sk’V.hi the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors tvar-r:nt’ ^':i ‘!rawinS '^lc militia out into actual service, the of-ia ,t as ml., r ricer;, :liKi private men of the militia fnnll be entitled to the

i.- miikMs (if 1

fame pay as the officers and private men of his Majesty's other regiments of foot receive, and no other; and if any cosi-rantifJ t.i mjihoned officer or private map. of the militia shall be maimed or wounded in a dual for vice, he shall be equally entitled to the benefit of Kilmainliam hospital, with any non-coai-missioned officer or private man belonging to any of his Ma-jeliy’s other forces.

' tvinn ml- C.' And be it further enacted, That when the militia, or liial! fiiliject" any part thcrcoi, having been drawn out into actual service d't»am&cUla» as al"orc^a"'-'i be again duly disembodied, and the of-iitforc. ' ficers and private men thereof dismissed to return to their several places of abode; the officers, non-commissioned officers, drummers and private men, shall be subject to the fame orders, directions and engagements only, as (hey were subject to, under the provisions of this act, before they were so drawn out into actual service.

Cl. And be it further enacted, That in all cities and »miw«ni!ie’ towns, which are counties within themselves, it shall he law-t'\-'vvl'ii'.i'ii fnl for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or go-vcrnprs of (his kingdom, Tor the time being, to direct by

loid litfule- , e

mntituy"f* proclamation, as he ot they shall think fit, that a fepavate ni'niUa,«a C militia shall be arrayed and trained, within their l'evera! pre-"irB,iitm-.- cinds and liberties, or that such cities and towns, and their roff'of iiit 'Prcc'n<^s a"d liberties shall be united with.and made part of act uiiiy; the counties to which they are severally annexed by this act,

739

D.

Toe tlii ty-ihird Year of George III.

act, for the pnrposes of railing the militia only* and that A-the chief magiltrale of every such city and (out., for the *79j^ ti;r.c being, stall be governor thereof, and of the prccindls and liberties thereof respectively for the purposes of this Act; J'"1'1 "'p'1’ and in case where a separate militia stall be arrayed and train- iv-

' , nivni ol

cd for any such city or town, and its precincts or liberties, it,:, s that his Majesty, his heirs and successors, shall appoint a commanding officer of militia for the fame respectively and

° i nuy

that every such chief magistrate, and every such command- a

_, ._it t it»if uition;

ing officer respeeuvely, stall have all the powers and au- r.fdi rmf thorilics hereby given respectively to governors of counties, or lieutenant-colonels-commandant, or commanding: officers

o T jicer 10 Iij»c

of the militia of any county for the purposes of this act; »!l

t t l\c as je<*vcr~

and that in case any such city or town, and its precincts and .\e. liberties, stall be so directed to be made part of any county, then the number of the captains, lieutenants and cnsigns,l>,rl ',l "

& c Kt.va*

to be appointed for the fame, stall be proportionable to the <»’

number of militia-mcn, which such city or town stall rails n,m, ain.

as their quota, towards the militia of the county to which ",

such city or town stall be united, for the purposes afore- ,aS"K‘;

said; and all powers and provisions made by this act, with ,|

respect to counties at large, and the militia thereof, and tlio ""d >"*ii-

regificring herein directed of the qualification of the deputy- .:ct, w u.- is

governors and officers shall take place, and be in force with respect to the said cities and towns, and the militia thereof, ,il.lu'."f 7 {mention* to

and the regificring t>f the said qualifications, the respective value whereof as to the cities of Dublin and Cork, shall he .-.ml Cork; as follows; that is to" say, every deputy-governor stall he /jLi. seized or possessed either in law or equity, for his own use ^'‘"[’,'"1 and benefit in pofiession of a real or fret hold cflale, or for i‘"> i"1 t^i..,t t the life of his wife, /lie having a real or freehold citato for her life, or for some greater term., or ft;! ! o pofictTed of a term of years, whereof twenty years find! be unexpi-iv!, of the yearly value of one bundled and liity pounds in this kingdom, or stall be possessedofa personnl estate alone, or seized and poffciud of real and persona! estate togetiicr, of the value of three thou far,;! rounds; and cverv lieutenant-eoto- li.-ii'rmM-r.d-commandart, or commanding officer of the militia of the said cities of Dublin and Cork respectively, stall he seize possessed in like manner, of a like estate of the yearly value

1 , «.t V,..ZL'S:

of one thou fund pounds, or stall l*c poficiTcd of a prrfona!>«»' itr-

Oil. fs

diDi.m: cun. 1*

:.\’tr

'erf i

ciiate alone,

or

r C'X CXcl of real and

pci

cLj:c

740 A.D.

J7'J3-1-lup. 2 2

:i-1 tnri'U rolmu I 'r; V.

s* Vf»r, (»i‘

5c-.-o! icstl ap'.l

nvijor ijol. a y*M. Mr 3'ool i-a! ami jki.'-mi iI}

raptVn jcol. a y«*«r or J ?ool n-al ami periVn.tl;

llfltcnnitt 2jl a year.

<»? 750I tea} and personal;

enlign lol a year, or -{CO1, real anj pei-ioiiul j

deputy governor, &c.

&c, in L mc-lick, Viatcr-

ftml, ami Droplieda to licpoffiflcdof half the qualifications for cities of Dublin and Cotk.

Covcrnn", &c. to transmit accounts ns herein, on or hefoit iy Dec. in every year, to c!e*k

The thirty-third Year of George III.

eflntc together, of the value of ten thousand pounds; and every lieutenant-colonel of the militia of the said cities, ftiail in like manner he seized or poftefird of a like estate, of the yearly value of six hundred pounds, or shall be possessed of a personal estate alone, or seized and possessed of real and personal estate together, of the value of five thousand pounds; and every major thereof, shall in like manner be seized or possessed of a like estate, of the yearly value of one hundred and fifty pounds, or shall be possessed of a personal estate, or seized and possessed of real freehold and personal estate together, of the value of three thousand pounds; and every captain thereof, shall in like manner be seized or paffcfled of a like estate of the yearly value of one hundred pounds, or shall be possessed of a personal estate, or seized and possessed of real freehold and personal estate together, of the value of one thousand five hundred pounds; and every lieutenant thereof, shall in like manner be seized or possessed of a like estate, of the yearly value of twenty-five pounds, or shall be possessed of a personal estate, or seized and possessed of real freehold and personal estate together, of the value of i'even hundred and fifty pounds; and every ensign thereof, shall in like manner, be seized or possessed of a like estate, of the yearly value of ten pounds, or shall be possessed of a personal estate, or seized and possessed of real freehold and personal estate together, of the value of four hundred pounds; and as to the cities of Limerick, Waterford, and the county of the town of Drogheda, every deputy-governor thereof respectively, and every officer of the militia thereof respectively, shall in like manner be seized and possessed of a like qualification to half of the amount and value herein before directed, respefiing the dc.puty-governors and officers of the militia respectively, of the said cities of Dublin and Cork.

CII. And whereas it may happen through neglect or otherwise, that in some counties the militia may not be raised according to the directions of this act, and it is just and reasonable that all his Majesty's subjects should contribute equally towards the expence of railing and supporting a militia, for the -defence of the kingdom; be it therefore further enacted, That the governor or governors, or the majority of them, where there are more than one, or any three deputy-gover-

nors o

f every county, where the militia shall be raised, according

Tlx thirty-third Year of George III.

cording to the directions of this act, shall on or before die twenty-fifth day of December in every year, trandy,it a certificate to the clerk of the peace, containing an account of the names, numbers, and rank of the officers, and the number of private men of the militia in that year, and the time during which such militia hath I teen trained and exercised, and every stich clerk of the peace final! deliver such certificate to the justices of the peace, at the general quarter-sessions, to be held next after the twenty-fifth day of December in every year, or the day on which such session shall be. opened, and the same shall be filed amongst the records of such session; but where no such certificate shall be received by the clerk of the peace as aforesaid, he shall certify the fame under his hand and seal to the juRices so a/Tembled; and such certificate of the said clerk of the peace, shall be filed by him amongst the records of such session.

CIII. And be it further enacted, That if it shall happen in any case that the number of militia-mcn appointed, or to' be appointed by virtue of this act, to be raised in any county, or county of a city, or county of a town, shall not be raised in such county, then, and in every such case, the county, or county of a city, or county of a town, in which fubh number of militia-men shall not be raised, shall be charged with the payment of the'yearly sum of five pounds, for and in lieu of every private militia-man, by this act directed to be raised within the same county.! and upon proof on oath being first laid by any one or more governor or deputy-governors of such deficiency, before the judges of assize, or in the county or city of Dublin, before the court of Icing’s bench, it shall be lawful for such judge of affiEC, and such court, and they are hereby respectively required to fine the county, county of a town, or county of a city, or such districts, baronies, or parishes thereof, in which such neglect ffiaii happen, in a sum after the rate of five pounds for every private man so deficient, and to repeat the said fine annually, so long as the said deficiency shall continue.; which fine or fines shall be estreated into his Majesty's exchequer, and issued in process, and shall be duly levied by the /hcrifls or other officers respectively, to whom such process shall be directed; and it shall not be lawful for the barons of the exchequer or commissioners of reducement, oa any account to take off, rc-lease, or reduce such fine or fines, or any parts thereof.

Vol. XVI.9B CIV. Pro-

ficil anirnj;ft records; if no tt.ilift; cate icaival by clerk of peace, he shall certify fame in jolliers, au.l isle atti-fi :ate.

5l. i year t i be for «*ry mao of n 1 nbc ap-pi> nted hot raised

upon proof ai hcrdti, joJjre of assize or cuutc of Ki Bench ftjiiy fine co'iuiy, city, &c jl- per

man, aatui-ally 5

fine* to be ciheitt-ii, 2ltd

levied, aii'l

not to be ie-duetd.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

742

A.D.

CIV. Provided always, That no person redding, or having 1793- an estate within any such county, county of a city, or eoun-ty of a town, or any part thereof, that shall, be so fined, who Niuifflte'uf (jjail te fervinz as an officer in any body of militia raised

lvtifuiH to p-»y .... J J

prtofrti.n within this kingdom, shall be liable to pay any part or share

l.,aPrt j cer. of such fine or fines, or the rate or assessment to be made fiumy ura- thereof as aforesaid, provided such person shall have deli-","l a vered a cctiPcate of such service to the treasurer, for the

lilt of im

lanii ami tc- county or place wherein he shall claim such exemption, and also a roll or lift of his hinds, and of his tenants, and the places of their abode; which certificate and roll, or.lift, shall be signed by such person; and every such treasurer shall forthwith file such. certificate, roll, and lift among the records of the county; and whenever the said rate or assessment shall be ordered to be raised within such county or place, such treasurer shall certify to the high or chief constable of every barony or place, where such fine or fines, or any part thereof such of shall be assessed, the names of all persons whose certifi-petfoos ami cates shall have been so filed, and who shall have claimed

treaftmr to

4ilc eejti-. iicates, &c.

iheir tni -ntF ceittlM'd 10 chief conlla-

ceitiii-<l i such exemption as aforesaid, and the names of their tenants

blc, ami to petty conlta-bU-s; tl at fame may not :he afTclItid.

so inserted in such roll or lift; and such high or chief constables are hereby required to transmit such certificate and roll, or lift, to the petty constable of every barony or place, wherein the lands, tenements, or hereditaments of such person claiming to be exempted, arc situate, in order that the fame may not be assessed or charged with such rate or af-, feflment.

I Fines piid

CV. And be it further enacted, That all such fines when into ExcIk- ]evjf(]5 fyla]| |.e pa id into the exchequer, and shall be kept separate and apart from all other money, and shall be accounted for yearly to parliament, and disposed. of as parliament shall direct, and no fee or gratuity whatsoever shall be given or paid to any officer of the exchequer for or on account of receiving or issuing any such money.

CVI. And be it further enacted, That the lieutenant-colonel-commandant, or commanding officer of every regiment or battalion of militia, to be raised by virtue of this act, as officer to cer- fcon as every such regiment or battalion shall be fully com-I'/Vactjwhii p'ete^i and fit for service, shall certify the same to the clerk Jci v'to'11' Peace ^or every county or place, who shall, and he

chiefiVc. i# hereby required on receipt of every such certificate, forthwith to transmit a true copy thereof to the chief secretary

of

-qtier, and accounted lor

to. uml ilif* poffd of by j’aiiiamtni.:

co feed.

When re-. ciment or uattalit.u -complete.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being; and the clerk of the peace for every county or place shall, and he is also hereby required, within fourteen days next after the general quar-tcr-fefilon of the peace, to be held next after the twenty-fifth day of December yearly, to transmit to the chief fecre-tafy of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being, a copy signed by such clerk of the peace, of every certificate which lie shall have received from the governor or governors, or tiny deputy-governor or governors, or lieutenant-colonel-commandant, or commanding officer of the militia of such county or place as aforesaid; and where such certificate shall be omitted to be delivered, the clerk of the peace shall certify such omission to such chief secretary.

CVII. And be it further enacted, That if any clerk of the peace shall refuse, or wilfully neglect to receive, deliver, file, make record, or transmit any such certificate as afnrc-fairi, according to the directions and trne meaning of this act, every such clerk of the peace so offending, shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the firm of one hundred pounds, and shall also forfeit his office, and be rendered incapable of having, received, or holding any office of trust,- civil or military, under the crown, and if any collector of his Majesty's revenue, treasurer, chief or high constable, petty-constable, or other officer, who ought to act and affiit in the railing and collecting of the said money, shall wilfully omit or neglect, or refuse to aid and assist them, according to the direction and true meaning of this act, every such collector so offending, shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds; and every such chief or high constable so offending, shall for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds*, and every such petty-con-fiable and other officer so offending, shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of thirty pounds.

CVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every 'officer of the militia, or private militia-man, having voice 'or vote at any election, for any member or members to serve in parliament, shall, if he or they shall require, have leave 'for a reasonable time, to be expressed in such leave, to go to such election, and no such officer or private, shall be liable to any penalty or punishment, for or on account of his

9B 2 absence.

N743

clciks of pefce to t Mill nit

ycnrlvjwlth’ft »4 cliiye a*rr quaitei f fli.

on>, held alt. r 2? LVo. copies of c rtili* cales itc i.cl from jrovvr* , Vc. chief frc.

where ct’t-fi* cjununmuJt ch.tk of peace to uikify such.

Clerk of peace rie i'k'ClinjMor’n ;k jlnivfinl,

tool- ami hii oflicct ati>l be

iiic'tptthl* t holding any uliice, \c.

collector for neglect ol duty t<» forfeit jroot.

chief cor.Ua-

tle 50).

petty conlla-hle 3d.

MiiiVn nen, who nave vote-, Ili-ill have leave s t.go to ckulvir

Nofeijant,

corpoi *1, drummer, or private, ghly:-td to fci vc at

psiifh or jwact off.cer, or in tea fuitcs.

Every mar* ritd toan who has served in the Militia, may let up any trade in any town, &c«

piiiffi, fie. yxcept for deficiencies id counties, which exceed 20l. to be ic-covered by action. Sic,

fines not exceeding 20). upon pi oof before a juf-lier. levied by idiftteTs, fic.

if dill refs not sufficient, committed lor 3 month*;

tines, Sic. if 1*01 otherwise applied hereby, to be paid to elctk us pan of .(lock.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

absence, during the time he shall be going to vote at any cledion of a member to serve in parliament, or during the time he shall he returning from said election.

CIX. And be it further enacted, That no serjeant, corporal, or dlumtner of the militia, nor any private man frolu the time of his inrcllment, unlit he shall be regularly discharged from the militia, shall be compelled to serve as a peace officer, or parish officer, or to serve in any of his Majesty's sea forces.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That every person having served in the militia, when drawn out into actual service, being a married man, may set up and exercise any trade in any town or place within this kingdom, without any let, suit, or molestation, of, or from any person or persons whomsoever, for or by reason of exercising, or uting any trade, as freely, and with the fame provision, and under the fame regulations as any inhabitants of such place might or could do.

CXI. And be it further enacted, That all fines, except fines imposed on any counties for any deficiency in raising men to serve in the militia, penalties and forfeitures by this act imposed, which shall exceed the sum of twenty pounds, shall be recovered by action of debt, plaint, or information in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Dublin, wherein no essoign, privilege, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed, and that all fines, penalties, and forfeitures by this act imposed, which shall not exceed the Aim of twenty pounds, shall, upon proof upon oath of the offence, before any justice of the peaqe of the county where the offence shall be committed, be levied by distress and sale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand an,d seal of such justice, rendering the overplus (if any) on demand, after deduding the charge of such distress and falc, to the person whose goods and chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, and for want of such distress, such justice is hereby required, in all cases where no particular time of commitment is herein before di-reded, to commit such offender to the common gaol of the county where the offence shall have been committed, for any time not exceeding three months; and the money arising by all such fines, penalties and forfeitures, the application whereof is not otherwise directed by this act, shall be paid 6 to

The thirty-third Year of George III.

to the clerks, or where there are no clerks, to the commanding officers of the respective regiments or battalions of militia of the respective' counties where such offences shall have been respectively committed, and shall be made part of the capital Sock of such regiments or battalions of militia respectively.

CXII. And be it further enacted, That no order or conviction, made by any governor or governors of any county, or by any deputy-governor or governors, or by any just ice or justices of the peace by virtue of this act, shall be removed by certiorari or' other writ or process, out of the county, city, or place wherein such order or conviction was made, into any of his Majesty's superior courts of record in Dublin, and that no writ of certiorari, or other writ shall supersede ("edition, or other proceedings upon any such order or coa-viction, so made in pursuance of this act, but that execution shall be made thereupon, any such writ or writs, or allowance thereof notwithstanding.

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any aftioa shall he brought against any person or persons, for any thing done in pursuance of this act, such action or snit shall be (on-.mcnced within six months next after the fast committed, ?.nd not afterwards; and shall be laid in the county or place where the cause of complaint did arise, and not elfctvhcrc, and the defendant or defendants in every such action or suit, -may plead the general issue, and give this act and the fpc-cial matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and in any action or suit, if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be non-suited, or discontinue his or their action or suit, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if upon demurrer, judgment shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall have treble costs, and have the like remedy for the fame, as any defendant hath in other cases to recover cods by law.

CXIV. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for the lieutenant-colonel-commandant, or commanding officer of an.v regiment or battalion of militia, to be appointed pursuanl to this act, to resign his commission of lieutenant-colonel-comir.andarst, or commanding officer of any such regiment or battalion, to the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being, and thereupon it shall be lawful for such lord lieutenant or other

Vol. XVI.9C

‘ T)

A.D.

1'Do-

Chap. ? 2.

O ileit made by i;n-\OMS KS, «!«-(HUm-t. o- j-sf. t ct’Sini i.t in*

removed |*y miter.:/:.

5tc. ti.i nutter* done under this act In be I'jin-nunci'd within 6 motiili#, and laid in county v*hctc cause att.fc,

general iiTur,

:f plaintiff non fit ted.

XC ttdile coil- :r ds le.-.MSt.

«. r n ay ir:V« ("< Co’il t illicit! :o .| i.;i:it u!>.»

fi..dl <{»!» *lf-

2"ife thirty-third Ytdr if Ge6Tg6 III.

Aft. chief gdtfetitOr or Oflief governors, td appoint fitoh other fit and qualified person of persons as he or they shall think proper, to be lieiitfcnant-coloflcl-comtnandailt, or lieutenant-co-loheis-corninatidant, commanding officer, or commanding officers, iii the lieu and place of such lieutenant-colonel-commandant, or iieutcnant-coloncls-commandant, commanding officer, or cOrittiiariding officers so resigning as aforesaid. nil C&V. And be it {briber cn<t£led and declared, That all

militia acts forth er d&s Of parliament relating to the militia of this l:«i«--

i cpraltd: . ‘ ° o

doth, shall froiH th'c paifin-g of this act, be, and they are a public!-, aft. hereby repealed; and that this act shall be a public act, and so 'deemed and taken in all courts of record ia this kingdom.

CHAP. XXIII.

An Act for ike Encouragement of Seaitien end Marine' employed in the Royal Navy, by rendering it more easy to Petty Officers end Seamen, Non-com miffitmed Officers of Marines, wii Marines, to remit their JVh'ges to -this Kingdom, and by providing for the Payment in this Kingdom, of Wages due to decetfed Officers, Seamen and Marines, as aforesaid.

Recital ling.

WHEREAS by an act passed by the Parliament of Great in vt Britain, in the thirty-second year of the reign of his Majesty King George the third, entitled, An Act for extending Certain acts therein mentioned, to petty officers and fearnen, ’n'on-commissioned officers of marines, ’.and marines, serving, or who may have ferjed on loard any of his Majesty s flips, and re-ffiding in Ireland, provision was thereby made for efta'blifting a regular method so'r the pundual, frequent, and certain payment of the wages cif petty officers and seamen, non-‘commissioned officers of -marines, and -marines serving, or -who may have served on board any :of his Majesty's ffiips of Hvar, and for enabling them more readily and eafil.y to remit khc fame to this kingdom, for the support of their wives rind families, and for establishinig it more regular and convenient method for the out-perifioriers of "Greenwich hospital to receive their pensions, -we being sensible of the salutary provisions in the aforesaid a‘fl contained, and being desirous ho contribute their aid for the itiore effectually carrying into execution the beneficent purposes thereof, mid to‘encourage A teamen

27« The thirty-third Year of George III.

teamen and marines of this kingdom, employed in the royal navy; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That whenever and so often as the commissioners of the navy in Great Britain, shall make out, or cause to be made out two certificates, which shall be duplicates, and joined together with oblique lines, fiouriflies or devices, and which flrall specify gnd describe the name and place of abode, of the wife, father or mother, grand-father, grand-mother, brother or lifter, of any inferior officer or Teaman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine serving in any ship or vessel belonging to his Majesty, which flmll not be in any port in Great Britain, or on the coast thereof, and flrall certify that such wife, father, or mother, grand-father, or grand-mother, brother or After respectively, is entitled to receive so much of the wages or pay of such inferior officer or fearnan, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, as (ha'll be therein also specified, and addressed to t'he commissioners of the revenue in this kingdom, and being numbered and dated, and signed by any three or more commissioners of the navy, and written or printed according to the form following, or to the like effedL

74-7

A.D. 1793.

Chap. 23.

\fiut: cor.t-miYfifmu!. of navy in liicat 1,’ti-cauL* two duplicate certificates to lie made i:ut, defr ibing

I'.ar.io am) p'acfS t:f abode, of wm’S. &c. oi seamen,

Or in-uine*; nut (*n the coast of

GicaiUruaiti,

and certify i« commissio.ii-cisof Hvcr.cc in Ireland, tint the wife, ftc. is vntitUd to receive p.iy.

and %nrd

ami ..formed as.fol)otv>:

No. Navy-ojfice, the day of Fntm of ccr-

lificate.

We certify that B D. of in the county of

-.life, father, mo-\ iher, grandfather, I f grandmother, bro- y tlier or fifier., J

inferior officer or seaman, non-commissioned officer of marines, ot

marine.,

£. s. ,d.

belonging to his Majesty's flip

is entitled to the sum of

fieriing, being -o/t account of ike wages of the said E. D. -who has desired that the fame may be paid by the

if the fame fall not he demanded in nine calcnda

months, this certificate to ‘be returned -to the treasurer of the navy, 'London.

To

9C 2

748 The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

x1793. To the commissioners of the revenue in Ireland.

(O- Po

Signed -I R- j- commissioners of the navy,

is. r.J

by virtue if the all of George the third.

N.B. in cer- N.B. The personating or falsely assuming the name and cha-

ffiotc. rafler oj the mye gr relation-of B,j inferior officer, seaman,

non-cmmissioned o fficer of marines, or marine, or pi ocuring any other to do the fame, in order to receive wages due to such officer, seaman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, is made felony without benefit of clergy, by an all passe-d in Ireland, thirty George the third.

Officer to examine duplicate, ami examine upon oath the pel fun prc« fenting it, iT fatfsiicd, to tcllify on back, and pay it, with* out fee, if not aide immediately, within one na'iiith;

officer delay* ing unnerrffarily, taking any fee. Sec. forfeit 50l.

certificates being made

out, Sec. and

ft it to pci fun nominated, and to commissioneu of icV( niic, commissioncisto

f«nd ccitifi-<c:ii«s to col-Hkllois i

The officer to whom I’-.c within bill is addressed, is directed by an act passed in Ireland, thirty-third George the third, to examine the duplicate thereof when presented, and enquire into the truth by the oath of the person presenting the fame-, and being satisfied lie is to testify to that purpose upon the back of the bill, and pay the amount without fee or reward; but if lie ffinll not be able to pay the amount, from not having publick money sufficient in his hands, lie shall note tile cause of his refusing payment, and shall appoint another day within one month at furthefi from that time, and shall deliver back the bill so noted to the person presenting it; and if upon complaint to the commissioners it shall appear, that the officer to whom this is addressed, has nnncceffarily delayed payment, taken any fee, or made any deduction whaifeever, he shall be fined a sum not exceeding fifty pounds; which certificates having been so made out and signed, and cut asunder, indentwise through the oblique lines, flourishes or devices, and one of such certificates having been transmitted to the person nominated and specified therein, as the wife, father or mother, grar.d-father or grand-mother, brother, or flficr, of such inferior officer or seaman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, and the other of such certificates to the commim-oners of his Majesty's revenue in this kingdom-, then and so often the said commissionch of the revenue shall cause the certificate so transmitted to them,' to be forthwith sent to ithe.collector/speoified in the body thereof, or to to the co!-

IcQor

Tie thirty-third Year of George III.

k'Qof of the district in which the person named in such certificate resides j and upon the duplicate of such certificate being produced and delivered to i'uch collector, by the person named in such certificate as the" person entitled to receive the money therein mentioned, within nine months from the date thereof, together with a certificate under the bands of the minister and church-wardens of the parish wherein such person was married or rcfidcs, that he or flic to the bell of their knowledge and belief, is the wife, father, or mother, grand-father, or grand-mother, brother, or filler, of the said inferior officer, or foamsn, non-commi(Honed officer of marines, or marine; and thereupon such collector shall examine such duplicate, together with the certificate to be produced as aforesaid, and enquire into the truth thereof, by the oath of the person producing the fame, which oath such collector is hereby empowered and directed to administer, and upon being duly satisfied of the truth thereof, shall immediately, without fee or reward, upon any pretence whatsoever, pay to the person specified in the certificate the turn mentioned therein, in English currency, taking his or her receipt on the back thereof, for the fame; but in case the duplicate of such remittance certificate shall not be produced and delivered, and the payment of the money mentioned therein, demanded within nine calendar months from the date thereof, or if a proper certificate of the person claiming to be the wife, father or mother, grand-father, or grand-mother, brother or filter, of such officer or fcaman, be not liketvife produced, then such collcdor shall transmit such remittance certificate to the said commissioners of the revenue, who shall cause the same to be returned to the treasurer of the navy, at the pay-office of the navy, London.

II. And for the better enabling inferior officers and seamen, and non-commissioned officers of marines, and marines, who shall be paid at the pay-office of the navy, or any out-port in Great Britain, to remit any part of their wages or pay, or other allowance to any person in this kingdom; whenever and so often as any commissioner or commissioners of the navy in Great Britain, shall make out, or cause to be made out, two certificates, being duplicates, and joined together with oblique lines or flourishes, numbered and dated, and signed, if made out at the pay-office of the navy in Von. XVI. d D London,

749

A.D. 1793. Chap. 2],

o:t piotlikitijj

»:e

within9tno ,:h\ ami

i-e-iiiEv.v tr.mi tcr ami church* tvatiklJS,

co'lect r tu cvmish?, a* il i.unrre, un--ninth,

which hr may

Atl nmillcf, if fjivfii'd, l'» pay with-nu fee, in Eii|i-

hfli cmtcii;yi

If not <!?-numb'd in9

m ifffhs, or ccailicHtc not produced, certificate re* turned to Gicat liti*

To enable

feamcil or in -rirics to rc mil wajjvb:

wlicti commimoiiv' of navy mGief.t !>riidin,md.e i,u Cfftiii-

as

hcititt,

75°

A.D. 1793. Chap. n 3.

fjL-n.-o by comp'iollisii; cominifnon-oners of navy, arid aitrll-cc! by fhfl clirk, -specifying, dffi-jibin", and cenify* ling as herein.

and in following loan.

form.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

London, by the commissioner of the navy comptroliing the payment when such certificate shall be so made out, or, if made out at any of the out ports, by the commissioner of the navy comptrolling such payment there, and attested at the foot thereof by the first clerk of the treasurer of the navy, at such pay-office or out-port, and specifying and describing the name and place of abode of such person or persons in whose favour they shall have been made out, and certifying that such person or persons is, or arc entitled to receive the whole amount, or so much of the wages, pay or other allowances of such inferior officer or fcaman, non-commission-cd officer of marines, or marine, as shall be therein also specified, and addressed to the commissioners of the revenue in this kingdom, and written or printed according to the form following, or to the like effefl.

No.

these are to'

day of

certify, that B. D. of is entitled to the sum of ferling, being. on account of the wages of E. D. belonging to his Majestys ship j

who has defied that the fame may be paid by the,

if the fame shall

mt be tlemanded in nine calendar months, this certificate to be returned to the treasurer of the navy London.

To the commissioners of the revenue of Ireland. Signed -j 0. P.} commissioner of the navy.

I.

Aiiefed jtf. J.

clerk of the treasurer of the navy.

By virtue of the all of George the third.

R B. In N.B. The personating or falsely affitming the name and cha-mhidie. rJtfer,of any person entitled to receive the wages of any inferior officer or fearn an, mn-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, or procuring any other to do the fame, in order to receive wages due to such officer or seaman, noti-commissiov.ed officer of marines, or marine, is made felony without benest of clergy, by an act paf in Ireland, George the third.

The

The ihirlj-third Year of George III.

The officer to whom the within bill is addressed, is directed by act passed in Ireland, thirty-third George the third, to examine the duplicate thereof when presented, and inquire into the truth by the oath of the person prefenling the fame, and j!j! being satisfied he is to testify to that purpose upon the back p1'"!'; "'"t of the bill, and pay the amount without fee or reward; cao»th,sc. hut if lie shall not be able to pay the amount, from not having public money sufficient in his hands, he shall note the cause of his refusing payment, and shall appoint another day within one month at furthest from that lime, and shall do-' liver back the bill so noted to the person prefenling it; and if upon complaint to the commissioners it shall appear, that the officer to whom this is addressed has unncceflarily delayed payment, taken any fee, or made any dcriuftion whatso-. ever, he shall be fined a sum not exceeding fifty pounds; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That as soon as the W, IC" cc,l's'

1 1_CJttf fa in'.il;

aforesaid certificate shall be so made out and filmed, and the »J Cs»-said commissioners of the navy having caused the same to be cut asunder, indentwise through the oblique lines, flounflics, or devices, and one duplicate of such certificate having been j transmitted to the person specified therein, and the other du- "JfjFjpJ. plicate of such certificate transmitted to the commissioners of llil-a"'1 ti,:

1 ' other lo com*

the revenue in this kingdom, then and so often the said m fommof commissioners shall cause the certificate so transmitted to them, to be forthwith sent to the collector specified in the "'^['"’*1. body thereof, or to the collector of the district in which the person named in such certificate resides; and upon the du- and d'ipi:-plicate of such certificate being produced and delivered to wm'ii'cc-such collector, by the person named in such certificate, as ’

being entitled to receive the money therein mentioned, with- fn-!lc!:aniirl'’

° J aim iiu|ii:tc

in nine calendar months from the date thereof, such co! left or shall examine such duplicate, and inquire into the truth thereof, by the oath of the person producing the fame, which oath such collector is hereby empowered and directed to administer; and being duly satisfied of the truth thereof, he ( friJud,'« shall immediately, without fee or reward, upon any pretence FcV;"' ' whatsoever, pay to the person specified in such certificate the sum mentioned therein, taking his or her receipt on the back of such certificate for the fame; and in case the dttpli-cate of such certificate shall not he produced and delivered, n, g«.ii Brian d the payment thereof demanded within nine calendar Ini'u r.it'dc-teenths from the date thereof, then fuel) collector shall 13 5 <i D c transmit

a

-j^2 The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

transmit such certificate to the said commissioners of the rc-

1793- venue, who shall cause the same to be returned to the treasurer of the navy, at the pay-office of the navy in London.

To enable

III. And to enable such seamen being resident in this

pcnfimie»s\i kingdom, to receive out-pensions granted to them by the ih:s Kingdom commissioners or governors of the royal-hospital for seamen,

to receive 0 J

oui pcnliuns: at Greenwich, in the most cafy and convenient manner, and for preventing frauds and abuses attending the fame, that \ilien trearu- whenever and so often as the treasurer of the said hospital ufnaknmt for tile time being, shall make out, or cause to be made nfuficafa, out’ two certificates for every such out-pension granted by

as herein, the said commissioners or governors to seamen residing in this kingdom, which shall be duplicates, and joined together with oblique lines, flourishes or devices, and numbered and (Tgnrdby dated, and signed by the said treasurer or his first clerk,

clerk, mul and atlcfted by the Reward or clerk of the check of the said

a«vmi,and hospital, and addressed to the commissioners of the revenue commMion- ’n kingdom, and written or printed according to the ers of revenue form following, or to the like cfleft.

in Ireland,

and in following form:

Form.

Royal-hospital, Greenwich day of

£ s' 1

I certify, that B. D. of

in the county of being an out-pensioner

of Greenwich hospital, is entitled to the sum of sterling, and that he has defred the same to be paid by the

To the commissioners of the revenue of Ireland.

treasurer of the royal hospital, or his first clerk.

Atte/l d \c D~i ftea>ar* or c!er!i of l^e c'iec*> of l^e rojr‘l1 J C S hospital at Greenwich.

By virtue of the all of George

the third.

0

IV. B. This

The thirty-third Year of George III.

753

A.D.

N.B. This certificate, if payment in confttjticnrc tkeieof be 1793. not demanded in nine calendar months from the date hereof, to 2V

he returned to the treasurer of Greenwich lufpita!. The per- n is lo

foliating or falselj afjuming the name and character of any out-pmfoner of Greenwich hospital, in order fraudulently to reccict the penjion due to such peifioner, is made felony without benefit if clergy, by an act passed in Ireland, thirty-third of George the third.

The officer to -whom the within bill is acidrcffect, is directed o?.«r tn«-

by act passed in Ireland, thirty-third George the third, to c.iif, &c ami

examine the duplicate thereof when presented, and inquire "X'iTw

into the truth by the oath of the person presenting the fame, '"k"

and being satisfied he is to -testify to that purpose upon the

back of the bill, and pay the amount without fee or reward;

but if he shall not be able to pay the amount, from not having publick money sufficient in his hands, he fliiill note

the cause of his refuiing payment, and shall appoint another

day, within one month at furthest from that time, and shall deliver back the bill so noted to the person presenting it;

and if upon complaint to the commissioners, it shall appear,

that the officer to whom this is add re tied, has unneccffariiy

delayed payment, taken any fee, or made any deduction

whatsoever, he shall be fined a Turn not exceeding fifty pounds.5 be it enacted, That such certificate having been so wiien act,.

made out, signed and.attested as aforesaid, and cut asunder ocd"."'

indentwise through the oblique lines, flourishes or devices -,

and one of such certificates having been transmitted to the and transmit.

person named therein, and the other of such certificates having been transmitted to the commissioners of his Majesty’s

revenue in this kingdom, then and so often the said com- nrM-

missioners of his Majesty's revenue shall cause the certificate

so transmitted to them to be forthwith sent to the collector

specified in the body thereof, or to the collector of the district in which the person named in such certificate resides-,

r on prO.MC.iH;

and upon the duplicate of such certificate being produced c«ui:stcu>

11 cnilc'lor

and delivered to such collector, by the person entitled to re- wi-.i,in9ceive ;the -money therein mentioned, within nine calendar months from the date thereof, such collector thall examine

q tiring on such duplicate, and inquire into the truth thereof, by the oath «*'>> s,c. r <of the person producing-the fame, which oath such cclledlor p.ty i't-m.tli-

8trlv,wi;U*

Ton. XVI.

9 E

13

out let;

rge

TIT.

if not dtf-ni.mded wiih-in9months, mlrikiUcs ictmiud to tteufnrcr of bofphal.

V?hcn any

seaman or mau'ne turned OVCT t« another ship, or discharged as iiuservice-able, or sent sick to any hospiiat or (uaiters,

and that) have received a ticket for wages due, cotiliRimf of 2 part?, tl’i-pticates, &c. rfpei-ifying name, age, A. c.

and of following form;

The thirty-third Year of Gee

is hereby empowered and directed to administer, and hein~ duly satisfied of the truth thereof, lie feill immediately, without foe or reward, on any pretence whatsoever, pay to the person specified in such certificate the sum mentioned therein, taking his receipt on the back thereof for the fame; and in case the duplicate of such certificate shall not be produced and delivered, and the payment of the money therein mentioned, be not demanded within nine calendar months from the date thereof, then such collector shall transmit such certificate to the said commissioners of the revenue, who shall cause the same to be returned to the treasurer of the said hospital, at Greenwich.

IV. And when and so often as any petty officer or seaman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, belonging to any ffiip or vessel in the service of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, shall have been turned over into any other ship or vessel in such service, or shall have been discharged as unserviceable, or shall have been sent lick from such ship or vessel, into any of his Majesty's hospitals, or sick quarters, at home or abroad, and when and so often as such petty officer or seaman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, shall have received from the captain or commanding officer of such ship or vessel, a ticket or tickets for the wages or pay due to him for his services on board such ship or vessel, at the time of his being so turned over, discharged, -or sent sick, and which ticket shall consist of two parts, which shall be duplicates, and joined together by oblique lines, flourishes and devices, and each of which shall specify the name and age, stature and complexion of such petty officer or seaman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, and the date of his entry into such ship or vessel, and the date of his being so turned over, discharged as un-serviceable, or sent sick from the same, and which j shall be of the form following, or to the like effect:

Sick

' The thirty-third Year of George III.

rSick ticket 55

j Unserviceable ticket. nr fr.Kable uc

1 foreign lem. vcJ lie! ct [net 35

| or tr..ns ferable.J scannn, pv

No. on the S«l ,. feci inches 35

Ships book. h?gh, ct a c«'»opH won, 5c'

ntered cn b card h:> 5 s

( )

No. cn tin Entry book.

( )

Act of Parliament xz V..y c. 33.

on the c\.y.‘

17 , fetid ftrved Liittl this

iiiyof 17 iiwhe quality cf , atwr.Uiuiinc

ie was 10

Abatements to be made for marine r.cccifaricr.

d.

Tencreals,

Neglect,

Jloihcs in Tick quarters,

Navy flop clothes.

Dead mcn’sclothcs Beds,

Tobacco,

Wages remitted from abroad.

Two months advance;

Amounting to pounds

/hillings and pence.

Given under oar hands

Captain. Mailer.

Perfer. Boatswain.

JV

35

35

55

35

35

55

35

S2

55

55

55

55

55

55

55

55

55

55

55

55

5s

55

55

55

J

S\k ticket

Lt:t\rvic?jl»ie ticket, cr

| i o.njiiwnnoYcd tick; t, [not falet-ble

I or imsftrable.] Chap. 2 3.

f j fi-aman,

No. cn the aged years f*ct iuehes of

righ of a c.'.m-hx*K»n,

ntfied on hcaidhl- Majesty's on the env of 7 , and fvmder.til toil uf 17, in the qua*

in cf , a; which ttir.e

u* was w

Slurs tool- '

C )

No. on t!;. ILntiy Wk

( ) Aa of r jr-

iiament 32 G.3.c,

\batcrnents to be made for marine neceslaiivs.

C s. d.

cnrreaW,

NvgUa,

Jloiltcs in fiel: quar-

im,

Navy flop clothes,

Dead men’s clothes,

Beds,

Tobacco,

Wages remitted from abroad,

Two months advance

r

Amounting to pounds

ihiltings and pence.

Given under our hands

Captair. Mailer.

Purler. Boatswain.

If the person jn-whose favour thi< ticket is If the parly who shall be discharged unfer-.made out, shall be sent Tick to any hospita! or viceabic, be turned over to any other ship in sick quarters, at home or abroad, and shall sf- the service of his Majesty, or be sent sick, and terwards return to his ship, he lhr.ll leave this do not return to his ship, tbs captain or com* ticket with the agent of such hospital, or ftr.k manding officer is to fend this duplicate to the quarters: lfhefltall.be sent from such hospital, cotr.missioneis of the navy, London, by the f:rfl orfick quarters, to serve 'in any other ship, he safe opportunity thereafter, or any captain or shall carry this ticket with him, which shall not commanding officer, who shall have this dupli-'he payable until the ship on board of which he cate in his possession, upon his arrival tnEr.g-goes shall come in course of payment, 01 until he land, is immediately to forward it to the com-shall be discharged therefrom.: If he ftui! be missioners of the navy, London, removed from one ship to another abroad, he shall deliver it when he arrives in_EngIand, to the commissioners of the navy, in London, or to the commissioner of the navy ieliding at Pottfmouth, Plymouth,.or Chatham, who shall cause payment to be made as loon as may be, at which ever of those places it Hull be delivered: if he shall be-in any way discharged unfemeu-able, he may receive payment nuhefaracmnn-ner of any of these places; or if being so discharged unserviceable, he shall be, or ariive at any other port or place in Great Britain, or Ireland, and shall be deflrous to receive payment at such place, of this or any other ticket which he may have, he shall apply to the nearest collector of the customs, or excite, and shall deliver to him such tickets, together with a certificate of his having receivers no wages for his services dating his passage, ifhcihall havecoms home in a packet or merchantman; and the Paid collector of the customs, or which ever of the above revenue officers he shall apply to,

shall trsnsmit the same to the commissioners (if

the navy in London, who will forward a'bill fi;r the amount of the wages, to -be immediately . paid to the person entitled to them; and the said revenue officer Avail altc transmit such per-

Ton’s add refs, who mull be identified to him by

j the mailer of the said packet, or merchantman, or by some other person of good-repute.

N.B. The personating, or falsely assuming the name and character of any petty officer, seaman, or marine, or procuring any other to do th-.-fame, in order to receive ary pay, or wages due, orsupposed 10 bs due, is made felony without banefie of clergy, by act 33 Geo. 3. And if ihe person in whose favour thru ticket i> ni.ulc out, shall d;c before he receives payment, it is to be returned, together with any other tickets he may have in his possession, to the commissioners of the n.-;vy, London.

9

75 6

the thirty-third Year of George II'I.

A.D.

Be it enacted, That as soon as any such pc!ty officer, oc '/Dl- seaman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, who 'Chnp^23. yjlajj ],avc in any way discharged, unserviceable as afore-

if'nlSm7 bc’ or arr‘ve ’n tb’s kingdom, and shall apply

icam.Mi. o,- and present to any collector of his Majesty's revenue in this ciuiM.i a, kingdom, that part of any ticket or tickets, which shall have ft/l’p’rlfm ’ been delivered to him in manner aforesaid, together with an ' & ticker certificate or discharge, on the back thereof, in case

and an hospi- he shall have been sent tick to any hospital, or sick quar-tlimwi, if ' ters; and a certificate from the commander of any packet, or amiacertifi- trading ship or vessel, if he shall have To arrived in any port commander 'n this kingdom, tefiifying that he has riot received any of a packet, wages, pay, or other consideration, for any service perform-

or trader, aa

herein, ed by him while on board the lame, together with another . ceit'ffe of certificate from the master, or commander of the vessel in iicrcin^ " whic)f he shall have so arrived, or by some' reputable inhabitant of the place where such collector resides, and who shall be known to him, setting forth that he knows such petty officer or seaman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, and believes him to be the party entitled‘to hold collectorap- the tickets and certificates-which he shall so. deliver; and -demand'ad- every such collector of the revenue, to whom any such petty dici1. ami office,-, or Thaman, -non-commissioned officer of marines, or

iflkC (ICiCCti

Sc- marine, shall so apply, -is hereby directed and required to -demand and takchis address, and to receive such tickets and

iff.idriir.!.to certificates; and such collector being satisfied with regard to fttkaf the identity -of such petty-officer, or seaman, non-commis-mit Hirm' fioned officer of marines, or marine, shall grant an acknow-c"'®1"'1" ledgment or receipt to liim for such tickets and certificates as

of re-tftiiue in - 1

Iiebml,tube he shall so deliver; and shall immediately transmit the fame, to commissi- together with the certificate, and the party’s address, taken Londonr'y’ by him as before directed, to the commissioners of the revenue in this kingdom, who shall transmit the fame-to the commissioners of his Majesty’s-navy, at their board -in Lon- if -tlicymafce don; andrif such commissioners of the -navy shall make, or urcl totiii- canfe to be made out a remittance certificate "for the net ba-rinco^as1" lance due upon such tickets and such certificates, or upon: herein, the ships books, if the ship or ships shall have been paid for the same, and shall assign and attest the fame in manner and iem:tttic herein before mentioned, in cases of foreign remittances, and ptrCoiLiiauied, shall transmit one of the duplicates of the said remittance ;*,mCrT,f -certificates to the persons named and specified therein, as the rttcl,u'i jerson

lie tlhtyii.ircl Tar of George III.

person entitled to receive the money thereby made payable, and the other duplicate to the commissioners of the revenue in this kingdom; then the find coir.missioners of the revenue of this kingdom ilia! forthwith, and they are hereby directed and required to transmit fitch remittance certificate to the colleder of the revenue, by whom, or from whose office t!;e lick, tmfert’iccabk', or foreign remove-ticket, and other certificates above-mentioned, were font to the said commissioners of the revenue; and as soon as the duplicate of any such remittance certificate shall be presented, and delivered to such collector of ltis Majesty's revenue in this kingdom, together with the acknowledgment or receipt granted by such collector, for the tickets and certificates as aforesaid, such colleder is hereby required and enjoined to examine fucll duplicate, with the other part thereof, transmitted to him by the commissioners of the revenue, and to inquire into the truth thereof, by the oath of the person producing the fame, which oath such collector is hereby directed and impowered to administer; and upon being duly satisfied of the truth thereof, to testify the fame on the back of such remittance certificate; and shall immediately pay to the person to whom such remittance certificate shall be made payable, and who shall be entitled to receive the lame, without fee or reward, on any pretence whatsoever, the film contained in such remittance certificate, taking his receipt for the fame, on the back thereof; bnt in case the duplicate of such remittance certificate shall not be produced and delivered, and the payment thereof demanded within nine calendar months from the date thereof, then such collector shall transmit such remittance certificate to the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue in this kingdom, who shall cause the same to be returned to the treasurer of the navy, at the pay-office of the navy, London.

V. And whereas another act passed . (he parliament of Great Britain, in the thirty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An act for explaining and amending ail uff, faffed in tke twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesh, entitled, An act for the further preventing frauds and fifes attending the pay mail of wages and prize money, end other allowances due for the fervid of petty officers or seamen, on bon J any of his Majesty's flips., and for farther extending the belief's thereof to petty officers endfwr.cn, ncn-commissioned officers cf ma-, Von. XVI. ‘ o F ‘ rhies.

c.t:c and ac-

kinm'la'v' mein? jiiven um>!U‘Cn>r,

lie shall cxj-

oj'.ii, Sta-

rt fitWVII, la U'flify nj'mi l/Kk»an‘l |).if iat tiajiarcly* wklwm fee;

if not <lc-niiii'led in9re-

Itlllle.J to t!»C trfrtfwrer of the navy, London,

Rco'r.i' c.f E,.

lib

Gc«* II).

75§

A.D.

i/Q

iperson rcfi* dent in this kingdom claiming to administer.

Sic. to feml a note to in* spefior of feamenS wills, Ju £ugljnd,

baling as herein;

and when fuel) person shall receive from inffcc-I or a paper in folluwing form:

(Form.)

The thirty-third Year of George III.

tines, and marines forcing, or mho may have served on board any of his Majesty’sflips. And whereas it would be beneficial to many of his Majesty's subjects, if the provisions in the aforesaid two adlswere extended" to this kingdom; wherefore, and for the more calily obtaining letters of administration to any petty officer or Teaman, uon-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, who shall have belonged to any of his Majesty's ships, and who shall have died, or shall die intestate, leaving any wages, pay, or allowance of money of any kind due to him in respect of his services in his Majesty's navy; be it enaQcd, That when any person being or residing in this kingdom, and claiming to be administrator of the estate and effects of any petty officer, or fearoan, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, belonging, or who shall have belonged to any of his Majesty's ships, and who has died, or hereafter shall die intestate, leaving any wages, pay, or allowances of money of any kind due to him in respect of services in his Majesty's navy, the person claiming such administration, shall fend a" note or letter to the inspector of seamen’s wills in Great Britain, dating the name of the deceased, the name of the Grip or drips to which he belonged, and that he has heard, or been informed of his death, and requesting the inspector -to give such directions as may enable him to procure letters of administration to the deceased; and when the person claiming such administration, shall receive from the inspector of seamen’s wills in Great Britain, a paper in the words following, or to the like effect:

SIR,

Having obtained information that km

about the year 17 at and belonging to his Majesty's flip , about the year

died at in the month of 17

'without leaving any will, to the best of my knowledge and belief -, I now apply for a certificate to enable me to obtain letters of ad-rninif ration to his cffcBs, being his and nearest of kin,

no one to the best of my knowledge and belief of a nearer degree, 3 being

LIST.

1 ft degree, widow, id, child. id, father.

\ih, mother.

5th, brother or ffier.

6 th, grandfather or grandmother. 1th, uncle, aunt, nephew or niece. $th, conftr. german.

9//;, coujingcrman, once removed-. 1 olh,second coufn.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

king living at the time of the death of the said deceased, who rbatchelor,n died a j or V twidower, J my place of abode is

759

A.D.

793-Chap. 23.

IF1 hereby certify, that we feribing and belie.

pefonally know the abovefub-e what has stated to be true.

> Both inhabitants of the iparish of J in the county of

No.

TVe hereby certify, that the above and are known to us, are house-keepers,

and persons of good repute.

Witness our hands,

Dated at this

( Minifer,

\ Church-wardens.

day of 11

N.B. If the person applying is the widow of the party deceased, Jhe muf forward herewith an extract from the parifi re-gifer, or feme other authentic proof of her marriage; if the deceased died after he had left the navalservice, an cxlrabi from the parish regifer of his burial, or feme other authentic proof of his death muf likewise be sent to this of ice: If the person applying knows any proffor in debtors commons,

r*)

{ or f/f defied to mention his- name, that he may be employed in the,

obtaining the tellers of administration: This application when filed up and attefed, is to be sent by the general pof, under cover, directed to the treasurer, or to the paymafer of his Ma-jefys navy, London:

Upon the receipt of the said paper, the person claiming such yi’°n""fa administration shall fill up, or cause to he filled up, the son di.’mu.i blanks in tire fuft part of the said paper, according as the i.'bnk-.'ia (irfl truth may be, and shall duly subscribe the fame -, and two j rTi!ruJ,bc inhabitants of the parish, within which the person claiming such administration shall reside, shall (ign the first certificate tolijnfirft

on

fCo The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

on the paper, having previousiv filled up the blanks therein, agreeably to the truth; after which the minister

1793. Chap. 23,

When tn-spedor of icarntW wills fliiil) transmic

aIcUtr ;*.s ft>!-

low* to mini-ilei am! churdiMvar-ikns.

and two church-wardens shall sign the second certificate upon the aforesaid paper, the blanks therein being first tilled up agreeably to the truth; and the said paper being in all things completed according to the directions thereon, and herel y given, the same shall be resumed, addressed to the treasurer, or to the pav-master of his Majesty's navy, London.

VI. And be it enacted, That when and so often as the inspector of seamen’s wills shall transmit a letter addressed to the minister and church-wardens of the parifit, where the persons applying for such letters of administration shall re-tide, in the words, figures, and form following, or to the like effect.

(form ) jVe. London, navy pay-office, day of 170

Reverend fir,

Having received an application altefed by you, and two church-wardens of your parifi, from , also of your parifi,

fating that is the and next of kin

of late a belonging to his Majestys

navy, and requesting leave to admin fer to his elsefls; lam directed by act of parliament of the shirty-second of George the third, eh- 34, to forward you the enchfed requisition, for the purpose off-scaring accordingly, provided to the bef of your knowledge and belief answers the description

contained in the same.

lam.

Rev. fir,

2 our tnojl obedient fervaut,

Inspector.

P. S. When the requisition is executed, you will please to return it, addreJJ'ed

To the treasurer, or to the pay-maser of his Majestys

navy, London.

And specify and describe the colie£ior whose abode the person applying, who will be directed to pay is nearef to the wages

due to the deceased

To minister of the parifi of N. R. If

Minister zr<iihrch-\\a-d«u> to hike ik-alfi-y

miniili adtnii.iiUr

may

Tie ihhij-ihird Year of George III. 761

Y B. If the sftlLxthn dm man knee, svr sc! aHefied A.D.

v£-.V, es jloted therein, l pkufd to return tie cnekfed re- */93" quisition imr.uiut'.ch, that vteatts re t.tken to t!]eov:r the f’/t-p’fi.kn.

The minister nml church-wardens shall immediately upon the receipt of such letter as aforesaid, ’.villi the previous requi-filion or other iuflruments enclosed therein, take such ficps as to them may seem proper or necessary for procuring the execution of such previous fequitition, or other in ft rumen I transmitted to be executed; and for that purpose, the said niinifler is hereby authorized and required to administer the oath required by such requisition; and being so executed, he or they shall transmit the same to the treasurer, or to the paymaster of his Majesty's navy, London, and shall specify and describe the collector of the revenue, who may be most convenient, or nearest to such person applying for such admini lira tion.

VII. And for the more easily obtaining probate of any will made, or which hereafter shall be made, by any petly-officer or seaman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine belonging, or who shall have belonged to any of his Majesty's ships, and who hath died, or hereafter shall die, and shall have left a will or testament, appointing any executor or executors therein, who may be rclident in this kingdom; and shall have any pay, wages, or other allowance of money due to him at the time of his death, in respect of his services on board of his Majesty's ships; be it enacted, Tl1.1t when, and so often as the inspector of fcaincn’s wills and powers of attorney in Great Britain, shall have ifttied, or eaufc (0 be issued a check in lien of such will, with directions to return the fame at the lime of the testalor’s death; and to which check there shall be subjoined a blank certificate, to be signed by two reputable house-keepers of the parish where such executor is resident at such time; and also another blank certificate to be signed by the minister and church-wardens of such parish, certifying that the two persons who shall have certified as aforesaid, arc resident within the parish, and of good repute; such check and certificate being in the form and words following, or to the like effcCi:

when executed. liansmit-led 10 tita-fiiTer ol navy, Lottdi.n, mid tno.tl convenient c<,l!eJlyr speciital.

For obtain* int; p'oImus of wills;

v.Ji'-it inf;»cr-mr Itl fr.» meu’s will*.,

ha

:liec!:t t

with a blank

certificate to 1): fijineJ by 2 house-k'.ejttrt;

and n to I;c lisO’vd by r ’

botii in fi.r-l« w.ng form.

y 0

Vo I. XVI.

No.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

No. check

London, navy pay-office,

day of

'79

Fmm.

It being dir died by alls of par!ianient, tmnly-Jixik George III. chap. 63, and thirty-second George III. chap. 34, that wills granted by peily-ojfcers and seamen, non-commissiotied officers of marines, and marines, belonging to his Majestys navy, shall be lodged in this office for pmposes therein specif.ed-, and that a check shall be if tiedfor every fitch will, mentioning the particular heads thereof which by virtue of the fat'd alls shall Jland in place of the fame. This is therefore issued to Shew receipt at this office of a will, dated at upon the day

of granted by now of

formerly of his Majesty's flip in favour cf

and appointing execut and which is atiefei

by and the above.

upon the tefalor's death, is entitled upon production of this cheek, to demand of this office the wages, pay, or any other allowances due to the deceased; and that the above mentioned will be directed and sent to a proilor in doflors commons, to obtain a probate thereof, which is also to be lodged in this office.

IFe hereby certify, that we personally know the above described the present holder of this check, and that he is an inhabitant of this pari/k.

| Loth inhabitants of the parish of jin the county of

IVe hereby certify, that the above and are known to us, are house-keepers, and persons of good repute.

TVitncfs our hands

At this

Minister,

| Church-wardens, day of 179

If the tefator die after he leaves the navalservice, a certificate of his burial or some other authentick proof of his death mufl like-wife be sent to this office. If the execut knows any proSlor in . dollars commons, is defred to mention his

name, that he may be employed in obtaining the probate.

0

The

The iLir!y-lhird Year of George III.

7

The above certificates to be filled up upon the testator’s A.D. death, and the check to be sent by the general poll, under cover, directed to the treasurer, or to the pay-mailer of his Majesty's navy, London; such house-keepers, minister, and church-wardens, shall in the event of the tcflator’s death fiit«i «i*»i">" as nfortsaid respectively, fill up the blanks in the said ccr- death, and tificates according as the truth may be; and shall duly subscribe the fame, which shall be returned, addressed to the treasurer, or pay-mailer of his Majesty's navy, London. l,!.in!istotio

filKd up til

VIII. And be it enacted, That when and so often as the caiiikatts, inspector of seamen’s wills in Great Britain, shall transmit a u<whe, i, letter addressed to the minister and church-wardens of the {^"^.d's trarish within which the executors or executor applying for i» G. Britain,

1 rr } 6 ftipl write 10

such probate shall reside, in the words, figures, and form mimiUr ami following, or to the like effect:

cxe-utor lives

No. London^ navy pay-office. 179 fol-

Revd.fr, l0'vi"8:

Having received a check, formerly if'ued by this office, to which there are certificates annexed, attefed by you and two church-wardens of your parish, certifying that also of your farish, is the person defer ibed in the said check to be the execut to late a

belonging to his Majesty's navy, and requefing that a probate of the wilt of the said may be granted , I am

directed by act of parliament of the shirty-second of George the third, chap. 34, to forward you the inclosed requiftion and copy of the will, for the purpose of /wearing the person so named execut accordingly.

I am,

Revd. fr.

Tour mofi obedient servant,

Jnfpcftor.

P. S. 7Vhcn the requiftion is executed, you will please to return it, together with the copy of the will, addreffid

To the treasurer, or to the pay-maser of his Majesty's navy, London.

Andfpecijy and defribe the collector whose abode is nearef to the execut who will be directed to pay

due to the deceased.

the wages

To

minifer of the parifi of o G 2

And

ru'd for?, icmii’M in

when teamen, &c. die inuf-t.uc, or executor? refute

to nfl, to write to in-

srf

if lire person died sifter iie left tlu navy, proof to be exhibited,' Sc.

crn’ficate to be li.TU'd by 2 liotife-ktft-of*.

The tin fj-llircl Year -, J George III.

And shall therein inclose such previous rccuifuion, or other legal and necessary ir.fhuremt for fwesring such executor or executors, with inflrudiens for executing the fame; and abb a copy of the said will; such minister and church-wardens who are hereby authorized and required to adir.inifter the . necessary oath, shall immediately upon receipt of such letter as aforesaid, with the previous requisition, or other instru-nients inclosed therein, take such Heps as to them may seem proper or necessary for procuring the execution of such re-quifilion, or other instrumcats sent as aforesaid; and being so executed, he or they shall transmit the same to the trea- furer, or to the pay-master of his Majesty's navy, London;

and shall specify and describe the collector of the revenue,

who may be most convenient or nearest to the person applying for such probate.

IX. And in order that the just and lawful creditor or creditors of any petty-officer or fcaman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, may the more easily obtain letters of administration, or letters of administration with the will annexed, of any such petty-officer or Penman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, to enable such creditor or creditors, in futisfadion or discharge of such debt, to receive any wages, pay, or other allowance of money of any kind due to any such pstty-officer or seaman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, in respect of his services in his Majesty's navy; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That where any person or persons, resident in this kingdom, being creditor or creditors of any petty-officer, or fcaman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, who shall have died intestate, or leaving a will of which the executors or executor shall renounce the execution, or shall rc-fuse to ad thereupon, such creditor or creditors shall apply, by letter or note, to the inspector of seamen’s wills, at the navy office, London, stating the nature and amount of his demand; and if the person upon whose account the wages, pay, or other allowances arc due, shall have died after he left the naval service, such creditor shall also exhibit a satis-fadory proof of such death, and if he knows any proctor in doctors commons, London, whom he may wish to employ, he shall mention his name to the said inspector; and shall also transmit to the said inspector a certificate signed by two reputable house-keepers, of the piriffi where such creditor is

resident,

The ilirt\-ih:rd Tecr of George III.

resident, certifying that liicy personally know him, and believe that lie is the person whom he describes himself to be*, and a!so anotl'.cr certificate from the minitler of the said pa-rife, and two of the church-wardens, certifying that such two persons who signed and certified as above mentioned, arc resident within the said parish, and of good repute; and when and so often as the said inspector of seamen’s wills, shall transmit a letter addressed to the minister and churchwardens of the parife where the person applying as a creditor for such letters of adminifiralion then rcfidcs, in the following words or form, or to the like eflefl

765

A.D. 1793. Chap. eg.

another by tnitii.Ur anj 2 dim eh-wutdeas;

when iufjtec-lorof fed-men's will?* shall wiitc to itiimller ami chtriH warden* a* follow*

No. London, navy pay-ojjice, Form.

day of 179

Revd. fir.

Having received certificates altejled by you and two churchwardens of your parish, from filling that

he is resident therein, and desiring to administer to the effects of late of his Majesty's navy, as Lit

creditor; I am directed by act of parliament of the thirty-second of George the third, chap. 3 4, to forward you the carlo fed for the purpose of swearing him accordingly.

I am,

Revd. fir.

Tour mofi obedient servant,

InJ'peflor.

P. S. When the is executed, you will please

to return it addressed

To the treasurer, or to the pay-mafier of Lis Majesty s navy, London:

Andfpecify and describe the collector whose abode is nearefi to the above creditor, who will be directed to pay that part of the wages due to the deceased, which appears by 'aw

to be entitled to receive.

To minifier of the parish of

And in which letter a requifnion, or other legal and neccf- A n-'itaii-.Ma,

a ' oi iitUiuir.ciit

fary instrument for firearms? the person applying for such !u: 1*cil,i,|s>

'/I. , r ' Cujiy of wills

admminnuion, with infiruclions for executing the fame, to- ke.tobem-

1 -h-’Ctl

pother with a copy of the will, in cases of administration ’ Vol. XVI., ’9II with

66

The thirty-third Teat of George III.

1793 Chap. 21.

upon receipt C.f let,ter, > r.

ininilW am! Owrili war

tk'i s lo (ti ps for rx<;-

Ctitltlll llllTC-

D. with the will annexed, Hiall be enclosed; the said minificr and church-wardens shall, upon the receipt of flicli Idler, with the rcqtiiiition, or other instrument enclosed therein, take fuel) Peps as to them shall seem proper or necessary for procuring the execution of fuel] requisition, or other instrument dircacd to be executed; and being so executed, he or they shall transmit the same to the treasurer; or paymaster of )|,s Majesty's havy, London, and shall specify and describe tuafurer of t];c collector of the revenue, who may be moll convenient

linvy, ailtl J

fpicfycoi- and nearest to such person applying for such admiuiflration. lec.or ntarcii. And be it enacted, That when, and so often as any mi'ianc" c'r- remittance-certificate, cr certificates for any wages, pay, or titae for other allowances of money due, and payable by the trea-

money paya-

Wetoaisy > furer of the navy, to any person residing in this kingdom, D'lpdom, »’ as executor, administrator, widow, next of kin, creditor, or &c'ofanyC' -other person named as executor, as the case may be, to any jeamnn, he. petty officer, or feamarj, non-commissioned officer of marines,

Rial! he for- 1 J

v.'jui’.'ti, &c. or marine, signe'd, attefled, forwarded, and transmitted in

anti addreRed - r . r.

to commiiii* the form's and mariner herein before directed, and certifying !rwins, in tho ^um or sums for which they shall be so drawn, as bt-(li hcfiirc'11 ‘n§ ('UC aRd payable only to the executor, administrator, ci.mmiiri- widow, next of kin, creditor, or person named as executor, t, be as the case shall be, who shall be named in the fame, and kelo!";101 entitled thereto, and specifying and describing the name and place of abode of such person or persons so certified to fcc entitled to such wages, or pay of such petty-officer, or seaman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, as shall be therein also specified, and addressed to the commissioners of th.c revenue of this kingdom, and being written or printed according to the form herein before specified, where remittances are made to this kingdom, at the payment of a ship, on account of pay of any petty-officer, Teaman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, as aforesaid, and transmitted to the said commissioners of his Majesty's revenue in this kingdom, then, and so often fitch commissioners shall cause the certificate so transmitted to them, to be forthwith font to the collector of the distrifl in which the person named in such certificate vefidcs, or to the collector named or specified in such certificate, a'nd upon the duplicate of such certificate being produced and delivered to such collector by the person named therein, as the person entitled to receive the money therein mentioned, within nine calendar

ct'lltfftor (o ptv on p't»-tlttvinji cat- within9month*.

uhiijnt ;\w*

mOiUfo.S

The ih'ivt-j-tlird 2 ear of George III. 767

months from the date thereof, such collector shall immedi- A.D.

' ately, without fee or reward, on any pretence whatever, '7iLv

' ... ". 1 OlKlp. 2

pay to the person specified in such certificate, the sum mentioned therein, taking his, her, or their reccint on the back of such certificate for the lame; and in case the duplicate ifnntd--- of such certificate shall not be produced and delivered, and in9m imb, ’the payment thereof demanded within nine calendar months ^"Vr'Tote.itt> from the date thereof, then such collector shall transmit such

h navy.

certificate to the said commissioners of the revenue, who shall cause the same to be returned to the treasurer of the navy, at the pay-office of the navy, London.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any col- , hcoltcflnr

J ^_J . ]i1 s uni money

le&or to whom the duplicate of any such certificate, oruill, tnpyemifi-shall he tendered as herein before mentioned, in order to a,iU receive payment of the money therein mentioned, shall not have in his hands public money sufficient to answer the fame, inwmli alien or shall refuse or delay immediate payment thereof, such col-lcffor shall endorse on the back of the duplicate of such certificate, the days of its being tendered to him, and the cause of his refusal ordclay to pay the same, and shall appoint thereon for payment of such certificate, some future day within the space of one month at farthest from the day of its being presented to him; which,duplicate, with the endovfement thereon, shall immediately be delivered back to the person presenting the fame; and if on complaint made to the commissioners of his "P'lncom-

1 t p:;:uit in

Majesty's revenue, it shall be proved to the falisla&ion of »i.;!iiu’»n such commissioners, or any three or more of them, that any Ijj'jy.' such collector hath unncccffarily or wilfully refusal cr delay-cd payment of such certificate, as aforesaid, having been pie- j,‘,'ll'"1 failed to him, or that such collcGor, or any person employ- n'l-ofmfu.-cd b)', or under him, hath directly or indirectly received or taken any fee, gratuity, discount, cr dedutiien v.hulsoever, on account of payment of such money, it shall and may L: lawful for the said commissioners to fine fuel! eoiiefior in 1 film not exceeding fifty pounds; which fir.

toms or excise is imposed or levied, and the said recovered, shall be paid to the inlormer such offender or offenders.

uiall be recover-

as: ;ny penalty

>7 ties of cuf-

; f.iiti i fine when

ufoiv. iers, agur.il

iccio; r who shall

| C.Uj tlai to have

receive;:

Annml ac* 4-ni;ut$ of pay* iiH'iiti', mi.I

f'ctiificaiea to be Km by commissiowi* totiuhirei of jiavy for pay* mot;

implicates to

No pcQajjt; on letters linm tivr.fi:-1 Ci of navy, in Ironi in* l’pcftor of w ills.

I’oifonstvbo jh i lunate,&ii. ui forge, $;c.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

received the fame in pursuance of this act, shall return the duplicate on which the acknowledgment of the receipt of fitch money shall be endorsed, to the coniniuiioners of his Majesty's revenue, who shall once in every quarter of a year, cause a certificate to be given to such collector, specifying the amount of the money appearing by such receipts to have been, in pursuance of this ail, by such coilcdor paid, within such quarter; and every such collector shall be credited by the faitl commissioners for the payment of such money, in like manner as if the fame had been advanced and paid in pursuance of the orders of the said commissioners, for any other purposes for which they arc entitled to ifihc orders to collators for the payment of money.

XIII. And be it enacted, That the said commissioners shall once in every year, make up an account of all money paid by tl'.e several collectors, in pursuance of this act, and shall fend or trail frnit the fame, together with the certificates endorsed by the said commissioners, on which the receipts for such money shall been taken, to some person or persons to be authorized by the said commissioners to receive the payment of the fame, from the treasurer of his Majesty's navy; and the said commissioners shall return duplicates of such account to his Majesty's accountant-general, and to the lord lieutenant of this kingdom for the time being.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the vice-treasurer, or vice-treasurers of this kingdom for the time being, his, or their deputy, or deputies, be and are hereby authorized to receive all such monies as shall be repaid for any money advanced ill pursuance of this act, and shall acknowledge and give credit for the fame, - in like manner as for any money received and paid at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer,

XV. And be it enacted, That all letters directed or addressed by the treasurer, or paymaster of his Majesty's navy, or by the inspector of seamen’s wills, and on which the name of the treasurer or paymaster of his Majesty's navy, or the inspector of seamen’s wills, shall be endorsed, shall be forwarded free of any duty for postage, any thing in any act passed, or to be parted to the contrary noUvithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall personate, or falsely assume the name or character of, or procure any other person to personate, or falsely assume the name and character of any person to whom any such certificate

The thirty-third Year of George III.

rate as aforesaid frail have been granted, in order to receive A.D.

the money mentioned in fncli certificate, or frail forge or 1793-counterfeit, or cause, or procure to be forged or counter-fciicd, any bill, certificate, or other document, in order to "cr‘ receive any such money, or frail willingly and knowingly u> revive lick take any false oath, in order to receive payment of any fncli f,ifo mosey, for which any such bill, certificate, or other docu- "I1' " »"

‘ ‘ ceive fuel*

ment as aforesaid shall be drawn 5 or if any person shall mu»cv; knowingly and willingly personatc, or falsely a flu me the "t1*®.

01 ‘ r or prm me

name or character, or procure any person to personatc, or »nypv,f,n

falsely assume the name or character of any inferior offi-

ccr or seaman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or n-.a- fi,l‘

UJJ1, cvC. u».

tine, or other person entitled to any wages, pay, crultJ '0 other allowance of money for service done on board of any ship or vessel of his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, or the or tl,. ,.c, name or character of the executor’s or administrator’s, wife, relation, or creditor of any such inferior officer, or seaman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, or other person, in order to receive any wages, pay, or allowance of money due, or supposed to be due, and payable for or on account of the services of any such inferior officer, or Teaman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, or other person as aforesaid; or frail forge or counterfeit, or or f procure to be forged or counterfeited, any letter of attorney, bill, ticket, certificate, alignment, last will, or other power , or authority whatever, in order to receive any. wages, pay, Iv 1'1-' or other allowances of money due, or supposed to be due to any such petty-officer, or seaman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, or other person as aforesaid; or shall or willingly or knowingly take a false oath, or procure any ether 1,7* '

"'c a 1 A:;

’lull,

person to take a false oath, to obtain the probate of any J

will or wills, or to obtain letters of administration, in order " i: -

to receive the payment of any wages, pay, or other allowance a.

of money due, or supposed to be due, to any such petty- v'd.'.

officer or seaman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or ?^'!v "t

S|:y. V.t'i,.

marine, or other person as aforesaid, who has really served, I'-.nii cr was supposed to have served on board of any ship or vessel of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, every such person so offending, being lawfully convicted of any of the said offences, frail be deemed guilty of felony, and tha'i fufler death as a felon, without the benefit of clergy.

9I

CHAP.

77°

A.D.

'7Q.b

The thirty-third Year of George III.

CHAP. XXIV.

An Act for the Relief of Persons carrying on the Baking Trade in the City of Dublin.

Reciiai of \\ WHEREAS by an act passed in the seventeenth and 17 &°ia G. 3.» eighteenth years of his present Majesty, entitled, An act to amend and continue an act passed in the thirteenth ami fourteenth years of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for the better regulation of the baking trade in the city of Dublin, and for other ptrfofes; it is amongst other things enacted, That from the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, twenty-eight Hones and an half of all kinds of flour, bought by the bakers, shall be deemed-equal to a quarter of wheat, valued in houshold bread at thirty-seven stones seven pounds, in striking the assize of bread, and that the magistrate shall give an allowance of ten shillings only S!"h»"c 011 t'ic said quarter of wheat: and whereas the necessary cx-increascii: pencos in baking have very much encreased, and it hath been

flounriifnot *°uru* ^7 repeated experiments, that twenty-eight stones and producc the an half of flour will not produce the quantity of bread re-KrrC ftu'red by the said act; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the adv-ice and content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, fa much of That so much of the said act as directs that twenty-eight herein recital, stones and an half of all kinds of flour shall be deemed equal repealed. to a quarter of wheat, valued at thirty-seven stones seven pounds of houshold bread, and limits the allowance to be given to the baker by the magistrate on baking said quarter of wheat to ten shillings, be, and the fame is hereby repealed,.

59' ttones

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That fcmed equal from and after the passing of this atft, twenty-nine Hones of wheat, and one-third of a stone of all kinds of flour bought by the -n11 of h'if bilkor> Until be deemed equal to a quarter of wheat valued

b.iabread; at thirty-seven stones seven pounds of houftiold bread, and "f that the magistrate shall give an allowance of twelve shillings only on said quarter.

III. Pro

The thirty-third Year of George III. 771

III. Provided always, That nothing herein contained, shall A.D. be taken to alter the ratio which white bread bears to botif- 795-hold bread by the said receited act.

CHAP. XXV.

An Act to encourage the Improvement of Barren Land.

bnrrut hr 1 cxcir.^ioJ tVnm citiics for 7 yen.

I tom :i:t-

WHEREAS there are several large tracts of barren i’r«n>Uo heath and waste ground in this kingdom, the improvement of which would conduce much to the benefit and advantage of the publick; in order to encourage the improvement of which; bc'itcnafted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all such barren heath and waste ground which hitherto »have lain barren, and paid no tithes by reason of the fame o.c-r 170. barrenness, and which hereafter shall be improved and can- '353’r. verted into arable ground or meadow, shall from henceforth until the end and term of seven years next alter the time of '<'!>;

' 3 Sulilr. irttf.

improving the same, he exempted and discharged from the Cm. Eire, payment of all tithes whatsoever, any law or custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; but tlrat the said barren heath and waste ground, shall from henceforth j}11"1’. '59 after the end and' term of seven years next after such im- Cfc'- provement fully'Ended and determined, pay tithe for all filings R'.ii.itq. f. usually titheable in the several counties in this kingdom re- l' speflively growing, or yearly encrcafing and renewing upon yVl’"l|!'/j,^ the fame, any thing in this act to the contrary notwithstanding. M- w-

II. And be it enacted, That in all cases where any suit ivahiMii-or proceeding shall be commenced in any ccclcfiastical court,

or before any ecclesiastical judge, relating to the recovery-of

' milch a copy

any tithes in which any question shall arise, -whether the oftiid.w land out of which such tithe shall he claimed, is exempted juj,.',i-c.

and discharged from tirlics by virtue of this act, no prohibi- \ 2f‘‘

tion fnr.lt be granted to (lay any such suit or proceeding, nn-kfs the party demanding such prohibition shall bring and dc- 73'-

t . n. i*i r 1 acts.

Jim* 10 the h.ixds or one or thejuluces, or the judge or the 4iu0«

q I

court

5 Bacon

Aluidg ICC

a confutation planted l*>r default of (Moving a fug*

I'Cllinii, Cariltiw 4/13.

HeiKy 147 j Roll. 55.

2 Roll. 125. Moor 573. pi. 78s.

None to ciiiim (xemp tion but us hetcin.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

court in which such prohibition shall be applied for, a true copy of the libel or petition depending in the ecclesiaf.ica! court concerning the matter wherefore the party demandeth the prohibition, subscribed or marked with the hand of the fame party; and under the copy of the said libel or petition shall be written the ftiggcflion wherefore the party so demandeth the said prohibition; and in case the said suggestion by two honest and sufficient witnesses at leaf!, be not proved true in the court where the said prohibition shall be so granted, within six months next following after the said prohibition shall be so granted and awarded, that then the party that is letted or hindered of his or their suit in the ecclesiastical court by such prohibition, shall upon his or their request and suit, without delay, have a consultation granted in the fame case in the court where the said prohibition was granted, and shall also recover double costs and damages against the party that so pursued the said prohibition, the said costs and damages to be assigned or assessed by the court where the said consultation shall be so granted; for which costs and damages the party to whom they shall be awarded, may have an action of debt by bill, plaint, or information, in any of the King’s courts of record, wherein the defendant shall not wage his or their law, nor have any essoign, or protection allowed or admitted.

III. Provided always, That no person shall be intitled to claim exemption from tithe for any land under this act, who shall not have given notice in writing to the parson, rector, vicar, or curate, or impropiiator, or "his known proctor or agent, in the parish or union in which such land lies, of the period of time from which he means to begin to claim such exemption, at lcafl six calendar months before the cora-’mencement of such period, specifying in such notice the quantity and quality of such land and its situation, together with a map or survey of such land, verified by the oaths of two surveyors, which oaths any magistrale for the county in -which such land shall be, is hereby impowered to administer, one of which surveyors shall be named by the project or or occupier, and the other by the parson, rector, vicar, or curate, or impropriator, to be to the heft of their judgment and belief a true and ccrred survey of the land for which such exemption is intended to be claimed, which

notice

The thirty-third Year of George III.

notice and survey shall by such parson, rector, vicar or curate, or impropriator, or his known agent or proctor, be re- — giftered in the registry of the diocese in which fudi land lies, and such notice and survey, or a copy thereof, attested by the register of the diocese, shall be conclusive evidence of the quantity and situation of the land, and of the period of time from whence the exemption of the said land from payment of tithe commenced, if the same shall be entitled to an exemption from tithes under the true meaning and intention of this act, but notice and survey shall not be, nor shall the fame be considered to be any evidence of the exemption of the said land from payment of tithes, unless the fanie shall be really and truly intitled to an exemption from payment of tithes, under the true meaning and intention of this act.

IV. And be it further provided, That in case the person Ifpirfun.

- &c. neglect

who snail intend to claim any exemption from payment of for i tumuli tithes under this act, shall, by notice duly served for that purpose, require any parson, rector, vicar, or curate, or ira- Jlr‘ propriator, to name and appoint a surveyor to assist in fr.wjw luf-making such map or survey as herein before mentioned, and that such parson, rector, vicar or curate, or impropriator, shall for the space of one month after the fcrvioc of such notice, refuse, decline, or neglect to name and appoint such surveyor for the purpose aforesaid, such map or survey as herein before mentioned, verified in the manner herein before mentioned by the one surveyor, named and appointed by the person who shall intend to claim such exemption, shall be as effednal a map and survey for all the purposes in this act, as if the fame had been made and verified by the oaths of the two surveyors herein before mentioned.

V. And towards preventing the pernicious practice of faming not burning land, by which n® permanent improvement is made;

be it enacted, That where the foil or surface of the earth in or upon any land shall be burned, no part of such land shall he considered or deemed to have been improved within the intent and meaning of this act,'and no.part of such land shall be exempted or riifcharged from tithe by virtue of this act, unless the consent of the proprietor of such land in writing, under his or.her hand and seal, he had and obtained before such land, or any part thereof shall be burned.

V o l- XVI. . 9K CHAP.

'The thirty-third Year of George III.

CHAP. XXVI.

An Act for further amending the several Laws for making, widening, and repairing the Road from Dublin to Mala hide, and the other Roads leading to Dublin over Ballybough-bridge, and for enabling the Trti/lccs for the said Purposes, to borrow a further Sum to complete a new Communication eqjlward of Ballybough-bridge.

Recital 26 WHEREAS by an act passed in the twenty-sixth year 3' 3 of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for making, widening, and repairing the road leading from Dublin to Mala-hide, and for ereBing turnpike gates, and receiving tolls thereout, in aid of the barony preferments, and for appointing trttf-tecs for carrying the said purposes into execution; and by feve-ra| subsequent acts, certain rates and duties were granted, and trustees appointed for carrying the purposes of the said acts into execution, and the provisions of the said act were extended to the roads leading through Rathcny and CIontarfe, 32 C. 3. nnd by one of the said subsequent ad3 passed in the thirty-second year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for enabling the trustees for making, widening, and repairing the road from Dublin to Malahide, and the other roads leading to Dublin over Ballybough-bridge, pursuant to several acts of parliament, pmv<r ilicii- mrc effectually to carry the said acts into execution; a power livpiwKio was given to the said trustees to assign the tolls and duties granted by any of the said acts, as a security for such sum or sums of money not exceeding in the whole the sum of two thousand pounds, with interest for the fame, not exceeding the rate of lix pounds by the hundred, by the year, as they might think necessary, to raise and borrow for the purpose cf building, eroding, and making a new bridge and causeway eastward of Ballybough-bridge, in order to make a new and more commodious communication between the city of Dublin, and the country on the other fide of Ballybough-bridge aforesaid: And whereas a considerable part of the artlniT'1* new bridge which is called Annesley-bridge and cause-if- way hath been eroded, and the said sum of two thousand -o pounds, which by the said last recited act, the said trustees had power to borrow, will not be sufficient to enable them

to

774 A.D.

i?93-

expediency <)F railing an act*

towing more money

The shirtj-ihn d Year of George III. 775

:io complete the said bridge.and causeway, and the rates, lolls, A. A and duties by the said acts granted, may not after providing for the payment of the interest of former sums borrowed in v^-»— pursuance of the said acts, and such sums as may be borrowed in pursuance of this act, be fully lumcient to enable the said trustees to execute the woiks necessary for effectually making and repairing the said roads; and it is expedient to raise an additional toll or duty, in certain instances at tluviiawnaitoii, gates on the said roads , and it may be necessary to raise and borrow at interest upon the l'ccurity of the several rates, tolls, and duties granted by any of the said former acts, and this act, a further sum of money, and to enable the said trustees effectually to secure the fame upon the securi'ty aforesaid; wherefore, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the additional twenty-ninth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and pij; ninety-three, the following additional tolls, rates, and duties shall be paid at any gate or toli-house erected, or which shall be erected. on any of the said roads, before any coach, berlin, chariot, calash, chaise, or chair, shall pass through any such gate, that is to say, for every coach, berlin, chariot, calafn, chaise, or chair, drawn by fix horses, or beasts of burthen, or more, the sum of seven pence halfpenny; for every Cdicll. &c. coach, berlin, chariot, calash, chaise, or chair, drawn by a Jess number than fix horses, or beasts of burthen, and more than two, the Fum of two pence; for every coach, berlin, coach, tie. chariot, calash, chaise, or chair,-drawn by two-horses, or" ’ beasts of burthen,- the sum of one halfpenny; and for every jamunw: c». car called a jaunting car, the sum of one halfpenny; and an additional duty for every -carriage drawing bricks, after the rate of eight pence for every thousand of bricks carried thereon, that is to say, for every carriage drawing ar.y number iJ./<» rwo of bricks, not exceeding the computed number of one bun- h-e 12;

cinch. &<. wiih 6 liotlc*. iVc. 7*d.

-dred and twenty-five, one penny; and u>r every carriage 2ll so, fill drawing a greater number of bricks, the sum of twopence, and an. additional toll or duty for every-carriage drawing any Ser , kind of stones, after the rate of three halfpence for every ton weight of stones, that is to say, for every carriage draw-big any quantity of frones, not exceeding the computed '"s 7* -vright of seven hundred and an half, the sum of one half -9K 2 penny,

for every carriage

with those heretofore Stained,to

776 The thirty-third Year of George III.

A. P- penny, and for every carriage drawing a greater weight of

Hones, the sum of one penny, which several and respective

sums of money, together with the rates, tolls, and duties

iinwinja heretofore eranted, shall be demanded and taken in the like greater nt id. P 7

fu ll sums and manner as the tolls and duties granted by any of the said ruiis, togettitr |-Qrmer and shall be applied and disposed of for the like

purposes, and be subject to the like uses as the tolls and du-?onnerf ties Sranted by the f"i.d former acts, or any of them.

«fl»-

II. And be it enacted, That the said trustees, and such

f iniden person an() persons as have been and shall be successively no-

may auisn r r

tolls for a minated pursuant to the powers in any of the former acts re-nnt mute ihin lating to the said roads, or any of them, trustees in the (lead of any trustee or trustees dying or resigning, or any five or more of them, may, and they are hereby empowered by writing under their hands and seals, from time to time to assign over the said tolls and duties as a fecuiity for such further sum and sums of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of two thousand pounds, with interest for the fame, not exceeding the rate of six pounds by the hundred, by the year, to be paid half-yearly, as they may think necessary, to raise and borrow for the purpose of completing the building, creding, and making of the said bridge and causeway, and for effecting the said new communication in the same manner, and as effectually as for any sum or sums heretofore borrowed by them, by virtue of any of the said acts.

Time ef in, And be it enacted, That in every debenture or

payment of

principle to writing to be ngnea by the fata trustees, for securing every :!»kV«uirr. sum to be borrowed in pursuance of this act, the time when the principal money thereby secured, shall be agreed to be paid, shall be specified in such debenture or writing.

IV. And be it enacted, That the several rates, duties, and tolls by any of the said former acts, and by this act granted, shall (land a security in the first place, for payment of the r.ii.i nfR niii interest of the several principal sums borrowed in pursuance

for principal; , t

of the said acts, or any of them, and of such principal sum;. as the same shall respectively become payable; and in the next place as a security for the payment of the interest of such sum or sums as shall be borrowed in pursuance of this act, and of:such principal sums as the same shall respectively become payable; and that the treasurer for the time being, of the said duties and tolls, shall not pay any sum of money pay'll"'.,!, on any order of the said trustees, whereby he shall be enabled

and principal.

Tolls to Hand a f<cn-riiy for Uttered of for.'-borrowed by and of filtered of sums luirroiwd under and of the princ'p.»1; Jnnfutcr rot to pay sums on orders of tntllcc? when by to lie unable to

nr im

The th'n-ty-tl:rd Year of George III. 777

out of the duties :and tolls paid' into his hands, to discharge A.D. the said interest and principal sums, at the times they are or dfcall- be respectively payable.

V. And be it enacted, That if the interest which shall be liinnyii payable on any debenture or debentures to be issued in pur- (!jy.,i,n-,i . suance of this act, or any part thereof, rtiall be unpaid by the treasurer, to the said trustees for the space of twenty-one r, :^ days after any of the days appointed for the payment thereof, the lord high chancellor, lord keeper, or commissioners of the great seal, may and is, and are hereby required, upon a petition of one or more of the holders of the said debentures,

Hating the interest due upon such debenture or debentures, and when the fame, became due, and on an affidavit verifying the truth of such petition, appoint a receiver to receive from the gate-keepers on the said reads, and collectors of the said rates, tolls and duties, so much of the said rates, tolls ami duties, as may be necessary to pay such interest, and the receivers fees, and all reasonable costs attending such application; or may make such order for sequestering the said duties and tolls, or such monies1 as may be in the hands of the said treasurer for the payment thereof, as to justice shall appertain; and such receiver shall have all such and the like aid of the said court to enable him to enforce payment of a sufficiency of such tolls, rates, and duties, for the ptirpofo aforesaid, as is tifually given to receivers by the said court appointed for the receiving the rents of mortgaged cftaics.

VI. And be it enacted, That the said truficcs shall per- I’-v.-o "f fefl, amend, and keep in repair, the mail lea d.ng over (he <,

said bridge and eaufeway, in like manner as any oilier road under their direction or management; and that all powers and authorities by any of the said former acts granted to the said trustees for making, ordering, and repairing any of the said roads in the said former acts mentioned, and preventing nnifances and annoyances; and all regulations respecting the same shall be,' and the same are hereby extended-to the said bridge-and eaufeway, as fully as if the fame were named in the several atls respectively relating to the said roads; and f «. r (.» fliat a! powers given by the said adis to the said trustees for n-

preventing nnifances and annoyances to the public, Ilia! be extended to that part of the road leading to the said bridge, between the Circular-road and the said bridge.

Vet. XVI. n L

Chap

Ttullrcs i jr.ay croft

turnpikes upon road-

leading toAii'

nefleybtidge, iuidtr then cireAion, &c.

lulls formerly, and hereby granted, to be paid at pates ended, or to be ended, as by said sfts-;

triilrcj* and j*r:fuin under them, to have all poiveis, Sc. as by foiuicr acts.

Tiuflrcs

and magi-it rates may ifltie warrants, Stc. a< by former acts,

where'distress not sufficient, offendet com-n. It ltd for I month.

Fines may the recovered

Jiom owners

TXff (htvty-tUrd Year of ' George I’ll.

'Vfl. And be it enacted, That the trustees already appointed, or to be appointed ;to cany - the said acts, or any of them into execution, or any three or more of them, shall and may cred, or cause to be -eroded, one or more gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes upon, or across any part or parts of the said new communication, over the said bridge, called Anneflcy-bridge, -or any part of any road leading thereto, under their management and.dircdion, and ered and build one or more toll-house or toll-houses thereon, or adjacent thereto; and the said truflecs, or such person or persons as they, -or any three or more of them shall appoint, shall receive and take at any gate, turnpike, or toll-house already erected in pursuance of any of the said acts, or to be eroded in pursuance of this act, the rates, tolls, and duties granted by the said acts, or any'of them, and the additional rates, tolls and duties granted by this act, and that the same shall be levied in like manner, and be paid under the like penalties and forfeitures as b.y any of the said acts are enacted in that behalf; and that the said trustees, and all persons acting-under them, shall have all and singularthe like powers, remedies and authorities for collcding, levying, and recovering the said several rates, tolls and duties at any ;gate, turnpike, or toll house erected, or to be eroded in pursuance of this act, as by any of the said acts were provided for collecting, levying, and recovering the rates, tolls, and duties thereby granted, at any gate, turnpike, or toll-house erected, by virtue of any power in any of the said former acts.

VIII. And be it enacted, That in all cases where any power is ,by any of - the said acts gi ven to the said truflecs, or any -of them, or to any magrstrate to levy any fine, penalty, or forfeiture infiided by any of the said acts, or any person for any offence against the fame, (lie said trustees and ma-gistrates'.respcdiyely, ,/hall, in -case there shall not be goods and chattels-sufficient to satisfy such fine or penalty, issue a warrant -under their hands and seals respectively, against the :body or bodies of the offender or offenders, and commit him or them to the common gaol, for any time not exceeding one month, unless such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall befooner fully paid.

IX. And be it enacted, That in all cases where any driver o.f any sort of carriage who is not the owner thereof, shall

offend

The thirty-third Year of George III. 779

offend a gain ft any regulation enjoined by any of the said a 61s, A.D. or by any authority derived under any of the said acts, for which offence any fine or penalty is inflicted, it shall and may of ntmgn, be lawful for the said trustees to proceed to recover and levy the fine or penalty against the owner of such carriage, in the same manner as by the said acts they are authorised to recover and levy the same from the driver thereof, and such owner shall and may, after payment thereof, dedud from the wages of any such driver the amount of the fine or penalty which by means of the offence committed by such driver, shall have been inflicted.

X. And be it enacted, That this act shall be deemed, ad- A-|>uMi<k judged, and taken to be a publick act, and be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other perfo.ts, without specially pleading t'nc fame.

CHAP. XXVII.

An Act for confirming and establishing certain Articles of Agreement made between the Trustees named and appointed by the I aft Will and Test ament of Richard Morgan, late of New-eastle, in the County of Dublin, Efauire, deceased, and John Godley, of the City of Dublin, Ffjuire, the Nephew and Heir at Law of the said Richard- Mor~an, concerning the real and personal Estates whereof the said Richard Morgan died seized and post'sted, and for other Purpftes.

TX7HEREA8 Richard 'Morgan, late of Ncvvcastle in the R-m^f’" " county of ’Dublin, efcpiirc, died on or about the Dec 17^4, twenty-eighth day of December, in the year of our Lord, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, without issue, leaving Corathy Morgan, otherwise Mcllor his widow, and John Godley of the city of Dublin, esquire, his nephetv and heir at law: and whereas the said deceased was at the time p,<r. ir. t

of his -death, ferzed and possessed of several estates of inhc-ritance, and freehold, and long terms of years in lands and houses herein after more particularly mentioned, and also of other property to a large-amount in value: and whereas his i,futro,!i,n Majesty's attorney' general at the-relation of the right reverend yto George Lewis, lord bishop of Kildare, the right reverend and ‘"7,a

* C DoraUiV

honourable Willi a>m lord hi (hop of Offorv. and the right amt <) I. 2 reverend

7&0 The thirty- third Year of George III.

A.D.

reverend Richard lord bishop cf Cloyne, did on or about the I'79.h . twenty-first day of April, in the year one thousand seven S-IX3 hundred and ninety-one, exhibit an information in his Majesty's high court of chancery in Ireland, sgairift the said John Godley, and again! the said Dorathy the widow of the said Richard Morgan, and several others, thereby (among! other things,) charging that the said deceased did on or about the tenth day of March, in the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, duly make and publish his lad will and testament in writing, and thereby devised and bc-. questhed to the said Dorathy Morgan his widow, the fun or one hundred and fifty pounds sterling, in addition to a certain annuity, which had been secured to her by her marriage settlement, and did also on a certain contingency in his said will mentioned, leave and bequeath unto the said Dorathy, and to several other persons in his said will named, several other legacies, and subject thereto and to the said contingency, did give, devise, and bequeath to his grace-the lord primate of all Ireland, the right honourable the lord chancellor of Ireland, his grace the lord arch-b.ifliop of Dublin, the lord chief justice of his Majesty's court of King’s bench, the lord chief justice of his Majesty's court of common picas, the lord chief baron of his Majesty's court of exchequer, and the lord mayor of the city of Dublin, all for the time being, and their successors for ever, all his the said testator’s estates and properly of every kind in trust for certain charitable purposes in the said information particularly stated and set forth, and it was by the said information prayed, that the trusts of the said will might be carried into execution, or to that effect: jitlm Gotiiry and whereas the said John Godley on or about the fourteenth

init.in huan- J J

fiver.; day of November, one, thousand seven hundred and ninety-

one, put in his answer to the said information, and thereby

did insist that the said alledged will of one thousand seven hundred and seventy-thre-c, was a mere nullity, and that the said Richard Morgan had died intestate, and that he the said

John Godley, as heir at law of the said Richard, became

thereupon, entitled to all the real and freehold estates of the said Richard, subject to the debts and incumbrances assessing

articlescsr- the fame: and whereas pending the said suit, certain in-cntrdiyApr. ‘

1793, iw dented articles of agreement, bearing date -on or about the prim"ir: S-c. seventeenth day of April, in the year one thousand seven Godi<)! eSp" hundred, and ninety-two, were;.duly made and executed by 5 and

The thirty-third Year of George III. Si

snd between his grace lac most reverend and right honour- A.D. ;Mc Richard lord arch-bishop of Armnah, primate and me- >"?. tropolitan of all Ireland, the right honourable John lord Fitz-Git bon, lord chancellor of Ireland., his grace the most reverend Robert lord arch-bishop of Dublin, primate and metropolitan of Ireland, the right honourable John lord viscount Clonmel!, lord chief justice of his MnieJivY o-urt of King’s bench in Ireland, the right honourable Hugh lord Carleton, lord chief justice of his Majesty's court of common pleas in Ireland, the right honourable Barry Yelverton, lord chief baron of his Majesty's court of exchequer in Ireland, and the right honourable Henry Gore Sankey then lord mayor of tiro city of Dublin, of the one part, and the Raid John Godley of the other part, whereby after reciting among! other things, the several matters herein before mentioned, it was for the considerations therein mentioned, covenanted, and agreed by and between all the said parties to the said articles of agreement, and the said trustees for themselves and their successors for ever, and the said John Godley for hitnfelf, his heirs, executors, and administrators, for the purpose of accommodating and putting an end to the said suit so depending in the said court of chancery, which from its nature, was likely to be tedious and expensive, and doubtful in its event, did mutually covenant and agree, that the whole property of the said Richard Morgan, to wit, the entire of his estates, real dhtrsdmV-J and personal of every kind, over and above, and after pay- |"'r't>J\ ment of all the just debts of the said Richard Morgan, and all the legacies and annuities devised and bequeathed by his said will, save and except the devise to the said truflccs,) and also after payment of all charges and expences which had been incident to, and had attended the management of the said property since the death of the said Richard Morgan,

(liould be divided into two equal parts or moieties, he the said John Godley having first accounted to the said trustees, for all the rents, issues, and profits of the said estates, and property which came to his hands since the death of his said uncle, and that one full moiety or Iharc of all the said pro- 1 m *'?,rY

‘ Cll. c l

perty, after such deductions as aforesaid, (liould by ad of iio-JL-y. <">> parliament, (in case the fame could be obtained,! be secured lu,!’ to- the said John Godley, his heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns, for ever freed, exonerated, and discharg-cd from all devises and bequests of the said Richard Morgan,

Vol. XVI. o M and

782 The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

and the other moiety to the said trustees, and their fucecf-

1793- fors for ever, to he by them laid out, applied, and disposed

of, to and for such charitable uses and purposes, as by the U'c.nherio fajfl v>-jll is and by the said act should be directed, and by the said titis- 1

let*, fur cl>a- the said articles of agreement, the said parlies thereto, that pu'L'|IU' is to say, the said trustees for themselves and their successors

for ever, and the said John Godley for hiinfdf, his heirs,

executors, and administrators, did mutually covenant and agree that they the said trustees, and their successors, and the said John Godley, his heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns, should and would do, or cause to be done, all and every act and acts necessary, or that counsel should advise for the purpose of carrying the said agreement into complete execution, and that they and every of them would use their best endeavours in order to obtain an act of parlia- JolinGodley ment for that purpose: and whereas the said John Godley to the said articles of agreement, hath fully ac-‘"S3! counted with said trustees for all the rents, issues, and profits of the said estates and property of the said Richard Morgan, which came to his hands or power since the death of the said Richard, to and for the eleventh day of January, said agree- one thousanrt seven hundred and ninety-three inclusive: and Tm", t'n: not whereas the said agreement appears to be reasonable, and iMoaiuiiii fucj, .,s is fit to be carried into execution, but the fame can-

out the ant r>; 1

iiaiiiaoK.it; not'bc effectually done without the aid of parliament; thereat p.-iiiioi. of forc at the humble petition of his grace the most reverend 'iol.n 4 ant* r’^lt honourable Richard lord arch-bifhcp of Armagh, Gii.ii.-y. rfq; primate and metropolitan of all Ireland, the right honourable John lord Fitz-Gibbon, lord chancellor of Ireland, his grace the most reverend Robert lord arch-bishop of Dublin, primate and metropolitan of Ireland, the right honourable John lord viscountClonmcll, lord chief justice of his Majesty's court of King’s bench in Ireland,- the right honourable Hugh lord Carleton, lord chief justice of his Majesty's court of common pleas in Ireland, the right honourable Barry Ycl-verton, lord ebief baron of his Majesty's court of exchequer in Ireland, and the right honourable John Carleton lord mayor of the city of Dublin, and John Godley of the said city, cf-,-quire'; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That al! and singular the

1 several

The thlrly-iU;\i Year of George III. 785

several manors, tneiTuages, towns, lands. tenements, hero- A.D.

rlitaments, and premisses herein after mentioned, that is to '79’

fat’, ail that and those the failles, towns, lands, tenements,

and hereditaments following, that is to fuv, Rathnnfc.tr con- rii»ii-s,

&o. lie;cm

taining by estimation three hundred and nine acres profitable lii-ax.i, i--land plantation measure, be the fame more or left, and all (t.ijt.-v an i

that patt of flic towns and lands of E.tilywilliam, alias Bal-lywilhams, formerly in the possession of the said Richard Morgan the elder, and Richard Morgan the younger, in vir- M-r- 'tss !ue of, and under a certain deed of partition bearing date the twenty-first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and forty-three, made and executed by and between Richard Maun fell of the city of Limerick, esquive, and Richard Maunfoil, esquire, the younger, eldest son of the said Richard Maunfell, the elder, by his then wife Jane Maunfoil, otherwise Waller, of the one part, and the said Richard Morgan the elder, by the name and description of Richard Morgan of the oity of Dublin, esqoirc, and the said Richard Morgan the younger, by the name and description of Richard Morgan,

esquire, the younger, only son and heir of the said Richard Morgan the elder, of the other part; and the lands of Grange, otherwise Graige or Grayges, containing by a survey made thereof three hundred and thirty acres, one rood, and ten perches, plantation measure, all fituafe, lying and being in the barony of Conello and county of Limerick, together with all and Angular the rights, members, and appurtenances to the said towns, lands, and premises belonging, or in any wise appertaining, and the reversion and reversions, remainder and remainders, yearly, and other the rents, ilfnes and profits of the said premises; and also all that and those the manor or reputed manor of Cniigllown, and the towns and lands of Mullaglimore, Tuam, Dromlhawer, alias Drom/hanger, Dromloanake, alias Dromloonagh, alias Drimhwngh, Drom-bricke, alias Drumbrich, Drorarilhinc, alias Druminlhine, Kilerhin, alias Kilcaron, alias Kilcarn, Droracrgoolc, alias Drumcrgaul, Aghavners, alias Aghavarry, alias Aghavorc, Aghemore, alias Taghemorc, alias Taghantore, Kilhrackan, alias Killbrackan, Dromenure, alias Druminare, Killdagarre, alias Killegar, Laghin, alias Laglin, alias Laghan, Drom-necroffec, Charcarra, alias Curcarr, Ahaville, alias Ag’na-x'illy, Lawchill, alias LangfieU, Drumhalbry, alias Drom-hawbry, Dromlonan, alias Droinlenan, alias Dromclirai, and

9M a

Anige,

784 ST/i* thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D. 1793.

Chap. 27.

Anage, alias Er.oclie, situate, lying, and being in the barony of Carrygallcn, in the county of Leitrim; and also all that and those the town and lands of Klineniarrow, otherwise Kilncmar; and also all that yearly fee-farm rent of thirty-eight pounds sixteen shillings and three pence, issuing and payable out of the towns and lands of the two Corglaffes, otherwise Chryglafles, situate, lying, and being in the barony of Carrygallcn and county of Leitrim as aforesaid; and also all that and those the two honfes or tenements, with the out-houses and appurtenances thereunto belonging, filu-atc on the north quay in the town of Drogheda, formerly in the tenancy or possession of the reverend Mr. Richard Crump, and of the honourable James O'Brien, esquire, and Mr. Daniel Kelly; and also all that house, malt-house, tvare-house, garden, back-yard, and appurtenances thereunto belonging, wherein alderman John Godfrey, dcccafed, formerly dwelt, situate in St. Laurence’s-street, in the said town of Drogheda, and afterwards in the occupation and possession of Jane Spencer, widow, and Cornelius M'Keogh, merchant; and also all that house and back-yard thereunto adjoining in the said fircet, formerly in the occupation and possession of Mary Norman, widowall which said premises in St. Laurence-street, are held by virtue of a lease for three lives renewable for ever, from William Shcppeard, esquire, at the yearly rent of two pounds sterling, and eleven shillings and six pence line, to be paid on the fall of a life; and also all that the dwelling-house, out-houses, and gardens thereunto belonging, situate, lying, and being in Clontarff in the ebunty of Dublin, formerly inhabited by the said Richard Morgan the cider, and afterwards in the occupation and possession of the reverend Mr. Frederick Usher, clerk; and all that the house and gardens formerly in the possession of- Robert Sneyd, and afterwards of John Sparks, or his under-tenants, together with two 1'mall fields or meadows thereunto adjoining, making in the whole four acres, two roods, and thirty-six perches, or thereabouts, be the fame more or less, being part of the towns and lands of Clontarff aforesaid, held by lease from John Vernon, esquire, made to the said Richard Morgan the elder, for the term of ninety-nine years, from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine, at the yearly rent of eleven pounds five shillings'sterling; and also all that farm or parcel of land, commonly called

Tue thirty-third Year of George III.

cr.llcc! Ballyboggan, situate within the pari;!: of Finglass in the county of Dunlin, held by k-afe from the dear, ninl chapter of Christ-church; and aito all th'.'.l and those the towns and lands of Newcastle, containing :v:o hundred and fifty-five acres, be the fame more or iifr, illuatc, lying, and-being in the barony of Newcastle and Upper Oafs, and-county of Dublin, held by virtue of, and under a lease thereof made, bearing date the fifth day of February, one thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, by Hugh Henry, esquire, to John Neville, esquire, at the yearly rent of one hundred and fifty pounds for three lives renewable for ever, at a pepper corn fine, the tenants interest in which said lease by mesne assignment afterwards became vested in the said Richard Morgan the younger, and which said freehold interest is also subject to a yearly rent charge of three hundred pounds sterling, payable to William Godley, esquire, his heirs and assigns, for ever; and also all that house and garden situate, lying, and being in the south-west end of Newcastle aforesaid, and containing one acre of ground, in as large and ample a manner as Martin Wallh, cooper, formerly held and enjoyed the fame, and held by virtue of, and under a lease thereof made, bearing date the seventh day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, by-Michael Aylmer of Lyons, in the county of Dublin, esquire, to the said- Richard Morgan, for the term of sixty-ttvo years from the month of May preceding, at the yearly rent of one pound two /hillings, and nine pence sterling; and also all that and those the several pieces and parcels of land, formerly in the tenure arid occupation of Richard Neville, esquire, and late in the possessiori of the said Richard Morgan, deceased, and now in the possession of John Godley, esquire, or his under-tenants, commonly called and known by the name of the petty canons land of Saint Patrick aforesaid, situate, lying,-and. being in the town-fields and barony of Newcastle and county of Dublin, containing in the whole thirty-six acres, three roods, and three perches, be the fame more or less, as the fame flood last renewed under a lease thereof made, bearing date the third day of June, one thousand seven. hundred and eighty-six, to the said John Godley, for the term of sixty-one years from the twenty-fifth day of March preceding; and also all that and those the towns and lands of Milihill farm, part of Bishop's farm, Little Clon-VOL. XVI. <j N burrow,

786 The ihiriy-third Year of George III.

A.D. 1793.

Chap. 27.

burrow, part of Gibbon’s farm, and part of Neal's land, containing one hundred and forty-six acres, one rood, and three perches, be the fame more or less, situate, lying, and being in the lordship of Clondaikin, barony of Uppercross, and county of Dublin, formerly in lease to Alexander Henry Stecvens; and also all those the twenty-seven acres and twenty-six perches of ground, part of the lands in the lordship of Clondaikin aforesaid, lately in the tenure or occupation of Lewis Moore, esquire, or his under-tenants 5 all the said lands and premisses being the inheritance of the fee of Dublin, excepting such parts of the said premises as are excepted in and by virtue of the lease of said demised premises, bearing date the twentieth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, made by his grace the most reverend Robert lord archbishop of Dublin, unto the said John Godley, at the yearly rent of twenty-two pounds fourteen /hillings, for the term of twenty-one years from the twenty-fifth day of March next preceding; and also all that part and parcel of ground situate in Black Pitts, Bonny’s-lane, and Malpas-street, containing on the south in the front from Mr. Weld’s holding in Bonny’s-lane to that corner in Bonny’s-lane aforesaid, which ends at the Black Pitts, three hundred and seven feet on the well in front on Black Pitts from the corner of Bonny’s-lane to the 'Corner of Malpas-street, one hundred and forty-seven feet in front in Malpas-street, from the corner of Black Pitts to the backside of the house in New-street, known by the sign of the millflone, three hundred and twenty-one feet, and on the east in the rere between Malpas-street and Eonny’s-lane adjoining the back part of New-street, one hundred and forty-six feet, be the fame more or less, held by virtue of, and under a lease bearing date the eighth of February, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-seven, made by Christopher Malpas, esquire-, to the said Richard Morgan, for the term of ninety-nine years from the twenty-fifth of March next ensuing, at the yearly rent of twenty-five pounds sterling, and whereon is endorsed a confirmation thereof, bearing date the eleventh day of March, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-seven, with a further grant of said premises for the three lives therein named; and also all that and those that piece or parcel of ground in the fircet called Kildare-street, containing in breadth in the weft fronting Kildare-street aforesaid,

thirty

The thirty-third Year of George III.

thirty feet, and in breadth in the rere to the end thirty A feet, and in depth from front to rere one hundred and fc-venty-six feet, bounded and rfcscribed ns in the lease of fee-farm grant thereof, bearing date the fifth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, made by Edward Nicholson, esquire, to Richard Morgan the older, cfip.iire, to hold to him, his heirs and alligns for ever, at the yearly rent of thirty-six pounds fierling, over and above all taxes, the ground rent therein mentioned, payable to the carl of Kildare, only excepted, and which said premises and the fee-farm grant thereof afterwards by mefnc assignment became vested in the said Richard Morgan the younger; and also all that and those that piece or parcel of ground lately in the possession of the said Richard Morgan, filtrate, lying, and being on the north fide of Dorset-street, in the lordship of Saint Mary’s-abbey and county of the city of Dublin, containing in the front to the said streel twenty feet, or thereabouts, in breadth, in the rere the like number of feet, and in depth from front to rere two hundred feet, be the said premisses more or less, shearing and bounded, and with the liberty of passage as in the lease thereof particularly mentioned and described, together with the house, buildings and improvements erected thereon, held by the said Richard Morgan, by virtue of a lease thereof made, bearing date the nineteenth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, and made and executed by Robert Watson of tho city of Dublin, gentleman, unto the said Richard Morgan, at the yearly rent of thirty-three pounds fierling, from the twenty-fifth of March then Iafi, for three lives renewable for ever, at a pepper corn fine; and also all that and those: that house or tenement situate on the north fide of Kenncdy’s-lane in the city of Dublin, lately in the pofiession of Robert Bently, with the back-houses and back-yards, and lioufos of case, and all other the appurtenances thereunto belonging, held by the said Richard Morgan under, and by virtue of a lease to him thereof made, bearing date the fifteenth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seven tv-two, by Elizabeth Renouard, widow, unto the said Richard Morgan, at the yearly rent of thirty pounds fierling, from the twenty-ninth day of September then last, for the three lives therein named, and from and after the dccrease of the survivor of said three lives, then for the remainder of a term9N 2 C-i

3 &8

A.D. 1793.Clmp. 27.

fllljjt ft t^> jctik, in '.* inj;, nt:<l ihc

i;ill <!i l>t» of

Jjitl luclt

ami lo the he* qmlU in shul will, (titvik ,t« fiid triif-tees except* c<l.) and to the expences of this act. &c.

upon such trulls, and to Inch nils as hereafter exp. i.iTed

1 moiety of estates,

to John Gutl-lev, nml his he’rs f-.»t ever, to half the debts, an* unities, legacies, expences, &<.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

of nine hundred and ninety-nine years from ;’-.c fail! "-"utv-ninth day of September then last, then to come and uncx-pired; and alia nil that and those two tenements, with the appurtenances, fiumte on the weft fide of New-lireei, in the loidfiiip of Saint Sepulchre’s, and county of Dublin, part of the eftntc of his grace the lord avch-bishop of Dublin, and held by lease from William Poole, esquire, to the said Richard Morgan, with a iolies yuoties ckufe of renewal, and tenanted by Mrs. Mary Kathrcns and Mr. John Derraflet, with all and singular the rights, members, appendances, and appurtenances thereunto severally and respectively belonging (all which said lands and premises compose and constitute the entire of the landed property which the said Richard Morgan died seized or possessed of, or entitled unto) shall be from and after the twenty-fifth day of March in the year of our Lord, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, actually veiled in, and shall be from thenceforth deemed, adjudged, and taken to be veiled in, and they are hereby from and after the said day last above mentined, vested in the actual seisin and possession of the said John Godley, his heirs, executors, administrators and assigns, and the said trullces herein before named, and their successors, for ever-, subject nevertheless to the several leases now in being of all or any part of the said premises, and to all and every the just debts of the said Richard Morgan, and also to the several annuities, legacies, and bequests mentioned in his. said will (the devile to the said trustees. only excepted) and subject also to the charges and expences which may attend the procuring and passing of this act, and which have been incident to and attendant on th.e management of the whole property since the death of tl}C said Richard Morgan, upon such tenfts nevertheless, and to such uses and for such purposes as are herein after mentioned, expressed, and declared of and concerning the same, and none other, that is to say, as to one full, moiety or share of all the said.estates real and personal of every kind to the use of the said John Godley, his heirs, executors, administrators. and assigns, for ever, fub-jcdl nevertheless to one full moiety, or half of all the Just debts of the said Richard Morgan, and of the several annuities, legacies, and bequests mentioned in his: said will (the said devise to the said trustees always, and for; ever excepted) and subject also to one full moiety or half of the charges I and

i,! in hi! will.

The thirty-third Year of George III. 089

and expences which may attend the procuring and passing of A.D. this add, and which have attended the management of the said estates and property since the death of the said Richard Morgan, and as to the other full moiety or half of all the ,>,r said estates real and personal of every kind to the life of the said trustees and their fticccflors for ever, on the several '.lln,.h"-‘;rr-

( iri In* rvrf.

trusts, and to and for the several charitable uses and purposes mentioned in the said will of the said Richard Morgan deceased, but subject nevertheless to one full moiety or ii!'

half of all the just debts of the said Richard, and of the fe- &c veral annuities, legacies, and beqtiefts mentioned in, and dc-

vised and bequeathed by his said will, and subject also to one full moiety or half of all the charges and expences which may attend the procuring and passing of this act, and which have been incident to and have attended the management of the said estates and property since the death of the said Richard Morgan.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, IVtofiln That so soon after the said twenty-fifth day of March, one r.Wri'ir j'ay-thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, as the fame can or may be done, the said John Godley, his heirs, exccutois, sdministrators and assigns , and the said trustees, and their successors for the time being, or any three or more of them do, and shall sell and dispose of by public!; falc, or otherwise, as to them shall seem most advantageous, a competent part of the said estates and premises in them hereby veiled for the purpose of "paying off and discharging all the just debts which the said Richard Morgan owed at the time of his death, and still remain unpaid or unfntisfied, together with the several pecuniary legacies mentioned in the said will that {till remain unpaid or unsatisfied, as likewise all such costs, charges and expences as shall or may attend the procuring and passing of this act, and as have been incident to and attendant upon the management of said estates and property since the death of the said deceased, and do, and shall make one or more absolute conveyance or conveyances of ftieh part or parts of the said lands and premises as shall be so sold to such person and personss as fluid become the purchaser or purchasers thereof as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted by the anlhori'y aforesaid,

That the person cr pci Tons who /ha! become :he pmchnfer sr purchasers of said lands and pren.ifcs. or any part thereof j. CuJjVy

Vol. XVI. c. 0 upon

Pettit ifcs

ijgo The thirtythird Year of George III.

A.D.

upon such sale or Pies, and shall thereupon obtain one or anqre conveyance or conveyances of the part or parts by them so purchased from1 the said trustec6 and their succes-ar.d imlten. fors for the time being, or any three or more of them, and

aiKrcm.-tn.

poficfsallfudi from the said John Godley, his heirs, executors, adminifftce all trators or assigns, shall thereupon, and upon the payment of the epnsideration money in such conveyance or conveyances mentioned unto the said trustees or their successors, or any three or more of them; and the said John Godley, his heirs, executors, administrators, or assigns, be by the authority of this act deemed, adjudged, and taken to be the absolute owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors of all such lands, tenements, and hereditaments, and of all fetch estates and interests as shall be so fold and conveyed to them, and from thenceforward shall and may by virtue of this act, have, hold, possess, and enjoy to them, their heirs, executors, administrators and assigns, for ever, all the said lands, tenements, and hereditaments, and all the said estates and interests by them so purchased, and that free and clear, and absolutely freed, exonerated, acquitted and discharged of and from all the devises of the said Richard Morgan, without being accountable for any misapplication of the said receiptstn- purchase money so to be paid by them as aforesaid; and

tuch d«de that the receipt or receipts of the said John Godley, his

?u!ncieM0dir- heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, and of the said

chaise to trustccs, or their successors, or any three or more of them,

purchaser.

endorsed on the said deed or deeds of sale or conveyance of the lands and premises hereby veiled to be sold, or of any part or parcel thereof, shall be a good and sufficient discharge to the said purchaser or purchasers for all such sum and sums of money as shall be paid to the said John Godley, his heirs, executors or administrators, or to the said trustees, or their successors, or any three or more-of them.

If any nn-

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, mwiMibe That if at.any time hereafter any unforeseen claim or claims, l'eivarieidia- cftmnnd or demands, shall be set' up and established as a

bulbed, i 1

’Miety shall charge or charges aftefting all or any part of the aforesaid J* Godley! estates real or personal of the said Richard Morgan, deceased, by'lhcmif-61* not Pa'd or satisfied out of the money which shall- arise by the said sale or sales herein before authorised and direct-tat«. ed, or otherwise, then and in such case, and in all such cases, one full moiety of such claim, demand, charge or in-3 cumbrance,

791 A.D.

Tn..V Jiml their iuc* ct flora, t'1.1 ever Mtooi{»«*-lated, liv ihfi nnitu* of ilic trurtces of

The thirty-third Year of George III.

cumbrance, and of all expences attending the fame, shall be borne and paid by the said John Godley, his heirs, exccu-tors, administrators and assigns, out of the rents, iffucs, and profits, or by sale or mortgage of a competent part of that moiety or {hare of the said estates real and personal so as aforesaid, vested in him, and the other moiety, or half of the said claim, demand, charge or incumbrance, and of all expences attending the fame, shall be borne and paid by the said trustees, and their successors for the time being, for ever, out of the rents, issues, and profits, or by sale or mortgage of a competent part of that moiety or share of the said estates so as aforesaid, vested in the said trustees and their successors for ever, by virtue of this act.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said trustees herein before named, and their successors, shall for ever hereafter be in name and in fail a body politick and corporate.in law for the purposes in this act appointed, and shall have perpetual succeslton, and may and shall fuc and be sued, plead and be impleaded by the name fjiouij. of the trustees of Morgan’s charity schools, in all courts and places of judicature, and shall and may appoint and make a common seal or seals for the use of the said corporation.

VI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be considered, deemed, construed, taken, and allowed in all courts of justice in this kingdom, a publick act, and taken and allowed as. such by all judges, and others, without specially pleading the fame: reserving to the King’s most excellent Majesty, his heirs and successors, and to all and Kinf. ami every other person and persons, bodies politick and corporate whatsoever, their heirs, successors, executors and administrators-- respectively, save only and except the said John Godley, his heirs, executors, administrators and assigns, and the said trustees herein before named, and their successors for ever) all such estate, right, title, and interest, as they or any of them have or might claim of, in, or to the premises, or any part thereof, as if this act had never been made, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

A publick act

ctfpt salt!

J. Godley, and faiil insf* teca.)

9O 2

C Id A P.

79*

A.D. 1793.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

C-HAP. XXVIII.

An Act to provide for the Families of I'crfons chosen by Lot h serve in the Militia of this Kingdom.

[Preamble.]

7TIERF. AS the families of persons who have been, or fltail

be chosen by lot to serve in the militia, and of the corporals, drummers, and fifers therein, may he rendered less able to support themselves by the militia being called out into actual service, and a provision for them in such case is just and reasonable; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the autho-uhtn the mi- rjty of t},c fame. That whenever the militia of any county, city,

Jttia shall be 7 t 4 4 '

ordered to or town in this kingdom, shall be called out to actual service, and

manda’nu"1' ordered to march, the lieutenant-colonel-commandant, or other commanding officer thereof, shall immediately cause the same to askrein; ’ be known in each parish of such county, town, or city, by fending orders to the chief or high constables, or other officers of each barony, requiring them to cause notice thereof to be polled up in each parish, or to be served on the reftor, vicar, curate, or churchwardens thereof, or in any other manner such lieutenant-colonel-commandant, or other commanding officer shall judge expedient, rbrjiyman, and the redter, vicar, curate, or one of the church-wardens of warden?'" eac'1 Parish in which such notice shall be given, shall cause a vestry 'iwn' ton'l 10 *)e l'iere'n within eight days thereafter, giving three days a vestry with- notice thereof, and setting forth in such notice the cause of calling ','1'1 it; and if it shall appear at such vestry, or at any vestry to be held mai^chorcn" ^or *l'le PurP°k of this act (which it shall be lawful for one or more by ballot, or parishioners to require to be held from time to time, as may be ne-(irumnicr, or ccflliry) that any militia-man chosen by lot from such parish, or any hfifamifyt'li corPora^i drummer, or fifer resident therein at the time of his cn-al,1" " tcring the militia, or of its being hill embodied, shall have left, or

’ shall leave his family when he is ordered to march, less able by

means of his absence to support itself, it shall and may be lawful for such vestry, with the concurrence of the rector, vicar, curate, or any one justice of the peace to order a weekly allowance for

u. a wrclt every such family after the rate of one shilling for each child born

SXmllU 'n wedlock under the age of ten years, and of two shillings for the

years old, wife of such militia-man, whether flie shall, or shall not have any

ana zs. for 4

the wife, if child or children, and provided she does not follow the regiment or

battalion,

The thirty-third Year of George III.

793'

A.D. 1793 Chap. 28.

flu* docs mu Ftd'ow ihc rc. pinv.'iu {

or lo-

itiiO iutku by

or f»ir-fcof

battalion, such allowance to be paid weekly by the redos', vicar, curate, or church-warden, as shall be directed at such vestry, so long as fitch militia-man shall continue on aftu.il service, and to be raised by a eels or pariflt rate to he impelled at such vestry, and levied forthwith, by such means, and with such powers and authorities as other pariflt ccfics ntay, or tifually are raised

vied, parish cci-

II. And be it further enacted, That the amount of the cess to he CMstobc raised at such vestry shall be a sum sufficient to pay such allowances + for four months, and that the cess shall be renewed from time to

lowaitcr, ana

time in like manner so long as the militia of such count)', town, trnrwcil fion\ or city shall continue in actual service; and that whatever saving ",1K 10 mnc' shall arise in the said allowances by death or otherwise, and all fur- r’v,"s m.

1 1 to c!

plus which may remain after the return of the militia from actual |.aritli. service, shall be applied for the use of the parish in aid of its ordinary and usual cesses for parochial purposes.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no allowance shall No .1II0*-be made by virtue of this act to the family of any person chosen m]u;l

by lot, who shall refuse or neglect to enrol himself as a militia man ,1"

by appearing at the fub-divisional meeting held for the purpose of or

enrolling, and by there taking the oath by law required, ner to ' " the family of any militia-man who shall have deserted the fer-

vice. Names of

IV. And be it further enacted, That the commanding officer of mcm'imim-c

every regiment or battalion on actual service, Hull from time to

time transmit to each parish the name of any persons belonging lu

thereto, who shall have deserted, or been discharged, or died. !>c uannnit-

V. And be it further enacted, That if any chief or high confta- ’‘uaweit.’ ble, or other officer of any barony or parish, shall refuse, or v.-il- n.Me, &c.

’ J i , ni'glv'wtiiiK to

fully neglect or omit to obey any order given to him by virtue of ubry o/dw«,

1 this act, he Avail on conviction thereof, by the oath of one credi- /,^mpri-blc witness, before any jtiflice of the peace, forfeit the sum of ten pounds; and upon non-payment thereof, shall he committed to gaol by warrant from such justice for 011c month, cr until payment thereof.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it Avail and may be lawful to enquire at every vestry to be held in pursuance of this act, upon oath (which oath any justice of the peace is empowered to administer) into the Hate and circumstances of every family which shall desire to receive a weekly allowance by virtue of this act, and into mv.sc. all matters respecting such allowance which may be needtary for i,/

F.r.q-iiry on na*h, curiy \cltiy. tnro the Hale of rach K*m*!y

requiring v.*?e|:iv Jlntr*

the execution of this act; and that 110 parochial business shall be ^iss/nor entered into at any vestry to be held in pursuance thereof, favc only :nl °'l1'r

Vol. XVI. 9P

teitryvQ tilC faxrdry.

794 thhiy'hhd Tier if George III.

A.D.

the business and matters herein before mentioned, nor shall any 1793* oilier vestry be held in any pariui on the fame day on which a vef- try shall he held therein for the purposes of this act. a'r'd'l L'"n" ^n" ^)e 'l ^lrt’;er enacted, That every cess which shall be

pi. Hi ci& y imposed in any parish by virtue of this act, shall be raised and levied in like manner, and by all such means, powers, and authorities, and with all such remedies in case of any refusal or omission to pay the same as any parish cess may by law be raised and levied.

b«?»qnak(" Provided always, That nothing herein contained, shall not subj.d u lulijeft any conflabic being of the people called quakers, to any jiouluts. ^penalty under this act.

CHAP. XXIX.

| An Act to prevent the Election or Appointment of unlawful AJ-\ jemhlks, under Pretence of preparing or presenting public Petitions, or other Addresses to His Majesty, or the Par-. /lament.

Preamble, IWHEREAS the election or appointment of aflemfalies, purporting to represent the people, or any description or number of the people of this realm, under pretence of preparing or presenting petitions, complaint?, remonstrances, and declarations, and other addresses to the King, or to both or either houses of parliament, for alteration of matters established by law, or redress of alledged grievances in church and state, may be made use of to serve the ends of factious and seditious persons, to the violation of the public peace, and the great and manifest encouragement of riot, tumult, and disorder, be it declared/hnd enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in parliament assembled, and committee*. ’ by the authority of the same, That all assemblies, committees, or Kc.cKcrcifing other bodies of persons clcfted, or in any other manner constituted

a right or au- ‘ 1 t

ihurity to t;- or appointed to represent, or afliimiilg or exercising a right or au-

JIwpC &e. thority to represent the people of this realm, or any number or

ahmat’um" bi" description of the people of the fame, or the people of any pro-

matters eda- vince, county, city, town, or other district within the same, under btiflied by r . c

j,tWj cKccpt pretence ot petitioning ior, or m any other manner procuring an andhonbsaf nberation of matters established by law in church or state, faveami convocation, except the knights, citizens, and burgesses elected to serve in the Khts’Mvrit!' parliament thereof, and save and except the houses of convocation

arc unlawful j,}.,

al'i'mbKes} UUV

The thirty-third Year of George III.

duly summoned by t'nc King’s writ, arc unlawful assemblies; and it shall and may be lawful for any mayor, Iherilf, jnilice of the peace, or other peace officer, and they are hereby respectively authorised and required, within his and their respective jurisdictions, to dispersc all such unlawful assemblies, and if refilled to enter into the fame, and to apprehend all perfcr.s offending in that behalf.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any person (halt give or publilli, or cause or procure to be given or published, any written or other notice of electien to be holden, or of any manner of appointment of any person or persons to be the representative or re-presentatives, delegate or delegates, or to act by any other name or description whatever, as representative or representatives, delegate or delegates of the inhabitants, or of any description of the inhabitants of any province, county, city, town, or other district within this kingdom, at any fitch assembly; or if any person shall attend and vote at such election or appointment, or by any other means vote or aft in the choice or appointment of such representatives or delegates, or other persons to act as such, every person who shall be guilty of any of the said offences respectively, being thereof convicted by due course of law, shall be deemed guilty of an high misdemeanor.

III. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to or affect elections to be made by bodies corporate, according to the charters and usage of such bodies corporate respectively.

IV. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall be construed in any manner to prevent or impede the undoubted right of his Majesty's subjects of this realm to petition his Majesty, or both houses, or either house of parliament, for redress of any public or private grievance.

795

A.D. 1793. Chap. 29.

mc^llrates 10 Jifp tfc fm'li pfk

still if ft lilted tajijirc* hen*! the offenders*

Perf;-:;* giving of puls-lil'iiii’ coiice of (lie clctfion of such tep»«-fct.iatives;

or attending, voting, or acting therein. Kv any mean*, guilty of a high misdemeanor.

Not to slTv& elcfliotis by bodies corporate.

Not to prevent the right to petit ion his Mujdly, or parliament.

9P 2

CHAP.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

CHAP. XXX.

An Act more cjfeBually to prevent, during the prcient War between Great Britain and France, all traiterous CorreJ'pondem with, or Aid, or AJpJlance being given to His Majest/s Enemies.

)’rami)k. 7H E RE AS it is expedient more effectually to prevent» traitorous correspondence with, or aid, or assistance being given to His Majesty's enemies during the continuance of the present war between Great Britain and France; be it declared and enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament af-l>«if,.n5tc- sembled, and by the authority of the same, That during Mtnt i» ire- t]ie continuance of the present war between Great Britain

Jnm!> miring t t t

tk war with and France, if any person redding, or being in Ireland, shall, on their shall knowingly and wilfully on his own account or credit, iSMac-1'1' or on account or credit, or by the direction of any other fwf’&c'ot Person or persons whomsoever, or wheresoever resident or tiiredi or at- being, fell, supply, or deliver or fend for the purpose of being’, Veiling, ing fold, ftipplied, or delivered, or agree to fell, supply, or

&c. for use of French government, or of ai mies, fliijis, Src employed by them, or to any person

deliver, or send to, for the purpose of being fold, supplied, or delivered, or shall knowingly and wilfully either on his own account or credit, or on the account or credit, or by the direction of any other person or persons whomsoever, or rSngnndtr wheresoever resident or being, cause or procure to be sold, iimguvttro- supplied, or delivered, or sent for the purpose of being fold, supplied, delivered or sent, or authorise or direct any other person whomsoever, or wheresoever resident or being, to fell, supply, or deliver or fend for the purpose of being fold, supplied, or delivered, or shall knowingly and wilfully aid or assist in so felling, supplying, or delivering, or fending for the purpose of being so fold, supplied, or delivered, or in so authorising or directing any other person whomsoever, or wheresoever resident or being, to fell, supply, or deliver, or to fend for the purpose of being fold, supplied, or delivered to, or for the use of the persons now exercising, or who may hereafter during the said war, exercise the powers 3 of

The thirty-third Year of George III.

of Government in France, or to, or for the use of any armies, troops, fleets, ships or vessels employed, or to be employed by the persons exercising, or who shall excreifc stich powers of government as aforesaid, or to, or for the use of any persons or person residing or being within any of the dominions of France, or any town, territory, port, or place annexed to France, or under the government of the persons exercising, or who shall exercise as aforesaid the powers of government in France; or if any person residing or being in Ireland, shall knowingly and wilfully, during the said war, buy, or procure, or contrast or agree to buy, or procure, or cause to be bought or procured, or authorise or direct any other person or persons whomsoever, or wheresoever residing or being, to buy or procure, or contrast or agree to buy or or procure, or shall knowingly and wilfully aid or assist in buying or procuring, or authorising or directing to be bought or procured as aforesaid, for the purpose of being sent into any port or place within the dominions of France, or annexed thereto, or under the government of the persons ct-ercifing, or who shall exercise as aforesaid the powers of government in France, any arms, ordnance, ordnance flores, powder, bullets, pitch, tar, hemp, masts, timber, sail-cloth, cordage, coals, or salt petre, or any iron, lead, or copper, whether such iron, lead, or copper shall be wrought or-un-wronght, except cutlery ware, not being of the description of arms of any fort,^ and buttons, buckles, needles, japanned wares, toys, and trinkets also excepted, or any naval or military (lores whatsoever, or any note or bill, notes or bills of the governor and company of the bank of England, or the bank of Ireland, or any gold or silver bullion, or any gold or silver coin, either being coin current in this kingdom, or the coin of any other country, or any hay, draw, or forage, or any wheat, wheat flour, barley, barley-flour, maize, rice ground or unground, oats ground or unground, meal, corn, grain, peas, beans, potatoes, or any provisions fresh or salted, or any other provisions or victuals whatsoever, or any clothing, or any articles or materials of clothing intended for the use of any such armies, troops, fleets, ships or vessels as aforesaid, such persons knowing the same to be so intended, or any fadlery, boots, or shoes, or any leather wrought or unwrought, without license from the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland Von. XVI. 0 0, under

Chap. 30

o- buy, con* !«&, or proem*, tic. any aims, oul-nauciv'vc &c.

or hank n-iici

of Eni'laiiJ or Ireland, orgoM or (tiver Irulliun or coin, or hay, &c.

or any provj* fii.i'.S wlut-forvtr j

or any chish*

i»g.

nr fiwJiery, boots or (,r

out licrijfc

798 The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

under his or their hands, or by order in council, or by pro-1793- clamation first had and obtained, specifying the articles with respect to which the same shall be had and obtained, and also from lord the place and places from which, and to which the said ar-&c.&c. ’ tides shall be sent, every person so offending, being thereof so^mlci""' Awfully convidcdor attainted, shall be deemed, declared, death, and adjudged to be a traitor, and shall suffer the pains of death, and also lose and forfeit as in cases of high treason. Hot to ex- If Provided always, That nothing herein before contain-dtfpofa! of shall extend, or be construed to extend to subject to any

produce«f pains or penalties, any person for any ad which shall be

'which such done in disposing of any articles the growth or produce of ^(except any lands in France, or in any of the places aforesaid to hcreaftnpro- which such person shall be entitled at the time of passing Milted) or of this act, or which shall afterwards come to such person by

articles in # 1 t j

France when any other title than such as herein after by this act is prohi-

th'8atl|8ircd':bited, or to any ad which shall be done in disposing of any

sof the articles herein before specified, which at the time

of passing this act were in France, or in any of the places

aforesaid.

Personstn-

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, any agree- That if any person residing, or being in Ireland during the Ss,'&c. 7n continuance of the said war, shall knowingly and wilfully France, &c. jn own name> or |n f^jug or names of any other or others, buy, or enter into any contract or agreement to buy, or authorise or direct, or canfe any person or persons whomsoever, or wheresoever resident or being, to buy or contract, or agree to buy any lands, tenements, rents, or hereditaments, or real or immoveable property whatsoever, situate, lying, or being within the dominions of France in Europe, or in any territory or place in Europe annexed to France, or under the government of the persons exercising, or who shall exercise the powers of government in France during the time such territory or place shall be so annexed, or under . such government, or any estate in any such lands, tenements, rents, or hereditaments, or real or immoveable property or lend or whatsoever, or shall lend or advance, or authorise or direct,

procure any

money, &c. or cause or procure any other person or persons whomsoever, any kind, for or wheresoever resident or being, to lend or advance any ofpropelty; money> coin, bullion, notes of the bank of England, or of the bank of Ireland, or bills of Exchange, or other notes er bills, or other valuable thing of any nature -or kind soever,

for,

The thirty-third Year of George III.

799

for, towards, or on account of the buying of any such lands, A.D. tenements, rents, or hereditaments, or real or immoveable ’/D)-property whatsoever, or any estate therein, or by way of loan, or otherwise on the specific security of any such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or real or immoveable property as aforesaid, or any eftale therein, or for, or towards, or on account of the buying of any such security or estate, or shall be aiding or assisting in so buying as aforesaid, or in making, craidi'rE,&c. authorising, or directing, or causing to be made any such rai" buying, contrail, agreement, advancement, or loan as aforesaid, every such person so offending as aforesaid, being thereof convicted or attainted by due course of law, shall be deemed, declared, and adjudged to be a traitor, and shall suffer pains of death, and also lose and forfeit as in cases of high treason j and if any person being a subject of his Ma- subjectimt icily, and out of his Majesty's dominions, shall in any such manner as aforesaid, make or authorise, direct, procure, or cause to be made any such buying, contrail, agreement, jj* loan, or advancement as aforesaid, or shall aid or assist ikir mum. therein, and shall afterwards voluntarily return or come to this kingdom, every such person so returning, or coming to this kingdom, being thereof convicted or attainted by due course of law, shall be deemed, declared, and adjudged to be a traitor, and shall suffer pains of death, and also lose and forfeit as in cases of high treason.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Su'.ptw That if any person being a subject of his Majesty, shall, (bailee* during the continuance of the said war, without license from "fcoul *ll‘ his Majesty, under his Cgn manual, or by order in council, or proclamation first had and obtained, (such license to be subject to no fee or charge whatsoever, voluntarily go, or repair, or embark in any vessel with an intent to go or repair from any place in Ireland into France, or any town or place annexed to France, or under the government of the or who (Ml persons exercising, or who shall exercise the powers of go- aiu/u,* vernment in France, or having obtained such license as afore- "'"'jj'i’u’ f said, shall willingly abide in France, or any such town or lic,'l:lc> place as aforesaid, after the time which shall be specified in such license, if the same shall be granted for a limited time only, or shall voluntarily go, or repair to any town, place, »'?»'»/ or district in France, or annexed to, or under the govern- K.un.n- ment of the persons exercising, or who shall exercise the ^,fc'd,!"i,c9Q, 2 powers

8oo A.D.

793-Chap. 30,

Pci Tons refilling in this kingdom* Avho insure, or cause to be insured French ships, &c.

or any arms, &c. Sec.

(exception)

or naval storer, &c.

fiu-b i.»ru-

rance void, and pa Ton imprisonul j mouths.

JutKces of courts at Dublin, or barons may admit to bail

The thirty-third Year of George III.

powers of government in France, other than such towns, places, or districts, as shall be specified in such license, if any such town, place, or district shall be specified therein, every person so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall be adjudged to be imprisoned, and shall be imprisoned for any time not exceeding six months.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That during the continuance of the said war, if any person residing, or being in this kingdom, shall knowingly and wilfully insure, or cause, or procure to be insured, or aid or assist in insuring, or causing or procuring to be insured, or authorise or direct any person or persons whomsoever or wheresoever resident or being, to insure, or cause or procure to be insured and ship or ships, goods, wares, or commodities whatsoever, belonging to any subject or subjects in France, or to any person or persons under the government of the persons exercising the powers of government in France, on any voyage whatsoever, or any arms, ordnance, ordnance flores, powder, bullets, pitch, tar, hemp, malls, timber, sail-cloth, cordage, coals, or salt-petre, or any iron, lead, or copper, whether such iron, lead, or copper shall be wrought or unwrought, except cutlery ware, not being of the description of arms of any fort, and buttons, buckles, needles, japanned wares, toys and trinkets, also excepted, or any naval or military flores whatsoever, or any gold or silver' bullion, or any gold or silver coin of this kingdom, or of any other country, or any hay, straw, or forage, or any wheat, wheat flour, barley, barley-flour, maize, rice ground or unground,' oats ground or unground, meal, corn, grain, peas, beans, potatoes, or any other provisions fresh or salted, or other provisions or victuals whatsoever, or any fad-lery, boots or fhocs, or leather wrought or unwrought, on any voyage from any part of the world to any port or place in France, or any port or place annexed to France, or under the government of the persons exercising, or who shall exercise the powers of government in France, not only such insurance shall be null and void to all intents and purposes, but also every person so offending, being thereof convicted, shall be adjudged to be imprisoned, and shall be imprisoned for any time not exceeding three months.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any person shall be committed for any offence

3 against

The thirty-third Year of George III.

against this act, to any common gaol, or other place, there to remain until delivered by due course of law, it tliall and may be lawful for any of the justices of his Majesty's courts at Dublin, or for any of the barons of the exchequer, if upon application made he shall think it reasonable, to admit such person to bail, he or flic giving fccurily for his or her appearance, to anftver the matters wherewith he or she may be charged.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any offence against this act committed out of this realm, may be alledged, and laid, enquired of,' and tried in any county of this realm, and that all and every person or persons that thall at any time be accused, or indicted, or prosecuted for any offence made or declared to be treason by this act, shall be entitled to the benefit of an act of parliament made in the fifth year of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for the better regulating of trials in cases of high treason, under the statute of the twenty-fifth of Edward the third.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further cnaftsd, That nothing herein contained tliall extend, or be confirued to extend to any act which shall be done in his Majesty's fervico by any person or persons who tliall be employed therein, or to any act which shall be done in aiding or ailifting any tucll person or persons whilst so employed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this act thall take place and have commencement on the second day of July, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, as to all acts which shall be dene by any person whomsoever in this kingdom, or which shall be done in any parts out of this kingdom, by any person who tliall have been in this kingdom at any time after the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and during the continuance of this act, and thall take place and have commencement on the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, as to all acts which shall be done in any part, of F.a, rope, other than Ireland, by any person who thall not have been in Ireland between the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and-ninety-three, and the fiift day. of August, one thousand seven. hundred, and ninety-three, and1 shall take place-and have commencement on. the first day of October,- one {jionfand seven hundred. and ninety-three, as to all acts which shall be done in any parts- of the world out of Eu-

Vol. XVI.9R rope,

Oficooct command out of I Me

lea’m m^y he t.icd any county{ person' pc-cufetl to tiavr the benefit of

3-

Kut to extend to act* dune m his Majesty\fer-rice.

I.»com-(twice on :d

J"ir. >195.

a' 10 lifts done in ltd* i kingdom, or out of it by pr'foii* who were in it lincc ill June, *79} i

and on I ft

a- to act* in £uropc,vthrr it-ar* lrc'anti, by peifynj who have net been in Ifc* land b-tween l It'June and

iff A»g.

and ou iS Oft 1793, ss to aftt. out of Einopc and not beyond llic Cape «»f OwjJ Hurd;

8o2 2"he thirty-third Year of George III.'

A.D.

rope, and not beyond the Cape of Good Hope, by any per-foi> who shall not have been in Ireland between the first day rmlomil of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and ,tJa'su7|Ie- the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and nfCooJ^1* n'nety-three, and shall take place and have commencement l-lopt, by on the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and

{icrfon not in 4 4

Ireland, be- ninety-four, as to all acts which shall have heen done in any lnd^Aug.C parts of the world beyond the Cape of Good Hope, by any Jits- person who shall not have been in Ireland between the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-three.

Thfcaa "X. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall and

*nay l>c re-

rca'this may be lawful to repeal, vary, or alter this act, or any clause, matter, or thing therein contained, during this present session of parliament.

CHAP. XXXI.

An Act for regulating the Trade of Ireland, to and from the F.ajl Indies, under certain Conditions and Provisions, for a Time therein mentioned.

Preamble, WHEREAS by an act passed in the parliament of Great Britain, entitled, An act for continuing in Ufn a£ifthe East India company for a further term, the possession of the Br-rtifii territories in India, together with their exclufve trade ' under certain limitations, for establishing further regulations

; for the government of the fat'd territories, and the better administration of juf ice within the same, for appropriating to certain vfes the revenues and profits of the said company, and for making provision for the good order and government of the towns of Calcutta, Madras and Bombay, the united company of mer-F.alt India chants of England, trading to the East Indies, have obtain1 company, c(j a prolongation of their term and interest in their whole',

have obtained 1

prolong!- foie, and exclusive trade to the fame East Indies-and other y«r. from parts, within the limits described by their charter from King iftMar.1794; William the third, under certain limitations.:and restrictions,"

for the term of twenty, years, from the first..-day of March; one thousand seven hundred-and ninety-four, subject to be' determined at for after that period, on three years notice to’

be

The thirty-third Year of George III. 80 5

be given by the parliament of Great Britain for that pur- A.D. pose: and whereas the confirming by an act of the legifla-1793-lure of this kingdom, the exclusive privileges of the said company, upon the terms, and subject to the several limitations, provisions, regulations, and conditions in and by this , aft tnade, expressed, enacted, or provided, will conduce- to the strength and wealth of the British empire, so cflcntial to the advancement of the trade and prosperity of this kingdom; and it is therefore expedient that the said privileges should be comfirmed accordingly, may it therefore please your Majesty that it may he enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from henceforth, for and d unng during kit! the further term granted by the said receited act, to the said mh :h:r'enf company, in their said exclusive trade, or for so much of the said term as his Majesty's subjects of this kingdom shall '"i"r eri'"-have, hold, and enjoy, the several privileges, benefits, and h-veii, fp-ci-advantages of trade, according to the provisions and regu- priVilVircof' lations, and subject to the conditions and restrictions in this £jll,n'*',he

aft expressed, contained,

Etill Indie),

specified, and the true intent P|a"*

1 # [utwcrii tlte

and meaning of the fame, and not other wise, the whole, CapcofOoui foie, and exclusive trade and traffic, and the only liberty, SrSsof use, and privilege of trading, trafficking, and exercising the trade or business of merchandize into and from the Bast ffi- frwtbyfal

cumpjny,

dies, and into and' from all the islands, ports, havens, coasts, cities, towns and places between the Cape of Good Hope, and the Straits of Magallan, and limits in the aforesaid charter granted to the said company by his late Majesty William the third, on the fifth day of December, in the tenth year of his reign, in as ample and beneficial manner, as the said company could thereby, or otherwise lawfully trade thereto, subject as aforesaid, shall and may be Iliad, used, and enjoyed, and be continued to be-had, used, anil enjoyed, by the said company and their successors; and that the said 'East Indies,'or the islands, ports, havens, coasts, J"j cities, towns, and places within the limits aforesaid; or-any to j;c nf.mrj

1 71 < J Hi lij- funjvUTj

of them> shall not from henceforth.at any time during the of lies U#. ’continuance of this act, be repaired,' failed to, visited, fre- i,.n cpiented, or haunted'by anj' of his Majesty's subjects, of or 'belonging to this..kingdomv other.wife.than as js by this act

9

all power*, j&C of bid company* to be btndtngi Ac. on lulh itdrjefls;

Any of his Majesty's fub-jcdts may export in company’s ships, freighted at' Cork* to places herein named, produce of his dominions in Europe, except as hereafter.

Tbs thu ij-ifjird Yiar of George III.

in that behalf provided, under the several pains and penalties ItCreby imposed, or to be incurred in respect thereof; and that all and Angular the powers, benefits, advantages, privileges, franchises, abilities, capacities, authorities, rights, provisione, matters and things whatsoever, to the said company belonging, or vested in them, for the better or more effectually settling and securing to them and their successors, the whole, foie, and exclusive trade to and from the East Indies, and other parts within the limits aforesaid, and for preventing any trade or traffic into or from the same, contrary to the said charter, shall by force and virtue of this a<$, and during the continuance of the fame, be accepted, used, observed, and executed in this kingdom, and be binding upon all his Majesty's subjects, of or belonging to this his realm of Ireland.

II. Provided always, That during the continuance of the said exclusive trade in the said company, subject as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for any of his Majesty's subjects to export on their own proper risque and account, in the fblps of the said company, or in ships freighted by the said company, from the port of Cork, or to any of the ports or places usually vifi.ted by ships in the service of the said Company, on the several coasts of Malabar and Coromandel, or in the bay of Bengal in the East Indies, on the island of Sumatra, any goods, wares, or merchandize, of the growth, produce, or manufacture of his Majesty's dominions in Europe, save and except as is herein after otherwise specially provided.

III. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That during

Not to ex-

toptom any ^'e continuance of this act, it shall not be lawful for any of floreT&c ^’s MaJefly’s fu^Je^s> of or belonging to this kingdom, un-without a li- less by the special leave and license in writing for that pur-fi-mpany. pose obtained fresh the said company; to export, ship, or carry out stem this kingdom, to the East Indies, or other parts within the limits of the said exclusive trade, any military flores, ammunition, malls, spars, cordage, anchors, pitch, tar, or copper, except as is herein after provided.

IV. Provided always, That if under any provisions or regulations made, or to be hereafter made by the said company, er by his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or by any hcKafer hid persons deriving authority from his. Majesty, his heirs or fuc-optn to indi- ce{fors) or jjy any provisions made, or to be made- by the 3 parliament

If the export trade of miKtaty floret,mails,

&c. Arc. be

The tlhly-tlird Year of George III. 8oj

parliament of Great Britain, or under their authority, the A.D. export trade to the Bast Indies, of or in military flores, am- 1793-munition, marts, spars, cordage, anchors, pitch, tar, or copper, or of any of them, flr.ill, during the continuance of 'l,!"a.1, G'

' ° Bun'll, dur*

this act, "be in part, or in the whole, laid open to, or be »s thl* aft,

itflylibcalfj

permitted to be enjoyed or carried on by individuals in Great nit open 10 Britain, that then and in such case, the trade therein, or in in-' so many of the said articles as shall lie so permitted to be carried on by individuals in private trade in Great Britain, shall be also laid open to, and be permitted to be enjoyed by his Majesty's subjects in Ireland, to the fame extent, and in the like manner, and under the like incumbrances or benefits of duties, or bounties, regulations and conditions, as shall be enjoyed or permitted to be'carried on by individuals in Great Britain, and no o'thcnvife, nor in any other manner.

V. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing herein N.iitopu>-

contained shall extend to prohibit the exportation of marts, pnaiinnoY

spars, cordage, anchors, pitch and tar, from this kingdom,

by any individual in the ships of the said company, or cm- 'I' tlne' ' ' r r j cum-

ployed in their service, under such orders and regulations foil’* to be made by the board of commissioners for the affairs of ,i; i,:u.l ,f India, as they are empowered to make in this behalf, by the said herein before recited act, upon any representation Jiber""-made to the said board, by any Britishi or irish manufacturers, of any failure or default in the said company of exporting any of the said articles, to a sufficient and reasonable extent, in quantity or value.

VI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing here- Notuprc-

vent cxpoiU-

ih contained shall extend to prohibit the exportation of copper tio»of cop. from this kingdom, in the ships of the said company, or em- rvis ployed in their service, by any individual who shall be Ii- ^c"'n'ni(S' confect to export the fame, by the commissioners for the affairs of India, who are hereby empowered to license individuals to export the fame, to such reasonable extent in quantity and value, as they shall deem expedient, such copper to be exported in ships to be provided by the said company; (mt of

and in case the said commissioners shall grant such licenses such copper . . r , not to be coa-

as aforesaid, then and in such case the tonnage to be pro- fidercdai

vided by the said company for the export of the quantity of be*

copper comprized in such licenses, shall not be considered

Vol. XVI.9S to aU":°mP

8c 6

The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

T9?r Chap. 31,

CC tons 0? flipping to Ik r-rn-vsriftJ ya?.'S/

l»y Oiiti I'um-

lot car* lying pnmh from C’oik to the lull l» (lies; nnJ the nut! ns tli. ciof, c:n<.i's nf oiheis from

'tli-.'i*ce lo G. Uriiain, if fiiitl tjuan-tity of lon-

nngo he more or lifts I linn

fiifliriettt, company to pmvicK* according to ‘riirrltinns

'from com-

mufionas;

to be a part of the tonnage herein after mentioned to be provider! by the said company.

VII. Provided also, That the said company do in the proper season of every year, provide and appropriate eight hundred tons of flapping at the least, for the specific purposes of carrying from the port of Cork to the East Indies, stich goods, wares, and merchandizes, as may be lawfully exported by individuals resident in this kingdom, and for bringing back from thence to Great Britain, as well the returns of the fame, as liketvife the goods of other persons entitled to trade therein.

VIII. Provided always, That if the said quantity of tonnage shall be found insufficient for the carriage from the port of Cork to the East Indies, -of such goods, wares, and merchandize, as may be lawfully exported from thence to the 'East Indies, and for bringing back from thence to Great Britain, as well the returns for the fame, as -likewise the goods of other persons entitled to export the fame into Great Britain, by virtue of the said recited act, or shall be found to be more than sufficient fer the carriage of such private trade, export or import, the said company shall, from time to time, find and provide such an additional quantity of tonnage, or lessen the quantity of tonnage lo be provided for the carriage of the said private trade, as the said hoard of commissioners for the affairs of India fk-all, upon any representation made to them, order and direct; and that for the more convenient

carriage of such goods and commodities of Ireland to the

one of the company's East Indies, to be exported in private trade, the said united EnTships company do cause one or more of their outward bound ("oiThe- flPs to touc'h at the port of Cork, between the month ol tween oa. October, and the month of February in every vear, for the

and reb. r £ '

every year, pnrpose of receiving on board the goods and 'Commodities gnods'to'ilie aforesaid, of and 'belonging to his Majesty's fubiefls in Irc-8co"on®ftn lanck *n private trade, to the extent of eight hundred tons Indircfled' burthen as aforesaid, in the whole, and provided that the tonnage of such ftiip or ships, or so much thereof as shall be required, by notices to be given in the manner, and upon the conditions herein after expressed, shall be set apart for such private trade accordingly; and the said goods and commodities which shall be taken on board the said ftiip or ships in private trade, shall not be again unshipped, until the delivery

The thirty-third Year of George III.

livery thereof at Bombay, Madras, or Calcutta, accord ins; to the dellinations of the fame respectively, imlcfs in cases of abiolate necessity, the proof of which necessity shall lie upon the mailers and commanders, or other officers having the chief command of such snip or ships.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no person in this kingdom Hull be entitled to share or participate in the tonnage of such ffiip or ships, unless he or they shall, before the first day of August in each year, next preceding the time hereby appointed for such ship or ships to arrive at the port of Cork as aforesaid, give notice in writing to the chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenue in this kingdom, of the quantity of tonnage by him or them required respectively, which notice the said commissioners are hereby required to transmit to the chief secretary of the said company, on or before the first of September following; nor unless the person or persons giving such notice as aforesaid, shall, on or before the first day of October next after the delivery of such notice, deposite or pay to the said company, at their office in London, the amount of the freight for the carriage of the goods and commodities according to the quantity of tonnage by him or them respectively required as aforesaid, or otherwise secure the payment thereof, to the satisfaction of the said company, and also on or before the first day of October, furnish and deliver to the chief secretary of the said company, lifts of the several forts and quantities of goods intended to be shipped at the said port, and the time when such goods will be ready to be put on board, and the place and places of their destination in India, and the name and place of abode of some agent in London, authorised to act for him or them; and if more tonnage at the port of Cork shall be required or demanded by his Majesty's subjects in this kingdom, in any one year, than eight hundred tons, the directors of the said company shall and may distribute among! the persons who shall have given such notices, and complied with the conditions aforesaid, the whole quantity of tonnage in proportion to the quantities by them respectively required by such notice, whereof a notice in writing shall be given to the f.iid persons, or their respective agents by them named and employed in their said concerns as aforesaid, on or before the fifteenth day of September; and that9S 2 nc

807

A.D. 1793. Chap. 31.

if mote linn 800 tons be required, cut:r>:«y tnj)* Jid’ibtite

fm* ivfi., fuve complied, of

winch notice to In* ";\n» ih-it’.t ttr tlntir Rir.-nto, held: c 15

8:8 A.D.

(ili ip 31.

fr. i'i'Ih frt.m Grk fume Bi hum G. I;»i-t<*in cx'x-pt lliip. -ire 'ic-tumwd;

~ fvh not trtii. wi.fiiil

lOtbys .-»fur

r.?tiv,i| of

‘I'l-o-

l.l-yl'KlJC foi feited and town t»e.

Oil requi* fjtiun to maf-U‘!5» and com-nuuuiers, lo Uciain oil tie* tmnege, &c. and they and tile Agent comply, Ac. on ikpoliting amount of demurrage, they may wait

14 days.

If company tilablifo an egent at Cork, no

'j ie thir'.y-tlh d Year of George III.

no greater or other rate of freight for the carriage of the salt! goods and commodities from the fair! port of Cork, shall he demanded or charged, than shall by law be then payable by private traders in Great Britain, for the freight of goods shipped for India in the port of London, save only and except in the event fcf any detention of the said ship or ships, as is herein after provided for; and that if any of the persons requiring part of the tonnage of such ship or ships, shall make failure of providing his goods and commodities to be ready to be (flipped at the said port, within the space of ten days next after the day of the arrival of such ship or ships respectively, in the said port of Cork, the deposite made, or feeurily given to the said company for the said freightage, and also the tonnage which the person or persons making such default, was or were entitled unto, shall be forfeited to the said company.

X. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further en-a£led, That if any person or persons who shall not have provided his or their said goods or commodities within the time hereby limited-for that purpose, shall make requisition to the matter or matters, and commander or commanders of such ship or ships, and desire to detain the fame on demurrage, at his or their own proper charge; and if the said matter or matters, and commander or commanders, and the said company’s agent, shall concur in opinion that the detaining of such ship or ships will not be injurious to the said company, or to any of the owners of the private trade goods laden therein; and if the person or persons making such requisition, shall deposite or pay the full demurrage for the detention of such ship or ships, into the hands of the said matter or matters, and commander or commanders, or of such agent at the said port of Cork, as the said company shall appoint for that purpose, or authorise to receive the same, and upon the conditions aforesaid, and not otherwise, it shall be lawful for the said matter or matters, and commander or commanders, to wait a further time at the said port, not exceeding the space of fourteen days, for receiving on board the goods and commodities of the person or persons so entitled to tonnage, and making such requisition as aforesaid.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the said company final! ettabiiih at the said port of Cork, an

The thirty-third l'ear of George III.

agent for registering private trade goods in books to be kept for the use of the said company, no fitch goods stall be put on board any ft ip to be provided by the said company at the port of Cork, unless such goods stall be duly teglftered in such books; in which registry stall be described the marks and numbers of each bale or package of goods so ftipped, and the amount of the tonnage of all the goods flipped by each merchant and manufacturer; and an order or license in writing stall be given under the hand of the said agent, for the shipping of such goods; and all goods which shall be ftipped at the said port of Cork, (not being the proper goods of the said companyj, without being so registered, stall be deemed as goods illicitly ftipped, and such goods stall be subject to such seizure and forfeiture, and the owners, flippers, and agents concerned therein, to such forfeitures and penalties as may be incurred under the provisions of this act, for illicitly trading or trafficking to, in, or from the East Indies, or parts aforesaid.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, Thall all persons in this kingdom intending to export any goods from any port or place in the East Indies, to Great Britain, pursuant to the provisions of the said recited act, stall by his known agent or factor, signify the fame by notice in writing to the chief secretary of the presidency in India, wherein the same are to be flipped, or to such person as shall be spe-cialiy authorised to receive the same by the respective governments abfoad, within such reasonable and convenient time, as shall be Unfitted by the said respective governments for that purpose, in which notice stall be specified the forts’ and quantities of goods intended to be ftipped, the quantity of tonnage required, and the period when the,goods will he ready to be put on board; and that every such person giving such notice, stall make a deposite at the treasury of such presidency or settlement respectively, of the whole amount of the freight, according to the rate then payable by private traders in Great Britain, upon the quantity of tonnage specified in the said notice, or otherwise give such reasonable security for the payment thereof in Great Britain, and the due performance of his engagements in that behalf, as the said respective governments stall require; and if any of the persons giving such notice, stall not provide his or their goods to be ftipped within the time or times therein specifi-

Vol. XVI.9T cd

der fur {hip-pill*

goods nut fv> registercsl, ticcinct! illi. <«)' fiiipjitd;

Persons ii)

lfit* kingdom to signify lo chief leec* wry in India, *m other j>;rson atitlit). ufid, (lie forts a ml quantities of gmi so to he expo tvJ to G Bni.&c,

amount of freight to h« dtpofiud or feeultd, ire*

if gaiM hi not icjUy within the' time, tle.n-

fif <tmi I Hi-

fotlnl-

eiJ*

No Vvficl rjo dear out this

to

iiiiy [>b'’e

\iitbiw limits t f < umpuny’s i xch-lite trails, but lalniitfhi; to,

Cl llCCilf.d by

iliJii: t o j^ood5,

«. c. frum iVd (ctintiiifi or poits to be larded in 'his kingdom, I ut bid) sis la Jen lit the poit of Loiuhui in Ihitifii or 11ilh vclids;

*fhi)»5i poodsi &c. failing to <jr fior.i (bid Countries contrary Iurmiito, ibrfdtid J i moiety to company, the other to permit filin'*}

oflicets conniving, or col* liilively delaying prosecution after seizure, for* feit 590). and rendered incapable.

TLc thirty-tlircl Year if Georrc III.

cd for (list purpose, their riepofites made, or feenrities giver, for the freight, together with the tonnage required by such notice, shall he forfeited to the said company.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That duiing the continuance of this act, no ship or veffc!' shall be permitted or allowed to clear out from any port or place in this kingdom, for any of the countries or ports within the limits of the cxchtfive trade of the said company, but such as shall belong to, or be employed by the said company, or shall lie licensed thereto, in manner herein after provided; and that no goods, wares, or merchandizes of the growth, product, or manufacture of the said countries or ports, exported from thence, shall be permitted or allowed to be carried to, or imported into, or landed in this kingdom, but such only as shall be truly and without fraud, laden and shipped at the port of London, in British or Irish /flips, navigated according to law, under the penalty of forfeiture of every such ship or vefltl which shall fail from this kingdom, or attempt so to do, for any of the said countries or parts as shall come into any port in this kingdom, contrary to ike provisions of this act, together with the goods, tackle, and furniture, laden on board of, or belonging to the fame, and also of all and every the goods, wares, or merchandizes which shall be so unlawfully exported from, or imported into, or-landed in this kingdom, contrary to this act, and to the true intent and meaning thereof; and that every such ship or vetted, goods and commodities so forfeited, shall and may be seized, and the fame, or the value thereof respectively, shall and may be filed for and recovered in any of his Majesty's courts in this kingdom, or in any court of competent jurisdiction in the East Indies, by bill, plaint or information, wherein no eflbign, protection, or wager of law shall be allowed, nor more than one imparlance, one moiety of which forfeiture shall be to the use of the said company, and the other moiety to him or them who shall seize or sue for the same; and if any officer or officers of the customs or revenues in this kingdom, shall willingly or knowingly connive at, suffer, or permit any ship or vessel as aforesaid, to fail from, or quit any port in this kingdom, for the purposes aforesaid, or any such goods or commodities as aforesaid, to be fraudulently imported or landed in this kingdom, contrary to the dirediens and provisions of this act; or if

any

or dcfifti.-.g, or delaying

The ibirlj-ihird Year of George III. 811

any such officer or officers shall fl-ize any such flop or vessel, A- D-nrany such goods or commodities, and shall by fraud or collation clefi (1 from, or delay the prosecution thereof to condemnation, he or they so conniving, fuiTering, or permitting shall forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds, to be filed for and recovered in the manner lift aforesaid, one moiety whereof shall belong to the said company, and the other moiety to him or them who (liali sue for the same; and such officer or officers being convicted of the said offence or offences, shall be rendered incapable of holding any office or employment in this kingdom, tinder his Majesty, his heirs, or successors.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no-

N- *> p'c -

tlnng herein contained shall extend to prohibit the importing van tii.-«»-or landing in this kingdom, of any dye stuffs, cotton wool, or other wool, and spiceries brought or imported from the continent f.n of Europe, or any other foreign country, which may by any "") c0;j,l,n' law now in being, be imported from the said continent, or iii.yn..« miy other foreign country into this kingdom.

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all Dr«!>.v'< goods, wares, and merchandizes, of the growth, product, ,i,m .1. or mamifaflurc of the East Indies, or other parts within the

limits of the charter of the said company, which have been, >;B-r1

or shall at any time or times hereafter, under the provisions of this 'aft, be imported into this kingdom, and shall he i.-iwk.! «iiii

1 . ° t', j|,.(;

exported from thence, to any British plantation in America or the West Indies, --or any British fetilement on the coast of Africa, shall draw back so much of the duties paid on the importation thereof into this kingdom, as shall leave the remainder of such duties equal to the amount of the duties retained in Great Britain, on goods and commodities of like quality and quantity exported from Great Britain, to the fame plantations or settlements respectively; and that if the pita

4 4 t , 1 " o.i imp ir;a

duties paid on the importation of any such goods or commo-ti.n o- vq-iai dities into this kingdom, shall be exaQly equal to the duties [".‘‘"j'j" J'j] so retained in Great Britain, then and in every such case,?"'!"’,'"

7 ' dfSAli.'Crt on such goods and commodities shall not receive any drawback on such exportation from this kingdom as aforesaid; and ifa‘^;|'i;'n0 the-duties paid on the importation of any such goods or com- >» moditres, shall not be equal to the duties so retained in Great i.imC Brit. Britain, that then and in every such case, such goods and Scpa!'tll^ commodities shall not only not receive any drawback on such

T a

their

i

813 The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

their exportation from this kingdom, but shall also pay such 1793> duties on bfing so exported, as together with the duties paid on their importation into this kingdom, shall equal the duties taimcl in G. f0 retained in Great Britain.

"* Anrircn' ^VI. Prov*ded always. That in calculating the said <iu-imalaiWng, ties and drawbacks on the said goods and commodities so to

so as that , c

be exported from this kingdom, due attention mall be given jVand,'shall to, and allowance made for any duty or imposition, or any ino.mi'wJ Part l^e l"aine which shall be retained in Great Britain, or - will di.iiw not drawn back, or not compensated by bounty in Great

than goods ' J

fiomC.liiii. Britain, upon the export of any such goods or commodities from thence to this kingdom, as also for any duty paid on the importation of any such goods or commodities into this kingdom, so as the said goods or commodities respectively, be not so exported from this kingdom, with less incumbrance of duties or impositions than now do, or hereafter shall remain upon the like goods, when legally exported from Great Britain, to the fame parts or places.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the commissioners

Com of

re». toraufc of his Majesty's revenue in this kingdom, shall form, or

(iiawiiacka cause to be formed, one or more table or tables, schedule tuhe foimnl, or schedules, with all convenient speed, of the several draw-backs so to be allowed, and duties so to be paid on the export from tins kingdom, of the said goods and commodities of the growth, produce, or manufacture of the East Indies, or other parts beyond the Cape of Good Hope, within the limits of the charter of the said company, to any Britishi plantation in America, or the West Indies, or any Britishi feltlement on the coast of Africa, which shall have been imported into this kingdom, and that so soon as the said tables or schedules, or any of them, shall be formed, they shall be signed by four of the commissioners at lealt; and that from and after the day whereon such tables or schedules shall be so signed, the several drawbacks shall be allowed, and duties paid, as respectively mentioned therein, upon the export as aforesaid, of the several goods and commodities therein mentioned, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes, as if the fame were specificaliy enacted and enumerated in this act, any law, statute, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding, and: subject to the like remedies, regulations and restrictions, as any duties imposed, or drawbacks allowed by any of the revenue, acts in force in this 3 kingdom

k-v iiguku ivy

ccinnitJfi-

after tallies arc signed, drawbacks and duties shall be paid oil export, as is herein enadfccd;

The thirty-third Year of George III. 8 r 3

kingdom are subject unto; and that two duplicates of every A.D. such table or schedule, shall also be at the same time signed as '79J-aforesaid, one of which duplicates shall be deposited with the clerk of the house of commons of this kingdom, to be -

of ejcii table

by him laid before the said house ihc next fdfion of par- to il^ned, liament, and the other of such duplicates transmitted to IkhdnTof the chief secretary of the court of directors of the said company. oUkt ir.

1 . mittcJ to cl*.

XVIII. Provided also, That the court of direfiors of the fcc.nf»owt said company, upon any representalion by, or on the behalf of t'ai.l com-of any private traders of this kingdom, of the want of a '"cmn of sufficient number of persons in the Fall Indies, duly audio- <m

r - teptcU-nu-

rifed, and-properly qualified to act for them, in the disposal >io»ufa

of their cargoes, and the purchase and inveflments of goods ;i;nt perils

in return for the fame, do licer.fe a further number of persons to reside in India, in the character of free merchants,

point fmll,

to the satisfaction of the private traders of this kingdom, fr'ra-'-

‘ . s lion of :i ,.

or in default of the said court of directors licensing such d.-rs in iiii« persons so that the board of commissioners for the affairs of ll,","'"j. India, upon a like representalion to be for that purpose made to the secretary of the said board, or to the chief fc- "f cretary of his excellency the lord lieutenant, or oiucr chief us for ludia. governor or chief governors of this kingdom for the time being, to be by him transmitted to the secretary of the said board of commissioners for the affairs of India, do license a proper and sufficient number of persons to reside at their settlements in the East Indies, in the character of free merchants, with the approbation of the said board.

XIX. Provided also, That if during the continuance of

u Jinn of ter-

this act, any ccfiion of territory shall be obtained by the mm. !>< »b. said company, from the Chinese government, and a new 11,:, f0

feltlemcnl shall be made by the said company, upon such territory, distiect and feoarate from the continent of China,

* is I'.'.fiJidOtH

and wholly free from any jurisdiction of authority of the Chinese government, in that case, and so long as the fame [ Tli tr(i1 tis shall so remain to the said company, it shall and may be lawful for any of his Majesty's subjects of, or belonging to this kingdom, under such regulations and refiridions ra shall be approved by the board of commissioners for the auai-s of India, to export British and Iiifii goods and commodities in the ships of the said company, at a moderate rate of freight,

the fame being consigned to the company’s super-cargoc-s, or Vo i,. XVI. " q V " such

im ftibjcci of this Kii-udoin to ici'ult lit pi,las fi>

a dal, or communicate villi any pl.i‘-u in Clmiii. who

is not a l(.r« vaiit of frill company, or iicciiful.

1 low far vifiVIs (tuple)} ed m tin? JcmluTii

VII.llf

-ay limy pro-iTol under certain re-illifttoiis.

Tor encou-rajriment of tunic 10 the N. W. coail of America &c. unde' limitations

it) Convention

The lhirl\-third Year of ' George III.

such other persons as the said company, with the approbation of the said board of commissioners, shall licensc to re-fide at such fettkment, for that purpose only; and provided that all and every of such persons so licensed, shall be prohibited from having any connexion or intercourse with the continent of China, and front carrying on any other trade or concern whatever, save and except the sale of Britiftl and liifli goods and commodities before mentioned, and from all interference with the affairs of the said company; and that all such persons shall enter into the like covenants with the said company, or other free merchants by them licensed, or such other covenants as stir.ll be required by the said court of directers in that behalf, and also into a special engagement, if the same shall be required, for paying the net proceeds of the sales of such goods and commodities into the treasury of the said company, at such new settlement, for bills of exchange, payable by the said company in Great Britain, to be drawn at the actual rale of exchange at the time; and that no person cr subject of this kingdom, shall be permitted to reside in any place or places' so ceded, or to trade or communicate with any port or place in China, who is not a servant of the said Company, or who is not licensed by them to act as aforesaid.

XX. Provided also, That during the continuance of this act, it shall and may be lawful for any ship of, or belonging to any of his Majesty's subjects in this kingdom, which shall be employed in carrying on the southern whale fishery, to fail or pass into the pacilic ocean by Cape Horn, to the northward of the equator; provided that such ship shall not proceed further weft than one hundred and eighty degrees of longitude from London, and that in every such case, any ship belonging to this kingdom, to be employed in the said fishery, shall first obtain from the said company, a like li-confe as Britishi flaps arc, or shall be obliged to take-in that behalf,' and shall be made subject to the like regulations, refiriflions, penalties and provisions, as Britishi ships employed in the said fishery arc, or may be subject or liable to respectively.

XXI. And for the further encouragement of trade to the north weft coast of America, and the islands adjacent, under the limitations contained in the convention, made by his Majesty with the King of Spain, of the twenty-eighth day

-of

t

The thbiy-ilird Year of George III. S15

of October, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, it A.D.

may be expedient that fllips fitted out in this kingdom for 1 "93-

with the lulu

Chap. V.

those parts, should in certain cases be permitted by license from the said company, to proceed from said coast and islands, direct to the said idles of Japan, and the coast, of 11 "pv hf "

J I_jiMiellt fof

Korea and Canton, there to dispose of their cargoes obtained tumii.ni), to on the said north weft coast of America', and to return from ,0 plaices! 10 thence to direct to the fame north weft coast, or islands adjacent, and there dispose of their returns in trade; the owners and commanders of such ships cnteiing into such co- mv.njms to venants with, and giving such fecuiity to the said cornpa- ;, Uo i,yo«n. ny, and submitting to be bound by such rules and regulations as shall appear to be heft adapted for preserving to the said company the excise and benefits of their commercial privileges, and conduce to the preservation of good order and regularity of the /hips company, and their observance of the laws prescribed by the native fates, during the continuance of such ships on the said coafis of Japan, Korea, and the river of Canton aforesaid; it is therefore hereby further provided, that in case the court of directors of the said ‘l" company shall form and lay before the board of commissioners for the affairs of India, such rules and regulations >ll,',lal as they shall think heft adapted for the purposes aforesaid, }i*jr|> tfcS and also the forms of such deeds of covenant or other fecu- J‘ 1 rities as the said court of directors shall judge to be proper or necessary to be entered into, or given for the due observance thereof, by the owners and commanders of ships to be licensed as aforesaid, then all such orders and instructions as the said board shall give to the said directors in relation thereto, shall be binding and valid, and the said owner, and commanders conforming themselves to the terms and conditions which shall be so prescribed, shall have and be entitled to such license or licenses, and that the said court of directors shall grant the fame accordingly, imlcfs on nnv rc-presentalion made by the said rfireflors to the said hoard of f"1c

* J 'Ct» >1-'. 4-

commissioners, containing any specific objections against th.c t'-1 granting of any such license, the said board shall order the c..a:c. lame to be withheld, in which case the said directors shall and may withhold or refuse the same.

XXII. Provided always, and be it ensiled, That such fe- Scant, curities as the said court of directors shall so judge to he inc.mtuf proper and necessary to be so entered into or given, shall lie |,

9U a " -entered t',1‘ ufu,

8:t'6 Th‘e thirty-third Year of George III.

A.B. entered into and £iven by persons resident in tills kingdom,

1793- before his Majesty's chief commissioners of revenue, and shall by thtln be ptreferved and kept for the use, and at the co'm-m tin-, king. jnand 'of the said company.

dom for laid J

company. XXifl. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That -power ptcti such rules and regulations to be so made for the purposes commanders, aforesaid, or any deeds of covenant, or other securities to be ciunpaninot Tequire’d, to be entered into, and given for observance there-jids kingdom, or shall not extend to veil in any council of super-cargoes,

in the easterrt 1 v

fcai, &c. than or other officers or this laid company, a greater power over Sn'Cfli'com-C’ any ships belonging to this kingdom, or the commanders,

pony’s service. 0jf[joel.S] or companies of the fame, in the eastern seas, or on the coasts of Japan, Korea, and China, which they shall be permitted to visit, according so the tenor of such licenses, than such as can,shall, or may lawfully be exercised by the said council of fupcr-cargocs, or other officers of the said company, in or over the ships employed by, or in the service of the said company, and the Britishi commanders, officers and men belonging thereto.

Israeli of

XXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the felling asVmifde-'"* or dispofmjj of any goods or merchandizes at any other place or mtmior, and p]aces t]1!m shall ]je mentioned and specified in any such licenscdor

parties to till- 1 1 '

any wilful breach of non-observance of any of the said rules or regulations, by any subject or subjects of this kingdom, shall be held as a mifdetueanor at law, and shall and may be punished as such, and that the parties offending therein, shall be deemed to have traded and trafficked unlawfully within the limits of the company’s cxciulive trade, and shall incur and fulTer the penalties and forfeitures by this a Cl imposed for illicitly trading or trafficking within the said limits, and shall ever and besides pay to the said company inch pecuniary penalties, as such offenders shall have incurred or forfeited, by any wilful breach, or non-observance of the flipula-tions contained in, and by the said deeds of covenant, or securities entered into, or given to the said company by force, and virtue of this act.

iranp Mi-

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any of the subjects of 2 °notm his Majesty, his heirs or successors of, or belonging to this king-cense.1 or t-m- doin, other than such as shall he licensed or employed by the said comply! ffiln united company, or shall be otherwise thereunto lawfully a uthorizeil, within Uwir ^ia^’ during the continuance of this act, directly or indirectly r, N i, toi v‘fiti haunt, frequent, trade, traffic, or- advehture to, in, he. 'shall be' or from the said haft Indies, Or other parts witluri the-limits of the fotfeited, and ^IJ

fer penalties for unlawful triffick, &c.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

Si

7

laid companies exclusive trade, all and every fr.ch offender or of- A.D.

fenders, shall incur the forfeiture and loss of all the ships and vcl- 1 79J-

fels belonging to, or employed by him or them respectively, with the guns, tackle, apparel, and furniture thereunto belonging, and

abb all the goods and merchandize laden thereupon, or which were 7*1

or shall be sent to, acquired, traded, trafficked, or adventuicd

1 ’ l

within the said East Indies, or parts aforesaid, and all the piocccds f.m r.:i..E, and effects of such goods and merchandize, and double the value thereof, to wit, one-fourth part of such forfeiture to the person or persons who shall seize, inform, or sue for the same, and the other three-fourth parts thereof, to the use of the said united company, they defraying thereout the charges of profeculion.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That every subject of his Ships, Majesty, his heirs or successors of, or belonging to this kingdom,

who shall go, fail, or repair to the said East Indies, or parts afore- [ 1"’C1 said, again! any of the provisions of this act, shall be deemed and afjii.il ihc accounted to have unlawfully traded and trafficked there, and all 7’^. the ships, goods, and merchandize which shall he employed there- ""d in, or shall be found in his, her, or their custody, or in the custody i r'h t ret of any other person or persons, by his, her, or their employment, &e‘

order, or procurement, shall and may be seized, and shall be for- t0l"i*anr-feited, together with double the value thereof, one-fourth part of which forfeiture shall belong to the person or persons who shall seize, inform, or sue for the same, and three-fourths thereof shall be to the use of the said united company, they thereout defraying the charges of prosecution.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any subject or sub- s.Aj-rUnf jeds of his Majesty; his heirs or successors of, or belonging to this kingdom, not being lawfully Licensed or authorized thereto, shall, found in fai.t during the continuance of this act, directly or indirectly go, fail. Sand Li' or repair to, or be found in the East Indies, or any of the parts on!oncti aforesaid, all, and every such person and persons are hereby declared to be guilty of a high crime and misdemeanor, and being convicted thereof, shall be liable to such fine or imprisonment, or

line and imprisonment as the court in which such person shall be convicted shall think fit; and in case a fine shall be imposed, one , ,f moiety thereof shall belong to the said united company, and the other moiety thereof to such person or persons as shall prosecute for cater to com-the said offence.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person being a Any

subject of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, shall go, fail, or re- io

pair to, or be found within the said East Indies, or parts aforesaid, laid P».u, against any of the provisions of this act, or of the said recited act,

Vol. XVL9X and d*

8i6

The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D. 1793.

Chap. 31.

nftei w^dt fntmd in this kingdom, may be committed until

and fluli afterwards be found within this kingdom, it shall and may be lawful to and for any one or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace, upon the information on oath of such offence, and he and they are hereby authorized and required to commit all and every such person or persons to the next county gaol, there to remain until. fufRcient security he given for the appearance of such baiiidro (l.md person or persons in the court in this kingdom, in which he or they !f coniletnl, shall, or may or prosecuted, in respect of such his or their

deemed guilty offence, and for his or their not troinc out of court, or out of this of a Ingli rail- 0 0

demeanor; kingdom, without the leave of such court, and every person who shall be convicted of any such offence, shall be deemed guilty of a company may high misdemeanor; and it shall and may be lawful to and for

arrtft persons found within the limits of their charter,

and deal with any county within the limits of their charter, and not subject to the laws of Great Britain, and to deal with such persons for the offence committed by them, against the true intent and meaning of this act.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the powers and authorities hereby given to the said company, of taking, arresting, and seizing any such person or persons as aforesaid, together with the power of seizing any ships, vessels, goods, merchandize, and effects, by this act made liable to seizure or forfeiture, shall and may be enforced and put in execution in the name of the said company, by the order and authority of the governor-general of Fort William in Bengal, or the -governor of Fort St. George, and governor of Bombay for the time being respectively, or by any chief officer of the said company refjdent at any other of the British settlements in the East Indies respectively, or by the order and authority of the same company’s council of super-cargo for the time being, at the town or factory of Canton, within the said town or factory, and iipon the river of Canton, or other parts of - the coasts of China, and by such other persons as shall be from time to time especially -deputed and authorized for that purpose, by the court of directors of the said united company for the time being.

XXX. And be it enacted, That as well all and every the goods, merchandize, treasure and effects, being the property of any of his Majesty's subjects of this kingdom, which shall, during the conti-

arrtft peitons said company, and their successors, to take, arrest, and seize tiic limns of aj| persons being subjects of this kingdom, who shall be found in

them for such offence.

By whom the powers hereby piven to said company, of ar-rdling persons, seizing vessels, &c. may be put ;in execution.

All goods shipped for the East Indies by fub--jefls of Ire-

wfllisaa'117 nuance of this act, be shipped or put on board any ship or ships, or and all good, vessel or vessels bound from this kingdom to the East Indies, or the vessel, home- parts aforesaid, other than and except the goods, merchandize, before* arrival treasure, or effects of the said company, or of other persons law-in England, folly fiiippinc the fame, under the limitations aitdprovisions of this

JbifcKcJ. and / i r b double value; 3

The tlirly-third Year of George III. 819

aft, ami according to the true intent and meaning of the fame, and A.D. except the naval (lores, provisions, and necessaries for fitch ship or I7r>3-ships to perform their voyage, as also all and every the goods, mcr-cnandize, treasure, and effects, being the property of any of his and matter or Majesty's subjects, of or belonging to this kingdom, which shall be taken out of any fitch ship or veil'd in her voyage homewards from the East Indies, or parts aforesaid, to England, before her arrival there, the fame and every of them shall be forfeited, together with double the value thereof, and shall and may be seized; and that the master or mailers, or commander or commanders, or other officer or officers of such ship or blips, or veil'd or vdfels, knowingly permitting or fullering any such goods, merchandize, treasure or effects to be shipped, or to be put on board any such ship or vessel so bound to the East Indies, or to be taken out of any such ship or ships hound from the East Indies, or parts aforesaid to England, shall forfeit for every such offence, the sum of one thousand pounds.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That if any person being a subject of Pctfont who Ms Majesty, his heirs or successors of, or belonging to this king-

dom, shall procure, solicit for, obtain, or act under any commis-<*;r am!",ri,r

' * 11 of any lort’igfl

fion, authority orpafs, from any foreign prince, (late, or potentate power, foiMt whatever, to fail, go, or trade in or to the said East Indies, or any and of the parts aforesaid, every such person shall incur and forfeit for c0®!>lnr-every such offence, the sum of five hundred pounds, one-half part of which penalty shall belong to such person or persons as shall inform or sue for the same, and the other half thereof to the said united company; and if the said united company shall inform or sue for the same, then the'whole of the said penalty shall belong to the said company.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That during the continuance of this Root’ "<* act, it shall not be lawful for any subject of his Majesty, his heirs r.om ii.iiii or successors of or belonging to this kingdom, either in his own

name, or in the name of any other person or persons whatever, as allowed

licrcbp, or a,

to carry on, or be concerned at Ins or their own rihjtie, or for his limtfb rubor their own benefit, in the fending any kinds of goods and mcr-chandize, the produce or manufacture of the East Indies and China, bfcwke. by the way of Suez only, or any other channel to Europe, otherwise than is allowed or provided by tills act, or as any subject of his Majesty of or belonging to Great Britain, may lawfully do; and if any such subject shall carry on, or he concerned in any such trade or traffick oil his own account, contrary hereto; lie shall forfeit and pay te the said united company, double the value of the 9X2 goods

' The thirty-third Year of George III.

goods and merchandize which shall by him or them be so unlawfully sent to Europe.

Chap. 31.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all penalties, for-Where and feitures, seizures, causes of seizure, crimes, mil'demeanors, and how penitatt, 0ffcnceR which shall arise, or be incurred under, or shall be committed against this act, shall be sued for, prosecuted, examin-

forfeitures,

Crlihcs,- &c.

may be sued , , c

for» prufc- cd, recovered, and adjudged in any of his Majesty s courts 01 re-

cuttjd, &c.&c. £Qr(j jn or }n tj,e fUpreine court of judicature at Fort Wil-

liam in Bengal, or in one of the mayor’s courts at Madras, or Bombay respectively, in manner following, that is to say, all such pecuniary penalties, and all forfeitures of ships, vessels, merchandize and goods, shall and may be sued for, condemned, and recovered by action, bill, suit, or information, wherein no essoign, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be granted or allowed, and all such seizures, whether of any person, or of any ships, vessels, merchandizes and goods, and all causes of such seizure shall be cognizable in such actions, suits or prosecutions as shall bring into question, or relate to the lawfulness or regularity of any such seizure; and all such offences as by this act are not made punishable by pecuniary penalties, or by any forfeitures of goods, but by fine or imprisonment, or both, are hereby created without providing any particular punishments, shall be prosecuted by indictment or information, as misdemeanor6 for breach thereof and shall be puuiflted by fine or imprisonment, or both, at the discretion of the court in which such prosecution shall, by virtue of this act, be instituted; and if such prosecution for a misdemeanor shall be instituted in any of the said courts in the East Indies, and asapunflit* riie person or persons prosecuted, shall be there convicted, it shall meat. be lawful for such court to order as part, or for the whole of the punishment, any such person or persons to be sent and conveyed to Great Britain.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any action, bill, suit, information or indictment shall be brought or prosecuted in any of his Majesty's courts of record in Dublin, for any offence against this act, whether for a penalty, forfeiture, or misdemeanor, f D br°"nty t'le °®fenc€ he laid or alledged to have been committed in the county of Dublin; and all actions, bills, suits, informations, and indictments for any offence or offences against this act, whether filed, brought, commenced, or prosecuted for a penalty or forfeiture, or misdemeanor in any of his Majesty's courts of record in Dublin, or in the said supreme court, or any such mayor’s court as aforesaid, shall be brought and prosecuted within three years

next

person* con* vifted in In* dia, may he

Actions, indiftmems, &c. brought or pvofecuted in Dublin, offence to be laid

actions and prosecutions within 3 years ot offences J

3

The thirty-third Year of George III. S21

next after the offence shall be committed, and a capias dull if!lie in A.D.

tile first process; and in the case of an offence hereby made pimish- 17'J.v

able by any penalty or forfeiture, such capias shall specify tile film of the penalty or forfeiture filed for, and the person or persons feed cmai m t--

or prosecuted for such penalty, shall, on fncli capias, give to the , '

person or persons 10 whom such capias shall be (lircfled, fuliicient

bail or security by his Majesty's natural born fuhjefls or denizens, luce Y.-r

for appearing in the court, out of which such capias shall issue, at

the day or return of such writ, to answer such suit or prosecution,

and shall likewise at the time of such appearance, give fudieient

bail or security by such persons as aforesaid, in the fame eourt,

to ailfwer and pay all the forfeitures and penalties sued for, if he,

(he, or they, shall be convicted of such offence or offences, or to yield his, her, or their body or bodies to prison; but if the pro- if fecution shall be for any offence or offences against this n<5l, pu-nilhable only as misdemeanor, then the person or persons against 3

1 1 1 0 oMokim-

whom such capias shall issue, being thereupon arrested, shall lie =".1 impliloned, and bailable according to law, as in other cases oi" mif- [akl. demeanor.

XXXV. And for more effectually preventing all illegal cr clandestine trading or trafficking hereby made punishable by the forfeitures of goods and merchandizes, and in respect of the difficulty there may be of ascertaining what goods and merchandizes have been illegally or clandestinely trafficked with, ami the value thereof, and for fectiring to the crown the duties on the goods so illegally trafficked with, and to the said united company a reparation by way of damages for such illegal or clandestine trading; be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Mnjeliy’s attorney general in this kingdom for the time being, either at the relation of the said united company, or by his own authority, to exhibit a bill or bills of complaint in his Majesty's court of exchequer in Ireland, against any person or persons trading, dealing, trafficking, ilicii or adventuring in, to, or from the East Indies, in breach of this act, or against any person or persons concerned as agent, fluftor, or co-partner with such illegal traders for difenvering of such trading, dealing, trafficking, or adventuring, and for recovery of fitch duties to the crown, and such damages to the said united company, or difd.iimcr as herein after are mentioned; so that every such bill contain a YCFU" 11 waver or di'fclaimer of all the penalties an 1 forfeitures incurred by f3"1 ¥ls

r ' |,c numeral,

any such person or persons for the matters contained in such bill; ami <iifcov.ry and such person and persons shall answer the said bill or bills, and J1"|<' "ul‘a'1 shall not plead or demur to the discovery thereby fought; and Avail pay to-his Majesty, the customs and duties of the goods and mcr- toii' U-*-

Vol. XVI.9Y cliandize >:i' ’

Al'.orncv-JVIKIIlI llll'V-

txliilrit a

<if

in cxtlictjucf. against ilUtf-il traders <*r

vviits;

822

and 30 per cent, to fat’d company: if amount of duty ami damages lie paid into exchequer, no Oilier prosecutioit shall be:

if bill exhibited at relation of company

be dtfmifled, they shall pay cods to defendant; if decree agai'ult defendant, lie shall pay Co(ls to King ami relators.

If an informer discovers the offence to co. of directors, before a ftlit, &c. is commenced, ami they clioofe to ex* hiiiit a bill of complaint in chancery or exchequer, informer to havei-jd;

if l*y information, &c. it Anil nut he (iifcontimied but by consent of company.

Tf rite com-

riany first in-foiro,htc, See. infoision (haie shall devolve 10 them, iiitlui’ com-tnenci'd atter tune limiud lor common iiftnmvt.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

chandize arising, produced, or purchased by the said unlawful trade, traffic, or adventuring; and shall also as a reparation to the said company in damages, answer and pay to the said company for the fame goods and merchandize, after the rate of thirty pounds per centum, according to the value thereof in Ireland; and if such offender or offenders tliall pay the said duties or customs, or the amount thereof, into his Majesty's exchequer of Ireland, for the use of his Majesty, and the said damages to the said company, he or they shall not be prosecuted upon any other branch or provision of this act, for the fame offence; and if such bill or bills shall be exhibited at the relation of the said company, and shall be dismissed by the said court of exchequer, in favour of any defendant or defendants, the said company shall pay to all and every such defendant and defendants, Ills and their costs of suit; but if a decree shall be obtained against the defendant, or defendants, he or they shall pay the costs to his Majesty, and the relators respectively.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if before any suit or prosecution shall be commenced for the recovery of any penalty or penalties, or forfeiture or forfeitures, under this act, by his Majesty's attorney general in this kingdom, or the said united company, any common informer or informers, shall go to the court of directors of the said united company, and make known to them the offence committed, and instead of any prosecution at law by such informer or informers, the said court of directors shall elect to have the suit or prosecution brought, or commenced by bill or bills of complaint, to be filed or exhibited in his Majesty's court of chancery, or of exchequer in this kingdom, then and in every such case there shall be yielded and paid to such common informer or informers, one-third part of the Angle value of the said interest and concern when recovered; but if the said court of directors shall elect to have the suit or prosecution commenced for the penalties or forfeitures by information or action at law, then the said informer or informers shall and may accordingly sue for the same at law in this kingdom, and the said information or action shall lie proceeded upon, and shall not be discontinued or determined, except with the consent of the said united company, or their court of directors.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if the said united company shall first inform, sue, and prosecute for any penalty or forfeiture, for any of the offences against this act, then the part, share, and proportion of the penalties and forfeitures otherwise given or appointed by this act, to any other person or persons who shall sue or inform for the fame, shall devolve upon, and be to the

% use

their fiTvauN,

&V. tilf)* 135.1/

SThe thirty-third Year of George III.

use of the said united company, although such information, suit, A.D. or prosecution, be commenced Ijy the said united company, after 1793* Iapfc of the time limited by law for the suit, prosecution, or information of the common informer.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any suit or action

shall be brought or commenced in this kingdom, against the said cuminoy united company, or any of their lervanis, or any person tiding by their authority, for the recovery of any coils or damages for the unlawful taking, arresting, seizing, imprisoning, lending, or bringing to this kingdom, of any person or persons found in (lie Eai't Indies, or other parts aforesaid, within the limits of the said united company’s exclusive trade, or as not being authorized to reftde or traffic there, the defendant or defendants to such suit or ailion, may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence; and the proof shall he upon the plaintiff proof i, rt or plaintiffs on the trial of the issue, to shew that at the time or times of arresting or seizing such person or persons respectively, for the causes aforesaid, in the manner in which such arresting or seizing shall be laid or charged to have been done, in or by the declaration or declarations in such suit or action, the person or persons so arrested, was or were in the military or marine service of Ids Majesty, his heirs or successors, or was or were under covenant to serve the said company in ’India, or was or were duly possessed of a license or licenses in writing, authorizing him or them to go to, or reftde, and traffic in India, pr other the parts aforesaid, or that the person or persons not being in his Majesty's service, was or were at the time or times of his or their being so seized or arrested, entitled, or authorized by the stipulation of such covenants or licenses respectively, to remain and continue in India, or other the parts aforesaid; and in failure of such proof, the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become non-suited; and in every case wherein the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become non-suited, or wherein judgment fuilld; shall be given against such plaintiff or plaintiffs upon demurrer, or where a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, he or «i. &c. ,u. they shall have treble costs awarded, to be paid by the respective il licUrmi.m;. plaintiff or plaintiffs, in such suit or action, any law, statute, or provision to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX. Provided always, That this act shall continue in force I,: f<«r ji

for twenty-one years, from the passing thereof, and until the end Lion|!,.tu of the then next session of parliament, and no longer. *c,‘

9Y 2

€ II A R

824

A.D. 1793.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

CHAP. XXXIL

An Act to explain and reduce into One Afi, the several Law; for making, repairing, or amending the Turnpike Roads leading from the Town of Naas, to the Towns of Maryborough and Ballyroan, from the said Town of Maryborough, to the City of Limerick, and from the Town of Ncnagh, to O'Brien's Bridge.

Former laws IT7I1EREAS the several laws heretofore made, relating to inadequate; y, t|le several turnpike roads between the town of Naas, and the city of Limerick, and the town of Ballyroan, and for the repair of the said roads, are inadequate to the purposes for which they ta!ing7olura- were intended; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Ma-pike roads jesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and from Naas to \ ... , r

Maryborough temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and roanf from by authority of the same, That all the several laws now in be-Maryborough ing, for making, repairing, and amending, or explaining the fame, from Tooma- or that in any manner or way affect or relate to the turnpike roads iingMrom from Naas to Maryborough and Ballyroan, from Maryborough to Nrunph to Toomavara, from Toomavara to Nenagh, from Nenagh to O’Brien’s

O’iSrieirs- #_® 0

bridge j Bridge, and which anm or relate to such roads only; and also so «f lawsaiVf- much of all laws, as affect or relate to that part of the turnpike fcdl mrnpike- r0;lj leading from the city of Limerick, towards the town of New-

road between 0 '

I.imcri.k and port,' and which lies between the said city of Limerick, and the Umvccri'L?-' junction of said lait mentioned road, with the road leading from menck ami t]lence go the town of Castle Connell, and which affect or relate

fata road, and

thence in Caf. to such road only, he, and the same are hereby repealed and made repealed,'"ex- null and void, except such parts thereof as repeal any act or acts

ctrjtt parts which repeal oilier acts.

Securities for money due not affected, save as hereafter.

therein recited.

II. Provided nevertheless, That nothing herein contained shall ddlroy or diminish the securities for money now due, or that before the passing of this act shall be due to the trustees of the said road, save as herein after mentioned.

III. And whereas to carry into effect the intent and meaning of

this act, it is requisite to add to the powers veiled in grand juries,

by an act: of the thirty-l’econd year of his present Majesty, entitled,

jiiiics'm'uds An act for improving and keeping in repair, the post roads of this kingdom may Lncdom; be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Jill salt for 0

bridgu mi grand jury ol every county, county of a city, or county of a

mad, town

6

The thirty-third Year of George III. 8’j

town in this kingdom, at any affixes which shall be lioiden after A.D. the passing of this act, to prrii-nt such linn or liim-i of money as 179.1-

may be reipiifue to build, rebuild, or repair any bridge over and aerolsany stream or river imerleding any part of the prel’ent line of said road, or of any new line of road, which in virtue of this act shall hereafter he made to be raised elf t'uji county at largo, county of a city, or county of a town, in which the same shall be situate.

IV. Provided always, That no presentment Audi be made for building, rebuilding, or repairing any such bridge, ltr.ids it shall appear by affidavit of two credible persons, that such bridge required to be presented for the ptirpose of shortening the diflanee, or avoiding of hills, or for the greater convenience of traveller?, is necessary, or will tend to facilitate the intereourse between any two points of the said road from Naas to Maryborough, or Bullyro.m, or between the said town of Maryborough, and the city ofi.ime-J'ick; and that a plan of such intended new bridge, or of the alterations intended to such old bridge, shall have been deposited with the treasurer of such county, or county of a city, twenty-one days at the least, before the commission day of such affixes.

V. And be it enacted, That in order to obtain such presentment for any such bridge, the several forms of presentments and recpii-sites shall be pnrfued and observed as in case of bridges prefemable tinder the road acts now in being, or that hereafter shall be enacted, relative to the fame, upon presentment roads or clleivhcrc, and with the like powers to grand juries relative thereto, and to be accounted for in like ^manner, and pursuant to the fame oath and regulations in all respects.

VI. And whereas the said road leading from the town of Naas, through the towns of Kildare, Monnlkrcvcn, Maryborough, Mont-rath, Borris, Rofcrca, and Nenagh, to the city of Limerick, and from the junction of said-read, with the road lending to the town of Ballyroan, may he confidc-rahly shortcncd and made more convenient for travellers, if the fame were carried in a more ilireft and convenient line; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the persons hereafter to he named commissioners of the said road, or any three of them shall he, and tiny hereby arc empowered to canfe asurvey and map to be made- of the hell and moA convenient line, from any one point to another point of the road, from the said town of Naas, by the said towns of Kildare, Monaficrcvcn, Maryborough, Mcntrath, Rofcrca, and Nenagh, to the said city of Limerick, and from the said junftton of laid road, to the town of Ballyroan, and that on such survey being approved of and hgn-

Vol. XVI.9Z

A idcllvlt Of bc-

f..rc |»icfuU.

jilrr f'i lie siqM'.K I with tu-dfi-let, 2: ti.-st

Ik Km; iiifi/c.;.

iic. :i3 ar? nmv in hcuij, u: hi-rtaiicr tobt tliJeio!;

*Y

t:i tv c.'. ft a f-r-are! -i

IkIi lit ifin

h*..-, l-y K I-

t|ir*’ Ul >»;.{ jt'« *», M«*

fjl I it,

and

1.' r.^-ii :u l.t.r.'n k. to tiAif

tutr.

8i6

A.D. 1793.filiap, 32.

v-hcn fii'viy jignul by 5

n», r.c‘\v line rosy be laid

Tie ihiriy-ilircl Year of George III.

cd by any five of the said commissioners, the salt! new line may he laid cut and carried into efilft, to he from thenceforth part of the faitl road; and that it shall he lawful for any grand jury at any assizes to he holden for the county or counties, or county of a city respectively, through which fitch new or intended line fr.all go, to present Inch Aim or Aims of money to be raised off the barony or baronies through which the same shall run, as to them shall seem meet, in order to recompcnfe Inch person or persons as

prandjuriis

may fuPP°lc himself aggrieved by such new line, and in order to

tiOP. as by

receited act for keeping pod loads in

u'puir.

make cnclofurcs to the said new line, which said presentment, and every thing relative thereto, shall in every respect pursue the provisions and regulations relative to such preferments in the said receited act, entitled, An act for improving and keeping in repair the pufl roads of this kingdom.

Debts were

VII. And whereas it appears that debts to a considerable amount ti'uil«a*for 51 wtrc contrafted several years since, by the truAees for part of the said iohJ; said joadj aiU] that John Anderson of the city of Cork, merchant, above jccol. nn(l William llotirne, of the city of Dublin, esquire, contractors by'jotl An ^0I '1IS Majesty's niail coach between Dublin and Limerick, did dafun, and during the last and preceding fumnier, lend to the trustees for parts of the said road, upwards of two thousand pounds for the repair of the said road: and whereas the greatest part of the said road is in such extreme bad repair and condition, that an immediate and effectual repair is eflemial to render the said road passable, and to continue the elhblishment of the faiil mail coach, which has for some months pad been obliged to go near three miles about to avoid part of one stage of the said road: and whereas there is not any fund for the purpose of efleftuating such repair, and from the scarcity of materials on many parts of the said road, the tolls at present paid at the several gates, are insufficient for the purpose of

Win, Bourne,

10ml in bad condition:

no fund;

scarcity of materials; tolls iuluffi-

creditors lnve keeping the said road in repair: and whereas the greater part of not for several the present creditors by debentures on the said roads, have-not for

years received 1

any thing,&c. several years received any thing, and have little or no prospect or

a large sum necessary; old demands to be diminished, upon foot of de-beutuies: all intcrcll and claim thereto, con-ftdeied as dif-charned on

said deb, which shall Hand as fccu-rity of 30 per cent, between Naas Bally-loan, and

receiving any thing in future out of the produce of said tolls, towards the paying of inch Amis, or the interest thereof, unless the said roads shall he put in repair in the like manner intended by this act, for which purpose the advancing a large sum of money will be necessary, which cannot be procured unless the security shall be rendered sufficient by diminishing the old demands against the said toils upon the foot of said debentures, many of which were iflacd improvidently; be it enacted, That all interest and claim thereto, shall be hereafter considered as discharged, and null and void on the foot of said debentures, and that such debentures shall Hand 3 as

427

I).

The thirty-third Year of George III. t

as a fccurily at the rate of thirty pounds for each one hundred A. pounds so originally feci'.red Ijv laid debentures and no mere, on *79.5* that part of laid road which lies between the towns of Naas, and Ballyroan, and Maryborough, and upon that part of the said road Maobo-which lies between the said town of Maryborough, and the town betwiro Ma-of Toomavara, 11-all stand as a security for fifteen pounds and no '^rrolfma-n'.crc for each hundred, and upon all the rest, and refiduc of the va:a, 15 per said road, (the particular laws respecting which having been made (,p0,' ,|i tiIC to cease and expire before the year one thousand eight hundred, [;Ccl*|a((l)'uvp('r shall stand as a security for ten pounds, for each one hundred to lie-pounds and no more, and that the fame ftial! he liable to five pounds 10 per cent. per centum interest from the year one thousand eight hundred, and cent’.Intcrell no other interest whatever. from.ihc year

I »C0,

VIII. And be it enacted, That the said debts shall for ever here- s,id debts after remain a lien on, and the interest at the rate aforesaid, be charged and chargeable on the whole of the toll, to be reserved by l'b-'Scl1

i ° . , ’ T / on tollrfioin

this or any future ad relative to find road from Naas to Limerick, Na38, u-any statute or law to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from Whole rlfbt

_. ' . toll, veiled

and after the passing or this act, lor and during the continuance of in j.-hn An- this act, the whole right to the tolls herein after mentioned, and wmTiioMitt charged as aforesaid, shall be veiled upon the conditions, and in the manner herein after mentioned, in the said John Anderson, and the said 'William Bourne, and the survivor of them, and the executors and administrators of such survivor, and the said road shall d 10 lie <Ii-be divided into three parts or districts, each of which shall be sub- p, V|., 3

divided; the firftpart or district to extend to and comprise the said ’

road from Naas, to Maryborough, and Ballyroan, containing three hum Naas to divisions, the second or middle district from Maryborough to Roi- Mdiil’nyroan, crea, containing two divisions, and the third cr last district from Rofcrea to Limerick, containing four divisions, And that the entire hoi<.nKli i-» of the said three parts or districts, and each of the said divisions, be and they hereby are placed under the management and direction of the said John Anderson, and of the said William Bourne, and *» the survivor of them, and the executors and administrators of < Ju'u, i'.n.l such fuivivor, from and after the passing of this act, for and dm-

’ i o > .*.0 years, n*w-

ing the term of thirty years, to commence and he computed from j a «n.v

the passing of this act, subject to the conditions and regulations ,n,.

to be hereafter named; and provided they shall have fill; enured

into the recognizance herein after mentioned, for the fulfilling the "">7 »ai.rc

several conditions to be therein mentioned, pursuant to the previ-

lions of this act.

All sums granted by j'raml juries to be paid to fniil Andcf* Xuii ami Jjniirrc, the 'survivot nr executors.

Upon «la-.inape being paid to travel fer, or «le-polited, or vetdid a-gaitill travel fer, or traverfc witlubawn, or no tin* vcife, fanl Amici son and Lonnie, Sc. may proceed without interruption

fcerifi* to pive

\io(Tcfln>n (iii

jirodi'ciiip a ceit'licate 1mm elf k of ‘ crown, for which is. fid. shall be paid.

Names of Commissioners of each snd every

xlillud.

Commissioners of fiift dillria,

The thirty-third Year of George III.

X. And be it further enacted, That all sums of money which shall be granted by any grand jury for the purpose of making any new line on the said road, or widening or altering any part of the said old road, or for filing, feouring, or altering the ditches or drains, or for making fences to or by any part of the said road, or for making foot-paths, shall be paid under the conditions and regulations herein mentioned, to the said John Anderson, and the said Willi; m Bourne, or the survivor of them, or the executors of the said survivor, or to such person or persons as they shall authorize to receive the same, under the conditions and regulations for granting and carrying into effect the said present-ment-s.

XI. And be it further enacted, That upon any damage which shall be found by any jury for any traverser of any presentment being paid to him, her, or them, or deposited with the county treasurer, for his, her, or their use, or upon verdict found against traverser, or upon such traverse which shall have been entered, being withdrawn or not tried pursuant to this act, or upon no traverfc being entered, or as soon as an assessment shall be made by such jury, it shall be lawful for the said John Anderson, and the said William Bourne, and the survivor of them, or the executors or administrators of such survivor, or for such person or persons as shall be authorized by them, or either of them, to take possehion of the ground so presented, and to proceed in the execution of such presentments, without the interruption of any person whatsoever, and the (hcriff is hereby required upon demand to give them possession thereof, on producing a certificate from the clerk of the crown, that the said presentment has been presented as aforesaid, (or which certificate two shillings and six-pence shall be paid to said clerk of the crown and no more.

XII. And be it further enacted, That John lord Fitz-Gibbon, lord chancellor of Ireland, the earl of Portarlington, lord viscount Pery, lord viscount De Vefci, the right honourable sir John Parnell, the honourable Edmond Henry Pery, John Toler, his Majesty's folieltor general, John Prcndergaft Smyth, esquire, Thomas Maunfell, fir Henry Hartftongc, baronet, Robert Maunfell, esquire, fir Mathew Blakefton, baronet, William Thomas Maunfell, Peter Holmes, and John Wolfe of Forenaughts, esquires, and the survivors of them be, and they are hereby appointed commissioners of each and every district and division of the said road.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That his grace William duke of I.einller, marquis of Drogheda, lord viscount Allen, honourable and reverend William Dawson, John Warburton, esquire, fir

Robert

l-he thirty-third Year c/", George III. 829

Robert Staples, baronet, Thomas Burgh of Bert, esquire, honour-- A.D. able John Vefy, John Tvdd, esquire, fir Allync Jolinfton, baronet,.1793-Thomas Burgh of Old Town, honoarable Ponfo.nfiy Moore, fir Charles Defovoux, baronet, Frederick French of Ballinakill, Chril-topher Hnggott, Jonathan Chettwood, esquires, colonel Thomas

Pigott, Mathew Cafian, esquire, be, and they hereby are appointed commHlioners of the first distridr of the find roadthe said fir commiflmn-Robert Staples, colonel Thomas Pigott, honourable John Vefev,

Charles William Bury, esquire, Edward Bird), esquire, Denis Bowes Daly, esquire, Richard Grace., esquire, Robert White- of Arboe, and James Btadfield, esquires, captain Defpard, Leonard,

William Armstrong, of Mount Heton, John Lloyd, be, and they hereby are appointed commissioners of the second or middle division of the said road; and that Daniel Toler, Henry Prittie, cl- Comtnininn -quires, Charles William Bury, esquire, Edward Birch, esquire,

Willia.m Armstrong of Mount Heton, esquire, John Lloyd of Gloster, esquire, Daniel Toler, junior, esquire, fir Vere Hunt,

Baronet,. Charles Vereker, esquire, Thomas Vercker, esquire, colonel Rolefton, dbdor William Maunfell, archdeacon Maunfell, alderman Eaton Maunfell, Thomas Brooke, esquire, Francis Arthur, esquire,. Henry D’Eftarre, esquire, James Anglim, esquire, Henry White, esquire, Francis Worth Calhell, esquire, George Gough, esquire, major, William- Caufaban Purdon, George Maunfell, el-quire, collector of Limerick, fir Christopher Knight, Frederick Lloyd, esquire, William Minchin of Green-Hills, esquire, Philip Rpche, esquire, Stephen Roche, esquire, Anthony Dwyer, esquire,

Thomas. Spunner, esquire,. John Dwyer, esquire, Richard Going of Bird Hill, esquire, captain. Launcelot Hill, Richard Going, junior, esquire,.Thomas Going of Tra.verfton, esquire, Paul Roch-ford, esquire,. John Tuttle, esquire, Benjamin Friend, esquire,

Samuel Hunter, esquire, Richard Gafon, esquire, George Smith, esquire^ recorder of Limerick, David Dwyer, esquire, William Blennerliaflet, John Blennerhaffet; John Ormffiy Vandelieur, Peter Holmes, junior, Michael Head, reverend Henry Eayley, V/.

I-lsrding,. Cooke Otway, StandiOi Grady of Grange, reverend J. ' Parker, Otway Toler,.. John Head, James Otway/

W. Bay.ley, Benjamin. Hawkijiaw, major Peppar,-Simon

Peppar, esquires,- Edward Cr.oker of Ballynagartl, esquire, anti the ' mayor of Limerick, for the time, being, be, and they are hereby appointed- commissioners of third or last diilrict of the said road.,

Xt\L And be it further enacted, TJiat.every commissioner of

’ > l.vcrjr-crnj-

every districtof the said road, shall. poiTefs and be competent- to mffi.-m-rm.*

Vol. XYL 10 A exere-fe

83o

A.D. 1793. Chap. 32.

like powers in CO>purate officers on line, where they rtlifle, and within mile thereof.

When com* nnlfionera die or resign, others shall he chosen, as herein.

Said An*

derson and Bourne may, for iq years, cauie pay gates to he erected, as hereafter; ami hui’d or hire toll-houses, and take the following tolls:

for every hotfe, Sc ri.hleti, 2d. horse, See. not drawing, or n»t riddeu,

Curv drove of oxen, &c.

2$. 61. per

feme, calves, &c. js. 3d. per fcorc, coach, &c. drawn by 6 or more hotfes, Ac. 2$. 8£d.

if by or 5, as. ad. if by 2 or 3, is. id.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

exercise the office and duties of a rr.agistrate, uporf every part of the said road, so far as relates to the due observance of this act, and the enforcing the several parts thereof, and that every chief magistrate and other corporate officer of every corporate town, on the said line of road, shall possess and exercise the like powers for the like purposes in the places where they respectively reside, and within one mile of their respective residences.

XV. And be it further enacted, That when any of the commissioners herein before named for the three districts of the said road, or for any of the said districts shall die, or resign, it shall be lawful for the remaining commissioners of such three districts, or of such particular district, or for any live or more of them on the iirft Tuesday in any month, to elect a person to be a commissioner thereof in his place, and so as often as a vacancy shall happen by the death or resignation of any person so chosen.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said John Anderson, and the said William Bourne, under the conditions and regulations hereafter to be named, for and during the term of thirty years, to commence and be computed from the pal-fin'g of this act, to erect or cause to be erected, pay-gates upon and across the said road in manner herein mentioned; and that it shall he lawful for the said John Anderson, and for the said William Bourne, to build, hire, or rent a toll-house or toll-houses, convenient to every such gate, and to demand and take by such person and persons as they shall authorize thereto, the following tolls at every such gate, before any horse, mare, gelding, afs, mule, cattle, coach,-chariot, landau, plmon, chaise, cabriolet, curricle, chair, calalh, gig, waggon, wain, dray, cart, car, timber, or other carriage shall be permitted to go through the fame, that is to say; for every horse, mare, gelding, afs, or mule, with any person riding thereon, the sum of two pence; for every horse, mare, gelding, afs, or mule, loaden or unloaden, and not drawing or having any person riding thereon, the sum of one penny halfpenny; for every drove of oxen, cows, or neat cattle, two fliil-lings and six pence by the score, and so in proportion for any greater or less number; for every drove of calves, pigs, goats, sheep, or lambs, one Hulling and three pence by the score, and so in proportion for any greater or less number; for each and every coach, chariot, landau, plmon, chaise, cabriolet, curricle, chair, calafli, or gig, if drawn by fix horses or other beasts, or more than fix, the lum of two shillings and eight pence halfpenny, if drawn by four or five horses or other beasts, the sum of two shillings and two pence, if drawn by two or three horses or other

beasts,

The thirty-third Year of George III.

beads, the Aim of one ihiiling and one by one horse or oilier bead on.lv, the

Mr

A.D.

penny.

XVII. And be

pcnr.v, and nt crawn turn affix pence half- 1 79 v '.I:.

it further eiiatiesi l>v the authority af.ueiaiu,

1 ‘lr Wry

lllf'-aacl), 1" p!v* '"S r l.ln-, l> iv.uy

t!u» n it,

S'*!!. &e.

That from and after the passing of this ail, and during the continuance of the fame, it shall be lawful for the said John Anderson, and the said William Bourne, to demand and take by inch !, perfoil or persons as they shall authorize thereto, at each and every pay-gate aforesaid, for every llage coach, or other carriage plying r'Anen., for hire, or conveying persons for hire, which shall convey at I’.uf,-, any one time upon any part of the said road, more than fix persons withitlfide, or more than three persons betides the driver upon the outside of any such coach, or other carriage, five shillings for every horse or other beast drawing the fame, in addition to the toll herein before directed, to be paid every time such coach or other carriage shall pais through any of the said gates.

XVIII. Provided always, That such additional toll shall not N,t to be deemed to extend to waggons or other carriages with broad "* wheels herein after exempted, for certain periods from paving tolls.

XIX. And whereas much injury has arisen to the said road from the improper construction of the wheels of cars and other carriages, and it is expedient that the tolls on such wheels shall bear a more equal proportion to the damage they may do to the said road; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and F after the passing of this act, to the first day of July, one thousand H ti>i, ,rt seven hundred and ninety-four, it shall be lawful for the said John 2d. per a/4’ Anderson, and the said William Bourne, to demand and take by "J*’'

’ / iU times to

such person and persons as they' shall authorize thereto, at each i of the Several gates of the said road, to be hereafter named, two pence for every car; and for every waggon, wain, dray, cart, or for tttrr timber carriage, tolls at the rate that is now demanded and taken '"’sw.

° (olisasnmr

at the several gates on the said road, for every horse or other taken for bead, drawing any and every such car, waggon, wain, dray, cart, or timber carriage.

XX. And be it further, enidted, That on the said first day of on mid lf' July next, and for and during the remainder of the said term of

thirty years, to be computed from the passing of this act, it shall mar be lawful for the said John Anderson, and the said William Bourne, i,fc, to demand and take by such person or persons as they shall authorize thereto, for every waggon, wain, dray, cart, car, or timber ol i!*1'?1'" carriage, moving on rollers, with fiat furfacss, whafe fellies shall 10 A 2 be

83a

The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

be sixteen inches on each side of the (haring, or streaks thereof,

1793- shall be fct on with counter-funk flat-headed nails, bolts or (crews, Chap. 3-' which shall not project above the surface or level of such streaks or fltoeing, and that such streaks or (hoeing shall be flat, and, sixteen inches or more in breadth, the sum of one halfpenny for every for every horse or bead drawing the fame; for every waggon, wain, dray, Sngwas- cart, car, or timber carriage, if the foies of the fellies thereof, shall gun &c. as|£at an(] of the breadth of pine inches or more, and that the

herein de- > L

feribed, {d. streaks or {hceing of the wheels thereof, shall be set on with.coun-ter-funk flat-headed nails, bolts or ferews, which shall, not project above the surface or level of such streaks or (hoeing, and that such streaks or (hceing shall be flat, and nine inches, or more.in; breadth, and if the fore-axle shall be so much longer or fltorter than the hind-axle, that the wheels thereof shall roll a double, fprface-of at least sixteen inches on each and either fid?, the sum of one half-ui. yer liuifc, penny, for every horse or beast drawing the faipe; if. the streaks or (liming of the wheels thereof, shall be let on in like manner, and shall be nine flat inches across the (hoeing or tier, the . sum of one penny, for every horse or beast drawing the fame; if the streaks or Aiming of the wheels thereof, shall b.e set on. in, like . manlier, and shall be less than nine inches, but not less than seven inches across the foie or tier, and if the fore-axle shall be.-so much longer or (hotter than the hind-axle, that the wheels thereof shall roll a double surface of at least twelve inches on each and either-fide, the sum of one penny, for every horse or beast drawing the iM.|)crliotfe fame; if the streaks or (hccing of the wheels thereof, shall be set ,f as herein, on jn manner) an(j shall be less than nine inches, but not less than seven inches, and shall not roll, a double surface.of. at -least

twelve inches, one penny halfpenny for every horse or beast dratv-

ing the fame; if the streaks or (hceing of the wheels thereof,

shall be set on in like manner, and shall be less. than- fevea inches, but not less than six inches, and if the fore.-axle thall.be so much longer or (hotter than the hind-axle, that the wheels-thereof shall roll a double surface of at least ten inches, the sum of . one penny if dr Winn, halfpenny, for every horse or beast drawing the fame; if the streaks ->,y.r iurr, fljojujg of the wheels thereof, shall be set on. in like manner, and shall be -less than seven inches, hut not less than six inches, and shall not roll a double surface of at least ten inches on each side, two pence, for- every Horse or bead drawing the fame; if ifas Wirin', the streaks or flitting of the wheels thereof, shall be set- on-in. like 3 j. p=r Irnife, manner> and shall be less than six inches, but not less than five . inches, the sum of three pence, for every horse jor Jieaft drawing . 41l.periinffe, the fame; if the streaks or (hoeing of the wheels thereof, shall bp,

ilWren., , ' r,t

The thirty-third car of George III. 83 3

set on in like manner, and shall be Iris than live inches, but net A.D. iefs than four inches, the turn of four pence, for every horse or 1 79j-heart drawing the fame; and if the Uriahs or filming of the wheels thereof, shall be set on in like manner, and shall be Ids than if.11 li.-nia, four inches, the film of six pence h dfpenny, for every horse or heart drawing the fame; and if any of the lh ruing or the {freaks ifa.Wrcm, of any of the wheels of any such carriage shall not be flat, or shall be set on with, high or sprig-headed n:ii!=, bolts or ferews, or with any nails, bolts or fcrctvs, not being counter-funk ami Hat-headed, or which shall project above the level or surface of such streaks or fliceing, the sum of one iliiiiing and one penny, for every horse or bead drawing the same.

XXI. Provided always, That for every car whole wheels shall be three flat inches in breadth across the foie or tier, and shall be a, l.m-in formed or put on so as to turn round the axle-tree, and whole axle-tree shall be fixed on, so as not to turn round with the wheels, 'h1 ilr.

1 Ci’icu !..r'.ai.n

the liim of one penny halfpenny only, and no more, shall be im.ii. demanded or taken at any gate, on any part of the said road, for each horse or other heart drawing the fame, if the streaks or (hating of such wheels be flat, and set on with counter-funk flat-headed nails, bolts or lerews, and which shall not project above the fur-face or level of such streaks or (hating.

XXII. And whereas it is expedient to encourage persons to use rollers or broad wheels, as herein before described, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every waggon, wain, dray, cart, car, timber, or other carriage which shall run a flat surface ot sixteen inches at the least, on either and each side, if the streaks or (hoeing of such rollers shall be fiat, and set on with counter-iunk f;"m ra3,lic flat-headed nails, bolts or ferews, and which shall not project above

the surface or level of such streaks or thocing, shall, during the term of five years, to be computed from the passing of this act, pass through all the gates of the said road, loll free; and that every waggon, wain, dray, cart, car, or timber carriage, if the j,'r'rX fliceing or streaks thereof, shall be set on in like manner, and '* pif> wi*-shall be nine inches or more in breadth, or shall roll a double ^' lurface of twelve inches on each and either fide, shall during the term of three years, to he computed as aforesaid, pals toll free; and that every waggon, wain, dray, cart, car, or timber carriage, uni w.iP-if the fliceing or streaks thereof shall he set on in like manner, jji and shall be seven inches or more in breadth, or shall roll a double w i,|fs ,"11-lurface of ten inches on each and cither fide, Hull, during one you. year, to he computed as aforesaid, pals toll free, through every toll-gate upon, or across any part of the said road.

Vcj,. XVI, 10 B

wain*., c;ir:s. c:«-> &c «.f tU.

h'-ion, to

inis lull Yrc l..r 5 yrt'l

Tolls lo be taken at the Icvcral gates herein mentioned.

Situation of paj-gates may he altered by 5 commissioners on application of said An-derson mid Bourne; and other pay-gates erefled, and toll lioufcft built or hired on said line.

2"he thirty-third Year of George III.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said John Anderson, and the said William Bourne, to demand and take by such person and persons as they shall authorize thereto, the several tolls and duties recited in this act, in manner aforesaid, at each of the several gates now erected, or which being hereafter named in this act, it shall he lawful for the said John Anderson, and the said William Bourne to erect, or cause to be erected on each and every division of the said road, that is to say, at or hear the weft entrance of the town of Naas, at or near Newbridge, at or near the east entrance of the town of Kildare, at or near the weft entrance of the town of Kildare, at or near the east entrance of the town of Monastercven, at or near the weft entrance of the said town of Monastereven, at the place where the gate is now situate, at the call entrance of the town of Maryborough, at or near the weft entrance of the said town of Maryborough, at or near the call entrance of the town of Ballyroan, at or near the east entrance of the town of Motitrath, at or near the weft entrance of the said town of Montrath, at or near the east entrance of the town of Borris, at or near the weft entrance of the said town of Borris, such gates shall continue only so long as the line of road shall pass through the said town of Borris, at or near the east entrance of the town of Rol'crca, at or near the weft entrance of the said town of Rofcrea, at or near Tooinavara, at or near the east entrance of the town of Nenagh, at or near the weft entrance of the said town of Nenagh, at or near Carragatoghcr, at or near Bird Hill, at or near O’Brien’s Bridge, at or near the call entrance of the town of Castle Connell, at or near the weft entrance of the said town of Castle Connell, and at or near the east entrance of the city of Limerick.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any five commissioners of any district of the said road, on the application of the said John Anderson, and the said William Bourne, to alter the situation of any of the said pay-gates, within such dii-trifts of the said road, and to add such other pay-gates upon, and across any part of the present line of said roads, or of the new line of said road, or upon and across any part of the fame, or on the fide of the said present, or of the said new line of said road, across any lane or way leading out of either of the said lines of road within such district, and to build, hire, or rent a toll-honfe for every such gate, and there to demand and receive by such person or persons as they shall authorize thereto, such tolls as are appointed by this act to be taken at any gate within such district

6

The thirty-third Year of George III. 835

of the said road, and that every such gate shall he deemed a pay- gate.

A.D. 1793.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said road shall he divided, and that the several divisions shall he numbered in man-

ner following; namely, number one, from Naas, to tire weft fide j;'.;!;"',3"1 of Kildare; number two, from Kildare, to Monastereven; number numj.cn,i a.

herein.

three, from Monastereven, to the call entrance of Ballyroan, or to the east entrance of Maryborough; number four, from said last mentioned east entrance of Maryborough, to the east entrance of Montrath; number five, from Montrath, to Roi'crca; number fix, from Rofcrea, to Toomavara, or such point as shall hereafter he appointed on the new line; number seven, from such last mentioned point, or from Toone to Nenagh; number eight, from N'e-nagli, to such place as shall be appointed between Kilmaftuila, and O’Brien’s Bridge; number nine, lrotn such last mentioned point, to Limerick.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no person shall be iviiftobc liable to pay any of the said tolls aforesaid, more than once in the paid but um e lame day within the same division, with the lame cattle and car- diviiu.u 1 riage, but that every person having paid such toll once in any one division, may, during the remainder of the fame day, every such

day to be computed from twelve o’clock at night, to twelve o’clock the succeeding night, pass and rc-pals toll free, through every pay-gate in the fame division, with the fame cattle and carriage, for which such toll shall have been paid; on producing a ticket, t, i,.

denoting the payment of such toll, and containing such other mat- Ptu‘1""J; ters as are herein required, respecting the fame; which ticket n f every collector is required to give gratis, on receiving the toll, aiitUi. upon pain of forfeiting five shillings for every omission or refusal, upon conviction before any just ice of the peace of the county in jj^'gj"r_' which the offence shall be committed, or before any of the said mHWr. commissioners, every of whom are hereby authorized to examine into the fame, and administer oaths for that purpose.

XXVII. Provided always, That in order to pass free in manner , t aforesaid, through each respective pay-gate, it shall be necessary to iicadidm-

Cl r r-1 I. 1- -I- r a- t

pay once in each day as aforesaid, in each division rcipectively, m which said pay-gate is placed, there being to be but one payment required in any one division.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for After||l

the said commissioners of the three distritts of the said road, to July 1794,

authorize the said John Anderson, and the said William Bourne, at may

any period after the first day of July, one thousand seven hundred Anders<OT and

and ninety-four, to demand and take by such person or persons as Bourne to

1 , , take for every

10 B 2 they waggon, &c*

Ac half of tolls lurchy (iirrfted, in addition, for each horse, be.

Additional toll not to he demanded for waggon?, &c. during I'criodsallow-L'dtopafsfrcf, or for year after.

Tolls tmy levied by JiUref*;

dillrcfs d*

tMilled until to i and ih.i<gcs jv.Id

I>v 1-1(1 .((ter

4

O'crp’lb to iiuiier.

Penalty of iol. for |>;tl* ling without paying or producing a ticket;

or a (Faulting or-ohitru6ting collators;

or it'juripg ai.y gate, AC.

oi eJktfacts

Item this act;

The thirty-third Year of George- IIL

they flVal! appoint thereto, at each and every- pay-gate, within the said three districts of the said road, for any, or for every waggon, wain, dray", cart, car, or timber carriage, in addition to the toll heretofore established by this act,1 any sum not exceeding half the amount of the toll, diredeft by this act to be demanded and taken, for every horse or bead drawing either or any of the fame, subject to the like regulations as aforesaid.

XXIX. Provided always, That no such additional toll shall be demanded for any waggon, wain, dray, cart, car, or timber carriage, moving on rollers or broad wheels in manner aforesaid, during the respective terms or periods heretofore allowed by this act, for such waggons or other carriages aforesaid, to pass toll free, ov for one year after the expiration of such terms or periods respectively.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall refuse to pay the toll payable by him or her in virtue of this act, it shall and may be lawful for the collector thereof, or person acting as such, to levy the same by distress of the horse or horses, or other beast or beasts, carriage or carriages upon which the toll is by this act imposed, or upon the goods and chattels of the person or persons who ought to pay the same; and such horse or horses, or other beast or beasts, carriage or carriages, or goods and chattels, may be detained, until such toll shall be paid, with the reasonable charges of such distress; and if the same shall not be paid within four days, it shall be lawful for the collector or person acting as such, to sell the same, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner on demand, after payment of the said toll, and the full expences of the said distress, detinue, and sale.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall forcibly or wilfully go or pass with any horse, beast, or carriage, through any pay-gate on the said road, without paying the toll by this act required, or producing a proper ticket as aforesaid, at such pay-gate, or shall knowingly or designedly assault, interrupt, or obstruct any of the collectors or persons employed in collcding or receiving any of the said tolls or otherwise, in the execution of his or their employments, of receiver or collector, or shall injure any such gate or toll-house, or any globes or lamps, or any extrads from any part of this act, which shall be

j eroded

1 7?> Ch.ip. y-

The shirty-thiyj Tt-cr of George III. 031

erected or placed upon or near any such gate or toll-house, A. IX or shall assault, obstruct, or interrupt any overseer aditig under and in the execution of any pari of this act, or Audi forge, counterfeit, or alter, or shall deliver to or receive

O' ..»y ovvi u-vi

from any other person or persons, any note or ticket, with urccnotcr- an intent to avoid the payment of any of the said tolls or any part thereof, every person so offending, being convicted aThtctV thereof, upon the oath of one credible witness before any justice of the peace, shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if the owner ,v ):1

of any waggon, wain, dray, cart, car, or other carriage, or

of any horse riding or being the driver thereof, and travel- u...it.

ling on any part of the said road, shall drive or turn out of v..n:'r.,a.-.i

the fame, into any other road, in order to avoid paying of

toll, and Avail afterwards proceed with such carriage or " l'u' horse into, or on any part of the said road, fuel) person being owner, Audi forfeit five pounds, and if he be tire driver and not the owner, fifty shillings upon conviction for every such offence; and it Aiall be lawful for every C!).!n3 i collector or person a£!ing as fuel), and all other persons by r

him required to assist in that respect, to seize any horse or m! in fiU--..;, horses, or other beast or beasts, carriage or carriages, with all goods thereon, and the driver or drivers, attendant or attendants thereof, and to bring them before any justice of the peace, who is hereby required to enquire into such wiW in offence, and if upon conviction before such justice, upon the oath of any credible witness, the party or parlies com- r:'y 5pj‘.' plained of, shall not pay such penalty, together with the tolls that Aiall be due, it Aiall be lawflil for fuel) justice, and >"*» issue a

W.irr»t<{ fa,

he is hereby required by warrant under his band and seal 1 I,..,a-.,

to cause the horse or horses, or other beast or beasts, carriage UI

or carriages, or goods so detained to be sold for payment of 'j'tu the said tolls and penalties, and the charges of Arizing and keeping the fame, and of such sale, rendering the overplus (if any) upon demand to the owner or owners of the fame, or to the person or persons under whole rare, or in whole possession the fame refncdively was or were when so seized as aforesaid, or-if no fuliirient (iiftrefs Aiall have my-uv 1,5 been seized, to commit such owner or owners, or oilier per- tVUVt'rs. son or persons to the common gar.:, ike— to remain without Vo L. XVI. \c C i-ail

S3S

A.D. 1793. Chap. 32,

&c half of toils hereby <lirode(5, in addition, for each horse, ike.

Additional toll not to be demanded for waggon?, &c. during perlodsallow-ed to pais free, or for i year

after.

'l'olls may 4ie levied by

dillrel’t;

iliilrefs d-.

tamed until tod and cliJ'-KC> jv;id 5

tliiS'cf* may

be l <ld .'tiler

*1 tlajoj

iu-rp u-> to nvner.

Penalty of id. for puffing without pa) iiiv- or producing a ticket;

nr aflaiilting

or-obilructilig

collators;

or injuring

tu.v gate, <\c.

01 cNtracis iiwMuhisncl;

The thirty-third Year of George III.

they fli'all appoint thereto, at each and1 every- pay-gate, within the said three districts of the said road, for any, or for every waggon, wain, dray, cart, car, or timber carriage, in addition to the toll heretofore established' by this act; any sum not exceeding half the amount of the toll, direda4 by this act to be demanded ap'd taken, for every horse or beast drawing cither or any of the fame, subject to the like regulations as aforesaid.

XXIX. Provided always, That no such additional toll shall be demanded for any waggon, wain, dray, cart, car, or timber carriage, moving on rollers or broad wheels in manner aforesaid, during the respective terms or periods heretofore allowed by this act, for such waggons or other carriages aforesaid, to pass toll free, or for one year after the expiration of such terms or periods respectively.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall refuse to pay the toll payable by him or her in virtue of this act, it shall and may be lawful for the collector thereof, or person acting as such, to levy the same by distress of the horse or horses, or other beast or beasts, carriage or carriages upon which the toll is by this act imposed, or upon the goods and chattels of the person or persons who ought to pay the same; and such horse or horses, or other beast or beasts, carriage or carriages, or goods and chattels, may be detained, until such toll shall be paid, with the reasonable charges of such distress; and if the same shall not be paid within four days, it shall be lawful for the collector or person acting as such, to sell the same, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner on demand, after payment of the said toll, and the full expences of the said distress, detinue, and sale.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall forcibly or wilfully go or pass with any horse, beast, or carriage, through any pay-gate on the said road, without paying the toll by this act required, or producing a proper ticket as aforesaid, at such pay-gate, or shall knowingly or designedly assault, interrupt, or obstruct any of the collectors or persons employed in collcding or receiving any of the said tolls or otherwise, in the execution of his or their employments, of receiver or collector, or shall injure any such gate or toll-house, or any globes or lamps, or any extrads from any part of this act, which shall be

j eroded

«37

The thirty-thin! Year of George III.

erected or placed upon or near any such gate or toll-house, A.D. or shall assault, obstruS, or interrupt any overseer acting '79.1-under and in the execution of any part of this act, or shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or shall deliver to or receive

orolifltuaing ..iiv owi tfci;

from any other person or persons, any note or ticket, with «rcoumcr-an intent to avoid the payment of any of the said tolls or :Si."r;iV

ing .;r|:iki«g a lionet to

any part thereof, every person so offending, being convicted thereof, t;pon the oath of one credible witness before a:

«V

‘.I l*-*:

illeiil-

iw *»r«i» -

justice of the peace, shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if the owner |,c of any waggo'n, wain, dray, cart, car, or other carriage, or of any horse riding or being the driver thereof, and travel- w >.

ling on any part of the said road, shall drive or turn out of 1. ml the fame, into any other road, in order to avoid paying of toll, and shall afterwards proceed with such carriage or " ,:o:> horse into, or on any part of the said road, such person being owner, shall forfeit five pounds, and if he be the driver and not the owner, fifty shillings upon conviction for every such offence; and it shall be lawful for every c.>;W,lirsa..i collector or person a fling as such, and all other persons by him required to assist in that respect, to seize any horse or ilu t» horses, or other beast or beasts, 'carriage or carriages, with ‘ all goods (hereon, and the driver or drivers, attendant or attendants thereof, and to bring them before any justice of |(j

the peace, who is hereby required to enquire into such v11' l,:‘ offence, and if upon conviction before such justice, upon . , the oath of any credible witness, the party or parlies com- n,.tpav|K-plained of, shall not pay such penalty, together with the pun tolls that shall be due, it shall be lawful for such justice, and he is hereby required by warrant under his hand and seal > k- <(" to cause the horse or horses, or other bead or beads, carnage t. or carriages, or goods so detained to be sold for payment of

-S-JVII- Ul ownct

the said toils and penalties, and the charges of (vicing and keeping the fame, and of such sale, rendering the overplus (if any) upon demand to the owner or owners of the fame, or to the person or persons under whose rare, or m whole possession the lame refucctively was or were when so seized as aforesaid, or.if no fufiicimt difirefs shall have rc|been seized, to commit such owner or owner?, or other per- no-- -1' son or persons to the common geo!, the:? to remain without

|i< fj»c< tfu«; in tkkiis

838 The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D. bail mainprizr, until such fine and penalties, tolls and '701- charges be paid.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That every ticket to

v.iiii ilaill |,e ajven as aforesaid, by any collector for any carriage

fi.rt tttL.: ill ' '

which is subject to different tolls in respect to the different "breadths or (hceings of its wheels, shall truly specify the ftim received, the number of horses or other beasts drawing the fame carriage, and "the breadth of the wheels, and also whether flat (hod, or (hod with high or sprig headed nails, ., , bolls, or ferevrs, and if any ticket shall not specify all

jf jirkcf* do 1 r j

ii.j fittcifjr the said matters truly, the collector of the toll at the gate 11,dor shall where such ticket shall have been given, shall forfeit the [," [vinmitiTii sum of five pounds for every such offence, upon conviction '"S"1 f,r 1 by oath of one credible witness before any justice of the peace, and in case of not paying the fame immediately, shall be committed by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice, to the common gaol or house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for the spaee of one month, or until the said fine shall be paid.

Carts, jrjvs, XXXfV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be law-^or (he said John Andeffon, and the said William Bourne, or such Person or persons as shall be authorised by them for any of the said divisions, cr for any commissioner or any magistrate, constable, or sub-constable, to flop on any part of the said road, any car, cart, dray, waggon, wain, or other carriage not being a coach, landau, chariot, chaise phiston, cabriolet, curricle, or chair, which shall have passed during the fame day through any pay-gate on the said road, to require the driver or person attending the fame, to produce the ticket which he or she shall have received at such pay-'If-therneglect gate, for the toll paid for the same; and if such driver or Ucketf 0?if person shall neglect or refuse to produce such ticket imme-contsin airuc diately on demand, or if such ticket when produced shall not certify the whole toll payable for the fame by virtue maybefeized, of this act, or shall contain any other description of the breadth and shoeing of the wheels than the truth, it shall be lawful for such person to seize and distrain the said horse or 'other beast and carriage, with all the goods and chattels thereon, and such horse or horses, or other beast or beads, carriage or carriages, or goods and chattels, may be detained until the toll prescribed by this act for the same shall be paid, with the reasonable charges of such distress and de- tabling,

ptrd Nil drivers to produce ticket*}

The thhiy-ilhd Year of George III. Sj<j

taiuing. and if the same shall not be paid within four days, A.D.

it shall be lawful for the person who shall have seized to

1 . C*jv\n. '

sell the same, rendering the overplus (if any) to the owner T-v-i;

or driver on demand after payment of the said toll, and the r"l'1,

1 ’ jiiini within -v

full expcr.ces of the said difirefs, detaining and saie. >tay-,

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That every collcdor

or other person acting as such, shall have power to detain at nuy'dAutn any pay-gate, every car, cart, or other carriage, whereonthe toll payable varies according to the breadth of the streaks fme or (hoeing of the wheels, and to measure the fame, and the MJ A.»Ur-said John Anderson, and the said William Eonrne, or such ami alien»’ person or persons as they shall authorize, and every iufpcc-for, commissioner, magistrate, fub-constab!c or constable, P"*er»

shall have the like power to flop and measure the wheels of every such car or carriage on any part of the said road, and if any driver or other person shall hinder or refuse to pnuhyon permit such collector or such other person to measure the wheels of any such carriage, and shall be convicted thereof, VJ';11 bir upon the oath of any one credible witness, before any justice ^of the peace, every such person so offending, shall forfeit the sum of five pounds, to be levied by difirefs and sale of the said car or other carriage, and the horse and horses, or other beasts drawing the fame, and the goods thereon, by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice, rendering overplus to the overplus, if any, after deducing the said fine, and the owner-expences of such difirefs and laic, to the owner on demand.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority Pm.iltyon aforesaid, That if any person or persons whatsoever, own- any perish :tt

pifi tliroiiah

ing, renting, or occupying any land near unto any pay-gate any land to established or erected, or to be erected in pursuance of this u‘11’

’ > 203.

aft, shall for gain, reward, or otherwise knowingly or willingly permit any person or persons whatsoever, to pass through any gate, passage, or way, with any horse, bead, cattle or carriage, liable to toll on passing through any pay-gate on the said road, to avoid the payment of the toil hereby appointed to be paid, and be thereof convicted upon the oath of any one credible witness before any justice of the peace, every such person shall forfeit the sum of twenty shillings for every such offence, to be levied by difirefs and sale of such offenders goods, by warrant tinder the hand and seal of such justice, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner, the I o C 2 charges

840 The thirty-third Year of George III.

Collector or toll ga« thctcr lie-gleding duty 'as herein, Hull foifcit ‘>r be imprison* cd 6 nioitths.

charges in taking and disposing of the said goods being first deduced.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That every person appointed to receive the toll at any pay-gate, on any of the divisions of said road, by any person or persons taking the fame by lease, shall have all and Angular the like powers and authorities, and be subject to and under all and Angular the like regulations, penalties, and restrictions as any collector appointed by the said John Anderson, and the said William Bourne, can or shall have or be subject to by virtue of this act, except as to paying the tolls collected to the said John Anderson, and the said William. Bourne, and accounting to them for the same.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any collector or toll-gatherer, whether appointed by the said John Anderson, and the said William Bourne, or by any person taking any of the tolls by lease or contract, or any person tiding as such, shall permit any carriage, horse, or beast whatsoever, to pass through any pay-gate without payment of the toll payable for the fame by virtue of this act, or a proper certiAcale as before directed being produced therewith, and shall omit to seize such car, carriage, or beast, or shall delay to proceed to have the penalties levied as the law di-reds for such offence, or shall omit to detain any car, cart, or other carriage, and prevent the passing. through the gate after notice shall be given, to him, that the driver thereof has obstructed the execution of this act in any' respect, every person so offending, shall upon conviction thereof.before any justice of the peace, forfeit the sum of Ave pounds, and on non-payment thereof, shall be committed by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice, to the common gaol or

house of correction, there to remain without bail or rr.ain-prize for any time not exceeding Ax months, or until the said fine be paid.

iwmf

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That every person appointed by the said John Anderson, and the said William "pair’ w'?!1’ Bourne, to make, gravel, repair, or superintend the said periiitcmlfakl road, or any part of it, shall have full power and authority to dig for, search, raise, and carry away any gravel, flories, sand, furze, or other materials which may be wanted for the use of the said road, and to make drains in order to carry off water from or preventing its injuring the said road,

The thirty-third Year of George III. 841

road, on or through the lands of ar.y person, not being a A.D. deer-park, orchard, haggard, yard, planted lawn, or avenue T~!Tr

to a mansion-house, and that every such person so appoint-

ed,ip. gz.

ed shall make satisfaction to the owners or occupiers of the

l ovviicis in

land for the damage that may be done thcrcbv, in like man- Put. ner, and under the like regulations as is, arc, or shall he enabled with respeil to damages clone by overseers appointed by the preferments of grand juries.

XL. And whereas great inconvenience has arisen, and the publick have been much endangered by water from mill-courses or drains having been turned upon parts of the said road, from whence there have not been sufficient passages to carry off the said water, and many bridges have been greatly injured by persons removing the foundations thereof in search of eels; and be it further enacted, That any person who ,-n-

shall turn upon, or make a way for any such water to go upon any part of the said road, or shall turn any such water way sum-avr

4 r ' t to go on l-t 1

into the trenches by the fide of any part of the said roads, loui.ur inm without such person having first made, or that there shall -

have been first made by some other person or persons, a sufficient drain to carry off the said water, so that such water >|[ ,h'.

J fotiwlauoii o»

mall not injure any part of the said road, or iiia.ll pull out, o»>-bi«uc or Temovc, or injure any part of the foundation, or any other n,;Vc-;i-"i,c part of any bridge, or wall, or fence, to any quarry, pit, *"juI-M",-'K*.t hole, river, or water-course, or injure any mile-stone, or direction-post, or shall build any house, or part of a house,

within forty-five feet of the centre of any part of the said road, except in a corporate or borough town, or shall build

waft or ditch

any wall, or make nny ditch within thirty-five feet of the i-.ulm centre of any part of the said road, or shall build any wind-mill within one hundred yards of any part of tile said road, ""’l'" ,', J or shall remove' any of the materials which shall have been >' used for filling any ditch, or any part of any ditch, or fitrni or mint destroy or take down any part of the backs or banks which are or shall be raised between nny part of the said road, and the drains or trenches on the fide of such road, or shall make or have any way or passage from the fit id road into the lands a adjoining, without placing a gutter or arch underneath such way or passage, as deep as the drain or ditch over which it is or shall be made, fit as to allow ail water which may at w iiir:i any time be therein full room to r.tfs, or shall bum, nr per- '»

ffiit or fnffer to be burned on his or her lands, brie!:.. lime,

Vol. XVI. 1 c 1) or

10 f.M

842

The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

or weeds, or vegetable substance, for allies, within one hun-17S3- dred feet of the centre of the said road, every fuel) person shall for every fitch offence, upon conviction thereof, by the confession of the party, or by the oath or affirmation of one credible witness, before any justice of the peace, cr upon the view of such justice, forfeit the i'urn of five pounds; pmaity on and if any person shall keep, or have in his or her pof-mXf or"'’ fclDon, any cur-dog, mastiff, or bull-dog, at any houfo bull ilog, within fifty yards of the said road, without a block of wood

vMuim 50 J

yar<h,without of five pounds weight at the lead fastened to the neck of every such dog, or shall winnow, or lay out for winnowing any com,'"yin's5 corn on fa'd roa<^> or lay any A raw, dung, or rub-onah’e^Md ' thereon, or shall ferape the fame, or shall lay tile scouring or earth of any ditch or drain, or any turf on the said nr having any road, or shall leave on any part of the fame, between en-tinrcVin, ,-ic- elofure and cnclosure, or permit to be left thereon, opposite rqn jsiicni", 0l. near to jjs or |)er ]10Ufe) any carriage whatsoever, or any plough or harrow, without the horse or horses, or other bead or bcafis being harnessed thereto, unless such carriages as being nCluzlly travelling, and having persons in them, or luggage the property of passengers, shall flop to change horses, and which shall not continue more than one hour, or such carriage as shall have been accidentally broken down there, orfciineany and cannot be removed without repair; or shall fetor plant

fin rii 1 nr

wiii in $c> fat

of tciiut,

r«r injuring hiot-piitli,

Sc. Sc.

any fereft tree, or the feed of any such tree within fifty feet of the centre of any part of such road, or shall break down or injure any foot-path, or ride, lead, or drive, any horse or other beast on any part of any foot-path, or injure any horse-block, or any other thing which shall be made, crefied, or put up upon any part of the said road, for the fprrn.iing nfe of tj)e fajj road, or for the convenience of travellers, or

nt:y «fC.

within «oo if any person shall spread out any linen, blanket, or winnow Mi bcai.iic ’ cloth within one hundred feet of the centre of the said road, so-iimb'"" or I*13A beat or dry any flax, or leave any timber, stones, c pt tii iir sand’ ctay 1 I'ine, or other matter, on the said road, except nf rra.i.) for the use of the said road, or shall leave, or permit to be or IcavfjM left, the carcase of any horse, or other beast, or shall skin " ioo y!i','iiV the fame, or permit it to be flrihncd on the said road, or rtpi l'i' a’ X w'lh'n one hundred yards of the centre thereof, except in a limii'f, Sc. house or yard enclosed with walls, or shall lead or drive any

01 tisivltt,:

am Ac car or carriage with timber, boards, or iron, laid across, so OT i’iia"'^ as that either end thereof shall project beyond the wheels or

tip! aiiiicicinj fides

The thirty-third Year (,f George III.

fines of the carriage, or on which shall be laid any beams or pieces of limber or plank, or pieces of plank above the length of thirteen feet, except on carriages with four wheels, or carts or two common cars so placed together, that the beams, or pieces, or planks, shall be laid lengthways thereon, or shall drag any timber or miil-flor.es along any part of the I’niHionc. said road, without being supported by wheels from touching iu.innS ili'm, the fame, or shall erect any sign-post, or any May-pole, or May-biifh, on any part of the said road, or shall place or "’-'i'-pob-.

VI ’ r or ;uy tins.

erect any turf flack on any part of the said road, every per- j f

fnn so offending, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum ta-fs. of twenty shillings, upon conviction before any jnllice of the pcare, by the oath of one credible witness, or upon the view of such justice; which penalties and forfeitures shall be levied, if not paid upon conviction, by did refs upon the goods and chattels of the offender, by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice, returning the overplus to the owner.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That ail dung, dirt, draw, rubbifii, stones, gravel, fane!, or lime, which shall he

7 J C. 7 ’ «<:. |,-,1 ,h

laid on the said road, shall be, and is hereby declared to be r*w.i. f.v- forfeited to the said John Anderson, and the said William Bourne, and to be their sole property, and shall be sold by them, or either of them, for the use of the said road, or otherwise disposed of by them as they shall think fit.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That for every car load of scouring or earth thrown out of any drain or ditch on the said road, and which shall be drawn away by the said John Anderson, and the said William Bourne, cr their order, the roa.l. owner or occupier of the land which such drain or ditch divides from the said road, shall forfeit the sum of one shilling fur every day the same shall have remained thereon, upon conviction in manner aforesaid.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for every person whatsoever, to take and carry away, and convert to his or her own use, any corn which shall be laid on the said road for the purpofs of being winnowed, or shall be winnowing thereon, or reinau! thereon after being winnowed, together with the fecks or winnowing cloths wherein the fame may happen to be, and also all timber which shall be left cn art" part of the said i

i i-i r nisi!

IS. p r*1 sy i«*r

cvc*y car-

loul of c-»*« tHrotvit 03

Ev.rr rcr-

U .:. t a 7 iu/iv (.o a tv u:i

a* <] ill

rctacl 4$ and h.mrj, CX*

c.pthyoulxr

/hall have remained thereon lor iorf-eight hours, not naving «> i>.,m ,\m-

i

D

| Jo.JvH J,lj

PC*Lri

844

Tie thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

been brought or kept there by order of the said John An-1793* derson, and the said William Bourne, or for the use of the said road, without the let, salt, trouble, or hindrance of any Emmie, »r person whatsoever.

life of road. 4 t

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may r.m'and"'1^ be lawful for the said John Anderson, or the said William

maidownm- Bourne, or such person or persons as they shall authorize to pull down, or fill up, and level any wall,

butties, &c.

pull down

lill up wall:, thereto, ditches, Sic.

began since drain, or ditch, which shall be built or made, or began lo within j; rent be built and made after the passing of this act, upon any part ofccmi*; of the said road, or within thirty-five feet of the centre of ami forest the said road, and to cut down and remove any forelt tree jofcrtllf"1 which shall be set or planted after the passing of this act, conirei within fifty feet of the centro of any part of the said road,

nmi cut down and to cut down, lop or top bullies new growing or Handing, or which may hereafter grow or Hand adjoining to any part of the said road, or on the hedges, or in the banks thereof, and to cut down all bufiies or hedges which are or shall be more than five feet above the level of the said road, or nearer than forty-five feet of the centre thereof, occupier: ne- nrfo to take and carry away the fame, the owners or occupiers neglecting to cut down such bullies for twelve days after notice in writing given for that purpose, under the hand of any magistrate or commissioner, or of the said John Anderson, or the said William Bourne, and to take lip any way or passage from the said road into any field or land adjoining, which may obstruct the free passage of water, and . to remake the fame by building a gutter or fewer, or arch

ami fcoiir, &c. therein, at a sufficient depth, and to scour and clear away all obstructions which may happen to be made in any drain for carrying away water from the said road, or for prevented pull down ing its injuring the fame, and to pull down and remove any yjgn_p0ft which shall be crested contrary to this act, first obtaining a warrant under the hand and seal of any magistrate, or any of the commissioners, or of the said John An-tspencelevied derson, or the said William Bourne, for so doing, and to tf diiiicfs. |eVy t]lc CXpence thereof, by distress and sale of the goods of the offender, pr of the owner or occupier of the land wherein such way, passage, or drain, or bushes shall be, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner on demand.

Grand jury

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may

junikl oru be lawful for the grand jury at any assizes or quartei fefij-

gledling lo cut down buflsw 11 days aJicr notice,

and take up any way, &c.

ons.

The thy, Iv-ihlrd Ter.r of George III.

on?, to present nnv linufo, or pvt of :i hnufo, or lime-kiln, to he pulled down, which thaii iv imilt contrary to this act, within their county, and tint the eviiona's of so doing. be levied cflilie goods and rhattclt of the nfiender; and that it shall and may he lawful for apv person to kill any dog which shall be kept contrary to lid-; a cl, without being filed or prosecuted for so doing.

XLVI. And -he further cnacced, That if any overseer or inspector' or other person authori/.ed by the faiil John Anderson, or the said Wiliiatn Bourne, to act as sue’ii, Hull omit to apply for any fitch warrant for forty-eight hours after lie shall have been informed., or have seen any of the said offences or matters, or having obtained such warrant, shall omit for forty-eight hours to execute the lame, unless prevented by the severity of weather, or shall omit to apply at the next enfning iellions or ai’kes for such presentment as aforesaid, or shall delay or ncyleb! to feiuc, prosecute for, and levy any of the penalties for offences again/! this act, which shall come or happen within his knowledge, vi; tv, or information, he shall forfeit the Ann of five pounds fur every such omission, delay or negiefl, upon conviction thirc-of before any justice. of the peace, upon the oath of any or.c credible witness.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That if the driver or person in care of any car, cart, clrav, or waggon, or carriage, shall ride upon the fame, on any part of the said road, not having foinc other person on foot, or on horseback, to guide the fame, (such carriages as are respectively drawn, by one horse only, or two horses a-breast, with bridles in their mouths, and arc concluded by some person holding the reins of such bridles excepted); or if the driver or person in care of any carriage, shall by negligence or wilful mifbc-haviour, hinder, obstruci or interrupt the pa/fane of any other carriage, or any of his Majesty's ful jects on the Paid road; or if the driver or person in care of any empt- r.- unloaded car, cart, or other carriage, shall refute or rc-.di.-if; to turn aside, and to make way for any coach, chariot, cuaife, loaded waggon, cart, car. dray, or other loaded carriage, every such person being convicted thereof, by his own enn-fe/iion, or by the oath of any one credible witness, before any justice of the peace, /hail, for every such off; nee, if such offender be not the owner cf fu.-ii t-rriage, forfeit lire fan V.O l . XVI. ;c Is of

8i5 A. IX

/9e C 11 ). ’ 2.

t’ 11-- »ii'1, b) !»: ,>.* tj 'ti -a

>'X|* lilV- if-

<<f «!’!' I \ I

il. ;. n ,/ mI til.

O.vr’ ft-, ’cc

tiMio ;i,» > y tin, uuw ciitf i r-tod's a*tcr km* v-1 4-c of of.

ffjcc. utiTf'j |..cwi.ti,| by

v, L.uiicr

nr (>nvtii\.» in u, ,.v fir

ot 11, k /f,

wc. /..rlcti 5l.

I i.l

nr iiV'ii.rt!rjj tlu jiJL. 1,

to

<ir

Oll.ll,

846 A.D. 1793. Chap. 32.

fuel? offenders may be apprehended by any person.

Persons refitting, or uffauhing col-livloiSj &c.

or attempting a re A: in.

or constable iifgljcrii’.u to execute a uur-tar.i, Anftit from 4c1l. to lot. or Ibfler 3 ninii'h>.-m-

jTiiuill.K:-!.

T

oonmidlion-i Ti, A C- <X'C.

witter to mer act', fron I'.'.us to Marx l»oi«>*»j:h. ami i noun-vav. to Limerick. to ttrli-vc* a! ho. k-, jn,maps, am! :i. .‘om.ts, t.» ,v:!o:i ap-p. lu'i'it I*'-' ja.» U’ A*’

The thirty-third Year of George III.

of ten /hillings; and if such offender shall be the owner of such carriage, he shall forfeit the sum of twenty /hillings, and every such offender shall, upon non-payment thereof, be committed by such justice, to the gaol or house of corredli-on, there to be kept to hard labour, for any time not exceeding one month, or until the said fine be paid; and every such offender or person in care of such carriage, offending in any of the said cases, may, by the authority of this act, and without any other warrant, be apprehended . by any person who shall fee such offence committed, and conveyed or delivered to a constable, or other peace officer, to be conveyed before some justice of the peace.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any person or persons shall refill, or make forcible opposition against any person or persons employed in the due execution of this ndl, or shall assault any collector of the tolls, or any in-spector or overseer, in the execution of his or their office or offices, or shall make, or attempt to make, any refeue of cattle, carriage, or other goods distrained or foiled1 by virtue of this act; or if any constable, or fub-eon liable, shall refuse or neglect to execute any warrant granted by any justice, or by any commissioner pursuant to the directions of this act, every such person offending therein, and being convicted thereof before any justice of the peace, by his or her owr. confeifion, or by the oath of one credible witness, shall, for every such offence, forfeit any sum not exceeding ten pounds, nor less than forty /hillings, at the discretion of such justice; and in case the same shall not be immediately paid, such justice is hereby empowered and required to commit such offender to the common gaol or house of correction, there to remain for any time not exceeding three months, unless the said forfeiture shall be sooner paid.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the frustees, commissioners, treasurer, clerks, and all others acting under, or by virtue of the several acts respecting that part of the said road, from Naas to Maryborough, and from Toomavara to Limerick, hereby repealed, shall deliver upon demand made by a treasurer, or such other person as shall be appointed by the said John Anderson, and William Bourne, all books, papers, maps and accounts, respecting the said road; and that all monies which shall have arisen, or may arise, by virtue of the said acts hereby repealed, and shall be payable

The slit ly-ilird- Tan (f George III. "47

able to the trullecs thereby appointed, or be in their hands, A.D. or in the hands of their treasurer, together with all fccuri- /Katies for money due, or to be due to them, as irnflces of the SddJT. said road, shall be paid and handed over by them, or their 3 j;:11'" ";'5 secretary, to the treasurer, or sue.h other person as shall be so appointed; and all fuel) monies shall be applied towards fcch mraip the purposes of this act, or towards payment of such part of i» ,i.npU.s ,.f the sum of two. thousand pounds, lent as aforesaid, by the isid John Anderfoti, and the said William Bourne, to the trustees of part of the said road, for the repair of the said road, and which may remain due to the said John Anderson, and the said William Bourne, after the passing of this act, and towards the purposes of this act, in such manner as the said commissioners, or any seven or more of them shall think proper; and that alimonies which became due, and that mmim d-:e may become due before the passing of this act, to the Iruf- hrmiun* tees of treasurer of the said road, from Maryborough to Too- JJr'eu.'c’s mavara, by any person or persons whatsoever, and all bonds r,l' and other securities for the fame, shall be veiled in, and isaiwdinv, payable to James Stephens Brownlow, and William Meagher, esquires, and the survivor of them, and the executors or administrators of such survivor, to be paid by them, or either of them, or the executors, or the administraters of the survivor of them, to and amongst the creditors of the find road, from Maryborough to Toomavara rateably, according to their demands, as soon as they, or either of them, may receive the same, or any part thereof, first deducting the colls, expences, and charges that may incur, in filing for, and recovering the fame; and that all bonds and other securities, »i>! .-a i'.--due or executed by any person or persons for, or on account aujpao". of the said road from Maryborough to Toomavara, or of the iv!'i"1"*j"ii tolls thereof, and all books, deeds, writings, ami papers of any kind, relating to said road, or to the tolls thereof, in J. S. is the hands of the treasurer, or clerk of the said road, or in ,\!r, Fii--, [-, the hands of any other person or persons whatsoever, shall, -

immediately on demand, be handed over to said lames Ste-

J J a-ul

phens Brownlow, arid William Meagher, or either of them, --or to their order, and that they file said limes Stephens Brownlow, and William Meagher, and the survivor of them, and the executors or administrators of such survivor, fh:.l! hive full power and authority in their own names, and lh:ii! be capable to fuc for, and recover i 11 any of his M-iicki't 10 E 0, twin:-

848 The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D. 1793. Chap. 32.

: 1! airvcnkmS for lit rim; t'-l'/j V01J.

Tfuflw or oilier jierson vefuling to jtive up all iltecl:;, books, c ( tlay; after iienun.1, !oid chanc. May make or-t'er, &c.

lug!- i-lilljT to t vr

VC.

«Mf VI. lull

<h\t aitcr <!un:ii>!. to ...mu ap. j>r'c.l hv l;t:! A:»i!t s!..n

Im.iimu*, )or.1 e'i iik. tnr.y make

V «c«, not lartv <)o<.'t.>1. ro.iv 1.- Uv\dliv by

tv,ti-

m. or i':r eumi'iii-t. ti for 5

courts of law cr equity, all and every sum and fu:ns of money so due, or that may become due before the passing of this net, and to give discharges for the fame, and to settle all accounts relative to the fame-, and that any agreement or lease for felting the tolls of the said road, or any part thereof, or for any other purpose respecting the said road, which may be made for any term or period after the passing of this act, by the trustees appointed by the said act, toll be null and void.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any trustee, treasurer, clerk, or other person, shall neglect or refuse on demand, or within six days after demand, to deliver to the said James Stephens Brown-low, and William Meagher, or either of them, or the survivor of them, or the executors or administrators of Inch survivor, all inch deeds, hooks, papers, writings, and accounts, as respect or relate to any part of the said road, from Maryborough to Toomavara, and all money, and securides for money, payable or due, or to become due, to the trustees hereof, or to their late or any treasurer for, or rel'pccling the said road, that it shall and may be lawful for the lord chancellor, or lord keeper, or lords commissioners, for the custody of the great lea! for the time being, upon the hearing of the case, to make fitch order, as to justice shall appertain.

LI. And lie il further enacted, That if any trust.ee, treasurer, clerk, or ether person, shall neglect or refuse upon demand, or within six days after demand, to deliver to the treasurer, or fuclt other person as shall be appointed by the said John Anderson, and the said William Bourne, for the purpose aforesaid, all fuclt books, papers, maps, and accounts, as respect or relate to any part of the said road, and to deliver and give up all money, and securities for numev, due to the irustees, for any part of the said road, that it shall be lawful for the lord chancellor, or lord keeper, or lords commtiiioners, for the custody of the great seal for the time being, upon the healing of the case, to make fuclt order as to justice may pertain.

LU. And be it further enacted, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, imposed for any offence committed against this act, the manner of levying, and applying which, is not herein particulat'y dircifted, shall and may be levied by distress and falc of the offenders goods, by warrant under the hand and seal of the jtiftice before whom the offender shall be convicted, by 1 he oath of one credible witnei's, or his or her own confession; and in case of non-payment thereof, or of any fine or penalty which shall he imposed by the authority of this act, the offender shall be committed by fitch juf-j tice,

The thirty-third Year of George III. 849

tice, by warrant under his hand and seal, to the common gaol, or A.D. house of correction, there to remain without bail or mainprize, for 1793* any time not exceeding three months, or until the said line, forfeiture, or penalty be paid; and every Inch line, forfeiture or pc- application uf liaity, when paid, shall be applied by the said John Anderson, and William Bourne, in aid of the toils towards the uses of the road, and in rewarding the informer, or panics cor.viGing, and the constables, or other persons assisting, or partly in cue, and partly in the other of the said ways, as to the said Joint Anderson, and to the said William Bourne, shall seem proper.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That every justice of the peace JuBir« to shall have power within his jurisdiction, to administer all oaths Sml'i'lmi which are hereby required or directed, or which may he necessary for the purposes of this act; and if any person shall take or subscribe any oath or affirmation, prescribed or empowered to be taken j’Jp ijjish' by virtue of, or in pursuance of this act, or for the purposes of carrying this act into execution, and shall wilfully affirm, or 1‘wcar. fm j'djm 1. falsly therein, every such person shall upon conviction, fufler the pains and penalties enacted against persons guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where an oath Mm.ni1.11 is prescribed or mentioned in this act, the affirmation of the party, ^"1"^,. if he or she be a quaker, shall and may be made or taken in the place of such oath.

LV. And be it further enacted, That where any distress shall he DiC.itfii made for any sum or films of money, to be levied by virtue of this ,'r

act, the distress itself shall not be' deemed unlawful, nor the party of f"". or parties making the same, be deemed a treipaficr or trespassirs ^crlnu.-nay on account of any default, or want of form in any proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the party or parties distraining, be deemed "on. a trespasser or trespassers ab initio, on account of any irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the party or parties distraining, but the person or persons aggrieved by such irregularity may recover full satisfaction for the speci.il damage, in an action on the case.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every port of the /.a e-.r p-i-present line of the said road, and of all other rivals at prefcii! made, iVi\\i'ii'ic ,[ and which may be included in the said intended line of road, and ",l,c

' ’ fl

all the said new line of road to be made, pursuant to the power:, 1 ..»«-< f il«s-and in virtue of this act, shall be wit bin, and subject to the [’.owers c-. j..' of the fame, and of no other law wlntibcvcr.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That the said h.-hu Antic: and the said William Bourne, and each a:! evjrv everfler who , :iV'l’JV.

850 The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

shall be appointed by the said John Anderson, and the said William 179.3. Bourne, shall have the like power and authorities, as any of the Chap. 32. overseers appointed under any of the laws now in force, or which to Have pmv- maybe hereafter made, for the amending, repairing, or making ">»appoint'd ^1C PnMic roads now have, or are, or shall be entitled to wider any

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said John Anderson, and the said William Bourne, the supervisors, collectors, and TeaaUn said other persons nominated by, them, shall have all and Angular Anderson and the fame powers and authorities, and the like regulations, penal-persons’nomi- ties and forfeitures, shall affect and extend to every part of any new them *>r road laid out by the said John Anderson, and the said William Bourne, as are provided or enacted with respect to any part of

preferred by lhe present road; and that every map, declaration, and affidavit «o. treasurer. respecting the fame, shall be prefen'ed amongst the records of the county, with whose treasurer the same shall have been deposited.

Said Aiv

LIX. And whereas the said John Anderson, and the said William

Bomne pro- Bourne, have proposed to immediately lend to the several trustees Sfoeo/'to t'le r03^> from ^aas to Maryborough and Ballyroan, and pro- from Maryborough to Limerick, or to such other person or persons payment and as fit all be authorised to receive and apply the fame, twenty seven eured^ |C thousand pounds, for the purpose of having the said road put into proper repair; provided that they the said John Anderson, and the said William Bourne, shall be secured in the re-payment of the said sum of twenty seven thousand pounds, and of the regular interest if said pro- which shall grow on the said sum: and whereas the said John An-

poiitiuu be

not approved, derlon, and the said William Bourne, have further proposed, that f'cirrity for"' should such proposition not be approved and acceded to, that then 2;'00°l- *» and in that case, they the said John Anderson, and the said Wii-

widen and *._J

repair the old Ham Bourne, for and in consideration of the said entire tolls of the a°y»i» after road, being assigned and made over to them, or the survivor, bled by pre" or t*lc a®gncc of such survivor, to the full extent, and in manner dentment, Sc. aforesaid, on the passing of this act, for and during the term of thirty years, to he computed from the period aforesaid, and in virtue of the powers verted in them, and each of them, by this act, that they will give such security as shall be required, to the amount of twenty thousand pounds, and enter into a recognizance for the fame, in the court of chancery, in the usual manner, conditioned to fulfil the conditions to be specified, and set therein, namely, that they will within two years at the furthest, from such period as «pcnw,°fa« they shall be empowered and enabled by the preferment of any a» to widen- grand jury, to the extent, and in manner heretofore stated so to do, compciii’fig widen, or causeto be widened, in manner prefertted, every part of . I such

The thirty-third Year of George III. 851

such old road so presented to be widened, and they will put the on- A.D. tire of such old road io presented, into perfefl repair, at the ex- 179J-pence of them the said John Anderson, and William Bourne, five as to the'aid widening and recompeniing the Lmd-owncts for the time.

LX. And be it further enacted, Tint it shall he lawful for every grand jury of every county through which any parr of the said road shall pass, to present any sum of money, not le's than one shilling fer perch for a foot-path, and to canfc the money so pre/ertied, to be paid to the said John Anderson, and the said William Bourne, which foot-path so presented, shall be made and kept in proper repair, by the said John Anderson, and the said William Bourne, in like manner as the several parts of the said road, and subject to the like regulations and penalties.

LXI. And be it enacted, That within four years at the furthefi, from such period as they shall be empowered and enabled by the preferment of any grand jury, to the extent and in manner afore-iitid so to do, and shall have all neceliitry bridges built in manner aforesaid, they will make perfect the entire of such new road so presented in manner aforesaid, and that they will keep, or cause to be kept, the entire of such road so presented as aforesaid, in perfect repair, for and during the remainder of the said term of thirty years, to be computed as aforesaid.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That if after the expiration of four years, from preferments having been granted to the extent, and in manner herein before named, it shall appear to the lord

Ginn.! ja-

tifa mty ji*c-

U nt nut It f, th.M> ts. per jh ic’.i for tael

Within s

yCJ!> at In.— thrit, Jrutn time o! i»c-

Icmnitnt, whole rood to i>e kept in jicrlcci tipnir Jor tcmaiti'kr of faui

If <*fter sj.

VfiliS Ih.m preleHtiiin.fi bi'itiggi. t.icii, m, herein,

chancellor, or lord keeper, or lords commissioners, for the custody 27.0°°! imi of the great seal for the time being, that any part of the said iinc of petit,!, road from Naas to Maryborough, and Ballyroan, and from Ma-ryborough to Limerick, is not in complete repair, and if upon 20,000l. reexamination it shall appear to the said lord chancellor, or lord JL'iln'iaij' keeper, or lords commissioners, that tlte said sum of twenty seven lolli’ 8!<: thousand pounds, shall not have been expended in effecttiating the said repair and improvements, to the extent and in manner herein before named, it shall be lawful for the said lord chancellor, or lord keeper, or lords commissioners, to levy the said penalty of twenty thousand pounds, upon the said John Anderson, ami the said William Bourne, and to sequester the tolls of the said road, and by such person or persons as the said lord chancellor, or lord keeper, or lords commissioners shall deem fit to apply the said penalty of twenty thousand pounds, and the said tolls, to the repair of the said road, and to continue to so apply the said tolls, until the said road shall have been put in to complete order and repair.

10 F 2 LXIII. And

Any commifiiuner may cal! a meeting, if lie deems part of Toad to be in bad repair, after years, as herein j

if it appear to a majority out of 4, that part of dlf-trift is out of repair, a petition may he preferred to lord chancellor, Ac.

chancellor may order a receiver to be appointed, and may np p >int <1 pOi fen to over fee,

Arc. with

IS. 6d. perl.

Ac.

‘When the road is thoroughly repaid d, hid Anderson and iiourne prefer a pciiiion, a> beiein;

if it appear to |.nd clwne. nr 6 out of 7 commii>.o..-

The thirty-third Year of George III.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said commissioners of any of the said districts respectively, of the said road, shall at any time during the continuance of this act, after the term of four years from the parting of the fame, for and during the remainder of the said term of thirty years, deem any part of such district of the said road out of repair, that it shall be lawful for the said commissioners to call a meeting of the rest of the commissioners of such district, by notice to be ported on the several toll-gates within such district, which notice shall specify the cause of such required meeting, and shall be polled on such gates, at least ten days before the day appointed for such meeting; and if it shall appear to a majority out of four of the said commissioners, at such meeting so called, that any part of the road within such district is out of repair, it shall be lawful for the said majority of the said commissioners, to prefer a petition to the lord chancellor, or lord keeper, or lords commissioners for the custody of the great seal for the time being, setting forth the matter of said complaint; and the said lord chancellor, or lord keeper, or lords commissioners for the custody of the great seal, may, upon the hearing of the matter of the said complaint, make an order to have a receiver appointed, to receive the amount of the said tolls, and to appoint such person as to the said lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commissioners may seem meet, a proper and suitable person to orerfee and lay out the fame, in the repairing and amending the said road, with one stuffing and six pence per pound for receiving and laying out, and accounting for the fame, and that such person or persons so appointed, shall continue to receive and to apply the said tolls, in manner aforesaid, until the said road shall be put into perfect repair, by such person or persons, or by the said John Anderson, or the said William Bourne.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That at such time as the said road shall have been thoroughly repaired by the said John Anderson, or by the said William Bourne, or by the person or persons so appointed by the said lord chancellor, or lord keeper, or lords commissioners, it shall be lawful for the said John Anderson, or the said William Bourne, to prefer a petition to the lord chancellor for the time being, setting forth the repair of such district of the said road, or by notice to be polled in manner aforesaid, and specifying as aforesaid, to call a meeting of the said commissioners of such district of the said road; and if it shall appear to the said lord chancellor, or lord keeper, or lords commissioners, or to a majority

The thirty-third Year of George III.

rity conlifiing of fix out of seven, of the commissioners assembled at such meeting, that such distrifl of said road shall have been perfe£Hy repaired, the said lord chancellor, or the lord keeper, or the lords commissioners, or the said majority of the said commissioners so assembled, may give an order under the hand and seal of the said lord chancellor, or lord keeper, or lords commissioners, or under the hands and seals of the said commissioners, to the person or persons so appointed by the lord chancellor, or lord keeper, or lords commissioners, to relinquish and totally resign to the said John Anderson, or the said William Bourne, or to such person or persons as they shall authorize thereto, the management of the repair of the said district of the said road, and of the tolls thereof, which said management, and said tolls, the said persons are required on receiving such notice as aforesaid, to resign to the said John Anderson, or to the said William Bourne, or to such person or persons as shall be authorized by them to receive the same.

LXV. And in as much as the present creditors have little or no expeflation of receiving any part of the sum for which they have received debentures upon the said road; be it enacted, That each debenture of fifty pounds, at present Handing out on that part of the road which lies between Naas, Ballyroan, and Maryborough, under any law now in being, shall (land as a security for fifteen pounds only, with interest for the fame, at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, on said fifteen pounds, payable from the first day of May, which will be in the year one thousand eight hundred; and upon that part of the said road which lies between the said town of Maryborough, and the town of Toomavara, shall Hand as a security for seven pounds ten shillings, and no more, for each fifty pounds; and upon all the residue of the said road, each debenture as aforesaid, of fifty pounds, shall (land as a security for five pounds only, and no more, with like rate of interest, and payable from the first day of May, one thousand eight hundred, as aforesaid.

LXVI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no part of the powers, nor no part of the tolls aforesaid, shall be veiled in or assigned to the said John Anderson, or the said William Bourne, by virtue of this act, unless the said John Anderson, and the said William Bourne, shall first enter into

Vol. XVI. io G and

erf, tlj t lucii dist'ift In* p:rliilly impaired, loul dianc.

& c. may k;vc an order u> pcifju appointed to resign mtna^e-ment to fiiti Bourne and AiiJcif.ni.

Outlhmling debentures for 50l. each, on road between Naas, Ballyroan am! Maryborough, to (land for 15). and 5 per cent, in-tcrell from ill May 18 00,

from Maryborough to Toomavara, 7l. ioj. fur

50I,

upon all the rclt $1. for 50l. with like interest,

Powers or tolls not veiled in said A11-derson and Bourne, until security entered into.

854 $T/&« thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

and give security in manner aforesaid, for the due application

793* of the same.

LXVII. Provided always, That all bridges necessary to be Prtfcnimcn's |JUHt over and across any dream or river interfedinz any of

for bridges 10 ' J o /

be at the ai- the Paid new line of road, for which presentments shall have uifuinjMiiii been applied for in manner heretofore dated, shall have Mi’nwinci been presented at the assizes next ensuing after passing this

kit|nr[toad a<^> or at the assizes following; and provided that the words to biiilgcs*11* P"ttinS l*lc *"a'^ road ’nto PerfC(^ repair, and keeping the said implies only road in fuel) repair, (ha'll not be deemed to imply more re-iimrcof. speding any of the said bridges than relates to the mere road part or surface of the said bridges.

When faiil

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That when the said ^"eTav"11 John Anderson, and the said William Bourne, shall have given fecuniy, ojven such security in manner aforesaid, it shall- be lawful

they may exe- c /

cute all privi- for them the said John Anderson, and the said William 3o')Ta?sLfrom Bourne, to enter upon and execute all and every the feve-jufiing tint ra] privileges, powers, and immunities deputed, to and vested in them by this act, for and during the continuance of the said term of thirty years, to be computed from the passing of this act.

Said Auder*

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That from and after

mav^from" *-be pacing of this act, fuel) security being first given, it shall

raffing of this be lawful for the said John Anderson, and the said William act, amlpiv-

ing security. Bourne, to demand and receive by such person or persons said lolls, tie. as they shall authorize (hereto, all and every the said tolls for 30 years, a(. fevera] gates, to the full, extent and in the manner aforesaid, and under the said conditions for and during the said. term of thirty years, to be computed as aforesaid, and that- from and after the passing of this act, the whole right of receiving- the said tolls, and of applying the same, shall be. vested in the said John.- Anderson, and the said William. Bourne, and the surviv.or of them, and the executors, and ad mini (Ira tors of such, surviv.or, for and, during the said; term of thirty years, to be computed' as. aforesaid, any d"no,?suror°'- Aatute or law to the contrary- notwithstanding; fu.bjed ne-£"J. vertheless to the conditions.aforesaid; and7nqt;othprwife.

Form uf Ij>XX. Audi be it further; enacted, That in-all: cases; where rrupm.^r"'.’ grand, juries, are-empowered: to present any.-sum, or sums of <— motley^ for the carrying-, into- effect. each of the: federal pur-f.ive sv i,y jz poles of this act t-hc fpv.era] fpws of pjefenjtments (hall! be. " 3'^ J° purfbed

The thirty-third Year of George III. j

pursued and observed, as are provided and observed upon A.D. presentment roads, or elsewhere, and to be accounted for in 1793* like manner, and subject in every respect to the like regula-lions, save as herein before named, or favc as provided by an act of the thirty-second of George the third, entitled, An act for improving and keeping in repair the pof roads of this kingdom.

LXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- UiAkvnif said, That the several persons possessing debentures for or I'imil, upon any part of the said road, shall within three months after the passing of this act, enter with the treasurer, or moi,ll,s. stich other person as shall be appointed as aforesaid, to receive the several accounts aforesaid, respecting the said road, a particular account of their said debentures, (fating the amount of such debentures, and the date and nature thereof.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the first From ill day of May, one thousand eight hundred, the said John Anderson, £ Aifda-and tile said William Bourne, shall begin to pay to such person or persons as Hull be duly authorized to receive the same, interest on reftinDui)- the sums allowed by this act on each debenture respectively, and ,'it n",v'"fa shall on every first day of November, and every first day of May, at a lioilfe to be appointed in Dublin; and of which house due no- M be id«n tice shall he given in the Dublin gazette, continue regularly to pay fitch interest to the owner of such debenture, who shall produce fitch debenture with the owners receipt for the interest on such debenture, and an authority from the owner to receive the same.

LXXIII'. And be it further enacted, That if any part of the said , !f

t J , !)tr unpaid y

interest shall be behind or unpaid by the said John Anderson, and days ion) rile said William Bourne, for seven days after the days so appointed ^XaTrc-for the payment thereof, the lord chancellor, or lord keeper, or cnKr‘ lords commissioners of the great seal, may upon a petition and affidavit, appoint a receiver to receive so much of the tolls of tiic said road, as may be necessary to pay such interest, and the receivers fees, and all reasonable cods attending such application, or may make such order for sequestering the tolls for the payment thereof, as to justice shall pertain.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for SaV, An-

_ i r derson awl

tire laid John Anderson, or the said William Bourne, to purchase. Bourne may

hire; or rent all such ground as may be necessary for raising gravel j^1"

orstones for the use of any part of the said road, or for depositing ,or

v . r . gravel, &c.'

materials for repairing the fame, or laying by the lcrapings and cleamfing thereof.

io G 2

LXXV.

856 The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

LXXV. And to avoid the expence and inconvenience of fepa-, 1793' rate leases of each spot of ground, which they may take at a yearly rent ^or any ('ie purposes aforesaid mentioned in this act, or in A memorial any former act or acts: be it further enacted, That where the said mentoragree- J°hn Anderson, and the said William Bourne, shall take any meiKs^for^ ground by agreement, at a yearly rent for any of the said purposes, yearly rent, a memorial of such agreement signed by the said John Anderson, regC office, or the said William Bourne, entered in the regillry office at the sufficifiu e»i- caftje of Dublin, stall be sufficient evidence of such agreement, to all intents and purposes, and that as many agreements as the said John Anderson, or the fold William Bourne shall think proper, may be contained in one such memorial.

Where rent

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where the

rained by a rents to be paid for any ground, for any of the purposes aforesaid,

oTtlieir'ye"1 after tained by a jury, the record of the verdict of such

dia sufficient jury shall be sufficient evidence as aforesaid, without any demile

being actually executed pursuant thereto.

Maps of

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where

pans of road John Anderson, and the said William Bourne, shall alter taken off, or J 7 7

discontiniied. the present road, by taking off any unneceifory angles, or making

Sth'colura- a new line of road, they shall cause a map of such parts of the pre-

surer; sent road as shall in consequence thereof be discontinued by them as

part of the turnpike road for the use of travellers, to be deposited

with the treasurers of the county in which such parts shall be situ-

if grand jury ate; and if the grand jury of such county shall not within eight

fuchpart'w'1 months from the time such map shall be so deposited, present such

be kept open parts to be kept open as a public road, it stall be lawful for the per-within 8 *. r \ , .,

moniha, own- ion or persons owning or occupying the ground adjoining the said

ers of land adjoining, may annex such to their own, on receiving notice

if they do not Hop it up in 6 days after notice, fudi part veiled in said Anderson and Bourne;

rent owing therefrom, applied to payment for grounds rent* cd or purchased.

road, on receiving notice in writing from the said John Anderson, or the said William Bourne, or from any three of the commissioners of the said road so to do, flop up such oid road so continued, and to annex and join it to the lands adjoining; and if the owner or occupier aforesaid, shall not within six days after notice shall be so given, effectually flop up such old road so to be discontinued, every such part of the said old road as shall not be 1b presented shall be, and is hereby declared to be vested in the said John Anderson, and the said William Bourne, for and during the remainder of the said term of thirty years aforesaid, for the benefit of the said John An-derson, and the said William Bourne, and shall and may be set by the said John Anderson, and the said William Bourne, or either of them, and the rent or money arising therefrom, shall be applied ' by them towards payment of the rents of such grounds as they may 6 think

The thirty-third Year of George III.

thinfc proper to take by yearly rent, cr to pttrebafe for any of the A.D. purposes herein before mentioned, or in any former act. 1793.

LXXVIII. Provided always, That no fitch presentment for keep- f^iap. 3 2. ing open any Inch part of the present road shall be made by any N, pufcm grand jury, except upon an affidavit of two credible persons, who can read and write, letting forth that inch part of the road is ne- kepi open,_cessary to be kept open, as a jntblic road for the convenience of Jjtir'hf'ic.c-travellers. ' ',aUs-

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if at any time there- if miners after the grand jury of fitch county shall present the same to be !‘f. I?:"!aJ'

o J J* imillllg part 10

(topped up, and if the person or persons owning or occupying the lit (topped up, land adjoining, shall not within six days after notice shall have been fofb a'a," I,'}’, given in manner aforesaid, dfeftually (top up tlte said road so pre- n"irbc"’t!-fented to be flopped up, it shall be immediately thereupon, and is tJ m I'aii! .-tn-hereby declared to be vested in the said John Anderson, and tlte Bournt. for said William Bourne, for the remainder of the said term of thirty of

years, without any further act done on their behalf, as iuliy as if the fame never had been presented to be kept open.

LXXX. And whereas it is necessary for the better management of the said road, that the drains on the Tides thereof, should be under thecontroul of the said John Anderson, and the said William Bourne; be it therefore enacted, That if any person shall feour, None 10 deepen, fill up, or widen any drain or ditch, or any pait of any an or«Meo'’’ drain or ditch on the fide of any part of the said road, without the order of the said John Anderson, or the said William Bourne, it without wi«-shall and may be lawful to and for the said John Anderson, or the or Bourne, said William Bourne, to cause the same to be filled up or floured as they may think lit, and to levy the expence thereof, by diilreis and sale of the goods of such person.

LXXXI. And whereas (lones, bricks, and dung, or manure frequently fall on the said road from the cars on which they are Joaden, and are left remaining thereon, to the great inconvenience of persons travelling the said road; be it therefore enacted, That Gm carry-

n . n t 1 t I"'1?

every car that shall carry any none?, bricks, dung, or manure on i,ncks,fjur.«,

the said road, shall he boarded on the front fidcs and back thereof, a'.Is with boards eight inches high at the kail; and that for every car limir, m pay . so loaden which shall not be boarded in manner aforesaid, it shall amt and may be lawful for the gate-keepers at every gate on the said road, to demand and take the sum of cr.e {billing for every Inch car every time it shall pass through any of the bid gates, in like manner and with the fame remedies upon refusal as in cate of any other toli now paid or pavaive at any turnpii.c-rate on the said road, and the owner cr owr-era c': every cm loadm at a>rv-

Vol. XVI. 10 a laid.

858 The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D. 1793.

If nny fu!t commenced, venue to be laid in co. Kildare, King's co. Qncen'seo. Tippcary, or Limerick:

defendant may plead general SiTue;

if verdict for defendant, &c. Sec. treble costs against plain-tits.

A publick act.

said, without being boarded as aforesaid, shall forfeit the sura of ten shillings, upon conviction on the oath of one credible witness before any justice of the peace within his jurisdiction, which sum shall be levied and applied in the manner before directed.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any iuit shall be commenced against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, that in every such case the venue in such action shall be laid in one of the counties of Kildare, King’s county, Queen’s county, Tipperary, or Limerick, and not elsewhere, and the defendant or defendants in such action or actions to be brought, may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by authority of this act; and if it shall appear so to be done, or that such action or actions shall be brought in any other county, that then the jury shall find for defendant or defendants, and upon such verdict, or if the plaintiff shall be non-suited, or discontinue his action after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if on any demurrer judgment shall be given against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same as any defendant or defendants hath or have in any other cases by law.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a public act, and be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CHAP. XXXIII.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia for one Year, from the Twenly-ffth of March, One thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and for the more eastly raising of the same.

Hp'rcJ. WHEREAS it is necessary that prorifion should be made for defraying the charge of the pay and clothing of the militia in this kingdom for one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in tltis present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, his or their deputy shall issue in money the sums required to the agent or agents, or clerk or clerks of such regiments or battalions of militia as shall be raised, which he is to apply in the manner and for the several uses herein after mentioned,

that

The thirty-third Year of George III. 859

tint is to f.iy, for the pay of the f.ud militia for four calendar months, in advance at A.D.

the rate of six shillings a d :y for each acju'.i.nt, from the date of his commission, j <-(j

where an adjutant is appointed, ami at the rate of one shilling and one penny for CJiaj?. 33, tacit frrjcant, from the date of his enlifhnem, with the addition of two shillings and

(ii-iKiice a week for cad) serjeant-majer, where a ferjeanr-major is appointed, and at the rate of eight pence a day for each (hummer, from the date of his tnJiilment, with the addition of six-pence a day for cad) drum-major, where a drum-major is appointed, and at the rate of eight pence a day for each corporal, from the date of Lis culiitment, and also at the rate of four pence a month for cadi private man and drummer, for defraying the contingent expences of each regiment and battalion of militia, one penny whereof shall be applied for defraying the liorpital expcmxs ef each regiment or battalion during die time of the mens being from heme, upon account of dicir annual exercise; and also for half a years Hilary for the clerk of each regiment or battalion of militia belonging to such county, or county of a city at the rate of fifty pounds a year.

II. And be it enacted, That all such films of money granted for the pay of the militia as aforesaid, shall be paid by the vtcc-treasurer or vice-trenfurers, ids or their deputy into the hands of the agent or agents, or cletk or cletks of the regiments or battalions of militia belonging to such counties, or county of a city or town, upon his or their producing his or their warrant or warrants of appointment to such office, under the hand and seal of the lieutenant-colonel-commnndant, or where there is no lieutenant-colonel-commandam, under the hand and seal of the commanding officer of any regiment or battalion of militia for such county, county of a city or town, and every such vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, his or their deputy, shall also within fourteen days after the expiration of the third calendar month from the time of such first payment, make a second payment for four calendar months in advance, and shall also within fourteen days after the expiration of the three calendar months from the time of such second payment, make a third payment for four calendar months in advance for the pay and contingent expences of the militia, and for the allowances to the regimental or battalion clerk or clerks aforesaid, in the proportions herein before mentioned, and the receipts of such agent or agents, or clerk or clerks, shall be a sufficient discharge to such vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, his or their deputy for the several sums of money so by him or them paid,

III. And be it enacted, That the agent or clerk of each regiment or battalion of militia, shall forthwith after the receipt of such sums of money as aforesaid, pay or cause to be paid one calendar month’s pay in advance to the adjutant of such regiment or battalion respectively, and to the captain or officer commanding each company belonging to such regiment or battalion, two months pay in advance for the serjeants, drummers, and corporals, and also to the officer commanding the company to which the serjeant-major, and drum-major shall belong, two months pay in advance for such serjeant and drum-major, and so from time to time as long as any money on that account shall remain in his hands, which pay every such captain or officer commanding is hereby required to distriburc to each person belonging to his company by this act entitled to receive the same, as it shall become due in pursuance of this act, according to the following form:

10 H

County

86o The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D. 1793.

Chap. 33. County of

Debtor.

Lff a

To cash received of Mr. regimental, or battalion clerk, or 'vice-treasurers, or their deputy, .(as. the case shall be) for two months pay in advance

Per Contra, Creditor.

Paid serjeant |£.k d.

for days pay, from the

day of

tfrthe day of I

following - I

Do, as serjeant-major (if one

in the company -

Paid serjeant for days pay, from the day of to the

day of following -

Paid drummer

days, at eight pence per from the day of

to the day of

following -

Do. as drum-major (if one in the company

Paid drummer

days, from the day of to the

day of following -

Paid corporal

days, from the day of to the

day of following -

And shall pay back to the said clerk, or to the vice-treasurer, or deputy vice-trea-furer, (as the case Avail be), the surplus, if any, by him from time to time received, and then remaining in his hands.

IV. Provided always, and be it hereby further enacted, That m case the commanding officer of any regiment or battalion of militia, shall certify in writing to the agent or clerk of the fame, that he had discharged any serjeant or drummer as unfit for the service, that in such case no pay be iffiicd for the person so discharged, until another be duly appointed by him, and that no payment be made to any serjeant or drummer who hatli been so discharged, or who has not previously been approved of by the commanding officer in case of vacancy by death or otherwise.

V. And be it cnaQcd, That the agent or clerk of each regiment or battalior of militia, out of the money hereby directed to be iffiicd and paid to him, for defraying the contingent expences of each regiment or battalion, shall yearly, and every

1 year,

The ihhiy-iUrd 2\cr :/ George III. 8

vear, pay to the licutenanNadonJ-c r. c ca'mvjmi.ng Inch reg’- t\,

mer.t cr battalion, one penny a month, f. ;s iv. :e nrm w.'d <iri.rir.-er, for ce- j

fraying the hospital evinces of each *. :y:i 5:,c L^iv-pr.:-y of fci:h regiment or bnt- Q^p ti.iion, during the timer f the mens heiiv vi iV-m 1.-uni n leioum ol their annual exercise j uml fiir.il from time to tiin>\ ifi.e or -.-M p.-y fu h f.uns of i-xmey as n*ir.y Be nccoflary for the lepr.ir <.f irnv., -..u-: the caiM^ye ami removal tleveo*, usou an order in writing, signed by the ii* uu i mt-cob*... 1-cornmniid.i'it, oroihe r commanding such regiment ov battalion; and after payment of ftteh sums ns th:rl be so ordered by such lieutenant^oloncl-eonmi.md.iisi, or commanding .-/hrer as aforesaid, to be paid, he find I yearly, ami oeiy year, imko up an account of all such money, and the expenditure then of ami of the balance remaining in hr.ham!; which said balance shall form a (lock-pinfe lor the life of the regiment; and lie ih.il nuusmit such account to the lieutenant-coloiieU-ommiuul.irn, or commanding omeu-of such regiment or battalion, to be by him examined, allowed and fumed, ami the account so allowed and signed, shall be, and is hereby diiecled to be the proper voucher and acquittal of such agent or clerk, lor the application and diipola! of such money.

VI. And for the providing of the flrfl clothing ami accoutrements for the foil militia; be it enacted, That a sum equal to the amount of twemy nmium. mi-rcckonings, according to the rate of the off-reckonings which are cifrhhlhed for the clotliing of his Majesty's regular forces, shall be allowed ami p"/l to the lieutenant-colonel, or major-conimandant cf each regiment or battalion e; militia, for die first clotliing and accoutrements of their respective rcg«n:e:.u or battalions, the amount of tire said oil-reckonings to be issued by the v.cc-treasurer, or vice-treasurers, his or their deputy cr deputies, and to be p.ed to the said lieutenant-colonels, or majors-commandant, in like manner :s the oil-reckonings of the regiments of his Majesty's regular forces are iuiicd and paid; the said clothing and accoutrements to be of the fame kind r*:ul qualities, as the elotmng and accoutrements of his Majesty's forces, the same to be ascertained by a tcvkw and inspection of such general officer, as shall be appointed to that duty by the K-.u lieutenant, or other chief governor of this kingdom for the time being.

VII. And be it further enacted, That whenever die governor or governors, or deputy-governors, at a general meeting to be held for any county, county of u city, or town, shall have fixed the days of exercise for the militia, the lieutenant-cdonc!-commandant, or other commanding officer find!, as soon as may be, certify die f.une to the vice-treasurer, or deputy vice-treasurer, specifying the number of men, and the number of days such men are to be absent from home, on account of such exercise, not exceeding in the whole twenty-eight days; and every fuel) vice-treasurer, or deputy vice-treasurer, is hereby required within fourteen days after the receipt of such certificate, to issue and, pay to the agents or clerks of the several regiments or battalions, at the rate of ten (hillings/ir day for the captain of each company and at the rate of four shillings and eight pence per day, for each lieutenant; and of three shillings and eight pence per day, for each ensign; and also at the rate of one (hillingper day, for each private militia man, for die number of days such officers and men shall be absent from home, on account of such exercise; and the said regimental or battalion agents, or clerks, are hereby requited forthwith to pay to each captain of the said regiments or battalions, the pioporbon of piy belonging to each captain, and Iikcwife the pay belonging to their respt&iye tc.n-panies.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the captain of each company, ft.;.! make up an account of all monies received and paid by him, on account of such exercise, according to the following form:

County

Creditor.

862 The 'thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D. 1793.

Chap- 33. l£. X. d.

To cadi received of the regimental or battalion agent, or clerk, or vice-treasurer or deputy vice-treasurer, as the case shall be, for days

pay of men

County of

Debtor.

Per Contra*

By my pay as captain Paid lieutenant Paid ensign

Paid militia men days

£ /.

Which account didl be signed by the said captain, and countersigned by the commanding officer; and such captain shall, within ten days after the time such exer-eife is finished, deliver such account, and pay the balance (if there be any due), to the regimental or battalion agent, or clerk, and such accounts shall be allowed as sufficient vouchers in the passing of the accounts of such vice-treasurer, or vice-treasurers, his or their deputy.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any regiment or battalion of militia is, or find! be embodied, and called cm into actual service, whereby the officers and private militia-men shall be entitled to the fame pay, as the officers and private men in his Majesty's other regiments of foot, all pay , as aforesaid, whether to the adjutants, serjeants, private militia-men, or others, and all money allowed as aforesaid, for the contingent expences of such regiment or battalion of militia; and also the allowance to the agent or clerk of such regiment or battalion Dial), during such time of actual lcrvice, and until such regiment or battalion shall be disembodied and return home, ccale and not be paid.

X. And be it further enacted, That out of the duties and aids which have been or shall be grunted to his Majesty his heirs and successors curing this session of parliament, there shall and may be issued and applied any sum not exceeding the sum of three hundred and fifty three thousand eight hundred and thirty-five pounds nineteen shillings and ten pence farthing, for defraying the charge of the embodied militia of the several counties and counties of cities and towns in this kingdom.

XI. And be it enacted, That the lieutenant-colonel-commamhnt, or agent or clerk to every regiment or battalion of militia, shall once in every year return accounts in writing in like manner as agents of the several regiments of cavalry or infantry.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all penalties, costs, and charges of suits, and all sums of money for which any person or persons is or are by this act made answerable, may and shall be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Dublin, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoign, wager at law, or protection, or more than one imparlance flinll be allowed.

XIII. And for the more speedy and effectual array of the militia within this kingdom; be it enacted, That all persons who have heretofore voluntarily offered, or who shall hereafter voluntarily offer to serve in the fame, and who have taken the oath appointed by law to be taken by persons balloted to serve in the militia, or approved of to serve as substitutes therein, or who shall take the oath appointed by law to be taken by persons approved of to serve as substitutes, shall be deemed and taken to be militia-men, as fully and effectually to ali intents and purposes whatsoever, as if they had been chosen by ballot, or received as substitutes to serve in such militia, pursuant to the provisions of an act passed in this session of parliamen t, entitled. An ait fer amending and reducing into one oft of parliament, the laws relating

Jo

The thirty-third Year of George III. 86 5

h the viHitfa in Ireland; and all such persons strall be fat down to the account of A.D. inch p.irish as {hey shall respectively declare their intention or desire to serve for, and the deputy governors shall cause only i'tich number of persons to be chcfen by ballot out of tile lifts returned /or such parish as shall be wanted at the time 10 make up the whole number appointed to serve for the lame.

XIV. And be it enacted, That if In any county there shall be more govern.';* than one, in every such case all matters am! things respecting the arraying, embodying, and ordering the militia therein, in which the concurrence or consent of the majority of the governors is required, it shall be deemed fuilieient to all intents and pi.rposes, if such matters and tilings shall have been done with the concurrence of the majority of the governors vefident in this kingdom.

XV. And be it enacted, That if it shall be deemed inexpedient by the lend lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom in council, to embody, or continue the militia in any county or counties, it shall be lawful for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors for the time being, by and with the advice of the privy council, to forbid the railing, assembling, or embodying of the militia of such county or counties, and to stay all proceedings therein for such time as shall be deemed expedient.

XVI. And be it enacted, That all clerks of regiments, or battalions of militia, may enter into similar recognizances, before the magutrntes assembled at quanta tedious, as they arc required by any lawto cuter into before any collector of his M.t-jefey’s revenue In this kingdom, which recognizances shall be of equal efied, as if entered into before such collector.

XVII. Whereas part of the pari Hi of Tomplcmore, lies in the county of Doneg.ill, and is united to the deanery of the cathedra! of the fee of Londonderry, which athedral is situate within the city and county of Londonderry; ami doubts mav a rife for which of the said counties the inhabitants of the said parish ought to serve in the hid militia, for removing such doubts 5 be it enacted, That such of the inhabitant.; of the said parish who pay the public cess in the county of Donegal), Hull be bd* loted for, and serve in the militia of the county of Donegal!, to all intents as if the fame were not united to any other parish or ceelcfiastical benefice.

XVIII. Whereas doubts have arisen whether as the law now (lands, the students of the university of Dublin are exempt from serving in the militia, or finding a substitute for the fame; be it enacted, That whenever any Ruder: of not more than seven years (landing of the said mriverfity, shall be drawn by ballot o serve in the militia, it shall not be necessary for him either to serve personally, cr to find a substitute, or to pay any fine, W: his being a fbdent of the said uni-verftty shall be considered a fafticicnr exemption.

CHAP. VXXIV.

An Act for the Support of the Hu,our anti Digr.nt of PIS ?, Puffy s Cnesn in Ireland, and for granting to /Pi's M-.-ufy a Civil List Establishment; under ter lain Prtatijmis end Regulations.

TS7"E your Majesty's rr.oft dtttifu] fi-hiefis the commons ’of Ireland, in parliament tii'enthe d. v.ith hearts full of the vanncft ditty and gratitude, hein; dcliro'K that a

864 The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

certain and competent revenue for defraying the expences of 1793- your Majesty's civil government, and supporiing the dignity and honour of your crown in Ireland, during your Majesty's life, (which God long preserve,) may he settled on your Majesty, and as a testimony of our unfeigned attention to your faered person, through whom your Majesty's subjects have the strongest assurance, that the religion, laws, and liberties of this realm will be continued, and that they your Majesty's subjects and their posterity, may through the Divine goodness, enjoy every blelTing under your auspicious reign, have resolved to grant unto you our most gracious sovereign lord king George the third, a certain revenue payable as herein after mentioned, and do most humbly be-fcech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the all duties, authority of the same, That all duties, rates, impositions, heretofore* and taxes heretofore granted to his Majesty, or any of his granted, and predecessors not appropriated to any use or uses, and the fe-

not appropri* r nr j

atetj; ami veral duties, rates, impositions, and taxes granted to his

granted tin's Majesty this session of parliament, by an act, entitled, An the herein re- for granting fur oniyear the several duties therein mentioned,

anthtaf aji- *'1 ^‘eu of ot'ner duties payable upon the articles therein specified

piujuiated; during the[aid term, and for continuing the effect of the treaty of commerce and navigation fgned at Versailles on the twenty-sixth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty fix, between his Majesty and the most Christian King, and for regulating the trade between this kingdom, and his Majesty's colonies, and for other pmposes therein mentioned; and not appropriated or directed to be applied to any particular use or uses, or purpose or purposes by the said act, and also the several rates and duties granted by another act, entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the several duties therein mentiotied, to be levied by the commissioners for managing the stamp duties; and by another ad, entitled, An act for granting ‘ unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, certain duties and rates upon the portage and conveyance of all letters and packets within this kingdom; and not directed to be applied to any particular use by said act, and also by another ad, entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty for one year the duties l therein

The thirty-third Year of George III. 865

therein mentioned on fire hearths, in lieu of all duties payable A.D. on the fame, prior or during the said term, and also the fe- _.I79.v

*" r f, in <j«

veral duties payable on licet!les for felling wine, ale, and

spirits by retail, and on wool lieenles, the monies arising by jEi:i ' w lie . a»

crown rents, composition rents, quit rents, and all other rents im.ins payable to, and for the use of his Majesty, the monies arising

1 , ’ s C«rtlj>o.V.to:u

by fines for writs of covenant, and writs of entry, the mo- and «-nies arising by post fines, the monies arising by flierifls pro- and fmcs> ’as fers, and compositions in the Exchequer, the revenue arising ^crciJ’ on the process of the green wax, and all other casual revenue, fcr*.an'iio, in-and the monies arising to his Majesty from fines, forfeitures, and penalties, inflicted by virtue of any act or acts relating to

any of his Majesty's revenues, and all duties, rates, impofi- >c«mic; tions, and taxes, and all other public monies, and all ar- i.,ivi,d i.v rears of any duties or revenues, and also all casual revenues jVd aaV,'!?'1 which shall arise and be paid into the exchequer, not being ‘‘f particularly appropriated or appointed to any use or uses by a-'iaN-i'.,: any act of parliament, shall during the life of his said Majesty, whom God long preserve, be carried to and constitute i;', a fund to be called the consolidated fund, and the fame (lnll llf‘’ v,

1 l i e til - C i.

be issued and applied by the high treasurer, vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers of this kingdom, his or their deputy ordepu- i ties, or by such other person or persons as shall or may beau- a thorized thereto, to the uses and purposes herein after directed, and to none other.

II. And in order to support the dignity and honour of the crown, and to provide for the payment of the fabrics and other charges of the civil list establishment; be'it enacted,

That there shall be granted and continued, and issuing and ., From!> payable out of the said fund called the consolidated fund, 145.0=01. from and immediately after the twenty-fifth day of March,

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, to his Majesty Jjj during his life, (which God long preserve,) the revenue or Mr > yearly sum of one hundred and forty-five thousand pounds,

to be applied by the high treasurer, vice-treasurer, or vice- !"I|C nPp'i' J in |uvm lit

treasurers of this kingdom, or such other person or persons as «f faiaiir, of shall be authorized thereto, in payment of the salaries and pcori,n»c*.’ other charges of the said civil list establishment, pensions cx-cepted, under the provisions in this act contained, and that ppMemi

1 - ly March,

trie said yearly sum shall grow clue and be payable quarterly m Join.,

on every twenty-fifth day of March, twenty-fourth day of \\ u«.’ June, twenty-ninth, day of September, and twenty-fifth day a:|CJ,|' Vol. XVI. 10 K of

866

A.D. 1793. Chap. 34.

Until pennons on civil cflablishment are reduced to 8o,ooool. a year, a sum not exceeding 124,000l. per aonunu to be applied in payment of pen-fioos.

When pen-lions do not exceed So,cool, per annum, a further sum

of #0,0 JOl.

per annum shall be granted, which %vitUi4?, CooU will nuke 225,000). to be applied to all charges jon civil list.

Said fund In next place applied to suppoit of government, ami to pur-pufe» enacted

this Idfion, or hereafter.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

of December, by even and equal portions out of the monies of the said consolidated fund, and that the said payments shall be made preferable to all other payments charged, or which may hereafter be charged upon the said consolidated fund.

III. And be it enacted, That until the pensions on the civil list establishment of this kingdom, shall according to the provisions herein after mentioned, be reduced to the sum of eighty thousand pounds yearly, there shall be also granted and continued, and issuing and payable out of the said consolidated fund, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, to his Majesty, such sum yearly, not exceeding the sum of one hundred and twenty-four thousand pounds, as shall be equal to the amount of the pensions in every such year, to be applied by the high treal'urer, vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, or such other person or persons as shall be authorized thereto, in payment of such pensions, and that such sum shall grow due and be payable at the times herein before mentioned.

IV. And be it enacted, That from such time as the amount of the said pensions on the said establishment, shall not exceed the sum of eighty thousand pounds yearly, there shall be granted, and continued, and ilfuing, and payable out of the said consolidated fund to his Majesty during his life, the further revenue or yearly sum of eighty thousand pounds in addition to the said yearly sum of one hundred and forty-five thousand pounds, making in the whole the yearly sum of two hundred and twenty-five thousand pounds, to be applied by the high treasurer, vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, or such other person or persons as shall be authorized thereto, in the payment of all salaries, pensions, and other charges of the civil list, according to the provisions of this act, and that the same shall grow due and be payable-quarterly at the times herein before mentioned; and that such payments shall be made preferable to all other payments charged, or which may hereafter be charged upon the said consolidated fund.

V. And be it enacted, That the said consolidated fund shall in the next place be applied to the support of his Majesty's government in this kingdom, and to such purposes as have been enacted by any act or acts passed this session of parliament, -by which any sum or Turns of money 'have been

j . directed

The thirty-third Year of George III. 867

directed to be paid to any person or persons, or for any pur- A. pole or purposes, or which shall be directed by any act or acts 1793-of parliament to be hereafter passed.

VI. And whereas the establishment of an invariable order Order of in the payment of salaries, pensions, and all other charges jiE'.'pen. on the civil list establishment, will conduce to regularity,

that such payments shall be made in the following order; that Uilhoicm, is to say, first, the pensions to his Majesty's royal family, ish royaife. and the salaries of his lord lieutenant governor, or other chief licatl and f«. governor or governors of this kingdom, and his principal fc-cretary; secondly, the salaries of the lord high chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commissioners of the great seal of this nudbammi kingdom, and judges of the courts of King’s-bench and common pleas, and barons of the exchequer; thirdly, the j<1. tradrf-bills of all tradesmen, artificers, and labourers, for any ar- i,mHiu,t .>" tides supplied, or work done in his Majesty's castle of Dub- fixi‘:ljr":’1 lin, or any other houses for the tefulence of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor of this kingdom, or the chief or under secretaries of the lord lieutenant, or other chief go- 4*1, faU-iti vernor; fourthly, the salaries of all other officers on the i',",. civil establishment, beginning with the lowed; fifthly, the pensions on the pension lift, beginning with the smallest; 5'1'. I'.-'iian',

r ‘ 09' licgiiHMiij;

sixthly, all other charges which shall be paid on the civil v>M,f-ur.Hiit; establishment; be it therefore enacted, That from and after , ‘ ‘

iro n jviar.

the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred 1794, aliform and ninety-four, all sums of money which shall become due oJam!,1'0 and payable out of the civil list establishment, for any of the purposes aforesaid, shall be paid according to the order and course herein mentioned.

VII. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for No

1 or pcimon? to

the high treasurer, vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, or other be paid, bin

0 mi foregoing

persons authorized thereto, to pay any salary or pension oiJ«r. whatsoever, until the bills, salaries, and pensions of all those who are entitled-according to the loregoing order, shall he first discharged, or-calli set apart in the trenfury, sufficient to 211-fwer the whole demand in the preceding clnfii s.

VIII. And for the better regulation of the granting ot pensions, and the prevention of exeefs therein; be it cn id-cd, That from and after the t\v. one thousand seven hundred and nine:',-tour, the

Pensions

atv-hitn day of March,

_fVvm- ((’ V.*hr»- C ‘‘NCcCtl I20C.I.

!»ii fC*

amount of the pensions granted in any one year, fin If not ibicd t» exceed one thousand two hundred pounds, untii the whole n,a!j

863

The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

pension lift shall be reduced to eighty thousand pounds,

179.3* which sum it shall not be lawful to exceed; nor shall any

pension be granted after the said redudiion, to or for the life

nor pension of any one person, exceed the film of one thousand two for moic than 1

i2cci, to any hundred pounds yearly, except to his Majesty's royal family, family,'w or on an address of cither house of parliament,

oo an addicfe. jx. And for preventing as much as may be, abuses in the disposal of money, under the head of secret service money;

Nomoie bc it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the vice-trca-

than 5C00l.

aynr for fc- surer or vice-treasurers of this kingdom, to pay to any per-cra owe. pon or pCIfons whatsoever, any sum of money for the purpose of secret service within this kingdom, which in the whole shall exceed the sum of five thousand pounds in any one year.

Ary sum X. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for tn'pri'nripd the said high-treasurer, vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, or ferviKfil'dc0 6>ch person or persons as shall be authorized thereto, to pay telling or pre any sum of money to the principal secretary of the lord lieu-

venling con- ,

spiracics, &c. tenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, for secret service in detecting, preventing, or defeating treasonable or other dangerous conspiracies against the state, in any place within this kingdom, and that it shall be following oath sufficient to acquit and discharge such secretary to whom riifciiaige for such secret service hath been paid, to make oath before one . cccutj. tjje garons t|je exchequer,'in the form following:

o.itii. I A.B. do swear, that the money paid to me for secret fer-

vice, for the purposes of detefling, preventing, or defeating treasonahk, or other dangerous conspiracies against the Jiate, has hcen bona fide applied to such purposes, and no other.

So help me God.

XI. And for the better prevention of all practices by which grants as of bounty may be made a colour under which pensions may be granted, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act; be it enacted, That any sum or sums of money given as a bounty to any person more than once in three years, the continuance of the grant of the like sum shall be reputed a pension or pensions, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, except such grants as may be made under the head of Concordatum, which grants shall not exceed in the whole the sum of five thousand pounds yearly, or of thirty pounds yearly, to any one person.

‘XII. Pro-

Sums granted at. herein deemed pen-lions except under head of concorda-tuni. which shall not ex* v'Ci tl ^CCOl, a year, or 30l. 10 one peifou-

The 'thirty-third Year of George III. 869

XII. Provided always, That nothing in this act shall ex- A.D. tend, or be construed to extend, to any salary or annual allowance, which has been granted or paid to any person or person, for the actual discharge of the duty of any public

office or employment, and charged at any time before the lorances for twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and duty dui-cd ninety-three, on the civil establishment of this kingdom, and which shall continue to be paid for the like purposes, after the passing of this act.

XIII. Provided also, That nothing herein contained, shall be construed to extend to any pension, for his or her life, - pentmus dur-

J , r ing pleasure

which shall be granted to any person, who at the time of the grann-d be* grant thereof, hath been in the possession of a pension during forc t,llJ ‘*'s* pleasure, to the fame amount, granted previous to the passing of this act.

XIV. Provided also, That nothing in this act contained, K'urtofa-(hall extend to any salary, or yearly, or other allowance p1;a i,y c«w-paid by the chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenue,

out of the revenues under their management, with the ap- ’I'1!1!*1.11

r of lord lieut.

probation of the chief governor or governors of this kingdom, for the time being.

XV. And whereas it is expedient to provide, that on the demise of his present Majesty, (whom God long preserve), a sum of money should at the end of every quarter, be set apart in the exchequer, equal to a sum which the whole of the hereditary duties heretofore granted, or payable to his Majesty, would amount to, in case the fame had not been altered by; any ad this session of parliament, granting duties for one year, in lieu of all former duties, or shall not be altered by any act to be passed during the life of his Majesty, to be applied to the like purposes to which the fame would be applicable, if this act had not been made; be it therefore enacted, That from and immediately after the de- On thede-mise of his present Majesty, (whom God long preserve), the Kins" the' proper officers do compute the exact sum to which the whole

of the said hereditary duties would amount, if the fame had 'V01llli

mount, if

not been altered, and transmit an account thereof quarterly, not altered, into the receipt of the exchequer; and the proper officers at miucJquar-the receipt of the exchequer are hereby directed to set apart, "

out of the duties which shall compose the said consolidated rnucl1 frt *-

I P2rt out of

fund, at the end of every quarter, from and immediately confoiidjtfd after the demise of his present Majesty, such a sum of mo- ccfei?

Vol. XVI. 10 L ney

870 The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

ney as it shall appear 'by such account, the whole of the said 1793> hereditaryduties would have amounted to within -such quarter respectively, and the same shall be paid to the successors of the King’s majesty for ever hereafter, in lieu and for the like purposes of the several hereditary duties, which would be payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, if the fame had not been altered.

iyi,c"ro"-

XVI. And be it enacted, That if at any time at which any

fulidated fund ' '

not sufficient, of the payments hereby directed to be made, shall be bc-ilep'S'ontof come due and payable, the produce of the several duties hocafury^ comP°^ng the said fund.called the consolidated fund, shall vinpjiropri* not be sufficient to answerand pay the same at any day of payment, the high treafuxer, or vice-treasurer or vice-trea-fiirers of this kingdom, or such other person or persons as shall be authorized thereto, shall, in every such case he or they is, and are hereby empowered and required, out of any money which shall be then remaining in the receipt of the exchequer, of aids or supplies that shall have been granted to his Majesty in the year in which such deficiency shall happen, to apply such sum and sums of money, not otherwise appropriated, as shall be sufficient fully and completely to be repted° an^wer anc* ma^e good such deficiency; and all such sum ^parliament, ^nd sums of money so issued out of any of the said aids or

as herein. r \ r

supplies, for the purposes aforesaid, shall be replaced to the service' or services to which the fame may have been appropriated by parliament, out of the next, or any future quarters surplus of the income of the duties and revenues composing the said consolidated fund, any act or acts of parliament, or any clause or clanfes contained in any act or acts of parliament, for the application of the surplus of the said fund to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding; and the high treasurer or vice-treasurers, or such person or persons as may be authorized thereto, is, and are hereby directed, authorized and required, to cause the same to be issued and applied accordingly, and shall and may from time to time, cause to be issued, at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, all sums payable out of the taxes, duties, and revenues computing the said fund, or out of monies applicable to the supplies of the year, in manner ajnd at the tiroes by this act directed.

u^adiltina

XVII. And be it enacted, That the proper officer shall Kcoji.t «r keep a distinct account of the several branches of the revenue,

the bundles r

0 comDoling

The thirty-third Year of George III.

composing the said fund called the consolidated fund, and the total amount, distinguishing as far as is possible the several articles on which the same shall have arisen, and that the vice-treasurer or vice-treasurers, or such other person or J^1' persons as shall be authorised thereto, shall every session of a«-d rout parliament, lay an account of the revenue of the said con- fuel, account, folidated fund, together with all charges and payments there- ’iKraSn'to* out before parliament. , K!?"'before

parliament.

XVIII. And in order to regulate the expences which occur in repairing and eroding public buildings; be it enacted and declared, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of From *5

1 1 Mur. 1794,

March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, no re- no more tiiaii

pairs shall be made, or work done in any dwelling-house Jellied oV*

possessed by any person by virtue of any place or employ-

ment whereunto he hath been, or may be appointed by his v',tl!cuf:l"

4 11 4 employment,

Majesty, his heirs or successors, or any person or persons in without diauthority under him or them, the expence whereof shall ex- bomi of ceed the sum of fifty pounds, without the express direction ^fciunia'c" of the commissioners of the board of works, or any three of yJ n'm 11

herein:

them, who may be appointed thereunto on a fttrvey and efti-mate made by some fit person or persons under their authority, and a report from him or them, that the same are absolutely necessary, and not merely ornamental, and that if "ot'nl.cJunc

/' J wulr.Mll lord

the said estimate shall exceed the sum of one hundred pounds, lieutenant1, (he repairs shall not be made or undertaken without the IfTIumTiccx-approbation of the lord lieutenant, signified in writing. <-«ds 100l.

XIX. And be it further enacted and declared, That if any E*p«i

othct wife

expences shall be incurred in the repairs of any such house cum<i,u>iK in any other way than as herein provided, they shall not be allowed either in the bills of any such offices to which the |"3uf^cl' fame shall belong, but the person inhabiting such house shall be liable to pay the full amount of the same.

XX. Provided always, That nothing herein contained, Nottopre-shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent the al- ^"cofe*. lowing of the expences and repairs undertaken and begun in

any official houses, under the direction of the commissioners *r

4 s t board of

of the board of works, without a survey and estimate previ- work, if ously made, if it shall appear to them on oath that there was bc ,‘ndtiCj j,c. an immediate and pressing necessify for beginning the fame, occasioned by any Hidden of unforefecn accident, and if a survey and estimate in the manner before directed, shall have 10 L 2 been

872 The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D. 1793. Chap. 34.

AH works carried on at the publick expence, to be titiderllie controll) of board of works;

lord iieut. to appoint an architect to superintend publick buildings; fuel) person not to fit in parliament.

Method to be observi-d with regard to publick works;

been made as soon after the beginning of such repairs as the circumstances would permit.

XXI. And be it enacted and declared, That all public buildings or works of any kind whatsoever, carried on solely at the public expence, shall be hereafter in the execution of the fame, under the foie management, inspection, and controul of his Majesty's board of works, and to provide for the due and faithful execution of the work, the lord lieutenant as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this aid, shall appoint by warrant, an archite£t or inspector of civil buildings, (he being bonafide an archited or builder,) who shall superintend the execution of all public works, under the direction of the commissioners of the board of works, and who is hereby declared, and shall be incapable of fitting or voting in parliament.

XXII. And be it enacted, That the following rule or method shall hereafter be observed with regard to all public works, that when the lord lieutenant shall order any new work, or additional building, the expence of which shall exceed one hundred pounds, the plan and -an estimate of the expence of the same shall be laid before the commissioners of the board of works, and if said estimate shall appear reasonable, reference being had to the works ordered as aforesaid, they may and shall contrail for the fame, and if the estimate of the said works, shall exceed the sum of one hundred pounds in the whole, the estimate shall be laid before ‘ the lord lieutenant, and if helhall approve of the fame, the said commissioners of board of works shall, publickly cob-infp-aor of trad for the execution of the fame, and as often as it shall nll'y controni appear expedient to the archited or inspector of civil build-puSHckworlcs. *nSs’ appointed under this act, or that he shall receive oral all times, ders from the commissioners of the board of ivorks for that purpose, he may and shall report upon and controul the execution of said works in all its parts, and at all times during the progress thereof, inspector

XXIII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be law-Vkkwo!Kh" for the commissioners of the board of works, before any ami certify as payment on account of any works, as aforesaid be made, to

herein, before 1 '

lament; order the archited or inspector of civil buildings to survey the fame, and he shall certify to said commissioners on oath, which oath the said commissioners are authorized and required

1'he thirty-third Year of George III. S73

to administer, whether the work has been executed as far as A.D. the fame has proceeded in a workman-like and durable manner, and with good and durable materials; and in case the commission-said commissioners of the board of works shall not be satisfied aa.yT- ' with the expence or goodness of the works, they shall and are hereby authorized to make such delay or abatement as in such their enquiry shall appear just and expedient, any thing in this act contained, or any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. Provided always, That nothing in this act con- Not u> attained, shall extend, or be construed to extend to any build- l^ni'cnr ines erected, or to be erected under the direction of the bal- I1"11'

0 bmltimgS not

last offices of Dublin, Cork, or Belfast, or which have been cKetding hitherto usually under the direction of the commissioners of See. laid be-the board of revenue, the expences whereof shall not exceed for,;lo,dl":at-the sum of one thousand pounds; provided that the plan and estimate shall be laid before the lord lieutenant for his approbation.

CHAP. XXXV.

An All . for the letter Regulation of the Marshalsea of the Four Courts in Dublin.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the office of marshal of the said marshal-

sea of the four courts in Dublin, is attended with great risk, responsibility, and expence, and many persons committed to the custody of the said marshal, have heretofore refused, or declined to pay the legal rent, or rates of the rooms or apartments occupied by them respectively, in the said marshalsea, and notwithstanding such non-payment, persist in keeping possession thereof, to the great lols and injury of the marshal of the said marshalsea, who has not any adequate remedy for the recovery of such rents; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That if any person or p f )l0 persons now confined, or hereafter to be committed to, and dedimtopiy confined in the said marshalsea, shall decline or refuse to pay m, vAWi

tr TT-rrr w, T . lie i'b cutitkil

Vol. XVI. 10 M to

874

A.D. 1793.

Chap. 35.

and U agreed to be f*aid, for 3 weeks after due, may be removed, and placed in . common ball.

Persons committed, shall occupy rooit)9 allotted by marshal;

prisoners not to exchange rooms without maiflial's permiflton; if such exchange be made, mar-Dial may bring them back.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

to said marshal the weekly rent or rates which the marshal of the said marshalsea is, or shall be by law entitled to receive, and which is, arc, or shall be agreed by such person or persons to be paid, for any room or rooms, apartment or apartments, which have been, are, or shall be occupied by such person or persons respectively, in the said marshalsea, by the space of three weeks next after one week’s rent or rate shall be due and in arrear, and after demand being made for payment thereof, that then, and in every such case, it shall be lawful to and for the marshal of the said marshalsea for the time being, forthwith to remove every such person and persons so being in arrear, from such room or rooms, apartment or apartments, as was, were, or shall be occupied by him, her, or them, during the time that such arrear incurred, and to place such person and persons respectively so in arrear, In the common hall of the said marshalsea.

II. And whereas it has frequently happened that personj confined in the said marshalsea, have attempted to break open the fame, in order to escape therefrom, and the better to avoid detedion in making such attempts, it has been customary for such persons privately to exchange the room or rooms, apartment or apartments, allotted to, and occupied by them respectively, for the room or rooms, apartment or apartments, allotted to other prisoners therein; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person committed, or to be committed to the said marshalsea,- shall have a,nd occupy such rooms or apartments, or room or apartment only, in the said marshalsea, as the marshal for the time being shall; allot and appoint for them respectively, and none other; and that it shall not be lawful for any person or persons confined in the said marshalsea, to exchange such rooms or apartments, or room or apartment, for any other in the said. marshalsea, without the permission and consent of the said marshal for the time being first had and obtained for that purpose; and if any. person or persons confined in the said- marshalsea, shall make such exchange, or shall, without such consent as aforesaid, remove from, or reside, or inhabit in any room or apartment, contrary to the directions of this, ad, then arid in every, such case, it shall be lawful for the marshal: for the time being; to remove and bring back every such person or persons to 3 such

The thirty-third Year of George III.

such room or apartment in the said marshalsea, as the mar-(hal shall appoint for such pvifoner or prisoners respectively.

III. And whereas doubts have arisen, respecting the fees payable to the marshal of the said marflralfea, by persons brought up in custody, and committed to the marshal of the said marshalsea of the four courts in execution-, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every prisoner com- F«stoi>c milted to the marshal of the said marshalsea in execution, 10 !U'lr' shall pay to the said marshal the several fees directed to be paid by persons brought into court by habeas corpus ad faiis-faciendum, and committed to the marshal in execution, by virtue of an act made in the tenth year of his late Majesty king William the third, entitled, An act for regulating the fees of the marshal of the four courts, and for settling the rates of lodgings, and redress of other abuses in the said marshalsea, and in the marjhalfea of the city of Dublin, any thing in the said act to the contrary thereof contained in any wise notwithstanding.

chap, xxxvr.

An Act for continuing the Duties granted to His Majesty on Licenses for the Retail of Spirituous Liquors, and for continuing the Regulations for issuing such Licenses, and for remedying the Abuses ’which have arisen from the immoderate TJfe of such Liquots.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the thirty-first year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for regulating the ijfuhig of licenses for the file of spirituou1 liquors by retail, and for remedying the abuses which have arisen from the immoderate ttfe of such liquors, several duties or sums of money were to be payable to his Majesty, His heirs and successors, for licenses for selling spirituous liquors by retail, in the several places respectively, in the said act mentioned and described, ?nd iho fees payable to the several collectors on granting such licenses, ami on taking fc- /

curity, were thereby afeevtained *, which act expired on the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two: and whereas by an act. passed the last session of parliament, entitled, An act for continuing and amending an acly entitled, An cBfor regulating the issuing of licenses for the falc of spirituous liquors by retail, and for remedying the abuses which have arisen fro'ti the 'immoderate ttfe of such liquors, it is enacted, That so much of the said lirft recited act, as dlablifhcs the respective duties, or sums of money to be paid for licenses for selling spirituous liquors by retail, in the several places respectively, in the fat J first recited act men

10 M 2 tionc i

S76 The thirty-third Year of George III.

A D. tioned ami described, and tl;c fees payable to the several collectors on granting such j-ai licenscs, should be, 2nd the fame was thereby continued until the twenty-fifth day rGhap 36. Marc^> one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three: and whereas it is expedient that the several rates ami duties by the said first mentioned act payable on fiiclv Hcer.lcs be rewived and continued 5 wherefore be it enacted by die King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with die advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That so much of the faiil first recited act as eftnbliflies the respective duties, or sums of money to be paid for licenscs fer selling spirituous liquors by retail, in the several places.respectively, in the said act mentioned and dderibed, and the fees payable to the several collectors on granting such licenses, and on 'taking Tecurity be, and the fame is hereby revived and continued until the twenty-r.inthdny of September, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four.

II. And be it enacted, That no person shall fell any spirituous liquors by whole* fa!e, without taking out a license from the collector of the district in which such person shall reside, for which license there shall be paid to such collector, for the use of his Majesty, the like duty as is by the fail! act payable for a license to sell spirituous liquors by retail, in the place in which such person shall be licensed; and such collector shall take for his own use, a fee of two shillings and eight pence halfpenny, ami no more, and if any person shall fell any spirituous liquors by wholesale, without having taken out such license, he or she shall forfeit for every such offence, the sum of fifty pounds.

III. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend to merchant* or factors selling spirits by wholefide, in quantities not less than thirty-two gallons; and every such license shall continue in force for one year, from the twenty-ninth day of September, in each year.

IV. And be it enacted, That no such license shall be granted, unless the person ilicensed shall, with two sufficient sureties, enter into a bond to his Majesty, before the collector of the district, in the penalty of fifty pounds, conditioned that he or flic shall not fell or deliver out any spirituous liquors, in any quantity at one time less than one pint, and shall not fell any liquors to be used or consumed in his or her house or premises.

V. Provided always, That no person shall be received as a furcty in such bond unless he shall prove upon oath, to the satisfaction of a justice of the peace, that he is a house-keeper, and worth one hundred pounds above all his just debts, and shall obtain from such justice a certificate of his having made proof thereof.

VI. And be it enacted, That if any person who shall be so licensed to fell spiri-:tuou$ liquors by wholesale, shall fell or deliver any spirituous liquors, in any quantity at any time less than one pint, or shall fell any liquors to be used or consumed in his or her house or premises, every such person shall forfeit for every such offence, the sum of twenty pounds.

VII. And be it enacted, That the said act paired last session of parliament, entitled, An act for continuing and amending an a fly entitled, An act for regulating the issuing of Hcenfes for the sale of spirituous liquors by retail, and for remedying the abtifes which have arisen from the immoderate use of such liquors, except such parts thereof as are hereby altered, and this act shall continue of force until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and uinety-four, and no longer.

CHAP

The thirty-third Year of George III.

*77

A.D. 1793.

CHAP. XXXVII. v-'v '

An Act for continuing and amending the several Laws relating to His Majestf s Revenue, and for more effectually preventing Frauds therein.

WHEREAS it sometimes happens that goods imported f

into this kingdom arc landed and taken away with- tak-u a»-»y out payment of the duties due and payable to his Majesty "lc^f,!u,vy'. upon the importation thereof; be it enacted by the King’s iiioft excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That whenever any importer or importers of any goods, w(ien an' wares, or merchandize, shall be indebted to his Majesty, '"'[’"T',

J J owes rutioi

for, or on account of the duties due and payable upon the ong.imisfo

r . taken away,

importation or any goods, wares, or merchandizes taken officer mtj away in manner aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the discharging officer of the port, where such goods and merchandizes have been so taken away, to detain any other if not <1 me w goods entered subsequent to such taking away by the per- i’,° yi.'mJ> son or persons whose goods and merchandize were so taken away, until such person or persons owing the duty due and payable on the goods and merchandizes lo taken away, shall satisfy and pay the amount thereof, and if such duties shall not be paid within thirty days after the same shall be so detained, the said officer shall cause the fame, or a sufficient part thereof to be sold by publick cant, and, out of the money arising by such sale, to pay the duties due, and shall pay the remainder thereof, or deliver any of such goods remaining unfold to the owner or owners thereof.

II. And whereas it is frequently necessary that the commissioness of his Majesty's revenue should purchase lands and tenements for building light-houses, watch-houses, and other accommodations for the business of the revenue; be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for all persons, Alipcrfom bodies politick and corporate, tenants in tail, tenants for life, infants by their guardians, and the guardians and rorpo-ate. committees of lunaticks and idiots, feme-coverts with their durifrWs Von. XVI. io N husbands,

78 the thirtyrlhird fear of George III.

A.D.

husbands, by leases or deeds indented and enrolled, to dc-1793" mile for any term of years to his Majesty, or the commissioners of the revenue for the time being, or to such revenue, for person or persons as the said commissioners of the revenue

light homes, r_‘

&c. &c not for the time being, or any three or more of them shall one, with a appoint, in trust, and to and for the life of his Majesty, r^broli, any lands, not exceeding one acre plantation measure, with without line. tjjC tenements thereon, together with a passage or road not exceeding twenty-one feet in breadth to the fame, without fine or other consideration, save only the yearly rent reserved.

iffucii

III. Provided always, That if such land be any part of bereindc- any fair-green, or market place, or within the precincts of morelLnab- any c*ly» town corPorate, borough or manor, having a right Mutelyue- to return citizens or burgesses to parliament; or of any quay, bcdem&d! pier, or dock; or any part of any town or village actually built upon; or any part of a demesne, or of any lawn, garden, orchard, yard, planted walk, or avenue to a house, or of any park or pad-dock for deer, not more of such land shall be demised than is absolutely necessary for such light-houses, or watch-houses to Hand or be erected bn.

Pitfons in-

IV. Provided always, That no officer or officers, or other per-bght'ho r"f ^on or PerI°ns residing in, or inhabiting such light-house or light-&c, not tone- houses, watch-house or watch-houses, shall have, acquire, or exer-r:,-;l8ht cife, any right of voting for members to serve in parliament, for in caf/of or reaf°n of such inhabiting or residence; and in case any per-refusal to de- son or persons shall refuse to demise such land or tenements as focnc"about aforesaid to the said commissioners of the revenue, or to such person or persons as the said commissioners for the time being, or may apply to any three or more of them shall appoint, or in case any difference a'ffizca* of concerning the rent for such lands or tenements shall arise between the1 persons interested therein, and the said commissioners, or the person or persons so to be appointed as aforesaid; be it enacted, That the said commissioners, or such person or persons so appointed as aforesaid, may apply to the justices of assize at the next general assizes to be holden for the respective counties where such grounds if in co Dub- respectively lie; or in case such grounds shall lie in the lin, &c. to county of Dublin, or county of the city of Dublin, then the said (cfliuns, who commissioners, or such persons may apply to the chairman of jury to*a(Tcf# she kffions of the peace at the next general sessions or adjournment »iuc: thereof, to he held in and for the said county, or county of the

city of Dublin; and the justices at the said aftizes, or chairman of the said sessions respectively, shall, upon such application, cause a 6 jury

The thirty-third Year of George III. . 879

jury of twelve honed and lawful men, to be then and there impanelled by the sheriff of such county, and cause liich jury to be sworn, will and truly to assess the value of such lands or tenements, and the rent to be given for the same to the respective proprietors and occupiers thereof, according to their respective interests therein; and the respective parties shall have their lawful challenges, and the said jury being so sworn, shall after evidence on oath given to them by their verdict ascertain their rent to be paid for such lands or tenements, to the respective proprietors and occupiers thereof, according to their respective intereds therein; and the said judices or chairman shall give judgment thereon; which verdict and judgment shall be conclusive, and finally bind all parties; and after such verdict and judgment, the said commissioners, or such person or persons as they or any three of them shall appoint, shall hold and enjoy such lands or tenements for the use of his Majesty, during such term as the said commissioners shall judge necessary for the purposes aforesaid, paying for the same such yearly rent as shall be adjudged in manner aforesaid; and all rents to be awarded by any jury for such lands or tenements shall be duly paid by the collectors of the districts in which the lands respectively lie, to the persons entitled to receive the same.

|iartic« to have clul* tenges:

vcriliVt of jury, and jmltriiciit

thereon con-

cl'illve; tlwti lands ilia?l be held by com-railfionsrB, and rent paid by collector*.

V. Provided always, That’notice in writing shall be served upon N<m« w the persons intereded in such lands or tenements, or left at their

lad place of abode, thirty days at lead before the said assizes or days before l'eflions of the peace, or adjournment thereof, specifying the lands a 1"' and tenements intended to be valued, and that application will be made to the judices aforesaid, or chairman aforesaid, as the case may be., to have such lands or tenements valued as aforesaid, and that due proof be made at such assizes or sessions of the service of such notice.

VI. And for the prevention of fraud in entering goods; be it Every en-enacted, That every entry of any goods or merchandize shall contain the following particulars in words at length, that is to say, the particular, Icvetal and respective marks and numbers of the packages or 0'i"cj" vessels in which the goods mentioned in such entries are contained, with a particular description of such packages or vessels, whether leaguer, pipe, butt, puncheon, hogshead, tierce, barrel, or other calk; or whether case, bale, pack, truss, ched, box, bundle or other package, or by such other name or description as the fame is usually called or known; and if the package or vessel in which goods not any goods or merchandize, mentioned in such entry shall be con- pS mly* tained, be not described in the manner herein directed, such goods bc 10 N 2 and

After Jl Die. 1793, all cutter#, lugpers, See. within leagues of the coasts, )iaving bour-fprits more than j of length shall be forfeited, &c.

Officers whose duty it is to gut bonds executed, forfeit tool, for neglect.

Process shall not tiTue against the commander of a revenue cruiferi for prize money.

No person to be entitled to bounty or diawback ou

The thirty-third Year of George III.

and merchandize, together with the package or vessel in which the fame is contained shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of the revenue.

VII. And be it enacted, That from and after the thirty-first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, in case any cutter, lugger, Ihallop, wherry, Hoop, finack, or yawl, belonging in the whole, or in any part to any of his Majesty's subjects, shall be found within the limits of any of the ports of this kingdom, or within four leagues of the coasts thereof, having a bowsprit which shall exceed in length more than two-thirds of the length of such cutter, lugger, ihallop, wherry, Hoop, smack, or yawl, from the forepart of her stem to the act-fide of her stern-post aloft, whether the same shall be a Handing or a running bowsprit, every such cutter, lugger, Ihallop, wherry, Hoop, smack, or yawl, with all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the revenue.

VIII. And be it enacted, That in any case where by any law-now of force, or which hereafter shall be enacted in this kingdom, relative to his Majesty's revenue, any bond is or shall be directed to be executed, and that the officer or officers, whose duty it is to get such bond so executed, shall neglect or omit to see that the fame is duly executed by the person or persons directed by any such law to execute the fame, that then and in every such case, such officer or officers shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

IX. Whereas though the prize money and wages due to mariners serving on board vessels employed in the service of the revenue, are paid and payable by the commissioners of his Majesty's revenue; yet it frequently happens that mariners employed on board revenue vessels for sinister purposes, issue process against the commanders of such vessels for recovery of prize money, due or alledged to be due to them, by meads whereof such commanders are often prevented from proceeding on their cruises, to the great injury of the revenue; be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any process to issue at the suit of any mariner belonging to any vessel employed in the service of the revenue of this kingdom, against the commander thereof, on account of prize money or wages, due, or alledged to be due to such mariner, any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. Be it enacted, That no person or persons shall be entitled to any bounty or drawback upon the exportation of any goods, or merchandize from this kingdom, until the person exporting the same.

The thirty-third 2'car of George III. SBi

fame, together with two sufficient sureties, shall enter into a bond A.D. to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in doable the value of 1793-such goods and merchandize, conditioned that Inch good; or mcr-

C!iap_37-

chandize so intended to be exported, or any part thereof, find! llGt txpoilatitin, be landed or brought on (here again in any port or place within this kingdom, or the illes of Man, Faro, or Ferro, unless in cases "cental, of actual distress.

XI. And for the better encouragement of the mamifadhiro of

cl\l

earthen-ware, be it enacted, That where any person shall import Dmia white lead, and that the same shall be made use of in the manu- |caj uhfet-fadhire of fine earthen-ware, commonly called queen’s-ware, such person shall be entitled to receive, and the collector of the port in turing fine which such white-lead shall have been imported, shall repay to warC( draw* such person all such duties as shall have been paid by him on the importation thereof, and on its being made appear to the collector, by the affidavit of the principal proprietor of the manufactory, in which such white-lead shall he confirmed, that such white-lead had been used in the making of earthen-ware at such manu-fadlory.

XII. Provided always, That no such re-payment shall be made (kti by the collector of any port, except in such port within the dif-

trifl of which a known manufactory of such earthen-ware shall manufacicitf be carried on, and of which notice shall have been given in writ- triA,uf which ing to the said collector, by the principal proprietor of such earthen-ware manufactory.

XIII. Whereas persons importing the following goods and mcr- Goods In chandizes, that is to say, spirits, wines, hops, sugar, coffee, beer

and ale into this kingdom, have been sometimes indulged to enter i-fniunui-

° ,. . lies, and re.

such goods and merchandizes as containing a less quantity than mender in they really contained, on account of their not being able exadliy to afeertaia the quantities thereof, and afterwards to make a poll entry of the quantity deficient in such prime entry; be it enacted, pott-cmiirs That in all cases where pod entries ought to be made on spirits, wines, hops, sugar, coffee, or beer and ale imported into this ("S"-c,r-

r ° ‘ ice, beer and

kingdom, the merchant or other person importing the fame, shall ilo u-.Um :t make such poll entry within twenty-one days alter the said goods shall he gauged or weighed, respectively by the proper officer or wc,s,"ni_'’ officers, or in default thereof, such merchant or other person shall '1 forfeit the fmn of fifty pounds.

XIV. Whereas certain bounties are payable upon the carriage by water coastways of wheat, beans, peas, oats, here, barky, flour of wheat, malt and oatmeal to the city of Dublin, and the said bounties are now payable by the collector of the port cf

Vol. XVI. to O Dublin

882

5The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

Dublin for the time being: and whereas the transading the said 1793- btifmcfs in the office of the said coiledor, is attended with great inconvenience; be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Commit- and for the chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, to ap-approlmiion' P°'mt from time to time, with the approbation of the chief gover-ofiord litut. nor of this kingdom for the time being, a proper person to be pav-

may appoint ° 1

a pay-master malter of the bounty payable on wheat, beans, peas, oats, bere, v»Ve« sc. 0" barley, flour of wheat, malt and oatmeal brought coafhvays to the *c- city of Dublin; and that such person as shall be so appointed, or

his deputy, shall have the like powers and authorities to do and perform, and shall do and perform all acts necessary to the transading the business of the said of Ecc, as fully and effectually as the coiledor of the said port of Dublin, or his deputy, is now by any law of force in this kingdom empowered to do; and such person so to he appointed, shall be entitled to the like emoluments, and no other, for executing the duties of the said office, as are now paid to the said coiledor for the same.

Commit- XY. And be it enacted, That the said commissioners, or any Repayment ^iree or raore shall, from time to time, by warrant sub-

bounUc/0r bribed by them, or any three or more of them, direct the payment of such sum and films of money as they shall judge necessary to such officer or person to be appointed as aforesaid, to be by him or them paid over to the several persons entitled to the bounties so payable.

Bond to be XV-I. Provided always, That no person shall be capable of exe-personap1^ cllt’nS the Add office, before he, with two sufficient sureties, shall pointed and have entered into a bond to his Majesty, the principal to be bound in the sum of two thousand pounds, conditioned for the due execution of his said oflice, and to account for all such sums as he shall receive in pursuance of this act.

No license

XVII. And be it enacted, That no license shall be granted by office'°i!Ss" ^'e managers and directors of any lottery in this kingdom, to seel, lodged any person or persons to buy, fell, register, or otherwise deal In Ireland, on or lottery tickets, unless it shall appear to them, that the person re-,before.! Nov. qU|ring such license had deposited in the bank of Ireland, the sum of five hundred pounds in money, or government securities, for the purposes for which such persons are by law required to make such deposite, on or before the first day of November, in the year

for which such license is to be granted.

Pecuniary

XVIII. And be it enacted, That if any person who shall have

feaSdto made such deposite, shall be convicted of any offence against any

managers of ;JW relating to lotteries, for which a pecuniary forfeiture or penalty

who flial’l give is iufiided, the magistrate or magistrates before whom, or the proorders on lire " ___

The thirty-third Year of George III. 883

per officer of the court in which such conviction shall be had, A.D. shall certify such conviction, and thereupon the managers and '7?.h directors of lotteries, or any two or more of them, shall give to the person or persons entitled to such penalty or forfeiture, an order bank u, pi-r-on the governor and company of the hank of Ireland, to pay the ["."rmive"' fame, or so much thereof as the money or lbcurities so deposited f; l:w-(hall be sufficient to discharge to the person or persons entitled thereto; and the receipt of such person or persons for the fame, il’.ail be a sufficient discharge to the governor and company of the said bank.

XIX. And fce it enabled, That no re-payment shall be Dejmiitcs

1 J not to be re-

made by the governor and company of the bank of Ireland pa.'J i.vhank,

of any such deposite, unless the person or persons who shall ium. have made the fame, shall produce a certificate of the said ,ro" managers and directors, or any two or more of them, that no suit or prosecution is depending against such person or persons for any such offence as aforesaid; or (bat such person or persons hath or have not incurred any penalty or forfeiture; or that all forfeitures which have occurred, have been paid, any.thing in any former act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. And be it enacted, That in case any action or suit Aftmru for shall be necessary, touching the re-payment of any such money dinii',-!

or securities as aforesaid, deposited in the bank of Ireland, such action or suit shall be brought against the secretary or secretaries for the time being, to the managers and directors c‘«" of lotteries, and not against the governor and company of the bank of Ireland; and no such action or suit shall abate by the death or removal of such secretary or secretaries, but the secretary or secretaries for the time being, shall be always deemed the defendant or defendants in such action or suit.

XXI. And to prevent persons felling shares of lottery tickets, defrauding the purchasers of such shares of their proportions of the prizes which may arise on such tickets; be it cnaCied, That with the office

such ticket, shall remain and continue in the custody and possession of such officer or officers, until the expiration of twenty days next after the drawing of the last ticket in such mm'ii’ii in, lottery, and for such longer time as such officer or officers iiiLt-,

shall think expedient for the security of the person or persons holding the shares of such ticket, before the fame shall

10 0 2 be

every lottery ticket which mail be deposited nii.-,- (0 or officers for stamping and making shares of i.h fjr'if.-.'.i,.

g?4 27'* thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

be returned to the person or persons who depositctl the fame

1793* with such officer or officers, any thing in any act to the can-trary notwithstandins;.

MaiiDers

XXII. And be it enacted, That every maltffcr or maker

boiikfot n:a*t> wb° be furnished with a book of printed forms

formsut no- of notices to be given of wetting corn or grain to be made

ticcs, to keep , -

them until into malt, instead of delivering such books and the duplicates fiiic/and of notices therein to the collcdor of the district, quarterly, Mm them ;A>all keep the fame until the last form of notice contained to coiicstur therein, shall have been filled and served; and shall after the

before they

wet more,( -last form of notice therein shall be filled and served, and be-

cai«,d&c! forc he shall wet any further corn or grain to be made into malt, deliver to the collcdor of the district in which his or her malt-house shall be situated, the said books, with the duplicates of all such notices as shall have been cut from the same, and delivered to the officer to whom the notice of wetting of corn or grain to be made into malt is to be given, or jenaky id. jn defauit thereof, shall, for every neglect, forfeit the sum of ten pounds.

ldmMs

XXIII. And be it enacted, That every maker of malt for

for every 20

veflVl cau sale, and every common brewer, and every distiller making ebrgnl'erery malt, shall every time he or file shall wet any corn or grain to tin's °fwct' bc made into malt, be charged with duty for not less than at the rate of sixteen bushels for every twenty bushels of corn, which the uting vat, eiflern, or other vessel in which such corn shall be wetted, shall be capable of containing, and for . as much more corn as shall be put into such uting vat, cif-tern, or other vessel, over and above sixteen bushels for every such twenty.

Corn making into malt to be put on the kiln in 28 clays, or considertthsitcw corn, ami charged duty; nnd maltster liable to penalty for wetting without notice.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That if any corn or grain making into malt, shall not have been put on the kiln within twenty-eight days, from the day such corn or grain was wetted, or from the day which shall be mentioned in the notice for the wetting thereof; all such corn and grain shall be considered as new corn or grain making into malt, and the maltster or maker of malt in whose malt-house the same shall be found, shall be charged with duty for the fame, after the rate of sixteen bushels for every twenty bushels, which the same shall amount to, and such corn shall be deemed to be wetted without notice, and such maltster or maker of malt, shall be liable to the fame penalty as persons wetting corn or

grain

The thirty-third Year of George III. 885

grain to be made into malt without notice are subject and A.D. liable to 1791-

XXV. And be it entitled, That out of every twenty ^1?,'-^’ buffiels of corn or grain making into malt, which shall be charged by any officer of excise upon his gauge, if such ;" wry 20. gauge shall be taken on the floor within the space' of one tin i'.e Biuir hundred and seventy-four hours after the time of such corn

or grain having been first wetted, an allowance not exceed- "tm"s! ing five buffiels shall be made; and out of every twenty- out of mrj one buffiels of such corn or grain which shall be charged by any officer of excise upon his gauge, if such gauge shall be taken on the floor, within the space of two hundred and lo^d; forty-six hours from the time of such corn or grain having been wetted, an allowance not exceeding seven buffiels shall be made; and out of every twenty bushcls of such corn or out of every grain which shall be charged by any officer of excise upon his gauge, if such gauge shall be taken on the floor after the space of four hundred and twenty hours from the time of such corn or grain having been wetted, an allowance not exceeding ten buffiels shall be made.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That every maltster, who with upon malt-two sufficient sureties to be approved of by the collector of imy t,coi"S the district in which he resides, shall have given security by

bond to his Majesty, which bond such collector is hereby au- mus "jr

wit h-

thorized to take for his Majesty's use, in such reasonable sum imijud.ij as such collector shall think proper, conditioned that such July1.'1 maltster shall duly pay the duty for all malt for which he shall be chargeable with duty, then it shall and may be lawful for the proper officers of his Majesty's revenue to grant permits for the removal of malt from the malt-house or store of such maltster, without such maltster producing the receipt of the collector of the district for the duty of the malt to be removed, any former act or acts to the contrary notvrith-standing.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That so much of an act paf- chnfrnf

revenuv c£t

fed in the last session of parliament, entitled, An act for con- 3*0.3 oi-

tinuing and amending several laws relating to his Majesty s revenue, and for more effectually preventing frauds therein; as

enads, That any maltster may once in every three months, hr. rrj.-al«i.

ending the twenty-fifth day of March, twenty-fourth day of June, twenty-ninth day of September, and twenty-fifth day of December, wet a less quantity of corn than after the

Vol. XVI. toP rate

88G

The thirty-thlrcl Year of George III.

A.D.

rale of sixteen bushels for every twenty bushels, as he or (lie 1793- may think proper, and shall be chargeable with duty for the fame, in manner heretofore used, be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

Diltilienur XXV1JI. And be it enacted, That no difliller of aqua.vita

(llOtlp W.T ‘

teitnotw spirits, or strong waters, shall mix any unmalted corn, or mated any wheat-meal, barley-meal, or oat-meal, with any malted corn, in brewing, making, or fermenting any wash, for the if any such be making of aqua vita spirits, or strong waters; and if any un-in pofcffiun, malted corn, or any wheat-meal, barley-meal, or oat-meal, dffliiler to"' m'xcd with malted corn, shall be used by any such difliller forfut yol. for any of the purposes aforesaid, or shall be found in the possession of any such difliller, or if any difliller shall have in his difiillcry, or in any store adjoining to such diflillcry, any malt mixed with any unmalted corn, or any wheat-meal, barley-meal, or oat-meal, above eight stone, fuel) difliller,

for every such offence, shall forfeit the sum of forty pounds.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That if any wash for the distilling of aqua vita spirits, or strong waters, shall be made.

Aqua vht.r, he. he. from immalted

com, may or any aqua vita spirits, or strong waters distilled within this

he fazed, and 7 1 r p '

jol. forfeited. kingdom, from any corn or grain unmalted, all such warn, aqua vita spirits, or strong waters, and the casks and vessels containing the fame, found in the possession of any difliller, shall be forfeited, and may be seized; and every difliller in whose possession any such wash, aqua vita, spirits, or strong waters shall be found, shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of twenty pounds.

Commifli-

XXX. And be it enacted, That the chief commissioners of

oners may !i- mi r i , r

csnfu mils not ms Majesty s revenue may, until the twenty-rourth day or

glilotsTiMail Jone, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, grant

24.June 1794. licenses for keeping any dill or dills, which shall be of a content not less than two hundred gallons, any former act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. And for the better securing the duties payable on coaches, chariots, berlins, calashes, and chaises with four wheels, and chaises with two wheels, be it enacted, That from and after the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, no such carriage shall be deemed a hackney carriage, or carriage kept for hire, or be exempted as such from the duty granted for the support of his Majesty's government, unless such carriage, if kept within the district

For flouring dntic> i>n coaches, St:. &c. with wheels, and chaises with 2 wheel?:

from i A-.ig. 1793, none deemed luck ncy carriigci, unless within district of me* tropoiis, li-

The thirtj-third Year of George III. 887

district of the metropolis of Dublin, shall be licensed in pur- A.D. fuance of an act passed in the twenty-seventh year of his 1793- Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for the better regulation of kachtey carriages, hackney sedans, and porters plying for hire in "y1 " the city of Dublin, or within jeven miles thereof and for transferring the receipt and management of certain duties from the governors of the foundling hospital and work-house in the fat'd city, to the commissioners of police-, and if kept in any other part and if in any of this kingdom, unless the name and surname of the per- namV, son keeping the fame, and his or her place of abode be painted on the outside of the pannel of each door of such >" carriage, in words at length, in white or black letters, not less than one inch long.

XXXIF. And be it enacted, That every owner of any Onrrsof coach, chariot, berlin, calalh, or chaise, usually let to hire as a job-carriage, shall, on or before the first day of August, ns let (" lure,

J ° not Ms than

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, certify under 3 months, to

his or her hand, to the examinator of hearthmoney in Dublin,

the kind of carriage hired, or which shall have been let for m"nc,ri

hire as a job-carriage by him or her, for any space of time

not less than three months; and the name and surname, and and namti.

residence of the person to whom the fame hath been, or shall have been hired, and the term or time for which the fame U"J

7 time;

shall be so let for hire, and from and after the said first day

owners to

of August, every owner of any coach, chariot, berlin, ca- mti:yiik-lath, or chaise, who shall let for hire any such carriage, as a job carriage, shall, as often as he or (lie shall let the fame for hire, within three days after he or she shall let such car- P"ultr2o1-riage, certify under his or her hand, to the examinator of hearth-money in Dublin, the kind of carriage so let for hire, as a job carriage, by him or her, and the name and surname, and residence of the person to whom the fame hath been let for hire, and the term or time for which the same shall be so let for hire; and for every default in certifying in manner aforesaid, every owner of, or person letting for hire any such carriage as aforesaid, shall forfeit the film of twenty pounds.

XXXIII. And whereas it often happens that persons keeping coaches and other carriages, change their place of residence out of the district in which they redded at the time they certified their respective carriages to the coilcdlor of such district, be it ep.afled, That it shall and may be lawful for 1 0 P 2 the

888 A.D. 1793.Chap. "7.

Duty may l»c collect ifd in auy <ltf trid, alihu* not entcuil in such

Manufacturers of candles and soap to take out licenses and pay duly, and is. in the pound to collector,

penalty 20l.

Manufacturers of can* dies or soap to have hoards painted as herein, and hept up, penalty iol.

License du« ties to be collected by collectors.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

the persons authorized to collect and receive the duty payable cn coaches, chariots, berlins, ealafhes, and chaifcs, to levy, collect, and receive the same within any district in this kingdom, although the certificate required by law to be given by the person having or keeping such carriage to the collcdor of the district in which lie or (he shall reside shall not have been given or entered in such district, in the same manner as such persons are authorized to levy, collect, and receive the same within the district wherein such certificate shall have been entered, any law to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That every person manufacturing candles or soap for sale, shall before he, she, or they shall manufacture any candles or soap, take out a license for that purpose, from the collector of the district in which he, (lie, or they reside, and pay to such collector the duty payable thereon, for which license such collector shall take a fee, after the rate of one shilling in the pound of the duty payable on every such license, and no more, over and above such duty; and if any person shall manufacture any soap or candles for sale, without such license, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That every person hereby required to take out a license to manufacture candles or soap for sale, shall have or cause to be painted on a board, with letters publickly visible and legible, at least an inch long, in white upon a black ground, or in black upon a-white ground, his or her name, and surname, at full length, and also the words " licensed to manufacture candles and soap" which board shall be affixed on some conspicuous place, on the outside of the front of his or her house, hot more than three feet dif-tant from the top of the (hop door, or street door of such house, and such person or persons respectively, shall pro-serve and keep up the fame, during the time he or she shall respectively continue to manufacture candles or soap for sale, or in default thereof, shall forfeit respectively the sum of ten pounds.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That the duty payable by persons who are hereby required to take out such license, shall be collected by the several collectors and other officers of excise employed for that purpose; and such officers may

3 at

The thirty-third Year of George III. 889

at any time, with the assistance of a constable in the day A.D. time, levy such sum or sums as ought to be paid by the fe- 179d-veral and respective persons subject to such licenses respectively, by distress and sale of the parties goods, in such man- ai

ner and by such ways as the revenue arising by hearth- "n i>y '7 & money is appointed to be levied and collcded, in and by an act made in the seventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty Charles the second, entitled, An additional all for the better ordering and collecting the revenue arising by hearth-money.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That if any person shall,

J r u>’ging>cou»-

forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or tert1.i1i113.or counterfeited, or shall fraudulently erase or alter, or cause L-i-nfv, 5-i-or procure to be erased or altered, any license, which by any law now in being, or hereafter to be made, is to be granted by the chief commissioners of his Majesty's revenue, or any of them, or by any collcdor of his Majesty's revenue, or produce as a true license any such forged, counterfeited, erased, or altered license, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited, erased, or altered, every such person shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds; one moiety thereof to his Majesty, and the other moiety to him who shall prosecute or sue for the same; to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Dublin, in which no essoign, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

XXXVIII. And whereas it may be necessary, that certain high officers in this kingdom, should repair to Great Eritain . on the public affairs of this kingdom, and by reason of their absence on such occasions, may become liable to the duty or tax on salaries, and profits of employments of persons absent from this kingdom, be it enacted, That the lord high bmiriun-

6 ciliiir, chan-

chancellor of this kingdom, the chancellor of the exchequer, ctlloruf,*-his Majesty's principal secretary of state, and the first com- ciSr/" missioner of his Majesty's revenue in this kingdom, provided they shall be members of his Majesty's privy council in this« kingdom and in Great Britain, shall not, on account of their lisbiciosb-absence from this kingdom, be subject or liable to the said' b, ii;-

tax, provided that they shall be absent by the directions in writing of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom for the time being:

Vol. XVI. ioQ,

XXXIX.

890

A.D. 1793. Chap. 37,

5d. per lb. allowed this session for manufact ured

The thirty-third Year of George III.

XXXIX. And whereas persons frequently import loaves of fnjar broken into several pieces, as if such pieces were only of a quality fit to be ground and powdered, and afterwards sell the same as refined loaf sugar, to the injury of All refined the trade and revenue of this kingdom, be it enacted, That ported, confi* nil refined sugars imported into this kingdom, shall be con-foaKi’u'def, fidered as sugars imported in loaves, and be subject and li-jowder d" a^c to duty as such, unless the same shall have been ground or powdered previous to their importation into this kingdom.

XL. And whereas by an act passed this session of parliament, entitled, An act for regulating and extending the tobacco tobacco, in trade, an allowance of five pence for each pound weight of mnu^Murer manufactured tobacco, in the possession of any manufacturer is Mar.1793, of tobacco, on the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, is granted, in order therefore the more effectually to prevent fraud in obtaining the said such allow- allowance, be it enacted, That if it shall appear that any

ance not to , J r J

be made, if raanufaaurer of tobacco claiming such allowance, hath fold uktil'oui for or delivered more tobacco, or taken out permits for more to-eafj of"dC bacco than a decrease shall appear for in the flock account of flock. such manufacturers of tobacco, no allowance shall be made to such manufacturer in pursuance of the said act.

XLI. Whereas by an act of parliament passed in the present session of parliament, entitled, An act for regulating and fA'iowance extending the tobacco trade, it is enacted, That upon every fnotr for computation between unmanufactured tobacco and snuff, the bacco, fotm°l manufacturer shall be allowed a credit not exceeding eighty-toogreat: gve pounds weight of snuff for every one hundred pounds

weight of tobacco used in making such snuff: and whereas it is found that the said allowance is too great 5 be it enacted, rm more than That from and after the passing of this act, no greater allow-aiiowed for ance than seventy pounds of snuff be made for every one hun-bacco 10 Pounc's weight of tobacco used in making such snuff, any thing in the said recited act contained to the contrary notv.ithstanding.

XLII. And in order to prevent fraud in the sale of malt and bailey brought coastways to the city of Dublin, be it who'feTmah enacted, That from and after the twenty-ninth day of Sep-"r bailey, tember, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, every coiiflways to factor or other person, felling or expoling to sale, any malt

Dllbhil, shall

lake a samplc

1793.

Chap. 37-

The thirty-third Year of George III. 891

or barley which shall be brought coastways into the city of A.D. Dublin, shall, before any such malt or barley be fold or cx-posed to sale, take from and out of each and every distinct parcel of such malt and barley, a sample thereof, confiding of not less than one stone, and deposite the fame in a bag, with a label thereon, in which shall be specified his name, it, »lathe quantity of malt or barley for sale, and the name of the c«'«; owner, and of the ship or vessel which brought the fame, with the person for the time being appointed to the office of inspector of corn brought coastways to Dublin, who shall keep mfrwior every such sample distinct from all other malt and barley, until the expiration of six days after the malt or barley of which such sample was a part, shall be fold and delivered, lin'-

r ‘ ftoin 1 j to i;

and such inspector shall admit all persons to have access to such samples every day, except Sunday, from eleven of the clock in the forenoon, until two of the clock in the afternoon; and if any factor or other person shall sell or expose penally "» to sale any malt or barley brought coastways to Dublin, with- peeling 10.lo out having deposited such sample as aforesaid, or shall fell, p’y ayrnfi"6 or cause, or suffer to be sold, any malt or barley

any 5]-

3 per barrel}

any malt or barley by false sample, every such factor or other person shall forfeit for each and every barrel of malt or barley so fold or cx-posed to sale, the sum of five pounds, to be recovered upon rccovcrra , conviction of the party offending, cither on his own confef- XII'i"*"'" fion, or on the oath of any one credible witness, before the

y . city or co. by

chief magistrate, or any one justice of the peace for the city Jiiu.fc; or county where the offence shall be committed, and to be levied by distress and sale of the goods of the offender, by warrant under the hand and seal of the chief magistrate or justice, before whom such conviction shall be, returning the overplus, if any, to the owner; and the determination of such magistrate or justice shall, in all cases, be final and cond.i-five, and all such forfeitures shall go to the party suing for the same.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That from and after the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, no bounty shall be payable for the carriage of al ri, any malt brought coastways to Dublin, unless sufficient proof be made to the satisfaction of the commissioners of his Ma- f«e» jesty’s revenue, that no bounty had been theretofore paid or HIJ.Je, W23 received or account of such malt, or for the grain of which it was made, previous to its having been malted.

10 n 2

tVfciture to ,wr:\ iulc'.

From S-ui 1793.

:i'» Iviimty «ifl oast*

XLIV.

%2 %he thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That in case any malt brought 179J- coastways to Dublin, shall not appear to have been well Chap. 37. mannfa£iure(Ji and properly fereened and cleansed, the Arid, No bounty inspector shall give notice thereof to the officer appointed for

ou malt not *, 14

properly paying the said bounty, and no such bounty shall be paid ctenftd. a"d aft6*" such notice, unless it shall appear to the satisfaction of the said commissioners, by such proof as they shall require, that such malt was properly manufactured, and fereened and cleansed.

From 29

XLV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the inait'o'/bar- twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hun-to',(iHlcr"nt"S ^red and ninety-three; every person fending malt or barley.

df1 coastways. an(l every mailer or owner of any vessel on board iiaiateiy,good of which malt or barley shall be shipped for the port of Dublin, shall flow or cause to be flowed, all malt and barley belonging. to different persons, separate and apart, and shall not fraudulently mix, or cause or permit to be mixed, any malt or barley of an inferior quality, with good merchantable malt or barley; and if any person shall offend herein, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds, to.be recovered and levied, and applied in the same manner, as the said last mentioned penalty is directed to be recovered, levied and applied.

XLVI. Whereas the sheriffs of the counties of the city of Kilkenny, and of the town of Drogheda, have not for ma-r ny years pad accounted in his Majesty's court of exchequer, upon the several Writs of green wax process issued to them, out of the said court, and their accounts are now involved g-con was ,n muc^ intricacy and difficulty, by reason of such neglect, jirocefv&c. as well as by the deaths and insolvency of several persons charged with fines and forfeited recognizances, in the said process, and it would tend to the public service, and the better execution of the laws within the said counties, if the sheriffs thereof were released from the necessity of accounting for, or upon the said process, and that all-fines against them kmhenirs, for such negletis, be remitted; be it enacted, That the (he-before'iyss,’ the said counties of the city of Kilkenny, and of the

hereby ic- town of Drogheda, who have served in the said office of

jtafeu j_0

(Iierms for any year before the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, and who have not accounted as. aforesaid, be, and they are hereby released from accounting in his. Majesty's court of exchequer, as by law, and the course of

3 the

ana oaa not to be mixed together,

penalty 20l.

Sheriff's of co. of city of Kilkenny* and town of ftrogheda, have not for many years accounted

The thirty-third Year of George III.

the said court they ought to do; and that the barons of his Majesty's said court of exchequer be, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to remit all fines imposed upon the several persons who have served the office of sheriff in the said counties respectively, at any time, or in any year, before the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, for their not having accounted, and to discharge the several attachments issued against them in consequence thereof; and to order and direct that the bail bonds taken by the pur-suivant of said court, under such attachments, shall be null and void, and be given up to be cancelled; and that the said several persons; their heirs, executors and administrators, be wholly exonerated from said fines; and that the sheriffs of the said counties, who shall have served in the said office, for the year of office commencing in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, or who now serve, or shall hereafter serve in the said offices, upon their accounting in his Majesty's court of exchequer, for or upon the several process issued to them, out of the said court, shall not be chargeable with, or made accountable for any fine contained in any process issued to them, again! any of the said fficrifis, prior to the said year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, for not accounting.

XLVII. Provided always, That the said ffieriffs shall not take any benefit of this act, until they shall pay, or cause to be paid to the officers of his Majesty's court of exchequer, such fees as they would be legally entitled to, if such ffic-riffs had regularly passed their accounts.

XLVIII.' Provided also, That the said ffieriffs shall not take any benefit of this act, until they also pay, or cause to be paid to the pursuivant of the said court of exchequer, such compenfiition for day fees, costs, and other expences, which have been incurred in consequence of the said sheriffs being attached by the said court, as the barons of the said court shall think just and reasonable.

XLIX. And whereas by an act made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of King Charles the second, entitled, An act for the settling the excise or new impofl, upon his Majesj, his heirs anti ficcessors, according to the book of rates therein inserted, it is enacted among! other things, That the commissioners for appeals, or the major part of them, shall have power to fend for parties and witnesses, an<! all man-

Vol. XVI. I o R. ner

893 A.D. 1793.7*

Chap.

1)3101)1 of tf.V chequer to rt’nm (idl'j, eve.

bail bond* in.let Inch

millai.d void;

hid persons, *h-ir lu*ir.?,

A;.. exonerated

flierilT- who have served

for tint year commencing in 1788, or wlm now, or shall lie-eat ter serve. not chatter-able with fin-.i, t<c ajaiaft flierift’s niior to itSS.*

Feet to lie prd by laid sheriffs to officer* of coit't of exchequer.

Compenfii*

t*o» to lu* pii'J to jjur-(uiv.ir.; hv said flu*tiffs,

as o'dercti by bdruiii.

& 15

894

A.D. 1793. Chap. 37

persons win) lefufc to appear. give teliimony, fend papers* &c. before commission-eis of appeals, forfeit 20l.

Sub commissionerR shall, within 21 days after injunction, transmit to register of appeals, an atierted account of proceedings, (delay to he accounted for by affidavit, &c.) penalty 20l. respectively.

By 21

2* G- 3; commissioners were empow-cicd to appoint a craner to weigh corn,

&c.

powers vested in contmiHi-oners by recited act, to remain in force:

The thirty-third Year of George III.

ner of papers and writings, belonging to any case brought before them, and to examine upon oath, as by the said act is directed: and whereas neither the said act, or any other ad of excise of force in this kingdom, empowers the said commissioners to inflid a penalty upon any person who shall neglect or refuse to appear, or to fend such papers and writings; be it therefore enacted, That in case any person shall neglect or refuse to appear, or appearing, shall refuse to give his testimony concerning the matter in question; or shall neglect or refuse to fend such papers and writings as shall be required, and then shall be in his possession or power to fend, and shall relate to any cause brought before the said commissioners of appeal, every such person shall for every such neglect or refusal, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

L. And whereas there is no time limited by the laws of excise of force in this kingdom, whenever a petition of appeal shall be lodged with the register of appeals, within which the fub-commissioners are obliged to transmit to the said register, a copy of the proceedings in the cause appealed from, whereby great delay has arisen, for remedy whereof, be it enacted, That the said fub-commissioners in their respective districts, shall within twenty days next after service of the injunction, to flop their proceedings, transmit or cause to be transmitted under seal, directed to the said register a true copy attested of all the proceedings and proofs in the said cause, (unless the delay if any shall happen, shall be satisfactorily accounted for in the court of appeals verified' by affidavit,; or in default thereof, the fub-commissioners who signed the said judgment, shall respectively forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

LI. And whereas by an act made in the twenty-first and twenty-second years of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for the better regulation of the corn trade in this kingdom; the chief commissioners of customs or excise were empowered to appoint a craner or craners for the weighing of corn, meal, or malt, brought to the city of Dublin, which should be entitled to the bounty therein mentioned: and whereas the said recited act is now near expiring; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the powers vested in the chief commissioners of customs and excise by the said recited act, shall be, and remain in full force, and that such craner or craners who hath or have been or shall hereafter be appointed

§95

A.D. 1793. Chap. 37-

craner may

appoint n je-

The thirty-third Year of George III.

fd in pursuance of the said recited act, shall and may continue to receive, take, and levy one penny for each and t-very sack of corn, meal, malt, and flour, brought into the city of Dublin, which shall or may be entitled to bounty, and that the said craner shall in case of sickness or necessary ubfence, have liberty and is hereby empowered to appoint a i'»>- jf *i>-deputy to act for hirri during such time as the said commis- Lmmiir-sioners shall think fit, the said deputy to be first approved Cl!" of by the said commissioners of customs or excise, and the cra,lcrac'

< cuuutaiiie for

said craner, and his sureties being accountable for the con- J^my. du£l of the deputy so by him appointed.

LII. And whereas frauds in his Majesty's revenue, arc often practised by persons who transmit to others spirits, and other goods for the conveyance of which permits arc necessary, procuring permits for less quantities than are intended to be conveyed under the protection of such permits, for remedy whereof, be it enacted, That in all cases where any permit for the conveyance of any spirits or other goods orotiicrSomn to any person shall be granted, and the quantity of such fpi- Ji'aa contiin-rits or other goods expressed in the permit, shall be less than the quantity really sent therewith, all contrafts, promises, assumptions, bills, notes, or other securities where any part pnxof a of the confederation thereof shall be for the value or price of u'y thU'm" a greater quantity of such spirits or other goods than that expressed in the permit, shall as to such greater quantity be ‘iMuityi null and void, and no action or suit shall be maintainable in any court of law or equity, for the recovery of the value or price of any greater quantity of such spirits, or other goods than shall be expressed in the permit for conveying the fame , and if the person or persons chargeable with the value or iffud.

r , - 1 , tl . fotjitmiybe

price of such spirits or other goods shall have paid ready rccovaui; money for the fame, or the person or persons felling (he fame, shall otherwise have been paid or satisfied for the value or price thereof, it shall be lawful for the person or persons who shall have so paid or satisfied such value or price, to recover from the feller of such spirits or other goods, the amount of the value or price of so much of such spirits or other goods as shall exceed the quantity mentioned in the permit for conveying the fame, to be sued for, and recovered by civil bill in a court of proper jurisdiction; and in all cases, such permits or any certificate granted by any officer of the he IO R 2 revenue

»r

certificates to

permtts or

Fines, &c. licit'by inflicted, and by acts hereby continued, not otherwise provided for, may he sued for, v'vc. as by 14. 8c 15 CJia. z.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

revenue in lieu thereof, shall be evidence of the quantity mentioned in such permit.

LIII. And be it enacted, That all arid every the fines, penalties, and forfeitures inflicted by this act, or by the fevc-ral acts of parliament hereby continued, or by any of them, other than and except as by this act, or by any of the said acts of parliament so hereby continued, are other wise provided for, shall and may be filed for, recovered, and levied in such manner and form, and by such ways and means, and with such powers and authorities, as are prescribed, directed, and appointed in and by an act of parliament made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of his late Majesty, Charles the second, entitled, An act for thefettling of the exetfe or new impofl upon his Maj.fy, his heirs and Jure,firs, according to the book of rates therein inferled; as fully and effectually to all intents, constructions, and purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned, expressed, and enacted in this act, ofapprlir W't^1 remedy of aPPeal> to and for the party or parties who shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said act is provided.

LIV. And be it enacted, That an act made in the thirty-second year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for continuing and amending several laws relating to his Majesty's re-",t- venue, and for more effectually preventing of frauds therein; and this, or any all and singular the acts thereby continued, and every clause lion, and this in the said acts respectively contained, except such parts umii'a+jnne, thereof as are altered, repealed, or amended by this act,

end+'f?-jf! n or any ^1C fa'd a^s continued’ or by any act passed this session of parliament, together with this act, shall continue to be in force until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and from thence to the end of the then session of parliament and no longer.

LV. And in order to prevent the great expence and trouble which the officers of his Majesty's revenue may be at in proving the commissions under which they aft; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all suits, actions, indictments, or informations brought against any officer of his Majesty's revenue, and in all suits, actions, indictments, or IXcts hnw' *nformatlons brought by any officer of his Majesty's revenue in his own name, or in his Majesty's name, or in the name

6 of

Revenue aft 32 G. 3. c. 17* anil

acts thereby continued!

Attested

copies of cu* irit-s in com-niftTioners or collectors

lifted, shall «?e lutncicni

The thirty-third Year of George III. 8y7

of any informer, where it may be necessary to prove the A.D. commission or commissions of any fub-commissioner or fub-commissioners, or any other officer or officers of his Majes- cviJcuce of ty’s revenue, an attested copy of the entry in any of the Ihy'^haut books of, or belonging to the commissioners of his Majesty's customs or excise in Dublin, or of the entry in the collectors books of that district, where he or they acted as a fub-commissioner or fub-commissioners, or as any other officer or officers of his Majesty's revenue, shall be admitted and allowed as evidence in all courts, whether courts of record, or not courts of record in this kingdom, of his or their being a legal fub-commissioner or fub-commissioners, or other legal officer or officers, or of his or their having authority to act as a fub-commissioner or fub-commissioners, or as an officer or officers of his Majesty's revepue, without producing the coro-million by which he or they were appointed and constituted.

CHAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for giving Relief in Proceedings upon Writs of Mandamus, for the Admission of Freemen into Corporations.

WHEREAS divers persons who have a right to be Preamble, admitted citizens, burgesses, or freemen of divers cities, towns corporate, boroughs, and corporations in this kingdom, being refused to be admitted thereto, have in many cases no other remedy to procure themselves to be admitted to the franchises of being citizens, burgesses or freemen, than by writs of mandamus, the proceedings on which are very dilatory and expensive, and although any such writ of mandamus is obeyed, the person applying is nevertheless put to great and unnecessary trouble, delay, and expence: and whereas by the laws now in being, in many cases no provision is made for giving costs to the party suing out any such writ, where the fame is obeyed; for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and eommon6 'in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the frnm ' Alls-

J 1793, per-

nrft day of August, one thousand seven hundred and ninety* fom entitled Vox. XVI. ic S three,'0*"0'’"

The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

three, where any person shall be entitled to be admitted a citizen, burgess, or freeman of any such city, town corporate, borough, or corporation, and shall apply to the mayor

1793. Chap. 38.

- their claims xo mayor or otiiccra. if not admitted within I month, and if King*-*-ben.h issue a i to

-person shall receive cods, unlefn court feeothetwfej

freemen, who or other person, officer or officers in such city, town corpo-

give notice of r . 11

the nature of -rate, borough, or corporation, who have or hath authority to admit citizens, burgesses, and freemen therein, to be admitted a citizen, burgess, or freeman thereof, and shall give notice in writing, specifying the nature of his claim to such mayor, or other officer or officers, that if he or they shall not so admit such person a citizen, burgess, or freeman, mlffim'/iicii within one month from the time of such notice, the court of King’s bench will be applied to, for a writ of mandamus, to compel such admission; and if such mayor, or other officer or officers shall, after such notice, refuse or neglect to admit such person, and a writ of mandamus shall afterwards if-- sue to compel such mayor, or other officer or officers, to make such admission, and in obedience to such writ, such person shall be admitted by the said mayor, or other officer or officers a citizen, burgess, or freeman of such city, town corporate, borough, or corporation, then such person shall, unless the court shall fee just cause to the contrary, obtain and receive from the said mayor, or other officer or officers so neglecting or refuting as aforesaid, all-colts to which he shall have been put in applying for, obtaining, and serving such writ of mandamus, and enforcing the fame by a rule to be made by the court of King’s bench for the payment thereof, together with the costs of applying for, obtaining, serving, if rule I. not and enforcing the said rule; and if the rule so to be made, shall been- shall not be obeyed, then the same shall be enforced in such forced. manner, as other rules made by the said court are, or may be enforced by law.

II. And in order that it may be known what persons are, from time to time admitted freemen or burgesses of any city, corporation, or borough, be it enacted, That the mayor, bailiff, town clerk, or other officer of any city, corporation, or borough, having the custody of, or power over the re-fmmih a copy COrds of the fame, shall, upon the demand of any two free-

of entries of

admission, on men or burgesses, furnish such freemen or burgesses, and n^ibrnely their agent or agents, with a copy of such entries of ad-pen"hyu:oi m'ff'on of freemen and burgesses, as shall be demanded, tion'be^eom upon Payment of the sum of one shilling for every such copy mewed «i:h- or extract, not exceeding seventy-two words, and so in pro-3 portion

Keeper of records on demand of 2 freemen or burgesses, to

in 1 year.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

portion for all such copies or extra£ls; and if any mayor, bailiff, town clerk, or other such officer, shall refuse or deny to give copies or extracts as before directed, he shall, for every such denial or refusal, forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds, to any such person so demanding such extracts, to he recovered with full costs of suit, by action of debt in any of his Majesty's courts of record in Dublin; provided that such action shall be commenced within the space of one year after the cause of it shall have arisen, and not afterwards.

III. And whereas by collufton with persons having the custody of corporation books, divers persons have obtained their names to be entered therein, as burgesses or freemen, as if they had been duly elected, although such persons were never elected by the corporation; and in order to avoid the trial of their right by mandamus, or judgment of sujler against them, such persons have never sued forth any writ of mandamus, or otherwise applied to be sworn or admitted burgesses or freemen, whereby informations in the nature of quo warranto, cannot be obtained, to try the validity of their elections: and whereas such persons may hereafter disturb the peace of such corporations, at a remote period, when it may be impossible to produce the evidence of their fraudulent elections; for remedy whereof, be it enacted, That from and after the first day of August, which shall be in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, no writ of mandamus shall in any case issue, for the admission of any such bnrgefs or freeman as aforesaid, unless such burgess or freeman shall sue forth such writ, within seven years after such entry of his or their election as aforesaid.

{Vifoits have got their names entered as bur-gefics, by cullulion,

although not eletted:

to avoid trial luvc not sued out a irtnda-mt,i, nor applied to be sworn:

such persons nmy hereafter dill mb corporations:

from I Aug.

1794*

muudiimut shall issue for such bitrgcf* kc. unless 7 years after entry of election.

CHAP. XXXIX.

An Act to enable his Excellency the Lord Lieutenant, to iJJ'uc Treasury Bills, for raising the Sum of Three Hundred Thousand Pounds.

WHEREAS by a resolution of the house of commons, By refold-.

1 . linn ..f house

bearing date the twentieth day of June, one thou- at commons sand seven hundred and ninety-three, it was resolved, that

10S 2 the 31'1-

900

A.D.

'79.V Gup, 30*

clothing and arming militia

3S3*2'1-

i05. I'Sjjd.

- for j>ny ami niaiiitmanrtf for I year5

300.000l. to be rjif«d at 5 per cent.

‘ for so much of 300,000l. a> shall be paid at treasury, inUrdl at y pet cent, (half be paid er«y 6 mnnrhs from S4june 1793, without dc-duttion.

Treasury bills to be issued for so much as paid, as hciein, bearing interest at 5 per cent, and numbered artthmeu-cally.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

the fiiai of eighty. thousand one hundred and thirty-one pounds, three shillings and three pence three farthings, be granted to his Majesty for the first clothing and arming of tile militia of this kingdom; and that the sum of three hundred and fifty three thousand eight hundred and twenty-five pounds, nineteen shillings and ten pence farthing, be granted to.his Majesty for the pay and maintenance of the said militia, for one year: and whereas it is expedient to raisethe sum of three hundred thousand pounds, part of the said sums, on loan, by treasury bills, to carry an interest not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum., be it eriafled by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That for the sum of three hundred thousand pounds, or so much thereof as shall he actually paid by any person or persons.into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, at the instance of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of this kingdom, for the time being, there shall be paid at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, by the hands of the vice-treasurer, or vice-treasurers, pay-master, or pay-masters-general, his or their deputy or deputies, at the end of every six calendar months, to the person or persons entitled thereto, such interest, not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, and to commence from the twenty-fourthday of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, without any fee or charge, and free from all deductions whatsoever, until they shall be respectively paid their principal money, at one entire payment.

II. And be it enacted, That for the said fnm of three hundred thousand pounds, or so much thereof as shall be ac-’ tually paid into his Majesty's treasury as aforesaid, bills entitling the bearer to the amount of the sums to be reflectively specified therein, and declaring such amount to be payable, or pass current at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, at such time and times as shall be directed by the :lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or chief governors of this kingdom, for the time being, shall be issued and given by the proper officers of his Majesty's treasury, such bills to bear an interest, not exceeding the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, the said bills to be numbered in arithmetical

The thirty-third Year of George III.

metical progreifion,-where :the- common excess or-difference is-to be one, -until* the rWhble'ft&ll > be-numbered^ ibeginning with the number-one.

Chap.-39.

Interest to cease at faon

HI.: Provided Always, 'That every such bill To- to'be if-Tued'for the said sum, of three hundred thousand pounds, orj*«"«l-

r ltftois, hc.

any part thereof as jrforelhid, jftallivrtd *;may, on or after after time 'such time or 1 times as thall. be- appointed‘'by the' lord lieute- for TfeJ'*' nant, or other- chief goveraoraor^overnors df'this kingdom,'-for the time being, if not Tooner paid off, be received and

taken by, and1 be current 'to ranyrreceiver or collector in this kingdom, of the customs, excise, or any revenue, aid or tax

in this kingdom, for, and -in Tatisfaction of any custom, excise, or anyrevemie,aid or tax, then or thereafter respectively to become due or payable to his Majesty, his heirs and succes-

fors, 'and shall betaken, pass, and becurreflt at the receipt of his Majesty’s- exchequer, from every1 such receiver or collector, 'for-or in-respect of the customs, excise, or any revenue,

aid-or1 tax, by himcollefted or received, on or k-fter'such . time - or -times, so'to be appointed as aforesaid.

IV. And be'itenaftefl, That as Toon as any of the said treasury' bills, -which! shall- or.* may- issue- in' pursuance- of this a« bills arc . ad, shall be received'by any receiver or collector, - pursuant cXa°ri7

to the provisions of this act, all interest shall cease from the ’&c'

day of such receipt, and shall be no longer payable thereon; and the fame when paid by such -receiver.or.collector cancelled into his Majesty's treasury, lb all be cancelled. into treafu.y.

V. And be it enacted, That the aids granted to'his'Ma- Aidseranc-

jesty, and appropriated by an act passed in this Tclfion of parliament, entitled, An act for granting for one year, the "i"1 "f-

several duties therein mentioned, in lieu of dll other duties say- of inien-ti,' able Upon the articles thereirtspecified, during the said term, and S'beapt' for continuing the effeEl of the treaty of commerce and navigation mini of lire signed at Kerfdilles, on the twenty sixth day of September, one ""rii,i thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, between his Majesty, and the most Christian ' King, and for regulating the trade between this kingdom, and his' Majestys colonies, arid'for other putpofi therein mentioned, to the payment of the interest of the several sums secured by debentures and treasury bills, and of several annuities and charges therein-mentioned, shall, after payment of such interest, annuities and charges, be applied and paid by the vice-treasurer, or' vice-treasurers, his or their deputy or deputies, to the payment of the interest of

Not- XVI.

1 oT

such

The thirty-third Year of George III.

fuel) treasury bills, as may be issued in ptirfuartce of this and that the surplus of the said duties be applied in manner, as shall be directed by parliament.

CHAP. XL.

An Act to prevent the excejfve Price of Coals in the City of Dublin, and for encouraging the Storing thereof.

0 5-c. 33 inf'-if cici.l;

faitl ail null ami void.

Persons who use any means to enhance the price of er.ilf, forfeit 50’. (over other pains and penalties) I moiety to in former, the other to the ho lift* of ill-dultry.

iJ. pern’ty

fur prt vint*

iti^ ptneha* firs of t-valfl from cartyln

WHEREAS an act which passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act to prevent the excejfve price of coals in the city of Dublin, and for other purposes therein mentioned, has been found insufficient for the purposes for which it was enacted; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said recited nfl, and every matter and thing therein contained, shall from henceforth, he null and void.

II. Be it enacted, That if any person or persons shall, from and after the passing of this act, enter into any combination or agreement, or shall use any means for enhancing the price of coals; such person or persons being thereof lawfully convicted on information or indictment, shall (over and above the other pains and penalties in (lifted by law on such offences) for every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds; one moiety of the forfeiture and penalty so to be recovered or inflicted, to go to the person or persons who shall fuc for, or prosecute such indictment or information for the fame; and the other moiety thereof to the governors of the house of industry of the city of Dublin.

III. And whereas it has become a practice for persons concerned in the loading and carrying of coals for hire, and other persons, to interrupt the purchasers of coals from loading by themselves, or persons employed by them, coals so bought, to the great prejudice of such purchasers of coals; for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the prising of this aid, any person who dull interrupt or prevent any purchaser of coals, or others employed

The thirty-third Year of George III. 903

ployed by such purchaser, from loading or carrying away A.D. coals, in such manner as such purchaser or purchasers, or 1793* person or persons by them employed for such purpose shall think fit, shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit a fnm not exceeding ten pounds, to be recovered and applied aw>Kni as be-as aforesaid.

IV. And whereas a custom hath of late years prevailed, and still prevails in the city of Dublin, between dealers in coals and the porters and carmen employed in the carriage thereof to purchasers, by such dealers allowing a douceur or premium to such porters or carmen, (commonly called the old man) by which the price of coals is, and has been considerably enhanced on purchasers; for remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and Penalty o< after the passing of this act, any mailer, owner, or keeper

of any coal vessel, or any dealer or person employed in the sale of coals, who shall give, or any porter, carman, or other '°t. person, who shall demand or receive such douceur or premium, (commonly called the old man) shall, for every such offence, forfeit respectively a sum not exceeding ten pounds, to be recovered and applied in manner as herein before mentioned.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Ai>o,r>it» That from and after the passing of this act, the malter, owner, tile Suf or keeper of every coal-vessel, shall be obliged, immediately w^t ih^msie after the arrival of every such vessel, at any of the quays or publick landing places of the city of Dublin, to hang in a i>r.>usiit, ami conspicuous place at the mast of said vessel, or of the lighter, mnceTio gabbard or boat, in which coals shall be brought up to said u^'ch^acquays or landing places, a board with the name of the place *'" &t\ from whence such coals were really brought, and the day on

which such mailer, owner, or keeper of every such vessel shall have first commenced to discharge any part of the cargo of such vessel, written thereupon in large legible characters, and so placed as that the fame may be read from said quay or landing place; and any person whatsoever v.ho shall know- jwr‘» ir.gly or wilfully fell coals by a false denomination, or be i.*’-., i,n any way aiding or infirumental in imposing upon any buyer fai!’,;',',! of coals, touching the denomination or kind of the said coals, Iff"'1; ’ ’r'

® 7 UT. I Gw

shall for every such offence, forfeit a sum not exceeding ten pounds licrling, to be recovered and applied in mannerhereio before mentioned.

ioT 2

*gP4 '2It thirty-third Year vf GeorgelH.

A.D.

VI. And whereas many frauds have been effected by affixing 1793’ -.- the nominal-price of coals on the masts ofveffels, add after fel-ling coalsithcreout at-prices some time higher, and some time loweMhan ufoch,-price so held out, to the prejudice of the -flair dealer therein; '-for the remedy whereof, be it further - Penalty on enacted byiAhe-authority aforesaid, Thatlhe mailer of every tWpri«of eoaWeflel- shall JikevVife be. obliged every -morning7 immedi-coali, is tun- atelvi'-beforor-tho expofine of such coals-to sale,-toaffix at a

in, am! on / r ~ n r r <v

takiVany xonfpicuotis'place,-'St^the malt'ofuaid venel, :a label, on wtirthermore which shall be-written-.-in large legible characters,-To that the fame. may. be read-from-such quay-or landing place, the price of coals.in iftfch-vessel'for that day ton; and any master, owner, or keeper of any-coal vessel or coal vessels, or other person or persons employed therein, who shall demand or re-(eeive from any purchaser of coals any- other price, whether Jnore or less, or other-than the regulated. and Hated price so :-affixed.on- the mail of such vessels, as the price of the coals ' for that day /w ton s .-or if-less than a ton fold, shall.demand- or-.rceeive from any purchaser of coals, other than the aliquot part.-of’such-price by the ton, (the fraction if any

- exempted;,)'shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit.a

- sum not exceeding ten pounds fferling, the said penalties to ' be recovered and applied in manner herein before men- tinned.

VII. Anid Whereas great frauds are practised in the ad-

- measurement of coals. on board of ships, barks, gabbards, lighters, boats, and other vessels; for the prevention where-

Cdafeiote 0f5 j,e it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and lect in «r- after the passing of this act, all coals fold on- board ships, barks, n^rand.'by gabbards, lighters, and boats, shall -be bnought-upon-deck in I l'le vessel in which they shall have been measured, by a winch or windlass, to be affixed upon - the deck of every such ship, lighter, or gabbard, -for that purpose, and there delivered to the purchaser or purchasers thereof; and-if any master, owner, or keeper of any bark, lighter or gabbard, shall offend herein, such mailer, owner, or keeper, shall for every such offence, forfeit a sum not exceeding ten pounds-sterling, to be recovered and applied as herein before mentioned.

VIII. And whereas great'frauds are likewise practised-in - the admeasurement of coals,-by the persons employed to measure them, by 'such persons placing coals in the measuring vessels in such manner as to prevent such measuring vef-5 fels

The thit ty-tkird Year of George III. ' 905

fe!s from being fairly filled; for remedy whereof, be it enacted, That it Hull and may be lawful to and for the matter measuring porters, superintending the admeasurement of coals on board every such vessel, and they are hereby required to strike fain measuring vessel, once or oftener against the combings or the fide of the hatchway of such ship, bark, lighter, or gabbard, whilst such measuring vessel shall be ruifing up from the hold; and if any deficiency of tncafure shall afterwards appear, to make good the fame out of the coals so felling, it being the true intent and meaning hereof, that the purchasers of coals shall have lionefl measure; and if the matter, owner, or keeper of any such vessel, or any other persons shall mal-treat, refill, or obstruct such master-measuring-porter, in the execution of his duty, such person or persons shall for every such offence (over and above the other pains and penalties to which they may respectively become liable for such misconduct) forfeit a sum not exceeding ten pounds sterling, to be recovered and applied in manner as herein before mentioned.

IX. And whereas great frauds and impositions are practised upon the purchasers of coals within the city of Dublin, and liberties adjoining, by loaders of coals and carmen, and porters employed in the carriage of coals; for remedy whereof, be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this act, if any loader of coals, carmen, or porters employed to carry coals, shall practise any fraud or im whatever upon the person employing him or them, or shall refuse to work, being unemployed, or shall demand, or take more from the person or persons employing him or them than the regulated wages, or shall neglect to take care of the coals intruiled to him or them, such persons so offending, shall for each and every offence (over and above the other pains and penalties to which they may respectively become liable for such mif-conduct) forfeit a sum not exceeding forty shillings, to be recovered and applied in manner herein before mentioned.

X. And be it further enacted, That the owners, keepers, or drivers of cars or carts, for the carriage of coals for hire, shall be under the fame controul and direction to which the owners, keepers, or drivers of other cars or carts, for the carriage of goods for hire are by law now subject.

XI. And whereas accidents have happened to persons passing and repassing in and out of vessels jeforting to the port

Vol. XVI. 10U of

A.D.

793-

S.

u

Miller p.>r* te s to fit ike meafu inr vtiTds wltilll raTi.ig, ami fill them up;

Ch ip. 4

penalty on ohlltucting them 1 ol over all other penalties.

Persons cm ployed to load or carry coals, who commit any fraud, tehife to wo, It, or alk mo^e than the regulated piicr, £tc forfeit 4CS. above all other penal* ties.

Owners and drivers tf coal cars or carts, under fame con* ttoul cars for carriage of goods, Si c.

go6

A.D. 1793.

Chap. 40.

Lord mnjor may compel captain* to pot up ha- d rail*. fcc. or fine ditm, 40s.

Lord mayor, recorder, and

aldermen, may make

rules and byelaws; to be approved of by lord lisn-eellor nurl

chief judi^ci, fuMi/hul three times in gazette, and polled a week.

Lord-mayor may fumtnon patties before him, and examine wii-nesses upon oath; penalty on refnfing to attend ami give telli-mony, u).

The thirty-third Year of George III.

of Dublin for the want of hand-rails annexed to thfc planks; for remedy whereof, be it enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful for the lord mayor of the city of Dublin, to compel tile captains, owners, or keepers of said vessels, to put on said planks such hand-rail, man-rope, or such other defence as he shall judge sufficient, and for neglect thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the said lord mayor, to fine such captain or owner in a sum not exceeding forty shillings, to be recovered and applied in manner herein before mentioned.

XII. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this act, the lord mayor, recorder, and board of aldermen of the city of Dublin, for the time being, or any nine or more of them, (of whom the lord mayor for the time being to be one) shall have power and authority to make and ordain, amend and alter, from time to time, such rules, ordinances, bye-laws, and other regulations, with such fane-tions as they shall judge necessary to carry the fame into effect, as they shall judge necessary and expedient for the good government of the carmen and porters employed in the carriage and loading of coals, and for regulating the wages of such carmen and porters, and for fixing the rates of carriage of coals, and for preventing all frauds and abuses by such carmen and porters in the premises, which rules, ordinances, bye-laws, fanflions, and other regulations so made, amended, or altered as aforesaid, shall from and after the time the same shall be approved as herein after mentioned, have the fame force as if the fame were specially enacted herein; provided that such rules, ordinances, bye-laws, fane-tions, and regulations, shall be approved of by the lord chancellor and chief judges for the time being, under their hands, and immediately after such approbation shall be published three times in the Dublin Gazette, and afterwards shall be polled for 'he space of one week at the custom-house, and at the tholfel of the city of Dublin.

XIII. Be it enacted, That wherever by virtue of this act, the lord mayor of the city of Dublin, is empowered to hear complaints against any person or persons offending, contrary to tins aft, that such lord mayor for the time being shall, and he is hereby veiled with full power and authority to summon the parties before him, and all such witnesses as shall be within the jurisdiction of such lord mayor, as such

1793. Chap. 4.0.

The thirty-third Year of George III. 907

lord mayor shall be required so to do, by the party com- A.D. plaining, or the party complained against, and to examine such witnesses upon oath touching the matter of such complaint; and if any person or persons so summoned to appear and give testimony, shall neglect or refuse so to do, such person or persons so neglecting or refusing, shall upon due proof on oath, after the service of such summons, forfeit a sum not exceeding ten pounds, to be levied and applied as aforesaid.

XIV. And whereas public coal-yards in the city of Dub-

lin, have been found extremely useful, and there is reason to believe they might be dill rendered more so, if the repo-

litories for coals were multiplied; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the lord Lnnji>i-

lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors for the time being, to empower the director of the public coal yards, to 'f""£c"kj purchase or take a lease in perpetuity or otherwise, of such ’ yard »r

r , J; . va-tls, ami to

yard or yards in the city of Dublin, or any where within apply money the circular road, or line of the grand canal, as may be found JS'-ife. convenient and fitting for the purpose, and to apply a competent part of the fund appropriated to public coal-yards, to the payment of the purchase money or rent of such yard or yards.

XV. And in order to encourage the providing of a constant supply of coals in Dublin, for the consumption of the inhabitants thereof, and to render the price thereof reason-

able at all seasons; be it enacted, That every person or com- R-nt 10 h; pany of persons, who shall provide and prepare one or more who (tore or (lores in the city of Dublin, or any where within the [1"'^';",' circular road or line of the grand canal, for the storing of OuUin, or on

0 r . 0 ^,e *ne

coals, shall be allowed and receive as herein after mentioned, the grand ca-so long as such (lore or (lores shall have been occupied in the 111" (loring of coals, to be sold by retail, such annual rent or rents as such person or company shall really and without fraud, be bound to pay the same: provided always, That no m :fcw no greater yearly sum shall he allowed or paid in pursuance i, hc of this act, to the different persons or companies who shall f'jr have (lored coals pursuant to this act, on account of the rent of fuel) (lores, than eight hundred pounds per annum in the whole-

XVI. And ni case more persons or companies than one,

shall prepare and provide such (lores, and that the rents 10I] j payable

<90$ The thirty-tlird Year of George 'III.

ft. D. payable fcr the same shall exceed the yearly sum of eight' 1793‘ hundred pounds; -be it enacted, That the said yearly sum of eight hundred pounds, shall be allowed and paid for such to lei)?001 a ^ores 33 i provided and prepared according to the pri-

accanlingio <ority of time in which the same shall ha ve been provided, priority. X'VII. And be it enacted, That fhc rents of such (lore or

1). p'i^hy" '(lores shall be paid by the collector of the port of Dublin, portof°D°b- ^or ti,e t‘mc being, out of any monies in his hands not ap-bn, uptw or- propriated to any particular use or purpose, upon the order tiny or: of the lord mayor for the time being; and the said collector

shall he allowed the fame on Iris accounts: provided always, no payment That no such payment shall be made, unless it shall appear

to be made , , J # j 1

tinlefncom- to the satisfaction of the chief commissioners of his Majesty’s

fatitSoH that revenue, or any three or more of them, that the person or

coals w"re "f comP‘lriy for whose (lores such payment shall be claimed,

fold and d«j. hath fold and delivered out of such (lores, not less than eight vered within v

the year. thousand tons of coals within the year in which (rich rent

accrued; provided also, that proof to the satisfaction of the said commissioners be made, that the rent claimed for each

such (lore is the rent actually agreed to be paid for the same

without any fraud or collulion.

7)mmty of

XVIII. And be it enacted, That there shall be allowed o«r"oooo an^ Pa‘^ to every person or company, keeping a flore or tons of coals stores for coals, to be sold by retail in the city of Dublin,

florcd for re- ’

tail, before who at any time before the first day of January, one thou-10*be^iald"by sand seven hundred and ninety-four, shall have in such (lore ou'proof to" or stor-cs a quantity of coals for sale, not less than four thou-commissioti- fantj tons, a bounty of one shilling for every ton of coals exceeding such four thousand tons, which shall have, been Hoped in such (lore or (lores, on or before the said first day of January; which bounty shall be paid by the collector of the port of Dublin, out of such monies as aforesaid; provided that no such payment shall be made, unless proof to the satisfaction of the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall be made of the quantity of coals which shall have been stored by the person' or persons claiming such bounty, before the said first day of January; and that at the time any coals shall have been fiofed for which the bounty aforesaid shall be claimed, not less than four thousand tons of coals were in the (lore or (lores of such person or persons, over and above the quantity for which the bounty shall be so claimed.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

XIX. And in order to render the carriage of coals for the supply of the inhabitants of Dublin less expensive, and to facilitate such supply, be it enacted, That there shall be allowed and paid to such person or persons, or company-or companies, as from and after the first day of July, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, shall first build any lighter or lighters, gabbard or gabbards, fit to carry coals from any ship or vessel in the harbour of Dublin, to the river Anna Liffey, westward of Carlisle-bridge-, and any boat or vessel fit to carry coals from any ship or veil'd in the said harbour, or in the said river on the grand canal between Ringfend and Harcourt-bridge, and on the royal canal as far as the bridge nearest to Ratoalh road, each such lighter, gabbard, or boat to be provided with a windlass for raising the coals in such lighter, gabbard, or boat on the deck, to be there measured, the bounties following, that is to say, for every such lighter or gabbard to ply on the said river, westward of Carlisle-bridge, a bounty of twenty shillings per ton by admeasurement; and for every such boat or vessel to ply on either of the said canals, a bounty of twenty (his-

lings per ton, by admeasurement; provided that no greater sum shall be allowed or paid on account of the said bounty for lighters or gabbards, to ply on the said river, than will he equal to the sum of two thousand pounds in the whole; nor no greater sum shall be allowed or paid on account of the said bounty for boats or vessels, to ply on either of the said canals, than the sum of eight hundred pounds in the whole, for boats or vessels on each of the said canals.

XX. And be it enacted, That such bounties shall be paid' by the collector of the port of Dublin, out of such monies as aforesaid, upon a like order.

XXI. Provided always, That no such bounty dial I be paid, unless the quantity of the tonnage of such lighter or gabbard, or boat or vessel be ascertained in such manner as the said commissioners of his Majesty's revenue shall think proper.

XXII. Provided also, That no such payment shall be made to any person or persons, unless such person or persons shall, with two sufficient sureties, enter into a bond to his Majesty, his heirs and successor», in double the sum which shall be claimed as a bounty, which bond the said commissioners of his Majesty's revenue are hereby authorized and required to take for his Majesty's use, conditioned, if such bounty be

Chap. 40.

Bounties to be paid for building

J'f’tlctj r

gabbed* f

c.tr«y:ng c.nls

f on hnrb.nir to L»fT y, w. of C.ir-l.'lle b. i.lpo; viul boa*'* b-‘-limn Rtmif-mil ami H ir-cunrt b:i«L-r,

on g»and o.t itdl;

ami 01: roy 1] canal to btidpt* ntarcil Katoaih; each providril viith a ivied* lafc;

for every lighter of £.ibliar<l on liver, vdt of Carliflr-

l*ride*c, *01. per ton; for tvciv boat, 201. per ton; not ir.oie tlnn 2doc.']. 10 In-paid for lighters or gabbards j Scol. for boats, on each canal.

Bounties paid by collector.

Quantity of tumnve asceriainctl as directed by

camimltion-

No payme-u until }»ei foil and 2 iurctiea enter Into a bond that fitch gabbard shall ply with coals so* 6 ’ years, Sec.

gio jTbe thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

claimed in respect of any lighter or gabbard to ply on the 1793* said river, that such 'lighter or gabbard shall be kept-employ-ed for the term of six years, in plying with coals from the light 'house or harbour of 'Dublin, to the said -river Anna boatsl'1" f° L'fley> westward of Carlisle-bridge; and if such bounty be claimed in respect of any‘boat or vessel to ply on the grand xanal, conditioned that such boat or vessel flia'U he kept employed for the term of six years in plying with coals from the harbour of Dublin, or the river Anna Liffey, on the grand canal, between Ringfend and Harcourt-bridge; and if such bounty be claimed in respect of any boat or vessel to ply on the royal canal, conditioned that such boat or vessel shall be kept employed for the term of six years, -in plying with coals from the'harbour of Dublin, -or the river Anna Liffey, on the royal xanal, ‘between the said river and the bridge nearest to Ratoath road, informs-

XXIII. And -be enacted, That no information, action, or

lions, actions,

tec. within i suit shall be commenced for or by reason of any forfeiture offmcc. 'or penalty incurred by any offence contrary to this act,unless the fame be commenced within the space -of-one- calendar month after such offence shall be committed.

A publick -XXIV. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be - declared a publick act, and shall be deemed and taken notice of as such by all 'judges, justices, and -others, in all courts and places, without pleading the same.

XXV. And whereas an act passed in the 'thirty-first year of his late Majesty George the second, entitled, An aftfir the better /applying the city of Dublin with coals, and fir the better encouragement of the collieries of this kingdom, was continued in force until the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament: and whereas by an act passed in the third year of his present Majesty-s -reign, it was enacted, That the said receited act should be further continued rin full-force until the first day of May, one thousand seven -hundred and seventy-four, and from thence to the end of . continued by the-then-next session of parliament: and whereas the said re-las^j+th -eited aft was -continued by 'several subsequent acts to the olTenl of -twenty-fourth -day of June, one thousand seven hundred and n»t feBoui -ninety-three, and to the end of the then next session of parliament: and whereas it is thought convenient that the said JuedVo'a+ih further continued; 'be it enacted, That the said, aft

>ue i;<y, j shall

'Recital coal ad 31 O.a. c t+.

said act continued by 3 'G»3- to lit May *77*f 5

The thirty-third Year of George III. 911

shall be further continued in full force until the twenty-fourth A.D. day of June, in the year of our Lord, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and from thence to the end of anj end of the then next session of parliament. nextfciu.n.

XXVI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Dfrcfloh it shall and may be lawful for the directors of the public y ^!: coal yards to purchase turf, if they shall think fit, for the tl"f-use of the poor.

CHAP. XLI.

An Act for fcuring the Freedom and Independence of the House of Commons, by excluding therefrom Persons holding any Offices under the Crown, to be hereafter created, or holding certain Offices therein enumerated, or Pensions for Terms of Tears, or during His Majestys Pleasure.

FOR the better preserving the constitution and freedom of parliament; be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That no persian who shall have in his own name, or in the No'posa, name of any person or persons in trufl for him, or for his a praee’of’3 ' benefit, any office or place of profit under the crown, at any time after the passing of this a cl, created or erected, nor or havinjj» any person having any pension from the crown during plea- years, or sure, or for a term of years; nor any person whose wife mr"n®rPi"Jrc shall have any pension from the crown during pleafur^ or_for a term of years; nor any surveyor-general in the revenue, ^ nor any collector in the revenue, appointed by the commit- nyji-gca« sioners of customs or excise, save only the collectors of the icftor of rc-customs and excise in the port of Dublin, and in the county of, and city of Dublin; nor any of the secretaries to the nur secreta-commissioners of customs, to the excise, to the commissioners different com-of accounts, to the commissioners of the barracks, to poll office, or to the board of ordnance; nor the paymaster of ‘>°mJ > bounties on corn coming coastways to the city of Dublin, shall be capable of being elected a member of the house oftl;8.

f ° ways; shall be

commons in this present parliament, or of being elected, or e'£a«d a of fitting and voting as a member of the house of commons, p^iiame,t.

10X2 in

912 Yhe thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

in any parliament which shall be hereafter summoned and 1793- holden.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any office under the Offices re- crown, hath been abolished or disused for the fpSce of five

vived after 5 r

years dilute, years, before the passing of this act, shall be re-established, year ndeted to or if any additional salary exceeding one hundred pounds per cduwoScei annumi Ihah, after the passing of this act, be added to ilia salary of any office, or if a salary of one hundred pounds per annum, shall be granted to any office to which no salary is now granted, every such office shall be deemed a new office, within the true intent and meaning of this act.

IfliUMa- HI- Provided always, That if his Majesty shall think fit cSmErn to grant the office of high treasurer of Ireland, to be executed

of near,iry. commissioners, it shall and may be lawful for such cam-

theynmhhcir '

secretary may missioners, and for the secretary of such conimiluoners, lo membera. be elected members of, and lo fit and vote in the hoafe of

commons.

Members

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any per-])cc.a1793.31 son being chosen a member of the house of commons shall, after the thirty-first day of December; one thousanii seven Uielrfea-s' hundred and ninety-three, accept any office of profit from the crown, during such time as he shall continue a member, his feat shall thereupon become vacant, and a writ shall issue for a new election. f Such per- V. Provided nevertheless, That such person shall be ca-'re-electd.* pable of being again elected to be a member of the house of commons, for the place for which he had been a member, or any other place fending members to the house of commons.

Noaddi-

VI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in order to

tional com- prevent for the future, too great a number of commissioners missioncisto r

be appointed, being appointed or confiituted for the execution of any office, no greater number of commissioners shall be made or con-ilituted for the execution of any office, than have been employed in the execution of such office, at some time before the first day of the present parliament.

King may

VII. Provided al ways. That it shall and may lawful for his Ma-SonersTf jessy, his heirs and successors, to appoint commissioners for the treasury. purpose of executing the office of high treasurer of this kingdom.

Not toex-

VIII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall ex-«rs in army, tend, or be construed to extend to any member of the house of »i!'»Tsc.r commons being an officer in his Majesty’s. army, militia,: or navy,

6 or

The thirty-third Year of George III. cj

or who shall receive any new or oilier commission or warrant in the A.D. army or navy respectively; nor to any person having or accepting 1793. an office for life, or during good behaviour. Chap. 4.1.

IX. And be it further emitted, That if any person hereby dif- E!c£Uuns abled or declared incapable of fitting or voting in the house of commons, shall nevertheieis he returned as a member to lerve for any nrapifclc,

t 1 , H"t!) be vo'd,

county, city, borough, town, or place in parliament, such chuion m.d such per-

and return are hereby declared 10 he void, to all intents and i>ur- i'".'1’.1'1)-!'1'""

' ’ ing (0 n( or

poses; and if any person so hereafter returned, and disabled or in- v0,('> capable by this act to be defied, shall presume to lit or vote as a foil filing.*' member of the house of commons, such person so fitting or voting shall forfeit the Aim of five hundred pounds, to be recovered by fudi person as shall sue for the same, in any of his Majesty's courts of record in Dublin, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no elToin, protettion, or wager of law shall be allowed, and only one imparlance.

X. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing Personswlm of this act, it shall not be lawful for any person who shall lie ap- j1^' pointed to any civil office, or place of profit under the crown, the iil xt'soi2ooi. salary and perquisites of which shall amount to two hundred pounds atm craned, a year, which shall he hereafter created or crcfletl, to execute the [*"Drot dttties, or receive the salary or profits of such office, until he shall f>* mcniiins

ofpailianicnt.

have taken before a baron of the couit ot exchequer, the oath following, to wit;

1 A. E. do fixer,r, that I have not accepted, and will not o«li. hold the office of in trufl, or for the tife

or bcncf.t, diicflly or indirectly, of any member of the house of commons. So help me Cod.

XI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this att, every person who shall lie eletted a member of the house of commons, shall at the time he takes his feat in the said house, take and subscribe the oath following, to wit;

I A. B- do f locar, that 1 do not hold in my c-.cn name, or 0«l. 1.. in the name of any person in trufl for in c, or for my benefit, any ,1.',. pension for years, or during his Majestys pkafure, or any office " l3"r or place of profit under the crown, which is rendered by ahl of parliament incompatible with the holding a feat in the house of commons.

1 o Y

CHAP.

9M

A.D. 1793.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

CHAP. XLII.

An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, in Regard to the Imprisonment of their Persons.

Expired.

WHEREAS fevera| persons now are, and for a considerable time, 1»j»vc

been confined for debt in the several gaols In this kingdom, who ar? ready and desirous to surrender all their property to their creditors: And whereas a great proportion of said prisoners arc confined for small debts, and being tr.uVfmen or manufacturers, have large families depending on their labour or iiuiuftry for support: And whereas it will be of benefit to the just creditors of such prisoners, that a fair and true account and dividend of all their property and effects shall be made, and it is also expedient that insolvents truly surrendering the \v! ole of their property to their creditors, shall be liberated and enabled to pursue their several occupations; be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That immediately after the passing of this act, every gaoler, or marshalsea-keeper in the kingdom of Ireland, shall make a return of the several persons who were confined in their respective gaols for debt on the first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three; such return to certify the day of their several committ-ds, and that they have been in actual custody ever since the day of such committal, the name or names of the plaintiffor plaintiffs at whole suit they were committed or detained, the amount of their respective debts, with the trade or occupation of the prisoners, and the place of their residence immediately previous to their imprisonment; such return to be verified on the oath of such gaoler, before one of his Majesty*s justices of the peace for the county or city where such prisoners are confined; and also verified by the certificate of the high sheriff or (hcriffs, or under {heriff of such county or city; and such gaoler, fiieriff or sheriffs respectively, shall immmediately thereupon transmit such teturn, affidavit, and certificate to the proper officer of some of Ids Majesty's courts of law at Dublin, who shall file the same in said court; and attested copies of such affidavits, returns, and certificates, shall be granted by such officer to any creditor or other person applying for the fame; and shall be sufficient evidence of the imprisonments and the time of such imprisotiments rt-spectively contained in such affidavit; and any gaoler, or marshalsea-keeper, neglecting to make such return or affidavit for a space of twenty-one days after the passing of this act, shall pay a fine of five pounds.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this act, any person or persons who shall have been in actual confinement on the first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and hath, or have been ever since confined in actual euflody in any gaol or prison in this kingdom, under any execution, writ, action, or other process issued out of any court of law in this kingdom, whether of superior or inferior jurisdiction, for any debt or debts not exceeding in the whole the sum of two hundred pounds, and performing the several requisites made necessary by this act, exhibit a petition to that court of law from whence the process issued, upon which he, {lie, or they were first arre(led or taken, setting forth the said original cause or process, and also all other causes of his, her, or their imprisonment, and in a schedule to be annexed to such petition, setting forth a full and true account of his, her, or their r whole

The thirty-third Year of George III. 915

whole real and personal estate, ami of all ami every sum and sums of money, gili'i, h)t

legacies, charges, reversions, ami benefits whatsoewr, which he, she, or thtv is, j ~g^,

an1, or may be in law or equity entitled unto, under or by virtue of any will ui Chap.*42,

fetrltment, or otherwise, as far as the fame hath come to the knowledge of him, -w

l.'.r, or them, with the dates of the securkies wherein any part of it eonfilts,

and of the deeds, wills, writings, or notes relating thereto; and the names of the witnesses to the fame, as far as his, her, or their knowledge extends thereto,

and in whole hands the fame respectively are; but before any such petition shall be

received by the said court, out of which the original or first process as aforesaid

has issued, every such prisoner or prisoners, in order to obtain the benefit of this

aft, shall give or cause to be given a notice in writing, in form and manner as

herein after mentioned, to all and every the creditor or creditors at whose futt

such prisoner or prisoners (land charged, or his or their executors or administrators,

or at his, her, or their usual place of abode: and also tohis, her, or their attorney

or agent then on record, in any such action or actions on which the said prisoners were arrested, or under which they were detained.

III. Provided always, That where the attorney last on record, or under whose name such process issued has been dead, such prisoner or prisoners shall serve notice on any other attorney, who shall or may have been employed by said creditors, an d shall appear their attorney on record in said action at any time previous to the preferring their petition as aforesaid, said notice to be given fourteen days at lead before any such petition shall be presented and received, signed with the name or mark of such prisoner, importing his or her intention to petition as aforesaid; and shall also give notice in the Dublin gazette, of the like impon, to all his, her, or their creditors in general, at lead twenty days before the presenting of such petition; and an affidavit of the due service of every such notice at the time of presenting such petition shall be read, and at the same time proof (hal^be made to the u-tisfaclion of such court, of such publication in the gazette, and thereupon such court shall by order or rule, cause the said prisoner so petitioning to be brought up on some short day, to be appointed by such court.

IV. Provided always, That no petition of any insolvent praying to be discharged under this act, shall be received or taken into consideration by any court, unkfs such petition be previously signed by some one praftifsng attorney of the court where such petition shall be preferred, which attorney shall also certify upon said petition that he verily believes the contents of the same are true, amlthattheftver.il requisites required by this act, have been fully, truly, and without fraud, equivocation, or cvdlcn performed; such petition and certificate to be lodged by such attorney with the officer of the court where such petition is addressed to 5 and the several creditor-; at whose suit the prisoner or prisoners arc charged or detained as aforesaid, Hull he fumnmned for that purpose in manner herein after mentioned; and upon the day appointed for taking such petition into consideration, as herein after mentioned, such appearance, whether the creditor or creditors so fumntoned, or any other creditor, appear or not, proof being made of due notice and drvice, and of such publication in the gazette as shall appear satisfactory to the said court, the court mav in a summary way examine into the matter of such petition, and hear what can or shall be alledged on either fide, for cr against the discharge cf such prisoner, and upon examination the court may, and are hereby required to administer or tender to the prisoner an oath to 1 lie following efieft, which oath the said court are hereby empowered to administer.

I A. 11. do fJtni’ily fti-Citr, in the prfr.ee cf sttnii^hty G:ds that the account by v;/ delivered into this honoural'c t:-urti in my petitk-n to this court, and the schdule thre* unto annexed, doth corf a true nut! full account f all my veal andperfral estate, debts,

g 16 The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

credits, and elsecls whatfscvsr, which I or any in truflfor me ha'-'?* or at tie time of m\ 1793' f‘id petition had, cram, or was in any respect entitled to, in pff ff-,n, remainder, c-r re. Chap. q.2. Vt'rf‘on> except the wearing apparel and bedding fer me or my family, and the tods cr in L—/ Jh'uments of my trade or calling, not exceeding ten pounds in value in tie whole, and f , all and every Jinn and sums of money, charges end benefits u-hitfure., which in I,over

equity / am or may be eutil/td to under any n il, flthment, C> t/Lr-wife, as fat' at lath come to my knowledge; ami that I have net at any time fmee n-y imprisonment, cr l f: directly or hldireclly fid, leased, nffigmd, or otherwfe dfpfcJ of, or made over in teufl for tnyfilf, cr any f my family, relations, or fiends, er otlurwife, ctlstr than as nvn-iicned its such account, any part of my lands, efutic, g.c-ls, Jock, money, (hits, rad e> ferfonal estate, or fnm or sums ef money, charges and bcmfits in law or equity as afn-/aid, wherel"! t: conceal or discharge the fame, or whereby to have or expe£i any ben,fit :y profit to myself or any of my family, or whereby any of my creditors to whom lam indebted may be defrauded of, or deprived oj the fame, er hindetedfrom recovering his, her, cf theirj/f debt or Jilts.

So help me God.

V. And in case the prisoner shall, in open court, take the salt I oath, and upon such examination, and his or her taking the f.tid oath, the creditors ill,ill be f.uis-fied with the truth thereof, the court may immediately order the lands, goods, and cflefls contained in such account, and all other the real and personal estate of such prisoner, and all sum and sums of money, gifts, legacies, charges, reversions, and benefits to which he or file may be entitled in Jaw or equity as aforesaid, to be niligned to some one or more of the creditors to the said prisoner, who may up-.pear competent to the f.iid court in that respect, or to some officer of the said court, to be fixed on by the said court for that purpose; and all and every the lands, goods, and effects, and all the cflute real and personal of such prisoner, and all sum and sums of money, gifts, legacies, charges, and benefits as aforesaid, shall be fully and efiettuallyafiigned to, and veiled in such creditor or creditors, or officer, by a short endorsement on the back of said petition or schedule signed by such prisoner; and the pet Ton or persons to whom such alignment is or shall be nude, may take possession of, and fuc for the fame in law or equity, in his or their own name or names, in like manner as assignees of commissioners of bankrupts, to which salt no relenfe of the prisoner, his or her executors or administrators, or any mifteefor him or her subscqucm to such assignment shall beany bar*, and the f.iid aisignment shall be in mill for all the creditors or the said prisoner, who shall within six months after such alignment, in pursuance of notice being given in the Dublin gazette for that purpufe, by such allignee or assignees, come in and claim, ami prove their debts respectively, inon oath, to be made before a mailer, ordinary or extraordinary, in the court of chancery, or before some person authorized to rake affidavits in any of the law courts in this kingdom, or before any going juuge of assize, or before any mayor or chief magistrate of any cities, borough, or to a n corporate, near to which such creditor or creditors Audi reside within this kingdom, or elsewhere; and immediately upon such alignment executed, an order shall be made by such court to discharge such prisoner on the fourth day after the date of fu-.i: order; and such order shall be a sufficient warrant to the flierifi, gaoler, or keeper of such pvifon, to difclurgo the said prisoner, if detained for the causes mentioned in such petition, and no ether; and he is hereby required to discharge, or set him cr her at liberty, without fee; nor shall such sheriff or gaoler be liable to any action orefcape upon that account.

VI. Provided always, That in calc any creditor or other person shall, within ten days next after the date of such order, nuke affidavit of any deceit or fraud p.rac-tifed in obtaining such order, before any judge of such court, as such judge may

6 deem

The thirty-third Year of George III. 917

H;’om fuiTscient grounds, such judge may and is hereby empowered to supersede As D. such order, aid to order such prisoner to be until the next day appointed j ~(j^.

for uifchnrgir.r of insolventsby laid court; am) the fuhjrft of said affidavit ii-ali he Chap. -J.'1 then taken into consideration by said court, hicli may, upon consideration there-of, remand laid prisoner, or make such order thereon as to them shall form iit.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall wilfully conceal any part of the effects of any person claiming the benefit of this act, or shall take any alignment or other conveyance of any estate, real or personal, of such person either in trull for such insolvent, or for any of his family, or in any ihape to evade the intention of this act, or shall accept any false or fictitious securiry or fccuriucs, in order to take or preserve any part of the property of such insolvent from his jull creditors, each and every person so offending shall, on being duly convicted thereof, Aider six months imprisonment, and pay a fine of one hundred pounds; one-half thereof to go to the informer, and the other half to the poor of the panfli in which such fraud shall be committed, to be recovered with double coll by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of rcaml in Dublin, wherein no eftoign, protection, wager of law, nor more than one imparlance shall be allowed; and all alignments, conveyances, and securities made in such manner, shall be deemed null and void as against the just creditors of such insolvent.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the person or persons to whom the said cflefts shall be aligned, shall and are hereby required to divide the effects so aligned amongst themselves, if creditors, and all the persons for whom they Diall be en-trusted, amongst whom the gaoler or keeper of the prison in whose custody the party discharged was, shall be included as a creditor, for his fees, in proportion to their respective debts as aforesaid; but in case the person or persons at whose suit such prisoner was charged, or any of them, shall not be satisfied with the truth of such oath as aforesaid, but shall desire further time to inform himself of the matters contained therein, the said court may and shall remand the said prisoner, and direct the person or persons diflhtisfied with such oath, to appear at another day to be appointed by the said court, some time within twenty-one days next following the time of such examination 5 and if at such second day so to be appointed, the creditor or creditors dissatisfied with such oath, shall make a default in appearing, or in case he or they shall appear, but shall be unable to discover any estate or offers of the prisoner omitted in such his or her petition, or schedule, or to fliev any probability of his or her having been forsworn in the said oath, or to shew any other sufficient cause to the said court why he or Che should not be discharged, then the said court shall immediately cause the said prisoner to be discharged upon such alignment of his or her estates, cflefts, benefits and interests in manner as aforesaid.

IX. And be it enacted, That every affidavit of notice upon creditors, their representatives, or their attornies, made requisite by this act, shall specify the names and abode of the person served, by whom they were served, the place where, am! the day of such service, and whether person.-.lly served or otherwise; and no affidavit of such notice Hull be read or received, unless such attorney of the insolvent as aforesaid, shall upon such affidavit certify, that he verily believes a notice lo have been regularly and duly served upon such creditors as aforesaid, the repre-femative and attorney at the least twenty-one running days before such petition be taken into consideration, every such notice to be in the words following:

'Tub: notice, that now aprjfcner confined in the gaol of

fir debt, has cn the day of prtfented a petition to the court cf

to be discharged as an insolvent, under the eft of parliament latelypnjjedfor that purp'fe,

Vol. XVI. 10 Z and

g 18 The thirty-third Year of George III.

IX eind that fitch petition will be taken into confederation on the day of in

I fa* COurt> where you are hereby required to appear in person, or by your attorney.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the person or ersons of the debtor or debtors so discharged, shall never after be arrested, or liable to imprisonment for the fame debt or debts for which any debtor was so arrested or detained in prison, nor for any other debt or debts due to per-ions on whom or whose executors or admiuittrators notice as in manner before prescribed shall have been regularly served, and in case he, ttte, or they shall be arrested or tmprisoned for any such debt or debts, and any suit or Suits shall be commenced against him, her, or them in respect thereof, such person so discharged, Oral] and may be discharged and set at liberty, by any judge of the court out of which such ;process issued, by any order made on hearing the matter in a summary way, or by any judge of assize, commissioner of general gaol delivery, or commissioner of oyer and terminer; and such person so discharged may plead this act, and his discharge under the fame, in bar-of any such action or actions.

XI. Provided always, That in case the said prisoner shall refuse to take the said oath, or having taken the fame, shall be detected of falsity therein before the said court, he or (lie shall be presently remanded by the said court to prison, and shall forfeit all benefit of this act.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any such person who shall take such oath as aforesaid, shall upon any indictment for perjury, in any matter or particular contained in the said oath, be convicted by his or her own confession, or by theverdift of twelve men, as be or ihe may be by force of this act, the person so convicted shall fuller all the pains and forfeitures which -may by law be inflicted by any person convicted of wilful perjury, and shall likewise be liable to be taken upon any process de novo, and charged for the said debt, or any other in the same manner as if he or she had never been discharged, or taken before, and shall never after have the benefit of this or any 'Other insolvent aft.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons obtaining his, her, or their discharge from imprisonment, under or by virtue of this act as aforesaid, shall knowingly and willingly remove, make away with, conceal, or embezzle any part of his, her, or their estate, goods or effects, or any beneficial interest, to the value of ten pounds, or any books of accounts, papers, securities, or writings relating thereto, with an intent to defraud his or their creditors, all and every such person and persons being thereof lawfully convicted by indiftraent, shall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of felony, and shall suffer as a felon or felons, without benefit of clergy, or the benefit of any statute made in relation to felons, and in such case all the goods, eflefts, estate and interest of such person and persons so convicted, shall go to, and be divided by the assignee or assignees as aforesaid, amongst all the creditors of such person or persons, in like manner as the fame would have been done if included in such schedule as aforesaid.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case the said assignees so made or appointed as aforesaid, or any of them, shall refuse or decline to act in the said trutt, that then and in such case on application to the court for that purpose, the said court is hereby empowered to substitute one or more assignee or assignees, in the room and place of the person or persons so refuting or declining as aforesaid.

XV. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no more shall be paid for any notice or publication under any part of this act, in the Dublin, gazette, or any other public newspaper, than one shilling, and the publisher of such gazette,

3 and

The thirty-third Year of George III. gig

and every public newspaper, shall be bound upon request, and on payment or ten- D,

der of the said sum of one shilling, to print and publish the fame. I jg

XVI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every such af- Qiap, 42. (ignee or assignees, trustee and trustees herein after mentioned, shall make a dividend or dividends of all the estates and effects of such prtfoner or prisoners as aforesaid, or as herein after mentioned, coming to their hands within nine calendar months after the same shall be so assigned to, or be vested in him, her, or them as aforesaid, as far as the nature thereof will admit, unless upon application to the court by which such assignees were appointed, and aligning some good cause for delaying the fame, further time shall be given and in case any of the estates, effects, or interests so assigned to, or veiled in such assignee or assignees as aforesaid, or in any assignee or assignees, trustee or trustees as herein after mentioned,

shall be of such a nature, as not to be reducible into possession, or into money, within a convenient time, such assignee or assignees as aforesaid, and such assignee and assignees, trustee and trustees as herein after mentioned, shall and may by petition, (late the same to the court by which the order of assignment was made, who may refer it to the officer of the said court to sell and dispose thereof so circumstanced for the heft price that can be got for the fame; and in case that the same shall be subject to any honed and fair charge or incumbrance, may sell and dispose of the fame, subject to such charge or incumbrance, and shall have power to convey, assign, and transfer the fame, and the whole interest which such person had therein j and the produce arising by every such file, shall be paid to such assignee or assignees, trustee or trustees, to be divided as aforesaid, after payment of such costs as shall reasonably have been expended touching the fame, and the venders and purchasers shall not be answerable for the application or misapplicati. on thereof.

XVII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any creditor or creditors of such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid, shall be dissatisfied with the conduct of such assignee or assignees as aforesaid, he, (lie, or they shall and may apply to the court by whom such assignees were appointed for relief against such assignee or assignees, whereupon such court upon fuflident cause appearing to them, may give such relief by temoval of such assignee or assignees, and by appointing some other person or persons in his, her, or their (lead, or by making such other order or orders as shall seem just and adequate to the occasion.

XVIII. And whereas great difficulties have arisen in the execution of the acts heretofore made for the relief of tnfolvent debtors, for want of a proper method having been provided by the said n&s, for ascertaining in a summary way the several demands against the estates of the debtors, which have been assigned in order to be distributed amongst their creditors , for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases where the estate of the debtor has been assigned in pursuance of any of the said actes, and that no distribution thereof has been heretofore made, it shall and may be lawful for the assignee or assignees, and they are hereby empowered to examine -upon oath the person who hath put in a claim against the estate so assigned to him concerning the reality of his claim or demand, and also the debtor whose estates and effects have been assigned concerning the same; and if upon such examination, he or they shall be satisfied concerning the reality of such claims, he and they is and are hereby required to allow the fame; but if such assignee or assignees shall, after such examinations, entertain any doubt concerning the reality or fairness of such debt ot claim, then and in such case such assignee or assignees, or any two of the creditors of such debtor, shall be at liberty to present a petition to the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commissioners of the great seal of this kingdom for the time being, or to

(jzo The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

his Majesty’s court of exchequer, fl.uinp such doubts as to the truth or fr.irntf:- (i tuc^ orc*mj 2!<* F1*2}'*15? that the frme be enquired into, and thereupon Cltnp. such enquiry shall be made in a summary w:v, upon a rrfrrcmx* to ene t-f the m. (leri of the high cctirt of chancery, cr :!*e proper officer of the tour: of oa'u-»pier, in the rrofccutton of winch enquiry, it shall tc Uwtui to examine :! n-.ieffary patties upon o.uh, by interrogate; ies or otherwise; ami the said Sort: c -c.’.h-r, lord keeper, awl lords Commissioners, or his ?.Lj. IVs court cf exthe-au', Ih.til have power linaliv to decide and to make orders upon, and respecting fi-i.it claim anti debt as aforesaid; ami if it shall appear that iudi debt or claim Jtr.s unduly and without any re.ifon.ibie foundation keen let up and made, then the said lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commit' em rr, or Ids Maj. fly’s court of exchequer, may set elide ami ufaliow the fame, and order such costs to be paid to such alfsgnee or aiiignces, or two petitioning creditors of such debtor as fhsil seem ressonable, and for non-payment thereof, may proceed to enforce pr.ym.ent by attachment cr otherwise, as in ordin.itv cases of contempt of the f.t;d courts.

XIX. And whereas it may happen, that some person or persons may be found in possession of feme part or puts of the eftats of such prisoner 01 prisoners as aforesaid, or of fuel', prisoner or prifot.ers r.s her. in after mcmioned, pmtemlijig to be entitled there:> for some fiaitious debt or debts, or for feme debt or debts which h ive been f.uishal; be it otiaded by the authority uforcf.mt, That in every such case, the allignee or alliances as aforesaid, ami luck assignee or assignees, trufleo or milhes as herein after mentioned, Hull and may petition the high court of chancery, or the court of exchequer, praying that an enquiry may be made, and that juilico may be done to all the creditors of such prisoner or prisoners rc-speettng the fame; whereupon the said court to whom such petition shall be presented, Audi and may in a summary way enquire into, and finally decide upon the fame; ami if it shall appear to such court that such debt or debts was, or were really and fairly due by fu. h prisoner, then and in such case such creditor shall, if such debt shall nrpear to be n simple contract debt, be entitled according to the amount of ! i;: debr, to such proportion of the eftc&s of such prisoner as other creditors praying simple contract debts are entitled to; but if such debt or debts shall appear to have been secured by one or more judgment or judgments, then in such case such creditor shall be entitled to be paid according to the priority of Ins judgment or judgments, in such manner as other judgment creditors are to be paid by this att.

XX. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to deprive any mortgagee or mortgagees, or creditor or creditors, by flntute-ffaple or statute-merchant, recognizance or judg cut of any estate or interest, or of any lien, charge, priority, or benefit, which such mortgagee or mortgagees, creditor or creditors, for a fair and valuable consideration, shall have, or be entitled to in law or equity, against, or in respect to any of the buds or real estate of such prisoner or prisoners, such mortgagee or mortgagees, creditor, or creditors, or the person or persons under whom he, flic, or they may claim, being truly and bona fi4e% such on the said first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall not extend to any prisoner or prisoners seeking his discharge as aforesaid, who shall not appear by the return, affidavit and certificate herein before mentioned, to have been in actual custody for debt in some public gaol, on the first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, without fraud or collusion; nor to any such prisoner as aforesaid, who shall be in prison, and charged in custody for any debt to one person exceeding in the whole the sum of two hundred pounds, unless such prisoner shall appear to have obtained his ccr-

5 tificate

The thirty-third Year of George III. 92 1

under feme commission of bankruptcy, or to have been discharged under A.D. Tome insolvent debtors aft, within Great Britain or Ireland, and shall appear to . 1793. be imprisoned for some debt owing by ! im before thcobtaining of such certificate Chap. 42, or discharge; nor shall the fame extend, or b: conllrucd to extend to any such t*— prisoner seeking his di (charge as aforesaid, to discharge him from any aired, or imprisonment: or for or in respect to any debt owing by him or her as a trustee for any widow or children, or as attorney or folichor for any client, or as high iheriir, fub-flierifT, or coroner, for any execution; or as church-warden, high or petty-constable of any pnriflt; nor Hull this act extend to ary person within the provision of the bankrupt laws of this Kingdom, in case any commission of bankruptcy shall be sued out, and prosecuted against him or her, before such time as such person may according to this act obtain a difehavge from his imprisonmem; nor to any person who shall appear to have embezzled the t Hefts entruited to his care; or who has by false tokens or other fraudulent devices incurred the debt for which he or she is in custody; or to any person who is confined on account of damages recovered in any action founded on a tort.

XXII. Provided also, That this act shall not extend to free or discharge the future efiefts of any person seeking the benefit of this act, which shall originally accrue to any such person, or be gained by him or her, after having taken the benefit thereof, but the same shall be liable and subject to his or her debts now owing by him or her, as if this act had not been made.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ali and every nflignee or assignees, trustee and trustees of the estate and efiefts of any prisoner or prisoners within the provisions of this act, shall have power and authority to compound with persons indebted to such prisoner or prisoners, or to fubn-.it to arbitration, any suit, debt, or claim, of or against such prisoner or prisoners, or of or against: such assignee or assignees, trustee or trustees, as fuel), and such cornpo-fition as shall be so made by such assignee or assignees, trustee or trustees, and all and every award and awards as shall be made by any arbitrator or arbitrators, umpire or umpires, in confidence of any reference or arbitration by any such assignee or assignees, trustee or trustees, shall be good, effectual, and binding to all parties concerned, and the said assignee or assignees, trustee or trustees, are hereby indemnified for what he, flic, or they, shall fairly do according to the directions aforesaid.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all and every case or cases, where mutual credit hath been given between any prisoner or prisoners within the provisions of this act, and any other person or persons, or body politic or corporate, before the exhibiting of such account or schedule of the estate and effects of such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid, or as herein after mentioned; then and in every such case, the respective assignee or assignees, trustee or trustees of such..prisoner or prisoners shall have, and have hereby power to state and allow an account between them, and nothing more shall be deemed to be veiled in any such assignees or trustees, as the estate or efiefts of such prisoner or prisoners, than what shall appear to be due to him, her, or them respectively, for the balance of such account when duly dated.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases wherein by this act in any part thereof an oath is required or directed, the solemn affirmation of any person being a quaker to the fame efieft, shall and may be accepted and taken in lieu thereof; and every person making such affirmation, who shall be convicted of wilful and false affirming, shall incur and fuller such and the fame penalties as are inflicted and imposed by law upon persons convicted-of wilful and corrupt perjury.

n A

it) 2 2

The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D. 1793. Chap. 4-

XXVI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all rules, affidavits, advertisements, notices, and proceedings, to be made, used, publiflted, or in any wise had towards, or in order to the obtaining the discharge of any such prisonct ns aforesaid, and towards the creditors of any such prisoner obtaining a satisfaction of his, her, or their just debts by the means of this act, shall not be liable or subject to any (lamp duty whatsoever.

XXVII. Whereas persons now ill custody, under process of the courts of law, have heretofore endeavoured to obtain the benefit of an act passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for the relief of in-fohent thhtors, with rrfpecl to the imprisonment of their persons, by fraud and iffipo-fition on such.courts, be it enacted, That no person shall be entitled to his discharge under this act, or under the said receited act, who shall be proved by the

oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before the court out of which such original or first' process iflited, and to whom such prisoner’s petition has been

- presented, or such judge or judges, or other person who shall by the provisions of this act be appointed or enabled to determine the merits of the (hid petition, to

- have set forth in the affidavit, to be by him or her made in pursuance of this act,

- or of the said receited act, or (Inll procure the gaoler, or other person in whole custody lie,' flic, or they is, are, or have been, to set forth, in the affidavit to be . by them made, any matter or fast which is not true, in order to entitle themselves

to the benefit of this or the said receited act; and it flr.il! be lawful for such court,

judge, or judges, or other person so determining the merits of the said petition, at his or their discretion, to determine on the truth of such charge, and annex to such

1 petition a certificate; and if by such certificate, he shall be declared guilty of such charge, in such case the prisoner or petitioner so offending and convicted in manner aforesaid, shall forfeit the benefit of this or the said receited act.

XXVIII. 'And whereas it is not reasonable that a creditor, by proceeding against the person of his debtor, for the purpose of compelling him to do what is just, should lose or be deprived of his execution against his debtor’s estate; and it frequently happens that the debtors possessed of lands, goods, or other effects, choose rather to continue in prison, than to -apply the means ill their power for the payment or satisfadi-on of their creditors; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person who. shall have charged or detained his or her debtor on a capias ad satisfaciendum or otherwise, shall have the fame execution for the fame 'debt against the lands and goods or other estate of his or her said debtor, by elegil, fieri facias or otherwise, as if the said creditor had not so imprisoned, or charged, or detained his or her said debtor in prison, any law, practice, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding; provided that such debtor shall not have been so charged or detained in execution for the space of six months after judgment shall have been obtained against him or her.

5

The thirty-third Year of George III. 92

XXIX. And whereas many persons are committed on attachments for not pay- A, Q,

ing money awarded to be paid under submillions or arbitration by rules of court, 1

or under submifTions or arbitration bonds, and which submifTions have been made Chap. 42. rules of court, in pursuance of an act passed in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of William the third, for determining differences by arbitration; and like-wife for not paying of costs duly and regularly taxed, atul allowed by the proper officer, after proper demands made for that purpose; and also upon writs of r.vrj///-mun'icath capiendo, or other process for, or grounded on the non-payment of costs and expences, in cases or proceedings in ecclesiastical courts j and also by virtue of civil bill decrees, it is hereby declared and enacted, That all such pet Tons are and shall be entitled to the benefit of this act; and the fame in all respects shall extend to the cases of every person so committed and imprisoned, both as to his or their persons and estates, in the same manner os to other prisoners in execution on capias ati satisfaciendum, or other process j and the judge or judges of assize are hereby empowered to discharge the person or persons so confined by virtue of civil bill decrees, upon such person or persons preferring his, her, or their petition, giving such notice, and assigning his, her, or their eftute and effects, for the benefit of creditors as herein before mentioned.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That Joshua Moreton, now a prisoner for debt in the four courts marshalsea, Hyacinth Kirwan, a confined debtor in the said prison of the four courts marshalsea; Edward Reynolds, late of Cottage, in the count) of Kildare, brewer; Maurice Keating, of the city of Dublin, and Walter Crofton, late of Kells, in the county of Meath, all prisoners in the four courts marshalsea;

Charles Brenan, otherwise Charles Edward Brcnan, formerly of the said city, and late a fugitive from this kingdom; and James Corbally, of the city of Dublin, late a prisoner in the four courts marshalsea, be, and they are hereby respectively included in, and entitled to the benefit of the provisions of this act, notwithstanding their respective debts exceed the sum specified in this act; and that Walter Harley be included in, and entitled to the benefit of the provisions of this act, notwithstanding his not having been in the actual custody of any gaoler prior to the lirli of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to Andrew Armflrong, late of the city of Dublin, attorney, and now a prisoner in the four courts marflulfea; Richard Bernard,

Uie of Lanrogth, in the county of Cork, farmer, and now a prisoner in the four courts marshalsea; William lienfon, James Ryan, the reverend Peter Moffe,

William Erie, Nicholas Troy, Robert Small, Andrew Carr, or Denis Now lan, now prisoners in the four courts marshalsea; or ro John Glass, now a prisoner in the gaol of Omagh; but that they the said Andrew Armstrong, Richard Bernard,

William Betifon, James Ryan, the reverend Peter Mofie, William Effc, Nicholas Troy, Robert Small, Andrew Carr, Denis No*.vlan, and John Glass, shall be, and they are hereby respectively excluded from the benefit of this act.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

CHAP. XLIII.

An Act to remove Doubts reffecting the Functions of Juries in cases of Libel.

Doubts whether on trial for a libel, the jury can give verdict on the whole matter;

WHE]

indi

indictment or information for the making or publishing any libel, where an issue or iflucs are joined between the King and the defendant or defendants, on the plea of not guilty pleaded, it be competent to the jury impanelled to try the fame, to give their verdict upon the whole matter in issue; be it therefore declared and enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by m feci, the authority of the same, That on every such trial, the jury sworn to try the issue, may give a general verdict of guilty or not guilty, upon the whol'e matter put in ilTiie upon such indictment

trial J iry

may give a tieiivul ver-

ch"' ami tinll or ;nform:ltioni an(j shall not be required or directed by the court

i.ot he (iircft-

i J to find d.-faiijrit on

proof of publication, &c.

Cn fitch trial?, jiitige

may give fits opinion, &c-.'ll in other criminal cufcj.

hnr may find a Ipccul verdict.

Defendants ftm.'id jpiihy, may move ;m nrreil i.* ioajmK-t.t, as *1

or judge before whom such indictment or information shall be tried, to find the defendant or defendants guilty, merely on the proof of the publication by such defendant or defendants, of the paper charged to be a libel, and of the sense aferibed to the fame in such indictment or information.

II. Provided always, That on every such trial the court or judge before whom such indictment or information shall be tried, ill all according to their or his discretion, give their or his opinion and directions to the jury on the matter in issue between the King and the defendant or defendants, in like manner as in other criminal cases.

III. Provided also, That nothing herein contained, shall extend, or he construed to extend, to prevent the jury from finding a special verdict in their discretion, as in other criminal cases.

IV. Provided also, That in case the jury shalt find the defendant or defendants guilty, it shall and may be lawful for the said defendant or defendants, to move in arrest of judgment ou such ground, and in such manner as by law he or they might have done before the passing of this act, any thing herein contained to the con-.r.try notwithstanding.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

CHAP. XLIV.

925

A.D. 1793.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the Thirty-second Year of His Majesty, Entitled, An Act for confirming the ' Powers of the Society of King' s-Inns, Dublin, and to repeal an Act, Entitled, An Act to regulate the Admission of Earnfiers at Law, as confirm the Charter of the fin'd Society.

WHEREAS by an act of parliament passed in the thirty- Recital*: second year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, sin G'3'Ci li!' act for confirming the powers of the society of King's-Inns, Dublin, and to repeal an act, entitled, An act to regulate the admission of barrijlers at law, certain letters patent therein mentioned, and the several powers and provisions thereof, are confirmed: and whereas the said letters patent, and the confirmation thereof, have been found not to answer the good purposes for which the fame were intended; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled,

and by the authority of the same, That so much of the said re- (o fauch of cited act as confirms the said letters patent, and the several powers and provisions thereof, be, and the fame is hereby repealed, and iemrs pa-" that the said society shall from the passing of this act, remain, con- pjl’di0’rC tinue, and be as if the said recited act had never been palfed, or £,’"'7 ?f

King’s inns

the said letters patent never been granted. to continue

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all persons admitted to be members or Undents of the said society, shall be deemed duly deemed to have been duly admitted from the times of their respective admissions.

CHAP. XLV.

An Act for the Trial of Treafm committed out of the King’s Dominions.

WHEREAS it is necessary to make some further provision for the trial of persons accused of treason, misprisions, and concealments of treason committed out of this realm, ,be it Vol. XVI. ii B enacted

[Preamble.]

ga6 The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the 179.3* advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority all drams of tile fame, That all manner of offences being already made and au^ufihi* declared, or hereafter to be made or declared by any of the laws i calm, amt and statutes of this realm, to be treasons, misprilions of treasons,

out of llie

King's «lo- or concealments of treasons, and done, perpetrated, or commuted, widchucor or hereafter to be done, perpetrated, or committed by any persons <!d t or Per^'ons out reahtt» and out of his Majesty's dominions, ]nif|iiifion’or shall be from henceforth enquired of, heard, and determined before the King’s justices of his bench for pleas, to be holden before

(lull be tiled himself, by good and lawful men of the lame shire, where the said

before justices '

in King'* bench shall fit and be kept j or else before such commissioners, and

or before hi such shire of the realm as shall lie assigned by the King’s Ma-

commission- jesty’s comitiiflion, and by good and lawful men of the fame shire, ers. and in.

shire appoint- in like manner and form, to all intents and purposes as if such King/a'if treasons, misprisions of treasons, or concealments of treasons had STisrc*" ^een ^one> perpetrated, or committed within the same shire where they shall be so enquired of, heard and determined, as is aforesaid.

Peers of 1L Provided always, That if any of the peers of this realm, realm tried shall happen to be indicted of any such treasons, or other offences aforesaid, by the authority of this act, that then after such in-distment, they shall have their trial by their peers, in such like manner and form as hath heretofore been accustomed.

CHAP. XLVI.

An Act to amend and explain an Act passed in the Thirty-second Year of His present Majests Reign, Entitled, An Act for improving and keeping in repair the Fojl Roads of this Kingdom.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the thirty-second year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An ailfor improving and keeping in repair the poji roads of this kingdom; several powers have been given to the grand juries of every county, county of a city or county of a town at any assizes held after the passing of the said act, for the purpose in the fail! aft mentioned: and whereas by the words of the said act, the several grand juries of ilic comity of Dublin, and county of the city of Dublin, in which

counties

The thhtj-thhd Year of George III. 927

counties assizes are not usually held, cannot exercise the several A.D. powers intended to be given by tile said receited act; be it there- 197,3-fore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this pr.efent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this act, polt-rrad the said receited act, and all and every the powers, clauses, provisoes, conditions, articles, and things therein contained, shall also 10 cor a."a

° . CO of fit) of

extend to the county of Dublin, and county of the city of Dub- Dublin: lin, and that it shall be lawful for the grand juries of the said fame {I| county of Dublin, and county of the said city of Dublin, from time to time at any of the usual presenting terms in the year, in the court of King’s Bench, to exercise the fame powers and authorities as are given to the grand juries of other counties in this kingdom, for the several purposes in the said receited act mentioned, subject to the several rules, regulations, restrictions, and qualifications to which the presentments to be made in the said several other counties are subject to, and that all films so to be presented at such presenting terms by any grand juries of the court of King’s Bench, for the said county of Dublin, and county of the said city of Dublin, shall be accounted for in like manner as is appointed by said receited act, to be observed in the other counties of this kingdom.

CHAP. XLVIL

An Act for the further regulating the Price at which Coals fall be purchased, for the Supply of the Public Coal Turds in the City of Cork, and fold out of the same.

WHEREAS by an act passed in this kingdom, in the full year of his Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to prevent the excejive price if coals in the city of Dublin, the coals to be bought in for the public coal yards, are directed to be bought in when coals are under sixteen shillings the ton: and whereas by an act passed in the fifth year of his Majesty's reign, the said act made in the said first year of his said Majesty's reign, and also an act passed in the third year of his Majesty's reign, to amend and continue the said act, were extended to the city of Cork, under

By 1 0. J. coals for pub-licit yards to be bought when under (6s. a tou:

by 5 G. 3. fditi act, and an act 3 Q. 3. were extend* «] to Cork, under exceptions

certain exceptions and provisions mentioned in the said act, passed in the fifth year of his Majesty's reign: and whereas by an act r«ftai2i II B 2 passed ‘

928 The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

793--CJiap. 47.

<si>a)s Ii;ive . uccuaihanced ijs juice:

director of

coal yards

ill Cork, with approbation of mayor and common council, may buy coals when higher than 16s. per ton.

Price of coals in pro-poition to advance;

dirc&or to mike oath that he iumght at jo well price.

passed !n this kingdom, in the twenty-first and twciitT-fecnnJ yours cf l'.is Majesty's reign, it was enacted, that during the continuance of the then exiting war, it should he lawful to'and for the directnr of the public coal yards in the city of Cork, (hiring the continuance of the then existing war, by and vrith the approbation and consent of the mayor and common council of the said city, to buy in coals for the said yards, when coals lhoukl be at a libber price than fifteen shillings the ton, with a provisoe that he should fell out the said coals at a price proportioned to the advanced price at which he had bought in the fume, and that he should make oath before the mayor oi' the said city, that he had bought in the said coals at the lowed price, at which he was able to purchase the fame: and whereas frnce the making of the said recited acts, coals have been so greatly advanced in their price, as to render the purchase of the fame, within the price limited by the act: made in the fifth year of His Majesty's reign impracticable; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the director of the public coal yards in the city of Cork, by and with the approbation and consent of the mayor and common council of the said city, to buy in coals for the said yards, when coals shall be at a higher price than sixteen drillings the ton, any thing in the said recited act of the fird year of his Majesty's reign to the contrary thereof, in any wise notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said director shall fell out the said coals, at a price proportioned to the advanced price at which he has bought in the fame; provided further, that the director of the said coal yards shall make oath before the mayor of the city of Cork for the time being, which oath the said mayor is hereby empowered and required to administer, that lie has bought in the said coals at the lowed price for which he was able to purchase the same.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

929 A.D. 1793.

CHAP. XLVIII.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the last Sefjioti of Parliament, Entitled, An Act to explain the Truss for which certain Rectories Impropriate, and Tithes forfeited by Reason of the Rebellion in this Kingdom, in the Year One thousand six hundred and eighty-eight, were conveyed to certain Trustees nominated by the several liishops in whose Dioceses fticlt Rectories Impropriate and Tithes are situated.

WHEREAS by the said act of the Iaft session of this pre- Recital 31 sent parliament, it is declared and enacted, that the several G'3' c’ reftories impropriate, with the tithes, oblations, obventions, glebes, advotvfons of vicarages, and all things thereunto severally and respectively belonging or appertaining, directed and appointed by the instrument in the said act mentioned, of the nineteenth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and two, to be annexed, and by the said instrument annexed to the several reftories and vicarages therein mentioned, be deemed and taken to have been immediately from and after the expiration of twenty years, in the said act mentioned appendant, and shall for ever continue to be appendant to the several reftories and vicarages to which the fame were respectively so annexed, and to tire advowlons thereof respectively, and that all rights, title, life, and trull, which became veiled in William Ncave, Marmaduke Coghill, Morley Saunders,

Samuel Dopping, John Ulher, Stephen Ludlow, all in the said act named, and the survivors and survivor of them, and their or any of their heirs, shall be deemed and taken to have ceal'ed and determined, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, immediately from and after the expiration of the said twenty years: provided always, and it is thereby declared and enacted, That nothing in the said act contained, shall act’eft the right or title to the advowsons or prefeiltations of, or to the several reftories or vicarages, or any of them to which the said impropriate tithes, or any of them are by the said instrument annexed, lave and except such right, title, or claim as by virtue of the trail reposed as aforesaid in the said William Ncave, Marmaduke Coghill, Morley Saunders, Samuel Dopping, John Ulher, and Stephen Ludlow, is, or may be claimed by their, or any of their heirs, which said trust, and all right and title thereunder, arc thereby declared to be latiuicd and determined,

the usual 'proviso. that faiil aft

should nut

affect Hiits

(lepididtiijj,

- was not in* -xc.

although a -full was in-Iliiiin-U liy sir John Cog* hill, fix the

right of ;id-vimTon of the

VlC.ltflJJCS III

lviicjnd, Klilaia*. and

Folium:

said act shall ’n»t affect find :Miit tn any 'manner.

a pnBiick *aft.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

but the right of all persons whatsoever, slave as aforesaiil,) to the advowsons and presentations of, and to all and ever)' the said several redories and vicarages, shall be, and remain to all intents and purposes, in the like state and condition, as if tile said act had-never been made, any thing in the said act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding: and whereas there is not inserted in the said act, according to the usage of parliament in similar cases, a provisoe or faring, that it shall not ailed any fiiit at the time of the passing the said act, depending in any or his Majesty's courts of law or equity, relative to the advowsons ami presentations of, or to any of the said several reftories and vicarages, or the right, title, estate, or interest of any person or persons whatsoever, who previous to the passing of the said act, had in-flitnted or commenced any suit or suits, although a suit in quart imptdit, relative to the right of advowson of the vicarages of Kii-ctmcl, Killane, and Fohena, in the diocel’e of Clonferr, and county of Galway, lieing three of the vicarages objects of the said act, had previous to the passing of the said act, been instituted in his Majesty's court of Common Pleas in Ireland, by sir John Cogbill, baronet, against the right reverend Richard lord bishop of Clonfert, and the reverend James Langrilhe, clerk, now dean of Achonry, and such suit actually depended, and was in prosecution at the time of passing the said act, and still depends in the said court; wherefore in order to supply the said omission in the said act, be it declared and enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same; and it is hereby declared and enacted, That the said recited act, or any thing therein contained, shall not ailed or prejudice, or he deemed, or taken to affed or prejudice the said suit in quart impedit, relative to the advowson and prefen-tation of the said vicarages, or be allowed as evidence in the said suit, or in respect to the said suit to affed or prejudice the right, title, estate, or interest of the plaintiff in the said suit, but that in respect of the said suit, and no further, the plaintiff in the said suit, and his heirs shall have all Inch estate, right, title, and filtered in and to the said advowson of the said three vicarages, and every of them, as lie had or might have had if the said recited act had never been made, any thing in the said recited act to the contrary thereof in any' wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it enacted by authority aforesaid, That this act be deemed and taken to be a public act.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

CHAP. XLIX.

An Act for re-i-efrng in His Majesty the R. fates forfeited in One thousand fx hundred and eighty-eight, yet remaining unfold.

WHEREAS by ail act passed in the parliament of England, Rrotd11 in the eleventh and twelfth years of King William the rcta;*.- to* third, entitled, An act for granting an aid to his Majesty, by salt of the t'iie/dlaici, forfeited and other cfatcs and interests in Ireland, and by a land tax &c-in England, for thefeveralpurposes therein mentioned; it was enacted, that all the honours, manors, lands, possessions, and hereditaments, within the realm of Ireland, whereof any person or persons who Rood convicted or attainted of treason fmeethe thirteenth day of February, one thousand six hundred and eighty-eight, or who should be convicted of treason before the last day of trinity term, one thousand seven hundred and one, or who Hood convicted of treason by reason of being found by inquisition to have died, or been Plain in actual rebellion since the said thirteenth day of February, one thousand six hundred and eighty-eight, was or were seized, or possess'ed, or interested in, or entitled to on the thirteenth day of February, one thousand six hundred and eighty-eight, or at any time since, in their own right or to their own use, or whereof any other person or persons was or were seized, or possessed, or interested in, to the use of, or in trull: for them, or any of them, on the thirteenth day of February, one thousand six hundred and eighty-eight, or at any time since, or whereof the late King James the second, or any in trull for him, or to his use, was seized, or possessed, or interested in at the time of his accession to the crown of England, should be veiled in certain trustees in the said act named, their heirs, executors, administrators and alligns, upon trull, and to the end that the fame might be fold and disposed of, to and for such tiles as are expressed and declared by the said act: and whereas the said trustees did pursuant to the said act, sell and dispose of a very conhdeiable part of the ellatcs and polieftions wry toit'.do thereby in them veiled, and some part thereof then remaining tm- dta'c^sc" fold, by an act passed in the parliament of England, in the second . ^ session of parliament holden in the first year of the reign of Queen for Hiranung Anne, entitled, An act for advancing thefale of the forfeited efales in Ireland, and for vef.ing such as remain infold by the present trnf tecs in her Majesty, her heirs andfueceffn s, for fuels uses as tht fame

93 f A.D. 1793.

It C 2

were

cftates, &c. not dispose*! of before 24 June 1703, veiled in Q»ecu

by 21 (el 2 G. 3. Eng. Statutes for settling forfeited estates, are to bf executed here;

by Biit. Stat. 33 G. 3. for-feiiid tilates in fre’anrt were veiled in Hi’s Majesty, at dlf-poiiuon of Infii parliament

af) honours, manors lands Ac. veiled is afn^t said, and nndisposed of, veiled 111 his Maji lly, ami lifchaiged from difpnfi-lion of parliament.

Not to ex* send to leak's thereof lawfully made.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

were before vejled in the said trustees, and for the more effectually felling and settling the said efates to prot eft ants, and for explainingfeveral acts relating to the lord Bophin, andfir Redmond Everard; it was enacted, That such and so many of the said estates and possessions vested in the said trustees, as should not be sold by them before the four and twentieth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and three, should be vetted in her Majesty, her heirs and successors, for the uses and purposes intended by the former act, and subject to such orders and appointments as should be given by authority of the parliament of England in that behalf: and whereas by an act passed in the parliament of Ireland, in the twenty-first and twenty-second years of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for extending certain provisions contained in an act, entitled, An act for confirming all the fatutes made in England; it is enacted, That all statutes theretofore made in England or Great Britain, for the settling and -alluring the forfeited estates in Ireland, shall be accepted here, and executed in Ireland, according to the present tenor thereof respectively: and whereas by an act passed in the parliament of Great Britain, in the thirty-third year of his present Majesty, entitled, an act for vesting in his Majesty, certain forfeited estates in Ireland; subject to the disposition of the parliament of Ireland, such parts of the said estates as still remain undisposed of, are veiled in his Majesty, his heirs and successors, subject to such orders, appointment, and disposition, as shall be given or made respecting the fame, by the parliament of Ireland: and whereas it is expedient that the said estates shall be veiled in his Majesty, his heirs and successors, as the fame were vested in the crown before - the patting any of the said acts; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all honours, manors, lands, tenements, rents, reversions, remainders, l'crviccs, possessions, hereditaments, estates, and interests of what nature or kind soever within the kingdom of Ireland, which (land so veiled as aforesaid in his Majesty, and remain so as aforesaid, unfold and undisposed of, shall and the same are hereby declared to be veiled in his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to his and their own use, discharg-cd from the orders, appointment, and disposition of the parliament of this kingdom.

II. Provided always, That nothing herein contained, (halt extend or be conllrued to extend to defeat or avoid any lease of the said lands, or any part thereof heretofore lawfully made.

The thirty-third Year of George III. 933

A.D. 1793.

CHAP. L.

An Act for the Encouragement of the Pi/hcries in this Kingdom, and for continuing certain ABs refgeBing the same.

WHEREAS the several acts for the preservation of fish in ri- Former ach vers, lakes, and inland waters, have proved inefficient, by ,n[f®cielU ’ reason of persons lifting at the mouths of rivers at improper fca-fons; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this act, it not lawful to shall not be lawful for any person or persons whomsoever, to take, fa|m0nptale, kill, or destroy any salmon, salmon-peale, or salmon-fry, in the ^Tj sea, at the mouth of rivers, or within one mile of the mouth of any of the mouth river, during such seasons or times as the taking of salmon in such rca, at times river, is by any law now of force forbidden; and if any person or persons shall take, kill, or destroy any salmon, salmon-peale,-or is forbidden, salmon-fry, contrary to this act, every person so offending, shall, penalty jl: for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five pounds.

II. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any per- Nat lawful son or persons to fish with a rod of otherwise, iff any several Efliety.wiU^ fishery without the license of the proprietor or farmer thereof, any r.

statute heretofore made to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any one Justices t» or more justice or justices of the peace, residing in the county where !'Cm^Eralit the person or persons liable to any of the fines or forfeitures before "wianis,&c-mentioned, shall live or relide, shall be bound to hear and determine any complaint made in virtue of this act, upon the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses; and, upon hearing the fame, if there shall appear sufficient proof of the offence having been committed, to grant a warrantor warrants, tinder his or their hand, or hands and seal or seals, to levy by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the person or persons so offending or incurring such forfeiture, all such sum and sums as aforesaid, returning the overplus, if any; and in case such distress or distresses if dliinfs not shall fall short of the Turn or sums so intended to be levied, that such cim-" justice or justices shall, by such warrant or warrants as aforesaid. miIU;d f"r

r , rr , r ' anytime Timm

commit such offender to the gaol of the county where such offence9days to 3 shall he committed, there to remain without bail or mainprize for n'cc,ll£' Vol. XVI. 11 D such

'934 The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D. 1793.

Inland fish* cry aft, 17 & 18 Geo. 3.

and a/ioiher, 23 & 24 Geo. 3. about.to expire:

ifatd acts made perpetual.

such time as such justice shall direct, by his committal to be written for that purpose, not less than nine days, nor more than three calendar months, according to the discretion of such justice or j 11 dices.

IV. And whereas an.aft' passed in the seventeenth and eighteenth years of :his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for the heller preservalion ofjish, in rivers, lattes, ami inland waters; and also another act passed in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for the proteBiou and, improvement of the inlandfifseries of this kingdom, are about to expire: and w/hereas the said acts contain several good provisions for the purposes for which they were enacted; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said acts shall be, and are hereby made perpetual, any thing in said recited acts, or in any other act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CHAP. LI.

An Act to remove feme Doubts respeEling Persons in Office taking the Sacramental Tejl.

'Recital 19

WHEREAS by an act passed in this Kingdom, in the nino-*G'3' W teenth and twentieth years of his present Majesty's reign,

entitled, An act for the relief of his Majestys faithfulsubjects, the protestant disfcnters of this kingdom, and to repeal a dause in the act of the second of Queen Anne, entitled, An act to prevent the further growth of popery, as far as the fame relates to the protestant dif-Jt is thereby fenters, it is enacted, That all and every person or persons being proteit.nts protestants, shall and may have, hold, and enjoy any office or off,ces> civil or military, and receive any pay, salary, fee, or wages J»>! «- f belonging to, or by reason of such office or place notwithstanding, crament: he shall not receive, or have received the' sacrament of the Lord’s

Supper, as in a clause in the said act of the second of Queen Anne, which is recited in the said act of the nineteenth and twentieth years of his said Majesty, is prescribed without incurring any of the penalties in the said act of the second of Queen Anne, or any other act, for, or in respect of his not receiving the fame: and whereas a doubt hath arisen upon the construction of the said act; Mil aft not to he jt therefore declared and enacted by the King’s most excellent

-extend to pro* , t v -w

tclUnts of the Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual uX bu'/to"' and temporal, and commons in this present parliament aflem'oled, dKTcoters. ancj by the authority of the same, That the said act of the nineteenth and

The thirty-third Year of George III. 935

and twentieth years of his present Majesty, did not, and doth not A.D. extend, and shall not be deemed, taken, and construed to have 1793* extended to protestants of the church of Ireland, as by law established, but to protestant dissenters only.

II. And be it enacted, That no protestant of the church of Ire- PwtctUnu land, as by law establ'rihed, shall be liable to, or be sued for, or Mtndnof on account of any forfeiture or penalty, or be subject to any dif- [ner‘ ability or incapacity heretofore incurred, by not receiving the fa- hcretofoc in-crament of the Lord’s Tapper, or filing a certificate thereof, within tccciB the time prescribed by the said act, passed in the second year of the

reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, entitled, An act to prevent the further growth of popery.

III. And be it further declared and enacted by the authority All official aforesaid, That all and every the act and acts done by such person ,0be

and persons-since the passing of the said act of the nineteenth and twentieth years of his present Majesty, or which shall hereafter be done by them, or any of them, in execution of, or by reason of his, her, or their office or offices, place or places, employment or employments civil or military, have been, and shall be good, effectual, and valid in the Jaw., as if all and every such person and persons had received the said sacrament, and delivered such certificate thereof, at such time and place, and in such manner as in the said act of the second of Queen Anne is mentioned, any thing in the said last mentioned act, or in any other act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CHAP. LII.

An Act for the Advancement of Trade and Manufactures, by granting the Sums therein mentioned, for the Support of Commercial Credit.

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the com- Preamble, mons of Ireland, in parliament assembled, having taken into consideration the injury sustained by the trade and manufactures of this kingdom, by the late great diminution of public credit, and the well timed interposition of his excellency the lord lieutenant of tins kingdom, to support public credit, resolved on the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, that such interposition was necessary, and had proved highly beneficial, and also resolved, that whatever sum or sums had been, or might be issued by the bank of Ireland, to the persons herein after named,

1 r D 2 not

persons nonii-tiated by lord ’li'fiut. to rc-ctlvt applications, &c.

bank of: Ireland agreed to advance ;sco,ooool. for relief of personsin trade;

film* lent to various period, secured by bonds, at 6 per Cent. .'&c.audgood9,

J. Patrick,

£. Byrne,

I Chambers, £. Forbes,

V. O’Connors F. Geale,

J. Bull,

A. C. Hawk-cfly, and J. Jaifray, ap.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

not exceeding two hundred thousand pounds, should be made good by this house, together with an interest from the date at which such sums had been, or might he issued respectively: and whereas iiis excellency the lord lieutenant of this kingdom, had for the support of public credit, nominated John Patrick, Edward Byrne, John Chambers, Edward Forbes, Valentine O'Connor, Frederick Geale, John Ball, Archibald Campbell Hawkefly, and John Jaff-ray, esquires, to receive applications from, and look into the fccu-fities of such persons in trade, possessed of funds ultimately more than sufficient to answer all demands on them, who had not means of converting such funds into money, or negociable securities, and were thereby incapacitated to carry on their businesses; and the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, agreed to advance to the said John Patrick, Edward Byrne, John Chambers, Edward Forbes, Valentine 0‘Cohnor, Frederick Geale, John Ball, Archibald Campbell Flawke/ly, and John Jaflray, esquires, such sums, not exceeding in the whole, the sum of two hundred thousand pounds, as might enable them to give relief to such persons in trade as aforesaid, and accordingly advanced to them several sums; and they, or the majority of them, have lent such sums to various persons, who have secured the re-payment thereof by bonds, payable to the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, at certain limes, with interest at the rate of six pounds per centum per annum, With warrants of attorney to confess judgments thereon, and have pawned or deposited goods, wares and merchandizes, with the said John Patrick, Edward Byrne, John Chambers, Edward Forbes, Valentine O'Connor, Frederick Geale, John Ball, Archibald Campbell Hawkefly, and John Jaflray, which by instruments in writing, executed by the persons to whom such monies have been lent, are to be sold for payment arid satisfaction of the.monies lent, with the interest thereof, as aforesaid, in case default shall be made in the payment thereof, at the times therein mentioned^ and for all colls and charges attending such sale; therefore we, the commons of Ireland, in parliament assembled, do pray your Majesty that it be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said John. Patrick, Edward Byrne, John Chambers, Edward Forbes, Valentine O'Connor, Frederick Geale, John Ball, Archibald Campbell Hawkefly, and John Jaflray, be and are hereby constituted commissioners for advancing and lending to any merchants, traders and manufacturers, resident in this kingdom, upon the deposits and securities, and un-3 der

The thirty-third Year of George III. 937

derthe terms and conditions, and subject to the regulations of this A.D. ad, such monies as iliall be advanced to them, by the governor and 1793* directors of the bank of Ireland, not exceeding the film of two 53,

hundred thousand pounds, and such treasury bills as under the pro- pamtc. 1 com. visions of this act, may be issued for any further film for the purposes aforesaid, and the said commimoners are hereby respectively required to execute the powers and authorities given to them by this act, without any fee, reward, emolument, or gratuity whatever.

II. And be it enacted, That all acts done by the said commis- Afl< of sioners, or the majority of them, before the passing of this act, and tcLe

all securities taken for such films as have been lent by them for the d"SMt,val"1«

*:c.

purposes aforesaid, shall be good and valid in the law, and where any goods, wares or merchandizes, have been deposited with the said commissioners, as a fectirity for any sum or sums of money lent thereon, all such iums shall be repaid at the respective times appointed for the payment thereof, in any indrument executed by the person or persons who borrowed such money: or in default thereof, such goods, wares or merchandizes, shall and may be fold wpaM.M in manner for that purpose specified in such indrument. id. '1’1°

III. And be it enacted, That any two of the said commissioners 2 Commis. in this act named, shall forthwith, after the passing of this act, take

an oath before the chancellor or one of the barons of the exchequer, omIi. t*sure

1 ' the chancel-

which they or any of them are, and is hereby authorized and re- lor, or a inquired to administer, the tenor whereof shall be as follows j that nra‘

Is to say,

I A.B. Jo /wear, that according to the left of my judgment, Oatk I will faithfully and impartially execute the everal powers and trlifts vested in me, by an act, entitled, /In act for the advancement of trade and manufactures, by granting the sums therein mentioned for the support of commercial credit, according to the tenor and purport of the said act

And every other of the said commissioners in this act named, shall likewise take the fame oath, before the said two commissioners, who. are hereby authorized and required to administer the same, after they shall themselves have taken the said oath as aforesaid,

:IVt And be it enacted, That the said commissioners appointed by-.this' act, shall have power to meet and fit, from time to time, in such place or places as they shall find most convenient, with or without adjournment, to proceed in the execution of this act, and they,'Or the majority of them, shall and may appoint and employ Aforl.i'XVI. >i£ a secretary,

Game oath he taken by the other commiiTnm-ers, before the 2 sworn.

Commifli-oiiers may meet, &c. ami appoint a fee. clerk*,

miflcngcts*

&c.

93s

A.D. 1793.'Chap. 52.

3m) may employ a solicitor, A'C.

*and may ad->mm>ller an oath to all ditch-;

-and-maydif*

rnifs them, ^and appoint others;

ifulicitor. ‘&c. tic. not to take rewards, Jwt from cumm.ffion-ert.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

a secretary, and so many clerks, brokers, messengers, and officers, as they shall think meot, and allow to such secretary, clerks, 'brokers, messengers, and officers, with the coirfent and approbation of the lord lieutenant of this kingdom for the time being, such reasonable salaries -or rewards, as the said commissioners appointed by this act shall think meet.; and shall and may also employ a folici-for, and allow to such solicitor such salary or rcwaTd as the said commissioners shall-think reasonable, for his care and -labour; anil shall and may give and administer to such solicitor, secretary, clerks, brokers,-and officers respect’tvely, an oath for their‘faithful demeanour in all things relating to the due performance -of the trulls reposed in them by the said commissioners, and in all other things touching the premiles.; and from time to time, at their discretion, dismiss and’discharge such folioitor, secretary, clerks, brokers, messengers, and other officers, and appoint others in their place; and such solicitor, secretary, clerks, brokers and officers, are hereby required faithfully :to execute and perform the said trulls ia them severally and respectively reposed, without taking any reward or gratuity -whatsoever for such service, other than such salaries or reward as the said commissioners shall direct and appoint in manner aforesaid.

Gommini-

V. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and amimrupon* for the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, and they iM-ion sml" are hereby authorized and empowered to examine upon Oath, or itc-ive aifda- on affirmation, -if the person to -be examined be a ‘tjuakef, which vufi, depoS oat|, oraffirmation they, or anyone or more :of them, are and is 'hereby authorized to administer to all persons who shall be willing to be examined, touching.all such matters and things as shall be necessary for the execution of the powers vested in the said commissioners by this act, and also to receive any affidavits or depositions in writing upon oath oraffirmation, touching such matters or things as aforesaid, which shall be made before any justice of the peace of any county, or any magistrate of any city, borough, or town corporate in this kingdom, where ernear to which the persons making such affidavit or deposition shall reside, and certified and transmitted to the said commissioners appointed by this act, under fne hand and seal of such justice or magistrate, which oath or affirmation every such justice or magistrate shall be, and is hereby authorized and empowered to administer; provided that in every such affidavit or deposition, there shall b expressed the addition of the party making such affidavit or deposition, and the particular place of his or her abode.

VI. Provided always, That all such oaths to be taken by any 10 be taken perfoa refulent in the cities of Cork, Waterford, Limerick, and

’tiotit, &c. transniitted to them as therein.

The thirty-third Year of George III. 939

Londonderry, or in the towns of Galway, Belfast, Drogheda, and A.D. Wexford, shall be taken before, anti certified by foine magiilrale 1793-named and approved for the purpose by the said commissioners, or Sf

the majority of them. maturate,

VII. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons upon ex- ijy’c.Vmmish-amination -upon oath or affirmation before the said commissioners '"as' respectively, or-if any person or persons making any such affidavit Perforu or deposition as before mentioned, shall wilfully or corruptly give ^vnmins or false evidence, or shall in such affidavit or deposition, wilfully and corruptly swear, affirm, -or allege any matter or thing, which shall perjury.

be false or untrue, every such person or persons so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to such pains and penalties, as by any law mow in being persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are subject and liable to.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the proper officers of his Majes- TWury ty’s treasury, shall at the desire of the lord lieutenant of this king- m jk'e dom for the time being, make out treasury bills for any sum -or ° sums, not exceeding in the whole the firm of two hundred thou- to bank of land pounds, payable to the governor and company of the bank of alCc Uplf*' Ireland, on the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, with interest commencing from the day

of the date of each bill, at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum.

IX. And for the future Aippcrt of credit, be it enacted, That in Atdcfire of case the lord lieutenant of this kingdom for the time being, shall ,"afurJ? bilb deem it expedient to issue treasury bills for any further sum, for the assistance of such traders as aforesaid, the proper officers of his more, may hr Majesty's treasury shall, at the desire of the lord lieutenant of this ;nte,eii at kingdom for the time being, make out treasury bills for any sum,

not exceeding in the whole the further sum of three hundred thousand pounds, such bills entitling the bearer to the amount of the films to be respectively specified therein, with interest for the fame, at the rate of two pence halfpenny per day, for every one hundred pounds thereof, and declaring the amount to be payable, or pass current at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, at the respective times therein to he mentioned, that is to say; one-fourth part of i-4ti, Psyat,!= such bills shall be made payable on the twenty-fifth day of Decern- 25 D:c'ncxI ’ her, now next ensuing; one other fourth part thereof on thetwen-ty-fii'th day of March, then next enluin-g; one other fourth part next, thereof on the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four j and the residue thereof on the twenty-ninth and residue day of September, then next ensuing j and the principal sum con- °1"c’9nc^' 11 E 3 tained

'949 The thirty-third Year of George TIL

A.' D. tained in every such bill, together with such interest as aforesaid, to 1793- be computed from the day of the date thereof, until the time ap-P°*nt£d by this act for the payment thereof, shall be paid off and principal ami discharged, at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, upon the -.paldst trea-' days and times respectively appointed for the payment thereof. fur$% on tlays x. And be it enacted, That the said commissioners-or majority

appointed. ‘ , t ( f

of them shall receive or appoint a proper person for receiving all

ontrsToTc-1" such applications in writing as shall be made to them from any

ceive, or ap- merchants, traders, and manufacturers in this kingdom, for the point a per- 1 1

son tcYreceive loan or advance of such parts of the said sum of two hundred thou-

so^mConcynon sand pounds as they may require, or for the loan or advance of

treasury bills; money by treasury bills, which under the provisions of this act.

may be issued for the said further sum of three hundred thousand

and to afeer- pounds, and shall proceed with all convenient dispatchto ascertain

pauK.'fmn^ t^lc amouni: of the sums which in their judgments will be imme-

rrqoilite to diateiy requisite to be advanced under this act, and shall forthwith be advanced, ,_1

mid certify as certify to the lord lieutenant of this kingdom for the time being, lord'lieut! fiy one or more certificate or certificates, under the hands and ieals of the said commissioners or the majority of them, an account of the several sums theretofore advanced by the governor and company. of the hank of Ireland, and such further sum or sums as shall he advanced by them, on the account of the said- sum of two hundred thousand pounds for the purposes of this act, and the times that such sums were or shall have been respectively advanced, and upon receipt of such certificate or certificates, it shall and may be lawful for the lord lieutenant of this kingdom for the time being, to direct the proper officers of his Majesty's treasury, to deliver to the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, exchequer bills to the amount specified in such certificate or certificates, not exceeding the said Ann of two hundred thousand pounds, and such treasury bills shall bear'dace on the respective days on which the sums therein mentioned were or shall be advanced by the said governor commissioners and company of the bank of Ireland, to the said commissioners, and ^muh'of shall also ascertain the amount, the sums in treasury bills, part of

lo-il lletit. my order exchequer bills to be delivered io bank of Ireland, for amount certified, not exceeding zoo.ccoi.

how mu.l

fauij<»,cs3i- (]le faj(i sum of three hundred thousand pounds, which in their

will be requt- ‘ c

fife, and certify to lord lieut.

lord lieu* may older treasury bill#' to be iiliicd to amount specified, if not more than

judgment will be immediately requisite to be advanced in pursuance of applications then delivered, and shall forthwith certify such amount to the lord lieutenant of this kingdom for the time being, by one or more certificate or certificates, under the hands and Teals of the said commissioners, or the majority of them; and oh receipt of luclt certificate or certificates, it shall and may be lawful for the lord lieutenant of this kingdom for the time being, to direct the proper officers of his Majesty's treasury, to deliver out in manner i and

The thirty-third Year of George III. 941

and muier the regulations herein after mentioned, treasury bills in A.D. equal proportions as nearly as may be of bills parable at the tlif- 1793* rerent periods specified in this act, to the amount ij ccif.ed in such eertilicate or certificaises, in case the fame ilia! not exceed the va- i ph of fnid iue of-one-fourth part of the treasury bills for the said sum of three CK.

hundred thousand pounds, to be ifilled in pursuance of this act, J 4'^ ami in'case the amount specified therein as aforesaid, shall exceed much as inch fourth part, then to such amount as the said lord lieutenant of wfe this kingdom far the time being, shall on a statement of the causes to them cr him to be made by the faiil commissioners appointed by this act, deem expedient and shall direct.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said comihiiTioners an- 'irrfaij*

*io he i-lalTcd

pointed-by this act, shall, and they are hereby required before any JS h-uin, tie-apportionment of such treasury bills shall be made, to cause all the f

applications then delivered'to lie eluded according to the amount of the sums respectively applied for, and the nature of the securities tendered,--and the circmtistances, fttuation, and connections of the parties applying, as far as The fame shall -appear lupon.'ihc said applications, and Thereupon to draw upland establ-iih such.general rule? to lie

1 . , b . cttalilill fit by

rules and regulations for their own government, m.rlie apportion- comm.diun. ing and distributing the sums to be advanced and lent in treasury tM'bjPug'&c. bills undeT this act, to the several persons applying for the same as-they in their discretion shall deem equitable and ju'ft, all which rules i« lie rules and regulations shall within a convenient time be entered in a i,^, :mj book or books to be prepared and kept by such eommrfTioners for that purpose, and the said commissioners appointed by. this act, ac- cunfuicr up-cording to the true purport and meaning-of such general rules and Srac'f"? regulations as aforesaid, shall proceed to take into their consideration all such applications \\ hich shall specify the particulars of the sums required to he advanced as aforesaid, not being in any case left than the sum of five hundred pounds, and which shall tender any security which the said commissioners arc authorized by this eel to take for thcpavment of the sums to be advanced, and which shall also specify the nature and -amount thereof, and from time to time on enquiry into the fame respectively, shall determine what persons shall in their judgment be entitled to any part of the treasury bills to be advanced or lent under this act, and to what amount, and shall alcertai-n - the nature and amount of the securities to be required from them for the fame respectively, and that all such treasury bills trofu-j t il'.-, shall be distributed in such proportions, according to the respective sums and periods of payment expressed therein, that the rc-payment t!i" i'./’ji a, thereof to be made cn each loan shall be made as nearly as may be t.y by equal mitallments.

<942 The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the i'aid commissioners ap-1793- pointed by this act, shall deliver to all pencils to whom any of Chap. 52. tjle fa|j treasury bills shall, with the approbation of the lord lieu-Commifli tenant as aforesaid, be appointed by the said commissioners, a certificate or certificates under the hands and Teals of two or more of jliccifying as such commissioners, specifying the amount of the ("urns to be ad-cd. fcaicdT vanced and lent, to be respectively numbered and marked in the c!h ITbi de- oourse and-order in which the l'arrie shall be delivered, which ccr-jxifitca in tificate or certificates being depefited with the proper officer or of-which rtiall fleers of his Majesty's treasury, shall be a sufficient authority with-authethy I' out other warrant to such officer or oflicers, to deliver such treasury bills to the like amount and value as shall be described in and by such certificate or certificates of such commissioners; provided that the total amount to be issued by virtue of such certificates shall not at any one time exceed the amount of treasury bills directed to be issued by the.lord lieutenant-of this kingdom, as herein mentioned, treasury kills and every such treasury bill shall bear date on the day on which from day^ the fame shall be issued, and the said commissioners appointed by this act shall have power and authority from time to time to receive and alter such rules and regulations as aforesaid as they shall majority of fee occasion, but that no such revision or alteration shall be valid as may alter unless agreed to by the majority of the said commissioners con-Ilap’not!:"3 vened upon three days notice for that purpose.

CommifTi-

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners or °ohrt daylVor ^le major‘ty of them shall fix and appoint proper and convenient cunfidering days for taking into consideration such applications as shall from time to time be made to them, not being in any case for less than than 500l.) the sum of flve hundred pounds as aforesaid, and shall ascertain the

and ascertain ’

and certify amount of such treasury bills, as shall be required to be from time trrafiny bills to time issued for the purposes of this act, and by such like certifi-to lord irut. cate or certificates as aforesaid, certify the same to the lord lieute-

who may or- 7

ilcr more, &c. nant of this kingdom, who shall and may on receipt thereof, direct that further treasury bills be issued to such amount from time to time as the exigency of the case shall in their judgment require, to he issued in equal proportions as nearly as may be of bills payable at such of the different periods specified in this act, as shall be subsequent to the time when such issues shall be to be made respectively, until the whole of the bills authorized by this act to be issued, shall commissioners have been issued for the purposes aforesaid, and the said commis-jshaci"' sioners by this act appointed, shall from time to time proceed to time '"1'e l° *leterm*ne to what amount such treasury bills shall be advanced, and to the persons respectively applying for the fame under this act, and grant certificates thereof to the proper officer or officers at the said 3 receipt

The thirty-third Year of George III.

receipt of the exchequer, in such form and under the like rules and regulations as are herein before mentioned, concerning the treafliry bills to be first issued as aforesaid, and such officers fcall from time to time deliver such treasury bills in the form and in the manner before directed.

943

A.D. 1793. Chap. 52.

officers to issue treasury bilk.

XIV. And be it enacted, That such officers by whom such trea- OGcert «lio

jjlijc treasury

fury bills shall be delivered, shall from time to time upon the re- bnu, shall quisition of the said commissioners hereby appointed, deliver to them at their office, complete lifts of all the treasury bills on ac- llc,cin, wfcn count of the said sum of three hundred thousand pounds, made out commission-by them, specifying therein the respective dates and Aims expressed therein, and the periods appointed for the payment of the fame, and distinguishing therein the persons to whom, and the number of the certificates by virtue whereof the fame were issued respective] y.

XV. And be it enacted, That every person to whom any such l’erfomto

monies or treasury bills shall be advanced or lent, shall previously uYncafmy^ enter into such security in such sum or sums of money, and with such sureties or such deposits of goods as the case may require, and 111311 Pr"'-the said commissioners or the majority of them shall deem necefla- into security, ry, which l'ecurities the said commissioners or the majority of them &c-

shall by their discretion have full power and authority to cause to be taken as herein after is mentioned, and from and after the paf- framtks «n. sing of this act, that every security to be taken in pursuance of this fta'ii |"c pay. aft, as well of the principal party as of such sureties respectively, ^gt0,he shall be by writing obligatory to our sovereign lord the King, in such sum or sums of money as shall be directed by such commissioners or the majority of them by virtue of this act, to be paid to our said lord the King, by such form of words, as obligations to the King’s Majesty have been used to be made, and with such conditions to be thereunder written, as by such commissioners shall be deemed proper, and that all such obligations to be so made, shall be good and effectual in the law, and shall he of the fame quality, force, and effect to all intents and purposes, as any obligation made to our sovereign lord the now King, or his predecessors, or any of them, hath at any time heretofore been or now is adjudged, received, or taken to be, any law, usage, or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it enacted, That all securities which shall be cn- SnwMn tered into by the person or persons to whom and to whose account hjYthYfutm' any such money or treasury bills shall be advanced, shall be made adranced; in such sum not less than double the amount of the principal sums

lent or contained in such treasury bills, as the said commissioners 11 F. 2 or

tu,t iir.-u!

fUllll-ht of comniifiioii-<7S or vnki of conn f

TVrfons rlaimioj- any inicu !l in f ii’l* goads

TA.'X J|T‘> *0 OOilM ft l\X-c’liajttiT, wli j make ;n O'tlcr aecaui-ii.y'y.

The shirty-lhird Year of George III. rr the majority of them shall in their discretion dircd; and tint in every fitch case, if the party or parties shall enter into such security without any surety or sureties, then fitch party or parlies shall over and above fuel) fectirky -deposite, or cattle to he deposited in the culfocly of the said commissioners, or of such persons as they shall appoint by writing under the hands of the faitl commissioners, or any two or more of them, wares or merchandizes of the proper; goods of fuel) party or parties, or in his or their poliiflion and dif-pofttion; md wherein he and they shall have a specific interest to a certain amount, on which it shall be proved to the satisfaction of fitch commissioners the duties of ctistoms and excise payable upon the fame, in case any such duties shall by law he payable upon such goods, had been duly satisfied, and which shall be proved'to the satisfaction of the faitl commissioners, or ' such p.erson or persons as they shall appoint, to hear a proportion not lei’s than is 'herein after mentioned, to the value of the principal finnsToto he advanced, and which wares or merchandizes (hall'lie delivered to the faitl commiiTtonets, or to such persons as liicy shall appoint as aforesaid, at such place or places as the 'faitl commissioners or the majority of (Item shall appoint, and shall he secured and kept in proper warehouses at 'fitch places'respective-ly, to he approved of by the said commissioners, cr the majority of them, under Inch regulations as the said commissioners or the majority of them shall prescribe, and such wares and merchandizes as have been or shall 1 be so deposited, shall not be liable to he attached or seized, or removed, or taken from or out of thecuflody of the said commissioners, hv any process either in law'or-equity, dr by or under any coninjiflion of bankruptcy not actually issued at the time when such licpofite 'shall be made, unless the monies lent, and the principal sums contained in such treasury bills as shall he advanced or lent on the 'security of the said wares or merchandizes, together'with such interest as *shall he directed to be paid by this act, 'Mil be 'fiift paid or satisfied at the times or in the manner "herein after'mentioned, or without having obtained the previous consent of the said commissioners, or the majority of them, uutder their hands for such attachment or seizure, or for the removal of the fame, according to the directions of this act, cr by the order of the court of exchequer, as herein after is mentioned.

XVII. And be it enacted, That if any queliion shall arise respeif.ing the property of any wares or merchandizes which shall be deposited as aforesaid, or any interest therein, or the

money arising by faic thereof, or any part thereof, any pc-rson or persons claiming such wares or merchandizes or any interest

The ihlvU-ihird 2"car George III. 945

intcrcfl: (herein, cr the produce {hereof, or r.ny pert thereof, A.D. shall and nine arply in a furr.r.mrv vr.y by motion or other- *79.>-

' - ' ' v.Jl«ip« C2«

wife touching the fame, to the said court of exchequer as

the case may require, who flint; proceed to enquire into the

validity of such claim, and ih:U thereupon order such wares

or merchandizes, or any part thereof, or any money which shall have arisen by saie thereof, cr any part thereof, to be

delivered cr paid to such person or persons upon such terms

and in such manner as the said court fiif.il direct.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That it liiall and may be law- Owus/lE* ful to, v and the said commissioners appointed by this act, to advance and lend the said sum of two hundred thousand pounds, and such treasury bills as may be made out in pursuance of this act, for any further sum on wares or mcrcitan- ami wares ami dizes lodged and secured in the King’s warehouses, or in ;u

warehouses under the management or controul of the com- k"'s missioners of his Majesty's revenue in Dublin, but not elsewhere, on the estimated value of the said wares or merchandizes, exclusive of the duties chargeable thereon, and that such wares or merchandizes shall remain in such warehouses respectively, under the management or controul of such respective commissioners of the revenue, under the several rules, regulations, and restrictions now established by law, except as herein is excepted; provided that no such wares or such jm.-I merchandizes shall be removed from any such warehouses or warehouse without the authority of the said commissioners VaVn com'-' appointed by this act, signified to such commissioners of the revenue, by warrant under the hands and seals of any two commissioners or more of the said commissioners appointed by this act.

XIX. And be it enacted, That the principal officers of Officers at customs at the port of Dublin, shall receive into their custody ^'^Vea-'ve any wares-or merchandizes intended to be deposited as a fe-

curity for any loan to be advanced under this act, and forth- as li-

J /* . curity under

with transmit a certificate under their or his hands to the iliis aft, and said commissioners appointed by this act, certifying the nature, quantity, and quality thereof. on""-

XX. And be it enacted, That in all cases where security Sureties

bound only" in Cims Tub*

shall be entered into with such surety or sureties as the said °"K

commissioners or the majority of them shall in their difcrctic approve, then each of the sureties in such security shall be bound in such sum, and no more, as he shall set and subscribe again! his name upon such security; provided that VoL. XVI. 11 G no

feribedagainfk their names;

sureties to amount to double the fjir.s lent on lall mintlon* - ed security;

50l. per cent, on tU'pofitcs of manufactured goods 5

60k per cent, on unmanufactured

guOlij.

Commissioners in provide ware-

houses for gtnuU depo-filed, and to appoint officer to lake care of them, and have accounts thereof taken, and male other

reeuhitions, as herein;

upon proof of expediency

of re-delivering fneli do* politic, the fecutivy may be charged, .\c.

The thirty-third Year of George III. no part of the said sum of two hundred thousand pounds, nor of the said treasury bills shall be issued on the security daft mentioned, unless the amount of all the sums set and subscribed against the names of the several sureties upon the said security, shall amount in the whole to double the fum3 in money contained in such treasury bills so to be advanced on the credit thereof, nor on any deposite of goods, to a greater amount than in the proportion of fifty pounds per centum, in case the said goods arc manufactured, or of sixty pounds per centum, in case the said goods are unmanufactured on the value of such deposite, or on the value of the specific interest which the party or parties depositing the same shall have therein as aforesaid.

XXI. And be it enacted, That the said commissioners, or the majority of them, shall, and they are hereby authorized and required to provide from time to time, such warehouses or places as they shall deem requisite for lodging and securing all such wares or merchandizes as shall be deposited with 'them under the directions of this act, and to appoint the ne-ccssary officers to attend and have the care of such wares or merchandizes at such warehouses or places respectively, and to cause all such wares or merchandizes, or the respective packages containing the same to be numbered, marked, weighed, or taken an account of in such manner, and from time to time at such times as the said commissioners shall deem neceslhry, so as to avoid any damage or loss to the respective proprietors thereof, by reason of such deposits, and it shall he in the discretion and power of the said commissioners, or the majority of - them, to make all necessary regulations from time to time for the receipt, safe custody and delivery out of such wares and merchandizes deposited in such warehouse or warehouses, or other places, and from time to time to permit the proprietor or proprietors thereof, or their respective agents or factors, or other persons duly authorized to.inspect, examine, and take reasonable samples of the fame; provided that upon the application of the proprietor or proprietors of any wares or merchandizes deposited under this act, and upon proof made before the said commissionere or the majority of them, or before such person or persons as they shall appoint, but nevertheless to the satisfaction of such commissioners of the expediency of re-delivering the fame, to such proprietor or proprietors, his or their

affiance

The thirty-third Year of George III. 947

nflignce or assigns for the purpose of trade, before the A.D. fnms advanced or lent thereon shall be paid or satisfied, and 1793-upon a tender of Inch security for the due payment thereof, as is herein mentioned, or of other goods of equal value to be deposited in like manner, it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners or the majority of them, in their discretion to change the security for such loan, and to direct and order such wares and merchandizes to be re-delivered to such proprietor or proprietors, his or their assignee or assigns,

on depositing other goods as aforesaid, or giving such fecti-rity as by this afi is directed to be taken for the payment of all the principal sums advanced and lent on the said wares and merchandizes, and which shall be then unpaid, together with such inlcrcft for the fame, as by this act is limited; at the respective days or times appointed for the payment of the fame: and further that where any payment of any prin- "j!'wm"t cipal sums with interest shall have been duly made, on or filin'* Imno'V-.before the day appointed for payment thereof, the said um^ofpToa’i commissioners or the majority of them, upon the application of the proprietor or proprietors of any wares or merchandizes deposited as aforesaid, his, her, or their assignee or assigns, fllall direct and order a part of such wares and merchandizes, the estimated value whereof shall as nearly as conveniently may be in the judgment of such commissioners, bear the fame proportion to the estimated value of the whole, which such principal sum so re-paid, shall bear to the whole of the principal sums advanced and lent on any such wares and merchandizes, to be Te-delivered to such proprietor or proprietors, his or their assignee or assigns, and so from time to time on every such respective installment, being so paid and satisfied on or before the*day when the same shall respectively become payable, and in like manner shall re-deliver the whole of such wares or merchandizes on payment of all the principal sums advanced and lent thereon, together with interest, and that upon producing the certificate or certificates of the said commissioners, or any two or more of them, fig-ni Tying the payment thereof as aforesaid, the officer or officers having the care of such wares or merchandizes, shall deliver out of the warehouse or warehouses, or other places wherein the same shall be so deposited, the whole or so much of the said wares or merchandizes as shall be mention-11 G 2 cd

gij.8 57’ff thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

cd or expressed in such certificate or certificates of such com-1793- missioners.

XXII. Provided also, and be it further ensded, That in

In all cales all cases where a permit shall be required by law for the re-wlierc permits

aic 'cqiuraj, moval of any wares or merchandi7,c from place to place puihldVdl withill this kingdom, such permit frail be required in all moved with. cafM ^or the removal of the like wares and merchandizes to out permits. or from any rvarchouse or warehouses to be provided or used under the authority of this act.

Pei fora

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further ensiled, That goods, niaii every person depositing or causing to be deposited any wares Imcdl'a!tii-' or merchandizes under this act, frail-at his and their proper retted by charges, if required so to do by the said comniiiTtoners an-

commission- 01 4

«!. pointed by this act, cause the same to be inlnred from any

iofs by fire, for and during such time as the said wares and merchandizes frail be deposited in any warehouse or warc-houses, or other place in pursuance of this act, for such sum or sums of money, and with such person or persons as the said commissioners frail direct or approve.

So much of

XXIV. And be it enacted, That the principal sums ad-an'dCperctnt’ vance^ an^ 'ent ty the said commissioners, out of the said intend m ul sum of two hundred thousand pounds, frail be repaid with-

vanced, shall r . r

be repaid at out dedudion or abatement, together with interest for the cd"in securi- fame, at the rate of six pounds per centum per annum, at t,i;s’ such times as shall be appointed for the payment thereof, in

the securities taken from the persons to whom the fame frail principal ami have been lent; and that the principal sums contained in foms lent in the treasury bills, which shall be advanced and lent by the tobcU[4i’by’ fa'(l commissioners, under the authority of this act, shall be as^hercin1* rePa'^ without dedudion or abatement, together with interest for the fame, by installments as herein after is mentioned, (that is to say), the principal sum in each and every treasury bill, at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, together with interest for the fame, at and after the rate of six pounds per centum per annum, by the space of fifteen days at leaf!, before the time which each such treasury bill frail become payable, according to the provisions of this act, such interest to be computed on the said principal sum, from the date of such treasury bill, to the time of payment there-laviant ’ ant^ any default frail be made by any person or per-

iimind times, fons, in payment of any such sum or sums of money, Hid;’1 ' I within

The thirty-third Year of George III. 949

within the respective times herein before limited for pay- A.D.

17

Chat

ment thereof, according to the true intent and meaning of 179J-

this act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners hereby appointed, or the majority of them, by any warrant or warrants under their hands and foals, to cause fit much as they shall think necessary of the wares and merchandizes deposited, or being in any 1'ticli warehouse or warc-houses, or other place-, by or on account of such defaulter or defaulters, as a security for such payment, such wares and merchandizes not bearing a greater proportion to the efti mated value of the whole, than the sum so due and in arrear, shall bear to the whole sum advanced, on the credit of such wares or merchandizes, to be appraised and sold by public auction to the highest bidder, under such terms and conditions of talc as such commissioners shall direct, for and towards satisfying £uch parts of the furns advanced on such wares and merchandizes as shall be then due, together with interest as aforesaid, and with such costs and charges attending such falc, as shall be allowed by the said commissioners; and the money moneyarir,n5 arising from the falc of such wares and merchandize as shall B?,’,dsacp°-have been deposited as a security for any part of the said sum |,lrt of two hundred thousand pounds, shall, after deducing such s»,ooool.

r . iWanSius

costs and charges, be forthwith paid to the cashier of the charfc», paid bank of Ireland, towards satisfying the said sum advanced 'u the ,la"k 1 by the governor and directors of the said bank to the said commissioners, and from the time of such payment, all interest on so much of the said treasury bills as shall be equal in value to the amount of such payment, shall cease; and all numry arifinj money arising from the sale of such wares and merchandize s,u,is as shall have been deposited as a security for such treasury bills, for any part of the said sum of three hundred thousand g'"1 "UQCK-

chequer. Sic.

pounds, as shall in pursuance of this act be issued, shall be paid at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, towards satisfying the sums contained in such treasury bills, and the residue thereof shall be reserved at the said exchequer, and carried to the account of future payments to be made by such defaulter or defaulters, if any shall remain to be made; and ov.mi,.!,f. the overplus, if any be, after satisfying all sums advanced on such wares or merchandizes, with interest, costs, and c'’!1,’' '

paw 10 j*cr/oR

charges as aforesaid, to be paid to such defaulter or dc- nitii! d to faulters, or such other person or persons as shall appear to ' ’ such commissioners to be entitled to the fame, or such person Vol. XVI. 11 H

or

950

The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

or persons as he or they shall respectively appoint to receive

1793* the fame; and further, that in case any such default shall be made, and no wares or merchandize shall bedeposited with

how default- the said commissioners, or that the same shall be found, or ers anti tlrcir p # t

furetict shall shall become insufficient in value to satisfy the whole of the agifnTwhtte demand from such defaulter or defaulters, it shall also be depefited^or' lawful: for the said commissioners, and they are hereby rc-wlieiegnods . quired without further delay, to issue their warrant or war-

are IllfuillCl- 1

cot; irants, from time'to time, ’to the proper officer or officers of -the'crown, having the direction or management of-proceed-ings upon-obligations to his Majesty, requiring such officer or officers presently to proceed again! all, or any of the persons who shall have entered :into any security for the sum advanced, his, :hcr, and their heirs, executors and admicif-tralors, for recovery of such ;parts of the sums advanced on such securities, as shall be then due, 'together with interest -as aforesaid-.; and such-costs and charges attending such proceedings as shall be by law payable for the fame, the amount of which’principal sums To to be levied, the said commissioners shall cause, from time to time, to be testified by their note in writing, under the hands of any two or more of them, to such officer or officers, and which sum shall be inserted in the writ or process, and the like process shall and may from time to time, issue as aforesaid, as occasion shall require; sums in part and the sums so recovered on account of the said sum of two 2oo,ooal. so hundred thousand pounds, shall be paid to the cashier-of the iSTiuo’ bank of Ireland; and the sums so recovered on account of the bank; said treasury bills, shall be paid at the receipt of his Ma-furos recover- jesty’s exchequer, the costs and charges aforesaid only ex-«f treafory1111 copied, without abatement, deduction, or delay, in satisfac-jnio'csdu- t'on fl,ch demands-; and it shall be in the discretion of tiuer> the said commissioners, 'to direct again! which of the ob-comminiimers ligors in such security, such proceedings shall be from time winchuftiie to time,-commenced or prosecuted; and the said commis-ticfSand sioners :shall have the controul and superintendaince of such fhnitcuntruul prosecutions, and the same shall not be discontinued, nualh-

|:rokcutto»Sj 1

s. c. -ed or abated, upon any pretence whatever, without the authority-of the said commissioners, testified under the hands and seals of any two or more of them, and exhibited to the barons of his Majesty"s court of exchequer in this kingdom.

4

The thirty-third Year of George III.

XXV. And be it enacted, That all bonds taken by the said commissioners, payable to the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, shall have the fame force, authority and effect, in every respect, as bonds to his Majesty, and such process as is herein after directed to be issued, and all proceedings thereon, shall be in the name of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in like manner as if such bonds had been made payable to his Majesty.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That.where any proceedings shall be directed by the said commissioners as aforesaid, against any obligors or obligor, named in any bond or obligation to his Majesty, or to the governor and company of the hank of Ireland, no writ or writs of fare facia shall be required to be issued; but that upon the product-ion of the warrant or warrants of the said commissioners as before mentioned, before any of the barons of the said court of exchequer, and in case such intended proceeding shall be against any suretics or surety, then upon proof of notice having been served upon such party or parties, or left at his, her, or their ufua'l place or places of abode respectively, ten days at Least before such application shall be made 'to such baron, an extent in the name of his Majesty shall and may 'issue in the first process, upon the fiat of such baron, without any affidavit, or other -verification or proof of the cause of such proceeding, than such warrant or warrants as aforesaid.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That after the due payment of the sums advanced with interest as aforesaid, at the times and dm the manner herein specified, every such obligation entered into in pursuance of this act, being fully satisfied according to the true 'intent and meaning of this act, shall be forthwith delivered up to 'he cancelled t and in case any such obligation shall have been prosecuted according to the directions of this act, the said commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall by their warrant or 'warrants, direct the proper officer or officers of the said court of exchequer, to enter up satisfaction on such obligation or obligations, so being satisfied as aforesaid, upon the record or otherwise, to deliver up the same to be cancelled, as the case may require.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the payment of any of the installments of the sums advanced by virtue of this act, may be made either in money, or in any of the treasury bills, to be issued by virtue of this act, which shall have become due at the time of such payment, or which shall be payable at a period not later than fifteen days, next after the day appointed by this act, for the payment of such installment, in dif-Uharge of which such treasury bill shall be paid.

nH e

951

A.D. 1793. Chap. 52.

Proceedings on bonds payable :o (tic bank, shall be in the name of his Majesty.

No writ of fart facias in proceedings against obligors;

upon production of commissioinrs

werrant, cr if apaitill fu-reties upon proof ol to day's notice, an extent may issue in first process, upon the fiat of a baron, &e.

Obligations to be cancelled after payment of piiu-cipal ami ia* teteft.

Iiiftalimentt

may hr paid in money nr treasury bills idued hereby, which shall be

payable in 15

days after.

Whcie films have been paid by furt. lies, ohlt£UU* ons shall (land ig-mist tin* p*’1ticip&.!s« asfcni ity ! for reimburse-

r.e«t}

where one fiirety Oiall Imvc |»:ii(l inorctli:M»n propoui.m, the obligation asamlt the others shall ll:ind over as ;i f'em ity for luJi;

-on application if fureiit-i 10 commissioti-irs, for pvr-pofcsasure-said, fomiiviffioueis shall rause-such luma to be recovered irom p'inci-pais a»«l lure* tie*, &c.

thereupon tomm.flioners . shall direct

Ths 'thirty-third Year of George III.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That every obligation with air? sureties or fnrety to be taken according to this act, after payment or recovery thereupon, by the said commissioners, of the sums advanced or lent, with all intereils and coils, in the manner required by this act, shall Hand and remain as a further security for the purposes, and in the manner herein after mentioned; that is to lav, if any surety or sureties upon such obligation, his, her, or their executors or administrators, shall have paid or satisfied any part of such sums, interest or coils, then such obligation as against the principal obligor or obligors, his or their executors or administrators, shall Hand as a security as aforesaid, for the reimburse-inent of such sureties respectively, their executors or administrators, of the whole of the sums so paid or fa'isfied, and so from time to time, until inch reimbursement shall be fully made, according to the intent of this act; and if any such sureties or surety, their or his executors or administrators, shall have paid or satisfied a sum which shall bear a greater proportion to the whole of the sums recovered upon such obligation, than the sum for which such fnrety respectively shall have been bound, shall bear to the total amount of all the several sums of money for which all the several sureties shall have been bound by such obligation, then such obligation as against every of the sureties who shall not have paid or satisfied an equal proportion of the whole sum recovered, according to the sum for which he shall have been respectively bound, their and every of their heirs, executors and administrators respectively, shall Hand as a security for the benefit of such sureties or surety, their executors or administrators respectively, who shall have paid or satisfied any such sums as aforesaid, for the purpose of enforcing a contribution amongst such sureties, in an equal proportion to the several sums for which they shall have been re-I’neflively bourid, and so from time to time, until such contribution shall be fully made, according to the intent of this act; and that in every such case, upon the application of any sureties or surety to the said commissioners, for any of the purposes aforesaid, the said commissioners shall cause the respective claims of such sureties or surety respectively, and the sums to be recovered from such principals or sureties respectively, their and every of their heirs, executors or administrators, to be adjusted and settled as herein is mentioned, so that the whole sum recovered shall be distributed in an equal proportion, according to the sums for which each surety respectively shall have been bound in the fame obligation, and so from time to time as the case shall require; and thereupon the said commissioners, or the majority of them, by c warrant

The thirty-third Year of George III.

953

warrant or warrants in writing, tinder their hands, shall from A.D.

time to time, direct process to iliuc for the recovery (>f such Alins 1793.

as they shall have so adjusted and settled, to he respectively reco-

vertd from, and paid to Inch persons respectively, as they shall p'oerfi to if.

specify in such warrant or warrants, under and fr.bjcft to the several regulations and directiuns in this act contained as afore- "‘Oaftol.

said.

XXX. And be it enacted, That such process as aforesaid, shall Proccfsmay and may lawfully issue on any such obligation as aforesaid, agaitlft

any such principals or principal, their or his heirs, executors or of fu-administrators, for the benefit of any such sureties or surety, their against sure-or.his executors or administrators, and again ll any such sureties or [ulf 0,^-surety, their or his executors or administrators as aforesaid, for ahl.ough

t m whole sums

the benefit of any co-sureties or co-surety, their or his executors repaid;

or administrators, notwithstanding the whole fttm which shall have been advanced to such principals or principal shall have been repaid; and in case any sureties or surety shall become bound by prmifiom distinct obligations or obligation, for the fame persons or person, and for or on account of the fame advancement, all and every filrcn« are

J hound by the provisions aforesaid, shall be applied in like manner, as well dillinct oblt-for the benefit of as against such sureties or surety, and against as'

such principals or principal, as if all such sureties and principals respectively were named in the fame obligation.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That all wares and merchandizes q00js ae. deposited with the said commissioners, under the authority and for P°rilcJ’'Tited

r 1 in comrmtli-

the purposes of this act, shall he for such purpo'fes vested in the unrre, l>y said commissioners, by the name of the commissioners for distribut- "hT flia'iT’sue ing the sums granted for the support of commercial credit, and that the said commissioners shall and may fuc and be sued in the their ice. name of their secretary for the time being; and that no action or suits nol t, suit in law or equity, to be brought or commenced by or against br

death or r«-

the said commissioners on account of this act, in the name of m->va! of fee. their secretary for the time being, shall abate or be discontinued by the death or removal of such secretary, or by the act of such secretary, without the consent of the said commissioners, but the secretary to the said commissioners for the time being, shall always he deemed the plaintiff or defendant in such action or suit, as the case may be; and no action or suit shall be brought against the noafllon, laid commissioners, collectively or individually, or against their ^SaLri secretary, except in the said court of exchequer, and with the ?’ r-c- ,‘"t,

J # 1 in couri at

leave of such court nrft had and obtained, and upon such terms rxci.«ju?r. and conditions as the said court shall direct.

Vol. XVI. ill

954

A.D. 1793. Chap. 32.

T.ar.k 10 optti an account with the cotmnif-iioiieis;

Commissioners to give certificates to pet font to whom they have advanced part of

200 ooool. before time of payment';

cntflicntrs reduced to cnfhier, See,

cnfhier to ac-

knowh-d^c receipt of tnunirs at foot of cer-rificate; certificates to he given to officers When goods are to be sold:

x*aIhicrto r«-vcive nii'ities so^tvicvl, upon production of ft: el 1 certificates, ami acknowledge,ei foot, without fi e,

receipts to hr uiteu'd and at idled by unmiffi-

oiirrs and iC'

tutned to ownm:

The thirty-third Year of George III.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That the governor and directors of the bank of Ireland shall, and they are hereby required to open an account in their books, with the commissioners hereby appointed, under the title of commissioners for distributing the sums granted for the support of commercial credit, and carry to the credit of such account the several monies by this act directed to be paid to the cashiers of the bank; and the said commissioners shall. at foine time before the sums advanced or lent by them, out of the said sum of two hundred thou Hind pounds, shall be to be repaid, deliver to the person or persons to whom the same shall have been advanced nr lent, at his or their request, one or more certificate or certificates, under their hands, specifying the sum or sums advanced or lent, and the times of lending thereof, and the times when they respectively will become payable; and the cashier of the said bank shall, upon the production of such last mentioned certificate or certificates, accept and receive from the person or persons producing the fame, the amount of the principal sums contained therein, togelher with such interest, to be computed from the date thereof, to the time of payment as, aforesaid; and at the foot of such last mentioned certificate or certificates, acknowledge the receipt of the said monies; and that whensoever the said commissioners shall, by their warrant or order, have directed stich monies to be raised or levied by sale of any wares or merchandizes deposited by virtue of this act, or by any proceedings on any securities taken by virtue thereof, in default of such payment as aforesaid, the said commissioners shall deliver to the officer or officers executing the fame reflectively, a like certificate as aforesaid, and further specifying therein the amount of the monies to be so raised or levied, and the substance of such warrant or order, to raise or levy the same; and the said cashier of the said bank, shall upon the production of such last mentioned certificate, accept and receive from such officer or officers the monies so raised or levied, in satisfaction of the payments whereof, default shall be so made as aforesaid, and at the foot of such certificate, acknowledge the receipt of the said monies, without fee or reward; and every such receipt shall be afterwards brought to the office of the said commissioners hereby appointed, and by them entered in proper books, to be provided and kept for that purpose, and the said commissioners, or any two or

’ more

The thirty-third Year of George III. 955

more of them, shall attest the fame, under their hands, and A.D.

return the same to the person or persons producing the fame,

at the said office; and every such receipt so attcfled, and every such entry in any of the said boohs, shall respectively

from thenceforth, be an acquittance and discharge for the ac<|imtiin«

1 . 0 , to1 ,e Part, M'

Tams exprened therein to have been received, as againfr the said commissioners, and every of them, their and every of

their executors and administrators, as well to the person or persons to whom such receipts shall be given, as to all and every the persons who shall have entered into any security

in respect of the money mentioned in such certificate, to

which such receipt shall be subscribed, their and every of

their executors and administrators respectively.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That the governor and com- Bank to

pany of the bank of Ireland, shall within ten days after any

proper ccrsoflrca-. Cw),tol.c

bills equal in cancelled.

payment shall be made to them on account of the said sum 10 l*

1 1 paid, til om-

of two hundred thousand pounds, deliver to the officers of his Majesty's treasury, treasury value to the sum paid to them, in order that such treasury bills may be cancelled, and that the proper officers of his Majesty's treasury shall accordingly cancel the same.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That all inlcrcft which shall lutcrcft be received by the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, on such sums as have been or shall be advanced If'1',1’ba"1*

7 mail tu; paid

and lent by them on account of the said sum of two bun- me, mi Hi-

oners towaid*

area thousand pounds, exceeding the rate of five pounds (),r.aymS per centum per annum, shall not be retained by them, but 1 ,lu' "c‘ shall be paid by them to the commissioners by this act appointed as a fund to defray all costs and expences which shall be incurred under the direction of the said commissioners in the execution of this act, and which shall be approved of by the lord lieutenant of this kingdom for the time being, and the surplus of such c-xcefs of interest, if rmpliis «f in-any, shall be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's treasury

by the said commissioners, and be applied in the first place

' . .* anplicaimn

to make good any loss which m.-.y accrue by the infus- fippiu;.

ficiency of any security taken by the f.iivl commissioners,

and the remainder towards the support of his Majesty’s

government.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That the proper officers of ocw, uf his Majesty's treasury, shall and they are hereby required to ,p’n M-open an account in their books with the said commissioners

1 1

hereby

956 The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

hereby appointed, and carry to the credit of such account 1793* the several monies by this act directed to be paid at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, and whensoever the said cmiik-ntcs commissioners that! have advanced or lent any of the trea-

to be given, r

andpro«iuccii, fury bills to be made out in pursuance of Inis act, for any asbtfoa, par(. ljic p;ljj fllrther sum of three hundred thousand pounds, to any person or persons, tire said commissioners shall at some time before the films contained therein shall be to be repaid, deliver to such person or persons at his or their request, one or more certificate or certificates under their hands, specifying the value of such trea fury bills, the respective dates thereof, and the times when they respectively. will become payable, and that the proper officer at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, shall upon the pro-dudion of such last mentioned certificate or certificates, by the space of fifteen days or more, before such treasury bills shall become payable, accept and receive from the person or persons producing the fame, the amount of the principal sums contained therein, together with such interest to be computed from the date thereof, to the time of payment as aforesaid, and at the foot of such last mentioned certificate or certificates, acknowledge the receipt of the said where monies nionics > and that whensoever the said commissioners shall

arc 10 be h- j,y rheir warrant or order have directed such monies to be vicu by bile, J

ceiiifie.ue to raised or levied by sale of any wares or merchandizes de-liicer«, ns posited by virtue of this act, or by any proceedings on any More, /bounties taken by virtue thereof, in default of such payment as aforesaid, the said commissioners shall deliver to the officer or officers executing the lame respectively, a like certificate as aforesaid, and further specifying therein the amount of the monies to be so raised or levied, and the substance of such warrant or order to raise or levy the same, and the said officer at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, iiiall upon the production of such last mentioned certificate, accept and receive from such officer or officers the monies so Faised- or levied in satisfaction of the payments whereof default shall be so made as aforesaid, and at the foot of such certificate, acknowledge the receipt of the said monies without fee or reward, and every such receipt shall be afterwards brought to the office of the said commissioners hereby appointed, and by them entered in proper books to be provided and kept for that purpose; and the said com-b missioners

T'ke thirty-third Year of George III. 957

missioners or any two or more of them, shall attest the fame under their hands, and return the same to the person or persons producing the fame at the said office, and every such receipt so attested, and every such entry in any of the said books, shall respectively from thenceforth be an acquittance and discharge for the sums 'expressed therein, to have bocn received as against the said commissioners, and every of them, their and every of their executors and administrators, as vreil to the person or persons to whom such receipt shall be given, as to all and every the persons -who shall have entered into any security in -respect -of the treasury bills mentioned in such certificate to which such receipt shall be subscribed, their and every of their heirs, executors, and adnrinistrators respectively.

wreipts onto ui and at-tclled by eonimflfian-cr«, and dt*!i* vered as bc-foio 5

such receipt* and entries il-all be ac-ijtiit t nr.Ccb tc the paiUCC.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That a separate and dillinft fci,t,e account lha'11 he kept by the proper officers of tire exchequer, of all monies paid by virtue of this act, on account of the said treasury bills for the said further sum of three hundred thousand pounds, and the intere'ft thereof, at the rate of six pounds per centum per annum, and that ail monies so »wlic«im»

r of mnmck

paid into the said receipt by virtue of this att, shall be sub- paid inf. jest and liable to the uses and purposes herein after men- 'J"1' tioned, that is to say, in the first place for paying oft’ and ,n. discharging the treasury hills to be made out by virtue of this act, on account of the said further sum of three hun-a,lj il, Krc|h

dred thousand pounds, with the interest payable thereon, at the respective -days and times, and in the order and course in which the same are hereby directed to be discharged, and all such treasury bills and interest thereon as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid and borne by and out of the first monies that shall arise in the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer accordingly, and after paying off and discharging the 21, in pay.

fame, in the next place to pay off all the charges and ex- in'ar-

pences which shall he incurred by the said commissioners hereby appointed in carrying this act into execution, and

to make good all such sums as Khali have been issued to

the said commissioners out of the public monies, towards the said charges and expences in pursuance of the orders of the lord lieutenant for the time being, according to the directions of this act, and also to pay and satisfy all charges and expences incident to or attending the making out such Vox,. XVI. 11 K treasury

958

A.D.

The shirty-ihtrd Year of George III.

1793. Chap. 52.

surplus reserved for the

treasury bills, and if any surplus shall remain of the monies' paid into the said receipt by virtue of this act, after satisfying the several sums hereby charged thereon as aforesaid, such surplus shall be reserved for the dispofltion of dif|wiiiii)ii of parliament.

P On the days

XXXVII. And be it cuafted, That on the several days and i'^onivhich t‘mcs on which such treasury bills are hereby directed to he dif-ireafuty Wiis ciiarged, that is to say, the aforesaid twenty-fifth day of Bccem-charged.'an' her, twenty-fiftii day of March, twenty-fourth day of June, and b^madVout twenty-ninth clay of September, respectively, the lord lieutenant cfoii tKa- for the time being, shall cause a true and perfect account in writable, and of ing to be taken and attested by the proper officers of all the trea-rable^o'dif-" ^"ur7 kills to ke niafle out-in pursuance of this act, which shall become payable on the respective days and times before specified, and of the monies which shall then be in the said receipt, applicable to the paying off and discharging the fame; and if the money which shall have arisen in the said exchequer, for or on account of the payments to be made by virtue of this act, at the respective periods before mentioned, shall not be sufficient to discharge the whole principal and interest due as aforesaid, on the several trea-ffury bills to be issued in pursuance of this act, then such deficiency shall and may be supplied and made good, by and out of the aids or supplies which Hull have been or shall be granted in this or any subsequent session of parliament.

Coramiiii-

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That the said commissioners onirs topive hereby appointed, shall from time to time at their discretion, or as often as they shall be thereunto required during their carrying on any proceedings by virtue of this act, and as soon as possible after the determination of such proceedings, without any further requisition, give an account of their proceedings in writing to the lord lieutenant of this kingdom for the time being.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That if any of the said commissioners appointed by this act, shall decline to act in the execution and trusts hereof, or having begun to act, shall

charge of such;

deficiencies may be supplied out of aids granted by parliament.

accounts proceedings

to lord lieut.

When com*

mifiioiiers tie

dine acting.

or die, others Of the pOWeFS

by the'e-0fi"-^ec*'ne to act any further therein, or shall die during the con-inanider, wio tinuance of this act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the

upon being ...

qualified I')- remaining commissioners, or the major part of them acting as oatlqai'j'ap- aforesaid, by any writing under their hands and seals, by and p.mrd f by with the consent and approbation of the lord lieutenant of this

lord lieut.

-(hall have kingdom for the time being, to constitute and appoint such person a' P°"US’ or perfous to be a commissioner or commissioners for the purposes aforesaid, in the place of the commissioner or commissioners so refusing to act, or declining further to aft, or dying as aforesaid,

The thirty-third Year of George III. 959

and the said acting commissioners, or the major part of them, A. IX with fucll confci'.t and approbation as aforesaid, shall think fit, and 1793* so often as fucll case shall happen, and the person or persons so Chap. 5 J, constitwed and appointed by tile said commissioners, with Inch consent and approbation as aforesaid, having lirft qualified to act, by talcing and subscribing the oath herein before provided and directed, shall be invclted with the fame powers and authorities as are given or delegated by this act unto the said commissioner or commissioners cenflituted by this act respectively.

XL. And be it enacted, That no action or suit shall be com- Aliens for meuced against any person or persons for any thing done by virtue of or in pursuance of this act, until fourteen days notice this act>not

1 ' to LVRtmmce

thereof in writing shall have been given to the secretary for the «n:ii i + dap time being of the said commissioners, nor after a filfiicient salis-faction, or a tender thereof hath been made to the party or par-a;‘?r ? ,tn‘,cr

1 J ‘ ol fctiUac-

ties aggrieved, nor after six calendar months next after the fact tiun i nor nr-

committed, and every such action shall be brought in the said

court of exchequer, and dull be laid in the county of the city of j11 tJ

1 . ' r 1 . l>r,uflht III

Dublin, and not elsewhere, and the defendant or defendants in court of«-:such action or suit, shall and may plead the general issue, and give c’o?«r this act and the specia! matter in evidence on any trial to be had c1u7’,

I 1 drlilldlot

thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the maypl^iiiic authority of this act, and if the fame -shall appear so to be done, ',tl'u ‘‘1-1 ’ or if such action or suit shall be brought after the time herein jfati;,n>£;c before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought without fourteen days notice thereof, or shall be brought in any other county or place, or after a sufficient satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, that then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become non-suited, or r,r ifpiainti(r suffer a discontinuance of his, her, or their action or actions, or benon-fuitcil, if a verdict shall pass against the plaintiff' or plaintiffs, the defen- coiistodc-dant or defendants shall have treble costs, and shall have such remedy for recovering the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have for costs of suit in any other cases by law,

XLI. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons shall persons forge, counterfeit, or alter, or cause or procure to be forged, who forge or counterfeited, or altered, or knowingly or wilfully act or assist in curc’t°riK° the forging, counterfeiting, or altering any certificate or certificates «'r.

of the said commissioners by this act appointed as aforesaid, or Uiic.vcor re-

ceipt, orde-

any of them, or any receipt or receipts to be given by any person liter or w for any money paid at the receipt of his Majesty's treasury, or given by the cashier or cashiers of the bank of Ireland, in pursuance of this act, or shall wilfully deliver to any person any II Ks receipt

«jf6o The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

receipt for any money paid at the receipt of his Majesty's exche-

1793* <]uer, or to the cashier of the bank of Ireland, or shall utter any such forged, counterfeited, or altered certificate or certificates, receipt or receipts, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or any body or bodies politick or corporate, or any person whomsoever, then and in every such case, all and every person or persons so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony without benefit of clergy.

In force

XLII. And be it enacted, That this act shall commence from th/roya'l'"3 an<* imme(iiatcly after the same shall have received the royal assent. assent.

Affirmation

XLIII. And be it enacted, That in all cases where an oath may in lieu of an be administered by this act, it shall be lawful to administer aa affirmation in lieu thereof, as the case may require.

CHAP. LIII,

An Act for making and constituting a new Parish, ly the Name of the Parish of Saint George, on the Ground adjoining the City of Dublin therein described, and for erecting and building a Parifi Church therein.

iPicamtile.

WHEREAS by the extension of buildings adjoining * the city of Dublin, north and north-eastward of the Lying-In-Hospital, and in the neighbourhood thereof, in the district herein after described, several new streets have been made and bnilt, and others are now making and building, and the inhabitants of the said district have become very numerous, and the said district not being within the county of the city of Dublin, or within the -operation of any of the laws now in being, for regulating any parish in the fame, and the inhabitants of said district arc destitute of the benefit of the performance of any ecclesiastical duties, and have not aouhts as to a church for the public worship of God: and whereas doubts lmvc afifen that the boundaries of the said district comprehend and surround a part of the parish of Saint Michan’s, in the patronage of the dean and chapter of the cathedral church of tire holy Trinity, commonly called Christ Church,

t and

The thirty-third Year of George III. 961

and for obviating all doubts touching the fame, the said A.D. dean and chapter, and the reverend Thomas Robinson, doc- _1793* for in divinity, the present incumbent of the said parish of Saint Michan, by and with the consent of the moil reverend Robert lord arch-bishop of Dublin, primate and metropolitan and chapter

1 of Oirilt-

of Ireland, ordinary of the place, nave consented and agreed chmdi ami

to the constituting the said district into a new parish; be it hinton, with

therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and Dublin;

temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled,

and by the authority of the same, That all that district or all ihedif-i

J . trict herein

tract of ground beginning at the public fountain oppoiite to described, the north end of Sackville-street, in the city of Dublin, and auhTf"* from thence along that part of Great Britain-street, leading to Summer-hill, and along Summer-hill and Ballybough-lane, as far as the centre of the rivulet or stream of water running coniiituted* under Ballybough-bridge, and from thence along the said rivulet, and through Drumcondra-bridge, as far as Glafncvin-bridge, and from thence along the road leading to Dublin from Glafnevin, as far as Bradogue rivulet, and along the said rivulet eastivard to a well near the angle of the boundary of the city of Dublin, and from thence in a straight line along the boundary of the said city, towards the north-east, to that part of the lane at the rere of the ground or plot laid out for the houses intended to be built in and upon a certain piece of ground called the Royal Circus, near the end of an intended street called or to be called Margaret Place, and from thence in a south-east direction across Bleflington-street, to a lane called White’s lane, and along the said lane to the centre of Dorset-street, and from thence along Dorset-street, to' a point opposite the end of Frederick-street east, near Dor- . set-street, and down Frederick-street to Cavendish-row, and along Cavendish-row, to the aforesaid public fountain opposite to the end of Sackville-street aforesaid, all situate in the county of Dublin, and ali squares, streets, lanes, courts, and other places and grounds within the said lines of boundary herein expressed, be, and the same are hereby confiituled and made a rectory or parish.

II. And be it further enacted, That all that parcel of Grounds ground within the said intended parish herein after described, for fur nfn that is to say, that piece of ground at the north corner of a new intended street to he called Be! videre-street, and ad-Vol. XVI. I I L ieii'.irsg

cluircli, , Vc.

to be built on ground adjoining cfr» ctilar toad;

2 roods ad* joining canal ior burial ground.

962 Tie thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

joining the Circular-roac!, containing in front to the said road 1793- one hundred feet, and in the rcre the like' number of feet, and in depth from front to rcre, one hundred and twenty feet, and also all that piece or parcel of ground containing two roods or thereabouts, adjoining tire banks of the Royal Canal, and at present under a nursery garden, shall he and are hereby vested in the rector of the said paritli herein after mentioned, for the time being, and his successors for ever, for the uses following, namely, as to so much of said ground as lies adjoining the Circular Road, for the purpose of thereon building a paritli church, vestry heuse, and other rooms and cnnvcnicncies needfary for a church, for the use of the minister and parishioners of the said paritli, and as to the said two roods of ground adjoining the said Royal Canal for the purpose of enclosing the fame, for a cemetery or burial ground for the said parishioners, any thing in the statutes of mortmain to the contrary notwithstanding.

Rcflor.with

III. Provided always, That if it shall hereafter be found loiiiVimint- necessary to change the feite for the said intended church aniutripu-r' atK' cenlctcry or burial ground, or either of them, that then of Cl.nit- and in fuel, case the rector of the said paritli for the time

clintai, may # 1

iiunpr ftiir being, with the consent of the right honourable Luke lord tniTuiground, baron Mountjoy, the proprietor of said ground, and also of the dean and chapter of the holy Trinity, commonly called Christ Church, to change the ground for the feite of said church, or the ground for said cemetery before described, for ground of equal quantity in any other part of said paritli, which ground when so exchanged shall be and is hereby vetted in the said rector for the time being, and his successors for ever, in like manner as the said ground would have been had it remained for the purposes aforesaid.

There (lia’l 1^"- And be it further enacted, That there shall be a rcc-!>e a roulhni for or minister, with constant and perpetual fuccecdin? rcc-

fucceliiou ot . 1

rectors, wiiu tors or nunifiers there, who shall have the care of fouls in aliiiihts, - the said parish, and have, enjoy, and receive from the in ha- ‘'c' bitants of the said parish, and occupiers of houses and grounds therein, all such tithes, oblations, obventions, dues, duties, perquisites, rates, assessments, and taxations as arise, grow, or renew within the said parish, and of right ought to he paid to the minister or incumbent, and also all such sums of money as shall from time to time be allotted, ascertained, and charged for the said rector, minister, or incumbent on the

The thirty-third Year of George III.

the several houses and offices in the said parish, pursuant to two acts of parliament passed in this kingdom, one in the seventeenth and eighteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty Charles the second, entitled, An act for frovision of mi-nrfers in cities and corporate t event, and making ike church of Saint Andrew's in the fubttrbs of the city of Dublin, presentative for ever-, and the other in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for the better and more certain valuation of houses in counties of cities, and counties of tevens; which acts and every matter and thing thereby enacted, respecting the valuation of houses and offices, and allotting or afeertnining the sums to be paid out of tile several houses and offices to the incumbents, the times for payment thereof, and the powers for receiving, levying, and recovering the fame, shall he deemed and taken to extend to the said parish hereby made and constituted, as fully as if the fame were situate within the city of Dublin, and the liberties thereunto adjoining, subject nevertheless to tile vifi-tation and power of the ordinary of the dioccfc, and to such other canons and laws ecclesiastical, as redors and ministers are usually and of right ought to be subject to, and that there shall be for the said parish, two church-wardens, two fynodfmen or iidcfmcn, a parish clerk, and all other nfual and necessary parish officers in succession for ever, who shall for ever perform and execute the several duties belonging to their respective offices, and..have and receive the several and respective profits, benefits, advantages, and privileges usually enjoyed with, and of right belonging to such offices in parishes, and also that the rector or minister, or his licensed affifiant in the cure of the said parish, and the parishioners of the fame, shall and may hold vestrics for the said parish, and such vefiries may make rules and orders for regulating and ordering the said parish, and for all such other matters and things incident to parishes, as the vestry of any parish in the city of Dublin, can or may Ho, which rules and orders shall have the fame force and effldl in law, as rules and orders made in the vestry of any other parish have, or ought to have.

V. And be it enacted, That the said parish shall he called by the name of the parish of Saint George, and that every rector thereof shall be and is hereby incorporated and made one body politic and corporate, by the name of the rector of the pariflr of Saint George, 11 L 2 Dublin;

963 A.D. i/93-Chap^J3.

put fit ant to 17 & t SC 2.

and 13 & 14 (.»! 3 a? if niihin city of Dublin:

subject to the visitatfon of tin* ordinary of thediociTe, &c.

2 church-tvatdens 2 iidcfmcn. a pnriili-clci!

SLc.

\cftrim may t:c held.

To be called the panto of St. George;

rc^or incorporated, and rmy fuc, &c.

564 27-tf thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

mi-

Chaj>vS3.

church-wardens incorporated, &c. and may take lands to value of tool* a year.

The hon. and rev. John Ellis Agar, lull reftor, entitled to every advantage, without forfeiture of any benefice, *c.

reftor to keep a curate*

Rectors to ' read their content in the chmch uf St. Thomas, St. Maiy, or St. Miclian, within 2 months after they arc m-ilituu-d, if iio church Crcfted in said paiifh.

Richard Grace and John Darcy, esqrs. cliurJt-wardens, unlit Ealler 175,5 j

2 churchwardens to be cliolcn every Ealler,

Dublin; and shall be capable to sue, and be sued in all courts and places in this kingdom, and that the church wardens of the said parish, and their successors, church wardens of the parish, shall he a body corporate by the name of the church wardens of the parish of Saint George, Dublin, and shall be capable to sue and be sued by such name in all courts and places in this kingdom, and by fttch name to purchase and take lands of the yearly value of one hundred pounds, to the ul’o of the said parish, the statute of mortmain, or any other law to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it enacted, That the honourable and reverend John Ellis Agar, clerk, mailer of arts, shall be the first rector or minister of the said parish; and he is hereby declared to he the rest or or minister of the said parish, and shall have the cure of fouls therein, during his continuing reftor of the said parish, without any admission, institution, or induction to the fame, and shall be entitled to all advantages and provision for the reftor or minister of the said parish provided by this act, and he is hereby authorized to hold and enjoy the said rectory or parish without prejudice or forfeiture of any cccicfiastical benefice or benefices which he is now possessed of, provided that he shall in his absence keep and maintain a curate who shall be resident in the said parish, any law or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful for the said John Ellis Agar, within two months after the passing of this act, to read his assent and consent in one of the parish churches of Saint Thomas, Saint Mary, or Saint Michan, in the city of Dublin, and for all his fitccessors, rectors of the said parish of Saint George, to read their assents and consents respectively, in any one of the said parish churches within two months after they shall be respectively lawfully instituted rectors of the said parish of Saint George, if no parish church shall be at the time or times of their respective institutions into said parish built and erected within the said parish, and that such reading the assent and consent of the said John Ellis Agar, and of the afients and consents of his successors respectively, shall be good and valid to all intents and purposes, any law or statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it enacted, That Richard Grace of Great George’s street, in the county of the city of Dubliu, esquire, and John Darcy, of Great Denmark-street, in the said county, esquire, shall be the present and immediate church wardens of the said parish, to continue in their said office until the feast of Easter, which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, at which time and so for ever hereafter at every feast of Easter

6 in

The thirty-third Year of George III. 965

in each year, two church wardens shall he appointed according to the manner used in the parishes within the county of the city oi Dublin.

IX. And be it enacted, That it shall, and may be lawful for the reftor and minister of the said parish, and he is hereby required within one month from the passing of this act, upon previous notice given by the fail!-reftor in writing ten days before the time thereby appointed for the meeting, to convene the inhabitants of the said parish of Saint George, to meet at some convenient place within the same, and that it shall and may be lawful for the said reftor and church wardens, and the majority of the inhabitants of the said parish then present, to chool'c such other officers of the said 'parish as maybe necessary, and that the said reftor, church wardens, and parifitioners of the said pariflt, may every year after at the usual time appointed, appoint' two church wardens, and elect other officers of the said parish.

X. And be it enacted, That in case any inhabitant of the said . parish of Saint George, or owner of any house and offices therein,

shall upon demand of the church wardens, thereof, or of either of them, refuse or delay to';pay such sum or sums of money as shall ' he allotted or charged upon the house wherein he dwells, and the offices thereto, by the commissioners, or valuators for that purpose to be appointed pursuant to the said statutes, or either of them, at the days or times usual for the payment thereof, that then it shall and may be lawful for the said church wardens, or either of them, to enter into the said house and offices, and dlflrain for such sum or sums as shall be then in arrear, 'and to take,-carry away, and fell such distress according to law, and to pay over to the incumbent such arrear as shall be due to him, and after deducting the reasonable cods and espences attending such distraining, to pay over the remainder unto the said inhabitant; and if the said church wardens

Rector, church war-and pa* rifliioiu'fs, to cled riflicers* upon to dais mu ice from rector

and appoint churcii-war-ikns and officers every year.

Churchwardens mif diflialti;

clitirch-wnr-

or either of them shall fail to do their duty therein, then and in such case the said church wardens to be punished for his or their i.cSica. neglect, as the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors and council of this kingdom shall think fit.

XI. And whereas a.great part of the ground within the said dif-' trift, with the rectorial tithes thereof, are the estate ofinheritance of Luke lord baron Mour.tjoy, and as the said lord Mountjoy has agreed to give as much of the said ground as may be requisite for the building of a church, and making a church yard for the said parish; be it enacted, That the said lord baron Mountjoy, and his heirs and alfigr.s, and the dean and chapter of Christ Church, I*'1*, awl shall for ever be patrons of said rtftory or parish, and earners of du^tr ut Vol. XVI. 11 M the

g(iG The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

the advovrfon thereof, and that the said lord Mountjoy, and the 1793- laid dean and chapter shall have the alternate right of presentation

of a fit clerk thereto, as soon as the said re£lory or parish shall be-ChcifS ctiurtli come vacant, and upon all Future vacancies to ;be directed to the owm«gf arch-bishop of Dublin for the time being, or any -other person *vcr'ani! to or Persons having competent authority in - that behalf, -for institu-hamatitmatc tion and induflion thereto; and the next presentation after that fcntat!I>nT hereby made-of the said John Ellis Agar, shall -belong to the said torVwount ^or<* *,aron Mountjoy, and his heirs and assigns, as for his first ap->y. pointmer.t under said alternate right of'presentation.

XII. And whereas it will be tieocflary to provide ground in the said parish, for the erecting of a church for the -public celebration -of divine service, and for a cemetery or burying ground; be k Any pro- enacted, That-it shall and-may be lawful for any-proprietor-of ' yround to 6id ^ny ground, within the said parish, notwithstanding anry such pro-oidyfo^nr/ Pr*ctor may be seized only for-an estate for fife, -or in -tail therein, or in tail;m»y to grant and convey to the reftonor incumbent of the iaid-parish, X', act« and his succesloBS.for ever, a sufficient quantity ofground, not ex-cimreh^iVc* cce^mS tr,'° -seres, for the purpose of building, erecting, and in null for making thereon a church, with all other buildings necessary therefor -to, and a-cemetery or burying ground, in like manner as persons

are authorized to.grant or set ground for fucll purposes-by the laws now in being, cr shall be authorized by any law hereafter to be made, such.grant and conveyance to be in trust -for -theinha-bitants of the said parish for ever, and that the rest or -or-incumbent of the said parish be, andis hereby enabled to take such grant and conveyance, the statute of ‘mortmain, or any other law -to the contrary notwithstanding.

To provide

XIII. And in order toprovide a fund for the "building and-com-' dratch',1'"1’' pitting of the said church, with a tower -or steeple, and a vestry-'ftecple, Sec, li0ufe,.and for enclosing a cemetery or burying ground, for the use -church war- -of the said parish.; be it enacted, That-it shall and may be lawful for dew, may rc- the-church-wardens-of the said parish for the time being, to take

Cme corttn- 1

billions, and and receive.all voluntary contributions winch may be given, for o/reflo'^and any of the said purposes, and also-with the consent of the refloror mav'aSf'3’ rr,'ni^cri - and the inhabitants of the said parish, -or the greater part fu.r,- im laid of them assembled at such-vestries-or meetings, as shall be appoint-Sicvy’by ’ cd for that purpose, to -rate and assess the several houses, offices jliSiit-, ic. an(j grounc|s in the said parish, with such sums as they shall think fit, for and -towards building and erecting the said church, with a 'tower or steeple, and a vestry-house, and for enclosing a cemetery or burying ground, and for providing ornaments and utenflls, and -all’o a bell or bells for the said church, and to levy the same, with

The thirty-third Year of George III. 967

the necessary charges, by distress and sale of the goods of the par- A.D. ty not paying, in such manner as ccffcs for the reparation of 1793-churches in this kingdom are usually levied and recovered, and the said church-wardens, and their successors, ft all apply all such monies to the purpol’es aforesaid.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the said church shall be deemed Tnbccal-»nd taken to be a parift church, and he a perpetual cure and he- nefice, and stall he called by the name of the parift church of the,llc i’11’oE

J t 1 ’ bt. Cjtfotgc,"

parish of Saint George, and after the said church tliall be consecrated, when confc.

the redior or minister for the time being, stall perform, or cause

to be performed all ditdnc offices, and occasional services in the 1° F'-

IUIIHCU) &C«

said Church, according to law, and the usage of the church of Ireland, and that all such offices and services stall have the like effect and authority as they would 'have had, if performed in any other parish church.

XV. And be it enacted, That if any a diion stall be brought, or Aflionj, 'suit commenced against any person-'or personss, for any thing done numtlu alter

stall

fact, atul hid

in pursuance of this act, that in every such case, the action _____j, county

be brought-within six months next after the fact committed, and not afterwards, anti stall be laid in the county of Dublin, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in such action or ac-

plead tnege-

tions to be brought, shall and may plead the general Ifluenet guil- neraliffuc; ty, and givethis act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had-thereupon,-and that the fame was done in pursuance and by authority of this act; and if it -stall appear so to be done, or if action, Sc. that such-action or actions-shall be brought after the time for bring- ^oiiyhY. 'or ing the same as aforesaid, or stall be brought in any other county or place, that then the jory stall find for the defendant or dc- treble coftj fendants, and -upon such verdict, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs upon affidavit’, shall be non-suited, or discontinue his action -after the defendant or -defendants stall-have appeared, or if upon demurrer, judgment stall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants-stall and may recover treble costs, upon an affidavit made, or the certificate of the judge before whom such cause stall be-tried, whereby it may -appear that -such soit was prosecuted against the defendant or defendants, for the matters contained in this act, and shall have like remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants diath or have for costs of suit in-other cases by Jaw.

XVI. Provided always, That this act, or any thing therein con- Not io aiTcft -tabled, shall not affect, or be deemed or construed to affect or fonYdalYing Jeffen the right of any person whatsoever, lawfully claiming, or Pn"l‘-'">bet. <o claim ai\y pradial-tithes lifting or payable out of any part of the 11AI 2 laid

<}68 The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

fa'id district, - under or by virtue of any grant thereof made by Ins 179.1' Majesty, or his predecessors. l'"XpubM

XVII. And be it enacted, That this'aft shall be, and be deem-- cd, taken, and adjudged to be a public act, and be judicially taken

notice’of as such'by all judges, justices, and other persons whatsoever, without-speciallypleading the same.

- Not to of-

XVIII. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this act con-rf,l,hCc,?ot,.tainted’ fllall in any.wife alfeft the rights of the corporation of rationofDuti- the city of Dublin, or of any persons whomsoever, to the parish to the parish’.-of.Cionturk, it being the true intent and meaning of this act, that cfClonturk, t])e district in this act mentioned, shall not extend further on; the iide next adjoining the parish of Clonturk, than the boundary . of the said parish of Saint Michan’s, as mentioned and ascertained by the book of distributlons remaining in the auditor general’s Office.

CHAP. LIV.

An Act for amending an Act, Entitled, An Act for repairing and preserving the TV acts of the River Anna Liffey, in the City of Dublin, and for amending an Act pajj'ed -in the Tvicnty-sixth Year of His Majesty s Reign,' Entitled, An . AB for promoting the 'Trade of Dublin, by rendering its Port.and Harbour more commodious. 71

V Recital 32 g.3. c. 35.

films’thereby made payable by occupiers w gromitl mu) himfes from well ciu] of k. rampton* Qm:iv to C‘ar-iiflc-JfciJgei

WHEREAS by an act passed in the' thirty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for repairing and preserving the walls of the river Anna Liffey, in the city of Dublin, and for amending an hB passed in the Twenty-fxth year of his Majesty s reign, Entitled, An act for promoting the trade of Dublin, by rendering its port and harbour more commodious, '.it was enacted, That'from and after the passing said act, all and every person' and persons who was or were,-or should be the occupier or occupiers, or in any manner in the possession of any ground, or of any house or houses, or other building or buildings which were or'should be erected, on any ground fituale on those parts of the south fide of the said river Anna Liffey, called, Crampton Oiiay, and Aston’s-Qjiay, lying between the weft . end of Crampton-Ouay aforesaid, and' the nctv 'bridge then crefting, and to be called Carlisle- Bridge, and fronting to

the

The thirty-third Year of George III.

the said quays respectively, should yearly, and every year, on every twenty-fourth day of June for ever, pay, or cause to be paid to the said corporation for preserving and improving the port of Dublin, and their successors, at the ballast-office of the port of Dublin, for the time being, the sum of one {billing and six pence, for each and every foot which such ground, or such house or houses respectively should contain, together with fees for receiving and collecting the fame, at the rate of five pounds per centum, to be computed upon the sum which should be so payable by such person or persons respectively, the first payment of the said rates and fees to be made on the twenty-fourth day of June, then next; and that from and after the passing of the said act, all and every person and persons who were or should be the occupier or occupiers, or in any manner in possession of any.ground immediately fronting to, and adjoining that part of the south quay wall of the said river Anna Liffey, lying between Carlisle- Bridge aforesaid, and the west-ward point of the ground1 belonging to the Marine School, or of any house or houses, building or buildings which were, or should be ereCled on any such ground, should yearly, and every year, on every twenty-fourth day of June for ever, pay, or cause to be paid to the said corporation, and their successors, at the ballast-office of the port of Dublin, for the time being, the sum of one shilling and six pence sterling, for each and every foot which said ground, or house or houses respectively should contain in front to the said last mentioned part of the said south quay wall, together with fees for receiving and collecting the fame, at the rate of five pounds per centum, upon the sum which should be so payable by such person or persons respectively, the first payment of the said last mentioned rates and fees to be made on the twenty-fourth day of June, then next; and that from and after the passing of the said act, all and every person or persons who were, or should be the occupier or occupiers, or in any manner in possession of any ground immediately fronting to, and adjoining that part of the said south quay wall of the said river, lying between the said we Award point of the ground belonging to the said Marine School, and the eastward end of the quay, called sir John Rogerson’s Quay, or of any house or houses, building or buildings, which then were, or should be erected on any Vol. XVI. 11 N such

ftimi thereby payable from Carlisle-Bttdge to Matine-School;

films thereby payable from

wdl of dnriiic S 'bool to call of Ik olio R^cfou* Quay:

970 5The thirty-third. Year of George III.

A.D.

such ground, should yearly, and every year, on every twenty-1793- fourth day of June for ever, pay, or canfe to be paid to the said corporation, and their successors, at the baHaft-office of the port of Dublin, for the time being, the sum of one '/hilling and six pence sterling, for each and every foot which inch ground, or house or houses last mentioned respectively should contain in front to the said last mentioned part of the said south quay wall, together with fees for collecting and receiving the fame, at the rate of five pounds per centum, upon the sum which should be so payable by such person or persons respectively, the first payment of the said last mentioned rates and fees, to be made on the twenty-fmn<ilic'tliy fourth day of June, then next; and from and after the tX!ffirJn Paihng of the said act, all and every person and persons Quarto"'*- ?w were or fnoi,ld be the occupier or occupiers, or in any Kiiigfend- manner in poUcfTion of any ground immediately fronting to, 'and adjoining that part of the south quay wall of the said river, lying between the said eastward end of Hr John Rogerson’s Qtiay, and the bridge of Ringfend, or of any house or houses, building or buildings, which should or might be erected on any such ground, should yearly, and every year, on every twenty-fourth day of June for ever, pay, or cause to be paid, to the said corporation, and their successors, at the ballast-office of the port of Dublin, for the time being, the sum of one shilling and six pence sterling, for each and every foot which such ground, or house or houses respectively should contain in front to the said last mentioned part of the south quay wall, together with fees for collecting and receiving the fame, at the rate of five pounds per centum, to be computed upon the sum which should be so payable by such person or persons respectively, the first payment of the said last mentioned rates and fees to be made on the twenty-fourth day of June, then next; 'W thereby and that from and after the passing of the said act, there Wnpfend"’"' should he paid and payable yearly, and every year, on every AtUrhoke- twenty-fourth day of June for ever, to the said corporation, fend, and their successors for ever, at the ballast-office of the port of Dublin, for the time being, out of, and for all the ground immediately fronting to, and adjoining the quay wall, which lies between the bridge of Ringfend, and the road called' the Artichoke-Road, the yearly sum of forty pounds sterling, together with five pounds per centum thereon, as fees for 6 collcding

The thirty-third Year of George III. 971

collecting and receiving the fame, the first payment of tUe A.D. said last mentioned yearly sum, and the said fees, to be made on the twenty-fourth day of June, then next; and it was by the said receited act, further enacted, That the said ^tha'co^" corporation should, out of the first monies that should arise P'1',0"

mould pay for

from the said duties and taxes, to be raised for the repair flopping the and preservation of the said walls, pay into his Majesty's ’ treasury, such sum as should appear to have been laid out in the flopping a breach in the said south wall, pursuant to an address of the house of commons to his excellency the lord lieutenant, in the then present session of parliament; and in order to enable the said corporation to pay such sum into his Majesty's treasury as aforesaid, it was by the said receited act further enacted, That all that part of j>m on* the said south lots, adjoining to the said south quay wall, clmgai adJi-situate on the front of sir John Rogerson’s Quay aforesaid, bounded on the weft by that part of the estate of the right honourable Luke lord baron Mountjov, and Tohn Bowes

J J_. Ihuuld Ik paid

Benson, esquire, then or theretofore in the possession of o coipjn* Charles Edward Mayne, esquire, or his under-tenants, and 1100' on the east by the quay adjoining the river Dodder, and which said part of the said south lots was then in the possession of Edward Kent, and Nicholas Le Favre, or their under-tenants, under the said Luke lord baron Mountjoy, and part of which fronts the said part of the said south wall, in which the aforesaid breach happened, should, from the passing of said act, Hand charged and chargeable with, and that all and every person and persons, who then were, or should be the occupier or occupiers, or in any manner in possession of the said part of the said south lots, should yearly, and every year, on every twenty-fourth day of June, pay, or cause to be paid unto the said corporation, and their successors, at the ballast-office of the port of Dublin, for the time being, over and above the other rates and payments before made payable thereout by this act, the further and additional sum of two shillings sterling, for each and every foot which the said part of the said south lots, so in the possession of the said Edward Kent, and Nicholas Le Favre contains, until such time as the whole of the said sum so laid out in the flopping the aforesaid breach, should be fully paid in to the said corporation, or their successors, the first payment of the said additional or further yearly 1 1 N a fnm

972 Yhe thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

sum, to be made on the twenty-fourth day of June, then 1793- next: and whereas it was omitted by the said act, to charge ^laf‘ ffi* the said last mentioned part of the said fonth lots, with fcHiorcol- fees for colletSing and receiving the said additional yearly omitted: rate or sum of two Shillings per foot, for the fame: and

tot&Wamc whereas sufficient remedies have not been prescribed by the for enfmeh"1 i"a‘d a<^» for recovering or enforcing the payment of the payment, and fajj several rates and duties, and fees for collc&inz the

lcvetal of said

rates, &c. fame, by the said act charged as aforesaid, and several of paid,- the said rates, duties, and fees, which became due and payable under the said act, on the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, as well as those which became due and payable on the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-'three, Hill remain in arrear, and unpaid; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by lots in poiTcf t^ie autllority of the fame. That the aforesaid part of the Tion of EM said south lots, so in possession of the said Edward Kent, and Nicholas and Nicholas Le Favre, shall over and above the aforesaid fhalfbe' additional rate of two shillings per foot for the fame, be, and vSth8'1^' charged and chargeable with fees for collecting the said

cent f«s additional rate and duty, at the rate of five pounds per centum, to be computed upon each and every yearly sum which shall be so payable thereon for the said additional duty.

II. And in order fully and effectually to enable the said corporation to recover the aforesaid arrears of the said rates and duties, and additional duty and fees for collecting the fame, and also all the aforesaid rates and duties, and additional duty and fees which shall hereafter become due and Garpofation payable by virtue of, and under the said act; be it enacted, ^‘lanMnd '* shall and may from henceforth be lawful to and

duties unpaid f0r the said corporation to recover and enforce payment of

lo days after - . i

a* Junecvny all and every the aforesaid rates and duties, and additional siVbili'/or'by duty and fees so now in arrear and unpaid, and also all and

awns every the aforesaid rates and duties, and additional duty

and fees which shall hereafter become due and payable, in cate the fame or any of them, or any part of them, or of any of them shall be in arrear or unpaid for the space of

ten days next after the twenty-fourth day of June, in any

one

The thirty-third Year of George III.

one year, either by civil bill against the said Edward Kent, and Nicholas Le Favre, their heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, or the person or persons who shall be in possession of the ground, house, or prcniifes out of which such rates and duties, and additional duty and fees, or any of them, or any arrear or arrears thereof, now are or shall hereafter be payable, or upon which the fame arc charged or chargeable as aforesaid, under or by virtue of the said recited act of parliament, or to fuc such person or persons by action of debt, to be brought in any of his Majesty's courts of law, against such person or persons by and in the name of the said corporation or their successors, in which action it shall and may be lawful to and for the court in which the same shall be brought, and such court is hereby required to hold the defendant therein to special bail, upon a writ of capias to be i/iued out of such court for that purpose; provided such rates and duties, or any part thereof, /hall- amount to the fuin of ten pounds or upwards, such amount to be previously ascertained by the affidavit of the person who shall be or ad as ballast master of the port of Dublin for the time being, or it shall and may be lawful to and for the said corporation to recover all and every the aforesaid rates and duties so now in arrear'and unpaid,‘and also all and every the aforesaid rates and duties wdiich shall hereafter become due and payable as aforesaid, in case the same shall bc-.in arrear as aforesaid, by distress of the goods and chattels to be found in and upon such ground-, houses, and premises, or any of them, -out of which such arrear or arrears is or are; or /hall.bcidue as aforesaid, and for that purpose it shall- and may’be lawful to and' for any three, or more members of the said corporation of their successors, by warrant or warrants under their hands and seals, to authorize and empower any person1 or persons,; and such: person or persons is and are hereby authorized and empowered to enter into and upon such grounds, houses, and premises,i or any of -them,rout of which such arrears.as aforesaid;.'or any of them are, or is, or /hall,- or may be due; and to distrain for the fame, and - immediately-to fell and - dispose of the distress and distresses which, shall be then and there found, and out of the money arising.by " such sale, to pay and dif-ch'arge such arrear or arrears, and' all costs and charges attending the taking and felling of such distress or di/treffes;

Vol. XVI. n O and

defendant to be held !. bail, if talc/ amount to , 10l. by affidavit of baj-lall-juailcr \

corporation may recover by diffrcfi;

'S74

The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

arid in case no Sufficient distress or distresscs can or may .1793- be found therein, it shall and may be lawful to and for the "Paid corporation and their successors, or any three or if iiiartf'. lie more -of the members thereof, and they are hereby autho-

not fiifiicitfnt, J ' r

corf>t,rahoti rized and empowered after such notice given as herein after uiound, mentioned, absolutely to fell such ground,'houses, or pre-(loufcs, &c, , mjfCS] or any-, of them, out of which such arrear or arrears as- Sfordsaid, now is or are- or hereafter shall be due, and all the estate and interest of the person or persons'holding or occupying the Fame, either by himself or -his (undertenants or undertenant, to the highest and fairest bidders or bidder, by public cant, to "be held 'at the tholfel of the city of -eorr.oMiion Dublin; and the said corporation a-nd- their- successors -are 'such ground, hereby empowered by deed1 or deeds, under their common <haVen-Ur" f£ah :'to. convey nndraflign such-ground, houses,-on pretnifes, or any 6f -them, and all such - estate arid'interest as aforesaid, unto- such purchaser or purchasers, upon -payment ami

- in- consideration -of thefunvor forms of money which shall

arrears, in- ' befo bid . by such purchaser or purchasers, and the said corporation "and -their successors are hereby 'required "and etafclm°spur cmPowered out of thcvmoney arising-by-such safe or sales,

\ in-'the' first rpiace to pay and satisfy the arrear or arrears of '’the said-rates, 'duties,-and fees, which at the time or times of such fate -or - sales, shall be - due of owing <out of such - ground, houses, or pretnifes, '-or - any of them, which shall be so fold > with -legal' interest for 'such-arreaT' or arrears, ’.from the time or times the fame ought -to'be paid respectively as aforesaid, and the necessary eofts and charges-which shall

1 be; incurred in and about such sale, and after:payment and ,'ftfidireto faitisfadion thereof, the le’fidue'of the (.money rarifing from

; yrojinctor. fucri dale -or sales, if any such irefidne :there 'be, shall She paid to the person or persons-who ^.immediately before t such fade or sales shall be entitled to 'such -estate or interest as aforesaid, in such ground, houses, -.and premises, -or any of them as-foall' be so fold,

-Purctafers 'III- And 'be-it ionadsd, That -the-receipt or receipts of the said corporation,-or threcor moTe of the members thereof,

-rm «»«, on 1 fhr.Il be-, a‘.-fuffieien.tsdffcharge or sufficient discharges to the CC'Jll, flml purclsafer-or-purchasers of any such ground, houses, and -.wyla..Cl,n' iprem-ifeS'Cn fudi public cant, for the purchase -money so to ’be'paid by him,:her, or them respectively, and from arid -after ‘the -.payment thereof, and execution of such deed or deeds

The thirty-third Year of George III.

975

deeds of conveyance as aforesaid, such purchaser or purcha- A.D. fers, Ins, her, or their heirs, executors, administrators, and 1793’ assigns respectively, shall for ever thereafter hold and enjoy such houses, ground, and premises freed and discharged of and from all title, claim, and demand whatsoever, of every such person and persons whose estate and interest therein shall be so fold, his, her, -or their heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns, and of every other person or persons claiming by, from, or under him, her, or them.

IV. Provided always, That before any such sale shall be Notice of made as aforesaid, public notice thereof in writing under p'ud!,\i.c the hands of three or more of the members of the said

pulmllieu 3

corporation or their successors, shall be given by publickly times in Ga-pofiing up the fame in the Tholfel of the said city of Dub- before sale:' lin, and publishing such notice three times in the Dublin Gazette, at lead fourteen days before the day which shall be therein appointed for such sale.

V. And provided also, That if such person or persons tfaman, whose cflate or estates, interest or interests, shall be adver-

tired to.be sold as aforesaid, his, her, or their heirs, cxecu-

7 such sale shall

tors, administrators, or assigns, shall at any time before such notgooa. cant, fray off and -discharge all arrear of the said yearly rates and duties, and fees as shall be so due out of such ground, houses, and premises, which shall be so advertisecl to'be fold, together with legal interest for the fame, from the time the fame became due, to the time of such payment, and all expences of advertising as aforesaid, that then and in such case such sale shall not be proceeded upon,

:any ihing ‘herein contained to the contrary notwithstand-

ing.

VI. And provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall Corpmatioa be lawful for the said corporation to resort to and make use of any of the aforesaid remedies for recovery of such arrears rtm:li;C5t"r

J recovery ol

as aforesaid, of the said rates, duties, and receivers fees payable thereupon, as the said corporation and their succes-.fors shall think fit, and at their free will, choice, and election j and that it shall ticft be necessary for or incumbent corporation upon the said ’corporation or their successors, either by them-delves, or by any person whatsoever, to make any demand

of the said rates, duties, additional duty and fees or any able

J payarbaf-

of them, from any person or persons whatsoever, previous laii-office. to any of the aforesaid proceedings, for recovery thereof,

11 D .2 it

976 The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

it being hereby declared to be incumbent on tile several 1793* persons chargeable therewith to pay the same at the ballad office of the port of Dublin, to such person as shall be authorized by the said corporation, or their successors, under their common seal, to receive the same.

SuUsto l« VIf. And be it enacted, That in case any action or suit

u*UiTcJ whatsoever shall be brought or commenced against any per-months after son or persons for any matter or thing by him or them done or executed by virtue of or in pursuance' of this a<5, such action or suit shall be commenced within six months next after the alledged cause of such action or suit shall accrue, Jcftn.w and not afterwards, and the defendant or defendants in such eMKranffuJ1* a^'on’ may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereon, and that the fame was done in pursuance of and by authority of this act, and if the same shall appear to have been -so done, or if such action or suit shall not be brought defendant to within the time herein before limited, then the jury shall ci'iStfp'-ain. fmd for the defendant or defendants, and if the plaintiff uifhcnon- or plaintiffs in such action or suit shall be non-suited, or suffer a discontinuance thereof, or if a verdict shall pass against such plaintiff or plaintiffs, or if upon demurrer, judgment shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall have double' costs.

VIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid,. That

Corporation J

mavrr-ra- it shall and may be lawful to and for the said corporation fdvw aiici". to pay and reimburse themselves by and out of the first of uiSgthu’' ^1C rates’ duties, and revenues which they shall receive by "ft- virtue of this act, all such costs and expences as they shall be-put to in the obtaining of this act.

A p'iM'ck '^c further enacted by the authority nfore-

act. said. That this act shall be a public act, and shall be

deemed and taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and others in all courts and places without, pleading the same.

:she thirty-third Year of '- George III.

CHAP. i;v.

Jin Act for the Regulation of His MajeJij s Marine Forces, ichi/'e on Shore.

WHEREAS it may be expedient for His Majesty's service, that the marine '^pr«h forces now railing, or hereafter to be raised within this kingdom, should frequently be-quartered on shore, and it will be necessary that the fame should he subject to regulations established by law; be i: therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and‘consent -of the lords spiriruil and-temporal, and commons in this prefenrparliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the firfb day of July, one -thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, if any person being entered, or in pay as an-officer of marines, or who is -or shall be 'lifted, or in pay as a private 'man in any company of marines in -his Majesty's service, shall remain in such 'service, or during the continuance of this act, (halhbe-voluntarily entered, and in pay as a marine office?,

-or private man in his Majesty's service, and being ordered or employed in such service at any time during the continuance of this act, on shore in any place within the kingdom of Ireland, shall begin, excite,-cause, or-join-in any mutiny or fedi-tion, in the company to which he doth or shall belong, or in any other company, troop, or.regiment, either of marine or land, forces in his Majesty's fcrvrcc, or shall not use his utmost -endeavours to suppress-the fame, or coming to1 the'-knowledge of any such mutiny, -or intended mutiny, shall -net 'without delay, give information thereof to his commanding officer, or shall desert his Majesty's service, or being actually entered as a marine in.any company, -dial' lift himself in any other company, troop, or regiment m his Majesty's service, without first having a discharge in writingfrom-the officer*commanding in chief the company 'which he last served as a marine, or (hall-be found deeping upon hispost, or Hull lease it before relieved, or shall hold correspondence with any /rebel or enemy of lus Majesty, or give them advice or intelligence of any kind, by any ways or means, or in any manner whatsoever, -or shall treat with such-rebels or enemies, or enter into any condition with them -without his Majesty's liceufe, or liecnfc -of the lord lieutenant or other chief governor of Ireland, or shall strike, or use any violence against his superior officer, being in the execution of his office, -or shall -disobey any lawful command of his superior-officer, all and every person and persons so o(Tending in any or either of the matters before mentioned, on shore in any part of this kingdom, (hallfuffcr death, or such other punishment, as by a court martial shall be inflicted.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may ifrom time to time during the continuance of this act, be lawful to and for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor of Ireland for the time being, -to grant a commission under Iris hand, to any officer of marines in his Majesty's service, not under the degree of a field officer, for die holding a general -court-martial, at any jdaccor places on fttorc in this realm, in every of which courts-martial, nil or any of the offences aforesaid, and all or any of the offences herein after specified, shall be tried and proceeded against in such manner as by ‘this att i* directed.

III. And be it also enacted by the audiority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such other courts-martial ru-fpcclively, by their fenience or judg-

Yoi. XYL x i P 'men*-,

977

A.D. 1793.

9? S The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

went, to inflict corporal punishment, not extending to life or limb, on any marine, 1793* for immorality, misbehaviour, or negJedt of duty on Shore in any place or places Chap. JJ, within this realm, during the continuance of this act.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the rules and articles in a schedule to this act annexed, having been by experience proved beneficial, for the punishment of mutiny and deffrtLn, immorality, misbehaviour, and neglect of duty, in any of his Majesty's marine forces while on Shore, and for ‘bringing offenders against the same to justice, the fame shall at all times, during the continuance of this act, be, and are hereby made and established rules and articles for the better government of his Majesty's marine forces while on Shore in Ireland, with the fame authority and sanction with other parts of this act: provided always, that no person or persons mall be adjudged to fuSTer auy punishment extending to life or limb, by the ft id rules or articles, except for liich crime or ^crimes as is or are expressed to be so punishable by this act

V. And be it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That no general court martial which Shall have power to Sit by virtue of this act, Shall con-lift of a less number than thirteen, whereof none to be under the degree of a

xommission officer, and the president of such court-martial Shall not be under the degree of held officer of marines, unless where such field officer cannot be had, in which case the marine officer next in seniority to such field officer, not being under the degree of a captain, Shall preside at such court-martial; and that such court-martial Shall have power and authority, and are hereby required to administer an oath to every witness, in order to the examination or trial of any of the offences that Shall come before them.

VI. Provided always, That in all trials of offenders by general courts-martial, to :bc held by virtue of this act, every officer present at such trial before any proceedings be had thereupon, Shall take the following oaths upon the holy evangclifts, before the court and the judge advocate, or his deputy, who are hereby authorized to administer the same in these words, that is to say;

You fijall well a ml truly try and determine, according to the evidence which shall he given /; the matter now before you, between ourjovcrcign lord the King's Majesty, and the.prisoner to he tried. So help you God.

I A.B. do that I will duly administer justice, according to an act of parliament now in force, for the regulation of his Majesty's marineforces while on shore, and according to the rules and articles made in pursuance of the fold act of parliament, for the punishing of mutiny and desertim, and ether crimes therein respectively mentioned, without partiality, favour, or qffeftion; and if any doubt shall arise (which is net explained by the fad act of parliament, or the said rules and articles, J according to my confdence, the bcjl of viy understanding, and the cujlctn of war in like cases; and I further Jwcar, that I will not divulge the sentence of the court, until it shall be approved by the lord high admiral, or three or more of the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain 5 neither will I, upon any account, at any time whatfxver, dischfc or discover the vole or opinion of any particular member of the court marital, tirJcfs required to give r.ndena thereof as a witness, by a court of justice in a due courfi of law.

So help me God.

And so soon ns the said oaths Shall have been administered to the respective members, the president of the court is hereby authorized and required to administer to the judge advocate, or to the person officiating as such, an oath in the following words:

/A.B.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

970

I A.B. th fti'car, that I will mt upon any account, at any time whslfsever, ttijchje J)f

the vote or opinion cf any particular member cj the court-martial, unlcjs requireJ to give j -q ~ evidence thereof-as a witness, by a court cfjtf.ice, in a due course of law. Phan ' r

So help me Cod.

And no sentence of death shall be given against any offender by any such general court-martial as aforesaid, unless nine oilicers present fh.JI concur therein; and if there be more oilicers present than thirteen, then the judgment shall p:;f$ by the concurrence of two-thirds off the officers present, and no proceeding or trial shall be liad upon any offence, but between the hours of eight of the clock in the morning anti three iii die afternoon, except in cases which require an immediate example; provided always, that the party tried by any general court-mariijl to be held as aforesaid, shall be entided to a copy of the sentence and proceedings of such court-martial, upon demand thereof made by himself, or by any < ther person or persons on his behalf, he and they paying reafomthly for the fame, at any time not sooner than three months after such sentence, whether such sentence be approved or lot, any -thing in this a£V to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every judge advocate, or person officiating as such, at any general court-martial, to be held as aforesaid, do, and he is hereby required to transmic with as much expedition as the opportunity of time and distance of place cau admit, the original proceedings and sentence of such court-martial, to the iccretary of the admiralty for the time being, which original proceedings and fentcuce shall be by him carefully kept and preserved in the office of the admiralty of Great Britain, to the end that the persons entitled -thereto, may be euabled upon application to the said office, to obtain copies thereof, according to the true intent and meaning of this act.

VIII. Provided always, and be it hereby declared and enabled by the authority aforesaid, That no marine, either officer or private man, being acquitted or convicted of any offence at any such court-martial as aforesaid, shall be liable to be tried a second time by the fame, or any other court-martial for the fame offencej and that no sentence given by any court-martial, and signed by the prelident thereof, be liable to be reviled more than once.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if «ny officer or private man shall desert his Majesty's service, in any of his dominions beyond the fcas, or elsewhere beyond the seas, and shall escape and come into this realm of Ireland, before -he be tried by a court-martial for any such offence, and shall be apprehended for the fame, such officer or private man shall be tried for the fame, as if the fame offence had been committed within this realm j provided always, that nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be confirm'd to extend, to exempt any marine, cither officer or private man whatsoever while on shore, from being proceeded against by the ordinary course of law.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person or persons being acquitted or convicted of any capital crimes, violences, or offences, by the civil magistrate, shall be liable to be punished by a court-martial for the fame, otherwise than by cashiering.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any marine officer, non-commissioned officer, or private man, shall be accused of any capital crime, or of any violence or offence against the person, cflate, or property of any of his Majesty's subjects, which is punishable by the known laws of the land, the commanding officer or officers of every company or party is and are hereby required to use his and their utmost endeavours to deliver over such accused person to die civil magistrate, and shall also be aiding and aflifling to the officers of justice, in the seizing and apprehending such offender, in order to bring him to

I II P 2 trial j

gBo The 'thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

trial}'and "if. any -such commanding officer shall wilfully neglect, or rcfufc upofi 1793’ application, made to hfrn for that purpose, to deliver over any such accused person

!Chap. 55. to tiic civil magistrate, or to-be aiding and afGfling to the officers*of justice in the L*sj apprehending £iich offender, every such. officer so offending, and being thereof convicted before any two or more justices of the peace for the county where the fast ‘.is committed,.by the.oath of two credible witnesses, 'shall be‘-deemed and taken’to be ipso _^7^.cashiered, and shall be utterly -disabled to have or hold any-civil or milt-tary. office or employment within this kingdom, provided-the said conviction be Affirmed at the next quarter sessions- of the peace for the said county, and a certificate thereof beiransmitted.to the judge advocate, or person officiating as such, who is hereby.obliged to certify the fame. to the next court-martial.

XII. And whereas severalmarines, who being duly entered,-may afterwards de-' dert, and be found wandering, - or otherwise absenting themselves illegally from h

Majesty's service; -it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may.be lawful to and for the constableof the town or place where any person who may reasonably be suspected to be a deserter, shall be found to apprehend, or -cause him to be apprehended, and to cause such person to be brought before.-any justice of the peace, ’being in or near such town or place, who is hereby empowered and required to

examine such suspected,person; and if by his confeflioi), or the testimony of one or more witness or witnesses upon oath, or by the knowledge of such justice of the peace, it shall appear or he found that such suspected.person is a.marine duly entered, and ought to be with the company to-which he-belongs, such justice of the peace.shall forthwith cause him to -be conveyed to the gaol of the county or place V'hcrc he ffiaU.hc found, or to the houfie < of coitc&ioij, or other.pubJic.prison, in such town, or place where such deserter shall be.apprehended, and transmit an account thereof to the secretary of the lord-lieutenant, or other chief governor of tills kingdom for the time being, or to the secretary-of the.admiralty for the time being, to the end such person may bc procccded against according to law;, and the keeper

-of such gaol, house of correction, or prison,-shall receive - the full fubfiflcncc of such.deserter during the.thnc he.shall continue in his custody, for the maintenance of such deserter, but iliaJJ not be entitled to any fee or reward, on account of the imprisonment of any such deserter, any law, usage, or custoni, to the-contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And for the better encouragement of any person or persons to secure or apprehend such deserters, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such justice of the peace shall also issue his warrant In writing, to the collector of his Majesty's revenue for die county or diitrict where such deserter shall be apprehended, for paying out of all such public money as fl:all be in his hands, into the hands of such person or persons who Hull apprehend, or cause to.be apprehended any such deserter from his Majesty's service, the sum of twenty shillings for every such

deserter that shall be so apprehended and committed, which sum of twenty shillings ' shall be satisfied by such collector or collectors, to whom such warrant shall be tii-refiedj and.allowed upon his or their accounts.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person shall harbour, conceal, or assist any deserter from his Majesty's jtiurine service, knowing liim to be such, - the person so offending shall surfeit for every such oftener the sum of five pounds j cr if any person shall knowingly detain, buy, or exchange,

cr otherwise receive any arms, clo.uhs, cap.}, or other furniture belonging to the king, from any marine or.marine deserter, upon any account or pretence whatsoever, cr cause the colour of such cloaths to be changed, every such person so offending in each, any, or either of the cases aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of five pounds, and upon conviction by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any one or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace,

tlvc

The thirty-third Year of George III. y 31

the said respective penalties of fire pounds, and five pounds shall be levied, by way- A.D. rant under the hands of the said justice or justices of the peace, by distress and J1793* falc of the goods and chattels of the offender, one moiety of the said first men- Chap. J tioned penalty of five pounds, to be naid to the informer, by whole means such deserter shall be apprehended, and one moiety of the lufl mentioned penalty of five pounds, to be paid to the informer, and the refiduc of the said respective penalties, to be paid to the oilicer to v.-hom any such deserter or marine did or doth belong *, and in case any such offender who shall be convicted as aforesaid, of harbouring or assisting any such deserter or deserters, or having knowingly received any arms, clothes, enp3, or other furniture belonging to the king, or having enufed the colour of such clothes to be changed contrary to the intent of this act, shall not have sufficient goods and chattels whereon distress may he made, to the value of the penalties recovered against him for such offence, or shall not pay Inch penalties within four days after such conviction, then, and in such case such justice orjufliccs of the peace, shall and may by warrant under his or their hand and seal, or hand* and foals, either commit such offender to the common gaol, there to remain without hail or mainprise for the space of three months, or cause such offender to be pub-jickly whipped, at the discretion of fuel', justice or justices.

XV. And be it further emitted by the authority aforesaid, That this att and every thing herein contained, shall he and continue in fuil force from the said full day of July, one thousaiul Amen hundred ami ninety-three, until the first day of July, in the year of our Lord one thousaiul seven hundred and ninety-four.

>1VI. And to prevent as far as may be, any unjust or fraudulent anvils that m.H-be made upon marines, whereby his Majesty r.nd the publick may be deprived of their service*, be it further emitted by the authority aforesaid, That no person whatsoever who is entered, or shall enter himself as a volunteer in his Majesty's service as amarine, during the continuance of this att, shall be liable to be taken out of his Majesty's service, by any process or execution whatsoever, other than for some criminal matter, unless for a rcv.l debt or other just cause of action, and unless before the taking out of such process or execution, not being for any criminal matter, the plaintiff or plaintitKs therein, or some oilier person or persons m his or their behalf, shall make aflidavit before one or more judge or judges of the court out of which such‘process or execution shall iiTye, or before some person authorized to take affidavits in such courts, that to his or their knowledge, the original Ann justly due and owing to the plaintiff or plaintiffs from the defendant or defendants, in the action or cause of action on which such process shall ifiiicj cr the original debt for which such execution shall be iifiied out, amounts to the value of twenty pounds at lenft, over and above all colls of suit in the fame action, or in any other action on which the same shall be grounded, a memorandum of which oath shall be marked on the back of such process or writ, Ar which memorandum or oath no fee dull be taken j and if any person shall nevertheless; be arrested contrary to the intent of this att, it shall and may be lawful for one or more judge or judges of such court, upon complaint thereof made by the pai tv himself, or by any his superior officer, to examine into the fame, by the oath of the panics or otherwise, and by warrant under Ins or their hands and seals, to discharge such marine so arrested, contrary to the intent of tins att, without paying any fee or fees, upon due proof made before him or them, that such maiine so arrested was legally lifted as a marine in his Majesty's service, and arrested contrary to the intent of this attj and also to award lo the party so complaining, such tofts as such judge or judges shall think veafcnable, for the recovery wh'.reo! he shall have the like remedy that the person who takes out the salt; execution might have had for his cells, or the plaintiff in the like action might have had for the recovery of the cells in case jm'.g-You XVI. n

n.cnt

(j82

A.D. 1793. Chap. si-

The thirty-third Year of George III.

mcni had been given for bini, with cods ag.iinft the defendant in the uid r-tion,

XVII. And to the end that honed creditors, who atm only at the recovery of their just debts, due to them from persons entered as marines in Ins Majesty's L-r-vice, may not he hindered from suing for the tame, hut oil the contrary may be aftifted and forwaided in the*r fu'ts, ami in Stead of an arrest which may at oner hurt the lVrvire, and occasion a great cxncncc and delay to thenifdvcs, may be er-ahled to proceed in a more speedy and cheap method; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thar it Hull ?nd may he lawful to and for any plain till' or plaintiffs upon dne noiice fit ft given in writing of the cause of action, to futh person or persons so entered or left it his or their lad place of rdidence, before such entering to file a common appearance in any action, to he brought for or upon account of nnv debt whatsoever, so as to entitle futh plaintiff to proceed therein to judgment and outlawry, and to have an execution thereupon other than again!': the body or bodies of him or them so entered as aforesaid, this act or any thing herein, or any former law or feature to the contrary notwhMlanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted hv the ;-ut! orily aroref.fd. That from the puffing of tilts aiiV, no marine lieing aritJitd or confined for debt in any prison, ga.H, er other place, shall he entitled to any of.rt of his pay from the d;v of such artel! or confinement, until t.he day of his return to the regiment or company to which he Dull belong.

XIX. Provided nevertheless, and lie it hereby declared by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the lint day of July, one ti.oufand seven hundred and ninety-three, when and as often as any person or persons shall be enlisted as a marine or marines in his Majesty's service, he and they shall within four days, hut notfooner than twenty-four bout s after such cnliiling respectively, he carried before the next justice of the pence of any county, city, or place, or chief magistrate of any city or town corporate, not being an oilicer of marines, and before such justice or chief magistrate, lie or they shall be at liberty to declare his or their diflint to such en-lifting, and upon such declaration, and returning the enlisting money, and also each person so dissenting, paying die sum of twenty shillings for the charges expended or laid out upon him, such person or persons so enlisted, shall be forthwith discharged and let at liberty in the prefonce of such justice or cliicf magistrate $ but if such person or persons tl.all refuse or negletfl within the space of twenty-four hours, to return and pay such money as aforesaid, he or they shall be deemed and taken to lie enlisted, as if he or they had given his or their assent thereto, before the said justice or chief magistrate \ or if such person or pencils shall declare his or their having voluntarily enlisted himself or thenselves, then such justice or cliicf magistrate shall, and lie is hereby required forthwith to certify under his hand, that such person or persons is or are duly enlisted, setting forth the place of the bird), age, and calling oflnm or them respectively, if known; and that the fecund ami third sessions of the articles of war, for the better government of his Majesty's marine forces, while on thore, were read to him, and that he or they had taken the oath of fidelity mentioned in the eleventh fcclion of the said articles of war; and if any such person or persons so to be certified as duly enlisted, shall refute to take the said oath of fidelity before the said justice or chief magistrate, it shall and may be lawful for such oilicer from whom he has received such money as aforesaid, to detain or confine such person or persons, until he or they shall take the oath before required; and every officer cf marines that shall act contrary thereto, or cflend herein upon proof thereof, upon oath made by two witnesses before a general court martial to be thereupon called, shall for such offence be forthwith cashiered and difpinced from such his office, and shall he thereby utterly disabled to have or hold any civil or military office or employment within this kingdom.

The thirty-third Year of George III. 983

XX. And whereas it may be expedient in certain cars, particularly where a fuf- A« D. ficient number of marine officers c.tnnot be conveniently assembled, or in matters j 1793, wherein any of his Majesty's land forces may be interfiled, that officers of the land Chap. forces should be aifodared with the marine officers, for the purpose of holding courts- v,—-v*-*-' martial; be it enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That when and as often as it shall be necciTnw, it shall am! may be lawful for officers of the marine and land forces to fit in conjunction upon courts-martial, and to proceed in the trial of any marine officer or private man, in like manner to all intent > and purposes, as if such courts-martial were composed of marine officers only; and the officers of the marine and land forces, arc in such cases, to take rank according to the icniority of their commissions in either service.

RULES and ARTICLES fir the Regain!;'on of Hi,

M.rje/?/t Marin: Forees while on Shore.

SECTIO N I. llhwr mrjhtr,.

Article if. A LL marine officers and private men, not having just imneei-JTa. mem, shall diligently frequent diwno service and sermon, whenever they have opportunity, such as wilfully absent themi'elves, or being present, behave indecently or irreverently, shall, if commissioned officers, be brought before a court-manial, to be publickly ami levercly reprimanded by the president, if non-commissioned officers or private men, every person so offending, shall, for the first offence, forfeit twelve pence, tube deduced out of his next pay; for the fecoml offence he shall not only forfeit twelve pence, but lie laid in irons for twelve horns, and for every like offence, lie fijall suffer ami pay in the like manner; which money so forfeited shall be applied to the use of the sick marines of the company to which the offender belongs.

Article 2if. Whatsoever marine officer or private man, shall use any unlawful oath or execration, shall incur the penalties expressed in the first article.

Article 7,d. Whatsoever marine officer or private man, shall prefutne to speal: against any known article of the chrillian faith, shall be delivered over to the civil magistrate, to be proceeded against according to law.

Article 4th, Whatsoever marine officer or private man, shall profane any place dedicated to divine worflnp, or shall oiler violence to any minister of God's word, he shall be liable to such penalty or corporal punishment, as shall be inflicted on lum by a court-martial.

SEC T. II. Mutinu

Article if. Whatsoever officer or private man shall prefutne to use traitorous or difrefpcctful words against the faered person of Iris Majesty, or of any of his royal family, if a commissioned officer, he shall be cashiered; if a non-coimnilfioned officer or private man, he shall suffer such punishment as shall be inflicted upon him by the sentence of a court-martial.

Article hi. Any marine officer or private man, who shall behave Inmlelf with contempt or disrespect towards his superior officer, lie shall be punished according to the nature of his offence, by the judgment of a court-martial.

Article 3d. Any marine officer or private man, who shall begin to excite, cause, or join in any mutiny or sedition, in the company to which he belongs, or in any other company, troop, or regiment, either of marine or land forces, in his Majesty's 11 Q^2 lerviie,

584 27j(? thirty-third Year of George III.

A, X). Service, or 011 any party") post, detachment, or guard, on any pretence v/Jiatfon-cr,

1793. shall suffer dead), or such other punishment as by a court-martial shall be in-

Chap. J5- Med.

*- Article 4th. Any marine, non-commissioned officer, or private man, who being ^ircfent at any mutiny or (edition, docs not u(e his utmost endeavours to suppreis die fame, or coming to the knowledge of any mutiny, or intended mutiny, does not without delay give information thereof to his commanding officer, shall be punished by a court-martial with death or odierwife, according to the nature of the offence.

Article $th. Any marine officer or private man, who shall (trike his superior officer, or draw, or offer to draw, or shall lift up any weapon, or offer any violence ngainfl: him, being in the execution of his -office, on any pretence whatsoever, or shall disobey any lawful command of his superior officer, fii:<H fufier death, or such other punishment as shall according to the nature of his offence be iaili&ed upon bin* by the sentence of a court-martial.

SECT. III. Deserthu

Article i(I. All marine officers and private men, who having received pay, or having been duly enlisted in the service, shall be convicted of having deserted the fame, shall fuller death, or such other punishment as by a court-mania! shall be inflicted.

Article 2d. Any non-commissioned marine officer, or private man, who shall without leave from Ids commanding officer absent from his company, or from any detachment with which he shall be commanded, shall, upon being convicted thereof, be punished according to the nature of his offence, at the discretion of a court-

martial.

Article 3</. No non-commissioned marine officer or private man, shall enlilthim-self in any other company, or in any regiment or troop of his Majesty's land' forces, or enter as a seaman, without a regular discharge from the company in which he last served, on the 'penalty of being reputed a deserter, and suffer accordingly j and in case any officer shall knowingly receive and entertain such non-commissioned officer or private man, or shall not after lus being discovered to be a deserter, immediately confine him, and give notice thereof to the company in which he hit served, he the piid officer so offending, shall by a court-martial be cashiered.

Article 4th. Whatsoever marine officer or private man, shall be convicted of having advised or persuaded any other officer or soldier to desert his Majesty's service, shall suffer such punishment as shall be initialed upon him by the sentence of a court-martial.

SEC T. IV. Duties upon Guard, hi AR'm, &c.

Article i/f. Whatsoever contincl shall be found deeping upon his poll, or shall leave it before he shall be regularly relieved, shall suffer death, or such other pu-nishment as shall be inflicted by the sentence of a court-martial.

Article 2d. Whosoever shall be convicted of holding correspondence with, or giving intelligence to the enemy, either directly or indirectly, shall suffer death, or such punishment as by a court-martial shall be inflicted.

Article 3./. If any marine officer or private man, shall treat with any rebel of enemy, or enter into any condition with them, without his Majesty's license, or Ji-cense of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor of Ireland, or license of the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or commissioners of the admiralty, he shall suffer death, or such other punishment as by a court-martial shall be inffiCled.

6

Article

Tie thh ty-th'rd Year of George III.

Article j^lh. W’hosoever ih:\}} supply the enemy with money, vichwlj, or amnui-rdtlon, or shall knowingly harbour or prote& an enemy, shall sufficr death, cr such ocher punishment as shall by a court-martial be inflicted.

Article $ih. Whatsoever marine officer or private man, shall mifbeluve himself before the enemy, or shamefully abandon any pofl committed to his charge, or shall fpca’k words inducing others to do the like, shall AifTcr death.

Artiele 6th. "Whatever marine officer or private man, shall' misbehave himself before the enemy, and run away, or shamefully abandon any fort, pofl, cr gtinid, which he or they shall be commanded to defend, or (peak words inducing others to do the like, every such (’fender being duly convicted thereof, shall Lc rep u led a dlfcbcycr of military orders, and shall sufficr death, or such other punishment as by a general court-mania! shall be inficled on him.

Article ~/h. If any governor cr comniaxuiant of any ganlfrn, fertrefs, or pcfl, shall be compelled by the marine officers cr private men under his command, to give it up to the enemy, or to abandon It, the crmmlincncd officeis, ncn-commissioned officers, or private men, who shall be convicted of having so offended, shall fufier death., or such other punishment’as may be inflicted upon them by the fenlence of a court-nurtiai.

Article 8th. If any marine officer or private man, shall leave his post or colours to go in search of plunder, lie shall upon being convicted thereof before a general -court-marri:;!, fuller such punishment as by tile court-martial shall be inflicted.

Article i)th. Any person-belonging to the marines, who shall cad away his arms or ammunition, shall bcpunllhcd at the discretion of a general-court-martial.

Article icth. Anv marine officer or private man, who shall without urgent nc-ceflity, or without the leave of his superior officer, quit his platoon or division, shall be pilllifiicd according to the nature of ids offience, by the featence of a -court-martial.

Article 11th. Any person belonging to the marines, who shall make known the watch-word -to any person who is not entitled to receive it, according to the rule* arid discipline of war, or shall presume to given parole or v.-atch-uord di/lcrent from what he received, shall be nuuiffied a: the dilcrction of a general ccarl-mafti'al.

Article 12th. Whatever cor.imilTioned officer shall be found drunk on his guard,

- party, or other duty under arms, shall be-c.iffiiered for it 5 any non-comhiiffioned marine officer or private man, so offending, shall sufficr such corporal punishment as shall be inflicted by the feutence r-f a general-court-martial.

Article nth. A:! marine officers and private men are to behave themselves orderly in quarters, ?ml on their march, and whomever fl.all commit any waflc or spoil, either in walks of trees, park*, warrens, lish-nomls, houffis or gardens, corn field;, cnclosures, or m.v.dov. s, 0: fn.dl malicteufly dsilroy any property whatever belonging to r.nv of I.;.: hh.jesty's fub;uV> uiihffi by Order of the then commander in chief, to annoy rebels or otLu- enemies in turns ag.ains: his iM.ijc.liy, he or they that shall be -found guilty cf offending herein, shall, Iwfdcs such penalties as tliev arc liable lo by few, be pmiiffied according to the nature and degree of the.* offence, by the judgment cf a general court-martial.

Article \.\ih. No marine officer, non-commissioned officer, or private man, shall -fail of re pairing at the time fined, to the place of parade, of cetercifc, or ether ren- dezvous appointed by his commanding officer, if not prevented by fitkuefs, or fume other evident ntcdlity, cr fl :.ll go from the said place of rendezvous, or from his guard, without leave from Ids commanding officer, before he shall be regularly dif-miffied or relieved, on the penalty of being purdlhcd according to the nature of lus offence, by vlie lenience of a court-n..-.rt:.d.

Vol. iVI. r: R Article

98 A.D. 1793. Chap. s$.

O l

986 'The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

Article 15 lb. All non-commissioned marine officers and private men, who final!

179 3, be found one mile from their quarters, without leave in writing from7 their com-

-Chap. 55. manding officer, shall suffer such punishment as shall be inflicted upon them by tlte i—- sentence of a court-martial.

Article 16th. No officer or marine shall lie out of his quarters, without leave 'from his superior officer, upon penalty of being punished according to the nature of his offence, by the sentence of a court-martial.

Article 17th. Every non-commissioned marine officer and private man, shall retire to his quarters at the beating of the retreat, in default of which he shall be punished according to the nature of his offence, by the commanding officer.

Article 18lb. No marine shall hire another to do his duty for him, or be excused from duty, but in case of sickness, disability, or leave of absence; and every such marine found guilty of hiring for his duty, as also the party to do another’s duty, shall be punished as a court-martial shall think meet.

Article 1 )th. And every non-commissioned officer, conniving at such hiring of duty as aforesaid, shall be reduced for it; and every non-commissioned officer knowing and allowing of such ill practices in the service, shall be punished by the judgment of a court-martial.

Article *20th. Any person belonging to the marines, who by discharging of firearms, drawing of swords, beating drums, or by any other means whatsoever, shall occasion false alarms, either in quarters or when employed upon any duty, shall be punished at the discretion of a court-martial.

Article 21JI. Whatsoever commissioned officer shall be convicted before a general court-martial, of behaving in a scandalous, infamous manner, such as is unbecoming the chara£lcr of an officer and a gentleman, shall be discharged from his Majesty's service.

Article 22tl. No marine officer is ever to be absent from quarters, on account of private affairs, without leave of the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, nor is any one under the rank of a field officer, to make application for such leave in any other manner than through the commanding oii.ccr at quarters, who, when he acquaints the secretary of the said commissioners therewith, for their information, to give his opinion thereupon.

SECT. V. Quarters*

Article \Jl. The commanding officer of every company or detachment, shall, upon their first coming to any city, town, or village, where they are to remain in quarters, cause publick proclamation to be made, signifying that if the landlords or other inhabitants, suffer the non-commissioned officers or private men to contract debts beyond what their daily subsistence will answer, that such debts will not be discharged, he the said commanding officer shall, for refilling or neglecting so to do, be suspended for thrcc'months, during which time his whole pay shall be applied to the discharging such debts as shall have been contracted by the non-commissioned officers and private men under his command, beyond the amount of their daily subsistence, ‘if there be any overplus remaining, it may be returned to him.

Article 2d. If after publick proclamation to be made, the inhabitants shall, notwithstanding, suffer the non-commissioned officers and private men to contract debt; beyond what the money issued out, or to be issued out for their daily subsistence will answer, it will be at their own peril, the officers not being obliged to discharge the said debts.

Article 3./. Every officer commanding quarters, garrisons, or on a march, shall Jsccp good order, and to the utmost of his power redress all such abuses or disorders which may be committed by any officer or private man under his command, if upon 3 complaint

7’he thirty-third Year of George III. 9^7

complaint made to him of officers or private men beating or otherwise ill-treating A* D, their landlords, of disturbing fairs or markets* or of committing any kind of riots, 1793* to the disquieting of the people, he the said commander wl.o shall refuse or omit to Chap. 55. fee justice done on the offender or offenders, and reparation made to the party or ~ parties injured, as far as part of the offenders pay shall enable him or them, shall upon proof thereof, be puni;V:d by a general court-martial, as if he himself had committed tire crimes or disorders complained of.

SECT. VI. Of Stores-, &c.

Article \Jl. Whatsoever commissioned officer shall he convicted at a court-martial, of having fold, (without a proper order for that purpose.) embezzled, milnp-plied, or wilfully, or through neglect, fufilred any of his Ma;effy’s arms, clothing, ammunition, or other military (lores, to be spoiled or damaged, the said officer so offending, shall, at his own charge, make good die iofa or damage, and be dlfmiffed from his Majesty's service, and suffer such other penalty cr punishment as a court-martial shall inflict.

Article 2d- Whatsoever non-commissioned officer or private man shall be convicted at a court-martial, of having fold, or designedly, or through neglect waited the ammunition delivered out to him, to be employed in his Majesty's ferviie, shall suffer corporal punishment at the discretion of the court-martial, and if a non-commissioned officer, he shall moreover be reduced to a private centineh Article 3d, Every non-commissioned marine officer or private man, who shall be convicted at a 'court-martial, of having fold, loft, or spoiled through his neglect, his arms, clothes, or accoutrements, or any part of them, shall undergo such weekly stoppages, not exceeding the half of his pay, as a court-martial shall judge sufficient for repairing the loss or damage, and Hull suffer imprisonment, or such other corporal punishment as his crime shall defcire.

Article 4th. Every captain or commanding officer of a company is charged with arms, ammunition, accoutrements, clothing, or other warlike (lores belonging to the company under his command, which he is to be accountable for in case of their being loft, spoiled, or damaged, except by unavoidable accidents, or on actual service.

SECT. VII. Crime! punljhahh fry Course cf Law.

Article \ft- "Whenever any officer or private man, shall be accused of a capital crime, or having used violence, or committed any offence against the persons or property of his Majesty's subjects, such as is punishable by the known laws of the land, the commanding officer and officers of every company or party to which the person or persons so accused shall belong, are hereby required upon application duly made by, or in behalf of the party or parties injured, to use his utmost endeavours to deliver over such accused person or persons to the civil nwgiftfate, and Iikev/ife to be aiding and assisting to the officers of justice, in apprehending and securntg the person or persons so accused, in order to bring him or them to a trial, if any commanding officer or officers shall wilfully neglelfc, or shall refuse upon the application aforesaid, to deliver over such ? cufed person or persons to the civil magistrate, or to be aiding and assisting to the officers of justice, in apprehending such person or persons, the 0 liter or officers so onending shall he cast-iered.

Article z.L No officer fl ail prote£l any person from his creditors, on the pretence of his being a marine, nor any non-commissioned officer or private man, v.i.o does not actually do all duties as such, and no farther th »n i» allowed by the prefoit a£ of parliament, and according to the true intent and meaning of the said act, any officer offending herein, being convicted thereof before a court-martial shall be cafmered.

SEC T.

A.D. 1793.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

sect. vm. pjr.chiud.-jI.

A;h i/7, Whin ofiiecr shall happen to die, orbe killed \«

in ]<n ;:i:itncv, fiiaU jr»i:nc<fialcJv icciiiv ;*ii Ins elicctd or equipage Hum 121 camp or in qunuers, and Audi before the next comt-niartiai make an inventory thereof, to tliC ciiil that his cxccutots may, after payment of hi-i debts in quarters and inter-r.xnt, receive the overplus, if any be, to his or their use.

A-lick 2d. Whim any non-iommi.Tioued officer.or private man, shall happen to die or be killed in h;$ Majesty's service, the then commanding officer of the company, dial) in the r[ce]scuce of two other commissioned officers, take an account of whatever cflech he dies possessid of above his cloathing, arms, and accoutrements, which laid cflccls are to' be accounted for to his lawful heirs as is above directed.

S E C T. IX. 'Of £h/, in\!j and Challenge^ aminf rcdr<jjhsg IVvongt,

AiitAc \Jl. No marine officer or private man, shall use any reproachful or provoking speech.es orgeftures to another, upon pain, if an officer, of being put in ar-. rest/ if a private man of being imprifimed, and of asking pardon of the party of fended, in the presence o/.hii commanding officer.

yirftde 2if. No marine officer or private man‘Avail prefnmc to fend a challenge

to any other officer cr marine to light a duel, upon pain, if a commissioned officer, of being cashiered, if a non commissioned officer or private man, of"fullering, corporal puoiihmcnr, at the rfifcrceion of a conn-martial.

Art.e/e If any commissioned or non-commissioned marine o^ccr, commanding a guard, lli.tll willingly uni knowingly fu/Ter any pci ion whatsoever to go' forfli to light a duel,’lie YhaH he punfffied as 21 challenger, and fikewife all seconds, pre-motcri, am! carriers of challenges, in order to duels,' ihaJI bc deemed as a principal, :md be punched accordingly.

A. thi? jf:h. All beers of what condition soever, have power top,rrt -am! quell - till quarrels, frays,: m! eulerdtrs, though the personss concerned iffiouh! belong to'.mother company, and either to order officers'into arrdft, or non-commissionui -officci» or private men* to prison, until their proper superior officers shall be acquainted therewith, ami whosoever shall refute to obey such officer, (though of inferior rank) or Audi draw lus sword upon him. shall be punched ar the AHVrctio:i of a general court martial.

slrride $lh, ‘WVi.ttsoever marine officer or private-man -shall upbraid another for having refused a challenge, shall hhv.fcif be punished as a challenger, and his Eta-jesty acquits and difclurgcs all mx'uij officers and prhare men of any disgrace cr opinion of dif.uivav.tage which might a vile from their having, refund to accept of

challenges, as they will have only ailed in obedience ro.order?, and dene their defy as good foMiersuho subject tiiemselves to dilciplinc.

Allude 6th, If any officer shall think himself to be wronged by the commending officer, at the head 'quarters, and shall upon due application made to him, be refined to be vesselTed, he may complain to the lord high admiral, or commitlicjiers of the admiralty, who will caafc the complaint to be examined into, and give fudi dircifrion r he;citsum as shall appear to be fitting.

Aru,!-: y/A, If any inferior officer or private man flsall think himself wronged by Ws.t.q:. tin O’* other officer commanding the company to winch die belongs, he is to co’Jrph.in ;ic u)f to the comma uling officer, nt the head quarters, who is hereby j-.q m ummen a coun-marti.:! Lr the doing jldlice* to the compl.ihiant, but if f-i: 'vmyhinr ih i> npp var to be vexatious and groumlless, the perfim complaining ‘ ffi 1 :;i; :he d;.\ration of the said couit-nartitJ.

-s 2'c t.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

SECT. X. Rmk of Off,cm. A.D.

Article \J). All marine officers shall rani ami ilo duty among themselves accord- ri 1793’ jug to their commissions in the marine service, for the degrees they respectively pof- , SS* fefsj when concerned with land forces, they are to rank and do duty according to their first commissions in either service.

Article id. Ail commissions granted by his Majesty, to officers of his marine forces, shall be entered in the hooks of his Majesty's secretary at war, in order to their taking rank in his Majesty's land forces, agreeable to their quality and the dates of the said commissions.

SEC T. XI. Of enlijling and discharging Marines.

Article ijl- Krery non-commissioned officer ami private man who shall enlist him-ielf in his Majesty's marine service, shall at the time of his so enlisting, or within four days afterwards, have the articles against mutiny and desertion read to him, and shall by the officer who enlisted him, or by the commanding officer of the company into which lie was enlisted, be taken before the next justice of the peace, or chief magistrate of any city or town corporate, (not being an officer of the army) and in his presence shall take the following oath:

1/wear to he true to our sovereign lord King George, and to ferae him lovcJUy and faithfully in defence of his persons, crown, and dignity, against all his enemies oroppfers tvhalfotver, and to observe and sher his Majesty's orders, and the orders of the officers set over me by his Majesty, which justice or magistrate is to give to the officer a certiorate, signifying that the Man enlijled did take the said oath, and that the articles of war were read to him according to the ael of parliament.

Article 2(1. After a non-commissioned marine officer or private man shall have been duly enlisted and sworn, lie shall not be dilinifted his Majesty's service, without a discharge in writing, which Hull not be allowed of as fulficjcnt, unlef» signeJ by a field officer, and no such discharge shall he granted after a non-commissioned officer or private man shall have been viewed and approved of by a field officer, without an order from the lord high admiral, or lords commissioners of the admiralty.

SEC T. XII. Mujlers.

Article ifl. The commanding field officer at each of the head quarters, may give furloughs to non-commissioned marine officers and private men, when his Majesty's service will admit of it, and for such time as may not be inconsistent with the good of the said service, but lie is ilriftly charged to be as sparing as possible in the exercise of this liberty.

Article id. At every muster, the commanding field officer shall give to the clerk of the check, certificates signed by himself, how Jong such officers who shall not appear at the said muster have been absent, and the reason of their absence, in like manner the commanding field officer shall also give certificates, signifying the reasons of the absence of the non-conintiflioned officers and private men who shall not appear, and how leug they have been absent, which reasons and times of absence are to be kept in the clerk of the chccks-oftiec.

Article 3d. Every officer who shall be convicted before a general-court-martial, of having signed a false certificate, relating to the absence of either officer or private marine, shall be cashiered.

Article afh. Every officer upon his repairing to the head quarters the first time after fits receiving a commission, or if lie be at head quarters when h< receives it, i>

VOL. XVI. 11 fi U*

The thirty-third Year of Qtoxgt III.

to produce the same as soon as may be to the aforesaid clerk of the check, ' in order to his being entered accordingly upon the muster-roll, ami whenever a iion-commissioned officer is appointed, he is to appear before the clerk of the check for the fame purpose; and also when any recruit arrives at the head quarters, lie is to be carried before the said clerk of the check, together with the certificate of the magistrate before whom he was enlisted, In order to his being entered upon the multer rolls, from the date of such certificate.

Article $lh. . Any officer who shall presume to offer any person to be mustered as a marine, who is at other times accustomed to wear a livery, or who does not ac-: tually do his duty as a marine, shall upon being convicted thereof before a general- court-martial be cashiered.

'Article 6th. The commanding officer at each of- the head quarters, is to transrcit: to the secretary of the admiralty every week, an cxntt return of the state of the marines of his division on ffiorc, and if any officer shall knowingly, make, a false return, he shall be c&fhiered by a court-martial.

'*S E C T. XIII. Administratisn cf Justice.

Article ijl, ‘A general-court-martial shall not consist of less than thirteen commissioned officers, and the prefulent of such court-martial, shall not be under the degree of a field officer, unless where such field officer cannot be had, in which case the marine officer, next in seniority to such field-officer, not being under, the degree of a cjiptain, shall presideatfach court-martial.

Article id* ’AVhcnever it happens that marine officers shall fit upon courts-martial, in conjunction with the officers of his Majesty's land forces, the marine officers are in such cases to rank with :ihe officers of the land forces, according to the feni-ority of their commissions-in either'fenice, the judge advocate or his deputy, shall prosecute in his Majesty's name, and in all trials of offenders by general-courts-mar-tial, administer to each member the following oaths:

Xgu shall well and truly try and determine according to the evidence which shall he given in tin matter now before you, between ourfivereign lord the Kings Majesty, and the prifioner to be tried.

1 A.B. do fiuear9 that I will duly euhniniflerjufiice, according to an all of parliament now in force, fir the regulation of his Majests marine forces while on Jbcrc, and according to the rules-and articles made in pursuance of the said ati ifparliament, fir the punishment of mutiny and desertion, and other crimes therein respectively mentioned, without partiality, favour, or affection; and if any doubt shall arise (which is not explained by the find act of parliament, or the said rules and articles, J according to my confidence, the befi of my unierfianding, and the custom of war in the like cases; and I do further swear, that I will not divulge the ficnience of the court, until it shall be approved by the lord high admiral, or three or more f the tmuiissioners fir executing the office of lord

high admiral of Great Britain; neither-will I, upon any account, at any time whatsoever, disclose or discover the vote or opinion of any particular member of the court

martial, unless required to give evidence thereof as a witness, by a court cf justice in a - due cottrfe of law.

And so soon as the said oaths shall have been ndministered to die respe£Hvc members, the president of the court shall administer to the judge advocate, or the person officiating as such, an oath in the following words:

I A.B. do swear, that I will not, upon any account, at any time whatsoever, difielfe or discover the vote or opinion of any particular member of the court-martial, unless required

The thirty-third Year of George III.

guired h give evidence thereof r.s a ly a

Uw.

"f m a (‘l,f ftwfi of

Article 3d. All the members of a court martial are to behave with decency, and in the giving of their votes are to begin with the veungeft.

Article 4th. All persons who give e\ ider.ee bclera a general-court-martial, are to be examined upon oath, nor Avail any fcnrvncc of death be given atrainst any ouen-tier by any general-court-niaTti.il, v.nU-is nine officers prefcm shall concur therein, and if there bc-more than thirteen, then the judgment Hull pafc by the concurrence of two-thirds of the officers present.

Article §th> No held officer shall be tried by any person under the degree of a captain; nor shall any proceedings or trials be carried on excepting between the hours of eight in the morning and cf three in the afternoon, except in cases which require an immediate example.

Article 6th. No sentence of a general-court-martial shall be put in execution, until after a report shall be made of the whole proceedings to the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor of this kingdom, and to the lord high admiral, or commis-.fionrrs for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, for the time being, and his directions be signified thereupon.

Article jth. The commissioned officers of marines, at each of the marine head quarters, and likewise the commissioned officers of any detachment of marines, at any other place on shore, may by the appointment of their commanding officer, hold courts-martial for the enquiring into such disputes or criminal matters, as may come before them, and for the inflicting corporal puntfliments for small offences, and give judgment by the majority of voices, but no sentence Audi be executed until the commanding officer (not being a member of the court-martial) shall have confirmed the fame, no such court-martial shall coufift of less than five officers, except in cases where that number cannot be conveniently assembled, when three -may be sufficient.

Article 8th% No commissioned marine officer shall be cafiiiered or difinifled from his Majesty's service, excepting by an order from his Majesty, or by the sentence of a general-court-martial, approved by the lord high admiral, but non-commissioned officers may bedischargedas private men, and may by the order of a commanding field officer be*reduced to private centincls.

Article ^th. No person whatsoever shall uffi menacing words, signs, or geftures, in the presence of a court-martial then fitting, or shall enufe any disorder or riot, so as to disturb their proceedings, under the penalty of being putiiflied at the dil-.cretion of the said court-martial.

Article io//;. To the end that offenders may be brought to'justice, we do hereby direct, tlict whenever any marine officer or private man shall commit a crime deserving punishment, he shall by his commandant, if an officer, be put in arrest, if a non-commissioned officer or private man be imprisoned until he shall be either tried by 2 court-martial, or Avail be lawfully discharged by a proper authority.

Article ii//;. No marine officer or private man, put in arrest or imprisoned, shall continue in his confinement more than eight days, or until such time as a -court martial can be conveniently assembled.

Article nth. No officer commanding a guard, or piovofi. martial, shall refuse to receive or keep any prisonor committed to his charge, by any officer belonging to any of his Majesty's marine forces, which officer shall at the same time deliver an account in writing signed by himself of the crime with which the said prisoner it charged.

l

t

II S 2

Article

992 The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

Article \yh. No officer commanding a guard, or proved martin!, shall presume I79to release any prisoner committed to his charge without proper authority Ter so L-—^ doing, nor flmll lie fufli'r any prisoner to escape under the penalty of being punished for it by the sentence of a court martial.

Article 14//'. Every officer or proved martial to whose charge prisoners shall be committei!, is hereby required within twenty*four hours after fm.h commitment, or as soon as he shall he relieved from his guard, to give in writing to the commanding officer, their names, their crimes, and the names of the officers who committed them, oil the penalty of his being punished for his disobedicncc or neglect at the difmtion of a court martial.

Article 1 \i!.\ Ami if any officer under arroffc shall leave his confinement before lie is let at liberty by the officer who confined him, or by a iuperior power, he shall be cashiered for it.

Article \()tl'. No marine officer or private man shall be tried or punished for any offence committed more than three years before issuing the warrant for such trial, except only in cases of desertion.

Article 17//. All crimes, not capital, and all disorders and neglecU which marine officers and private men may he guilty of, to the prejudice of good order and military uifeiplinc, {though not mentioned in the foregoing articles,) are to be taken cognizance of by a court martial, and to be punished at their difcrctson.

SECT. XIV. Relating to the aforesaid Articles.

'rite foregoing articles are to be read and published once in every month, at the head of the marine companies, when assembled to be muttered.

CHAP. LVI.

An Act respecting the Collection of Pullick Money, to be levied in the County of the City of Dublin, by Preferment.

WHEREAS very- large arrears of money presented by tile different grand juries of the county of the city of Dublin, to be levied off the inhabitants of the several pa-riflies in the said city have accrued, and arc still due, by which means the creditors of the publick money to be presented off the county of the city of Dublin, are delayed in the payment of the money julitly due to them, and the publick are thereby much injured: And whereas it has been found by experience, that the acts now existing for the collecting of the publick money, are inadequate for the purposes for which they were intended; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament1 assembled, and by the 6 authority

The thirty-third Year of George III.

authority of the same, That two several acts of parliament made in this kingdom, the first, entitled, An act for making and amending publick roads in the county of Dublin, and for the regulating, app/otting, and levying of money in the county of the city-of Dublin, and the second, entitled, An act for the more effectually collecting of the publick money, to be raised by presentment within the county of the city of Dublin, and also for more effectually repairing the roads within the county of the said city, and the liberties thereof; and paised in the tvrenty-sixth year of his present Majesty, so far as they respedi vely relate to the county of the city of Dublin, be, and the same are hereby repealed; provided nevertheless, that all acts, matters and things, done and executed, or now doing and executing by virtue of said recited acts, shall not be prejudiced, impeded or avoided by the repeal of said acts, but such acts, matters and things, shall be continued and completed by virtue of the authority of this statute.

II. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this act, the -grand jury of the court of king’s bench, impanelled and sworn for the said county of the said city of Dublin, shall, and they are hereby empowered and re-.quired at Michaelmas term in every third year, or oftener, if necessary, to lake an exact account of the roinifter’s money, chargeable upon the several inhabitants of this city, in their several inhabitants of this city, in their several parishes, and from thence to form a table of applotment of the proportion which every parish bears to the others; and when so regulated, shall, if they think proper, present the same as a regular and fit table for applotting the publick money, which when so formed and presented, shall be, and is hereby appointed a table for applotting the publick money, and shall he printed and published as such.

III. And the better to enable the said grand jury to form such table of applotment, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That within ten days after the passing of this act, and as often at any subsequent time as the said term grand jury shall direct, the treasurer of the publick money shall give notice in writing, directed to the minister and churchwardens of the respective parirties in the county of the said city, desiring him or them to return to the said treasurer, an exact account of the gross sum of minister’s money, payable by the inhabitants of each and every such parish; such

' Chap.

King’s bvnek I’Msul jury Co take <m account of mmiilcr* money, n* tn;

a table to he formed#

Within days after ptifn.iy tills act, and aj often as directed trci-

furertu give notice t»> ml* hijlmami church wardens to rc-lii'ti aitco,mis within ia djy;.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

994

A.D.

return to be made to the said treasurer within ten days 1793- from t'he, time of such notice being; delivered j and to be ve-Tified by-affidavit of the church wardens, or one of them, orof the vestry elenk of such parishes; and that in case the affidavit «f said minister and -church-wardens shall refuse or negictl to den, or clerk,-’make such return, arid in case said church-wardens and vef-diuich'war- try-clerk shall fail or refuse to make such return and affida-",. 'lcrlt'vit, it shall be lawful for the justices of the kings bench, may be lined--to fine: them, or any of them, any sum not exceeding fifty s°*’ r pounds each,' for every such refusal or omission.

Wiibin io

Alert'd treafaror of the publick money of the said city, shall, with-

Micliadrcins ;.{n term, tiea-

fnrennar- year, by the said table, a-pplot and assess on the several pa-fald'!tsl,l|e;l>y rishes in the said’city, and county of the said city, such publick money as shall' from time to time be presented to be raised by the several grand juries of the court of krngLs bench, or of the-.quarter-sessions to be held'in and for the said . nppintrrrn:, county of the said city, and insert in warrants the said ap-meni’s'insert- plotinent and assessment, and the uses.for which they are re-fnrt"'r 'speclively raifccl-; which warrants the said lord mayor of lord mayor the said cl ty is hereby empowered and required to lign and -diri-ct, and . dried, arid Jcaufo the same to be delivered to the church-rmutobc wardens of the several parishes of the said city, as hath been

IV. And! be- it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That the rafaror of the publick money- of the said- city, shall, within ten days after every Enfler and Michaelmas term-in every

from time-immemorial accuftonicd.

delivered to chinch*

waidcm. y. And be -it cnadctl by the authority aforesaid, That the minister, church-warden, and church-wardens, of the h'pafir said parishes of the said city, shall, and are hereby required

receipt of within fourteen -days after the receipt of such warrants in the

proportion! usual manner, to convene, a-vestry of the inhabitants of their folvuit Sa- respective parifl-ies, and to applot and assess upon the several l.ntxis. solvent inhabitants of the respective parifl-ies, their respective: proportion of the said publick money, and they are hereby riircQed to applot and assess the fame within the time afore-fS'"’ 'fa*d i and-in case the niiriifter,-church-warden, or parishioners vaiJcnsor of'such parifl; shall refiifo or omit to assemble after-such no-o-! vUnc -is -tice. given by the treasurer as aforesaid, or when assembled b7ffi"d"j-l shall neg-Icdt or refuse to applot within the time herein before limited, the proportion which suchparish is to'bear of the publick money, upon the several solvent inhabitants of such parish, or shall negleift or refuse to comply with, -or carry into

The thirty-third Year of George III. ggj

into execution any requifuion which may be made to them A.D. by any grand jury or grand juries pnrfnnnt to this act, for the purpose of applotting on, and aiding in the coilcfting the publick money, to be levied oft the parities, it shall and may be lawful for the said judges of his Majesty's court of 'king’s bench, in the manner herein before mentioned, to fine such -minister, church-warden, or pariiliioriers of such parish, in any sum not exceeding one hundred pounds; and pronl.forte-for the levying and collecting the fines imposed by this act, jo'Ii.n" u-’ 'tile nrocefs of the said court of king’s bench shall issue as oc- llcl'

r S' hues t«i blue-

casion shall require, and which said fine when raised or paid, coM-lwipiul. shall go and be applied towards the support of the blue-coat-hospital.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, N‘>'iccor That when and so often as publick money shall be ap- Kiivent plotted and afiefled by any vcljry or vestrics, upon the several solvent inhabitants of any parish, under and by virtue of this act, the ehuroll-wardens of such parish shall, within ^dm>, ml. six days after such applotment, give notice thereof in wri- pwtmna, pc-ting to' the treasurer of the publick money of the said city, and shall return to the said treasurer a true copy of the ap-;plotment so made'by them on the respective inhabitants of 'laid respective parishes, or in default thereof, such churchwardens shall be fined in manner herein before prescribed, in a film not exceeding one hundred pounds, to be applied in: manner aforesaid.

VII. And for the further, better, and more effectually: collecting the money presented by the several grand juries of ‘the city of Dublin, at the several times when they are by

law enabled to present the fame, be it enacted by the au- fler of thority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this act, the said church-wardens shall not diicct or appoint any dor-not a, person or persons whatsoever to collcfl all or any part of the ihlmfof 'said publick money so as iiforesaid presented, or to he pre- JJey?'.in,i"’'>" 'fented, nor shall any sum or Aims of money whatsoever be raised for or paid unto such collector or collectors, for col- --Ie61ing any such money; and that from thenceforth all di-rcdlions, powers, and authorities given for those respective purposes to said church-wardens or their collectors, by any act or acts of parliament heretofore puffed in this kingdom, shall determine and utterly cc:fe; and that it shall and may grand jiry be lawful to and for the said grand jury of the said county "jj,!’*', 11 T 2 ofcolka'

collectors to

enter into a recognizance for each pa-*ilh, before ifie lord mayor.;

996 T)he thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

of the said city of Dublin, at any of the terms, to present ^o' and appoint four or more proper and fuSicient persons to collect! the money presented to be raised upon and within the county of the said city, by the several term and quarter am!tofpccify fclfi0ns grand juries therein; and to specifv the several pa-.shall scl, A'c. riflies in which such collectors are to act respectively, and which collators are to be respectively removeable, and new ones appointed removeable as aforesaid, by the fame or any future term grand jury, at their will and pleasure, and by presentment as aforesaid; but it shall not be lawful for the treasurer of the publick money of the said city, to deliver any warrant to empower such person to collect, until he shall have entered into one or more recognizances, according to the number of parishes, the publick money of which such person shall be appointed to collect!, that is to say, one recognizance for each parish, which recognizances shall be entered into before the lord mayor of the city of Dublin, or his Locum Tenens for the time being, who is hereby authorized 'cognizances and empowered to take the lame; and which recognizances

tobearknow- , 0

are to be acknowledged to the treasurer of the publick money of the said city, and to his successors, treasurers of the publick money of said city; said collector to be bound in five hundred pounds, and two sufficient securities, to be approved of-by the grand jury., in two hundred and fifty pounds each, conditioned that he will, to the ulmost of his power, coiled! the publick money presented to be levied, and do

c.vcrj' thing that by this acts collectors arc required to do, and that he will from time to time account with, and pay to the treasurer of the publick money of the county of the said city, as required by this act, all such sums as he shall collect! of the publick money; and that he will, four days at the least before the cfloin day of each Easter and Michaelmas term (if not prevented by sickness) close the account of his warrant, and that he will then deliver to the treasurer the warrant, and all the original applotments, together with a list of the defaulters of that warrant, and an account verified by affidavit, sworn before one of the magistrates of flic county of the said city, of all the furas he received under such warrant, and also of all the furas he had received on account of arrears remaining unpaid of any former warrants, distinguishing the sums by him received on account of each respective parish, and that after the treasurer shall J have

ledged to treasurer;

cnlleftor 'bound in 500l. and two furdies 25c!. <Rch, condi* 'tioticil as ibciem;

The thirty-third Year of George III.

have given credit to him in the account for such arrears, and

997

A.D.

for all sums that he shall have from time to time paid on 1793

account of that warrant, or of any arrears of any former

warrant which he may have collected in pursuance of this act, he will then pay to the treasurer the ballance; and r»osms«nca

every such recognizance shall be deposited in the town clerks town clerks

office of the said city, there to be kept amongst the records

of the said city; provided always, that no person acting as mllraornot

lo bt; a grauj

collector under this act, shall be eligible as a grand juror. juior.

VIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ircnileaor if any collector shall demand or receive from any person, any t-fUrday" sum of money under the colour of such warrant or warrants, d,rcfie<110

return war-

after the day he is directed to return it, or them, to the ram, Ik ikalt treasurer, and shall be -convicted thereof upon indictment in incapable, the court of king’s bench or commission of oyer and ter-miner, he shall be rendered incapable of being a collector funment> for ever after, and shall suffer impri'fonment in the gaol belonging to the said city, for any time not exceeding one yeaT.

IX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it Grant jury-shall be lawful for the grand jury, at every Easter and Mi- Is. par I. to ^chaelmas term, to present as wages for each collector, any provided’lie

sum not exceeding one shilling for every pound, that it shall appear by the certificate of the treasurer, that such collector had collected and paid to the said treasurer since the last presenting term; provided that if any collector shall appear to the grand jury to have neglected flridlly to perform all and every thing that by this act the collectors are directed to do, then and in that case it shall not be lawful for the said grand jury to present any sum or wages for such collector, for having collected and paid in any part of the amount of that warrant, any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And provided always, That if any collector shall happen If collector to die, abscond, become bankrupt or insolvent, or by any rcon’iSl he. accident be rendered incapable of collecting and account-

ine with the treasurer for the amount of the warrant deli- "jp1'1'of

3 cnllefhng,

vered to him, the sureties for such collector shall be deem- fnr«!« to ed to Hand in the place of such collector, so far as to pia'«;'" complete the collecting and accounting with the treasurer for the amount of the warrant originally delivered to such collector or his sureties; and every such collector

Vol. XVI. ii U or

998

A.D. 1793. Chap. 56.

collc&nt nr forctics may appoint affillants, for whom accountable, distress may be taken without filewing warrant.

Pariflt constables to affish if required. penalty 20l.

1 moiety to informer, the other to the poor.

Persons clotted cun-Uables, v/lio neglect for 10 days to be I'worn in, foifcil 10l.

\V'tliin 10

dr.yt- after lunch vtttr-deiii have «le-Jive/cd notice

of sums ?p ()h>ttrd, to tuMlittei,

and copy of appldtn.cuu.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

or his sureties, as the case may be, are and shall be empowered by writing under their hand and seal, to appoint one or more persons to assist and collect as deputy collector, for whom they shall be accountable; provided that it shall and may be lawful for any collector or any deputy, or assisting constable, to take any distress without filewing, if demanded, the warrant of the treasurer, and the applotment made pursuant to this act.

XI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several constables of the said parishes respectively, are hereby required to aid and assist such person or persons in collecting the money so to be applotted; and in case any such constable, on being thereto required, shall refuse to aid the person or persons so appointed to collect the said money, every such constable so refusing, shall, upon conviction by the oath of two credible witnesses, before any two justices of the peace of the county of the city of Dublin, forfeit for every such offence, a sum not exceeding ten pounds, to be levied, together with the charges incurred in such prosecution, by distress and sale of the goods of the offender, by the warrant of any two such justices of the peace of the county of the city of Dublin aforesaid; one moiety whereof shall be paid to the informer or informers, and the other moiety to the poor of the parish in which such offence shall have been committed.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any constable or sub-constable, or other person appointed to act as such, in any of the parishes in the said city, who shall be clected in the usual manner, at any vestry to be held in any parish in the said county of the city of Dublin, in manner accustomed, and who shall within ten days after such election, neglect or refuse to have himself sworn in as by law established, such constable, sub-constable, or other person appointed to act as such, shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered, levied, and applied in manner aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That within ten days after the several church-wardens of the said respective parishes in the said city, shall have delivered to the said treasurer, notice in writing of the respective Anns applotted by them on their respective-parishes, and also a copy of the ap-plotment so made by them on the several inhabitants of the

The thirty-third Year of George III. 999

said parishes, the said lord mayor shall, at the instance of A.D. the said treasurer, ilTuc his warrants, in manner herein after ^1793* directed, to the several collectors, to be appointed in pursuance of this act: which warrant or warrants shall continue in I"1'1

iliue w.uranU

full force until the whole of the sum or Aims therein mentioned shall have been collcded, and shall set forth the Aims <ip- ill l<)rfr miri!

plotted on the respective parishes-, and any uncolledled arrears ail c"l,'1'Icd’

r 1 1 /l r . uncnllcOcd

of the lait or any former warrant or warrants, which arrears, nr, car, My be

if any, the said church-wardens are hereby empowered to rc- amTwMedcil;

applot, and the said collectors to levy and collect, and also

the original applotments or copies thereof, as returned by the several church-wardens; and every such collector to coMomo

whom such warrant or warrants shall be delivered, shall, iin- I’Xa imrac-

mediately after the same shall have been delivered to him

them as herein directed, proceed to levy and collect, and shall immediately levy and collect the sums mentioned in

such warrants or warrant, of and from the inhabitants of the respective parishes mentioned in fuel) applotments.

XIV. And it is also further enacted, That every such col- Collectors m

J pay numry

le&or, mall, on the second Saturday in every Month, or on icccivcdto the Friday before, in case such Saturday shall be a bank ho- , K3mooili, liday, or oftener, if thereto required by the treasurer, be- " tween the hours of ten and twelve o’clock of said day, during "-"v

' J 0 Uhc--:osi*

the time that such warrant shall continue in his possession, hulpnd. pay to the treasurer all such Aim and Aims of money as he shall have received by virtue of his oflice of collector, and the said treasurer is hereby required to give his receipt in writing to such collector for such sums; and if such collector or collectors shall omit or tefufe to comply therewith, he or his sureties shall for every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds sterling, to be recovered in a fimimary way, on complaint to the court of king’s bench, and to be paid to the blue-coat-hospital, as herein before mentioned.

XV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Coiictw

v_awy levy by

all persons empowered hereby to levy and collect publick iifiief. »i money in the county of the said city, shall and may be cm- ' powered by the warrant herein after directed, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of all such persons who shall refnfc to pay their proportion thereof, to levy the same, and after the sale of such distress to retain the money which the said persons ought to pay, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner, after deduding twelve pence in the pound for their trouble in levying the same.

II U

1000

The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

xvr. And be it farther enacted, That the warrant to tc 1793* issued by the said lord-mayor for the purposes aforesaid, shall be of the import following, that is to say;

Form of Whereas it hath appeared to me, that a sum of wirr;mt io ^11 j j

be issued bjr founds hath been affffed and afflotted in vestry, by the parishioners lord mayor. y/;e farish of (a) to be raised off the fohent inhabitants of the said farish, furfuant to fresentment, and that

hath or have been appointed by the grand Jury of the county of the said city, a collector or collectors for the levying the said sum, this is therefore to authorize and empower the said

to collefl and levy the said sum, by difirejs or otherwise, off the fohent inhabitants of the said farish, furfuant -io ail of parliament. Given under my hand and seal, this -H>uy of

"Great arrears due, &c.

arrear a-mountsto 14151.16s. 7$d.

-tV Rafter or Michaelmas grand jury may present said 141;1. ifrs. to 'be levied off the paiilhes in arrear, in full discharge up to warrant iliited in March) 1792-

Collectors tobc.ippohit. cd shall pro* coed to levy,

XVII. And wherctis great arrears have become due by several of the parishes in the said city, which if not provided for, the treafttrer cannot have sufficient money to pay the overfects who have been appointed to execute the publick works, and great difficulty has occurred in coliefling the money formerly applotted in several of the said parishes, and many of the persons who should have paid the fame arc dead.; and if the said arrears shall not be collected off the city, at large, the publick creditors cannot be paid; and the said arrear now amounts to the sum of one thousand four hundred and fifteen pounds, sixteen shillings and seven pence three farthings; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the grand jury at Easter or Michaelmas term, after the passing of this act, to present the said sum of one thousand four hundred and fifteen pounds, sixteen shillings and seven pence three farthings, being the amount of the arrears due by the said several parishes prior to the warrants which issued in the month of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, to be levied off the -respective parishes so in arrear; the said sum to be in full discharge of any arrears due by any of the parishes within the county of the said city, up to and prior to the warrant which issued in the said month of March, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That said collectors to be appointed in pursuance of this act, shall, before the next prefen ting

The th irty-ihird Year of George III.

presenting term after their appointment, proceed to levy and collect, and fha'll, as far as shall be in their power, levy and coiled! from the inhabitants of the several parishes within the said city, the amount of the warrant which issued in the month of March, one thousand seven "hundred and ninety-two, and of all warrants which shall have issued fub-sequent thereto, and to pay the same over to the treasurer in manner herein before directed; and if the said collectors shall omit or refuse to comply herewith to the utmost of their ability, it shall be lawful for the king’s bench to fine them, or any of them, in any sum not exceeding' fifty pounds, to be applied -in manner herein before directed.

XIX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the several term grand juries to be sworn at the king’s bench, after the passing of this act, as often as they shall see necessary, to issue summonses to the fevc-ral church-wardens df any of the parishesin whose hands it shall appear that any of the publick money, raised off any part of the said city, shall have remained ‘Unaccounted for or unpaid; and to call such church-warden or church-wardens to.account for such publick money so by them received; and ft-shall be lawful for the said’grand juries to summon all such person or persons as they shall think necessary, and to -examine them upon oath touching the receipt arid'payment -of such publick money; and if the said church-warden or church-wafdens, or any of thfem, shall omit or refuse to attend the said grand jury or grand juries upon due notice given, not less than twenty-four hours, and to account'For and pay over all such sum and sums of money as shall have been received by them on account -of the publick money in their respective parishes, jt shall be lawful for the justices of the king’s bench to fine them in any sum not exceeding one hundred pounds; arid -if any such person or persons -who shall be summoned In like manner before the said grand jury or grand juries, to give evidence as to the receipt and payment of such -publick -money, shall omit or refuse to attend for that -purpose, it shall be lawful for the judges of the king’s bench to fine’ them :in any sum not exceeding fifty pounds-; such several fines to be recovered by distress or sale of the goods and chattels of such church-warden or churchwardens, person or persons, and when recovered, to go to , and be applied to the blue-coat-hospital.

Chap.

Term grand juries may calf church wardens to account for jniblick nm-iuy, and m-y summon and examine per* sum on oath-&c.

if church -wardens do not account and pay, king's bench may line them look

persons-sum-muned to "ire evidence, who do nut attend, imy be (sued ju!.

1002

The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D. 1793. Chap. 56.

XX. And be it enacted by live authority aforesaid, That the said treasurer shall, at every term, make up his accounts upon oath to the effoinc day of each term, of all receipts and payments of the publick money so received and paid by him, and shall return and lay the said account fairly written, with the affidavit of the said treasurer at the foot_thereof, taken before one of the judges (or in open court) of the said court of king’s bench, without fee, verifying the truth of such accounts, on the first day of every term, before t'hc.

grand jury of the said city, -to be viewed, allowed, or dif-

fnchtolw approved of by the said grand jury; and the said grand

entered iji , /

book, with jury shall cause the same to be entered in the book of the

observations; coun(;y Df. t]je said city, with such observations as they shall

mayfine"^ think fit; and for wilful default of such return, it shall and

treasurer may be lawful for the judges of the said, court of 'king’s

ful default, bench, to fine such treasurer in any sum not exceeding the

sum of one hundred pounds; said fine to go and be applied

in the manner herein before directed respecting any.fine, to

be. imposed as aforesaid-

in fuiis for

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-

nny thing_. # ' ' t

under this said, That if any action or suit shall be commenced against

act,defendant . rr

may plead the any person or persons for any. thing done in pursuance of general iifuc, t]jjs a(c^ the defendant or defendants in such actions or suit may plead the general iifuc, and give this act and the spe- . ifpiainufr be cjaj matter jn evidence: and if a verdictliall be found for

unn.fuiteil, 1 1 -; - t

&c. double such defendant or defendants, or if the plaintiff in such acr fendant. tion or suit shall. be non-suited,...or discontinue his action, or if by default, or on demurrer, final judgment shall be given, for the defendant or defendants in such ;adiqn or suit;' then and in any of the cases aforesaid, such defendant or defendants shall ha.ve double costs, with such remedy for recovering the fame, as any defendant or defendants may have for his or their cods in any other action or suit. sent'gra'id"0"

XXII. Provided always, That nothing in this act contain-

jiuy prtftni- e(jt shall extend, or be , con ft rued to extend to controul rr nu’ittstrom

iicii, E con- prohibit the grand juries for the county of the said city mine) here* from presenting, or the judges of the court of king’s bench , rt«d, Pand >n term time, and the judices at their quarter, sessions, oi.t i-oll.cled, from confirming such presentment of church-wardens, con-

or not jiatu in ... P r_7

dabJcs, or other persons. for not collccling, or for not paying, in the publick money by them collcded, which by law they have been heretofore enabled to do, and by condant usage have exercised.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

XXIII. And whereas the treasurer of the county of the said city of Dublin, is at great trouble in receiving and paying in the publick money appointed to be raised for the county of the said city, and also in making out warrants for the several collectors and constables in the several parishes in the said city, in stating the publick accounts and apploting the publick' money: And whereas it is necessary that a secretary should be appointed to the term and session grand juries, the said secretary to be appointed by the grand jury, at next Michaelmas term; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this act, the grand juries of the terms of Easter and Michaelmas, at the king’s bench, shall and may present in the usual manner any sum not exceeding two hundred pounds a year salary, for the treasurer of the said county of the city for the time being; and also fifty pounds a year as a salary for the secretary to the said grand juries, to be appointed as aforesaid; the said sums to be in lieu and instead of all fnms to be presented for the treasurer and secretary of the grand jury: provided that it shall be lawful for, the said grand juries at all times to present any sum or sums which it shall appear by affidavit of the secretary, that he has really and bona fide expended of his own proper money, or that have been really and bona fide incurred in the prosecution of suits for nuisances or recovering publick money, such suits having been commenced and carried on by the direction of the term and session grand juries.

XXIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every treasurer of the publick money of the county of the city of Dublin, shall, from time to time pay to the cashier of the bank of Ireland for the time being, all such publick money which he shall have so received, and for every such payment, the said cashier shall sign and give receipts to such treasurer for the sum so paid, purporting that such sum so paid, is for the use of the county of the city of Dublin; and if such treasurer shall at any time retain in his hands, of the said publick money so to be received,by1 him, the sum of one hundred pounds, longer than two days, the said bank being within that lime open to receive the same, then and so often the said treasurer shall forfeit and pay as an addition to the publick money of said county ten findings for every day ho shall retain the said sum of one hundred

Chap. 56.

Treasurer of county of city is at

great trouble in receiving, p:tyin"t AC. a secretary Should be appointed to the grand juries, at Mkhicl-nui term:

juries miy grant a Ihra not exceeding ,2Col. a year to treasuier, and 50l. a year tofe-cretaiy, iu lieu of all other*;

juries may present sums expended by fxrcUry.

Treasurer to pay money into bank of it eland;

lieafmct to pay 10.". a d'»y for keep* jlitf Jo'll, moic than l (lav:* cut of the bank;

signed by -foreroauj

fftate of balance to be igiven bjr a clerk of (lie bank on ef-ifojne.day,

3004 The thirty-{bird Year of George III.

A.D.

pounds or upwards beyond the said two days; and the said 1793* treasurer shall, front time to time, draw drafts on the go-verrior and company of the bank of Ireland, in favour of treasurer to the person or persons entitled to-receive -publick money for banks drafts a preferment-; provided every such draft shall also be lign-ed by the foreman of - the term or sessions grand jury ,-at which the' preferment shall be ordered to be paid; and the cashier of the bank of Ireland, shall, and is hereby required do pay from time to -time, any drafts of the said treasurer and foreman, -not exceeding the amount of the balance of the said publick money, which at the time of such drafts being presented to him for payment, shall be in the said bank; and the proper officer or clerk of the bank of Ireland, shall, and is hereby required to give on demand on the effoine day of each and every term, to the said treasurer; -an account Signed by the said officer, Hating the balance in the said bank of the said publick money, on the effoine day of the preceding term; and' also the date and ahiount of each such subsequent payment made to the said 'bank, and of each payment by him paid on the drafts of - the said treasurer and foreman.

CoiieOors

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-a'ccuuiits^tt-iih said, That every collector, or person acting as or for a col-shall, four days previous to the elfoiiie,day-of every Easter and Michaelmas term, fully and fairly make up his accounts of his receipts and payments, and of such necessary disbursements as he shall make, (if any,) and shall, at the time aforesaid, lodge Such account .'signed by him with ;the treasurer, together with the -original applotmehits, or attested copies of the.applotments.delivered unto him as aforer laid, together with the affidavit'herein before mentioned.

Grand jury

XXVI. Provided nevertheless, That if any grand jury SSsto '^worn at -any of the terms, shall fee cause for so doing, it they'rewllen and -may be lawful for such grand jury at any time, eavfir.t tupon 'Written -notice, signed ;by their foreman or secretary, to require such collector or person afling as or for collector to appear before them upon any day in such notice specified, not Iefs than twenty-four hours after service of such notice, and then and -there to account in manner aforesaid, and to deliver up, or produce his books, and his said applotments and imy ua-or attested copies thereof, and that such grand juries shall £ oa'.- have power to examine such person upon oath, and, which j -oath

apulotniriit, and affidavits, 4.dnys

before cf-Juine day, at Bader and Mjcljaeimae.

'The thirty-third Year of George III._1005

oath their foreman is hereby empowered to admini ffrr con- A.D. corning the truth and fullness of fuel) accounts, or any omission in his collecting the money given him in charge; and_if any fuc’n person shall refnfe accounting in manner or at p,!,c«u's"-

nay be.

any of the times aforesaid, be shall forfeit any firm not etc- 1C°*. cceding one hundred pounds, to be recovered in a summary way, by complaint upon oath, before the said court of king’s bench, and to be levied by distress arid fade of the goods and chattels of the offender, under the proetfs of such court, and 10 he applied to the blue-coat-hospitaT in manner nforc-faitl; ami rn case such accounts shall he found to be Talfe, cu'lcftnr* materially defeflive, or in any fort fraudulent, fuel) term iTifed b! la-grand jury shall and may discharge and supersede fuel) col-leflor, and in similar cases upon complaint of the treasurer f>ao-’uitnt.or

1 1 . Inlpoti'ctl by

verified by Jlfidavil, the said mayor of the faitl city of Dub- lonln«iy», liri, in time of vacation, may suspend such collector or per- "'"TtT.f1 son aflipg as or for a collator, until the first fitting day of """V the next term, or until any certain day, not exceeding the eighth day after the beginning of such term, and the then term grand jury shall examine upon oath, which oath their foreman i? hereby authorized to administer, into the matter,1 and thereon ottcuiy remove such person, or annul his suspension, as they shall see fitting; and if any collector or c-Wn person acting as or for a collector, shall refufo accounting, and rendering up applotments as aforesaid, lie shall over and above the find penalty of 1 nc hundred pounds, be for ever hereafter utterly disqualifi, d from acting ns a collector or deputy collator, for, or with respect unto all or any of the said publick money of the county of the city of Dublin.

XXVII. And whereas a fire or fires, or other unforeseen

accidents may happen in the gaols or publick prisons of said

city in the time of vacation, and in fuel) case it may be

r.cccflary to make use of the publick money to repair such

gaols or building, before any pixfeuting grand jury at the

terms can aifcmbic to make provision for the fame; be it cn- In osC- uf . r . ac.’i.I.ri; in

acted, That in case at any lime alter paJing of inis att, any u-iii ,n$ fire or oilier unforeseen accident should happen in any of the gaols or publick prisons within the cognizance of this act, Ij'y*1* ry it shall and may be lawful for the grand jury of the quarter sessions of the city of Dublin, for the time being, to cause an efiimatc. and valuation to be. made of the sum necessary

Vol. XVI. 1 1 Y

to

jury not to present any

lams of money, but in cajera herein rWtqJ,

1006 The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

to be expended on the repair and preservation of such gaol 1793- or building; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said sessions grand jury to make preferments for such sums as treafuTmay he necessary to complete such repair; and which sums fentments, if the said treasurer is hereby required to pay, provided he has ^,a sufficient fund in his hands for that purpose, and provided such presentment shall be confirmed by the justices at said quarter sessions; the same to be collected and paid as other money is to be presented, -collected and paid under this act.

XXVIII. And whereas great inconvenience has arisen, and jnay arise to the publick, from the jurisdictions and powers of the grand juries, sworn at the terms and quarter sessions, not being sufficiently ascertained and rendered distinct; be ScfTionsgrand it therefore enacted by the authority -aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this act, it shall not be lawful for any grand -jury to be impanelled at any quarter sessions of the peace for the county of the said city, to present any sum or sums of money whatsoever, to be raised off the inhabitants of the said city, save and except in the following cases and inliances, that is to say, for building and repairing sessions house, for carrying and conveying prisoners to and from trial, for cryer and servants of sessions court and grand jury, for gaoler, deputy-gaoler, and turnkey, for surgeon, lor examining health of prisoners, for repair, preservation, and necessaries for the gaol, (bread and apothecary’s bill excepted.)

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the repeal aforesaid, of the said act of the twenty-six th of George the third, shall in no wife alter, prejudice, impeach, or affect the rights or claims of the clerks of the peace of the county of the city of Dublin, to any sum or Turns of money heretofore presented to them by the sessions grand jury, but that the several sums of money which the said sessions grand juries were thereby authorized and empowered to present, and heretofore presented for them in lieu of their fees, and for drawing and entering preferments, and attending grand juries, and for preventing publick nuisances, and the sum heretofore presented to them for summoning profeculors, shall be continued to them in like manner as if the said act of twenty-sixth of George the third had not been repealed, and as if this act had not been

Rcpi'ill of

tiiiid act 26 3. not to

JUtj (llCtf d.lMlaof

cluks of pence.

made, any thing herein contained W,ii"e notwithstanding.

to the contrary in any

X

The thirty-third Year of George III. 1007

XXX. And for the better regulating preferments for the A.D. laid county of the said city of Dublin, be it enacted by the '1793' authority aforesaid, That no sum of money shall be raised at the court of king’s bench for the repairing of any road, xw"ntv

# 0 ' J to (>e raikil

unless an affidavit sworn. by two credible persons, who can ;>t eIic king’d

read and write, before any one of the judges of tire king’s but on

bench, or before any two of the justices of the peace of the said county of the said city, in the following form be first

J‘»« be-

laid before the grand jury, and which affidavit shall be dc- foejuiy;

livered to the secretary of the grand jury, at least four days

before the efioinc day of each presenting term.

County of the City7 of Dublin, to wit..'

and. of do swear that they have lately mcafttred perches of the road from to between and

all in the county of the said city, and that it will require the sum of pounds, effectually to repair the said

perches -with gravel or stone, being at the rate of by the perch, which they

verily believe is the leaf the said perches can

be effectually repaired for.

Form of affidavit.

XXXI. Provided always, That no part of the money so Troforer presented, shall be paid on account of any presentment for unliwiMaW the repair of any road, by the treasurer of the county of the said city, until the affidavit of one of the overseers, who ed,wherein; can read and write, appointed by the grand jury, sworn before one of the judges of the king’s bench, or before two justices of the peace for the county of the said city, in the following import, shall be allowed by the grand jury, and :by the judges of the said court, and by the justices of the quarter sessions to be held for the county of the said city.

Cvc rfre's . 1 uliitUvil.

in the

for the county

perches

being at the County of the cilyl Whereas the sum of of Dublin, to wit. was presented at year of

of the said city, to be extended in repairing of the road from to

between and

rate of by the perch And whereas

1 1 Y 7.

ana

;I008 The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

end were appointed overseer s of the same.

1793- Now 1 of do foieer, that I

have expended faithfully and honestly the sum of in repairing effectually with gravel or Jloncs

perches of the far'd road; and that every part of the said perches it twenty-

one feet wide in the dear, within the ditches, drains or fences, and is fSelect: feet wide, with gravel or fortes.

(Exception.) Except where (lie road pre'fented to be repaired is enclosed with walls built with lime and (tones or bricks, or with.

dwelling houses of twenty feet in length, and fourteen feet in breadth in the clear, and is not twenty-one feet wide between the fame, in wich case, instead of the words, iwetity-one feet wide in' the dear within the ditches, drains or fences, shall be inserted the words, endofecl on both jides with walls built with lime and fottes, or bricks, fee feet high, or with dwelling hot/fes twenty feel in length, and fourteen feet in

breadth in the dear.

XXXII. And whereas confidently the number of carriages that frequent the roads in the count) of the city aforesaid, they require to be conflnntly attended to; lie it further en-Term prnrJ tufted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be luratTui-' lawful for the grand jury of the said city of Dublin, every term, to appoint for a time not exceeding one year, any t"iii fi-r tuch. overseer or overseers to keep in repair, and free from nuisances any number of perches of any road or foot-way, not exceeding six hundred perches, for each overseer, and also to prCfent, at any term, any sum or sums of money, not exceeding in the whole for such six hundred perches of such road, the sum of two shillings by the perch, and not exceeding in the whole for such six hundred perches of such foot-way the sum of sixpence by the perch, which shall appear by affidavit to the grand jury, and to the court of King’s bench, to have been expended in keeping in repair any such road or foot-way, or in removing nuisances upon any part of such six hundred perches.1

XXXIII. And whereas the line of division between the county of Dublin, and county of the city of Dublin, does run along the middle of several roads near Dublin; be it minified, That in (uch cases it shall and may be lawful for the several grand juries of the county of Dublin, and county

‘Line of tii

vliioiilutv'T' i tv.irty anti ci-i'oty tit CM v, n:..i tilf’Ujj 'lie uiuiilu uf fr "fai voids;

"T/oe thirty-third Year of George III.

of the city of Dublin, at the terms respectively, to appoint such overseer or overseers, with the like powers to keep in repair, and free from nuifanecs their respective Tides of six hundred perches of such roads and foot-way, and to charge and present their several moieties of the films aforesaid upon their respective counties, the same to be expended and accounted for as aforesaid.

XXXIV. Provided also, That no money shall be so presented for the widening of any publick road, unless on affidavit sworn by two credible persons, who can read and write, before one of the judges of the King’s bench, or before two justices of the peace for the county of the said city, of the following import, be first laid before the grand jury.

in stifli cases buth juries may appoint overseers for their reflective ftdea, &c.

Ny presentment for widening any tomi hut on alTuUvit of z credible per* suns;

County of the City'} of and Form of

of Dubiitt, to -oil. of do

swear, that they have lately measured perches of the road from between

and all in the county of the said city, and that

tto part of the said perches is twenty-one feet

wide in ike clear of ditches, drains and fences, or enclosed on both fies with a wall built with lime and fones, or bricks, fie feet high, or dwelling houses of twenty feet in length, and fourteen feet in breadth in the clear, and that it will require the sum of pounds to widen the said

perches to the breadth of in the clear, and to make fences instead of ihofe that shall be taken down and de-jiroyed in order to widen the fame, and that the fame is a\ reasonable charge, and is the ieaft that the said work can be effectually done for.

' And that no money shall be paid by the treasurer of iheTrraWnot said city on account cf such preferment, unless on affidavit '°,fn7oVfiidi of one o'f the overseers, who can read and write, f'.vorn p'd-Mitm"!-

J 5 blit ‘’0

before one of the judges of the King’s bench, or two juf- oi t.r«-tices of the peace for t’ne said city, of the following import, ' shall be allowed by the grand jury and court of King’s bench.

County of the city! Whereas the sum of pounds onf.«>

of Dublin, to wit.) was presented by the grand jury of the said Vol. XVI. it Z coun'v

joio The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

county of the city, at in the year

_ 119?.- to he expended in widening

Chap. c5. , c

perches-of the road from to

between and all in the said

county of the city.

hind whereas and were appointed

overseers of the fame, now I of

do J-wcur, that 'I have faithfully arid honesty expended the fun of in widening perches of said

road, - and-that every part thereof is feet wide in

the Hear of ditches, drains, or fences, to' the bef of my judgment and belief, and that- new fences- are -made inf cad of tkc-fe i hat have been taken dawn -wr cefroyed, in order to wider: the fane.

King’s bench gimul uv.y

I’tclVnt mrv

rear for flmiff.panl,

nr

v.il!, rau! for

tthi.i'ilii-g,

Uk 4c.

affidavit by 2, that t ltarge is rc.vonible ami w<h!c ucalfa.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the grand jury of the county of the said city, at the King’s bench every year, to present fitch sum of money as they shall think necessary to be raised upon the county of the said city at large, to be expended in building sheriffs gaol for debtors, *work-'house, hciifc of correction, bridge or wall-necessary to the support of any road in the county of the said city; and that it shall 'oc -L.wful for the-laid -grand -.Jury of the King’s bench, to pref. nl. that such sum or sums of money as they think necessary, iha 11 be raised upon said - county of the city at Large, to’ be expended in re-building, enlarging, -or repairing airy gr.o!, sheriffs gaol for debtors, work-house, or house of Gcrredlion, or for widening, repairing, or re-building of any. bridge, of part of a bridge, or any gullet or.pipe under any road or wall, or part of a wall, necessary to ihe'support of any road, or for making any new road, or widening any old road in "the said county of the city, or for gravelling or filling over any such bridge,-gullet,-or pipe; provided that no money shall be so presented for any of the above mentioned works, nn'icfs it shall appear by the affidavit of two ' credible persons who - can read and write, sworn beiere any of the judges,of the King’s bench, or before any two of the jcdices of the peace of said county, that the sum therein required is a reasonable charge, and that the work is neces-f..tv, and cannot be (ficelnally executed for a Ar.ailer Aim, '.he bed of their judgment: and provided that if the

affidavit

roi i

The thirty-third Year of George III.

affidavit shall be for building a gaol, sheriffs gaol for debtors, A- D. work-houfo, or house of correction, or for widening, repair- ing, or building of any bridge, or budding an old one, c-—w-k-> that then and in such case a plan and cliimate or the work Jv’i'llflj;,',1' shall be annexed to fitch affidavit, in which the following 1

house« undg«s

words shall be also inserted after the words, ([mailer fumsty ic.apUn

and Cuinnio

According to the plan and cfttmale hereunto annexed > ana lh.it iiuK be an-no presentment for any new bridge, except it is to be ^vlum-h built in the room of an old one, shall be confirmed by any c"n-

lirm pixTctii*

judge of the King’s bench, unless it shall appear to such wmfor

nswli.ulgc,

judge that an affidavit and cfiimute for such new bridge t.m a. here-had been laid before the grand jury of the said county of1"' the city, at the left term, and shall be certified by the foreman of such grand jury, that the fame had been laid and read before such grand jury; but this shall not extend to t to cr..ad new bridges presented in (lead of old ones, which were car- imd^shmU ried away or destroyed, or may require'to be built; but that the whole sum of money, or any part thereof, save as herein mentioned, so presented for such work, shall not be on aii-d-jvit paid by the treasurer of the county of the said city, on wing allowed account of any such presentment, until it shall appear to the grand juries, and to the court of King’s bench respectively, by the affidavit of one of the overseers appointed for such work, who can read and write, sworn before one of the judges of the King’s bench, or any two of the justices of tl-.c peace for the said county of tile city, that the said sum so accounted for hath been faithfully and honestly expended in execution of the work for which such money Was granted by such presentment, to the best of his (kill and judgment, and until the said'account had been allowed by the grand jury, and by the couit of King’s bench; and »iin,rrr-w’nere any presentment exceeding os

hi- I i /) (I fcttSflKHl ?X"

unored- pounds mail ftcjslcoj.

be granted in pursuance of this aci, for the building, re-building, or repairing ,cr the sessions-house, the gaol, (l:c- to

riffs gaol for debtors, work-honfe, or house of correction, i.>r lumn-K or for widening, repairing, or rebuilding of any bridge, in f«aVui.'>iio: such case the court cf King’s bench are hereby empowered to order such part of any such presentment to be paid by i">,iVntment, 'the treasurer to the overseers. as shall be sworn to have iiuyre-been expended by him, on his affidavit being allowed by CJ IIlf’

the grand

jury,

is done

according t

felling forth, that as much of the work the presentment, as amounts to the i i Z 2 sum

1012 A.D.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

T1793* Chap. 56.

Where re» pairs, & c. arc for tlarics of city anri county only half to lie prefuittd by King’s bench grand jury:

sum required, which sum is hereby limited not to exceed two-thirds of the preferment, provided that the overseers give security before the court of King’s bench to finiffi the work pursuant to the preferment.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for the grand jury of the said county of the said city, at the King’s bench, to present more than half the sum that shall appear to them by the affidavit of one or more credible persons, f.vorn before a judge of the King’s bench, or before any of the justices of the peace for the county of the said city, to be necessary for the widening, building, rebuilding, or repairing any bridge, gullet, or pipe, or for the filling or gravelling over the fame, which arc the boundaryof the county treasurer not of the said city and the comity of Dublin; and that no on tqa:|UfiKn‘ raocey ^’,a^ be paid by the treasurer-of said city on ac-knuluiy1^" count l"uci' presentment, unless it shall also appear to county -.and the grand jury and court of King’s bench that an equal sum or-proportional one, as the case may happen, hath been.prc-fcnled to be raise-tl for said work on said-county of Dublin; and that the lord mayor of the said city of Dublin for the time being, or any justice of the peace of the said county of the said city, may, under his hand and seal, order any sum not exceeding five pounds, to be-expended in widening 'or repairing any bridge, fewer, sessions-house, house of cor-redlion, or gaol, within the county of the said city, which mny'be'suddenly-damaged, and which, ought to be'repaired !by said county of the city, provided'it shall appear to him or them-by the affidavit of one or more credible :persons, who can read and write, that the repair -of such bridge, fewer, sessions-house, house of corretftion, or gaol, cannot be delayed to the next term, without-prejudice to the county of the said city, as they verily believe; which affidavit the said lord mayor or justice of peace, is hereby empowered to take, and the said-lord mayor or such justice -may-also ap--fi-iMfrn- P°'nt proper overseers to repair the fame; and the grand :V’.1,' jl:ry of 'ho county of the said city, at the next term, arc icta.: hereby required to raise by presentment, the Turns To ex.-

per.ded ip. repairing any such 'bridge, fewer, sessions-dioufe, houfg of correction -or gaol, tipon "the county of the said city at -large, to be paid to the-oveffeer or overseers so ap-itica by such lord mayor or justice, upon his or their .4 producing

joij;

lord mayor,

Or vtuint y

- julltc’cs may

order repairs of fvul.lt n

ifcindgr.s.to amount of $1. upon affidavit of , ntceflity:

The thirty-third Year of George III. 1013

producing to him such affidavit as is before mentioned, and A.D. such warrant under the hand and seal of the said lord mayor 1793* or justice, as also an affidavit sworn by one or more of the overseers, before a judge of the King’s bench, or before any of the justices of the peace for the said county of the city, that he or they have faithfully and honestly expended the sum specified in said affidavit, in repairing such bridge, fewer, sessions-house, house of correction, or gaol, and that the lord mayor of the city of Dublin for the time lordmijw being, or any justice of the peace, upon the affidavit of two m^npend substantial house-holders, who can read and write, may in like manner order any sum of money not exceeding the sum of forty shillings, to be expended in repairing any hole, house-keep-or bad step which may happen in any road by a sudden fall raisetl as ke-of rain, or other accident, and may appoint an overseer to forc: repair the fame; and the grand jury of said county of the said city, are hereby required to raise at the next term the sum- so expended, on such overseers performing such requisites as the above-mentioned overseers of bridges are required to perform; provided that no money shall be paid by the |orj m,rar tceafurer to any overseer appointed by any lord mayor or 1

justice of the peace in manner aforesaid, unless it shall first v!t An appear to the grand jury and court of King’s bench, by before order,’ the affidavit of such lord mayor or justice, that he viewed 1,111 rwce’kc' such bridge, road, fewer, sessions-house, house of correction, or gaol, before he gave any order for repairing the fame, and that the repair thereof seemed to him necessary to be made, and that he viewed the fame since it was repaired,' and that the works appeared to him to have been well executed, and the whole of the money to have been honestly expended.

XXXVII. And whereas many of the roads within the limits of the county of the city of Dublin and liberties adjoining, are much too narrow for the safety and convenience of the number of carriages and horses which travel on the fame, and the said roads require to be made in a straighter direction, and a greater breadth; and it will also be necessary for the convenience of the publick to make new cross-roads within the county of the said city; be it therefore Hafterani enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the Mich«ltr.n

grand June*

passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful for the grand may present juries of the county of the said city, to be sworn at the f«t in ckt*

Vol. XVI. 12 A King’s

than 80, nor less than 50 feet; and make roads flraighter;

anti prefect new roads;

and present

necessary

sums.

Stones or bucks in old walls to be sold, am! a* mount paid to treasurer.

Disputes about the value of ground to he decided by

5 persons,

appointed as herein.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

King’s bench, in Easter and Michaelmas term in every year, to present any part of any road leading to or from the said city, within the limits of the county of the said city, which is not of the breadth of forty feet in the clear, within the ditches, drains, and fences, to be widened to any breadth not exceeding eighty, nor less than fifty feet in the clear, within' the ditches, drains, or fences, including the footpath; and to alter and make straighter any part of any road within the county of the said city; and also to present any new road or new roads, to be laid out and made in the place of any old road, or part's of any old' road leading from the said city, through any part of the county of the said city of Dublin; and also any new road or new roads necessary to be made from any town to another, within the limits of the county of the said' city; and also to present all and every such sum and sums of money as may appear necessary to be raised on said county of the said city, to

be expended in widening fuel}' old roads, or making' such

new roads, and for paying for new fences that have been or shall be made, instead of those taken down and dc-stroyed, and for paying the owner or occupier for land necessary to be purchased for widening any old road, or

making any new road in the County of the said city of

Dublin.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That where it shall be necessary to widen any bid road, under this act, and that any part of such road shall have been fenced with a /tone or brick wall, that the ilones of bricks in such old wall shall he sold by. the overl’eers appointed for widening such roid, and the aiiloiint thereof paid to - the treasurer for the use of the public!/.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That where any dilptites shall arise relative to the value of the ground to be taken for 'making any new road, or widening any old road, the same shall be left to the decision of five persons, two to.be named by-.the owner or occupier of the ground, two to be named by the overseer or overseers appointed for widening or making such road, and one by any neighbouring justice of the peace for the county of the said city, and that such award as the said five persons, or any three, of them, shall make in the premilcs, shall. be final arid conclusive to all parties, and shall be sufficient authority for the grand jury at the next Easter and Michaelmas term, to present such sum as shall be ascertained by such award lor paying for such ground, provided that such jicrfons making award shall, before they enter upon the 6 matter

The thirty-third Year of George III.

1015

matter so to them referred, make and subscribe respectively an at A.D. fidavit in manner following: 1793*

Chap. 56.

/ A.B. do swear, that I will faithfully, impartially, and honesty, Affidavit to according to the bcjl of my fall and knowledge, make a jujl and true valuation of the grounds and premises referred to me to be valued, for the widening or making (as the case may be) perches of the road leading from to

without favour or ajfeBion, prejudice or malice.

So help me God.

Which affidavit may be sworn before any of the justices of the Affidavit to peace for the county of the city of Dublin, and shall be annexed amiXmid'* to the valuation or award so to be made, and shall be returned i,refer'eJ br

’ grand jury:

therewith to the grand jury, and shall be kept and preserved by them amongst their proceedings; and if any such person or per- p«rm ap-

fons to be appointed to value such ground in pursuance of this act, iTcBroumt"

shall neglect or refuse to attend at the time and place to be ap- ^YorneBWt

pointed by such overseers, provided they shall have four days no- line to the

tice thereof in writing, or to proceed to the valuation of such p0°r’

ground, it shall be lawful for any two justices of the peace to line

them any furn not exceeding five pounds for every such offence,

to be recovered by distress and sale of the goods of such person, on the affidavit of one credible witness, such fine to be applied to the

poor of such parish; and if the occupier of such ground shall, upon occupim m-

such like notice given, neglect or refuse to appoint valuators of such appoint n-

ground, in pursuance of this act, he or (lie shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered as aforesaid; overseers may

and in such cases it shall be also lawful for the overseers of such Lityon pre

road to proceed to execute such work, as if the said valuation hail

been made with, the consent of such owner or occupier; and if any person shall obstruct or hinder such overseers from executing said

work, he or they shall be liable to a penalty of five pounds, to be recovered by civil bill, before the recorder of the city of Dublin,

at any quarter sessions of the peace, or adjournment thereof.

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Grand j-j-it shall be lawful for the grand jury of the county of the said city,

at the Easter and Michaelmas terms, in every year, by present- nmtcwu,

1 r - m.y present

ment, to Made on the county of the said city, any (uch- lum of i.nn; necessary

money as they shall judge rieccssary for the recovering of public): money from the treasurers, collectors, or receivers thereof, their &c* -executors, administrators, or sureties; and also such sum of money lying on ruin, as shall appear necessary to prosecute any suit or suits for the recovery

ioi6 The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D. 1793.

+of any sum or sums preferred under this act, or for prosecuting or defending any suit whatever directed by the grand juries, provided that it shall appear to the grand jury and to the court, by

provided it affidavit' sworn before one of the judges of the King’s bench, or in

ashereini °Pen court, that such sum hath been faithfully expended, and that

that such sum of had been taxed by the proper officer of the court in

was expend-, J 1

ed, aml coils which such suit or suits shall he carried on or defended.

taxed.

Grand juries may present for foot--.paths;

said foot* -paths not to pass through fields or-gardens, walled as herein; or through houtes or offices built as herein; or orchards of 6 years jrowth.'with-out content; persons aggrieved may traverse as for new roads.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the grand jury of the county of the said city of Dublin, at the terms, to present a foot-path not exceeding ten feet in breadth, to be laid out on either fide of any road within the county of laid city, and to present to be raised upon the said city, such sum or sums of money as they shall think necessary for making of repairing footpaths with stiles, or for building parapet walls to said foot-paths, on any road in the county of the said city aforesaid, or the liberties thereof, subject to such method of account as the presentments for publick roads are by this act subject unto; but that said foot-paths shall not pass through any field or garden, enclosed by a wall five feet high at the lead, built with lime or stone, or bricks, or through any houses or offices built with lime and stone, or bricks, or through any dwelling-house of twenty feet in length, and fourteen feet in breadth in the clear, or through orchards of six years growth, unless the consent of the owner or occupier of the said lands be first obtained, and that whoever shall think himself or herself aggrieved by such presentment, shall be allowed to traverse the fame, in manner as has been in this act before specified and directed, with regard to the making of new roads.

Banks and

XLII. And whereas a great number of banks and piers have on the D^d* ^eeu ma(Je an(l erected by several persons, between Donnybrook-der, between bridge, and Baal’s-bridge, on the river Dodder, in the county of the said city, which banks and piers have greatly narrowed the kndje: bed of the river, and changed its course, and it is apprehended

that the obstructions given thereby to the course of the river may, and will injure the new bridge called Baal’s-bridge, lately built

hanks of t-ra- over r‘ver> and endanger its falling: And whereas great

T'l !)"'vw,n banks of gravel have been formed between Baal’s-bridge and the

ttaal s-bridge 0 . ? 0

and Mr. Ro- north end of Mr. Samuel Robinson s holding, and it may be ne-binfonsimid— for the safety and preservation of Baal’s-bridge, and Rings-

end-bridge, to purchase land, and to build strong stone walls, for the purpose of widening the bed of the river, and giving it a straighter direction, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the grand juries sworn at

Easter

The thirty-third Year of George III. loiy

Easter and Michaelmas turn in every year, in the Ring’s bench, A.D. to present on the county of the said city, fitch film and sums of 1793-money' as may he necessary to he expended in removing such banks, piers, and gravel, as may obstruct the free course of the Ealto jwI said river Dodder, between Donnybrcok-britlge, Baal’s-bi idge, and ^uVjV/ucs the north end of Mr. Samuel Robinson’s holding adjoining the said «'"y p* - lent

° J °_illllls to! IL-.

river, subject to such method of account, as the presentments for uiming fm.li publick roads are by this act liable to; and if any person shall ob- ailjj struft or prevent the overseer or overseers, to be appointed, from removing such banks, piers, or gravel, or from widening the bed otnftvis, ji. of the said river as aforesaid, such person shall, upon conviction, f‘lr lllc r"UI' on the oath of one credible witness, before any one justice of the peace for the county of the said city, forfeit for every such offence, a sum not exceeding five pounds, to be levied with the expence of levying the fame, by distress and sale of the goods of the offender in the warrant of such justice, such fine to be paid so the minister or curate of such parish for the use of the poor.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That if any horse, bull, bullock, cow, Beajs f«a-sheep, goat, pig, mule, or afs, shall, at any time after the passing of this act, be found feeding or flraying on any part of the roads «r l>< within the county of the said city, it shall be lawful for any person to drive such bead, of whatever kind, to the next pound, and there to detain such beast, until the owner or owners of the same shall pay a fine of two shillings, to the person so driving such beast to pound, save and except any beast or beads passing or re-passing, and attended by a driver; and that if any person shall drive or ride wl(0 any horse, beast, or cattle, on any such foot-paths, such person ,iJ'ur d,i',c

J . rt, i r , on foot-paths

shall, upon conviction, by the oath of any one credible witness, forfeit ics.

before the said lord mayor of the said city, for the time being, or any one justice of the peace, (such justice within his jurisdtftion) or upon the view of the said lord mayor, or any one such justice, for every such offence forfeit a sum not exceeding ten shillings, to be levied by warrant, under the hand and seal of such lord mayor or justice, by distress and sale of the horse, beast, or cattle so ridden, or driven on such foot-path, or of the goods and chattels of the offenders, one moiety' of which shall go to the informer, and the other to the said lord mayor or justice, towards keeping said foot-path in repair.

XUV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Im-That from and after the passing of this act, all and every person fm "I11/"1'"5

° 7 or fitiVMie on

and persons riding any beast, or driving any carriage, car, or cart, the left lu..S

on any road within the said county of the said city of Dublin, shall

ride such head, and drive such carriage, car, or cart, on the left

The thirty-third Year of George III.

hand fide of such road, under a penally of ten findings flc rling, to be recovered on the oath of one credible witness, before the lord mayor, or any juAice of the peace fertile county of the city of Dublin aforesaid, or upon the view of the said lord mayor or jtif-tice, such penalty to be recoverable, and to be applied in manner lad herein before mentioned; and the several overseers of the several roads in the said county of the said city, are hereby required, immediately after the passing of this act, to put up written or printed notices, in the most convenient places on the said roads, of the purport and meaning of this clause.

Monty not

XLV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ncronnit^for That whenever it shall happen that any fiim of money presented

joi8 A.D. 1793. Chap. 56.

overseers to put up no* lice* of this clause.

union 3 to be raised for roads, which shall not be expended agreeable to

years. maybe presented for -other work:

such preferment, and accounted for within three years after such presentment shall have been made, that then it shall and may be lawful for the grand jury of the county of the said city, at the next term, to present such sum of money to be expended on feme affidavits ac- other work, in the county of the said city; and that no affidavit counting after accounting for the expenditure of said money, shall be allowed allowed; after the expiration of said three years; and that if it shall appear ffloTproecfs to any judge, upon due proof of any two credible persons upon fS-'w'ihir oat*1’:at any term within one year after any quere on any present-a year after ment by which money was granted shall have been discharged, that clinked! "if the court was deceived by any affidavit for discharging such quere, affidavifand that the money was not expended agreeable to the said presentment, the court of King’s bench, orjustice of the quarter sessions, in case the presentment was made at the quarter sessions, may, notwithstanding such quere was discharged, fine, or issue process in such case against the overseers mentioned in such presentment, as if the quere had not been discharged.

XLVI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person shall enclose any part of any road or waste ground, belonging to any road within the county of the said city, nor shall any person dig, or caul'e to be dug, any pit on the fide of any road within the limits aforesaid, within twenty feet of any such road, nor shall any person build any house, or part of any house, within twenty feet at either fide of any road, within the county of the said city, except the fame lies within a market town, or within cVtcuTar r.fart; half a mile at the outside of the circular road; nor shall build any orhid mill l‘,r,c-k'ln, or ered any wind-mill within one hundred-yards of any within ico publick road within the county of the said city; and if any house, such bniltiitics lime-kiln, or wind-mill, shall be so built or creeled, or any pit I'o Aiwn ^v"|lcJ ‘fog. it shall be lawful for any two justices of the peace, by their l>lts fil'ai a?, - warrant,

Rond or Walk* ground mu to be cn-clnfed, nor pits dug with-

in 20 kit of toad, mir liuufcs built

within 20

feit> except within a market town. or

The thirty-third Year of George III. 1019

warrant, to order such house, or any part of an house, lime-kiln, A.D. wind-mill, or enclosure, to be pulled down, and Inch pit to be 1793' filled up, and all necessary expence attending the pulling down, Ch-ip^ 56. and removing or filling up such nuisance shall be levied upon the ami expora warrant of such justice of peace, by distress and sale of the goods r- n*ie, and chattels of such offender: provided that if ar.y persons shall lfaSi;newil>

1 J may appeal to

think themselves aggrieved by such order of such justice, they may au-mcr let-

upon depositing ten pounds in the hands of such justice, have li- pofk^ioi.

berty to appeal to the next quarter sessions of the county of the said

city, and not otherwise, and in the mean time such order shall be suspended; and that if upon the trial of such appeal by a jury, at ;r onler for the quarter sessions, a verdict shall be given for confirming the order of the said justice of peace, for abating such nuisance, that >.l,c

then the ten pounds so deposited, shall be applied by the said iuf- ,i,cr.-iu'. a:J

tice for abating the fame; and if any part thereof shall remain, the fame shall be distributed to the poor of the parish, and all reason- wiima or

able costs shall be adjudged by the court against the appellant, or J

the justice of the peace who made the order, as the court shall

fee fit.

XLVII. And whereas the coroners of the county of the said city, \ are often obliged to hold inquests in gaols and prisons, and the fees arising thereon are found to be a heavy tax on the parishes where such gaols and prisons lie; for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth day of Tune, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, it shall and m

J r . be P'uuiicd

may be lawful for the grand jury of the county of the said city, at by pramijury, the King’s bench, to present such sums of money as they shall think necessary, not exceeding the film of twenty shillings sterling, to be raised upon the county of the said city at large, and pay to the coroner or coroners of the said county of the city of Dublin, for each and every inquisition duly taken in such gaol or prison by such coroner or coroners, upon the view of the body lying in any gaol or prison, lying within the county of the said city, as a recompence for his or their labour, pains, and charges in the taking such inquisition, the same to be raised and levied in the same manner, as other sums are by this act directed to be raised and levied.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Tenn prm.i That it shall he lawful for tile grand jury of laid county of the city, at the terms aforesaid, to appoint an overseer or oveifcers for f"'.f

1 /IT- r pOICa liCJCtllf

the building or repairing of any gaol, fljerifis gaol for debtors, work-hoilfe, bridge, gullet, pipe, or wall necessary for the support of any road, or for the making, repairing, or preserving of any road in said county of the said city; and for the grand jury at 12 B 1 the

2cs. for each itiquifi-tiuu in a naoF|

1020

A.D. 1793. Chap. 56.

overseers appointed l>jr qu. fdfintit grandjury; treafuicr or collector not to he an oversee r.

I'ersons who injure work?, 01 lake away materials, may be fined 50l. or imprisoned 3 jnOQlhj -

persons in whole poflef-iitm materials are found, deemed.guilty, milefsthey prove their innocence.

When an

OTcifeerdics,

or is unable to attend be* fore work is accounted for, survivm’s affidavit will do;

when overseer dies before accounting, and pan of money expended, so much may he paid upon affidavit, &c, herein;

The thirty-third Year of George III.

the quarter feffiens to appoint an overseer or overseers for the building or repairing of the i’essions-house; and that no treasurer, collector, or other person receiving the publick money, fhil! on any account be named or appointed an overseer in any preferment In laid city.

XLIX. And for the purpose of preventing the many injuries to the publick roads committed in parts of the county of laid city and liberties thereunto adjoining; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this act, all and every person or persons who shall knowingly destroy or injure any ramparts, buttress, wall, bridge, abutment, pavement, or other work which hath been or shall be erected, or made to protest or fortify any road, or to defend or preserve the fame from the violence of the sea or other waters, or shall steal, fell, or carry away any stones, timber, or other materials which shall compose the fame, shall upon being duly convicted thereof according to law, be sentenced to pay a fine not exceeding the sum of fifty pounds, or be imprisoned at the discretion of the judge before whom such person or persons shall be found guilty, for any space of time not exceeding three months; and if any stones, timber, or other materials which shall compose any of the works aforesaid, and be taken therefrom as aforesaid, shall lie found in the possession of any person, such possession shall be prima facia presumptive evidence that such stones, timber, and other materials so taken away, and found in the possession of such person as aforesaid, hath or have been so taken, stolen, or carried away by the person in whose possession the same shall have been so found, and that proof of the innocence of such person shall lie upon the person or persons in whose pof-lelfion the same shall have been so found.

L. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That whenever any overseer employed in repairing, widening, or amending roads, or itt any publick work in said city, or the liberties thereof, shall happen to die, or by any sickness or fatality shall be rendered unable to attend, after such work done, and before it shall be accounted for, on proof thereof by affidavit to the grand jury, and to the court of King’s bench or quarter sessions, the oath or affidavit of the survivor or survivors of them, or of him or them who are able to attend shall be sufficient; and further that whenever the overseer appointed by the grand jury for any work presented to be done, shall happen to die, before he has accounted for the fame, and after a part oi the whole of the money presented for the fame, hath been expended by him in the execution thereof, in such case an affidavit sworn by ai y credible persons, who can read

and

The thirty-third Year of George III.

and write, before any judge of the King’s bench, nr two justices A.D. of the peace for laid city, in the form prc; ribed by this act for ti c1793* overseer to have sworn, be allowed by the grand jury and court of King’s bench, or two justices of the peace for salt! city, bur in laid affidavit, instead of the words, I kmc jaitbfully amt boncjlly expended, shall be inserted thele words, was expended by

nr ho is now dead, to the bjt of my belief and opinion-, and thereupon the money ascertained by Inch affidavit to have been expended, shall be paid by the treasurer, as in any other case, any thing herein contained to the contrary m.uvithftamling: And fur- gram!pries iher, that it shall be lawful for the grand jury at any of the said "ju'nfw* terms, or at the quarter session, provided Inch overteers shall have

’ 1 f ami uppomt

been appointed at the quarter sessions, tl it shall appear to them that oilion. any of the overseers employed by them under this act, have not' performed the trust reposed in them with propriety and fidelity, to discharge such overseer or overseers from their office, and to appoint in his or their place, such overseer or overseers as to (hern shall seem expedient, who shall be confulered circumstanced in every respect as (he person or persons originally appointed by said grand juries, and shall account in the same manner, or as nearly as the case will admit of, as the overseer whom he shall he appointed to succeed was bound to do.

LI. And whereas the parishioners of several of the parishes in the county of the said city of Dublin, arc frequently much distressed and inconvenienced, by reason of their net having a public pound in each of the said parishes, wherein they may impound dray or trespassing cattle; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful C|||U for any five or more of the parishioners of any of the panflies liiliioucismay within the county of the said city, to apply to the minister and X’[wj'r"i, church wardens of such parish, to convene a vestry of the inhabi- r»">j.

1 ... . pound keeprr,

tants of such parish, and which said minister and church wardens mkI honfe (nr are hereby required on such requisition to do forthwith, and that p*' such vestry shall consist of the said parish minister and church war- P11'1K1 den or church wardens, and fix at lead of the solvent inhabitants of such parish, and they are hereby empowered at such vestry to applot and aflfcfs upon the solvent inhabitants of such parish, in like manner as the public money is herein directed to be applotted, and with the like salaries to the collectors, all such fuin and sums of money as may be necessary to purchaseor take a lease of ground for a public pound, for the use of laid parish, and also to build and erect such pound, and an house for a pound-keeper, and also such yearly salary as may i:e neeclfary for such pound-keeper, or

Vol. XVI. i2 C such

1022

The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

such sums as may be necessary to purchase an house ready built for 1793> such pound-keeper, and to pay the rent for the fame and for such ground, and the said pound-keeper shall enter into security to be approved of at vestry as aforesaid, for the safe keeping of all 1'uch cattle as may be delivered into his care, until they shall be deliver-id. ptrday e(i by due course of law, such pound-keeper to he entitled to de-for each , mane) anc] receive the sum of two pence per day for every bead: so delivered in charge to him from the owner or owners thereof.

Stray heads

LII. And it is further enacted, That if any stray bead shall be

to be deliver- foun(] within the said parish, the same shall be delivered to the cdto pound- ‘

keener, who pound-keeper, who is hereby required to make a return of such

mlirn'to mi- bead or beads to the minider and church wardens, in order that vMolralr ^ie ^ame raa3r be advertised in the public newspapers. vertlfed.

LIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That crow'^and^ the clerk of the crown at the term, and clerks of the peace at the peace to keep tluarter foffi°ns shall keep and isle amongd the records of laid city, affidavits a- all aifidavits made pursuant to this act, and shall within two days cordsfind to after every term, and after the quarter sessions in every year, de-orprcfent>P'eS bver to the treasurer of laid city, without fee or reward, copies of ments, &c. all the presentments made at said terms and quarter sessions, and penaliVjT.r’ affo of all queries discharged at fame time, signed by himself or themselves, and for every default thereof, that he or they shall forfeit the sum of five pounds, to be recovered by any person who shall sue for the same by civil bill, before the recorder of the said treasurer of city; and that the treasurer of the said city shall give copies of any city to give such presentments, as he shall receive from the clerk of the

copies or pie- r

fentmems to crown, or clerk of the peace, to any overseer mentioned in such mentioned preferment, or to their order on demand, within ten days after

therein. such overseer shall so apply to him for the fame, without fee or

reward.

Notice to

LIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any by collector, deputy-collector, constable, or other person empowered upon taking to collect the public money under this act, shall take any distress distrcfcj Upon t|)c premjfcs of any person refusing to pay his or her proportion of the public cel's, such collector, deputy-collector, constable, or person empowered to collect, taking such distress, shall poll a notice in writing, by him signed, on the usual place of notices being polled, in the parish where such distress was taken, distress may fctt‘n8 forth, that upon the seventh day following he will fell such be fold in 7 distress by public cant at that place; and it shall be lawful for such aftli dedoa- person who took such distress, then to fell it to the belt bidder, and

injr erf?, pnmubgo, ami charges, overplus returned

after deducting the amount of the cess, and one shilling in the pound for his trouble in making such distress, and one shilling per

night

The thirty-third Year of George III.

1023

iT plantin' be nnn-iVited,

night for the charges of keeping such distress, if a heart, he shall A.D. return the surplus (if any) to the person from whom such distress 1793-was taken; and in case any person or persons rtiall at any time hereafter bring, or cause to be brought any replevin or replevins, collector, &c. or any other action at law, whereby to prevent or obstruct the le- i,yf"

vying of all or any part of the publick money under this act, that tI"*

then and in that case the collector or collectors, or his or their sureties, constables or constable, who shall distrain for the fame, shall he enabled to avow, acknowledge, justify and defend such taking, by pleading, avowing, or making conufance generally that he took the goods and chattels in the plaintiffs declaration mentioned by virtue of this act, for the county cess, for which such distress shall be made due and payable, and in arrear, out of the premises whereon such distress shall be made, which cess was then and still remains due, without further setting forth any proceedings had under this act, or setting forth specially the warrant or authority of such collector or his surety, or of such constable or other person so acting under this act; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such replevin, or the person or persons bringing or causing to be brought )lc flla|| fttch replevin shall be non-suited, or a verdict shall be found, or pw mhlo judgment on demurrer shall pass against him, her, or them, that then and in that case lie, flic, or they shall pay treble costs; and if persons who any person or persons shall assault any collector, deputy-collector, constable, or other person empowered to take any distress in the Jot »! execution of this act, and shall be convicted thereof upon indict- paid, and foment at any quarter sessions, or adjournment thereof, or commis- u""p^ek"p fion of gaol delivery for the county of the city of Dublin, such y«rs! person shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, and shall be committed until such fine shall be paid, and shall give sufficient sureties to keep the peace for five years; and if any person or persons pCrfuns shall refeue any distress taken by any person by this act empowered to take such distress, he, she, or they shall upon conviction he over nil other fined in the sum of ten pounds, over and above all penalties by law to be inflicted upon persons guilty of pound-breach, and every fine in either case shall be paid one-half to the person who shall prosecute such persons, and the other half to the hlue-coat-hof-pital.

LV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Term fraud the grand juries at the terms shall have power to appoint such per- vlpoirtp'rson or persons as they shall think most proper, to conduct, pro- f‘"» "> «-fecute, or defend such suits in replevin, or any fttit or suits to be conducted, prosecuted, or defended in pursuance of this act, and to present the sums necessary for the fame, to be levied of the coun-12 C 2 ty

traverser to give security for double costs.

The thirty-third Year of George III.

ty of the salt! city, in like manner as other public money is to hi rail ed off the same.

I.VI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it fl ail JVrTons ng- be lawful for any person who shall think himself or herself aggriev-travcTfe'prc- e!' by the presentment of any grand jury of the said county of the fentmentsj c;ty of Dublin, to enter one or more traverse or traverses to such presentment, either in the term in which such presentment shall be made, or within eight days next after the last day of that term, which traverse or traverses shall he tried at the next term; and if the jury who shall try such traverse or traverses shall not confirm such presentment, then and in that case it shall not lie lawful for any overseer to proceed to execute such presentment; provided that such traverser or traversers shall give fuflkient Securities before the court of King’s bench, if the traverse be made in open court, or before one of the judges of the said court, if the traverse be entered within eight days next alter said term as aforesaid, to pay double costs, in case the jury to try such traverse or traverses shall confirm the presentment.

LVII. And provided also, That if such traverse be not made in open court, notice thereof in writing shall be given by the traverser to the treasurer of the county of the city of Dublin aforesaid, on the fame day of the entry of such traverse, who shall inform the overi'e:rs thereof; and if such traverse be to any presentment for comIuIItc-lry making any new road, or widening any old road, or making any new foot-path, the jury' who try such traverse shall true verdict give whether any and what damage will accrue thereby to such upon damages person so travcrling, which verdict shall be conclusive; and upon litpofiinif °T *hc fuin so found for damages being paid to him or her, or depo-

overfceis may fltc(| with the traverser for his or her use, it shall he lawful for the proceed. 1

overseer to piocecd and lay out, or make such new road or foot-way, or widen such old road, pursuant to the presentment, without the interruption of Inch person.

LVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any overseer or overseers appointed under this act, shall be matciials but empowered to dig for, raise, and carry away any gravel, Hones, pmte*.,'*c.’ land, or other materials which may be wanted for the building, lbn\'Tmv'"-’ ^building, enlarging, or repairing of any session-house, gaol, crfmior war- wcrk-hotise, bridge, gullet, pipe, or wall necessary for the support feet to toad; of any road, or for the making or preserving of any road, or for gravelling any new or old road, or part of a road, where such overseer shall judge most convenient to raise the fame, whether it h e in the said city cr the liberties thereof, or in the adjoining county, but that it shall not be lawful for any overseer or overseers to 6 dig

If traverse be not made in open court, notice mnil be yivm lu tre.Viinci on day of entry;

Cvctfcers may dig and carty away

The thirty-third Year of George III. 1025

dig for any gravel or /tones, or to open any gravel-pit, or quarry, A.D. in any deer-park, garden, orchard, haggard, or yard, or in the 1793-planted avenue, walk, or lawn belonging to any house, without the consent in writing of the owner or occupier, or nearer to the next fide of any road or foot-way than twenty feet; and that it and may make shall lie lawful for any overseer or overseers to make drains, in or- "c' der to carry off the water that may injure any bridge, gullet, pipe, or road in or through the lands of any person, not being a deer-park, garden, orchard, haggard, or yard, or in the planted walk, avenue, or lawn to the mansion-house of any person; and that flullnnkt such overseer shall make such satisfaction to be recovered by civil j hill before the recorder of the city of Dublin, against such overseer, Xfcf'al1*' in case of refyfal to the owner or occupier of the land for what damage may he done by digging, raising, or carrying away such gravel, (bones, Zand, or other materials, or making such drains as shall be assessed by five substantial house-holders of said city, two to he named by each of the said parties, and the fifth by any justice of the peace, to be appraisers of such damage, and to make a true estimate of such damages, according to the heft of their/kill; provided that such persons making such assessment, shall, before they enter thereon, make and subscribe respectively an affidavit in the following form:

I A.B. do factor, faithfully, impartially, and boncfdy, to the left AGUwit to of my fall and knowledge, to make a just and true estimate or value- person* male-lion of the damage sustained ly the digging, raising, and carrying away the gravel, find, orftoncs, or making drains, (as the case may be) on the lands of without favour or

affeSlion, prejudice or malice.

So help me God.

Which affidavit may be sworn before any justice of the peace for AfiiJ«itao-the county of the city of Dublin, and shall be annexed to the efti- m;c. and k-mate made by them, and he returned therewith to the grand jury, and kept amongst their records; and if ar.y person or persons ap- pC:f,ls appointed to make such estimate, having four days previous notice in writimr, shall icfufe or ncsrlcft to proceed to the valuation of such ',!m

o' <- 1 nrp'eCl ;*fter

damage, such person or persons shall forfeit ar.y film not exceeding days iii>t!LV, five pounds for every such offence, to be recovered by distress arid sale of the goods of such person, on the affidavit of one credible witness, such fine to be applied to the poor of the pari Hi; and if >«'"« «- the owner of the ground on like notice shall refuse to appoint va- appoint vi-Kiators in pursuance hereof, he or she shall forfeit for every such Vol.XVI. 12 D offence

1026 The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

offence, the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered and applied as 1793* aforesaid.

Cap. 56.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall ob-jl. penalty strudt or prevent such overseers in digging for, raising or carrying □verfccra, away such materials, making such drains, or shall obstruct or pre-ic- - vent any overseer, or any person employed by an overseed to execute any publick work under the authority of this act, such person shall upon conviction by the.oath of one credible witness before any justice of the peace for said city, forfeit for every such offence a sum not exceeding five pounds, to be levied together with the charges by distress and sale of the goods of the offender, by warrant of any justice of the peace for said city.

LX. And that a sufficient recompence may be made to the overseer, in case he shall have paid the damages, or to the persons injured, by the taking any such materials as shall be necessary for the building, rebuilding, enlarging or repairing of any sessions-house, gaol, work-house, bridge, gullet, pipe, or wall necessary for the.support of any road; be it further enacted by the authority Edimatca aforesaid, That the estimate of such damages as aforesaid, made by toVeTaid'be- the persons appointed for that purpose, and sworn to by them before next fore two justices of the peace for said city, may be laid before the

term grand r r t r r

jury, will, next grand jury at the term, who may present such ium or iums

forMi-0'11 money as they shall think proper, not exceeding the said estimate, to be raised off the said city, and paid to such persons by the oyerfesrs to treasurer of the publick money; and that every such overseer may occupiers'"^/0 g'lvc notice to the owner or occupier of the land adjoining to the land w four roads he is appointed to oversee, tofeourthe drains or ditches, or if not done to cut or clip the hedges on the fide of such roads at a heighth not lulficeTiiy exceeding five feet, which if the owner or occupier, shall neglect to older ovcifeer do, within three days after the service of such notice, any justice done, and of the peace of the said city, may by warrant under his hand and tspciiK leved sea] order the overseer of such road to have the said drains or

on occupiers.

ditches effectually scoured, or the hedges cut or clipped, and may by such warrant authorize such overseer to levy the expences attending thereon off tire goods and chattels of such owner or occupiers.

ferrous who

LXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Sto'andsad9 any person shall make any way or passage from any road within joining road, the county of the said city into the lands adjoining, without placing tas.°^c6un- a gutter or arch underneath such way or passage as deep as the derncuh s drain or ditch over which it shall be made, so as to allow all wa-or lay four, ter which may be therein at any time full room to pais, or shall road/C On lay the scouring or earth of any ditch or drain on the said roads,

or

i

The thirty-third Year of George III. 1027

or any foot-way belonging thereto, or if any person shall leave or A.D. permit to be left on any part of the said roads, within the county 1793" of the said city, or any foot-way belonging thereto, any carriage whatsoever, or any plough or harrow without the horse or horses, or an; c.ir-or other brease or beads being hamefled, unless such carriage shall be accidentally broken down there, and cannot be removed with- j10rf<s>

- ' broken, &c.

out repair, or shall spread out any linen, blanket, or winnowing Sheet, within thirty feet of the fide of any of the said roads, or !l'

shall leave any timber, or any stones without permission of the ilde-

overseer of any of the said roads, except for the use of the said or timWr.sc. roads, or shall leave, or permit to be left the carcase of any horse, ni'ifliui,;^' or bead, or shall skin, cr permit the same to be Ikinncd on any "af’" of the said roads, or within one hundred yards of the fide thereof, ikin h except in a house or yard enclosed with walls, or shall lead cr drive p.,]?, c:.cq>: any car or carriage with timber, boards, or iion laid across, so as ^al-uul‘-that either end thereof shall proiedt beyond the fides or wheels, or

J , Of |.;atf l,r

on which shall be laid any beams or pieces of timber, or planks, <i,i« cj. or pieces of planks above the length of thirteen feet, except on *'ah"*'1". carriages -with four wheels, and carts, or two common cars so (placed together, that the beams or pieces of planks shall be laid lengthways thereon, or shall drag any timber along any parts of the said roads, without being supported by wheels from touching the fame, or shall erect any sign-pod or may-pole, or may-bulh, %n Hi, &c. on any part of the said roads; and if any landholder or occupier a,| if |altI|_ of land, shall lay, or cause, or fuller to be laid upon his land,

J , , 1 wiilmi city or

within the city of Dublin or liberties thereof, for manure, or any libcuie, lui-other purpose, any filth, offals of blood, or the ferapings of any toiHaiiam llaughter-house, or of lhambles, or of the emptying of privies, J-'J1 without immediately covering the fame with such quantities of cu«iinst»mc, lime or earth as shall be sufficient to prevent any stench or annoy- jLJphiU&c. ance therefrom, or shall lay or depositc any dung-hill, or other offensive manure, within one hundred feet of any read within the county of the said city, such person or persons offending in any of forfiit 40.. the particulars herein, shall upon the view of any justice of the u‘^"IU peace, or upon the information of one credible witness upon oath, forfeit the sum of forty shillings for every fitch offence, to be levied by distrefe and sale of the goods and chattels of the offender, by the warrant of any such justice of the peace within his jurisdiction, under his hand and leal.

LXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any suit shall be commenced against any person or persons timi; d.jne for putting into execution any of the powers contained in this a^, 10 com-act, or for doing any act, matter, or thing pursuant thereto, that "I"1|"1,!I'U1

1028

The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D. 1793.

in every such case, the action or suit shall be commenced within six calendar months next after the fad was committed, and shall be laid in the county of the city of Dublin, and not elsewhere; and defendant the defendant or defendants in such actions shall and may plead ^nlranffue; general issue, and give the special matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if the plaintiff or pa>- treble plaintiffs shall be non-suited, and judgment given agaillft him, fcndan",11'" fieri or them upon demurrer or otherwise, or a verdict pass for the defendant, or a dismiss upon a civil bill, such defendant or defendants shall have his, her, or their treble costs, to be recovered by such method and manner as by law, costs are given to affirmation of defendants; and that the solemn affirmation of a quaker, Jliall be cient. adjudged and taken to be of the fame force and died, to all intents and purposes in any case where by this act an oath is required to be taken, as if such quaker had taken an oath prescribed in the usual form of law.

Justicts to

LXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ;'itVa«u- That his Majesty's justices of the peace, are hereby authorized to lion; put this act into execution, and to administer the several oaths herein before directed to he taken, within their several and respect. one moisty of live jurisdictions; and that one moiety of all forfeitures, and peen-odftrwili ilif ninry penalties to be inffided by this act, and not otherwise ap-

poki! "f-11?'11 plied, shall be paid to the informer, with full costs, and the other

lo uifijinicf,

tile oilier id moiety to the poor of the parish; and that if any person convidred

!'ouri of any offence by this act, shall not be able to pay the penalty that

he or (lie has incurred, it shall be lawful for the justice or justices mny bs aim- of t!ie peace, before whom such person shall have been convicted, to fend such person to the work-house, or house of ccrrcdion of said city, there to remain at hard labour for such time as the said justice or justices Avail think proper, not exceeding three months.

iVifons

LXIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every unffiimTifs- who Avail falsely (wear, or falsely affirm in any of the cases

ly, tuiiiy of or matters herein mentioned, shall be deemed and taken to be larjur), guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury, and shall be liable to be in-dided, prosecuted, and punished as persons are liable to be indict-cd, prosecuted, and punished for wilful and corrupt perjury. Uncertainty

LXV. And whereas from the uncertainty as to the boundaries ofboiiiiJa- 0p coimty of the city of Dublin, and the county of Dublin, it has been found extremely difficult in many cases to execute the ordinary procel's of the law, whereby many persons have escaped puniflnnent, and creditors have been defrauded and greatly delayed

The thirty-third Year of George III. 1029

in the recovery of their debts, and other inconveniencies have A.D. arifeu: And whereas the mode for prosecuting a commission of 1793' perambulation, in order to have the said boundaries ascertained, ^|^Pi_£J‘ on account of the number of persons who are necessary to be made c«mim(Iion of parties to any lint to be commenced for that purpose, would be both.tedious and expensive; for affording full and sufficient re- ’"‘l medy in the premises, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the lord chancellor of dnncil-

Ireland, on a petition to be preferred to him in the high court of pJu-Lui'm

chancery, by the grand jury of the county, or county of the city of Dublin, or by either of them, for the time being, praying to

have the boundaries between the said counties enquired into and of

ascertained, after a notice shall have been given in such public!: manner as the lord chancellor shall direct, of fitch petition or petitions being preferred, and after hearing what may be said touching the matter of said petition, by the persons who may think themselves affected thereby, or their council, or in case there shall not he any such opposition, to issue one or more commission or commissions of perambulation, as the fame may be found necessary for ascertaining the mcares and bounds between the county of the city of Dublin and its liberties, and any adjoining county or place on which such orders and proceedings fit-all and may be had as shall be necessary; and after the mcares and boundaries afte. mrarci between the county of the said city, and any adjoining place, "j"* aVi* nfcrr-shall he ascertained and settled by virtue of said commission or t-y commissions, and the proceedings to be lied thereon, the fame ramrOniibe respectively shall be binding and condusive from thenceforth, to all persons who shall or may be concerned or interdled in the f‘"u,: hounds of said city, and any adjoining place; and a commission commiflimu or commissions of perambulation hath or have been already issued for the purposes aforesaid, and a commission for ascertaining part of the mcares and bounds between the county of Dublin, and county of the city of Dublin is now depending.

LXVI. And whereas the foot and carriage ways within Ro"b'a

r, r liaroiiv of the barony of Donorc are almoii impafiable, for remedy Don.*!-whereof, be it enacted by tbs authority aforesaid, That the "abic grand juries of Thomas-Court and Donorc, be empowered j

think- sufficient

cotirt a.i;i i>>*

to repair the foot and carriage ways within tnc said barony, *v, »ny and to appoint such overseer or overseers as they may think u" L"io«y, moll proper, and that the said overlecr or overseers may have the fame powers as the directors and commissioners of the'v: il f;il paving board have, as to the repaying, levelling, and altering

to present such sum or films as they may

1030 The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

all such carriage and footways, and to the removing of '79.v nuisances and other obstrudions within the said barony, and that the high and petty constables of said barony be cm-cciiiljbks powered to distrain for the cess to be raised by the said

it.ay dilliain 1 J

grand jury as other constables and collectors are empowered by law to do.

SaMpaiut

LXVII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid,

1" Hir'd Is That from and after the passing of this act, the said grand titicinj juries shall have full power and authority to enter into any conlraft or agreement for any terra not exceeding seven years, with any person or persons, body or bodies corporate, for any sum of money to be expended in repairing or keeping in repair such parts of said carriage ways and foot ways, and in altering and levelling such foot and carriage ways as are situated within said barony, which contract or agreement shall be ligned by the foreman of said jury, and the party or parties with whom the said grand juries shall make and agree for the fame, and shall be lodged with ittwny not the seneschal of the said barony; provided always that from plcfent- nothing herein contained shall be extended or be construed at'la'sc"'0 to exonerate the said barony of Thomas-Court and Donore from the payment of their proportion of preferments on the county at large, cimrcii of

LXVIII. And whereas the parish church of Nicholas Without the walls of Dublin, is at prefer.t in ruins; be it ruins: enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the

minister, twenty-fourth day of June next ensuing, it shall and may be <ic» and pa-lawful for the minister, church-wardens, and parishioners of top'S for the ftml parish of faint Nicholas Without, in vestry aflem-rcbniidinp bled, to assess from time to time, on the several inhabitants

f;uu churcu,

Ac. of the said parish, such sum or sums of money as shall appear to be necestiiry for the rebuilding of the said parochial church, and the putting of it in proper order for the celebration of divine service, and that the church-wardens in office, whenever such assessment shall be made, shall be empowered and required immediately to applot and levy by themselves, or by some person appointed by them, the fuin or sums so assessed, on the several houses of the said parish of faint Nicholas Without, according to the rate of ministers money payable out of each of the said houses respectively, ai:cl shall apply the said lum or lums to the rebuilding of the said parochial chinch of faint Nicholas Without, and

The thirty-third Year of George III. 1031

to no other purpose; and when going ont of office shall A. 13-account for the said firm or sums, in the same manner as 1793' they are now by law to account for all sum or films of money received by them by virtue of their office of church- <j!"ct1’ warden: and in case the inhabitant of any of the f;iid c.>um u-h.-n houses of the said parish, refuses or delays to pay such iiiiuf: sum or films of money as shall be allotted or charged upon ,w in the house wherein he divcllcth, that then it shall and may I'.v’pTi-ll.Vni,* be lawful for the said church-wardens, and the said church- " ",1,

i!ii,< mjy Jil-

wardens are hereby empowered and required to enter into train, the said house, and distrain the several and respective persons so in arrear for the fame, and the cliflrcfs or distreftes to carry away and fell, to pay such money as shall be due towards the rebuilding of the said parochial church, and to deliver the remainder unto the said inhabitants.

LXIX. Provided always, That the sum or films so to he assessed for the rebuilding of the said parochial church of diu.iA, ma Saint Nicholas Without, shall not in any one year exceed the m niiU- ’= yearly rate of minister’s money, payable out of the several "ally f'*' houses of the said parish respectively: and provided a!so, cl j, w,r_ that the church-wardens of the said parish of Saint Nicholas Without, shall, from time to time pay over the sum or mirrafurer sums so levied and received by them for the rebuilding of cnln-alnn the said parish church, to the treasurer appointed by the toiiij's, *c. committee elected in vestry, for superintending the rebuilding of the said church, and that the receipts of the said trea-lurer shall be a full discharge to the said church-wardens, for any sum or sums paid by them, and shall be allowed them in passing their accounts as church-wardens of the said parish of Saint Nicholas Without.

LXX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, E:^?.icKof That the expence of pa fling this act into a law, shall, before w- j|,ji!iri«i the twenty-fifth day of December, one llmufand seven iinn- m-cm7J3; dred and ninety-three, be presented and applotted on the inhabitants of the county of the city of Dublin, by the grand jury of said county of the city of Dublin, and afterwards levied and raised, with like remedy for default in payment thereof, as is by this act directed; and that all such t<jocc,nf films of money as have been by this act directed, or as have ;,f been heretofore necessary, and may afterwards be necessary for defraying the expences of any proceedings which have been or may be had on account of such commiiiiun or enm-1 2 E 2 millions

1032

A.D. 1793. Chap. 56.

Church

«v:udcn3 10 deliver, oil notice, (not Icfs than 2.J. Imurh) their books of u;i|ilotmu)t> &c.

also correct lills of arrears, fitrncd by church* wardens:

church wardens or collectors may he 100). by King’s bench for omitting or refuting:

tine to bine-coat llOl[1!till.

Lot,! m.iuti. fnetilis, city

The thirty-third Year of George III.

mifliens of perambulation as before mentioned, shall and may be presented to be raised in like manner by the respective grand juries of the county of the city of Dublin, and county of Dublin.

LXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a -publick act, and judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

LXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several church-wardens of the several parishes in the county of the said city, or their collcdors, after the passing of this, ad, on due notice (not less than twenty-four hours) being given to them, or any of them, by any of the term grand jury or grand juries, shall deliver up to the said grand jury or grand juries, or to any person authorized by them, the several books of applotment, of the amount of any warrant or warrants applotted by them on their respective parishes, as shall be required by the said grand jury or grand juries; and the said church-wardens shall also ’ deliver to the said grand jury or grand juries, correct lifts of all arrears of publick money due and uncol-Icded, of any of the said warrant or warrants in their respective parishes, such lifts of arrears to be signed by the said several church-wardens; and if the said church-warden, church-wardens, or their collcdors, shall omit or refuse to deliver up in manner herein before directed, such books of applotment, and also lifts of the arrears of publick money then due in their respective parishes, it shall be lawful for the justices of the King’s bench to fine them, and every or any of them, in any sum not exceeding one hundred pounds, to be recovered in a summary way, and when levied, to be paid to the blue-coat-hospital.

LXXIII. And whereas it must furnish a better supply of water to the city of Dublin, and the liberties thereto ad-ioining, if more basons or reservoirs were to be made contiguous or convenient thereto: and whereas great difficulty may occur from divers causes in acquiring and purchasing grounds necessary and proper for that purpose, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the right honourable the lord mayor, sheriffs, city treasurer, and senior master of the works of the city of Dublin, for the 'i time

The thirty-third Year of George III. 1033

time being, shall be and are hereby appointed commissioners A.D. for making basons and reservoirs for the better supply of '1793.

Dublin with pipe water; and that the commissioners aforesaid, or the survivors of them, or any three or more of w®lks> »i*-

J pointed com*

them, shall and may meet and assemble themselves at the for

- making ha*

Royal Exchange, on the nrit day of September next after &c. and the passing of this act, and afterwards at such time and nlrt-ij'i'.'nnd^ times, and at such places in the city of Dublin, as the said commissioners or the survivors of them, or any three or more &c. of them, shall from time to time think fit; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners, or the survivors of them, or any three or more of them, to design, assign, and lay out where and in what manner such basons and reservoirs, and the necessary banks and enclosures thereof, and the premises necessary to be appurtenant thereto^ for management and preservation thereof, shall he made.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- SaMenm-said, That the commissioners aforesaid, or the survivors of mayasr«for them, or any three or more of them, shall have full power and authority to agree with all and every person and persons, bodies politick and corporate, for the purchase of their not acceding respective estates, terms or interests in the several lands and p,"lV«!ir premises contiguous, or nearly adjoining to the grand canal, tlusaa' on the south-west, south-south-east, and north (ides of Dublin, lying between the roads leading to Baal’s- Bridge and Rathfarnham, respectively, in all and every such grounds and premises not exceeding two acres, as they the said commissioners or the survivors of them, or any three or more of them shall think necessary for them to be possessed of, or entitled to, for the purpose of this act.

LXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- All de-

11 fcliptlUllS of

said, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all bodies persons in*

politick and corporate, corporations aggregate or foie, truf- uJ""1’ tees, guardians and committees of lunaticks and idiots, cxe-cutors and administrators, not only for and on behalf of>0 commissioners s

themselves, their heirs and successors, but also for and on behalf of cejhii questrusts, whether infants or issue unknown, lunaticks, idiots, feme averts, or other persons whatsoever; and to and for all person and persons whatsoever, who are or shall be seized or possessed of, or interested in any houses, buildings, or grounds, which by the said commissioners, or Vo l. XVI. 12 F the

alt coittrafis good, as if with cum-miflioiters for widening streets.

Commissioners hereby appointed to have fame 'powers, &c. See. as commissioners for widening

itiects.

1034 The thirty-third Year of George III.

A.D.

the survivors of them, or any three or more of them, shall 1793- be thought necessary to be purchased for any of the purposes of this act, to sell and convey all or any such grounds and premises, or any part thereof, to the said commissioners or the survivors of them; and that all contrafts, agreements, bargains, sales, and conveyances, which shall be made by such persons as aforesaid, shall be good and valid in law, to all intents and purposes, in like manner, and as fully as if the fame were made to and with the commissioners authorized and appointed by divers statutes for making wide and convenient ways, streets, and passages in the city of Dublin.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commissioners by this act nominated and appointed, or the survivors of them, or any three or more of them, shall, in the premises and execution thereof, have and enjoy all such powers, privileges, authorities, capacities, and immuniments v.hatsoever, and shall and may in execution of the premises, act, conduct, and regulate their acts and proceedings; and the sheriffs, jurors, and officers of justice of the county and city of Dublin, respectively, shall be in like manner subject and obedient to their power and authority, in the due execution of the premises, in like manner as is enacted, provided, and required by the several statutes made and now in force, relating to the commissioners appointed by act of parliament for making wide and convenient passages through the city of Dublin, and for the further improvement thereof, and in like manner as if the power of the said commissioners last above-mentioned, was extended to the due execution of the premises. wiirn com-

LXXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority imilionm aforesaid, That as soon as the said commissioners, or the

have iicquir- 7 7

cdsromul survivors of them, or any three or more of them shall have

for lwfon«»

fee. they shall purchased, acquired, or pouefled the ground and premises

convey fame to the city, corporation paying for li cit out of pipe water revenue:

thereupon powers of euuuniflion* ers shall ccafc.

necessary for making such basons, reservoirs, banks, enclosures, and premises heccflary to be appurtenant thereto, for the due ordering and management thereof, that then the said commissioners, or the survivors of them, or any three or more of them, shall assign and convey over all their estate and interest in the premises, by deeds of bargain and sale, enrolled, to the lord mayor, sheriffs, commons, and citizens of the city of Dublin, for the use of the pipe-water works 6 of

The thirty-third Year of George III.

io35

of the said city, and of the liberties thereto adjoining; the A.D. corporation last mentioned paying, satisfying, and discharg- 1793-ing out of the pipe-water revenue, all Turn and sums of money agreed, awarded, and adjudged to be paid, for the purchase of such grounds and premises, and all expenecs, costs and charges, to be incurred in the execution of the premilcs; and thereupon the said lord mayor, sheriffs, commons, and citizens, shall be seized of such grounds and premises to the use aforesaid, and none other; and thereupon the powers of the said commissioners, hereby appointed, shall wholly cease and be determined.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said lord mayor, (he- To°mn riffs, commons, and citizens, to extend their main pipes and other water-works, so as to communicate with, and draw the water from such basons and reservoirs, respectively.

LXXIX. Whereas the term grand jury of the county of the city of Dublin, are authorized by law, to present a sum not exceeding fifteen pounds, at every term, as a salary for the chaplain or ordinary of the new prison, which sum is very inadequate to the dangerous and painful duties of said office, be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Quirterftf-

r i rr- , ._. . fans grand

for the quarter feluons grand jury of the city of Dublin, j«,y, may

to present a farther sum of ten pounds, at every quarter j^q, Vi°r

sessions for said chaplain, provided that it shall appear to

them, that he hath faithfully discharged his duty. *f"". 'f *« 'if-

J J charges nil

t! rf-

X5

The End of the SIXTEENTH VOLUME.

